The fawn spooned some soup into his mouth, after he'd swallowed he gave a bliss filled bleat. He'd missed tasting Mrs. Hudson's home cooking, the Fae didn't really know how himself, he could boil water, cook meat and veggies over a fire, but that was thanks to the elder Fae, since as 'royalty,' Moosecroft, Maman and he had never had to cook for themselves.
The fawn’s ears dropped slightly as he raised his head. He pressed his lips to each of John's cheeks, then his nose, and finally his lips. The Fae's dark palms slid up the human's back once more, his speckled fingers tapping John's vertebrae gently as they went. He bleated softly, nuzzling the human's neck once more, damp nose rubbing against the human's skin. He snuffled softly, taking in John's intoxicating scent with a soft smile.
John watched Fawnlock stretch, because really, it was a nice thing to watch, then did the same as he climbed to his feet, rubbing the ache out of his bad shoulder. He went and collected his jacket and boots, kneeling down again to tie on the shoes.
"How's it look, John?" He asks, a small smile tugging his lips.
The Fawn had froze when the human spoke, and his ears dropped as he thought. His flicked as his pale gazed scrutinized the human once more, after a moment or so he nodded to himself. "That would be acceptable, I wouldn't be able to stay long though." He answered, walking over so he was beside John, "I must go before the witching hour," he said softly.
"I love you too, John, with all my heart, you-" he whimpered softly, "you are my mate, and I want to stay with you, only you, John." Fawnlock nuzzled against John, damp nose pressing to the human's heated skin.
Mycroft's lips form a thin line, making the fourteen-year-old look far older than he is.
"Thank you, sir." She laughs, taking his arm as they follow after the two boys.
The fawn continued to scan the book's pages until his mate spoke up.
Sherlock follows the older boy, gripping his hand, "I like purple, but daffodils don't grow to be purple, but I like yellow too, like bees."
As Fawnlock squeezed his fingers, he leaned in and kissed his mate's cheek, then pulled back and dug out his keys to unlock the door and let them inside.
The fawn’s fingers skimmed over the hem of John's jeans, stroking the soft flesh there, swiping speckled fingertips over John's tummy. Fawnlock moved back up to kiss John once more, tongue sweeping into his mate's mouth, despite the fact that he'd mostly likely already mapped out every inch of his love's delightful mouth; the fawn couldn't get enough, tongue stroking around John's mouth like the first time every deep kiss the couple shared.
"John, this is Winston, Winston this my friend John." Sherlock introduces them and the man smiles, happy to see Sherlock made a friend. Sherlock picks up his spoon and scopes a spoonful of chowder into his mouth. He smiles and tells Winston it's really yummy, as always. The butler just chuckles with a thank you before leaving to clean up.
The bull nodded and finished off his tea, then stood, bowing his head to the pair. "I shall look, and only can hope I find someone to suit me as well as you have, brother."
Sherlock trots back into his room after brushing his teeth and sits on the edge of his bed, kicking his feet a bit, waiting for John to come out too.
The Fae brought up his arms in a gentle hug around John, his chest practically vibrating with his soft rumbles. "I love you too, John." The fawn murmured softly.
Fawnlock's ears twitched as he followed the human's gaze, and recognized the language it spoke, Moosecroft and other Fae taught him well what he didn't learn himself. The Fawn snorted, "Obviously," he stated, picking up the language easily. He lifted his hand from the wound to examine it. He sniffed his hand and frowned slightly, he hadn't gathered many healing herbs lately. His gaze flickered back to the human.
"I'm sorry you were made to hurt so much. You are so deserving of love. But I don't think your brother was seeking to hurt you like that. I think he was trying to give you a chance, give you a life and a kingdom of your very own. He was trying to show you love, but he didn't understand how." John nuzzled against the fawn's neck, hugging him tightly. "You are so very loved Fawnlock."
"John, we should clean up your room." Sherlock offers, still weary Mrs. Watson, he'd never actually met her, only heard about her.
Fawnlock eagerly took John's hand in his as it was offered, tail swishing with mirth as he regarded the human's quite poor nest making skills along with his words to do better, if the fawn wanted so. Yet Fawnlock was perfectly happy with this nest, it would most defiantly keep the two warm, (he would teach John better later on, though) and above all else, his mate had constructed it, for him.  The fawn pulled John closer by his hand, pressing a soft, appreciative kiss to John's lips with a muffled bleat before nosing at his jaw.
But he had to.
John could see bits of both Fawnlock's mother and father in him now, that willowy, delicate figure of his mother, yet the darker features of their father in his hair. Moosecroft as well was a wonderful mixture of both parents, the two siblings resembling each other without outright resembling each other.
John chuckled with the fawn's comments. Only he could find some great magical wood boring, yet be enthralled with plain, ordinary John. As Fawnlock leaned into nuzzle, the blond tilted his chin up a bit, trying not to flinch as the extra cold nose slid over his skin. He leaned back after a moment and reached up to rub the fae's nose with his other hand, warming it up. Fawnlock chuckled softly, a soft rumbling started in the Fae's chest as John rubbed his nose. He nuzzled into the human's palm. With a soft bleat he moved his head slightly and pressed a kiss to John's palm. John guided the fawn down to sit closer to the fire  to get toasty, never stopping the soothing rub between his shoulder blades. "Well I'm glad it was boring, that means nothing held you up and you come home to me quicker." After a few moments Fawnlock deemed himself warm enough, he finished his tea and stood, pulling John with him. He padded over to his nest and sat, pulling John with him. He slipped his scarf from his neck and hung it on a hook in the wall. Fawnlock pulled John to him and nuzzled his neck, the rumbling growing louder. The pair stayed snuggled close for a few moments before the fawn gave a soft huff and pulled john down to snuggle with his human, "You need to rest John, let's sleep.." he spoke softly as he tucked his face against John's neck. John huffed a soft chuckle but nevertheless settled down with the adorable fawn, keeping him close. Soon the human was dozing off and surprisingly, so was the fawn cuddled close beside him, with sleepy smiles quirking their lips as they slept peacefully.
It was true, whenever they were together, they were caught in a tangle of limbs and nuzzling faces more often than not. He chuckled when the fawn kissed his nose, and John pet up the fae's waist and back, rubbing his spine gently.
Fawnlock then followed his mate the rest of his way to the door, he opened it and turned to press a soft kiss to John's forehead and brush his dark fingers briefly through his mate's short sandy hair, snuffling softly as he scented his mate one last time before he left.
The royal den was vast as it had ever been, but now it was decorated sparsely, all sense of family and warmth gone from stone walls, despite the twin fires crackling at either end of the mouth of the cave which dipped down below the earth to a network of vast tunnels. The den had become Moosecroft's by inheritance, and there was nearly nothing left of their mother and father, instead, everything reflected the ascetic choices of the new King.
The fawn bleated at the soft kisses, arching into John's touch. He brushed his fingers through John's hair, lips skimming over his hairline. Small noises escaped his lips at John's lips on his neck, tail flicking back and forth. The Fae wriggled slightly as John's fingertips tickled under his bottom, he sighed softly.
"You're always bored." John replies, finishing the last paragraph of his essay with a neat '.' at the end.
The Fae gave a soft bleat, ears dropping, "Remember those unsavory things I protect the wood from? Something tried to get through the veil, I got it though," the Fae gave a soft huff of laughter before he winced, "Don't worry it turned out looking worse, won't be coming back for a few thousand years, if it's knows what's good for it." He smirked softly, "The gashes are kinda deep, and the knock to the head isn't too bad, right?" The fawn gave a soft bleat, reaching up to cup John's cheek, thumb rubbing over his mate's flesh, a soft smile on his lips.
“I love your scent. I want to fill our cottage with it completely, every corner, every crack. I want there to be no doubt we belong to each other." He opened his eyes and tilted forwards a bit more, pressing their lips together in a slow, lazy kiss as the suds ran down the back of his neck.
Cut out all the ropes and let me fall,
Sherlock watches his brother, who looks to be in deep thought. After Mycroft blushes, he knows who his brother is thinking of. The taller boy smirks as he and John finish the maze.
John turned and reached up to touch Fawnlock's cheek, gently stroking his face and the fluff at the base of his ear.
The young Fae gave a soft bleat and nodded, "Yes, if that's what you want, John." He nuzzled against his mate, the rumbling sounding soft and low in his chest as he cuddled close to John.
"What do you want?"
"Of course it's worth it. All of it's worth it." John was careful not to switch into fae to avoid sounding like a stumbling idiot until he'd practiced more. The hand not stroking the parchment reached back to scratch at the back of Fawnlock's ear, keeping his face close.
we introduce the king of the fae, will he bless the couple's bonding?
The fawn leant into his mate's touches as they walked and talked about the trees they pointed out that surrounded them. He pronounced the words slowly, and watched in slight amusement as John's tongue peeked out of his mouth as he tried to pronounce the words the fawn easily spoke with a skilled tongue.
John dials his home number on the phone, and it rings, the answering machine picks up.
John drew in a shaky breath and dragged his hand away with a slow nod, instead moving to rub up the fawn's side. He didn't want Fawnlock to muffle himself ever either, but it had just been so sudden and surprising.
"/John is such an ordinary name for a man who must be extraordinary enough to catch your eye./" He commented softly, eyes flicking skyward to the moon.
Fawnlock made it to the gate and moved to the willows, glancing his dark palms up the turn is lightly. He watched as the bushes around the center parted and the veil thinned. He plunked plunked down in the grass and watched as Fae leave and enter as they please. He huffs softly, another long and boring night at the gate it would seem.
"I love you, John," the fawn bleated softy, snugging closer to his mate, he didn't want to have to leave him that night to guard the gate, but he'd only gotten away from that duty the night before because of his brother's visit.
"They'll learn to respect you. It is earned after all. A title doesn't really get you much, Prince." he teased with a smile, feeling happy and relaxed in this sacred place.
"Shall we?" Winston offers his arm to Mrs. Watson, a gentleman like Mycroft, seeing as he is the one who instilled such behaviors in him -  not their late father.
John settled back against his pack like a make shift back rest and watched as his mate reclaimed his instrument and caressed it lovingly.
Greg, being perched on a stool, isn't in the prime position for a proper snog, but he will live, he just isn't able to get as close to Mycroft as he'd like. Now possessing permission, the older teen tentatively swipes his tongue into Mycroft's mouth, gently and hesitantly exploring, eyes fluttering closed. He didn't want to alarm Mycroft, so he kept the kiss sweet and a bit lazy.
"John, are you still hungry?" He asks, he doesn't care about people, he swears, except John, Mummy, Mycroft (but not very much) and Mrs. Hudson, their cook and butler.
"Eleven pounds fifty."  John eyes the man before closing the door and then undoes the chain and hands the twenty-pound note and takes his change and the takeaway bag.
Later that night, the boys are sitting on stools by Sirius' cage watching the little mouse move about. Sherlock's chin is propped up in his hands, he's thinking, about the bully from that afternoon, and all the other kids who made fun of the two of them, how unhappy that made John. He frowns, he didn't like John being unhappy.
"So what do we have to do? Study for your final exams?" Mycroft's own work is placed on the desk to the right, his study packet for his calculus final.
Fawnlock’s ears flicked curiously at John's promise of a breakfast-in-bed and a hot bath.
"Hello Greg," Mycroft replies politely, smiling at the rugby player by his locker, heart beating a little faster. He clicks the code to the lock on his locker and then sorts through his things that he does and doesn't need. The ginger teen is desperately trying to not freak out, embarrass himself OR Greg. He swallows hard as he finishes sorting.
Sherlock huffs a soft chuckle before shooting a soft but still semi-fierce glare at John.
Fawnlock wanted to argue, but knew better, John wouldn't listen to that. His breath hitched slightly as John's lips barely brushed his, the Fae pulled away from the kiss for a moment and frowned slightly at John's words. John looked at Fawnlock as he pulled back, fingers slowly curling in the fae's hair.
John trembles slightly, still gripping his torch, "N-nightmare..." He responds in a quiet voice.
Fawnlock nipped lightly at his earlobe before he pressed his damp nose to the soft patch of skin under it. His velvet ears flicked as his tail shivered and twitched under the attention of John's fingers. John hummed as the fawn nuzzled at his ear, breathing hotly as he whispered.
"I'd like nothing more."
"Can I?" Once a nod is given to him, John scurries over and tries to reach up and climb into the tree, he falls just short of reaching the lower branch.
John watched the fawn shift and wriggle into a comfortable spot on the sofa, wondering how it was possible to look so adorable just adjusting oneself on the couch. It probably helped that John was so absolutely smitten and awed. "Yes...I should collect more wood for the fireplace. I've been picking up fallen branches and dead trees for tinder. Perhaps you can show me what trees are alright for chopping for firewood? I don't want to do something horrible by destroying someone's home." He hummed and refilled his own cup, adding just a splash of milk and taking a sip. "What do you do for the winter? Do you hibernate?" He had a thought just then and reached for his pack on the floor, digging through it on the search for something he'd stuffed in there in the morning.
The fawn parted the brush, brambles and branches with his dark palms and speckled fingers. He moved through and held back the branches for John. After the human moved he released then and turned to look to the willow trees that's branches twined together in an elegant arch, small white blossoms dotted their delicate appendages and fluttered with the chilly breeze. The gate, the thinning of the veil concealed inside rose and blackberry bushes, guarded in the center of the arch, only to retract fully at the witching hour or the passing of Fae. John followed after the fawn, stepping cautiously to make sure he didn't disturb anything overtly. His eyes were darting here and there, taking in every curving branch and dusting of wildflowers. Everything about the wood was beautiful to him, but John highly suspected that was because the forest was a reflection of the fawn. When he was lead towards the gate finally, John paused to watch a white blossom drift down and dance on the breeze to land on his shoulder. It felt wrong to flick it away, so he left it upon his coat and wandered closer, so quiet he was nearly holding his breath
"Not a problem, berks like that shouldn't pick on you little guys." The older boy ruffles Sherlock's curly hair, "Though you're not that little, are you, Holmes?"
John bit his lip as Fawnlock kissed his scar, but the words that followed were what really touched him. The fae never ceased to amaze John, so sweet and kind. And the way he so utterly adored John, the man had no doubt this was his soul mate, everything he'd been looking for his entire life. He'd never have thought he's find someone so beautiful and smart however, whose very touch made John feel like a fire had been stoked throughout his insides.
The Fae turned to look up at the human, "I also need to do my morning rounds, we can stop at the stream and the berry patches on our way, if you want." The fawn's ears twitched as he stood, grabbing his scarf off its hook and wrapping it around his neck. He moved to go put the little fire's remaining embers out completely.
Mummy listens to her son as he efficiently reads to her, carefully reading new words that he does not know, but figures them out quickly.  She is so proud of her boys, both of them are brilliant just like their father.
"There's one part of the wood go for Mrs. Hudson's wood, though she uses glamour to make the logs last longer, so she uses less; in there the trees aren't very suitable as homes. Well go there after." He waited for the human to shoulder his pack before he ducked out of his den, holding out a hand for the human that followed.
Mycroft pulls Sherlock into his lap and cuddles him close.  He would be a liar if he said he had been worried about leaving his baby brother alone like that.  Scared even.
Fawnlock finished up the slice of bread, tail swishing and ears flicking, "Its different from Mrs. Hudson's bread, it tastes a bit odd, but I still like it," he offered John a small smile, then leaned against him more, the rumble from the fawn's chest getting louder as John's thumb rubbed the Fae's thigh idly.
The tea helped calm the Fae as well, with ears now only twitching minutely, Mrs. Hudson smiled fondly and ruffled a feathered hand through his curls before she scurried off to continue baking.
Once the canteen was full, Fawnlock stood and screwed the lid on, figuring it out quickly. He waded back and knelt beside John holding out the canteen.
The fawn followed John up to the cottage's second floor, ears flicking in curiosity and gaze roving the new space. He tilted his head to scent the air, the heady sent of John wafted in the upper floors of the cottage, no doubt coming from where his mate usually slept. The fawn let go of John's hand, moving to explore, he knew there was a bathroom in Mrs. Hudson's cottage, but he'd never been inside.
"We'll be glad to have you, John."
A pink blush dusts John's cheeks as he smiles cheerfully. He has to stifle a yawn as it interrupts him, "Me-" he yawns,"too Sherlock. Heh... I guess we'd better go to sleep." He suggests, his eyes half lidded now and he snuggles into his blankets and laying back so that he may sleep.
He huffed a chuckle at the soft thump of another pillow hitting his head, "That wasn't a very fair move," the fawn pouted slightly, his tail swished playfully as he liked down at his mate.
Licking the jam from his fingertips, John then scooted back towards the fire and took off his coat, using the material as a barrier and he picked up the heated thermos and unscrewed the top, pouring the amber colored liquid into the cup. Waiting for it to cool, he lifted it up and drained a longer swallow, warming him from the inside out. It was a little sweeter than he liked it, but he had made it for Fawnlock after all. The rest of the tea was saved for the fae's return to warm him up from the cold outside, and John toed off his boots and returned to the nest, smoothing out the quilts into a lovely makeshift bed for the both of them.
"Maybe we could move my books into your cottage for the winter," he huffed softly, snuffling slightly, "I like having a nest, and my violin..." He sighed softly. He pulled away slightly to lock gazes with John, "The veil should ice over in a week or two," he murmured softly, he lifted their intertwined hands to his mouth and brushed his lips over John's knuckles.
John's tongue darted between his lips quickly before he broke into a smile at the fawn's assurance. Danger had been John's life constantly for years, dodging bullets and braving enemy territory to rescue his fellow soldiers. The loss of it was certainly something that had attributed to his depression, which ultimately lead him out here to the forest in the first place. "I know a little something about that... I used to be a soldier." John listened to him as his moved his hands down to the fawn's wrist and hand, touching and testing different points to make sure there wasn't any lingering nerve damage. John listened, not just to the words from the fawn, but to his undertones. While he didn't like rending punishment, it was a necessary evil to maintain the balance of the wood. John himself was disrupting that perfect balance, an outsider pushing himself into the delicate ecosystem. He finally let go of the fawn's hand and nodded with a sigh. "Just the same, I'll stay out of the deep woods. It's late in the year...animals are getting ready for winter. They'll be hungry and on guard. It was a mistake I'll learn from. Was just a bit too eager to explore."
"Oh, thank you Mrs. Hudson....really. It's so sweet of you." John would cherish it, he hadn't thought the older fae had liked him enough to make him clothing.
"Despite our culture's and people's differences, I believe we can make our bond solidly and that it'll be stronger than just a simple marriage or normal mating." The fawn's ears twitched as he moved to nuzzle at John's cheek, he gave his mate a bit of a quizzical look over, "As for your other question, brother, I believe he can experience a bond in its truest form," Fawnlock gave a firm nod, lips twitching up in a slight smile.
The fawn looked up and his gaze met John's, a small smile quirked at the corner of his Cupid bow lips.
John stopped as the fawn did, feeling a flush creep up the nape of his neck and darken his ears. He nodded quickly in agreement, unable to force himself to talk again for fear of embarrassing himself further. He frowned a bit as Fawnlock mentioned the opinions of other humans, and John stepped closer, gently reaching out to place a hand on the other's shoulder. "Well, they're all obviously idiots. I've never seen anything as brilliant as you my entire life." Unsure, he patted the shoulder softly before removing his hand and moving to continue walking, willing the blush away with every brisk step.
Sherlock flashes John a soft surprised look, a flush burning across his pale cheeks. He leans closer to John, looking back through the telescope, "T-thank you, John. I guess."
"Yes of course. Let me just rinse the suds out of your hair first."
The fawn reached out to pluck a biscuit from the platter the elder Fea'd set them on, not denying that partial truth. His ears twitched, and he gave and appetitive bleat, Mrs. Hudson spotted Moosecroft standing in the doorway right behind John, she smiled fondly.
The fawn gave John a small smile and nuzzled against his cheek before holding the canteen tighter and standing. He stepped into the water and wadded to the middle of the creek, where he carefully knelt. He dipped the canteen beneath the surface and watched as bubbles surfaced. His tail flicked, splashing the water a bit as he started to hum softly.
Sherlock's eyes widen as he hears the familiar voice and turns to see the familiar face of his friend, "John?" A smile breaks through his severe pout as he pushes out his chair to stand, paperback falling from his lap as he faces his friend.
John shakes his head grateful for the offer but it isn't worth it, "It's only a couple blocks, I walk home all the time."
There was a dull throb on his neck from where Fawnlock had sucked his mark, and it wavered in that wonderful place between pleasure and pain, making John gasp out his mates name in an almost desperate plea.
"Thank you, Winston!" John smiles up at the butler, laughing as he is patted on the head.
Fawnlock let John do his work, he gave a soft smile at his mate's promise to spoil him, the corners of his lips curling slightly. The fawn winced a bit at John put the bandage on his head, he gave another soft pain filled bleat as sitting up pulled on the wounds to his chest a bit. But he still took the cup of water and pills, he gave a slight nod, sniffing the small capsules before popping them into his mouth. He took a gulp of water and swallowed, his tail thumping the table in displeasure at the taste the pills left behind.
John's tongue slipped past his lips a few times, then he looked up as Fawnlock asked his question. He smiled and glanced up to the roof of the den, mind running through what a wedding actually entailed.
John grinned at the similarity between the two, and moved further into the cottage to pull off his apron and hang it up beside the pantry. He moved to stand beside his mate, watching him huff and fuss, but knowing underneath it, he was happy to have the approval of his sibling. As Fawnlock nibbled at his biscuit, John leaned in and kissed his cheek as it puffed out, full of sugar and jam.
"Mummy should be home around ten..." He looks at the clock, it is six pm now. "Um... do you think Mycroft will let you stay?" John asks this bashfully, scared that Sherlock would think him to be a coward for not wanting to be alone.
John was perhaps a little more than addicted to the warmth of having Fawnlock in his arms or vice versa. He felt complete when they were together, like two halves of a whole finally joined. He hadn't released just how anxious he'd been feeling without the fawn. He was so hopelessly smitten. Even as Fawnlock was sniffing and scenting him, John was drawing in deep breaths of is mate as well, needing that earthy, warm smell that was now so wonderfully interlaced with John. Maybe the fawn's persistently scenting was just wearing off of him. He certainly loved when Fawnlock did it.
"Ah, yeah, seems simple enough... what could go wrong?" John looks at the pieces and picks one up.
Sherlock moves closer to his short friend, suppressing a giggle, "It's okay John, I'll climb up and then help you, okay?" He reaches up a grabs the lowest branch, nimbly pulling himself up. He crouches low on the sturdy branch, a hand on the trunk to steady himself. Sherlock reaches down a hand, palm out to John, who's still pouting a little, "Come on John, friends help each other, right?" He asks.
He sighed happily, nosing against Fawnlock's ear and whispering softly to him. "I know it’s only been a few days, but I've never been happier in my entire life, then the time I've spent with you." He leaned back enough to stare into those pale, beautiful eyes and smiled softly. "I love you Fawnlock. With every bit of my heart."
"She really scares me sometimes..." He admits to Sherlock.
So, I'm going to start editing this adorable fic for you all - continuity, grammar and spelling. We wrote this soooo long ago.
"There, it should hold a good few handfuls of berries." The pouch sized similarly to one of the fawn's large hands.
As Fawnlock's nuzzled and rubbed, John's hands went around his mate's stomach, resting gently against his taut abdomen and running his fingers through the soft, smooth fur there.
that must have been what he was hiding before.
My my my, my my my, my-my my-my."
Once at the Holmes residence. John and Sherlock sprint, giggling toward Sherlock's room wanting to get their home work done so they can spend the rest of the weekend in each other's company, uninterrupted.
"Only wood that has absorbed salt, so driftwood mostly, though some woods smell nice when you burn them." Explains Sherlock with a grin. He takes back his stick, poking a marshmallow on the end and sticking it over the flames. "You want to try putting one on?" He asks, pointing to the stack of wood. He likes his new friend, Sherlock really did, John was fun and not boring. John didn't think he was a freak either.
The fawn's ears twitched slightly, "Everyone?" He murmured almost silently, tail thumbing once more. His head tilted and his ears flicked down slightly in thought, "Nothing's ever really easy anyway, that's why I never really tried looking for friends or a mate.. There was no point." Fawnlock gave a slight shrug, hands gently squeezing the human's shoulders lightly. He leaned forward slightly, moving so his nose just barely brushed John's. "But it seems I didn't even need to look very hard either way and I was wrong.. There is a point." The corner of the fawn's lips lifted slightly in a smile.
"Hey Captain," John gives his now normal greeting for his friend, sitting down beside him, brown bag in hand. Carton of milk in the other. "Watchya readin?"  He asks, pulling out a thermos of soup, crackers and an apple. Simple lunch, but tasty.
"Aw, the little fags are skipping off down the yellow brick road together?" The older boy laughs at his own ridiculous joke before turning his wicked gaze onto the boys again.
Sherlock huffs, "Don't call me Sherly, or I'll call you Myky..." He pouts slightly before he follows John, striding beside him. Mycroft just rolls his eyes at his brother.
Sherlock looks up to their mother, "We're spending the weekend, you asked us to after school ended." He looks to his older brother with panicked eyes, why didn't mummy remember?
The fawn nuzzled against John and stayed still for a few moments before he wriggled slightly to lay his cheek back atop John's shoulder, turning his head slightly to press a warm kiss to his mate's scar. He leant up into his mate's touches, the rumble sounding softly and vibrating his chest.
The Fae turned his head, ears twitching as dropped a kiss to the top of John's head, the rumble sounding quietly in his chest and echoing throughout the wood.
"I know, but I can't help it... He gives me this wood then doesn't trust me with it after so long." Fawnlock huffed softly, nuzzling into John's palm, before placing a kiss there. He hummed softly, ears twitching.
Fawnlock wrapped his arms around his mate's shoulders, snuffling softly, squeezing John.
Mycroft carries his brother to his room and settles him into bed to wait for John. Sherlock curls up on his bed, gripping his stuffed bee as Mycroft handed it to him. He snores softly, murmuring sleepily occasionally.
"Mummy?"  John yawns, staring up at his mother half lidded.
Sherlock nods eagerly and takes John's hand to lead him, though it's more like dragging, through the large house and through the back door with a bounce in every step. "Here we are! That," Sherlock pointed to a rather large and old looking oak, "is my thinking tree."
Fawnlock squeezed John's fingers, ears flicking as he nuzzled into John. He nestled as close as he could, pressing a kiss to Johnms neck. The fawn's tail swished in the water as John pressed kisses to his sensitive antlers. The Fae leaned into John, huffing a soft bleat as the kisses trailed to his hair, murmuring in his native tongue
"Everyone wants to get on with their life, forget the unpleasantness of the day and relax after a day of hell on earth... Or as adults call it 'school'" the rugby player chuckles softly. Finally spotting a break in the flow, Greg back the car out quickly, earning a few honks from berks who think the world revolves around them. The older teen rolls his eyes as they exit the lot.
"As you wish." Mycroft leaves the room to get the rest of the things for Sirius, deciding to leave them alone after.
"To be gay, with you. I know we're just kids, but you've got to wonder sometimes about the things we'd do as adults."
It takes a moment for her to respond, but she does and with a tiny smile, "My boys.... hello Sherly, Myky..." She squeezes Mycroft's hand when he takes hers in his. It helped a bit.
"Well...there's a ceremony....it differs depending on what sort of religion you follow. An exchange of vows and rings...they share names. And then there is usually a big party with lots of food and dancing. It’s a celebration...lots of fun for everyone. Then there's a honeymoon. The newly wedded couple goes on a vacation...and well... Consummates the marriage"
He nuzzles his nose into John's hair. After a bit, he pulls away, "I'll check and see if it's safe." He stands and quietly moves to open the door.
He peers up at Mycroft and Mrs. Watson, "Are we going now?" He asks excitedly, practically vibrating in his spot.
Mycroft looks down at his little brother and immediately regrets it.  He can never resist Sherlock's puppy dog eyes. Mycroft looks away, shaking his head and smiling.
John yawned and rubbed his face, climbing to his feet, a bit wobbly before heading to the kitchen. He saw the damp rag and could figure out what it was used for, and decided he might and well clean himself up as well. Rubbing off the dried patched on his stomach and shoulder, he then wrung out the rag and tossed it into a basket of dirty laundry by the back door to be washed later. He wondered briefly about getting dressed into some pajamas, but had the odd feeling Fawnlock would huff in protest had that been the case. He settled for wrapping a blanket from their nest around him and padding over to the burning embers of the fire, prodding at it with a poker till it stoked up once more, filling the room with warmth.
The Fawn watched John work on his arm, it didn't really surprise him at how gentle the human was being, even putting something on the wound to numb the pain, which it did perfectly. The fawn's head tilted as the human spoke and a small smile curved his lips, "Nothing could scare me away, I'm guardian of the Wood, John." He gave a little huff, but a half-hearted one. Fawnlock watched silently as the human rewrapped his arm, head tilted curiously. "I thrive on danger." His gaze flickered and he stared down at his loose fist on his thigh, tightening it slightly, "Well most of the time that is." He ears dropped slightly as the tiniest flush tinted his cheeks. "I heal quickly, anyway John. You've no real need to worry." His ears flicked slightly and he watched the human for several moments, pale gaze flitting about. The fawn sighed softly as his ears dropped once more, "Usually wargs know better to leave other creatures be if I say so, but the packs have been restless this season. Not many other creatures in the wood would attack a human, they know better." He sighed softly, he would have to go find the warg in the morning, punishing it sufficiently. He didn't like punishing his charges, but the warg could've hurt or killed this wonderful, not so ordinary man, who Fawnlock found he was becoming fond of quickly.
John hummed and touched the wildflowers crowning the fawn's mess of curls; he longed for spring, and then his rough fingers would work those delicate flowers into crowns for his mate, and hopefully catch that same wonderful, happy smile. And the pages turned more, and John witnesses their father cradling that small toddler with such obvious love, John couldn't help but smile.
Awhile later the takeaway delivery rings and John buzzes them in.  As they wait for the delivery man to arrive at the door he gathers the money.
John quickly snatched up a hand to his mouth, biting into his palm to muffle the cry that ripped free of his throat. He shook beneath his mate, eyes clenched shut until he managed to suck down a breath and stare back up at that smug smirk, blond lashes wet.
A smile soon painted his Cupid bow lips, as he leant down to press soft kisses over John's face, "You should always play fair when romping, John, or else I'm allowed to play dirty as well." The Fae chuckled softly as he pressed a kiss to John's nose, "Would you like me to play dirty, John."
Fawnlock pulled his hands from John's grip, only to wrap his arms around his mate's torso, his fingers curling into the thin fabric of John's shirt. The fawn nuzzled against John's shoulder and let his damp nose rub against the junction of John's neck and shoulder, snuffling softly, tail swishing back and forth in contentment.
The couple christen the new nest before it's even finished.
John settled in to hear Fawnlock's story, which was punctuated with nuzzles and kisses, that almost nearly distracted the blond. But he hung on every word spoken in that rich, deep baritone, flexing his arms to hold his mate tighter as he revealed bits of his past.
"The berry bushes aren’t far." He said, padding down the trail, eyes always on the forest. John walked beside the fawn, hand in hand, back to watching the woods along with his companion, taking note of the deer paths and the trees and rocks that littered the path.
John smiled and dropped his gaze to set the items back into the case, sealing it up into his backpack and then dropping his hands to rub sheepishly at his knees. "Well...still...thanks. Even if it's your job." His tanned cheeks had grown slightly ruddy every time their eyes met, slightly embarrassed with his desperate urge to stare. He didn't want the creature to leave; he was the most fascinating thing John had ever seen in his life, in all his travels. "Is there something I can call you? Or...maybe you don't have a name like me."
Niko has chapter 7 tidied up and gift wrapped for you!
John reached down and set his hand on the fawn's hip, holding him close as he suffered the barrage of adoring kisses with grace. John tilted his head to catch a kiss on his mouth instead, capturing those plush lips against his own with a contented hum.
"Mrs. Hudson's owls?" He asked, looking back and forth from the fawn to the bird, than carefully reaching out the run a hand down the bird's downy wing.
In the light, he better see the wounds, and checking Fawnlock's pulse and pupils, he then went and grabbed his first aid kit, setting it beside the fawn and began cleaning the deep cuts, holding the gauze to them to stop his bleeding. As he held the sterile bandages to Fawnlock's chest, the fawn barely flinched as John put pressure on the wounds to his chest, he dug through the kit and found a hypodermic needle filled with a pain killer. Taking it out of the sterile package, he flicked the tip and gave the fae the shot, holding him still and pushing the curls from his face to check his head for wounds, since there was more blood there.
John takes the paper and looks it over, cocking his head to the side.
John glanced up as the hands lifted into his hair, sighing softly as fingers combed through and touched his scalp. His eyes almost drifted shut, but at the fawn's question, they snapped back open. He wasn't embarrassed, not really. They'd done a bit together after all, and both of them seemed to enjoy it very much.
John was watching Fawnlock's face nervously as his mate inspected the nest he'd built. He hadn't had much to go on besides making it comfortable, and hurrying, because anytime spent away from the fae was like ripping off a limb. As horrid as a job as it’d been, the fawn seemed happy with it, if his kiss was to be any indication.
"No need to sulk. I'm here with you now." He squeezes his hand again, this time to remind Sherlock to he is real too. "Lets look for insects along the fence line."
"Good, good...it won't be a total shock when we turn up on her doorstep in the middle of the night." His fingers rubbed at Fawnlock's hip, and he fell into step after the hovering owl, shooting the creature a pleasant smile for helping them.
The man flashed a wider smile up at Moosecroft, though he was hardly on John's favorite people list for what he'd put Fawnlock through. But he was family, and having him approve of their bond was important to his mate, no matter how strongly he had insisted he didn't need it.
As he moaned into John's mouth, the man returned the sound with his own thick groan, already keyed up to the point he felt as if his skin might split.
"M-Mycroft Holmes." He takes Greg's hand and shakes it, shocked at his stutter. How did he have this effect on him? He didn't even hear his brother respond as he talks to Greg.
"You sure you don't want anything else?"
And I told you to be balanced,
"You're my best friend, John, my only friend, I don't ever want to lose you."
John laces their fingers, shifting closer and lays his head on Sherlock's. The peace that they had made when they met at the beach returns and he is happy.  No one can take that from him.
After they were both satisfied, and Fawnlock was warmed to the very core by his mate's words, the fawn bleated softly, burrowing into his mates embrace, careful of his antlers. He panted softly against at the warm skin of John's neck, his tail swishing lazily, ears dropping in exhaustion.
The Fae huffed softly as his mate started to get up, but accepted the fact that perhaps he needed to eat something before he saw Moosecroft.
"The bad ones don't have cheetahs!"  John exclaims, nearly yanking Sherlock's arm out of its socket when he sees the cheetahs by the African elephants.
The fawn swiped his thumb over the head of John's cock, gathering beads of pre-ejaculate to smear around his love's prick. Fawnlock sped up his hand, other dark hand snaking down to stroke over the warm skin of John's inner thighs, the purr-like rumble vibrating through his chest to John's body. The fawn bowed his head slightly to pepper the golden columned his mate's throat, nipping lightly.
John listened to Fawnlock's theories, nodding as he put together things for their lunch. That made sense, since it was the fae himself John was connected to. Maybe through understanding Fawnlock, he would learn to speak and read the language as well. His mate seemed absolutely thrilled with this new development, and John was glad to be the source of something that made him so happy. John went down to the cellar and fished out another bag for Fawnlock, helping him strap it on his shoulders in a way that wouldn't aggravate his wounds.
Despite all his hardships, the fawn had turned out wonderfully, brilliant and sweet, and so loving. John leaned his head against his taller mate's shoulder, watching as he turned the pages and admired the portraits.
Once he pulled on pants and denims, and found a soft, comfy jumper and vest, John turned to face the fawn, who instantly reached out for John and buried his face in the woolen bit of clothing.
The taller boy smiles, fingers running over the smooth surface of the medallion save the Jolly Roger carved into the front. He gives John a grin, squeezing his fingers, "You really are the best first mate ever." John blushes and smiles, looking down, at his feet.
"I'm fine," Sherlock squeezes John's fingers reassuringly before looking to Greg, "We're supposed to wait at the library." Greg nods.
Sherlock sighs a pushes back from his cluttered desk, leaving the experiment to go dig out his homework from his bag.
"Mycroft?" John interrupts his train of thought. "May I have that." He holds his hand out for the booklet.
Fawnlock felt a jolt as the human touched his shoulder and followed John when he walked away. His head tilted as he watched the human once more, "I believe they were scared," he huffed softly, staring up at the stars beginning to peek out into the evening sky, "They had guns, it's the survival instinct," he muttered softly, peering through the trees warily, now that the darkness was seeping into the Wood, the Fawn thought it better to keep a better watch over this human.
"Thank you, John." He mumbles, fingers working gently through John's hair, it was oddly soothing, the fawn felt as if a nice fuzzy blanket of calm was wrapped around the pair.
The fawn smiled back at his love, his purring loudening once more as John rubbed his hip. Fawnlock had ignored it up till now, but now that his mate's hand was there, he became aware of his aroused prick. John was cupping him, the fawn whimpered softly, worrying his bottom lip between his teeth.
"You helped me with the maze, and well, for just being my friend," Sherlock explains softly, a small shy smile on his lips. He shrugs slightly, stroking the back of his index finger over Sirius' velvet fur.
The three adults looking at different things in the room, occasionally looking over at the boys. When the two of them are stopped staring up at the dinosaur, Mycroft decides this is the perfect time for a picture. He whips out his phone and snaps a flash free photo of the two boys with their necks craned to look up, fingers interlaced as they stand shoulder to shoulder. Mycroft's heart warms; he's happiest when Sherlock is happy.
John flicked his tongue over the fawn's navel, then shifted down further, nuzzling at the dense dark curls that trailed down his mate's lean abdomen.
Who would dare to hurt his brother? The poor thing, he hasn't got any friends, so why hurt him too? Isn't the emotional damage enough for those bullies?
Knowing he'd be cold when he returned, John went and made Fawnlock a cup of tea, stealing a few swigs of it before sweetening it up with sugar and honey as he liked. Then John waited patiently for his lovely mate to return.
Fawnlock looked over their unfinished nest, tail swishing in slight irritation. It was a mussy, though the smell was delightful, he could admit but still, they hadn't finished yet. The fawn huffed softly as he looked back down at John, settling his dark palms atop John's chest, speckled fingertips brushing his mate's collarbones.
The fawn nodded along as his mate spoke, gaze flicking over John with a soft smile on his lips. As John pressed his lips to the fawn's, Fawnlock's ears flicked and he bleated softly. He pouted softly as his mate pulled away, tail swishing in slight irritation until he caught the familiar scent of his books.
Mycroft had noticed the change in the atmosphere as Sherlock and mummy had been reading, but Sherlock stopped and snapped his book shut.  Their aunt hadn't told him anything and he wouldn't force it out of her. It just hurts to see Sherlock so confused and upset.
John was panting just as hard when the kiss broke, gasping for a gulp of air as he tilted his head back against the mound of pillows and blankets. He licked his lips again and again, as if savoring the taste of the fawn's lips, the taste of the kiss.
"I'm coming Sherly!"  Mycroft rushes to chase after his baby brother, glad he released his hand when decided to make them move faster.  Somehow John keeps up. Mycroft - not a runner, just accepts he's doing his best to keep up, as he knows his baby brother accepts.
"Sure, why not." Mycroft smiles, wanting them to get the most out of this. It is impressive to have two young boys were thrilled about learning, more so than watching mind-numbingly stupid cartoons.
But it will be a different kind,
The fawn scooted further to help John with access to his curls. Fawnlock gave a soft bleat as his mate began to lather his curls, the fawn wriggling slightly. He leant in his mate's hands, murmuring softly, tail swishing under the water, stirring it slightly. His hair had always been a wonderfully sensitive part of him, paired with his delicate antlers and responsive ears, his whole scalp could be one large sweet spot.
Fawnlock let out threatening snort and flashed his antlers once more, bing maimed by a Fea was bad enough by magics, but by their physical assets, was terrifying, the warg's ears flattened slightly as it took another step back into the other bank's brush.
As Fawnlock spoke about their ceremony and what he'd like, John reached over and pulled the fae's willowy body over into his lap, wanting to be close as possible. As his mate spoke of his ruff, John lifted a hand up to run his fingers through it, trying to picture the fawn without the thick, downy fur around his neck. And the choker that would hang around his throat. Imagining anything around the long neck, accentuating it and framing the lean muscles and collar… hmm…
John hummed and slid his arms down around Fawnlock's waist, hand settling against his soft belly and stroking it gently beneath the water.
After a bit of climbing Sherlock stops at a good branch and holds out a hand for John. "Here," He pulls his friend up next to him and swings his legs over the branch, settling against the trunk, watching John do the same.
John smiled with the declaration of love, having no problem hearing it a thousand times a day in a thousand different ways. Tilting his head down, he let his mate wash away the soap, closing his eyes and patiently feeling the splash of water trickle down his scalp and neck. The fawn pulled away after he was done, pressing a kiss to John's nose.
The fawn leant back into John, careful of his antlers as he rubbed his furred cheek against John's basically bare one. He huffed softly, ears twitching, feeling his mate's love radiate between them as he reached out with his own through their strengthening bond.
John really hadn't been expected the rock of his mate's hips rolling down against his own, and the sudden friction against his groin. John's fingers tightened in the fur he was grasping, and he bit back an almost embarrassing moan, his head tilting back against the pillows as he arched up and pulled Fawnlock down against him again.
A rumbling started up low in the fawn's chest, as he leant into John more. His lips trailed up to the human's cheek, damp nose sliding over John's skin. He pressed a soft kiss to John's lips, his eyes fluttering closed and his ears twitching. He trailed a hand up John's side to cup the side of his neck, the other resting at the human's hip.
Mycroft smiles brilliantly at his baby brother and kisses the top of his head, ruffling his curls affectionately.
Fawnlock smiled and nuzzled into John, careful of his antlers, "Thank you John." He pulled back slightly, ears twitching. His tail thumbed the nest once more as his smile lessened slightly, just a curve of his lips. "And you have me." The fawn gave a nod, nose twitching. He looked back down at their intertwined hands and squeezed the human's fingers gently. It was nice to know he had someone too be there, other than Mrs. Hudson. Truth be told, he could never always be certain of how Moosecroft felt towards him at the time, it irritated the fawn.
John listened with interest as his mate explained the physiology behind scent marking. The doctor part of him found it fascinating- of course fae had different biology than humans. John strained to remember the habits of deer and other animals, how the scent marked for territorial reasons. Staking their claim, like Fawnlock was staking his claim on John. So the fawn didn't just rub and nuzzle on anyone, this was meant for John alone. He hadn't done that with Mrs. Hudson, just gentle touches here and there.
The fawn stopped for a moment at the opening of the clearing before huffing slightly, and following John. A thrill ran through Fawnlock, he was going to see inside of John's den, a real human den, his lips curled as his ears perked with intrigue.  He followed the human to the door and watched as a warm glow was revealed within, he stepped inside, the considerably warmer air causing his to shiver slightly, and followed the human's actions, seeing as his feet were muddy like John's had been. He stepped off the thick piece of cloth, and looked around, eyes taking in everything and their possible uses... Oh the experiments he could do in here, if John would allow it. His tail flicked happily and he looked around, less wary than before, now extremely curious. The human's word finally broke through his daze and he turned to John, "I eat most anything, though I don't really like..." He paused, looking for the right human word, "Hmmm, made with chemicals, I believe." He frowned slightly at the language barrier that'd suddenly popped up.
Harry continues pounding on the door screaming for several minutes, but after at least twenty minutes it goes quiet and staggering footsteps sound off as Harry stumbles away.
All that mattered to John was keeping the fawn happy, even though it hadn't proved difficult yet. With a hum, he swallowed his mouthful and nodded, sopping up a bit more yolk with his toast.
They were in a sort of limbo, where the world around them slowed and only they existed within it. It was paradise, with the soft sound of that rumbling purr a sweet symphony to John. The soup was still cooking away, so John decided to finish the rest of their conversation.
The fawn nodded slowly and ducked under a fallen tree, turning to watch the human. His ears twitched slightly, a small smile tugging his lips, "Yes my home. It may be a tad messy though." He murmured, ears flicking, he pushed some more branches away to reveal the massive oak. Hollowed out and a large flap of soft leather acting as an entrance. The fawn swept the flap aside and ducked inside, then held it for John. He let the leather go, moving to sit on the small nest of leaves, grasses, quilts, and old books that served as his bed. His fingers moved to stroke his scarf, eyes going to the small baubles, tomes, and such he kept about, most in baskets he'd weaved from reeds. "Would you like me to start a fire?" The fawn asked softly, gesturing to the small fire pit by the wall. Ducking under the flap, John stepped into the hollowed tree and straightened up, looking around the inside of the den. He glanced back at the fawn before wandering around to look at the woven baskets  and the bundle of leaves  that made up the nest. He hesitated though, surely it was a faux pas to go poking around what was essentially another person's bed. At the mention of a fire, he smiled and nodded, pulling off his pack and setting it down against the smooth wooden wall.
The fawn nodded slightly, the owl cooed softly and Fawnlock tilted his head. He huffed softly before letting the owl flap its wings and fly off. He peered up into the canopy with a grimace.
"I like the eleventh doctor, his bow tie is awesome."
John was grinning broadly as he swallowed a mouthful of the delicious soup, setting his bowl down to watch as Fawnlock picked and sniffed at the bread. It was store bought, as baking was something that still intimidated John. He made a mental note to have Mrs. Hudson help him with that, since going by her cookies, she was quite ace at it.
"Ah, thank you," Greg gives a shy nod, rubbing the back of his neck. He flushes slightly once again, "uh, sure... It may be a tad bit messy."
The young Fae smiled, the rumbling vibrating through his chest, it was traditional that the Patriarch of a family be the one to make all the new crests for their family's new mates. "What would you like? A pendant, I think that'd suit you best or perhaps maybe a ring." The fawn hummed softly, turning his hands in John's to grasp his mate's fingers and intertwine them with the fawn's own. "Is it traditional for human mates to give rings during their ceremony? We can mingle the traditions together."
The fawn traveled down, stopping at John's knees, placing a warm kiss on each before he nuzzled his way back up to John's tummy, the fawn gently rested his chin there, smiling softly across the body of his mate, the body he'd claimed as his. John was reduced to soft murmurs as the fawn nuzzled his way back up to John's stomach, and the weight of the fawn pressed down against him was absolutely marvelous. He looked down at his mate and smiled back, setting his hand over Fawnlock's, petting each speckled finger
Mycroft finds himself double checking his locker door before he replies.  What would he tell Winston and his brother?
Sherlock nods, "Yeah, the back yard," he grabs John's hand once more with a small smile on his lips.
Mycroft shifts in his seat and smiles, "What if we go to the Summer Home for a couple weeks when school lets out? I'm sure you can find a friend there to play with and maybe do your experiments with."
"Winston, can you fetch John for us?  I'd think it'd be a nice surprise for Sherly when he wakes."
Fawnlock snuffled into John's neck, snorting softly at John's teases.
The fawn cupped his hands for John to put more berries in, "Mrs. Hudson says these berries make excellent the jam she uses in some of her biscuits." He murmured. He popped another berry into his mouth and gave a soft bleat.
'It's like Harry says, I screw up everything... that's why I don't have friends... Not long before Sherlock changes his mind.'
"Brother, I know you're curious about John and I's.. Unusual bond," the fawn didn't like to think of their mating that way, but still, Fawnlovk felt it was easier to just try his best to appease his brother and King.
"They are," Mycroft offers his arm to her, being a gentleman.  "M'lady."
Fawnlock watched with curious eyes as John collected a jumper that looked too long for the human and a bit too big too, and then used a pair of scissors to snip to collar of the knitted jumper. He stood still as John tugged the jumper on the fawn, carefully slipping the material over his delicate antlers, and settling the jumper on his arms and such.
"Sherlock!" Boldly, John wraps his arms around Sherlock, hugging him tightly.
"Um... I'm ready I guess." Was supposed to share the bed with Sherlock?
Sherlock nods, "It's okay, older siblings can do that sometimes." He tries to explain before searching through his satchel and pulling out a hanky, handing it to John, "You're my best friend John, I'm supposed to make you feel better, right, that's what friends do?" He asks softly. John sniffles again and takes the hanky, wiping his nose with it. He looks to Sherlock when he calls him his best friend.
A little blush crept over the fawn's cheeks under his fur, "John, do you have something to put water in? I can wade to where the water's cleaner for you." He offered softly. John shook the water droplets from his hair and smoothed it back with a smile.
Mentions of the wargs brought him back to the first day they'd met, when neither of them had known each other, yet still Fawnlock had protected him, defended him. Loved him. Because it was only pure, selfless love that made you leap out to protect a stranger. John wiggled closer, pressing his smaller body under the fawn's arm.
"That's pretty much the point, isn't it? We're kids, how can they say things like that about us?"
As he moved, John butted his head gently at the hand in his hair, reassuring the fae that his grip wasn't bothering him at all, and in fact, he rather liked the desperate tugs. He hummed around the underside of the fawn's prick, the sound vibrating down through the twitching flesh weighing heavy on his tongue. He was determined to live up to his promise and make sure Fawnlock felt good, amazing even. And if all the noises his mate was making was any indication, he was doing a fairly decent job of it.
With John's absence, the nest felt a bit cold, so the fawn burrowed against the side and curled up, ears flicking and chin propped on the rim of cushions and pillows so he could watch his mate cook. His low rumble continued, though it waned without John cuddled up against him. The Fae's tail swished as he watched John, a small smile curving his Cupid bow lips.
"You weren't here, I... I thought you wouldn't come back. It was all too much, John" Sherlock's voice was quiet and he sounded.. So broken. this wasn't the brilliant Sherlock John knew, this was different creature entirely.. Trapped in his love's body, trying to claw its way out.
"Besides, I learned about rocks and minerals in school, don't you pay attention during lessons?" He asks as he lifts the glass to reflect light. He turns it in the light. "Suppose it's coloring is similar," he mumbles quietly, handing the shard back to John.
Harry cocks an eyebrow when John only says brother but doesn't comment on it. She doesn't like that look on Sherlock's face, something about this kid bothers her.
Though he admonished Fawnlock's rebuke at the offer, when his brother gave in with a reluctant huff, Moosecroft couldn't help but smile. That fuss was probably as good as he was going to get, and he dipped his head in acquiesce. Anderfawn was actually busy with a task the King had sent him upon. Employing glamour to disguise himself as he went to the human realm to broker peace with the local law enforcement in the small town a bit away from the forest. It was the same town John went to collect his supplies from, and though it was no major city, it was worth the chance to reach out to the world beyond. And now that his brother had formed a bond with a human, it was even more important to unite the two worlds.
There are 'NO RUNNING' signs sparsely scattered around the museum, the security guard doesn't say anything as the boys run by him, the boys were genuinely just thrilled to learn, they weren't fooling around. They have a purpose- a goal - a thirst for knowledge. "Those boys are absolute sweethearts." He compliments Mycroft, Mrs. Watson, and Winston as they trail after them.
Sherlock wades into the pool carefully and gently picks up a shell, examining it before placing it in his satchel. He spots a small crab and kneels to examine the tiny crustacean with interest. He barely even notices the other boy who's approaching the pools.
John hadn't seen any bit of the fawn that he didn't like, but then he hadn't seen these experiments performed either. Maybe John was keeping him too occupied with his Johness. Burning down the forest sounded a bit horrifying however.
The fawn gave a fond smile as he took the shampoo and he fiddled with the cap, smiling sheepishly as his mate helped him with it. The Fae turned in John's lap, folding his legs on either side of John's thighs. He squirted a dollop into his dark palm, rubbing the soup in his palms he moved to lather the shampoo through John's short sand hair.
Sherlock quickly noticed that his mother wasn't listening, he looked up at his mum with a small frown on his young face. He snapped the book shut, his frown deepened when the loud sound elicited no reaction from her. He turned to frown at Mycroft from across the room, where he sat reading the paper. He huffed slightly, staring up at his mother still.
The taller boy smiles softly, "The Curious Case of the Mystery Plant." Offers Sherlock after a few moments of thinking, little fingers steepled and index fingers tapping his little Cupid's bow lips.
The older teen nods, blushing lightly at the mention of the older brother, "Kinda, I'm Greg Lestrade, you Holmes are beanstalks..." He chuckles softly before looking the pair over, "You two okay though, he didn't hurt you right?"
"Oh, nice to meet you Mrs. Watson. Thank you, I've done my best in bringing Sherlock up to be a tremendous individual."
"Thank you again," John says to Greg with a smile, settling at a table with Sherlock, bags on the desk top.
John Watson, just turned age nine and barely hitting three feet and two-quarters is wandering down the beach his family had dragged him to for the summer. His sister Harry is off looking for some pretty girls instead of watching him the way she was supposed to. So here he is, wandering down the beach, dragging a stick he had found. Bored and lonely. There are no other kids around right now. Too early in the season and too early in the morning. The sun is beautiful and warms his skin, the ocean licks at his feet. At least it's a nice day.
He mostly liked living with only his brother and the house's staff, which was the butler/driver and a housekeeper who both cooked. But sometimes he missed the comfort of his mum, but Mycroft tried his hardest and he was grateful for that, he wasn't the little selfish brat everyone thought he was.
"Thanks for inviting me over for lunch." He says to the Holmes brothers, climbing into one of the nice wooden chairs.
John watched the fawn with a happy smile. Obviously Fawnlock didn't wear clothing, having the layer of fur. But still John couldn't bear the thought of the fawn wandering about the cold winter night with a single scrap of cloth to keep him warm. The blond stared over the edge of his teacup as Fawnlock explained about the portal to the faeworld and the wood, and how they were connected. "So fae like you...and Mrs. Hudson, I suppose, are stuck in the wood all winter? Are there other fae here as well? There must be...it's such a big forest." John finished the cup and set it back down beside the tray of biscuits. "What do you do during the witching hour...if it's alright to ask that."
"Best friend?" He is shocked. No one had ever called him that. "Yeah. That's what they do I suppose." He gives a choked laugh and hugs Sherlock. "You're my best friend too Sherlock!"
Fawnlock wriggled slightly as John spoke in his native tongue, the corners of his Cupid bow lips quirked up in an excited smile.
He stretched his long legs out intron of him, arching his back, stretching. The Fae gathered his knees against his chest, arms locked around his legs. The fawn's ears twitched as he listened to the nearby rustling and thuds of the human gathering materials for a nest. The fawn of course decided to somehow bring his quilts and books to John's cottage, he wanted his scent in John's home as well, and so John could remember.
"We can use Mycroft's telescope tonight, he said so, we can stargaze." He smiles at his friend.
Sherlock chuckles and scrubs his thumb over John's knuckles, in an affectionate manner, "Mycroft will be happy to see you, and you'll like Mary, our cook, she's nice and makes yummy biscuits."
"And here we are." He stepped forward to the door, and looked to John to undo the human things he did to protect their den.
"Sorry!" John gives him a toothy grin, silently promising to be more careful. They get to read the information on the Cheetahs, smiling widely.  Fascinating.  He goes to every part of the room, reading everything on all of the animals.  After a while, they are done and John's stomach growls.
"It's one of the savanna's most important and interesting big cats." He begins spewing off random facts, glad that his best friend is listening intently even though they are running to the exhibit.
Greg chuckles softly as he leans against the desk, hands in the pockets of his jacket, "Not a problem, John." He looks up when Mycroft approaches, swallowing nervously.
Sherlock snaps out of his gaze, blinking at John, "Uh, so take out?" He asks, taking John's hand, worrying his lip between his teeth once more. He squeezes John's fingers, pulling him towards the kitchen.
John grinned with the permission, reaching for the bottle of shampoo tucked away on the alcove set in the wall above the tub. He poured a generous dallop into his palm and then began to lather up Fawnlock's hair, scrubbing gently over his scalp and cleaning the thick curls.
A few hours later they arrive, and Sherlock pretty much jumps out of the limo to the boot to grab his bags.
As they approached the clearing where the elder fae lived, the door to the cottage flew open.
"I've got it."  He takes Sherlock's hand instead and walks to the kitchen where there is an island with chairs surrounding it.  He places the takeaway bag on the table and then goes to fetch the tableware.
"So please do ask away." The fawn rolled his eyes slightly, with a soft huff and a tail swish, knowing his brother well. Always wanting to know everything about everyone, so nosey with his spying birds. Fawnlock tapped his speckled fingertips at against one another in a soft drum, ears twitching expectantly as he gazed at his brother, lips quirked up slightly on one side. John’s hand still laying reassuringly on the fawn’s knee.
"Not a problem." Sherlock spoons his soup in silence, moving to his wantons soon after, he sips some water.
His damp nose and cheek rubbed against the wool as Fawnlock nuzzled into John's belly, snuffling softly, tail swishing against the bare mattress. The fawn's dark palms and speckled digits explored his mate's wool-clad lower back, the speckled digits tapping out a slow rhythm on a the vertebrae of John's lower spine, like they were ivory keys on a baby grand, a small shy smile curling his Cupid bow lips.
"No, I don't... I don't want to eat right now."  John takes Sherlock's hand and clutches it tightly.
He huffed softly, ears twitching and tail swishing, "There's no need to feel sad, John. What's in the past is in the past, I've put it behind me. Though things may come up now and again to remind me, I won't let it trouble me any longer. I may miss my Maman, but I have Mrs. Hudson to help, I may miss my father, but I'm patching this back together with Moosecroft. And I have you to remind me of a wonderful future." He murmured softly, the rumble vibrating through his chest as he reached out to turn the page, speckled digits twitching as they brushed over the rough paper.
The fawn gave John a soft smile and leaned forward to nuzzle into John, he gave another soft bleat, "No, there isn't, I love you John." Murmured the Fae, "Let me rinse your hair."
Mycroft steps in, looking around the entrance and into the sitting room.
The weekend finds Winston letting the Holmes brothers out in front of John Watson's apartment complex. He smiles brilliantly, waving after the brothers in case they don't need him to drive. He waits patiently to make sure they didn't need him or anything else. (Although he is personally excited about the trip and wants to go too, shhh....)
John steps onto the curb, moving to pay the cabbie before he pulled his coat tighter around himself, it was colder in London than in the deserts of Afghanistan. He grinned as he climbed the steps to the building before him.
He feels pride warming in his chest, only for it to be smacked down at the realization he will now be pestered by the seven-year-old about the rugby player.
As the fae wriggled and squirmed, it only spiked up John's heartbeat, and when he managed to turn around and smirked in victory, John folded down and caught his mouth in a kiss until the wry twist of Fawnlock's mouth had melted away beneath the persistent press. It was completely unfair in the rules of pillow fighting, but John wasn't above such underhanded tactics to win.
Sherlock purses his lips slightly and rocks back onto his bum, "Hmm, maybe, but we're just kids... I don't know if there's much more we can do, we already hold hands all the time, we're always together, we share almost everything.." He steeples his fingers, tapping his indexes against his lips.
"That... that felt..." He blushes. "amazing..."
Fawnlock bleated softly, ears twitching and snuggled closer to John, explaining softly; "Fae children are fast learners and the language comes easily to them, plus our accents are very clear because it's all we know at the time.” The fawn nuzzled at his mate's jaw, snuffling softly, "But don't worry I'll help you," a small smile curled at the corners of the young Fae's lips.
He'd never seen something so gorgeous in all his life. He suspected it was because he had been waiting to find Fawnlock, and he heart had simply been stagnant until then.
"You are my happiness John, I didn't have any true contentment until you stepped foot into my ancient life." He murmured softly, ears flicking.
Fawnlock took up a few biscuits and started to nibble a bit, before dunking a biscuit in his tea and eating it that way, leaning back into his mate as he munched.
John’s heart thudded rapidly in his chest with the prospect of speaking the fawn’s true name, but he was firmly in the mindset that he wasn't going to butcher it, and would definitely aim for attempting once he was better at the language. This made him feel even closer to Fawnlock, and warmth swelled anew within John. At times his love for the fae was almost smothering, suffocating. But he wouldn't have it any other way. He leaned up into Fawnlock's nuzzle, like a cat seeking out the touch that was offered.
Those mumbled, broken words and moans really were lovely, even if John couldn't understand half of it. He didn't have to know exactly what those words meant, because the meaning was so very clear in the tension of his body and the evident pleasure he was receiving from all that John was doing. But it was the drag of his name that really grabbed hold of his heart and stomach, squeezing them both tight with so much feelings he couldn't possibly contain it all in his chest.
"John, ah, that f-feels a-amazing." Sputtered the fawn into John's neck, lips brushing his heated skin. The fire in his belly coiled tighter and tighter, burning the Fae with pleasure that made him feel like he would fly to pieces.
John set his jaw stubbornly; Fawnlock had already given him a bitter taste in his mouth at the thought of the fae's brother. To abandon him like he had, made the fawn so lonely for so long. It was a horrible thing to have done. He may not understand fae custom, but he was sure you never left family behind like that. Fawnlock had someone to stand up for him now though, and John squeezed his hand reassuringly.
The young Fae braced his elbows on the tabletop, pressing his palms together in a prayer-like fashion, silvery gaze locked on his brother's own pale one.
Sherlock nods, "I don't eat much anyway, John, don't worry."
The soft shush of water from the kitchen tap didn't wake him either, as exhausted as he was. He was deep in his dreams, where the fawn's sweet face played part in all his thoughts. Fawnlock spared John one last fond look before he left the cottage, padding towards the gate's clearing. He quickly checked the protection spells on John's cottage, then went on his way into the evening wood.
"Hurry up, Mycroft!" Sherlock tugs slightly on his big brother's hand before releasing it kindly as he and John start running up the museums massive set of stairs at its front.
"Plant life, shells, maybe a few rock bits," He shrugs, "Things that are interesting and would be fun to examine and find out more about."
John ducks as a paper ball is thrown at him as he passes down the halls. Thankfully he doesn't have to walk this alone, Sherlock is by his side.
He takes John's hand, squeezing his fingers, "I'm fine, okay." He smiles, "How long?"
John sat back and watched him kick his feet like a happy child with a treat, feeling the tension seep out of him now that the danger was over. Fawnlock brushed the crumbs from his speckled fingers and licked his lips, tail thumbing against the table.
"Can we? I'd like that, thank you My," he took his brother's hand.
"It will be wonderful...holed up with you through the winter...keeping each other warm and in good company." His fingers trailed around the brush across the fawn's stomach, stroking over the taunt muscle just below his navel. "I can't think of anywhere else I'd rather be."
Harry feels her lips tighten and she tries to not sneer at Sherlock. She didn't like that kid. Annoying. She turns to John again, trying to reign in her temper and failing.
"Well, I don't like it." He sticks his tongue out. Suddenly a smirk plays across his face, the delinquent part in him coming out. "Let's conduct an experiment."
"/Moosecroft got this for me, when we were younger, he was the first to travel into the human world of our family, other than father./" Fawnlock looked down once more, stroking a digit up the neck of the violin, "/When we were very young, there was a group of travelers, camping in our wood, Moosecroft and I had been picking berries after a day of romping. Then I heard one of the most beautiful and calming sounds I've ever heard. Moosecroft followed me as I wandered after it, and we came upon the campers. It felt like we were squatting there for hours in the brush, I was entranced. I loved it, the graceful notes and beautiful hollow body. The Fae have instruments, but nothing like the violin, nothing that could've calmed me like those delicate notes, the Fae mostly sing, but still.../" Fawnlock trailed off to lock his silvery gaze with his mate's deep blue.
"C-cuddles?" He smiled.
There was always something different in the forest. It didn't settle; it was always changing. The plants, the creatures, and especially the creeks and ponds. They all moved with some otherworldly elegance, a world that didn't care about how the Earth was growing and populated beyond it's borders. It operated with its own set of rules, an ancient order that had been carved within the very core of it in stone and wood. While it seemed to let outsiders come and go as they pleased, there was always something that was left behind, some small bit of its visitors that it would keep in tribute. There was always that ache it left in the visitors heart that in left in return, making them yearn for leaf covered floors and sun spotted canopies.
"That's really the job of older siblings." John murmured, though he wasn't denying Fawnlock his worry. In no way was his situation with Harry anywhere near the same level, but she'd terrorized him like a big sister only could. He drew his wonderful, lovely mate close and let him snuffle and scent as he saw fit. John wanted his smell all over his mate, wanted there to be no doubt that the fae was John's, and John wanted him.
Winston and Mycroft share a look, smiling to each other. This is the first time Sherlock has ever had a friend and neither of them could be more proud of him. Mycroft was beginning to worry that he would never try and befriend someone and now that he has... well it has been a blessing. Sherlock is noticeably happier. They just dread when they have to go back to school.
The younger nods in agreement, smiling softly, "I'm glad too, John." Sherlock leans against John's shoulder lightly.
Mycroft mirrors his younger brother and sits on the other side of their mother, kissing her other cheek, "Hello mummy."
Sherlock smiles, "I'm glad too, I didn't want to go anyway." He murmurs into John's shoulder, hugging his friend back tightly.
Fawnlock cuddled closer, snuffling softly as his fingers curled into the knit John's jumper. The Fae's eyes fluttered closed, his ears flicking back and forth, he pressed a kiss to his mate's throat.
The blond blinked and then nodded, squeezing Fawnlock's hand before turning more of his attention to the elder brother.
Then who the hell was I?
The fae was wonderfully delicate, cradling the finely crafted bits of wood and string. It really wasn't that out of place for him to have an instrument, he was ages old after all, and surely humans had been through these woods before. John wondered who had taught Fawnlock to play, where his interest in music had sparked.
John murmured and hummed beneath the attention, feeling the long, broad ears flick against his collar bone. By now he was well aware of those rolling hips, and he lifted his own up to meet them, slotting their pelvises together perfectly and getting the most out of the sensation.
"Hey, Freak, Pipsqueak.." A voice called, Sherlock's head snaps up once more to glare at the older boy who now sat before their usually empty table. Sherlock didn't particularly like being called Freak, what really ticks him off was when people call John out for his size.
The fawn chuckled softly at the human’s tease, "You'll always have my interest John, things may just.. Distract me." He explained softly, rubbing his cheek gently against John's scar.
His gaze flicked to watch his mate's lovely form once more, the corner of his lips twitched up slightly and his eye fluttered closed for a verifiable few moments, before he looked back to Moosecroft.
"Could you write my name? I want to see what it looks like in your handwriting. And maybe seeing it written will help me write it myself."
The Fae whimpered softly as John played with his tail, "John," he mumbled softly, leaning forward to nuzzle at John's cheeks and ears and his face in general.
John wraps his arms around Winston's legs when he is retrieved.  He couldn't believe Sherlock returned so soon.
John moved into the kitchen and set a kettle of water on to boil, preparing three cups for tea. While waiting for the water to heat, he moved over to slip into the seat beside his mate, reaching out and resting a hand on the fawn's knees, rubbing it with a gently soothing drag of his fingers. Watching the fae steeple his hands together in an endearing way, John couldn't help but smile before looking expectantly up at Moosecroft to begin.
"That is fine," He says, finishing packing his bag, the zipper closing smoothly. "I believe we'll find something to talk about." He nods to Greg and they leave the locker, him at his side to follow to the parking lot. He suddenly finds himself unable to speak, too nervous. So much for talking.
"I heard my teacher's saying that they were considering putting me in advanced classes next year." He tells his brother happily, tapping his pencil on the desk rhythmically.
Sherlock groans and rolls over towards John. His eyes flutter open and he yawns softly, "Jawn?" He smiles a tad sleepily before, curling his fingers around Bilbo and clutching him closer to his little chest.
"Oh, good!" The older teen smiles his blush still there but the bright smile on his face takes away from it.
"You're absolutely wicked..." He managed, swallowing thickly and moving his hand to curl the fingers down the inside of Fawnlock's thigh, rubbing the soft fur slowly.
"Oh," Mrs. Watson blinks.  So he is homosexual, even if Harry was straight it wouldn't work. "What is he like?"  She asks.
Niko here! ENJOY Chapter 6 edit!
John fiddles with his roasting stick, looking to Sherlock, "No.... I've never had a bonfire before so no. What happens?" John asks earnestly, he definitely wanted to know. He loved hearing things from Sherlock.
The fawn's ears dropped slightly, "That was a warg, but there are other creatures you wouldn't see in most forests... Some dangerous as wargs some not or some even more dangerous.... You could probably find several mystical creatures in any wood, they're just hard to find." He murmured softly, "They usually avoid humans, but you've got a kind, brave heart, John, they'd trust you quicker then to other humans." The fawn carefully lays down, stretching out his long legs. John rolled onto his stomach and felt the crackle of dry leaves against his cheeks. He opened one eye and stared up at the fawn as he spoke of John being brave and kind. It made the blond feel warm all over, and he grinned, wriggling closer to the fae, letting the heat radiate off of both of them to keep warm.
"Hurry up, Mycroft! The tide'll be in soon!" He calls back loudly at his brother. Sherlock wanted to put his things away and get appropriately dressed and equipped for their trip down to the pools as quickly as possible.
"Mrs. Watson, this is Winston, Winston this is John's mum, Mrs. Watson." Sherlock introduced the two quickly before he pulls a door open for John, climbing in after his friend.
Indeed the fawn was smirking, his lips curled slightly as the human hurried him along. He squeezed John's fingers as he skipped ahead of him to lead him back home, not minding much anymore if he made any noise. Fawnlock happily lead John back to his cottage. He stopped as they entered the clearing, wearily eyeing the ring of toadstools surrounding it.
Mycroft smiles and clicks the phone off, hanging it up on the receiver.  At least Sherlock still says it back.
"We're going to have so much fun, Sherlock! Wait until you see all the neat things there, I found crayfish and starfish and..." John continues on as he pulls Sherlock along.
John rested his hands on the fawn's hips, stroking slowly and encouraging his exploring hands. Really,. For a split second they pulled apart, gazes meeting, and John could see that ghost of a smile before the fae grew braver in his approach, earning a quick intake of breath from the man.
Mycroft is in his own bathroom, washing his hand with a proud smile on his face. He knew Sherlock could make a friend if He tried hard enough,
Fawnlock was still a brat, and still always would be, but there was something that had changed there, something John had changed.
John gently tucked the edges of the thick quilt beneath the border of pillows, listening carefully to Fawnlock's explanation.
As aroused as he was, John was quite happy holding Fawnlock close and just lavishing in the lazy nuzzles and taps of a wet nose to his skin as his mate basked in post coital bliss. To know that he had brought the fawn to this happy, sated state was wonderful, and the aftermath even more so as he snuggled close and murmured soft tones in a language John would endeavor to one day understand.
"John," Fawnlock spoke, ears perked, head tilting slightly. "Can I wash your hair too?" He asked softly, tail stirring the water as the fawn leaned into John more.
"Sh-Sherlock." He looks up at his best friend, the biggest smile on his face.
The fawn froze as the human reached out to brush away one of his unruly curls, his fingers brushing over Fawnlock's cheek. His pale gaze followed John's hand before turning back to his plate, twirling the noodles around the prongs of the metal utensil, munching. He was very aware of the flush visible through his sparse fur, he sipped at his tea, trying to hide behind the mug. His ears perked slightly at the sweetness of the warm liquid and his tail flicked as he finished his meal, and he drew into deep thought. Fawnlock's brows furrowed slightly, he wasn't very aware of Fae social customs, even less of human ones, he didn't want to scare John off with doing something wrong. He had been awfully lonely in the wood only the dull creatures his rare company, but he'd felt perfectly content in the wood all his life, maybe he was a tad lonely at times. Yet he'd never been so aware of the loneliness deep inside him until he took the first steps into the John's warm den. For the first time in forever, the fawn desired companionship, someone he could turn to for little comforts and understanding. For the first time in his long lonely life, the fawn desired a friend. His ears dropped slightly and his tail sank, his sipped at his mug to fill the cold spot in his stomach he now felt with the lukewarm tea. He'd never felt this desire before, it was strange and foreign to Fawnlock.
Sherlock's nose scrunches in distaste at Harry, hands held securely around the plant.
"I'll call when I get there, mummy errors late, so Harry will only be home." He looks down at their clasped hands where Sherlock plays with his medallion.
He chuckles as Mycroft stares down for a moment or two, Greg gently takes the book from Mycroft to set on his desk and takes the younger teen's hands in his. The younger teen intently watching his actions, unable to look him in the face yet.
There was no doubt they were mates now, they had each other's scents all over their skin. Eyes raising to those captivating silver orbs, John's own dark blue gaze reflected all the live and adoration he felt, completely swept away with the fawn in a romance he'd never thought he'd ever be able to experience. His opposite hand slipped down to Fawnlock's hip, tracing lazy circles in the sticky, matted fur. Every kiss made him happier than the last, no matter how small or fleeting.
John was always happy to receive Fawnlock's kisses with a smile as he filled up the pouch and sealed it shut, attaching it the side of his pack so it wouldn't get squished within. As he popped a few more berries into his mouth, he watched Fawnlock stare out over the forest, wondering if all fae were this affectionate with their potential mates, or if it was just something between he and the fawn.
Hopefully this will distract Sherlock well enough.
He tripped over something and fell with a thud, he whimpered softly, ears dropping. He pushed to his hands and knees, bleating softly, he could tell he was bleeding heavily and the gate was too far from his den, John was closer, John could help. He pushed back to his feet with a soft bleat of pain.
John pushed at a few pillows, and smoothed out the blankets and duvets, then looked over at Fawnlock, biting his lip for a moment and then standing, holding his hand out to help the fae climb into the nest he'd made.
John leaned into the last kiss, letting his love seep into the gesture as his narrow lip fit between those impressive soft bows.
Finally, the music stopped, and the fawn spoke, which John reopened his eyes for, paying attention as the story unfolded.
"Good, we'll invite him over once we're back so we can have supper."
He pressed a series of kisses over his mate's cheeks and the bridge of his nose, "Thank you for taking such good care of me, John, you're the best doctor I've ever had." He bleated softly. He then climbed out of their nest and stood, holding a dark hand out to his mate, wiggling speckled fingers before grasping John's hand and pulling him up, "John, can you help me with my scarf?" He asked softly, the rumble vibrating low in his chest, contented with the idea of the walk with John to his old den to retrieve his violin and some other of his possessions.
Sherlock rolls his eyes at their aunt's annoying voice, "We're her only sons." He mumbles. But as always he smiles for his mother and moves to her side with purpose.
"Sherlock.... thank you. I love it." He slips it on his wrist, tying it with a little trouble.
He hadn't had a motherly figure in his life for a long time now, and he was even gladder that Fawnlock had such a sweet woman in his life.
"Have you not been yourself this whole time? You haven't been lying to me while we lay together. When we hold hands and smile at each other, it's not a lie. I know there is more to you than just me. There's a lot of John Watson you haven't seen either. But I don't ever want anything besides all of you. I can't only love a piece of you. I love all of you, or nothing at all. That's what you deserve."  John moved his fingers up to rub against his mate's cheek, then stood up with a smile.
There was so much love in his face, John could feel it radiating through their bond like a miniature sun.
The butler watches the boys disappear from his sight and turns to the elder Holmes, "They'll be fine Mycroft, it's a safe neighborhood, and they're both smart boys. Don't worry." He pats the 14-year old's shoulder.  "Let’s go, shall we?" He opens a door for Mycroft.  Mycroft nods and sighs lightly.
Fawnlock's ears twitched as he listened, a thoughtful light shining in his silvery eyes. A small smile quirked the corner of his Cupid bow lips, "Fae custom says that to celebrate the seal of a bond, there's also a ceremony, were one mate offers the other their family crest, usually engraved on a piece of jewelry, a ring or pendant perhaps. Once the other accepts, the families celebrate with gifts to the new mates, and foods, there is also dancing and music as well."
The fawn pouted a bit for real as John pulled away from the kiss, he yelped as John flipped them over, his dark palms and speckled fingers curling up slightly as he settled them on John's chest.
"It's obviously because I'm so charming." John teased, slipping his hand up along his mate's back and stroking the long lines with absolutely adoration.
"When I go into town for supplies next, I'll send a telegram to Harry. I'd like to tell her about us in person though...it's not really something you can explain by post. You're too wonderful to fit on paper." He grinned and kissed at the fae's neck "We're sleeping here tonight, Love?" John asked softly, pulling back just enough to look up at the fawn.
John reached up and gingerly touched the crown, flushing slightly at the obvious symbols of royalty. This was a life Fawnlock knew, what he'd been born into.
John doodles on his note book, bored as ever. The the first day of school is always about introductions, rules and assigning reading to be done for the week. The last two weeks were a nightmare. His sister tormented him the entire time since Sherlock left. He admires the medallion on his wrist that Sherlock gave him. He missed his Captain.
It was a beautiful thing to watch, Fawnlock so absolutely absorbed in one thing that he became one with it. John wondered if that's what they looked like when they were together. One.
Mycroft stares at Greg, shocked at the question but recovers quickly when he sees that Greg begins to lose confidence in himself due to his lack of response.
John smiled and let himself be held, feeling the glide of Fawnlock's cheek and nose against his temple. It felt good to be in some one's arms like this, to just be wanted and loved and needed. Because more than anything, they needed each other.
"Harry?" He walks up to her at the table, she has a tight grip on the liquor bottle.
John winced when Harry raised her voice and turns pulling Sherlock with him. He walks a bit faster than he normally would, tears spilling over. He hated how much Harry could always affect him, she was always mean if she wanted. Why did she have to be that way?
John watched that blush deepen and couldn't have helped but smile, his fingers curling in towards his palm as Fawnlock held his wrist. He listened with a curious smile as the fawn explained through his embarrassment. With a hum, John slid the fingers of his captive hand along Fawnlock's cheek.
"John?  What is it sweety? You never call while I'm at work."
"Yes, it is perfect!" John wraps his arm around Sherlock's waist, smiling.
He takes John's hand and leads him back to the adults.
"Nice to see you both, and I am well... your mother is in a bit of mood today, but she should perk up once she sees her favorite sons!" She goes about and places a hand on each of the brothers' shoulders, guiding them to the sitting room where they would be having tea soon. Their mother is sitting in the middle of the couch, dressed plainly in a blue summer dress, her hair in a braid and minimal makeup that her sister had done for her.
John tries his best not to flinch when Harry ruffles his hair and nods as he readjusts his pirate hat that she'd nearly knocked off with the action. He hates that nickname, "Yeah, sorry. Sherlock, this is my big sister Harry. Harry, this is Sherlock, he's on vacation here with his brother."
John perked up as Fawnlock returned, moving over to stand next to him beside the fire. "I've been just fine. Your den is very comfortable." He leaned down and poured a bit of tea from the thermos into the cup. He set the cup in Fawnlock's hands and leaned up to kiss his cheek, willing away the cold under his lips. "How was you time at the gate?" He pulled back and smiled at the fawn, setting a hand on his back and rubbing it gently to warm him up.
"It's so squishy... and clingy." He says, trying to pull his hand back, but the octopus just clings onto his hand more.
"Sherlock, you're my brother. I worry about you. You haven't any friends and the teachers do nothing about your bullies. Why don't you try to talk to these boys and try to get them to leave you alone? You have three days of school left before summer vacation. What is the worst that could happen? At least you will have tried to get them to stop."
"That was lovely," he compliments, blushing still... he may never stop, "tell me this is real Greg." He stares at the rugby player nervously.
Fawnlock's fingers tightened in John's hair as his mate began to bob his head, sufficiently blinding the fawn with white hot pleasure. A broken stream of moans and mumblings of his native tongue escape his patted lips, his ears falling limp as pleasure surges through his velvet furred body. When John loosened his hold on the Fae's hip, he groaned softly, gently and shallowly thrusting his hips up into John's deliciously wonderful mouth, not wanting to gag or hurt his brilliant mate.
"I like your curls, Captain." John pays no mind to Mycroft and Greg.
Fawnlock pressed one last kiss to his mate's lips before they parted completely, "I have a theory, that if you can't read regular Fae script, maybe you'd be able to read something I've written. I've written somethings, we can find them in my old den." The fawn smiled softly, nodding eagerly and happily followed John into the kitchen, helping him gather foods to bring.
Sherlock's nose scrunches slightly as Harry stumbles close.
They tuck in and eat silently, just looking at each other every so often. John doesn't have anything to say and Sherlock, being Sherlock doesn't have to say anything - his presence is all he needs.
'Hope you and Sherlock enjoy the museum! Text me when you are free, wanna plan a date with you. :)' - G
"And you're gorgeous. Perfect in absolutely every way." John slid his hand down Fawnlock's arm, up his shoulder until it could curl around the nape of his neck, and John could thumb at his dark curls.
The fawn huffed softly, bleating at John's words.
"John," he murmurs hotly, half-lidded gaze looking down at his flushed mate, "Do you like playing dirty with me John?" He asks, leaning down once more to press damp kisses down John's throat, nipping lightly at his mate's heated skin. His fingers tug at John's jumper, ridding it up to the fawn could stroke his love's belly and the skin of his hips, hot breath puffing against John's neck.
A small accident occurs when the boys go to John's to do some homework together.
The Fae hummed softly, his lips twitching up into a smile. He nuzzled at John's neck, "Alright, but just tonight, it might get cold. I have fur, you don't... The nest might not be warm enough... Tomorrow, I'll stay with you in your cottage." He huffed softly against John's skin, damp nose brushing softly. "The hour's close," the fawn peered up at the darkening sky up through the smoke hole. "I wasn't paying attention, I've been distracted.." His gaze moved to meet the human's, he smiled softly and leaned down to kiss across John's jaw.
The fawn's ears flicked as he watched his mate examine what he'd written and then try to copy it. Fawnlock smiled softly at the attempt John made.
"It looks good on you, John. You look regal. All you need is a crown." The young Fae smirked as his tail swished and he pressed a warm kiss to John's stubbly cheek before flitting off.
The Fea would still try to not let his temper fall short with his mate, and try to show John his more bright side for the most part, he didn't want his mate to be angered at anything he did either. The Fae gave a curt nod to himself, determined to try his best for John, try and not let his analytical side and big brain take over too much.
John seems to completely miss the point that they are being insinuated to be in a homosexual relationship, even though they are children. Sherlock the local freak genius and John the tiny, smart boy who follows the freak around. It does not even cross his mind that people are frightened of them.
Sherlock smiles at John, "I'm here for the next couple weeks as well, so yes, though in a week we're going to visit Mummy for the weekend." He cocks his head, "Okay, Mycroft!" He turns to John, "Private bath through that door," he points it out for John with a smile. "I like playing pirates, Mycroft won't play much, he's got lots of schoolwork, do you like pirates?" He asks as he moves over to the door and opens it. John and Sherlock move into the bathroom; John having to use the stool to reach the sink and turns the water on,
"I'm sorry she doesn't feel well... but I'm glad you're back."  John admits and embraces Sherlock in a hug.
John’s thoughts were suddenly fractured apart when Fawnlock rocked forwards, drawing a low, bitten off moan from John as their groins brushed together. He closed his eyes for a moment, grip tightening on Fawnlock's backside before he reopened his eyes and found his mate staring down at him.
John stared down at the mess of curls nestled against his shoulder and smiled happily, bringing his other hand around to pet the side of an antler.
John gave his mate a sheepish smile and shrugged his shoulders.
John sighs and his shoulders slump... He and Sherlock would always be different - the outcasts and the freaks, wouldn't they?
"Yeah sure...probably in my pack." He turned and reached for the bag, opening it up and rooting through it for his canteen. It was fairly empty from his hike yesterday morning, and he handed it over. He hesitated for a moment however, still holding the flask.
"Stay out of trouble boys." Winston says gently, sending the boys off to have fun.
Sherlock perches on John's bed, picking up his things and putting them in his pack, "This was fun, John, thank you for inviting me over."
"Mummy, Harry got drunk again and when Sherlock and I took her booze she chased us into the bathroom and screamed at us for twenty minutes and then she left.  She went out."
It may have been good for Fawnlock, but it was so, so good for John as well. He absolutely loved every bit of the fawn beneath him. Loved this.
The fawn's ears twitched as he chuckled softly. He leaned forward to kiss John back to the best of his ability, before he pulled away and licked his lips with a soft smirk. He began popping the berries into his mouth. He chewed happily, tail flicking as he made soft sounds of contentment.
"Come on John, grab my duvet will you? I've got other blankets and pillows too." He explains, going to his closet to pull out some other duvets and afghans.
Fawnlock’s damp ears twitch slightly as he answers, "There's no need for grass or any of that, you have plenty of things here, but I'd like my quilts and books." He bowed his head slightly, "Then my scent would be here too, our combined scents in the place we sleep would help seal our bond." Fawnlock gave a shy sort of smile, leaning forward slightly to rub his damp nose against John's.
Careful of his antlers, Fawnlock slid down John's body, pressing soft kisses to John's tummy, murmuring softly in his native tongue. He then moved down more to nuzzle his mate's crotch for a few seconds, snuffling softly at the musky scent of his love's arousal, before his damp nose trailed down the heated skin John's thighs, still speaking softly into John's skin.
At the crook if John's neck the Fae snuffled softly scenting his love, bleating softly. After a few blissful moments he pushed up at John's chest to settle himself sitting atop his hips.
Sherlock eagerly peers through the telescope, a small smile paints his tiny lips as he spots the planet.
Mrs. Watson almost coos at the cute term of endearment. The look she had shared with Mycroft had been a knowing one.  Those two were destined to be together for the rest of their lives. It would not be un-welcomed by either party.
The Fawn's head tilted to the side slightly, watching the material as the human bound his arm. He nodded, staring at the human's fingers as he spoke, "The guardian of the Wood's deemed you so, I've saved you, and will continue to do so as long as you reside in this Wood. It's my territory." He settled his bandaged arm on his knee after examining the wrap. Fawnlock's gaze flickered up to meet with the human's, "John Watson." He said it once, getting used to the sound and feel, the human's language and names differed greatly from the Fae's, "I am the guardian of this ancient Wood." He stated with a flick of his ears.
He felt John's own arousal rub against his hip, and he moaned, pressing closer. He didn't really know how, but in his pleasure buzzed mind, he wanted John to feel as much as the fawn did. He nipped softly at John's shoulder, turning his head so his nose was pressed to John's pulse point, where the fawn could smell even more of his mate with every beat of his heart.
"Thank you...from the bottom of my heart, thank you." He stepped outside her cottage and bowed again to Mrs. Hudson. "We'll be sure to come by to visit as soon as he's on his feet." He straightened up and waved to her, then started back off into the forest, heading for Fawnlock's den this time.
"We'll see her again," he reassures his baby brother.
Sullen load is full, so slow on the split."
John drew his arm up over his head so Fawnlock could rid him of the jumper, grinning up at his mate as the sweater ruffled his short hair.
John blinked as they dropped back into discussing this 'Mousey' who had apparently had harbored a crush on Fawnlock. Until the fae had snapped at her and sent her running scared.
"Probably black mold or asbestos," John says, looking at the experiments in front of him. So fascinating, seeing Sherlock's obsessions, "What are you gonna do when they get too old to keep around? "
No wonder Fawnlock was so fascinated. He dipped his head in polite greeting. A King who had no cause to bow to anyone, yet he tilted his head to acknowledge this mate his brother had chosen.
"These are your woods. And this is your life. The only one with any right to control it is you, not him." John pressed a kiss to the thick curls on the fawn's head, then carefully rested his chin between the antlers. "And I don't give a lick what his opinion of me is. Only yours matters. If I'm good enough for you, nothing else is important."
Sherlock makes a sound in agreement before digging around for his bee and curling up once more, eyes flitting closed as he clutches the plushie close, "Night, John." He yawns softly before snuggling deeper and drifting off.
Mycroft purses his lips, not liking his brother being on his own like this.
She chuckled and patted the back of his neck, "/Oh, you, you’re just happy we made your favorite recipe./"
Tossing a pat of butter into the pan, it sizzled away as John cracked eggs into the skillet, followed by tomato slices and half a can of baked beans. The bread he set in the oven to toast, and while it was all cooking away, he finished off the cup of tea with Fawnlock's favored sweeteners and milk, than brought it over to his mate with some tablets of paracetamol. Fawnlock lowered his book when he peered over its edge and saw John coming over with the pills and a cup of tea
John smiled and thanked Mrs. Hudson again before she left, then leaned over to inspect the sandwiches before plucking one up and biting into it happily. They may have just been butties, but the food had that wonderful homey grandmother taste to them, and John found he was absolutely in love with the older fae. She was a sweetheart, and made John feel at peace in a way he'd never known, his grandmother having died when he was very young. He looked about her cottage as he chewed, but his gaze was eventually drawn back to the most interesting thing in the room, Fawnlock. John reached out with his free hand and gently patted the other's knee. "What else do you have planned for today?"
But it was moments like this, when they were so absolutely in love with each other and there was absolutely no question that they were building something magnificent. It was these moments John was living for. "Of course. We'll figure out how far this goes together. I'm eager to find out as well."
That pout, oh that pout really did John in. He knew the fawn was never truly upset, but the way those plush lips pulled down, so expressive, it was like a siren's call to John.
He tilted his head to the side in thought, ears twitching slightly, "Though once Moosecroft brought me to a hot spring when I was younger. It was nice."
"You too Moosecroft." King or not, John preferred to lapse back into the casual. After all, he was essentially John's brother now as well.
John ran his fingers over his mate's name, then took back the graphite and wrote it in his own hand, putting a bit more effort into making it look neat. Not that it ever would be elegant, John was left handed and the words would always come out a little wobbly.
He grunted softly, hips thrusting into John's hand once more, a soft bleat caught in his throat. The Fae nosed John's shoulder, snuffling softly as his eyes squeezed shut. The fire welling inside him seemed to burn on stronger and threaten to go out all at once. He felt his fur dampen with sweat, the hand in John'd hair lost some of its grip, moving instead to stroke through the sandy locks.
"My room isn't always much better, and Sherlock's can be far worse."  When Greg finally settles down on the tidying, kicking some things beneath his bed, he speaks. "Ah, so did you want to get started or...?"
"Aye Captain." John laughs, seeing a daddy long legs resting on a patch of grass. He motions to it for Sherlock to see. "They are rude and closed minded. I hate them. So mean."
"Fawnlock, love...what happened," he asked softly, checking the gashes on his torso to see if they would be needing stitches.
John considered for a moment, flushing himself before clearing his throat. "You huffed when I cleaned you up afterwards. Does that...does that carry scent with it too?"
John sounds so sad and scared, he wishes this would stop. Mummy and Daddy are unfortunately no help.
He settled his head so his antlers weren't near John's face, nuzzling against his mate's neck, "This is nice." He murmured softly.
John felt his face heat up again as the fawn nuzzled at him, but he firmly told himself it was surely just a fae custom and not to let himself get worked up over the intimate contact. Just think of it as a hug Watson, he told himself, smiling all the while as he watched Fawnlock hurry off into the forest until he could no longer see the twitching tail. Then he shut the door and returned inside, heading to the kitchen to wash up the dishes before bed. He felt an odd sort of shimmery warmth settle down around the cottage and had the sudden urge to sneeze, doing so into the sleeve of his jumper, nose itching wildly at the odd sensation. Perhaps it was just allergies? He shrugged it away and set the dishes and pans in the drying rack, wiping his hands on a tea towel before he retired up stairs into the cozy bedroom. As he striped down and dressed in his night clothes, he wandered how the fawn slept, out there in the woods. Was he warm? As John climbed into his own soft bed and nestled under the thick quilts, he lay awake and thought about it all, picturing the fawn curled in a bed of leaves and moss , ears twitching idly in his sleep. Maybe one day he'd see Fawnlock's home. He smiled to himself and fall asleep finally, eager for tomorrow to come.
"I've never made a blanket fort before." John admits to the younger boy as they admire their work.
"Neither can I." Murmured Fawnlock, fingers rubbing soft little circles into the human's skin.
Though the morning was brisk, John felt nice and toasty with the velvety warmth pressed against his side. It felt good to stretch out his legs, though he kept a watchful eye on Fawnlock to make sure he wasn't straining his wounds.
"That'd be wonderful." He huffed softly and leaned forward once more to brush his lips across the human's jaw, scenting him as he went, he rather enjoyed John's scent. It was like soap, tea, leather, just John. The fawn hummed softly, ears twitching as he regarded the human.
Mycroft too blushes, knowing what Greg must be thinking due to his silence, thankful for when he breaks said silence with his attempt at tact.
"Ah," Mycroft looks up at the sign that informs them of the scheduled show times for the bees and then to the boys who are bouncing with excitement.
John's gaze flicked upwards, following the curve and point of the antlers in awe, then back down to the large ears the flanked the sides of his face, buried under thick curls. He was so tempted to touch them, but that was out of the question between two strangers. Instead, he just cleared his throat and reached into the kit for some more gauze to wrap the wound. The fur beneath his fingers was short, yet velvety soft. "I'm a creature of the wood then?" He asked curiously, not missing the implication. He gave a soft hum of amusement, though he felt a warmth bloom in his heart at the thought that these wonderful, beautiful woods had accepted him as one of their own. Tying off the bandage, he reluctantly let go of the arm, but there was no honest reason for him to keep hold of it any longer. "I'm John...John Watson."
The fawn gave a slight nod at his mate's words, his curls bouncing lightly, the rumbling continuing loud as ever.
"Thanks."
The fawn lent forward to press a kiss to the tip of John's nose in a usually rare (for the fawn) affectionate manner.
John smiled over at Fawnlock and pulled out the thermos, then took it over to the fireplace to set it down at the edge of the hearth to heat it up. Rubbing his hands together, he moved back to the nest and settled down, preparing himself to hear whatever melody Fawnlock chose to play.
After a moment he pulls back, "the boards are inter locking, the set comes with different ways we can set the maze," the boy takes a booklet out of the box and flips through it. "Hmm," he sighs softly before showing John a page, "Think we can do this one?"
Mycroft is speechless as he listens to Greg, sure he'd faint any second now. He's a genius, nothing in life has prepared him for this type of thing.
Once it was pulled away, John dropped his arms to circle around his mate, embracing him tightly and nuzzling at his face and hair. The Fae had nuzzled into the slight softness of John's belly until his mate started to bring him up so they were at level.
He grabbed a hold of Fawnlock, hands slipping up to his cheeks as his mate wriggled happily, "I didn't even know I was doing it! I just...I just you were so crestfallen and I just heard and knew. I had to do what I could to make you happy." John smiled sheepishly. "Even if that meant learning a new language in a blink, I suppose."
Dust, unsettled from the young Fae's actions danced in the air, moving in gentle, lazy patterns through the air. Fawnlock's nose twitched with the dust as he padded back to his mate's side with a small grin. He plopped down quite ungracefully beside John and dumped the books carefully into their side by side laps. The rumble grew louder in his chest as he sifted through the reading material, finally his dark hand closed over a spine and he handed the dusty time to John.
As Mycroft finishes setting the telescope he gives John a 'you first' gesture. He tugs on Mycroft's sleeve until he lowers himself to Sherlock's level best he can. Sherlock presses a rare affectionate kiss to his big brother's cheek.
When the morning light leaked through the smoke hole and splayed over the fawn's eyes, he woke with a soft snort, blinking himself awake. Once fully awake, he gazed down at the slumbering man tucked beside him, a soft smile enveloping the fawn's furry features, Fawnlock lifted a gentle palm up to carefully caress John's cheek, not wanting to wake him but wanting to appreciate the raw beauty and loveliness he saw in the human before him. After a few moments the fawn settled back down into the human's arms, giving a soft huff of contentment.
((aka smut, if you don't like smut, skip to the last few paragraphs so next chapter doesn't confuse you))
Greg looks down at Mycroft's hands, fingers rubbing over his pale, lightly freckled knuckles.
He pressed a chaste kiss to John's cheek as he spoke. The young Fae's ears and nose twitching as he considered, "No, but something perhaps similar, once a pair's mated their scents mingle and of course they have their bond, but one of them accepts the other's family symbol depending which has a higher status, or perhaps a better word is a crest. Though not exactly..." The fawn trailed off and stood, moving to rummage through the baskets. Fawnlock bleated softly as he found what he was looking for, "I don't where my choker much, because it's mainly because it's a piece of jewelry that a doe would where. And because of my ruff but it was my mother's."  Fawnlock hummed as he found the small folded cloth banner of his family's crest he'd always had. He padded back over to John, a small smile quirking his lips, "What's the human tradition?" He asked softly.
The rugby player catches the look of lost conversation on the younger teen's face, and he smirks, Mycroft was quite adorable, though Greg doubted the ginger knew so.
John rolled both of them over onto their sides, so Fawnlock wouldn't have to hold himself up at all, and John could focus easier on his face.  Their legs were still tangled together, and John pressed himself to the fae's hip, rubbing his own aching arousal against the silky fur. It relieved some of the pressure and he moaned, pulling Fawnlock closer against him with one arm while the other stroked the fawn, thumbing over the head and gathering beads of precome there to smear over his palm and make it easier for his hand to slide over the hard flesh.
The younger boy shrugged slightly after he came back from grabbing his book, "If you'd like, John, I don't mind much." Sherlock tilted his head towards John as he sat next to him.
"I don't know," He takes Sherlock's hand, leading him out of the bathroom. "Something delicious I bet, Mrs. Hudson and Winston are excellent cooks."
The Fae nuzzled at John, the rumbling deepening, "I'd never leave you for anyone else, best nest or no, the nest you made me is perfect." He murmured softly, squeezing John's fingers.
He brushed crumbs from his fingertips as flicked his ears, ignoring his brother's mild irritation and John's look of surprise. Obviously a shared den was part of bonding, as well as the nest they would have built together. He knew how proud of his nest building skills his brother was. This was a chance for him to show off what he'd created together with his mate.
His bed may have been nice, but he much preferred the thought of cuddling up beside the fawn on the floor. John hummed happily as the fawn nosed at him, and looked at him with absolute adoration when he pulled back.
When they approached Mrs. Hudson's cottage, John was all smiles, dipping his head to the older Fae in greeting. "Good evening Mrs. Hudson. It was wonderfully delicious. Thank you so much for the recipe."
The Fae snuffled softly, hips grinding down into John a tad lazily, relishing in the friction between them as well as the tenderness and warmth of the countless kisses pressed to the side of his face and head. The fawn's dusky hands move, one up to stroke over the shoulder his chin isn't settled upon, as the other skimmed over John's ribs and side to firmly grip his hip, speckled digits stroking swirls into the warm flesh there.
John felt his mouth twitch into a soft frown every time the fawn made a noise of pain. That pain was because of John, this ruined skin was because of John. He'd never forgive himself if this beautiful creature was permanently scarred because of him. He controlled his ministrations, making sure to pay the utmost care so he wouldn't cause any more pain than necessary. John found himself staring again, watching as the Fawn's teeth worried at his bottom lip. John swallowed and looked back to his work. Fawnlock as a fae, was much older than John. Yet he somehow looked so young and vulnerable, sitting on his living room rug. John used his free hand and dug through his kit to find an antibiotic cream that had a topical analgesic in it, to numb the pain. He gently rubbed it into the teeth marks, cradling the soft arm in his lap. "I hope this doesn't scare you away from me, Fawnlock." He murmured, inspecting every mark in case they required stitches. None of them seemed that bad however, and he smiled weakly before wrapping it up with fresh bandages. "I promise our time together won't always be that dangerous." And how he wanted there to be so much more time shared between them. Even in this fantastical situation, John had felt more like his old self than ever before. Felt more alive, more human. He had no doubt that was because of the fawn.
"Nothing. Doctor Who, then? Who's your favorite Doctor?" Sherlock moves to the entrance of their fort, making a 'shall we?' motion towards it. John crawls into the blanket fort and flicks on his torch so that he can see. He pulls a couple pillows close so that he can nest in between them.
"Let him come. I've got a swift kick in the rear waiting for him." He laughed and squeezed the fawn in his arms, then moved back after a moment. "Let's go get breakfast. No sense letting him spoil our day together."
"I wonder what it'd be like." he says aloud.
"We'll take ours, ah- plenty of room." Mycroft blushes... he didn't want to "show off" any more than he wanted to prove that both Sherlock and himself could care for John if need be.
Sherlock laughs at John's words, then hurries to catch up with John, despite him having long legs, and John short ones, his older friend could be surprisingly fast.
"Oh!" John grins. "I love putting things together!" He pulls out the instructions, glancing them over casually.
He looked thoughtful for a moment, watching his mate fumble with the cap to the shampoo before showing him how to click it open.
Sherlock hugs his friend tightly, "I'm going to miss you too!" He pulls back slightly, "I have something for you, John!" He takes something out of his pocket and drops it into John's hand, "To remember me, I read about stuff like it in a book Mycroft gave me," the small bronze anchor was on a leather strap so someone could tie it around their wrist, "There's a Jolly Roger carved onto it, so you can remember how we played pirates." The taller boy stared at his shoes as his cheeks flushed.
John watched as Fawnlock nuzzled at the new jumper, taking his free hand and threading through dark curls and down long a soft ear.
John's eyes widen as wide as possible when he is handed his gift, staring at the title of the book, his mouth agape.
"Prince?" John's voice cracked just a bit as he called after her. His brows furrowed in confusion and shock. Was Fawnlock a Prince? Oh god, did he just abduct royalty into his house and then spend the evening poking and prodding at him and serving him pasta for dinner? John felt the world spin around him, and was more than grateful when Mrs. Hudson lead him to the sofa so he could sit. John nervously ran his hands through his hair, smoothing it down straight and neat. Suddenly, he sat up straight, hands curled on his knees. "I, yes please, thank you Mrs. Hudson. That would be wonderful." He flashed her another smile and tapped his fingers along the seams of his jeans.
Mycroft re-enters the room, carrying a small box with air holes in it.
"Now we got to get the one Harry's got...." Sherlock takes John's hand, "Are you going to tell your mum?"
The Fae leant forward more and nosed at John's shoulder, "Thank you, John," he placed a dark hand over John's.
"What for?"
Mycroft chats with Mrs. Watson, curious about the woman, she is lovely. He wonders what Mr. Watson is like. It is nice to talk to a parent who is... Mycroft derails that train of thought just after it leaves the station. He's fourteen - going on fifteen in a few months. He can't be a 'parent'.
Sherlock doesn't know what leads him to it, being polite for Mycroft's sake, his loneliness, or his curiosity; but Sherlock shrugs slightly, "I don't see why not, I could use help collecting samples anyway... Could you help with that if I explore with you?" He asks the other boy, gaze narrowed slightly.
"Your hair's soft, and I like its colour, it's like the grass my Maman used to make my nest when I was young." He explained softly, casting his eyes down to watch the water ripple around the mates. The fawn's ears flicked as he lifted dark palms to the water's surface, watching the warm water slip through his fingers, the Fae wriggling slightly.
"Great, we're having seafood chowder for lunch. I hope you like it, our butler Winston makes it home made."
Sherlock pouts slightly as his brother ruffles his curls before he sidles up beside John, staring up at the night sky with wide eyes.
Afterwards John leaned back and pulled off his pack, then off came the coat and his jumper, set in the grass at his side. Bare chested to keep his clothes from getting soaked, John leaned in and swept up the cool water into his palms, pouring it over his head and rubbing it across his short hair and sun tanned face.
"I'll see you again soon." He murmured before turning and padding off into the wood. He stopped at the edge of the clearing and set a small protective spell over the cottage, it wasn't that he didn't trust Mrs. Hudson's spells but he wanted to be very sure.
Sherlock would never admit it to anyone, but he's always striven for his brother's approval and pride, wanting to do just as well as him. Though sometimes he hated his brother, he would always love him.
Pulling Fawnlock against him and making sure not to disrupt any of the bandages. Pressing a final kiss to his forehead, John snuggled against his mate and closed his eyes. He could feel sleep weigh down Sherlock as the tea and medicine and just exhaustion wore him down.
"That was quite some time ago, I may still have that recipe." She flitted about the kitchen, "You're such a sweetheart, John, that's sure to make him feel nice and bushy-tailed." She hummed softly, searching through the cookbooks and recipe cards, "Aha, think I've got it, right here." She flipped a card out if a card box and nodded, "Mhm, this this one, here you go dear." She turns and hands him the card with a soft smile.
It's been building up to this, they've know each other for a short time, but it's now time for John to teach Fawnlock something new.
"I'm going to build you a nest now. So I can lay in it with you, and show you how much I love you. I want you to be comfortable." He leaned up and kissed the fawn on his dappled cheek, then stood up, flashing a smile before hurrying upstairs to gather blankets and pillows from his bed, as well as the linen closet.
Taking the card from her, he bowed his head. "Thank you very much Mrs. Hudson, from both of us. When he's feeling better, I'll bring him around to thank you properly. If there is anything you need done in the meantime, please don't hesitate to ask. You're important to him, so that means you are important to me." He came around and hugged her gently, kissing her cheek before pulling away. "I'm sorry to cut this short, but I don't want to leave him alone for too long. I've still got some things to get from his den."
The Fae nodded at John's words, smiling, "I will, thank you, John," he murmured, leaning into John's touch, "And I love you," he leant up to press a more eager kiss to his mate's lips, tail swishing side to side. He nuzzled against John, the rumbling sounding in his chest. "Be careful, John."
It was unfair really, but last night they had reached out to each other. It was the start of something, even if it was an incredibly small step.
Greg sticks out a hand, "We haven't really met before, Gregory Lestrade. Everyone calls me Greg."
Mycroft smiles despite the pang of sadness he feels; caring for Sherlock makes him feel better, it is a task he willingly took on and is glad to be doing it.  He decides to text Winston again, asking him to tell Sherlock to wait up for him to do something later.
Fawnlock gave a wicked grin, nipping at John's neck lightly. He huffed softly against John's neck, pressing damp kisses along the golden column of his mate's throat. His tail swished with slight nerves as the fawn keened at John's skilled fingers kneaded the swells of his arse.
His ears twitched and he tilted his head up as John put the mug in front of him, he smiled softly and wrapped his hands around it.
The fawn threw his head back as he felt the molten coil in his stomach tighten and tighten, surges of delicious pleasure washed over the fawn's delicate body. He tried to thrust shallowly into John's mouth, riding his pleasure in fast jerks, but still wanting to not gag his amazingly brilliant mate.
"Shall we go then?" He asked, reaching out for Fawnlock's hand and rubbing at his stained fingers with a smile. The fawn smiled softly and took John's hand, nodding. He padded back into the trail and followed them until they had to go off the trail.
Fawnlock watched the fire dance before him, a small smile quirking his lips. Fawnlock laid the hand that wasn't warming on his mug, on John's thigh, looking at him from the corner of his eye. His toes curled slightly as they warmed and he flexed he fingers around his mug. He took another sip of his tea, ears flicking, giving the human beside him a soft smile.
Every kiss was like fingers reaching straight into his heart, feeling John with such warmth he was sure he'd burst. He kicked the jeans the rest of the way off, toeing off his socks as well.
After he finished his biscuits, the fawn pressed a warm kiss to his cheek and Scottie's forward to sip at his tea.
"There is a bin just under the sink."  John tells Sherlock, eating the last of his dumplings.  His pork fried rice half eaten - he prefers his dumplings more than anything, he can save it for a snack later or bring it for lunch tomorrow.
There was a question in his bright eyes and he leaned slightly forward, lips brushing over John's flushed cheek, "Good?" He asked quietly.
"Coming, My!" He calls as he pulls on a hoodie and then opens his door, giving his older brother a small smile, "Though I already finished most of it during recess." Which was true, Sherlock usually spent their outside time in the library doing homework (or research) or out collecting samples. Today he'd had time for both. He follows his brother into their father's old study, it's where they usually did their schoolwork. Sherlock liked it, he liked the books and despite the fact that their father wasn't the best, he misses him and the study made him feel closer to him. Mycroft sits at the desk and pulls Sherlock into his lap so that he can reach the desk top comfortably. Sherlock's homework placed on the surface to the left.
"Well, for awhile now, I've been.. Well... Ah..." Greg blushes softly, "I've been
He hands John the bottle, "Flush it!"
With a heavy sigh, John turn away and shut the door, then put on a cheery face as he went to go join Mrs. Hudson in the kitchen to learn just how she made her biscuits taste so good.
"See you around." Mycroft nods to Greg and once he had walked off he relaxes visibly.
John looks up at Sherlock five minutes later, hoping its safe.
As he listened though, as Fawnlock said what he would give up for John, a powerful surge of warmth and love rushed back through him.
The fawn huffed slightly into their kiss at John's immediate cleaning if their bellies and his dusky hand, but still he let his eyes flutter closed and allowed himself to kiss his mate lazily. After their kiss broke the fawn nosed at John's jawline and down to his neck then the column of his throat.
After his brother left, the rumble sounding through the young Fae's chest grew louder once more. He leant up into the touch of John's lips to the crown of his head, a small smile quirked his lips at his mate's words.
"/I'll be fine, John, don't worry yourself too much for my sake./" Fawnlock murmured softly, turning his head to rub his nose against John's cheek. The rumble in the fawn's chest echoed softly through the bare trees surrounding the pair, the young Fae leant slightly against his mate as he felt John reaching through the bond they had.
John smiled down at Fawnlock and reached for the thick duvets, pulling them up over him and Fawnlock as they settled in together.
Speckled digits gently wrapped around John's thick arousal, stroking the heated skin with delicate fingertips.
"White Fang," murmurs the taller boy, a smile on his lips, eyes already roving the page once more.
The Fae gave another nod, leaning in to pepper warm kisses over John's face, over the bridge of his adorable nose, around the ridges if his eyebrows, and brushing across his cheeks.
Fawnlock leant forward to press a soft kiss to John's lips, "I love you too, John, with all my heart. I'll do it, I'll make him know what you mean to me."
"Coming Sherlock!" Mycroft follows after his baby brother. Although he is a bit tired, he loved being there for Sherlock.
John discovers something wonderful about his bond with Fawnlock, and the pair go in search of Fawnlock's violin.
The fawn turned his head slightly to look at the glowing footprints he left behind with a fond glimmer in his eyes, though the footprints he left would stop glowing as he left the gate cite of Moosecroft's realm, so many memories from his childhood here. The young Fae slowly made his way through the forest, the raptors silently watching and leading him from above, though he needn't a reminder of how to get to where he was going, he'd never forget how to get to his childhood den, now only occupied by Moosecroft and his most trusted advisors and raptors.
The fawn had yelped softly in surprise as a cushion hit his bum, and then just as quickly he was thumped lightly on the back of his head. Fawnlock huffed a soft chuckle as John tackled him then straddled his bum.
Mycroft drops a kiss on top of Sherlock's curls.
The fawn watched John as his nose scrunched and the corner of his lips twitched slightly into a small smile. His ears twitched as he grabbed another biscuit, "I started the book you have me, then I did my rounds of the wood, came here, Mrs. Hudson made me tea and then asked me to go out and gather some things for her." He nibbled on the biscuit quietly, "I was out in the wood most of the morning doing that." His head tilted slightly as he examined the human, "You slept longer than you usually do, what did you do this morning?" He asked, taking another sip of his tea, which was almost gone.
"If I freeze you can just thaw me out." He teased, arms sliding around the fawn's body. Taking all the blankets out of the den maybe wasn't the wisest decision, now. But he'd be fine for an hour with the fire.
When the first hint of a stutter passed over Fawnlock's lips, John's eye blinked open again, and he tilted his head back to look at his mate, considering, "Love, you don't have to be sorry for things that happened before we met. I would like to know about her if I'm going to be working with her in the future. But don't think for a second that I will think any less of you for whatever happened."
"I love your deductions."  John says honestly as they enter the building, he heads toward the lift across the lobby and presses the silver button to go up.  "She just doesn't appreciate your genius."
"Oi, why don't you put down the kid half your size?!" The high school student raises a brow, the bully's eyes widen slightly in anger and he drops Sherlock, who ooffs softly on the pavement, rubbing his bum, John rushing to his side. The older boy grabs the back of the neck of the bully's jacket, pulling him away from the two boys, "Get! Go before I change my mind about not punching the bloody prick who threatens kids half his size!" The bully runs off once he is free, sprinting out of there like his hair is on fire.
"We'll see I suppose, eventually we won't be able to bring it outside when the weather gets colder or it will die." As he says this they round a corner, his apartment building comes into view. It is a nice building, his apartment near the top floor, one of the bigger apartments.
Fawnlock bleated softly as John left, and thought over what his mate had said. The fawn decided that John was right, just because he hadn't seen the fawn's full personality, doesn't mean he won't still love him after he discovers it all.
He slid a dark palm up John's bare golden chest and pushed the jumper up the rest of the way, ridding his mate of the woolen sweater.
"Oh right!" Still, hand in hand, they run into the house, to grab the house phone before retreating to Sherlock's room.
Niko here with chapter 3 edited! Enjoy
"Thank you."  Mycroft shows himself to John's room, smiling.
They’d fought so much, when they should have helped each other through the pain. He tilted his head in thought, then nodded. He /was/ lonely, the weight of the kingdom hanging heavy on his shoulders, and no one to help shoulder the burden, or to come home to and soothe away his worries. Companionship changed a person. It was something he both wanted and needed. Sometimes his brother could be so wise.
Sherlock smiles in greeting to his friend, "John! Do you like marshmallows?" He asks, stopping to sit beside John and slip off his chucks and roll up his jeans. He sticks his bare feet into the pool beside John's and kicks them lightly as the little fish tickle his feet.
"Yes Greg, thank you." John giggles again, pouncing on Sherlock and hugs him.
Unfortunately, it will only be for part of the summer, at least Sherlock will experience what it is like to have a real friend.
He knew the fawn was close as he felt him tense up, and the desperate call of his name before he came, filling John's mouth with a liquid heat that slid down his throat.
His first sort of kind of 'date'... (If you can call tutoring a date. - Study date perhaps.) and with a handsome, older guy too! Mycroft suddenly mentally chides himself.
Mycroft gives a tiny shake of the head. He suspected about their mother but... he really didn't want to concern Sherlock just yet. Not until he was certain. However, he is suspicious that their mother has begun to deteriorate because of her severe depression about their father's death.
His ears flicked at John's words, Fawnlock hummed, nodding,  "Yes, much better, very soothing.. And comfy." He smirked softly, his nose twitching at the new scents in the bath, he could pick out a flowery scent... Lilac and something else something he wasn't familiar with.
John smiled at that, not too devastated over being unable to read fae writing unless it was from Fawnlock's hand. It wasn't as if John wouldn't have a lifetime of being with the fawn.
And I told you to be fine,
As Fawnlock turned to stare out the window, John took the opportunity to stare at the fae's profile while he was occupied, the majestic arch of his antlers and the slope of his lightly freckled nose. He had lived so long as the sole guardian of the wood, caring for all it's creatures and protecting them. He'd seen the way he treated Mrs. Hudson, and even John himself, jumping to his rescue when he'd only been a complete stranger. That made John remember the wound he'd suffered, and his gaze dropped to the fawn's forearm. However, John felt the fawn's gaze shift back to him and he looked up, meeting those pale silvery eyes. "What is it like? To be so connected to the woods. They are like a living thing...It must be lovely to be so connected to something completely. It must be a bit like love, I would think." He looked wistful for a moment, then blinked and returned back to the present. "A lonely sort of love though. Tress can't exactly hold you close or kiss your cheek."
Greg huffs a chuckle, "Why thank you, you're not too bad at snogging yourself..." He nuzzles against Mycroft's jaw line.
"You're the most brilliant person I know."  He pulls Sherlock onto the lift and presses the button for his floor.  He stands there smiling with a blush on his face as they wait.
"Where are you parked?" He asks, trying to remain as calm as possible. He is both excited and nervous.
"It's really easiest just to sop it all up with the bits of toast," he explained, doing just that by scooping beans and egg onto a corner of the bread, then taking a bite and chewing around a grin.
He hugged Fawnlock tighter, pulling him up into John's lap while the blond roamed his fingers in calming patterns down his mate's spine.
John was slightly surprised that Fawnlock was going to meet with his brother so soon, but the longer they waited, the less chance they'd have to get on his good side.
Was the fawn acting on instinct or tradition? And would he even know, abandoned so young? Maybe he could take Mrs. Hudson aside and ask her about it. He didn't want to commit some faux pas and end up ruining the whole thing. He was quite fond of Fawnlock's kisses and nuzzles.
Anyway i'm going to try super hard to update more frequently until I have no more of the rp to go off of. Also anything contained in // these, is in fae speech, I may or may not go back to the earlier chapters and fix this, but i'm not too sure.))
John swallows hard but nods and goes into the other room.
Mycroft Holmes, age fourteen, nearly six foot tall, a bit chubby but he loves his sweets, can you blame him? He is dressed in his school uniform, dress pants, blazer and tie with a white dress shirt. His ginger hair combed back. He waits outside the limousine for his baby brother, Sherlock, age seven, a little over four feet tall and has the wildest head of dark brown curls to ever born to a child.
"How much?"
"You think he won't approve. You're a Prince after all, royalty. I'm just some old army doctor." John smiled gently and pulled Fawnlock towards him, pressing a kiss to his forehead. "His approval doesn't matter to me. But I want to do everything right by you. You're the one that matters to me. He's going to find out sooner or later, right? He's got those spies in the woods...surely they told him we were together that day."
He looks around after shouldering his satchel's strap and picking up his sneakers, "You came from that direction, right?" He asks, nodding in the direction he assumes John came from.
Caught, John bolted upright, his fork clattering loudly on the plate. A new streak of scarlet crept over his cheeks and his eyes dipped downwards as he began to apologize profusely. "Sorry, sorry. Didn't mean to." Well not exactly. He sort of had meant to stare. He was beyond smitten with this fantastic creature, and it apparently was written plainly over his face. Even a fae of the forest could pick up on his social faux pas. "I just...I've never known anything or seen anyone like you." He smiled bashfully and picked up his fork again and speared a few more bites, using them as a distraction as he gathered his wits back around him. When he'd prepared himself, he glanced at Fawnlock from the corners of his eyes and offer up a brief chuckle. "Ahh, I must sound like an idiot. I'm not like this usually, I swear. Sort of awestruck I guess."
"I, uh... is there anything I can do for you?" He asks, blushing faintly at the attention he is suddenly getting.
"Thank you, Myc."
"Good afternoon, mummy." He leans up and places a quick kiss on her cool cheek, "How are you?"
John pushed up onto his feet and without even pausing to drag on pants, was running outside, flinging the door open. Spotting the crumpled form of the fawn in the grass, John ran over and knelt down, reaching for his mate and gently checking the dark patches of blood on his fur. The fawn gave a soft smile as he saw John crossing to him in the garden. Cursing, John slid his arms under the fae and lifted him up, cradling him gently and holding him against John's chest. Carrying him into the cottage, John moved into the kitchen, setting the fawn on the edge and sweeping everything on the table onto the floor so he could lay his mate back on the tablecloth. Fawnlock cuddled into John chest as he carried him and stayed still for his mate as he checked him over
John didn't expect either brother to suddenly have patched things up after a single meeting. It wasn't the sort of thing you could just put a plaster on. But he knew his mate needed that connection with his brother. Family was important. John yearned for a connection with his sister as well, but they weren't at that point yet. She still preferred the bottle over her brother.
Fawnlock smiled softly at John's words, ears twitching, he completely believed the human when he promised such things. He knew deep down that John wouldn't let anything part the pair if he could, things may happen in the future, but John would always try and do his best for the fawn.
John suddenly remembered Fawnlock's brother was a King, and he stopped beside his mate, bowing his head in respect. "Your Highness. Thank you for your visit to our home."
Soon his thoughts drifted back to his impending meeting with his elder brother, the fawn's ears dropped slightly, his bottom lip jutting out slightly in a pout. His eyes darkened slightly as he thought about what he was about to do, he wanted Moosecroft to respect and acknowledge his and John's love, it was an almost tangible thing between the mates, and surely even his brother wasn't too ignorant or snobby to ignore the obvious bond. Fawnlock knew deep inside that he couldn't live without his mate, not now, not after he'd finally found his love. His John.
The Fae kept his hand moving, but at a slower pace, milking John's orgasm, drinking in the brilliant sight of his mate's face as he found release. Fawnlock gave a slightly smug smirk, pressing kisses up back up the scar and over John's shoulder.
Now that the worry of last night was a distance concern of the past with Fawnlock on the mend, he could focus simply on the thrill of new love once again and how it made every bit of him sing with a warmth that grew in his ribcage and spread down to every limb till he was filled to bursting.
"See if you can read these, one's a page of my notes, and the others a letter from Moosecroft." The fawn explained softly, rubbing against his mate carefully.
Fawnlock squeezed the human's fingers gently, "Thank you John, for caring so much about this wood... And me.." He added at the end, head bowed slightly. He lifted his head once more to scan the trees and forest floor.
Sherlock tilts his head as he speaks, "At the beginning of the summer my teachers were discussing accelerating me into a higher grade, my brother wasn't told if I was or not a few weeks before school actually started. When we found out Mycroft wanted me to go to a better school so he had my files transferred two weeks ago." His brows furrow slightly, "Neither of us knew you came here, but I'm glad you do."
The fawn nodded and gave a soft happy bleat, leaning forward slightly to nuzzle the human's jaw as a departing gesture. "Goodnight John, stay safe." He bowed his head slightly before reluctantly exiting the house. He padded into the woods, and once under the cover of the woods, he stopped, turning back to watch John close the door. After he was sure the human was secure inside, he stepped out and carefully wove a protection spell to lay on John's cottage. The fawn huffed in satisfaction as a soft glow enveloped the cottage before fading, the spell was intricate and would take a lot to break. Fawnlock watched as a ring of toadstools popped up around the cottage, including John's garden, a sign of his protection. He nodded and started to make his way home.
