“Well I sure hope so,” the brunet leers even as he takes Steve’s hand. “I’m Tony.”
Warnings: NONE.
“If you can wait an hour, you’ll get all the helpings of my Ma’s Irish Stew you can stomach.”
“You better be,” he mutters.
Steve nods. “Yeah, I…” His voice trails off as he looks around, and Tony sees a shiver run through him. “I rememb-ber a b-building… ‘tasha… Are
“You have frosting on your cheek.”
“--didn’t get to ask, how was Japan?”
“What’s--” Steve begins, only to blush and stammer when he pulls it away to get a better look. “Oh. Oh, geez,” he mumbles, and meets Pepper’s eyes hesitantly. “I’m awfully sorry, Ms. Potts--”
“I have to be dreaming. I’m dreaming, yeah, pinch me.”
“Yes?” Tony hears, from high above his head, but then he tries to turn and fuck--
A burst of warmth blooms in his chest, spreading to every point of his body until his blood is practically bursting with it. He barely registers Natasha leaving the room, and it’s not until Steve’s hand comes up to wipe at Tony’s cheek that Tony realizes he’s crying.
“He won’t apologize, you know,” Rhodey says, breaking the silence that Steve would give anything to hear filled with Tony’s laughter. “He’d do this for just about anyone, but for you? He wouldn’t even blink.”
“I will now,” Tony grins, and on impulse, leans up--
“Tony, I know,” Steve sighs, but Tony doesn’t see a single shred of regret.
“Finish your pancakes--”
“What?” he breathes, heart beating pathetically fast now.
The bright red door that he loves so much because it’s
“On what you think of this,” he points to the painting. “If you don’t mind sharing…”
“How?”
, his brain is screaming, blood rushing to his head so fast he can barely hear himself breathe and he can’t keep looking at Steve, has to look away so that he doesn’t see the anger and the pity.
Now, room seven isn’t a small room by any means– neither are the rest of the rooms in this wing of the hospital– but his first thought when he enters is that it feels oddly cramped.
,” Tony answers, watching with baited breath as Steve slides the band onto his finger. “Shit, is that–”
“I’m sorry,” she breathes, struggling against her cuffs like she wants to fling herself at him. “I’m sorry,
Damn it.
“Yeah, he’s mine,” Steve nods. “His name’s Rembrandt.”
“Go on, then,” Tony sighs, and grins at his phone when it’s aimed their way. “Lemme see.”
“So kind of you, ma’am.”
“That’s one way of putting it,” Tony says. “He tried making Corned beef--”
“Whose side are you on?” Tony narrows his eyes, but there’s no hiding his smile as Steve pulls him away.
Steve is all dimples and sunshine. “Yes, sir.”
“You still feelin’ any pain?”
“No thanks,” Clint smirks, but turns serious a second later. “God, just go talk to him, will you?”
“What? It’s hot, not gonna lie.”
“Mhmm ‘kay,”
“Stop,” Tony warns him, and feels his heart speed up. “Ty–”
Tony just points to the doors across the room. “Pep--”
-  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
“Yeah, especially for Rogers,” Clint sniggers.
“God, you’re… you can’t be serious.”
“I’m sure as hell not gonna leave you to do it alone--”
So that’s why the room feels small.
plays on the giant screen. And even though he thinks he should be happy right now, relaxing next to the love of his life, he feels like crying instead.
“You think I won’t do it?”
“Hold her?” Steve asks, once they low hum of the elevator settles around them.
to watch you die right in front of me makes it easier?”
tea?” their daughter asks. Her hands are already sticky with orange pulp, and Steve doesn’t even wince when she wipes them on the crisp, white sheets.
“I love you too.”
“I’m not going to get more sleep, am I?”
March Prompt #4: "You're crazy."
There’s a moment of silence, and then Tony’s breath catches in his throat, because the next thing he hears is the sound of his mother’s voice.
“Was there someone inside?” Tony interrupts, and feels something in his chest tighten when Coulson nods.
“I’m a riot.”
“...My stomach’s got a mind of it’s own, though.”
- - - - - - - - - - -
“Well, it’s only fair,” he replies, only barely managing to keep his voice steady.
“We brought sandwiches,” Rhodey holds up a bag.
“I… I don’t really know what to say.”
“Yeah, you would. You’re Steve Rogers.”
“Well buck up and take one more, Shellhead.”
Tony tries not to tense, tightening his hold on Steve. “Your Ma?”
“Speaking of muffins...”
“Are we good?”
“Hey hey, it’s okay, baby. I’m here, Papa’s here,” he coos, lifting her warm, light frame into his arms. “Guess you’re not goin’ anywhere today either.”
“Okay, moment officially over. Go on your disgusting little run and I’ll stay here like all the normal people and sleep until it’s not actually dark anymore.”
“You know I’m happy here, right?”
“Steve–”
“Why?” Tony manages to warble out, shoulders heaving from what he will forever deny is a sob.
“Cookies!” Steve crows, tapping Tony’s arm excitedly. “Tony, cookies!”
“Maybe she thought he’d like to do it himself.”
“Hey–”
You too, Sam.”
- - - - -
Steve just nods, and then Tony holds his breath when he steps closer.
- - - - -
“Chicken’s on your left.”
“And make everyone’s day? I don’t think so,” Tony huffs. “If I’m miserable, the whole fucking world’s gonna be miserable with me. You’re so hot when you get all Captain-y, though.”
Steve tells him, days later, about the job his mom’s friend gets for him as bag boy at the nearby supermarket, and how he’s going to start saving a quarter of every check. In two years, he says with a grin, they’ll have plenty for the trip.
, but she said I can call’er Pepper, and she got red hair, and she’s the smartest girl in the class. I shared some o’my cookies for lunch, and she helped me with m’numbers."
“What--what, Steve,
Thanks for reading!
“Yeah? What’re you drawing?” Tony asks, and watches with rapt attention as Steve suddenly can’t meet his eyes. “Oh, hey, whoa, is it... is it me?”
fucking thing, Steve."
“Sure thing, sunshine,” he whispers.
"Big deal. Another year, woo-hoo..."
“You don’t have to--”
Steve’s eyes are only a sliver of blue, but the love in them is unmissable. “Tony?”
“Not your sanity, I’m guessing. The not blinking thing’s kind of creepin’ me out right now.”
“Give it here, then, I’ll do it for you,” Barnes holds out a hand expectantly, and Clint hands over his mug with a glare at Tony.
“Why are you doing this?” Steve asks, but he doesn’t look or sound pissed anymore, and Tony’s so relieved, he can’t hold back anymore.
- - - - -
From where he’s sitting beside Tony, Rhodey lets out a huff. “Show of hands, who honestly saw this coming?”
“You’re a menace, Rogers,” Tony says, wrapping an arm around the blond’s shoulder. “But wear it again next time, and I’ll get a Cap shirt. It’ll be a riot.”
Tony turns to Steve and pouts. “Guess we gotta share her now, huh?”
,” Steve winks, and pulls Tony close before he can stop him. “C’mon, Tony-- I’ll keep ya warm, I promise.”
? It’s not like he’s never been told he’s beautiful before.
, you– I know you never wanted anyone else to know but I don’t know what else to do, I don’t know how else to convince you–”
MERRY CHRISTMAS! :D
“I didn’t mean it like that.”
“Hey.”
“So… You, uh, talk about me a lot, do ya?”
“They weren’t complaining. Everybody loves Iron Man.”
“What was that portal you came through from?”
“Tony–”
“Just trying to get prepared,” Tony replies, the words coming out a little rough. “I thought you’d appreciate that, Mr. ‘Star-Spangled Man With A Plan’.”
“…Yeah.”
“Rogers,
“What’s yours, handsome?”
“Isn’t this, y’know, your thing?” Tony waves his hand in the direction of the tent entrance. “Nature, morning, all that shit?”
"Th'... r-red, beardy sunnuvabitch!"
Tony’s heart skips a beat. “Sap,” he mumbles, but he’s smiling so hard, his cheeks almost ache. “Remind me why we’re friends again?”
“Shit,” Barnes drawls-- Tony feels Rhodey tense behind him– but then… “Lookin’ sharp, Stark.”
It’s a fucking dream, not gonna lie. As in, I’ve actually had dreams about it.
“Hi, mom,” he chokes out, and feels his lips tremble as he smiles.
“‘Kay,” she breathes, and Tony hums when Steve leans in to kiss her cheek.
“What kind of puppy are you looking for, then?”
The sound of the door to the nursery opening softly makes the words trail off, as Pepper’s tall, familiar form enters the room, and Tony opens his mouth to speak again, only to stop short when he sees the tears in her eyes.
“Well, sure they do—“
“Language, Tony.”
Tony sighs, and flips back the covers. “Everyone’s up already, aren’t they?”
March Prompt #7: “Cuddle?”
“On your head.“
“Steve,” Tony narrows his eyes.
Oh, right.
“Oh fine,” he sighs, and then he’s yelping seconds later, when Steve flips him so that he’s lying across the couch, with a two-hundred pound blond covering him from head to toe.
“But what? Where the fuck is this coming from?” Tony growls, and now it’s
Warnings: NONE.
“Stop!” He gasps. “
,” he croaks, hands clenched at his side to keep them from brushing the tears in his eyes. He won’t let them fall.
“Oh, my sweet summer child,” Tony huffs pitifully, dabbing at his nose with a tissue. “You’re still so naive to the ways of the world–”
“Thanks,” Steve ducks his head shyly for a moment before turning Pepper’s way. “Miss Potts—”
“Hey, hey,” Steve brings a hand to tip Tony’s chin up, and offers a tiny smile when their eyes meet. “It’s okay. You didn’t interrupt anything.”
Steve’s gasp is almost comical. “Oh–you really don’t– y’know what? Let me just… you shouldn’t be paying for this, you’re more than welcome to just
Steve laughs fondly. “What– heads, we go North, tails, we go South?”
“I killed her.”
“Pipe down, MC Hammer,” Tony says, eyes locking with the tiny god’s through the rear view mirror.
“I h-hate th’c-cold.”
“Yes, Clint?
“Shut up and start walkin’, pal.”
something’s wrong,” Steve sighs. “Just tell me what happened.”
Only to have his heart skip a beat, and then another.
“I hope they remember this,” Steve says, turning in his seat to face Tony. “I hope they remember how special you made their holidays.”
“I love you.”
“God, can’t you make this go any faster, I’m–”
“Happy birthday!” His team yells, before he’s even taken three steps onto the floor, and Pepper watches every emotion play out openly on his face—confusion, realization, and finally, incandescent happiness as he makes his way further into the room.
“Nope, too late,” Tony groans, wiggling closer to the warm bulk of his best friend. “I’m not leaving, ‘n neither are you. I’m dyin’ here, Rogers, come on, have mercy.”
“Well it was worth it, and I don’t regret it.”
. It pisses on half the surfaces it finds, and claws the other half. More than once, Tony’s come home to shredded pillows, the smell of urine all around his furniture, and Jarvis sitting right in the middle of the mess, eyes big and green and smug as anything. But Tony
“Laying it on a bit thick, aren’t you?” Steve laughs. “I already bought your food.”
“If it’s any consolation,” Steve grins, “they’re all yours, baby.”
Bella nods, giggling quietly as Cat rubs himself along her feet. “I good, Daddy!”
- - - - -
“I thought I wasn’t allowed to smile at anyone.”
“Zip. It,” Tony hisses, eyes narrowed in concentration as he carefully spreads bright green frosting over one of the many Christmas tree-shaped cookies sitting in front of him, and Steve feels a rush of fondness run through him at the sight.
“But guess what? He also gives the best hugs.”
“– and then left me to set up the tent by myself–”
"I told you you’d be fine,” Steve says, when he enters the kitchen with half a dozen bags hanging from his arms.
“Heads up, Banner!”
“Christ, and here I was thinking the cake was sweet...”
“You’re still wearing your suit,” Steve mumbles, poking at Tony’s side even as his voice grows fainter. “Nat said y’were working?”
He leaves everything out and ready, and then sends a mass text as he leaves the tower, to everyone but his boyfriend:
“Damn fucking right I am,” Tony groans. “God, we should be going at it like rabbits by now.”
“It already is. You’re here with me,” Steve replies, and god help him, Tony believes every word.
“Guess I don’t have a choice, huh?”
“Besides, all your hovering around here is getting annoying.”
“Learned your lesson, then?” he asks, when their chuckles finally fade into silence.
Nothing.
“Must be my lucky day,” Tony replies.
Tony bursts into laughter so strong, Natasha’s grip on his shoulder grows white-knuckled. “Menace,” he giggles after a good minute, calming the grumbles coming from his pint sized teammate with a gentle rub of her back, and Steve waits for the flutter in his stomach to settle before speaking again.
“Alright,” Tony nods decisively, and sits up to leave the bed. “If that’s the way we’re doing it, hold the fort. I’ll be right back.”
“So... are we there yet?” he asks with a smirk.
“Yeah,” the Captain replies, “he did— not that your father was ever fully involved. But he’d lend a hand here or there, every once in a while, and he helped end the feud all those years ago. He helped save the city.”
“Steve!”
“It’s all you, babe,” he whispers fiercely, and means it with everything he has. “She’s
Natasha nods.
“Look!” Tony beams, and picks up a magazine to push it at Steve’s chest.
“You’re so impatient,” Steve says, but pulls Tony closer until their cocks brush against each other through their pants.
“Because I’ve never had anyone look at anything I’ve done like you did today. I... all an artist ever wants is for their art to say something to someone, and if that’s the case here… it’s more than I could’ve ever asked. So I’d like you to have it. I can just–”
Sequel to Chapter 105! :D
But then he turns his head, and finds he’s not alone.
bad,” Steve says sheepishly.
"Didn't anyone debrief you on the way?" Bucky asks, because he's almost desperate to break the mood.
“Patience, my young padawan,” he looks down at Barton, who frowns.
Steve grins. “You know it,” he says, and gently takes Tony’s wrist towards the kitchen island. “Wanna change before you eat?”
“That’s more like it.”
“Can we do it after? Open it so we can know for sure.”
“Never mind that. And Bruce, don’t stack your books so high.”
“I know you said it wouldn’t be easy, but we’ve been okay, right? And I told you you could tell me anything, but…”
“Mmhmm,” Tony nods, and relishes the feel of Steve’s lips as they caress his jaw. “Think you can handle it, Cap? Or is it too...
“Hey Buck,” Steve calls out softly.
“Unless the scans show something I haven’t caught,” Steve replies, “he should be good to go. Can’t fall asleep for a couple’a hours, though– it was a pretty nasty concussion.”
“I’m so fucking easy, Jesus Christ,” he sighs. “Now put those eyes away, will ya?”
“I don’t know, it just reminded me of you.”
. But that’s not even... His kids are half in love with him, and he walks around in every class, just, I don't know what he tells them, but he makes them all smile and he... he makes me smile. And just look at this, I'm sending it to you now."
"Because this is the kind of thing you need to tell me."
“Don’t sweat it, Cap,” he finally says, chest warming when Steve gives him a shy, happy grin.
“Auntie… I like the sound of that,” Pepper smiles, and when she doesn’t even look up at them, Tony can’t blame her in the slightest.
“This is bullshit, is what it is,” the blond sighs, shoulders sagging mournfully. He looks like the most adorably aggressive little puppy, and Tony almost laughs.
“Forget it,” Steve sighs.
There’s no response this time.
It’s loud enough to break the moment, and Tony only just manages to smother the whimper at the loss of those lips, and those hands. And those eyes.
“'r you’n ‘ngel?” he asks, because
Tony looks away. "How do you know?” he whispers.
“Helps that most days aren’t holidays too, I’m guessing?”
“Yep.”
“If you weren’t hooked up to an IV, I’d kick your ass,” says a familiar voice close to his feet, and a moment later, Natasha’s face comes into view.
“Yeah?” Steve’s eyes are barely open now, and for the first time since they brought him in from the snowy New York Streets, Tony doesn’t panic at the sight.
Steve feels a flush flood his cheeks. “No.”
“Tony--”
“I’ll make it up to you later, darling.”
– a couple of hours.” His own hands run up and down Steve’s back. “This suit is a fucking
“Sorry.”
This morning is dim and grey, with rain splattering heavily on the outer windows loud enough to disrupt the steady tempo of Tony’s voice as he goes over catalysts and chemical reactions. He’s just getting ready to take questions, though, when the first riffs of “
Tony takes a long, long moment to take in the blond’s comfortingly fresh scent, before pulling away. “What’re you doing here, Cap?”
“It’s–
?” Tony asks, ragged and shaky as he feels.
“But I’m sorry,” Steve says, and for all that Tony wants to run away, he finds himself rooted to his spot. “For everything. For what I said, back when we met.”
“She has her days,” Tony smiles fondly, and tries not to feel jealous of a dog.
"Yeah, well this is
real. And if you don’t know by now… if you don’t know that I can’t think of
"So that's why I've been awfully busy these past few weeks," Steve laughs. "I thought I'd suddenly become Mr. Popular or something, the way I couldn't get a day to myself."
,” is all he can think, all he can say, softly and gently against Steve’s smiling lips, and when he leans back in to seal the deal with another kiss, the feeling of their hands intertwined fills his chest with pure, incandescent
“Guess I’ll have to spend some more time down there, huh? Gotta make it up to him.”
“St-Steve!” he yells, whipping his head to find his best friend, only to whimper when the world starts turning dangerously.
"I figured,” Tony’s still smiling, and then looks down at his phone. “Oh crap... right, I’m gonna have to go now, princess,” he bends down to kiss Pepper’s head. “Gotta go be an adult and do boring adult things. But how ‘bout you and I and Bucky and Mr. Rogers go for ice cream after school to talk about your costumes?”
Hammer’s smile doesn’t leave his face. “Just thought I’d see how you’re doing.”
“You havin’ a good time?”
From her perch on Tony’s arms, Natasha whimpers in displeasure at being woken up, and Tony runs his fingers through her silky locks without hesitation. “Shouldn’t’ve been awake at the ass crack of dawn just to wake me up via heart attack,” he says, but it comes out more like a coo than anything else. “Don’t you want to open your presents now? You can sleep some more later, hmm?”
“Shut up.”
“Aw, that’s just–”
“Yeah, seems it, huh, Mr. Stark?”
“But then you opened it that one time, in the morning--”
During the summer between junior and senior year, everything changes.
“It doesn’t look like a dog.”
“Why?” is all he can say.
“Yeah, Papa’s my iced venti Cap,” Tony winks at Steve, who rolls his eyes even as he feels his ears start to burn. “But you’re my little one,
“I know, but–”
“Yeah,” is all Steve says, and oh, there’s so much awe in his voice, it hurts to hear it.
“Not seeing it right now, honey--”
Summer of Stony prompt #1: “Kind of romantic, isn’t it?”
Steve’s laughter is immediate and loud, and if he’s where Clint thinks he is, he can imagine all the SHIELD agents’ faces as Captain America laughs his head off right there in HQ.
“Thank you, sweetie,” he smiles magnanimously. “Now, what’s Daddy doing with his tablet during tea time, huh?”
“If you say so.”
“Do you?” Steve asks, and finds himself a little breathless as he waits for an answer.
?” he frowns exaggeratedly as he lowers his voice, and really, he knows it’s a shitty impersonation of Steve, but he doesn’t really care. “We had this in the bag, Rogers.”
“You are when you’re with me,” he mumbles against a warm, clean shoulder, fingers threading the edge of Steve’s SHIELD issued t-shirt.
He buys the pair of tickets that same night: first class, departing to London at eight in the morning on the eleventh of July.
“Mhmm, back atcha, stud,” Tony breathes, eyes wide and hazy as they both pull away.
“What do you need?”
“Don’t you?”
“She’s four,” Steve laughs.
“I don’t blame them, gorgeous.” Tony grins.
The notes keep coming.
“Hmm?”
From behind him, Tony hears Steve gasp. “Bucky…”
“Boring, without you. Pep’s keeping me sane, but everybody knows I’m just here to wave and look pretty.”
“What the
“Your dreams, you meatball.”
"Then imagine my surprise when the first thing they fucking tell me when I get off the plane, after a fourteen hour flight, is that the Avengers have been at HQ all day--"
’s being directed at Steve hit him like a punch in the gut.
Steve’s heart skips a beat. “Yeah?”
Steve’s standing by the stove, all broad shoulders and deliciously muscled arms moving over multiple pans. He’s chuckling at something one of them’s just said, and Tony’s focused so much on the wonderful sound, that it takes him a second or two to notice the room’s gone quiet.
Steve laughs again, and when Tony’s heart picks up speed again, he thinks he may not be such a cynic after all.
Warnings: NONE.
Tony just tightens his own arms around Steve’s waist, and feels Steve smile into his hair.
“--but it’s true,” Steve ducks his head shyly as he fiddles with a corner of his sketchbook cover, then looks back up to meet Tony’s eyes again through those unfairly long eyelashes. “I get tongue-tied just lookin’ at ya sometimes.”
“We can’t wing it if we’re not moving, sunshine.”
“Sure am, Spangles.”
,” their little girl replies.
“More than...breakfast?”
“No worries, gorgeous. The bump on my head was worth the view you gave me.”
But this time, the cold, sharp stab of terror that comes with the memories– every time, without fail, except
“Rockin’ the wet t-shirt look though, Stark,” Natasha says, walking past them with a bowl of fruit salad she sets down on the large patio table already teeming with food.
“Good thing I don’t want to, then,” Steve says, and revels in the warmth of their bodies as they drift off to sleep.
“I’ll bring you a souvenir then, yeah?”
“Oh my god, are you–”
“No, she’s mine.”
“Better than last year?” Tony mutters, and the dimness of the room isn’t dark enough to hide the sight of Steve Rogers rolling his eyes as he elbows him.
Warnings: NONE.
“Well, I think we can all agree this has been great, “Tony says, “but I really have places to go, and people to placate. Here’s my card,” he holds his hand out, and grins when the Captain takes it, fingers brushing softly against his. With a parting wave, he walks toward the door before stopping.
Tony’s smile turns giddy. “Can I get your number, gorgeous?”
“Is that so?”
” comes the faint, distant reply from Jarvis, and little Tony holds up the doll as the sound of footsteps grows louder.
“Jesus, I missed you.”
“You fucking– I take back the ‘I love you–
, developing more feelings for his best friend is about the last thing he needs--God knows the ones he already has haven't been easy to ignore, but Tony's done a fucking beautiful job of doing it.
Steve looks into his mug, now full of steaming coffee, and then looks up. “Like I’m... less.”
The words are out before Tony’s even finished thinking them. “Is it a kiss?”
"'Sleepin’ in with Papa'," Steve reads the caption, and then pulls Tony in a little closer. "I didn't know you'd taken a picture. You never said..."
But then it happens.
, Tony’s mind screams.
Warnings: NONE.
“Still, it’s pretty impressive stuff.” Steve admits.
He swears it lasts for years, but then Steve pulls away and it’s too much and not enough all at once. When Tony’s mind comes back on, the machine beside his bed is beeping frantically, which makes Steve laugh-- cheeky bastard-- and Tony just wants more of
“Tony,” she repeats, leaning forward just as the other end of the line erupts into a frenzy.
He has no idea how long it lasts, but they both pull away with gasps that echo around them. “You know I love you, right?”
“Did I, like, say something without thinking again? I apologized in advance, y’know, and I probably didn’t mean it– scratch that, I definitely didn’t mean it, whatever it was.”
Steve's closer now, right hand clenched at his side. “How do you know I hate the cold?”
“She won’t,” Steve says softly. “She sleeps like the dead.”
,” she points to the caption.
Steve’s lips are barely quirked up at both ends, but his eyes are the most earnest things Tony’s ever seen, both guarded and curious as they hold his gaze. He knows he’s being ‘examined’, for lack of a better term, measured up to standards he suddenly finds himself afraid he won’t meet. But just as he’s about to pull away– in every damn way he knows– Steve’s face softens, and he nods, pulling out a worn, early generation StarkPhone. “Okay,” he says shyly.
For a couple of seconds, there’s no response, but then Steve’s lips open almost imperceptibly, and the soft groan that leaves them has Tony sighing in relief. “
“As long as you keep it that way, then.”
“Then what? I can’t imagine you’d need me for anything else. Though for you,” Tony grins mischievously, “I could think of more than a few things.”
“Steve--”
"About an hour ago,” Steve replies, and Tony's surprised to see his fingers fiddling with his cowl.
“And by ‘thing’, you mean ‘make out session with a tentacle man’?” Rhodey asks with a grin, nodding his head at the scatter of telltale bruises marking Tony’s neck, and the room erupts into a chorus of snickers and whistles.
“It’s the least you could do.”
“What?”
“You guys make me sick,” is the last thing Tony hears someone yell before the elevator doors open and he’s pressed up against one of the tiny walls.
I'm trying to get back into the writing mood, guys.
“I need
“Tony--”
“Hopeless, Jesus Christ,” Tony rolls his eyes, and steps closer to the bars separating them from their best friends. “Rhodey, what the fuck are you talking abou--”
Bucky and Pepper are still tied at the hip, so much so that Steve starts to wonder if his brother might have crush on her. But when he asks him, Bucky just shakes his head, and climbs on the couch next to him.
“Th-thanks.”
Tony kisses him.
“Like you’d ever say no to him,” Rhodey laughs. “Especially on his birthday.”
“I don’t mind,” Steve smiles, as soft as his eyes are fond. “And as long as you help with the dishes-- which you always do-- I’m more than happy to keep doing it.”
Steve pulls back until he can touch his forehead to Tony’s. “Wouldn’t be the least I’d ever do for you, Tony Stark.”
Tony finds he’s liking her more and more by the second.
“My hero,” Tony mutters, but then Steve’s softens, and when he pulls him to his side, arm settled comfortably around Tony’s shoulders, both of them are almost smiling.
"What are you doing?" Steve sighs again, and Bucky laughs because he knows what's coming.
“Well yeah, obviously,” Tony scoffs, and then it’s his turn to grin again when Steve rolls his eyes and lets out a chuckle. Ellie yips in what Tony decides to take as agreement, and from his spot at Steve’s feet, Remy watches them all with his tail wagging contently.
“I’ll be old and gray by the time you catch me, Spangles.”
“Maybe it’ll teach him not to pull shit like this,” Tony swallows, sparing a glance over his shoulder to meet the woman’s concerned gaze.
“Hey, it’s
“Nice to meet you, Tony.”
“Good f’r you.”
“I think I know how to spell my name,” Steve replies, the slightest hitch in his breath when he says it.
“Tony--”
” she sing songs, when a faint giggle echoes around the corner. “
Blue eyes stare back at him in disbelief, before lighting up with glee. “You bought our daughter a
But he manages to hide his excitement— if anything good ever came out of having Howard as a father, it was definitely his ability to keep everything inside— as he sticks another note in the glass. He follows Rogers' lead and leaves before the other man sees any of it:
“If you say so, genius,” Steve laughs, warm and fond and so blatantly smitten, it’s almost embarrassing; luckily, their team returns before either he or Tony can acknowledge it. “Right, so, first thing’s first... this was
Summer of Stony prompt #27: “You’re up early.”
“Come back!”
He doesn’t know how he makes it all the way to the end, but eventually Steve sits in the middle of his gifts and starts opening them-- he does it every year, without fail, and it’s such a
"You're only on the naughty list if you get caught!"
-------------------
Tony blinks. “Well?”
“I don’t know why I was expecting anything even remotely normal,” Steve settles back into his seat, grinning playfully. “But honestly, as long as you’re here, I don’t care what we end up doing.”
Warnings: NONE.
“Sounds like you’re the one doing all the itching.”
“Only for you.”
“Hey, he’s gonna do great,” Steve defends him.
. “Thanks,” she says instead. “Hope you don’t think that means you’re getting any, though.”
The rope is rough around his wrists, but it’s not so tight that he can’t move his hands, and he has them free in seconds. So either Tony Stark managed to get kidnapped by idiots— in which case he’s going laugh about this until he forgets it, like he’s forgotten about every other time except… you know— or they didn’t actually mean to keep him captive. He’s not sure which it is for now, but he’s sure as fuck not going stay here and find out.
,” Tony points out after a while.
Tony waggles his eyebrows before obeying. “Oooh, bossy. That’s hot.”
“That was fast-- not even married yet, and you’re already after the big bucks.”
“Papa, yours!” Their daughter holds out a tiny tea cup, and Steve takes it with a happy ‘thank you’ before taking a sip.
“Wouldn’t put it quite like that,” Blondie laughs, “but thanks for the support.”
“Language,” Steve says, poking Tony in the rib, and chuckles when the brunet yelps.
“I’m not
“So yeah, I, uh, might need some help every once in a while, if you’re up for it-- not that it has to be you, I can... I can talk to Rhodey if you want, or, or Barton, they’d probably hit it off--”
Sure enough, only his and Tony’s mugs are left on the counter, but Steve goes up to their room instead, smiling at the sight of his lover splayed out under their covers. He’s in and out the shower in five minutes, and once he’s dressed, he kneels by the bed and pulls the sheets off Tony’s head.
“But this– all these… attacks, and insults,” Steve shakes his head. “It’s disgusting.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Steve’s the one who threw the ball,” Bucky counters, crossing his arms and looking for all the world like it’s
Tony shakes his head. “’s why he has Ir’n Man,” he pokes the helmet splayed out on Steve’s shirt. “They fly t’gether.”
“Shut up,” Rhodey growls. “And we’re telling you now: this is the last time you fuck around with him.”
Tony can’t help the disbelieving laugh that climbs out of him, and almost looks away again when it comes out a little like a sob.
Warnings: NONE.
Now, hours later, Tony’s decided not to go down without a fight next time.
Tony grins. “See? Easy.”
OMG I'M SO SORRY, IT'S LATE, I KNOW IT'S LATE, BUT I DIDN'T HAVE TIME TO PUT IT UP EARLIER CUZ I WENT IN TO WORK EARLY AND I JUST HAD THE WORST TIME AND I'M SO TIRED
“Okay then, remember that one time in sixth grade…”
“You can take off the ropes, but you cannot leave,” she tells him.
MERRY CHRISTMAS, EVERYONE! :D Thank you so much for all your friendship and support! Hope you have an amazing day! <3<3<3
“That’s what he said,” Tony replies, already around a mouthful of meat and cheese.
“I vote
Blondie– no,
"Tony."
“Zip it, mister. I just thought…” Steve shrugs, but trails off as he leads Tony out the ballroom and into the chilly night, through carefully trimmed shrubs and leafy walls covered in flowers and fairy lights.
, all dimpled cheeks and crinkled baby blues.
"Get back here, you little shit,” he hisses, but Jarvis just meows again, and then
“‘Kay, y’can have Ms. Marvel...”
And every time Tony wraps his arms around him during the day, every time Tony tells Steve he loves him, every time they make love to each other, Steve just can’t fucking forget those words no matter how hard he tries.
“Yes, okay, this is designer, but don’t even tell me you’re not dying to put her in it. The team’s going to lose their shit.”
“Wanna dance?”
“Keep running that mouth, and I’ll make ‘em all Iron Man ones.”
“Boo, you whore.”
Tony snickers. “Barton spent half the night in the bathroom.”
“Yeah? Well, for future reference, I’d rather have you breathing,” Tony snaps, and god, he can barely breathe through the fear of almost having been too late. “What the fuck would I do without you, huh?” he whispers, forcing the words out even though they feel like blades. “Don’t-- don’t do that again. I don’t care if I get shit for Christmas, I don’t-- I don’t want anything. Just you. Alive.”
“Okay,” is all Steve says, bright eyes filling with tears, and with the sound of the rain still echoing around them, he kisses the smile off Tony’s face with a happy laugh.
Pepper nods, but looks concerned.
Civil Union Fest Prompt #30: “Care to dance?”
Almost.
“Y’know, I came out here to have a good time, and I’m honestly feeling so attacked right now.”
Tony hums, and bites his lip against a smirk. “Does my sexy lumberjack want to pick his own tree? Hmmm?”
“Sharon,” she points to herself. “Alright, Mr. Stark-- tell me what hurts.”
“Sounds like someone I know.”
Bundled up against Steve’s chest with a worn, well-used blanket settled around them as they sit on the balcony of what will soon be their former bedroom, it’s easy to finally let out the words he’s been wanting to for days.
“How ‘bout an early Christmas present,?”
“Hey,” Steve cups Tony’s cheek until their eyes meet. With his boyfriend on his lap, Steve has to look up, and as strange as that is, he suddenly thinks it might be a good thing. “What’s wrong?”
“They know the rules,” Steve replies.
“Hey!” Steve gives him a playful glare. “I’m helpin’
“Better get it quickly, then,” he whispers. “We’ve got… Jay, how many minutes before midnight?”
“Tony.”
“Love you too, cupcake,” Tony says.
Warnings: NONE.
“You callin’ me a liar, Rogers?”
Warnings: NONE.
“Jesus, why did I think it’d be a good idea to marry a sap?” Tony groans, but doesn’t pull away when Steve pulls him into his arms. “You’re killing me, hon.”
“Right… so,” Tony takes in a breath, then another, and wipes his eyes before looking “Should I kneel? I should kneel–”
“Enjoy what the world has to offer, and then you bring both yourselves back in one piece, you hear me?”
Steve nods, and then winces when he looks down at his greasy hands. “Oh, sorry, I’ve– your hand’s all… sorry,” he lets go of Tony’s wrist, and fumbles with the handful of porcelain and now inedible bacon as he stands back up too. His eyes keep moving to and from Tony’s glasses, pale pink blush blooming gorgeously on his cheeks, and god, he’s the most beautiful thing Tony’s ever seen.
“No.”
Steve nods, and moves around the kitchen island until they’re standing side by side. “You’re, um… okay with this?” he asks, and it comes out quiet and unsure, as hesitant as he always feels when it comes to Tony Stark.
“Tony.”
“Howard. When he said you don’t…” Steve visibly swallows, and takes a deep breath. “When he said…”
“Why am I being punished, huh? I’m doing the world a favor--”
March Prompt #21: “Fight me.”
Steve hums affirmatively, and tightens his arms around his new husband’s waist. “A fella could get used to spendin’ all day like this.”
“–and the truck full of marshmallows? Good times,” Steve grins, then tugs Tony closer through the protective vest he wears. “Now take care of yourself out there, soldier,” he says, and Tony rolls his eyes even as his heart skips a beat at how close they are.
Fair enough. Okay, last question: favorite person.
, alright,” Tony purrs, relishing in the surge of victory when Steve visibly shivers even as he rolls his eyes. “Who knew you’d look so good in my things, huh? Jesus Christ...”
“Because what, bud?”
“Why are you stealing my clothes?”
“You know... you
“No, hey no, fine, it’s good, Macaroni’s fine,” he stutters, rocking his arms back and forth. “Good, yummy Macaroni, okay? Don’t cry, sweetheart. Fu–
“I know you’re fine, Cap.”
“That’s exactly what I said.”
Warnings: NONE.
“I’d apologize,” Tony rasps, wincing as he moves each arm and leg, “but I’m just too damn tired to be sorry.”
“Where are we going?”
“No, it’s not like that,” he says, serious as that first day, and Steve wants to laugh at how grown up he sounds. “She said me’n her are like-- like her brother Tony an’ his best friend Ro... Roadee? She says we’re ‘bros’. Wassat mean, Stebe?”
“G-good,” Steve moans.
Um, your suit–
Tony thinks he manages to hide how his body tenses at his captor’s voice, and instead sends a lazy grin to the shadows in the corner with an easiness he really doesn’t feel. His right foot is still tied to the chair, but this is hardly the first time he’s had to make do with what he has.
Tony buries his head back into Steve’s chest. “Why?”
“I love football,” Natasha murmurs.
“I didn’t say it didn’t,” Steve points out. “But this is…it’s kinda fun.”
“Oh shit.” The words are out before Natasha can smother them, and it’s only the fact that these people around her are the only ones she trusts her life to, that keeps her from running out the room because
“No,” Steve says. “Together.”
“Steve,” Tony says, voice just the slightest bit urgent. “Cap, hey, look at me–”
“I’m so sorry.”
“I just see pint-sized monsters,” Tony points out, and yelps when Steve jabs him in the stomach. “Hey!”
“Don’t call me Jim Jam, man,” Rhodey grumbles, but reaches up to get the bright pink bed at the top of a shelf. “It’s pink.”
“Mhmm. Dr. Romanoff said.”
“Are those…”
bad.”
Steve’s eyes are bright with amusement. “But it’s a classic.”
"I fell in love."
“Vibranium? Yeah,” Tony nods, and holds it out. “Last chance to back out.”
Tony throws his head back and laughs. “Oh my god, I’m just gonna shut you up now, okay?” he asks, leaning in until his lips brush Steve’s.
“Then get the fuck outta my way!”
And then a year. And then two more.
Realization hits Tony like a ton of bricks.
“Feed me?”
Tony rolls his eyes. “You know what it is.”
“Naughty Clint, huh?” Natasha teases, and when both boys start nodding enthusiastically, she smirks through the swell of affection that blooms in her chest for them. “He’ll be getting a good lump of coal, then.”
?” He points to Steve, who fidgets where he stands even as a tiny, pretty smile blooms on his face.
It’s Steve’s turn to shrug. His smile is so bright, it should be illegal. “I think I’m entitled to a little smugness, considering the day I’ve had--”
“How?”
“Yep.”
Steve’s laughter is familiar, and fond. “
Tony’s heart make a pathetically happy little jump. “No need to flatter me, big guy. I’m already yours.”
“You know you’re not, right?” Tony asks immediately. “Because that’s just fucking ridiculous--”
“So, uh,” Tony looks over his shoulder, jerking his thumb in Pepper’s direction. “This is Pepper Potts. Ex-PA, current CEO of Stark Industries. Pep... this is Steve Rogers. My husband.”
Pepper cheers her approval, while Bucky looks up at Steve and oh
Summer of Stony prompt #5: “Cuddle with me?”
“Can it, tin man,” Natasha hears him say.
His breathing is deep and steady, chest rising and falling in a way that never fails to comfort Tony, but the hand holding his hasn’t gone limp, and it hasn’t let go.
- - - - -
Steve rolls his eyes fondly. “I already said sorry for the soda–”
think so,” Tony rolls his eyes, and then yelps when Steve all but pulls him into his lap. “Hey! Let me go, you– you
“Um... thanks?”
“Well stop,” Tony snaps, and then feels his heart stop when the words register. “Wait, what…”
“Oh my god, you idiot, you’re gonna get so much shit for this.”
, to be honest-- but the sleepy smirk on her face tells him she knows exactly what he’s doing.
Tony’s heart skips a beat at the soft awe he can hear in the blond’s voice. "I’m just… honestly, I’m trying to imagine how you didn’t have a line of gals at your door back when you looked like this.”
“Then fucking
Better.
“No,” he finally says. He can barely hear anything over the rush of blood that fills his ears, but it’s worth it for the way Tony’s body goes loose again. “It’s crazy, and a little scary, but… you’re worth it. I like you, Tony.”
“Nice?”
“No, stop, he just--”
“Who’s the billionaire here?”
“I just–” Steve squares his jaw, fiddling with the checkered tablecloth. “I saw her aim and– I just… I couldn’t let her shoot you.”
Tony manages to hold back a groan of pleasure. “Can we, y’know...” he waggles his eyebrows, and feels his heart skip a beat when Steve giggles.
But when there’s no response, she knocks her cuffs against the metal table, chains clinking loudly through the room. “I can do this all day, y’know!” She yells, and then, to Tony and Steve: “I got handcuffed to DUM-E once, when I was four– don’t ask– and, well… let’s just say he ran away from me for months afterward…”
Clint whips his head in their direction, smiling sweetly as he drops his new gift. “Dey’re foam!”
The first thing Steve does is greet Agent May, which is why Tony is the only one who sees the young woman’s face change the moment she realizes who they are, eyes widening with shock and lips trembling even as they quirk up into the most relieved smile Tony’s ever seen.
Steve opens his eyes to warm, soft light, and a familiar scruffy jaw purpled with bruises.
“Happy birthday, big guy,” is all Tony says in return.
“What’s up, buttercup?” He grins, light and easy and just about everything he’s not feeling right now.
and almost tumbles from the chair at the sight of another man to his left. Brown eyes twinkle in amusement above a shit-eating grin, and dark, shaggy hair hides the rest of his face, but Tony recognizes a troublemaker when he sees one. Takes one to know one, and all that.
Steve takes a deep breath, and says it again. “I want to marry you.”
] Nope.
By the time school starts again, Steve's put on more than fifty pounds of muscle, and it's all Tony can do to keep from whimpering every time he sees him, because
Steve sighs. “It feels like you want to,” he says. “Your eyes are…”
“Absolutely ridiculous.”
,” Barnes hisses, and Tony’s brain grinds to a halt. “You’re going to shut this down,” he waves his hand around the workshop, “you’re going to change out of those grease monkey rags, wipe every bit of grime off that mug of yours, then you’re going to find my best friend and say those three words again, to his face–”
“You don’t have to... not right now,” he sighs. “You just got back; you can barely stay on your feet. When’s the last time you slept?”
, Tony wants to say; he wants it so much, it almost hurts. But instead, he just lets his lips quirk up into a soft, rare smile.
“This is weird.”
— he’s happy in a way he doesn't remember ever being. And even though he’s not a complete expert on Chemistry, that still makes him ten times more qualified than anyone else. He has seven doctorates for a reason— teaching a bunch of teenage punks is more than a little nice.
Steve sighs, and moves closer. “I just… Can you look at me?”
“Yep. Dummy’s been unbearable since you left-- to be fair, he’s unbearable
“Oh, really?” Steve grins. “Well, right back atcha, mister. Sometimes, I don’t know how I get anythin’ done around here.”
Steve uncurls his hand from Tony’s waist, and tip his chin up until their eyes meet. “Are you okay with this?” he asks.
Tony holds out his hand. “You didn’t read it, did you?” he asks.
“Pastrami, yeah– hey, man, don’t choke, okay?”
“True. Remember that one time, with the goat–”
“Where’s
“I’m paying for it,” Tony finally says it, because really, he doesn’t feel like arguing today. “Everything.”
Their daughter lifts her head to give him the sweetest little smile. “‘m sowwy, Daddy.”
Mrs. Rogers cocks her head. “Well, you should ask him when he’s planning on buying his ticket--”
“Come on, there’ll be a shitload of booze– I know how you much you love it.”
“Any time, snickerdoodle– well, not
“Sure you do.”
– I totally asked for it when I married you, huh?”
“One day, I’m gonna sit you down and we’re gonna have this conversation if I have to tie you down to a chair.”
“I, uh–”
“Maybe next time you’ll think about stepping in front of me during a battle,” Steve says softly, but doesn’t let go of the brunet’s hand. “If you weren’t so sorry lookin’ right now, I’d deck ya right in the kisser.”
“Pleasure’s all mine, believe me,” Tony’s lips quirk when Blondie–
“Hey, you started it.”
Steve lets Stark pull away this time, and this time, the billionaire's eyes won’t meet either of theirs. "I, uh... I might've, you know, panicked? And I didn’t let them finish talking. And there's also the, uh, slightest chance I might've broken a shit ton of traffic laws getting here."
,” he breathes, taking in the red, white and blue picnic blanket laid out on the small patch of grass in front of them, a large basket sitting right in the middle. “You…”
“Back atcha, Steve.”
“Tiny Tony?” Steve turns to Tony as soon as they’re left alone. His eyes are bright and ocean wide in the morning light, and Tony nods until he can find the words.
“‘m not tired.”
“Yeah?”
- - - - - - - - - -
“No need butter me up, big guy. I’m goin’,” Tony mutters, but hides his burning face into the lapels of Steve’s coat. “You fight dirty.”
Steve rolls his eyes. “So you stole his chair, Buck?”
“Clock’s tickin’, Stark.”
bad, Tony.”
“It’s about to pull me back!” She tells him. “I’ll be fine, though! You’re on the other side, I’ll be okay!”
be, tiger. But you do well enough.”
“Jesus Christ, enough with the sap, Rogers.”
“Because it could’ve been really
,” Tony moans, “it’s only b-been a couple of–
“As long as you’re the one I get to come home to,” Steve says, “I’ll be a happy fella.”
“So you’re...” Pepper crosses her arms. “Tony, if there’s something going on, I need you to tell me. Don’t think I haven’t noticed this isn’t a new thing, and it doesn’t seem to be going away. SI needs to be prepared.”
” Steve hums, and then--
Summer of Stony prompt #14: “Remind me why I’m doing this, again?”
Prompt: “If you keep looking at me like that, we won’t make it to a bed."
“Don’t get too attached, tater tots,” he calls out. “Still a lot of ground to cover, keep it up.”
Steve grins. “It was my grandpa’s. I’ve been workin’ on it for months down at Buck’s garage. Now, you comin’ or what?”
The choice is obvious, Tony thinks gleefully, and leaves his new yellow sticky next to the others:
“Ditto,” he whispers against Steve’s lips. “Ditto to everything-- all of it.”
“Yes?” Pepper calls out, and frowns when Daisy enters tentatively, a stack of papers pressed to her chest. “What… what’s wrong?”
“No, yeah, see, I have to be dreaming,” Tony shakes his head. “Because there is no way
“We’ve got some urgent Avengers business,” Steve finishes, already pulling at Tony’s free hand even though the people around them have barely started nodding. “I’ll bring him back, I promise.”
Steve’s asleep before Gandalf reaches Minas Tirith.
“So nice to meet you, buddy. I’m Mr. Rogers.”
“Having fun so far?”
“Jealous?”
Tony feels his heart skip one beat, then another, but he reaches out and takes the note with a steady hand.
“No, Bucky,” Steve pulls away, and if Tony were any less mature, he’d be whining. “This isn’t all it’s gonna be. You--
“You’re damn fucking right we’re okay, you big, beautiful idiot,” Tony laughs, and it’s a little watery but neither of them give a damn. “I’m a genius, baby– how could I ever even think about letting go of the best thing that’s ever happened to me? Besides,” he says, and cups Steve’s face in his hands. “My only good dreams now are about you.”
the loser here,” Tony scoffs. “I’m not the one sucking face with a dozen pizza slices.”
“Language, Spangles!” Tony laughs, as they finally break through the crowds and out into the surprisingly empty balcony. He stick a hand back inside just as a waiter passes by, and swipes the tray in his hands with a quick ‘thanks’. A click of the door lock later, he breathes a sigh relief, and sticks out the tray in Steve’s direction. “Slider?”
“I will kick you out of this bed, I swear,” Tony says, and goddammit,
But warmer still are the tiny kisses Tony’s pressing on his skin, up to his neck and the curve of his jaw, before moving back down to his shoulder. “ Have a nice nap there?”
“You’re a little shit.”
“I wike gwapes.”
“A sassy little shit,” this time it’s Tony who speaks, voice low and breathy.
“Like what?” Tony asks. He arches his back against the elevator wall in a wanton stretch, so that it brings his chest an inch or two forward.
The blond leans forward, looking eager as anything.
Warnings: NONE.
“‘kay.”
“I mean, I
“Yeah. And don’t tell me you’re not itching to see a tiny Tony Stark in all his childhood glory,” Tony teases, and Steve rolls his eyes even as he blushes prettily.
“Don’ wanna go t’ a hospital,” he whines, but Steve shakes his head.
“You’re such a goober,” Tony mutters, giving that body one last, lingering glance before turning away. “Go watch the other ones while I put this one back in the living room.”
“Avengers!” He calls out gently (seeing as how his entire team is less than ten feet in every direction), and smiles a soft, affectionate smile when all conversation grinds to a halt, six pairs of eyes whipping over to him in eager anticipation. “How’s about you go get your surprises, hm?”
“Dis one!”
(ALRIGHT, GUYS. This is the last update I have... at least until I write some more, so don't worry. This ain't the end of this baby. Thank you guys so much for all the hits and kudos and comments. I appreciate them more than you will ever know. :'D)
Tony swallows a lump in his throat, and barely manages to keep the sting in his eyes from turning into tears. Every part of his body is suddenly tense as a live wire, frozen in memories and the grief that still haunts him as strongly as it did the day he lost her.
“Hmmm?”
Steve’s eyes soften even as he blushes. “Yeah?” he asks. It comes out muffled, and Tony pulls his hand back with a laugh.
“’Kay,” the brunet nods, leaning his head against Steve’s shoulders. “I like making wobots.”
“Sure you weren’t.”
“Half an hour, Mr. Stark,” Steve says, and ends the call.
“Don’t make me laugh,” Tony snorts, hands clenching to fists beside him.
“Yes?” Tony asks, not quite managing to keep his smile from wavering as he looks down.
“Y’sure?”
Steve looks down at Tony, and is relieved when all he can find in his eyes is fond amusement. “Only a penny?”
“I do,” Steve nods, and doesn’t give Tony time to say anything else before he leans in to lick the swipe of frosting that’d been sitting on Tony’s cheek the whole time.
Steve shakes his head. “It’s not. I wasn’t... I wasn’t in a good place back then,” he continues. “And that’s no excuse, I know it’s not. But I... I didn’t mean a word of it. I know it’s not true.”
“You… want Coney Island?” Tony frowns.
“God, I hate it when you fight dirty,” he grumbles, pulling away from Steve’s hold to set his tumbler down on the empty counter before stepping back into the blond’s space, this time face to face. “We could’ve been all tucked in and sprawled out on our insanely expensive, custom made California king by now..."
“I won’t,” Tony promises.
Bucky scoffs. “Maybe that’d work on someone who doesn’t know you as well, but you’re not fooling me, Stevie. You’re so obvious, it’s almost sad.”
“I wouldn’t change a single thing about my life.”
Because Steve’s just opened the door.
The wiggling stops immediately, and Steve puts his hands on Tony’s shoulders to steady himself. “Food?”
“Where’s she?”
“Tony Stark doesn’t do patience, y’know. Finish it up and get back here.”
“It’s a start,” Tony says. The dog tags feel like a brand on his skin, and he wonders what they’ll feel like against his chest. Against the heavy beating of a heart he lost to the man sitting in front of him.
“Any of this?”
“I do. And Fury, and Agent and everyone– do you know how hard it is to bathe
“You put all these up yourself?” Steve points at all the fairy lights and colored lantern balls decked out around the canopy they’re under.
Prequel to Chapter 47! :)
“Sweetie?” he whispers, but the little girl just whimpers when he uncovers her face. She’s flushed and sweaty, and he knows without even touching her that she’s not well. “Aw, baby–”
“Yeah?”
“Tony?”
And Tony... well, he just has to pull Steve onto the dance floor for that, rocking their hips together and singing the whole song right into Steve’s ear. And after that, they don’t spend much more time at the party before they sneak out.
“Yes, Mr. Stark, thank you, Mr. Stark.”
“Not this time.”
Civil Union Prompt #12: “Have you seen the-- oh.”
“I know it’s not…” Steve’s eyes fall to Tony’s chin, and he fiddles with corner edge of the throw covering them both. “It’s not what you’re used to–”
“I thought you could use a lunch break,” Steve says. “Unless you’re too busy. Ms. Potts, I brought some lunch for you, too-- Italian, if that’s okay with you.”
Tony can only nod, and bite back a groan at the sight of Steve’s ass as he turns and runs back down to the field.
Steve rolls his eyes fondly as he takes a seat primly beside Tony. “I know for a fact you were late too, Stark.”
“Uh huh.” Steve nods. He’s so close now, Tony can feel the warmth radiating off him. “But just so y’know... my answer isn’t gonna change.”
“Goddamn it,” Steve laughs, a brittle, humorless little sound that Tony thinks has no business doing anything near Steve Rogers. “Is it going to be like this every time?”
“For what?” Tony breathes.
“Love you too, baby,” he whispers back. “Let me sleep, and I’ll show you how much later, ‘kay?”
“Later…” Steve repeats, and the wonder in his voice, in his face and his eyes, stays with Tony for the rest of the day.
“It’s…” Tony waves his hand around helplessly.
“Chop chop, then,” Tony pats one wide, padded shoulder. “Go do your thing.”
“Doesn’t make it right.”
March Prompt #18: “You taste like heaven.”
--” Clint hiccups “--
HAPPY THANKSGIVING, EVERYONE! <3<3<3
“What?” he whispers, eyes meeting bright blue ones.
“You said--”
“Milk!” Clint shouts from where they’re all sitting, slamming his plastic spoon on the table loudly. “
“See? Adorable.”
Tony almost drops the wrench he’s holding at the sudden sound of Barnes’ voice behind him, but he manages to keep his composure. “Barton been teaching you how to crawl through the vents?”
“Adorable little punks,” James mutters, only to be glared at by tiny baby blues.
“What’s the occasion?” Tony asks.
“Want some help?” is what comes out instead, and then Steve smiles and nods, and god, this was the best idea.
His workshop.
“Mmmm, well you d-do bring out the best in me,” Steve moans, arms coming up to warm the small of Tony’s back.
This time, he does pull away with a shuddering gasp that feels like it’s been ripped out his chest. “Wh–”
“If we die, I’m going to kill you.”
“Hi, JARBIS!”
“Okay, in a month,” Steve hums, and breathes out a laugh when Tony pokes his stomach.
“When,” Tony almost yells, heart suddenly racing because
“True,” Tony arches his back, half-lidded eyes sparking in the soft, early morning light. “Although
– I hate you.”
“All I know how to cook’s Spaghetti,” he admits bashfully.
And Bucky. And maybe Red.
” Bucky mutters from somewhere in the room.
But his husband just shakes his head, burying his nose in soft, golden hair. “I’m good, babe. This is… ‘m good.”
” he replies. “
“--I’m getting hives, I swear--”
“No.”
“You’re an ass,” Tony says, but smiles when he’s pulled into a warm, muscled hug.
“And I’ll take a mineral water, actually,” the man says, then turns to Steve. “If you don’t mind…”
There’s a glimmer of challenge in Steve’s eyes. “Not like we got any place else to be, Stark.”
“He’s beauty and he’s grace, he’s falling on his face!” Clint sings as he skates by, leaping and landing a perfect triple axel a second later, and not even Steve can hold back a chuckle at the ridiculousness of it all.
“You can bet we’ll be doin’ it a lot more often after tonight,” Steve says, as resolutely as the firm, steady beat of the heart Tony’s hand is pressed over.
” make their way into the room.
“Y-yeah?” Tony garbles, breathless as he clenches Steve’s biceps in a vice grip.
“It’s… God, Tony, he couldn’t be more wrong.”
“I can take us back, if you want.”
Natasha shakes her head, and snuggles further into him. Clint gives her a brief pout, but turns back to the movie with a shrug.
“What,” he grumbles loudly, and smirks when the room erupts in hushed giggles, the mattress dipping all over as half a dozen baby Avengers arrange themselves around him.
“That’s so hot,” Tony mutters, grinning when the blond blushes as he squirms in his seat.
“Steve, I’m heading down to the lab–”
“‘kay,” Tony says, because his head really hurts and he just wants to close his eyes again, and Not-An-Angel is so gorgeous Tony wants to cry. Staying with him sounds like the best idea ever.
Six serious nods later, they’re lined up outside the car, their jackets creating a vibrant rainbow against the dark green trees all around.
, for god’s sake-- and he’s about to just leap at him when the front door opens.
“Zip it, mister. Promised to stick with you in sickness and in health and all that crap, right?” Tony asks.
“Hmm?”
It probably happens because he hasn’t heard the song in years.
“Okay, whoa, I take it back,” Tony laughs. “Just don’t hurt yourself, Rogers.”
“And now we have to sit here watch Barton inhale anchovies.
“You Bucky?”
-Tony voice.
“Hey,” Tony says, “I can’t help it if I have better things to do.”
“He’s okay,” Natasha replies. “Almost knocked Rhodey out when they wouldn’t let him come see you, though.”
Clearly Pepper does too, because she lets out a fond sigh and rolls her eyes. “I guess there’s no use anymore, is there?”
“Don’t think you can, babe,” Tony smirks. “But I love you anyway.”
“Is this…” Steve points between the two, “are we okay?”
“What can I do for you, Cap?”
“I think you could use the company.”
“I wouldn’t want that. It’d kinda put a damper on our first date, don’tcha think?”
know plenty about that, huh?” Steve says with a chuckle.
"Yeah," Tony sighs, arching his spine, and both of them let out a breath when it brings them even closer together.
“Good,” Steve smiles sympathetically when he shines the light in the brunet eyes and he winces. “Sorry about that. But the good news is that you’re most likely just fine. Your head’ll be aching something fierce, but the worst seems to be over. We’ll be taking an MRI scan, though, just to be sure. Do I have your permission to do so, Mr. Stark?”
But as hard as it is to believe, those aren’t his favorites.
Rhodey rolls his eyes. “You can stop pretending you’re not dying to see this, Tony.”
Steve closes his eyes against the warm rush of love that sweeps through him. “You’re somethin’, sweetheart.”
“Okay, I completely walked into that one,” Steve says, burying his face in his hands. “But stop stallin’ and get on with it.”
Tony holds out his trembling hands before he knows he’s doing it, desperate to feel something other than the terror trying to numb every inch of his body at the panicked, irrational thought of not finding Steve, of not seeing his smile or hearing his voice or
Civil Union Fest Prompt #18: “This is the worst idea I’ve ever heard.”
“Hand it over, Bucko,” Tony’s voice comes back into range, soft but firm among the chaos around him.
“Okay,” Steve nods, and Tony only has time to catch the giddy grin on his face before strong arms pull him in and then he’s tasting it himself. He doesn’t hesitate to throw his arms around Steve’s neck and pull him closer, and he’s pretty sure they’re both crying-- there’s the telltale taste of salt in their kisses now-- but damn it, if it doesn’t feel like every moment in Tony’s life has been leading up to this.
There are days when Tony has to hide a grin in the middle of teaching because Steve keeps peeking through the glass with his stupid, attractive face; days when Steve shows him some of his student’s artwork and Tony can only marvel at how great a teacher he is.
“Oh, thanks,” Steve grumbles.
” a tiny voice whispers in Tony’s ear, and little arms wind themselves around his neck a moment later. He turns instinctively, and Natasha settles into his arms without another word, red curls tucking themselves neatly under his chin.
Steve pulls away from the concrete, and lifts his eyes slowly until they meet Tony’s.
“Tony–”
-  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
Natasha sends him a wave over her shoulder as she walks away. “He’s in room seven, Dr. Stark.”
“No idea what you’re talkin’ about ,” Steve replies around a mouthful of macaroni.
“Spoilsport.”
Warnings: NONE.
Steve falls asleep with a smile on his face, and hours later-- hours of nothing but Steve’s face and Steve’s hair, and Steve’s dog tags still clenched in his hands-- Tony lets the warmth lull him to sleep as well.
“Sure we can, big guy. Whatever you want,” he says, and scoots just a little bit closer to Steve.
Tony rolls his eyes as he finally moves past Natasha, and listens to her footsteps grow farther and fainter as he finally brings himself to open the door in front of him.
“Back atcha, handsome.”
Pepper’s on the large middle couch, the baby nestled comfortably in her arms as she rocks them both back and forth, but neither of them make a sound, even when Pepper’s eyes find his.
Tony shakes his head. “I’m not going anywhere for the next week. And neither are you, big guy.”
“Don't tell me to calm down!”
get stuck doing the boring shit?”
“I already asked ‘em yesterday,” Steve says, “and I’m, uh...  I’m not too keen to go knockin’ on Bucky and Peg’s tent.”
“Tony–”
“God, I’ll never get tired of hearing you go Brooklyn,” Tony sighs. “It’s so...”
Until Jarvis goes missing.
March Prompt #8: “Kiss me, please.”
Steve shakes his head, even though Tony can’t see him. “No promises, Shellhead.”
The lift stops with a jolt, and Tony doesn’t even wait for the doors to open fully before he’s squeezing past them and all but sprinting into the living room, and the quiet hum of conversation he’d been following stops all together when he walks inside.
“I’m testy all the time, cupcake,” Tony mumbles, and then holds his breath as he carefully settles his friend on the bed. Steve checks over the rest of the slumbering bundles– fixing hoodies and rearranging outstretched limbs– before stepping back.
“You’re gonna make me say it again?” he asks with a smile of his own, because he figures it’s a good sign that he wasn’t shot down immediately.
This is different, he thinks, as he stares at the baby girl sleeping comfortably in the crib in front of him. She’s hardly making a noise except for the occasional sniffle or the rustling of her onesie as she moves a tiny limb almost imperceptibly.
“You think… me and
“You’re playing dirty, Rogers.”
“Because you won’t stop staring.”
Tony looks up at him through his lashes. “I’m serious.”
Tony can’t hold back the scoff, though they both know he’s not truly angry. “Yeah, if you call picking out their pajamas ‘helping’.”
“Fuck,” he sighs, then looks up for the fifth time. “Jay, status on SafeHouse seven-four-one-eight.”
“Jesus, okay look, you’re getting all lovey-dovey right now, which is great, it really is, but we’ve got our entire lives for that–”
“Alright,” Steve says, and squares his shoulders. “Go on a date with me?”
Tony only says the words because he’s never been one for silences, and this one seems like the worst he could ever imagine. There’s nothing but the sound of his breathing, the steady beeping of the machine close to him, and Tony’s heart on the verge of shattering to irreparable pieces.
fucked.
“My pleasure,” Tony smirks. “Literally.”
“Don’t…” Tony trails off, shaking his head, because he doesn’t know what he wants to say.
“You’re welcome,” Tony says. “I figure you’d, y’know… appreciate going back in time, if only for a day.”
With his
“So you need me, huh?” she chuckles.
“‘M sorry.”
” someone crows, obnoxiously loud in the comfortable silence that’d been there only a moment before. “
Steve chuckles. “
“Which is why I wasn’t using one,” Steve sighs. “The spatula was doin’ just fine.”
“Not so much right now.”
“You should
But he’s got bigger things to worry about.
?” he calls out.
“Thor, don’t go too far! Clint, that snow’s not for eatin– Rhodey, don’t let go of Bruce’s hand, okay?”
“Yeah,” Steve’s blushing now, but he doesn’t really look bothered by it, and it makes Tony feel better for reasons he can’t really dwell on right now.
“Then why am I driving up to the middle of fucking nowhere to get a Christmas tree?”
“Last I remember, I still lived in New York.”
“You got my back?” Steve turns to the door, then looks over his shoulder at him.
Steve looks up from his sketchbook with a smile, eyes eagerly moving in the direction of Tony’s voice, only to frown when he finally sees the brunet. “What’s wr–”
Bucky winces immediately. “Shit... that
“Of course you knew this would happen,” he groans, flopping down on the couch carefully and jostling his daughter until she’s a giggling, gurgling mess. “She’s as much of a goner for you as I am, isn’t she?”
, Tony thinks, and fights the urge to scream.
And throughout the whole thing, Tony won’t stop staring at Steve.
Tony leans in for a final peck before stepping back. “Now, what’ve you got for me here, huh?”
“But–”
“Ever hear of inside voices?” Tony mutters, but helps Steve settle them all on the couches. “Jay, pizza status?”
Which is probably why he doesn’t fight the words that tumble from his lips. “I can’t sleep.”
But right now, they’re still kissing and Tony has no time for anything else because it’s hot and dirty and
“He wants to adopt a dog for our friend,” Rhodey says behind him.
"Glad we can agree on that, Cap. I'm
“Y’need t’stop sayin’ th-- hey, who’s pickin’ m’up?” Tony says, and then the next second he’s on a gurney and in the truck, and he can hear Steve talking-- to all his friends, probably, even though Tony didn’t see any of them-- before he’s back by Tony’s side and they’re off.
Oh god.
“Bucky said I was smilin’ when he woke me up. And blushing, too.”
“That’s disgusting.”
“What, um...” God, Tony’s
“Sorry, sorry,” Steve grins. “Alright… go.”
“And you gotta tell me if I’m outta line."
“Stop it, you asshole,” Tony grins, but Steve just starts running his fingers down Tony’s sides. “I said--
“Gimme a smile,” Tony says, and Sharon barks out a laugh when Steve shifts in his seat.
“Tony–”
“Bullshit,” Rhodey smirks. “Now come on, I’m not missing this for the world.“
Steve turns to them with a smile. “Yes, ma’am?”
“I know the feelin’,” Steve nods. The smile on his face makes something warm settle in Tony’s chest. “Sorry about, um, before...”
I’m so glad you think so.
It warms Tony’s chest just as much as the first note did, and when he puts it in his pocket as he leaves his room, he feels something close to anticipation.
“Ir’n Man!”
“Just a little bit longer, baby,” he rasps. “And then I’m not letting you outta my sight for
Tony hums. “You’re cute when you’re trying not to stare.”
Mr. Rogers turns immediately, and when Tony points to the note, he walks to it, footsteps as slow and rhythmic as before. A couple of students from both rooms turn to the new distraction, but Tony ignores them, choosing to stare at the blond as he reads the note:
“Hey...”
“I think that’s more’n I’ve ever heard you say at this time’a day,” Steve grins.
“Tell me... your favorite Christmas song.”
“You’re lucky that’s all you got.”
“Don’t have anywhere to be till noon tomorrow, anyway.”
“I’ll get right on that, then.”
“Captain’s orders,” Tony nods.
Steve manages to ignore pain the words bring, and finally gives in to the urge to wrap Tony up in his arms. “You’re the only one who think so, genius,” he whispers into soft, tousled brown hair, and breathes around a smile when Tony burrows further into him.
Tony just shrugs, and lets out a tiny noise of wonder when their baby wiggles under her blankets.
“Where is he?” he asks, shaking his head when Fury opens his mouth. “Save it. I don’t care if he’s still–” he can’t say it… “if he’s not awake.”
The sound of Steve’s voice-- echoing throughout the room in a way he can’t ever remember it doing-- has Tony looking away from the glass walls showing the dark, glowing New York Skyline, and down at the half filled tumbler in his hand.
“Moment ‘f weakness,” Tony pokes his head out, glaring at Steve through half-opened eyes. “You were all... smilin’ and shit.”
“I’m not.”
“I know you do.”
“Sir, yes sir!”
“In your d-dreams,” he can’t help but stutter, though, when Tony fiddles with the hair on his nape of his neck. So Steve leans in to take a not-so-gentle nip at his boyfriend’s neck, soothing it a second later with a wet swipe of his tongue. “Word ‘round town’s that you’re sweet on certain red, white, and blue-clad fella.”
"Tony--" Steve starts.
“Love you too, Shellhead.”
“Tony?” Steve’s voice is low and small, and everything Tony never wants him to sound like.
Steve returns it with a grin of his own. “Sure I am.”
“I haven’t–”
Warnings: NONE.
Tony kisses him.
“Stop acting like a child.”
Steve’s grin is a wide, pleased, gorgeous thing. “Not such a bad thing, is it?” he asks, tightening his arms to bring them even closer together.
“One. I think. I dunno. Could be more, my PA would know better. She’s hers. Is he--” Tony points to the golden retriever, who, unlike Ellie, is sitting politely beside them.
“Bucky–” Blondie mumbles.
“Relax, Stevie. As long as Parker doesn’t go on blabbing about us bribing him, no one’ll show up until it’s too late,” Bucky says, but his gaze never leaves the hallway outside.
Big, Blond and Beautiful– Tony can tell the man’s easily a couple of inches taller than him, even sitting on the floor– looks up at the scuffle they make, and meets Tony’s gaze with bright, happy blue eyes.
“It’s not
, Tony’s head sighs, and he pushes himself away from the table, walks over to Steve’s side, and plops down on his lap. “Love you too, baby,” he leans down to whisper against Steve’s lips, before pressing their mouths together in a brief, chaste kiss. “Now stop looking at me like that, will you?”
“The best, baby.”
“Don’t forget the Kung Pao.”
“Stop,” Steve says, cheeks as flushed as his smile is soft. “I’m tryin’ to be serious.”
“...You okay?”
Thor steps up before he’s even finished asking, thrusting his bright red card out at Tony. “Happy Mother’s Day!” he bellows, a proud grin lighting up his face.
Tony frowns. “Cap--”
“You’re so mean, I can’t even remember why I married you anymore,” Tony sighs.
“He was all alone by the side of the road!” she almost wails, and Tony just stands in his kitchen as she then proceeds to wash him in the sink and bundle him up in an old towel.
“If you’re awake and downstairs in five, I’ll have your coffee ready. And maybe I’ll even make French toast.”
“I was… I was getting a little worried about you, y’know,” Tony whispers, and runs his thumb over Steve’s cheeks. “Your eyes haven’t been as blue lately.”
, there’s no way any human being should look this good.
Holy shit.
“Fuck you.”
Tony rolls his eyes. “You’re disgusting.”
"Coulson already called home for 'em, so they're back in second period," Steve replies. "Which is where you should be, too."
Tony opens his eyes– when the hell did he close them?– and even though he can barely breathe, he still summons up the courage to look back up at Steve through his eyelashes.
Warnings: NONE.
The woman standing next to him, all bright red hair and crisp suit lines, sighs into her hand. “Tony, can you just… This is a
“I was just being kind. Wouldn’t want that pretty little head drowning in guilt.”
“Is it possible she might’ve stolen it?” Steve turns concerned blue eyes at Tony. “Maybe–”
“More!”
“Sure it was, sunshine.”
-   -   -
The next time Tony speaks, the sky above New York City’s already grown dark, and the only light bathing the room is coming from the lamp in the hallway and the movie playing on the screen in front of them. Steve knows he’s been awake the whole time– every once in a while, he’d run a thumb over one of Steve’s fingernails, over his knuckles and the pulse of his wrist– but Steve’d been happy to just hold him all the while.
This time, the quirk of Tony’s lips is small and genuine, and everything Steve loves about this man. “Ditto. On the, uh... the home thing.”
“I dream about laying you down on my bed and running my mouth, my hands, all over your body until you’re moaning and screaming my name. I dream about taking you on date after date. I dream about doing everything with you–”
"That’s... that's what it’s all about, right?"
“Can it, mister,” Steve laughs, bumping his shoulder with Tony’s as he grabs his own to-go mug. “I hope the mission wraps up quickly. I don’t like bein’ away for too long.”
“I’m sorry...”
“Wh–”
The next breath he takes has his shoulders heaving, and it takes everything in him to not fall to his knees. “I– where’s the… the team?”
sap.”
“Me too,” he rasps, and the pain in his chest is almost bearable. “I n-need you to remember that, mom. I’m going to fuck up--”
“Steve,” Tony reaches over to grip his arm, but almost flinches at the wild, dangerous look in those baby blues when the blond turns to look at him.
“Peachy,” Tony replies. “Gonna take more than a skyscraper to bring me down. Comms are down, though.”
It was sweet! It’s a little strange, so it’s… not my kinda thing.
“Hi, baby,” the blond says, but Tony just pulls him into the room and kisses the smile off those lips.
“Do you even have to ask?” Tony counters, and when his baby rests her head on his shoulder, he hums a faint tune to keep her from waking.
“I’ll get you one after,” Steve says, and turns Tony around to face him. The warm, smoky air in the room just makes him more gorgeous, and Tony bites his lip to keep from groaning at the unfairness of it all. “But only after we dance a couple’a sets, ‘cause I’m feelin’ a little ignored, Stark.”
“It’s supposed to be ugly!”
“Is it?” The words are almost pleading now, and his blue eyes are still not dry, so Tony puts the plates on the coffee table and settles in further into the couch. Steve doesn’t smile, but he rests his head on Tony’s shoulder gently.
“God, I don’t know if that makes things better,” Pepper says. “If that’s all it took for you to run off and get married to a...” she waves at Steve. “Sorry, what do you do?”
Tony feels his body warm all over. “Back atcha, Winghead.”
“No, you won’t.”
“Hmm, I thought I already was.”
“Sorry,” he says, shaking his head to clear his thoughts before he turns back to Steve with a smile.
“I know you are. You kept saying that while you... And maybe it
It ends two days later.
“As if,” Bucky looks offended, even though his eyes are still soft and tender as he walks further into the room.
“What’s it feel like?”
Tony rolls his eyes. “Barnes probably never had to--what were you then, four foot two?”
Tony nuzzles into the wool of Steve’s coat. “Don’t wanna anymore,” he mumbles.
“I will take that second burger back.”
“Okay,” Steve nods. “So what’s the problem--”
“Quit with the mystery act,” she says. Tony feels a hand brush his arm, and then he turns to face the Captain and
Steve crouches until he’s eye level with her. “Hello, Pepper. It’s lovely to meet you,” he holds out his hand, and she shakes it with a grip surprising strong for a five year-old.
“At SHIELD. Coulson said–”
“‘m sorry ‘bout ignoring you lately.”
Tony just nods.
“Except you
“That doesn’t work,” Tony whines, and in the moonlight peaking out from the window, sees Steve roll his eyes.
“But you don’t...You don’t-- god, can you imagine what they’ll-- I’m only using up the first bench, Jesus Christ--”
“Sorry,” Steve says, cheeks heating up when Tony lets out a fond chuckle. “You just...”
“Scout’s honor,” Steve gives him a mock salute.
“Then what am I supposed to think, when you know how hard I’ve worked for this-- for
“You. Always you. 'Sap’ isn’t on the Tony Stark job description.”
“Oh, shut up,” Steve giggles, all crinkly eyes and crooked grin, and Pepper takes a long, quiet moment to appreciate the sight.
“Mmm, love you too, Shellhead.”
At the graduation party Mrs. Rogers holds after the ceremony, Tony pulls her aside while everyone’s distracted, with every intention of bringing up the trip. But then he actually tries talking to her, and all he can manage is mumbles and stutters because how is he supposed to ask her when he can take her son away to travel the world with him?
“So fucking insane, that’s literally the only reason I can think of for why you dragged me out here--”
“Sure.”
Warnings: NONE.
“Nah, but we all know you’d rather be sucking face with St–”
“Oh, I know,” Steve replies, sitting down beside Tony with a shy smile. “Still, I’m sorry about him. He’s an ass half the time.”
“Still think I’m not crazy?” He asks, and isn’t even annoyed at the way he can’t quite catch his breath. He doesn’t think a single person alive could blame him.
” he hears Wilson mumble. “
“That’s not funny,” Steve says.
“Don’t feel like joining the gang?” he asks, and she shakes her head in response, little red curls swaying from side to side. She’s as pretty as a doll, and Tony feels a sudden, surprising rush of affection for her. “Feel like sticking around with me?”
“I’m–I’m
“Don’t fucking apologize,” Tony growls, grabbing the lapels on Steve’s black coat. “You don’t owe any of them anything, not right now.”
“I’ll take a crack at it tomorrow.”
,” Clint yells from the kitchen, and Bruce, Bucky, and Thor raise their hands in agreement.
“No, Mom.”
“Yeah, okay, I’m not waiting any more. Just gotta get it over with.”
“Don’t apologize,” Tony shakes his head, tugging at Steve’s hands with one hand to pull him closer as he uses the other to deftly rid himself of the top half of his armor. The cold hits him like a blow, even through the sleek, black undersuit, but he ignores it in favor of wrapping his arms around his best friend’s waist. “Just hold on.”
“Cap?”
There’s something in Tony’s voice when he replies, that Steve might almost call wistful. “There’s always something.”
,” he curses, heart pounding a mile a minute as he drops his head and god, that wasn’t subtle at all, was it? He’s going to have to tell Buck and they’re gonna have to leave–
“Hush,” Steve says, and nudges at the plate in front of Tony. “Eat.”
"Well, I might do it a lot less now.”
“Well yeah, but--”
“Good,” is all Tony can say, breathless from relief as much as he is from the cold.
He knows Steve sometimes stays an hour or two after class, and when Tony peeks through the door... Yep, there he is, as big and blond and beautiful as the first time Tony ever laid eyes on him.
“If that’s okay with you...”
“...then you might want to get me down from here,” Tony tells him. “‘Cause I can’t feel shit.”
“That’s what he said.”
He stumbles into Steve’s space, and breathes out a frankly pathetic sigh of disbelief when his forehead meets a warm, familiar shoulder. “What the fuck.”
“My poor girl, come here,” Tony cuddles her when Steve lets her go, shushing her when she sniffles. “I got you, princess. Let’s take a nap, hmmm? And Papa can go make us some yummy snacks to feel better?”
Stony Christmas prompt #21: "Ankle's definitely broken. Sorry."
Steve rolls his eyes even as smiles, cheeks turning a bright shade of pink that looks delicious on his soft, smooth cheeks. “Come on, Shellhead–”
He doesn’t know how long it all lasts, but when he finally pulls away for air, Steve’s smile is all he can see. “S-so this is n-nice, huh?” he pants, shivering from the delicious feel of Steve's body pressed to his.
“Fine to…” Steve says, curious and knowing all at once.
“Thank you.”
He turns on the coffeemaker, brings down all of his team’s mugs from the cupboards, and takes out the bowl of sugar.
“Because I love you, you fucking idiot!”
“Iron Woman, Uncle Agent! Get with the program!” She laughs, and then turns to Steve. “Guess my ride’s here! I’ve got it from here, Papa!”
“I know you do,” Steve says. “Just didn’t take you for a coward.“ By now his smile is all teeth, and Tony’s helpless against the grin he gives him in return.
“I dunno, I can remember a couple of times--”
“Whatever,” Tony laughs. “Think any of me’ll show up later?”
Clint can barely keep from groaning. So fucking embarrassing.
“No!”
“Me too!”
Warnings: NONE.
“For you? You bet I am.”
It did,” he hears, and jumps when two strong arms come out from behind to wrap themselves around his waist. But he recognizes those arms immediately, so he just leans back and hums contently.
“Alright, enough dilly-dally,” Bucky calls out. “Stevie, sit up-- Stark, don’t fucking move.”
His onesie-clad friend nods. “Uh huh.”
Sam chokes on air, while Pepper’s phone falls from her hands and onto the bed as she lifts her hands to stifle her gasping laughs.
He’s pretty sure his heart does too. And his brain.
“JARVIS?” he calls out, and Steve jumps when the soft, English voice he’s heard for weeks is suddenly just
“Is there anything we should know about when you… disappear?” Coulson cuts in. “Anything we should be ready for?”
The scene on TV isn’t over before his phone vibrates, and Tony’s so relieved, he doesn’t even wonder what Steve’s still doing up.
,” Tony finally says, once his laughter tapers down to those rare, joyous giggles Steve knows few people in the world have ever gotten to witness.
“Get outta here,” Steve rolls his eyes; his entire body feels warm, and aware of Tony’s body in a way it never is with anyone else.
“Can it and keep walking.”
“I’m gonna get you, you fucker!”
Steve smiles hesitantly. “I’m…sorry?”
“Don’t wear my name out, Rogers.” Steve stays silent, and after a couple of moments, Tony sighs. “Pinky promise.”
“This is unbelievable.”
“They should, and you’re all lucky I’m not billing you.”
to ask, but he does it anyway. “What’d you, y’know, draw for me?”
“I know,” Steve says. “But the best things almost never are. That just makes ‘em all the more worth it, in the end, right?”
Tony bites his lip in thought. “Flip a coin?”
“No--”
Tony’s favorite tattoo is the one right above Steve’s heart.
The woman groans. “Oh, for fuck’s sake–”
“No problems?”
– to be in a good m-mood.”
And almost trips over his own feet because
“But--”
“It’s the injection,” Tony mumbles into the blond’s jaw. It’s still warm, and he presses his lips to it before he can stop himself.
“You’re a sap, y’know?” Stark says, but he sounds hoarse and unsure.
the cold, so I'm calling bullshit--”
“Good,” Tony nods once, in time with the tiny jostle he gives Natasha, who gives him a half-hearted glare in return.
"I mean it--"
“What’s--”
“Want some lunch, while you're here?” Steve asks.
Tony opens his mouth to ask yet another question, except he follows Steve’s gaze and–
- - - - -
“Wouldn’t have you any other way,” Steve leans in to whisper against Tony’s cheek, pressing a kiss to it a second later. “Happy Mother’s Day, Shellhead.”
“Jury’s out on the crazy part, handsome,” Tony replies, smirking as the delicious flush on Blondie’s cheeks spreads down beneath the collar of a shirt announcing “FREE CUDDLES” in bright yellow font. The man’s a walking wet dream.
,” Tony replies, as casual as the movement of his shoulders as he shrugs and picks up a piping bag-- this one with red frosting-- and Steve is surprised at how painful the thought of Tony being alone is.
“Okay, yeah,” Tony shrugs, and smiles back up at him from his perch on one of their baby girl’s kiddie-sized chairs. He barely fits on the seat, and his knees are drawn up to his chest-- a tablet resting on his knees-- but he doesn’t look like he has any intention of moving. “She convinced me, no surprise. It’s...” he wiggles. “It’s not that bad.”
“But if you don’t go to sleep now, you’re going to be so, so sleepy in the morning.”
The rest of the afternoon is, surprisingly, exactly how Pepper expected it’d be.
,” he says, and this time, Steve can’t hold back his laughter because gosh, this is adorable.
“You know it’s not the end of the world if we lose, right? I can buy a billion restaurants– buying the gang lunch for losing isn’t even a drop in the bucket, stud muffin.”
“She’s going to make you go back in tomorrow. All day.”
“You meatball,” he mutters, but his lips are quirked up in a helpless smile. “One day, I’m gonna end up drowning in all your sap.”
Tony nods. “Lucky,” he replies, hesitant and quiet and everything he so rarely is, and even with the anger and the fear still wreaking havoc on his chest, all Steve wants to do is climb onto that hospital bed and sweep Tony into his arms. “Are you, um... are you staying?” Tony whispers, sounding as small as he looks, and that’s exactly what Steve does.
"Tony--"
“Would you like something to drink?” Steve asks. “I can get some water, or coffee?”
“Shhh. You’ll wake her up.”
Tony peeks up to glare incredulously. “You’re the one--” he starts, only to yelp when Steve rolls him into the back of the couch.
Someone’s saying his name. But it’s not who Tony wants it to be.
It’s loud and more than a little off-key, but as Tony drives further into the cold, quiet forests of Pennsylvania, he thinks there are worse things he could be stuck listening to.
He can’t help the bright grin on his face as he looks for the salt and pours it into the now empty bowl, because Steve’s pretty sure he knows exactly how this is gonna go down, and he can’t wait to see Tony’s face.
“It started, like, a couple of weeks ago— I can't even remember the day— and it was, I don't know, ass o'clock in the morning or something, and I'm in my room with my kids when I hear Chopin coming from next door and really, who plays Chopin while the sun's still up? So I write a note and stick it on the big door window, y’know, and then he reads it and writes me one back and before you know it, half the door's blue and gold—"
“Hope you learned your lesson,” Tony tuts. “Kitchens plus unsupervised Tony equals mess. For shame, Rogers.”
“Nope, come on,” he pulls Steve in the direction of his apartment.
“Well,
“Bucky--”
Steve shakes his head, grin softening into Tony’s favorite smile. “No, I’m not. You’re... god, you’re gorgeous.”
“Yeah,” is all Steve can say.
They get their drinks a minute later– Tony’s almost embarrassed by the noise that leaves him when he takes his first sip of the rich, creamy chocolate, until Steve’s face flushes the prettiest shade of pink, eyes darkening with blatant want, and then it suddenly doesn’t seem so bad– before making their way back to the crowd gathered in front of the tree, and this time, Steve doesn’t bother keeping any distance between them.
He bids the rest of his sleep goodbye, and opens his eyes to find bright, wide brown eyes inches from his face. “Uh…”
“Y’know, I’ve got half a mind to let that slide, on account of it being your day and all—“
Steve finally puts down the TV– in the corner, Tony notes happily– and walks over to wrap his arms around Tony and smack a kiss on his cheek. “God, I love you.”
“I love you too,
Steve just grinds his jaw, and doesn’t say a word. His uniform is dirty, mud and rain and alien slime still sticking to his shoulders and legs, but Steve Rogers is still every inch Tony’s Captain. It makes him breathe out a sigh, relaxing the tenseness throughout his body.
“Open your eyes?”
“It’s my Ma’s birthday.”
, Steve.”
Steve rolls his eyes, but climbs off and holds out a hand. “Bossy,” he tuts. “Just for that, I’m takin’ half.”
“Fine, great, like every other time I’ve been there. But I’m taking you with me next time, jesus. It’s like I can’t fucking leave you alone--”
“She loves me too much,” Tony grins. “But enough of her-- let’s go get our baby.”
"No, you're right, wasting time," he says, and then grabs Steve by the wrist and gives the archer a jaunty salute.
“Then
“But I like it here,” Steve whispers, voice suddenly rough as he gently rocks his hips into Tony’s.
“Um,” he licks his lips, cheeks growing so hot, it’s pathetic. “Th-thanks.”
(And despite everything they've been through, despite everything they still go through everyday, being with Steve is the easiest thing Tony's ever done, so he thinks it fitting.)
God, how he tries...
“Um, I, uh, I meant--” he stutters, heartbeat echoing in his ears as Steve’s eyes-- ocean wide and absolutely perfect-- snap to his.
Back to our regularly scheduled fluff! ;)
“Gotta keep tryin’–”
“Again?” Steve smirks. “I’m still tryin’ to catch my breath from last night,” he says, and feels Tony’s laughter rumble through them both.
“…You think?”
– is replaced with a soft warmth Tony doesn’t think he’s felt since he was a boy, and it takes him more than a few moments to recognize it as awe.
“Don’t look at me like that!”
“For some reason,” Tony sighs, “I believe you. Jus’... stop with th’frowny face, and we’ll call’t equal.”
“I thought you wanted to run.”
“You know I do,” Tony replies, without hesitation, and smiles when Steve pulls him closer.
“You’re late.”
No cat.
is there.
“Who will have her pancakes if she goes back to sleep, at least until the sun comes out,” Steve cuts in, shuffling closer to them so he can wrap his arm around them both.
“‘Last time’?” Steve says, incredulous and concerned all at once, and really, Tony doesn’t blame him one bit because
“Tony–”
Summer of Stony prompt #12: “You’re adorable.”
“Can I kiss you again?” Steve asks, and he sounds so hopeful that Tony’s heart starts beating even faster.
“I’ll see you in a few,” Steve says. “And we’re havin’ words about these ‘guys night out’s, Tony Stark.”
“Heard you were being a little shit to Hammer this morning.”
Stark sends him a stern glare, and goes back to stirring a pot steaming over the stove. “Kitchen’s off limits, Barnes. Didn’t read the memo?”
By the time said ice cream play date is over, Steve
Tony’s laughter feels like sunshine on his skin. “And I think,” he presses a kiss against Steve’s jaw. “If anyone can talk me into doing something, it’s the only person more fucking stubborn than me.”
Because right off the bat, he hears Tony’s voice coming from the couch, and it only takes a moment for Clint to figure out who he’s talking on the phone with.
“Excuse me, folks,” Steve says, and when Tony looks over his shoulder to glare, all he gets in return is the bright, wholesome grin the bastard decides to grace Tony’s audience with. “I’m awfully sorry to interrupt, but I hope you don’t mind if I pull Mr. Stark away for a couple of minutes–”
Tony lets out a laugh before she’s even finished talking, one as hysterical as he suddenly feels, almost breathless at the onslaught of emotions threatening to overwhelm him because
“You’re awfully chipper this morning, mister.”
“Alright, alright,” Tony rolls his eyes. “What’s the best part, then? And if you say something ridiculous like the mini quiches–”
“Tony.”
"Your mom's gonna be pissed."
"Should I bring out the air mattress, then?"
“I know.”
“You should see ‘em now,” Barnes grins proudly.
“Well, we obviously don’t want them to lose, honey bear,” Tony replies. “Especially not against, uh… who are they playing?” he whispers to Natasha.
But Steve pulls away all too soon, and Tony has to stop himself from chasing those lips, because there are bigger things to deal with right now.
“Are you shitting me?
The amusement in Tony’s eyes is too obvious to miss, but Natasha doesn’t doubt her team somehow manages to. “Some fresh faced lackey being difficult?”
] I can’t imagine not talking about it with him. There’s no doubt in my mind that we’d be able to find common ground. Compromise is a big part of any relationship, and we’ve been through too much to let anything come between us. I owe it to him to listen, every single time.
