“Funny you should ask,” John replied cheerfully. “Based on the dates you’ve given me and your one missed heat…” John glanced at the monitor in front of him. “You are about ten weeks. Same as me.”
Sherlock nodded eagerly and turned to drape himself back over the edge of the bed. He spread his thighs, inviting John to stand between them, and rutted against the mattress.
He weakened against Sherlock’s body, arousal and instinct relaxing him in the presence of a potential mate—his imprinted lover. “Sherlock, we need to get home.”
At the first glimpse of the red, scrunched-up face of their premature infant, they’d both wept tears of joy and relief. They’d been allowed to hold the tiny little boy very briefly before he was whisked away to the neo-natal intensive care unit for a thorough going over. John had come through relatively well in spite of the way his labour had started. He’d been home within two days, and Drew had joined them three weeks later.
“Doctor, please. Calm yourself.” Mycroft waved a hand. “When I chose you, it was not only because of your reputation as a fine physician, but because of your reputation as a soldier. I knew that you would be able to deal with whatever nonsense my brother could throw at you.”
“Just great,” John replied cheerfully. He stood and took his own jacket from Angelo’s extended hand.
Sherlock dipped his head, brushing his mouth gently over John’s. John let his eyes drift closed. It was everything he’d imagined it would be and more.
“Good.” John nodded and waited for Sherlock to re-dress. “Now there are a few other things we should discuss at your next appointment. How long until your rut sets in?”
John’s cheeks flushed as his mind immediately jumped ahead to other activities they could get up to back in their room. In truth, he’d been thinking about it since the moment he’d kissed Sherlock back on the platform—even when he’d thought Sherlock was a nutter. He hadn’t been with a man in quite a while, but Sherlock was bloody gorgeous and exciting and…
Sherlock stood, recapturing John’s mouth. John for his part stretched up to wrap both arms around Sherlock’s neck and hold on tight. Sherlock slid one hand around to nestle between John’s cheeks.
John was a doctor and a soldier. He'd seen horrible things—unimaginable suffering—and yet managed to compartmentalize his grief, his fear and his horror in order to get the job done. Lives wanted saving. And Sherlock knew that John felt deeply for each and every life lost. John had reminded him of the dangers of not caring at all.
Still, his relationship wasn't something he felt comfortable chitchatting about. He and John were just...he and John. Just that. They were together in every way, and that was just the way it was. No explanation was necessary. No fanfare.
He swallowed down the anger he’d been carrying since the incident at Magnussen’s and tried to force a smile when Mary turned back to him. She slid into his side and wrapped possessive fingers around his arm. When he was certain she was looking the other way, John gave Sherlock a subtle nod.
“Jesus,” John gasped, both from Sherlock’s words and from the tender plucking of the man’s fingers at his nipple. “God, yes. Please. But I want you, too. I want to suck you.”
“Well, then, Dr. Watson. I assume the pain on my face is from burns there as well. Might I beg for some kind of relief?”
“David has been taken to the airstrip in Cornwall. He and Mary will be evacuated to their new location as soon as possible. She will be debriefed there by ground personnel.”
“Ah, Sherlock!” Lestrade said cheerfully. “Archie wants to have a word. He won’t let the EMTs get on with things until he does.”
John hesitated, not sure whether he’d just been commandeered by a spy or embraced by a madman. Somehow, though, it didn’t matter.
"Lovely. I've got one of each. Cashel with Aidan and Deirdre with Max—my most recent disaster." She made a disgusted face and then laughed.
Sherlock drew off the sodden nipple with a wicked slurp. His eyes were heavy lidded at John’s suggestion. “Will you…” he began tentatively. “With your fingers…?”
“Emmeline has a bit of a cold, but I expect that will pass soon. Greg is very well. He is a bit worried about returning to work, though.”
“Me, too.” John reached out for Sherlock’s hand. “Thank you for protecting and taking such good care of us, and helping us get right to the end. I’m so happy we could do this at home.”
During their first taxi trip to Brixton, Sherlock and John had taken turns glancing at each other—in surprise and in blossoming appreciation. Tonight, however, Sherlock couldn’t focus on the city outside the cab at all. He stared at John…who was staring right back, with a perfectly contented expression on his face.
Sherlock’s body clenched around him and John had to bite his tongue hard to suppress the shout of pure joy as he responded by flooding the man’s body with come. He shuddered against Sherlock’s back—arms still wrapped around him—feeling Sherlock’s load pulse out over his fingers as well.
“It was nothing,” Sherlock said dismissively. He flopped onto the seat next to his mate and straightened his scarf.
“Look pretty, Daddy,” Kit said approvingly, patting his omega father’s cheek with one hand. He leaned in and wrapped both arms around John’s neck and rested his cheek against John’s shoulder.
“Hello, brother dear. How are you?” There was a pause during which Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Yes, I’m sure you have. No, I don’t care what you think.”
“You really are. Anyone who ever told you different was lying to you.” John kissed him tenderly, as though savouring every moment of contact. “Lie back for me,” he whispered.
Sherlock ignored her, still searching for the means to break down the wall. Finally, he spied an old sledgehammer resting forgotten in a corner. He retrieved it and took a swing at the wall.
“I do,” Sherlock agreed, entering the bedroom with Drew at his side. The 18-month-old was clutching at Sherlock’s hand and still wiping the sleep from his eyes with the other.
“Head wound,” John repeated groggily. He tried to sit up, grunting at the shooting pain in his leg and instantly flopping back down. “How bad?”
Sherlock started at his mate’s voice at his side. John had managed to sneak up on him without his noticing; that never happened. John looked from Sherlock to the boy and back again, waiting for an explanation.
Sherlock kissed their bondmark. “You are the handsomest man I have ever known, especially like this. You are wonderfully soft, and your skin is so lustrous.” He mouthed over John’s shoulder.
“That he’s pregnant or that you told him you are?” Sherlock rumbled, brushing his lips over John’s neck. “As to the first: Is his pregnancy in some way out of the ordinary? As to the second: Not at all. I expect it’s nice for you to have another omega to share this with.”
anything. Nothing is going on. There is nothing in the coffee! I am…making an effort.” Sherlock waved a hand in the air. “Had I known it would be met with such scepticism, I wouldn’t have bothered.”
He shook his head and straightened his shoulders. No. It had to be done. Moriarty’s people had to believe it.
Sherlock padded into the kitchen with his empty cup. The kettle wasn’t on. Why wasn’t the kettle on? He’d asked John for more tea ages ago. Where
The hotel phone was ringing. It was remarkably shrill for a digital tone, grinding John to consciousness.
Sherlock pressed tender kisses along John’s shoulder, revelling in the intensity of it. He should be terrified. WAS terrified. But his body was buzzing with desire for John. Every fibre of him was singing John’s name. Heat was building in places he’d long since learned to ignore. Places and parts of him he’d believed he could simply refuse to acknowledge.
“Oh, I’m sorry. I know Sherlock was gone for a while and—you know what. I’m not going to pry. Maybe we’ll get the chance to do this again sometime…and then, who knows?”
“Your hair?” John repeated, pressing another kiss into Sherlock’s brow. “You keep it all brushed down, but it’s curly, isn’t it?”
“There is very little I can do, at the moment. But Sherlock and I have some time to discuss options.”
Sherlock took his father’s arm and followed along in his mother’s wake. It was going to be a very long afternoon.
With Drew, though, he had bounced back quickly. Now he felt relatively capable of caring for himself, a (nearly) four-year-old, a baby, and his often high-maintenance mate. Who should have been back downstairs with Kit long since—he’d heard the two of them go up to the boys’ bedroom after a brief visit to the lab Sherlock had created in 221C.
John had been chuckling over the animated way Sherlock related his thoughts about the letters their client had received, and then had praised Sherlock for a (admittedly brilliant) deduction about the origin of the man’s toupee. It had been so effortless between them, like the old days. Sherlock had simply moved without thinking.
As he approached, one of Mycroft’s people emerged from the front of the car and moved to open the rear door for him. Sherlock nodded at the man and stepped into the welcome warmth of the car’s roomy back seat.
Sherlock tried to stay awake, just to listen to John’s even breathing and enjoy the novelty of holding John in his arms a little longer. Eventually, though, he drifted off.
Sherlock watched the child with trepidation—they usually cried now. He wasn’t very good with the crying. The boy was 11 years old: ginger, brown eyes, freckles. He’d been seated on a gurney waiting at the back of the ambulance.
“Yeah, and good luck with that, mate,” John chuckled. He leaned in and admired the baby girl. “She’s a beauty.”
The baby studied him for ages. Finally, he frowned. He whined and struggled to get free of the carrier. John obliged him, loosing the straps and pulling him up and out.
John tucked his chin in, just enough to be able to look down the length of his body and watch his cock disappearing into Sherlock’s mouth. “Oh, god, yes…oh, Sherlock. That’s it. Just—ungh—just like-like that.”
Sherlock grinned like a fiend. He loved making his doctor shout. He thrust again, knowing full well that the tip of his cock was once more stroking over John’s spot. “Not quite.”
for Mary. I brought her into your life. And I never loved her the way I should have. If I had admitted that sooner, come to grips with it, maybe I could have spared us both.”
He had not yet put on his suit jacket for the day, but he was otherwise dressed for the visit he had intended to pay to the Yard. Of course, that was before John had turned up, looking very fetching in jeans and the shirt with the blue check that had always reminded Sherlock of his eyes. John was free from the surgery (and from relationship/wedding…things) for the day and looking to be helpful.
Sherlock rounded on Mary with fury, digging his fingers into her throat as he shoved her back into the wall. “Don’t you ever speak to him or about him again. Not ever. You duplicitous, evil bitch.”
“My room?” John asked gently, his breath ghosting over Sherlock’s nape. His arms tightened for a moment. “It’s all fine. Whatever you want is fine.”
“I know. That was for you. Because you needed it and I wanted you to feel good. But I just can’t. Not with everything as it is.”
He set to work and within a few minutes had John’s drip and leads all rearranged in order to push John’s bed over. He stopped the bed right next to Sherlock’s and locked the wheels once more.
“John, breathe.” Sherlock’s deep voice, now so wonderfully soothing, washed over John, along with a flood of his alpha scent laced with comfort and protection. “John, I need you to look at me now. Come on. Look at me.”
Sherlock turned John gently back toward the sitting room and the comfort of the fire Mrs. Hudson had clearly laid in expectation of their return. He walked them slowly, relishing the press of John’s body and the gradual slowing of each shuddering breath. He stopped beside John’s chair and eased him down.
“Gran's flowers,” Emily said. “I like her garden. I like my window. I like Gran being downstairs. And I like eating my dinner with you.”
“I’m not love, I promise,” John soothed. He rubbed a hand over Sherlock’s chest. “There are few things I would believe you incapable of. It’s just that I hadn’t realized you were interested in sharing your knowledge with youngsters.”
It was more than three hours later that Sherlock finally had his answer and John, finally, convinced him it was time for them to go home and get some sleep. They were tidying up their mess in the lab when Sherlock finally brought the subject up again.
Mary’s voice cut through his reverie. Where he’d once found it soothing and pleasant, it now made him uncomfortable. But it all ended tonight. He glanced up from his dinner with a tight smile.
“You’re not stupid,” John whispered as they followed the grassy slope around to the cottage’s front door. “Whatever it is, I’m sure it was something no one else would ever have thought of.”
By the time John returned from the lavatory, the train was gliding to a stop at the platform. John collected their bag and followed Sherlock off the train. As they exited the platform and made their way across the concourse, a young woman began waving at them. She was holding a sign with “Holmes and Watson” written in large block letters.
“I told you, it’s all fine. The boy’s things are ready to go. I have an order coming from the grocery and the chemist any minute and I’ve finished the case for Dimmock. All you need to do is call Stamford so they can reschedule your patients next week.”
The two men emerged from Sherlock’s room carrying the dead weight of Dr. John Watson between them. Sherlock bit his lip as he watched them shuffling John’s not inconsiderable weight. John was a short man, but sturdy and compact. He was unassuming, perhaps, but strong and handsome and…
Mycroft stood, his smile detached but somehow trustworthy. “I give you my word. My people and I will depart this house and not return until you contact me. We will keep watch and provide any supplies as needed. I will take care of notifying your office that you have come down with influenza and I will ensure that my brother’s name never appears in your clinic’s files.”
John allowed himself to be turned. The stranger kept him tight to his side with one arm, even as he bent to retrieve John’s pack and stick. He handed them over with a grin and led John to the train.
Sherlock moaned, momentarily ceasing his own gentle exploration of John’s scar. He tightened the muscles under John’s hands and John purred his approval. John’s fingers curled into the toned yet plump flesh and squeezed.
“Sensitive scalp,” John said gently. “Check.” He dragged his fingers through Sherlock’s hair and turned to kiss his forehead.
“Oh,” Angie’s brow creased with concern. “Oh, course you do. Well, it’s all right. I’ll just swap the names in the system now I know.”
John sagged. “I’m sorry. It’s what I feared. The men who brought you in said you were unable to move when they found you. I cannot find any evidence of permanent damage to the spine itself. What I suspect is that there is swelling putting pressure on the spinal cord…”
Sherlock stormed into their hotel room and slammed the door behind him, not caring that he was dripping all over the carpet. He was still breathing too hard and his heart rate was too fast. It was a disaster.
“Of course I did. I’ve laid all the provisions you’ve been stocking up within easy reach, and I’ve dealt with our phones and email accounts.”
The spoon thumped wetly onto the table as it slipped from Sherlock’s fingers. He froze, wanting desperately to look into John’s face and see confirmation there that John remembered, too. He peered up cautiously to find John beaming at him.
“Oh, it’s—we—we’ll do something, obviously. Just…Sherlock’s been busy with a case and with Lestrade’s retirement, there’s only one Yarder he really enjoys working with. Makes it a bit tougher for him.”
John watched as his son studied his grandmother at close quarters—his gaze and intensity were so like his father’s that John had to look away. Every time he saw the man he loved in their child, it felt as though his heart broke into at least two more pieces.
The two disappeared down the corridor, leaving John and Sherlock to follow Margaret to the kitchen. The sunny room was a marked departure from the cool white of the kitchen in Mycroft’s previous home. Rich, dark woods and antique touches made for a very homey and welcoming space.
of John—the very solid, physically present touch of John Watson against his own body. It was nearly more than he could process. If he didn’t know better, he would have sworn he was high.
“But I don’t want to go into heat,” John muttered, barely registering how irrational he sounded. “It’s too soon. Not ready.”
John nodded. “I suppose I’m going to have to take him to another specialist,” John sighed. “I just don’t understand why Margaret’s scent isn’t helping.”
Sherlock was about to say he would call a cab to meet him at the airport’s service entrance when he spied a black saloon in that very spot. He sighed. “Apparently, that won’t be necessary.”
“No. No!” John shook his head vigorously. “I just wanted to—you know—in case you were…uncomfortable.”
John felt the lump forming in his throat once more. “It’s just—I don’t think I can do this. Not without Sherlock. I never wanted to have kids, not really. I knew I’d be rubbish at it, and I am! My son is ill and miserably unhappy. God, he must hate me…”
“Hey,” John said gently. “I’m sorry. This is—look, I know you’re doing this for me. For us. And I love you for it.’
John wandered off in search of the toilets, lamenting his wide, hip-rolling gait. He was waddling and he knew it. Still, he noticed one or two alphas sneaking a glance in his direction as he passed. The fertility of a pregnant omega was often as sexually alluring as an omega in heat.
“I’ve missed you, too,” the stranger said softly, his eyes moist with the beginnings of unshed tears and crinkling at the corners with what looked for all the world like a deeply sentimental smile.
John balanced himself on the crowded bus at it rumbled down Baker Street. He’d left his friends in Trafalgar Square, but with the crush of people there, they were unlikely to miss him.
John struggled to stand in the limited space, sliding up over Sherlock’s frame with his lover’s tugging help. Sherlock kissed him hungrily, greedily, sucking on John’s tongue and moaning into his mouth.
Sherlock nodded vigorously, not trusting himself to speak. He was shaking at the touch of John’s hands and he wasn’t sure he could string words together.
John’s attention was drawn back to the door as it pushed open once more. He held his breath; so did Mycroft.
John ground his teeth together. “And two: Why did you allow our two year old to use FELT PENS without supervision?”
“Come along then, Gregory,” Mycroft offered the omega his elbow, which Greg took with obvious pleasure. “I think we need some privacy.”
John straightened his tie and took a moment to examine himself in the full-length mirror. He turned sideways and scrutinized his whole frame, reflected with the rumpled bed he shared with his mate behind him. He pressed a hand to his still-flat belly and smiled—nearly three months gone and he was still feeling and (if he did say so himself) looking great.
“Ah, well,” Sherlock began, clearing his throat. “I thought—it was meant to be a surprise, you see. That’s why I was out all day. Mycroft helped—”
Sherlock shuffled his chair around until it was completely facing John’s chair. He dropped heavily into the seat, stretched his legs out and flipped the long edges of his dressing gown over his thighs.
Greg pulled his wallet out. He removed a photo from it and handed it over to John. “She’s a good size, and her heartbeat is strong. It’s…well, it’s a miracle, really.”
“Which is it?” Molly asked, finally sipping at her drink. Her eyes flew open as she did. “You got it right,” she said softly. “My coffee is exactly right.”
Sherlock’s mouth watered. He wanted so much to test his theories about John’s larger than average member with his lips and tongue, but he knew there wouldn’t be time. Not now. He was too close.
“Mam lived in Dublin before I was born; she moved west to be with my Da when Jimmy was about four,” Janine continued. “Everything was good for a while, but it didn’t last. Jimmy hated my Da and the feeling was mutual. Mam finally agreed to send Jimmy to England to live with my Aunt Jilly. He didn’t get on very well here, I’m afraid. He took a lot of shite from the other lads and it changed him.” Janine glanced up Sherlock. “But you know all about how that turned out, don’t you?”
“John,” Margaret said softly. She reached for Kit who, predictably, leaned back into his father’s chest. “Hello, Christopher, pet. I’m your grandmother. Would you like to come to me?”
John throat tightened as he looked at his alpha once more. “What could you possibly want with an old, chemically altered omega? A broken-down former soldier? Scarred and probably barren now…”
“God, I hope this works,” John sighed. “If you get worse for having stayed behind, I’ll never forgive myself.”
Sherlock returned his attention to his samples, though he was well aware John was still watching him. He tried not to fidget under the scrutiny. Likely John was wondering if he’d eaten anything healthy since yesterday. He’d been informed that Mrs. Hudson’s Bakewell tarts didn’t count as a food group.
Canadian corps along with their medical personnel, continued progress north through Italy. They were engaged now in an attempt on the monastery at Cassino. If all went well, the Canadians — to whom John had been attached after one of their surgeons was killed — would be sent out for rest. The hospital would be moved and the patients evacuated.
“It is different this time,” Sherlock said gently. “It’s not like last time because we’re together.”
John's body rocked and his hips arched off the bed as he followed. "Oh, jesus. Oh, fuck, Sherlock. Oh, god, oh, god..."
“I love you, too, my John.” He pressed their lips together with a sigh before rolling to his side, taking John with him.
“This is not nonsense,” John replied irritably, one hand clutching his now-cramping belly. “Mr. Holmes, I am deeply sorry for what has happened, but I have to get somewhere safe. Immediately.”
He shivered, finally acknowledging the damp chill of the night air. He was exhausted and he knew he needed to be somewhere quiet.
Today, amidst overwhelming relief at the end of Hitler’s tyranny, Dr. John Watson was also melancholy that he would be wearing his uniform for what was likely the last time.
“For Queen and country. He’d have shot him for me, of course, but by then we knew all about you and could have taken you out of the equation. You and the baby.”
John started a message to Sherlock, smiling at their son. “There you are, Kit. All sorted, and lasagne for supper.”
John hugged the boy tightly and tousled his hair. Kit's lovely curls had filled in and lightened in colour—they were now more of an auburn and had become so long that Kit looked like a Renaissance cherub. John was keen to give his son's hair a trim, but Sherlock objected...and so had been put in charge of the morning hair combing. John and William were taking bets as to how long that would last before Kit made his first visit to the barber.
“Yes,” Sherlock drawled, looking at John with a raised brow. “I genuinely believed I was asexual, and that being so somehow meant I was probably incapable of love as well. I thought I was better off.” He could feel a smile tugging at the corner of his mouth. “Little did I know.”
She smiled at them both. “You’re both very healthy. There are no reasons why you can’t get pregnant.”
“And are you…okay with that?” Sherlock tried, not really sure by John’s expression whether or not he was.
Sherlock—also short of breath and leaning heavily into the wall right next to John—snickered. “And you invaded Afghanistan.”
John was upstairs and well beyond hearing him when he was finally able to whisper, “Good night, John. Merry Christmas.”
“Thing is, I was worried that you wouldn’t want a relationship. I didn’t think you felt things that way.”
“Yes. God, yes.” John grabbed at Sherlock, pulling him into a fierce embrace. He buried his face in Sherlock’s shoulder and wrapped both arms around Sherlock’s waist. And hung on for dear life. “I’m sorry.”
Kit nodded and smiled up at his daddy. “S’good. Like it.” He took another bite and hummed happily. “Fuzzy.”
John wiggled to help as Sherlock manhandled his trousers down and off, along with his pants. Standing there, in only socks and flowing shirt, John felt quite wicked with his omega cock reaching up toward the bulge of his abdomen.
Sherlock could sense John bouncing on the balls of his feet behind him. Not that Sherlock was surprised. John had practically dragged him the last few metres to their doorstep.
The knock at the door was faint; John wasn’t surprised by the uncertainty. Sherlock had been avoiding him since the end of his rut, fleeing the room as soon as they’d woken on the final morning. John had been surprised to feel so bereft.
Sherlock swallowed hard as he took in John’s dilated pupils and flushed cheeks. Oh, god, he was biting his bottom lip. “
“Oh, good morning. You’re up early today.” Sherlock did not look up from where he was digging for something in one of the piles on his desk. In the twenty years John had known the man, he had never developed any affinity for neatness.
“Everything will be fine,” John seethed, arms crossed over his chest. He fidgeted in the uncomfortable chair in Doctor Awiti’s waiting room. “Bloody condoms. Can’t anyone make anything that bloody works anymore?!”
The woman blanched as she took a good look at John, who was quite obviously in the early stages of labour. “I’m so sorry…please, perhaps we could remove your mate to a quieter part of the restaurant to wait for the ambulance?”
John nearly wilted in relief. That was Greg. Greg’s voice. His lovely ex-copper brother-in-law was outside the door.
“Lovely to meet you,” John said, once more offering his hand. He smiled warmly, hoping she hadn’t noticed his momentary wobble.
Sherlock had imagined this moment. Played it over and over in his mind — when he was chasing Moriarty’s network alone, when he was planning John’s wedding to Mary, and when he was lying in his bed at night in a flat that was empty of John.
“Sherlock rang me,” Andrew (real name Angelo, according to Sherlock, for an Italian grandfather; the man had changed it to avoid anti-fascist sentiment) said with a grin. “He said you forgot this.”
“Fine. Five minutes and then I’m sending the cameras back in.” She left through the front door with the two camera operators behind her. Michael moved to follow, but paused.
Sherlock started to pace, circling the room and its occupants. “He wanted you to destroy John, even if I died. He hated me that much.”
Dr. Awiti popped into the pleasant yellow room only a few minutes later. “Good morning! And how are my favourite detectives?”  She sat at her desk and logged into the computer. “How are you feeling, John?”
“Come on,” Will said, nudging John toward the door. “Best to get what you need while he does. Believe me, I know.”
“Well, very well,” the man replied, patting Sherlock’s cheek. “I’ve had that scan done since we last spoke. Turns out it was nothing after all.”
“Right, well, we should keep moving if we’re going to get Mary around to everyone before she has to go,” Mike said.
“Soooo…” Sherlock interjected, quickly diverting the topic. “To what do I owe the honour of your visit? Bit early for you — don’t you usually come in once the other patients are sleeping?”
“There…what?” he said, more breathlessly than he’d intended. Sherlock was mere millimetres away now, using his extra height to loom over John. Clearly the man had no sense of personal space. Which, for some reason, didn’t bother John in the slightest.
John had nearly reached the safety of Sherlock’s room when the alpha caught him. Sherlock tackled him, pitching them both to the carpeted floor. John sighed — he couldn’t help it. The feeling of Sherlock’s body pressing into his back was, perhaps, the most wonderful thing he had ever experienced.
John allowed himself to be draped forward, his wrecked body collapsing into the soft nest of bedclothes. There was something blue by his face — a scarf perhaps. John sniffed, delighted to find it reeking of his mate. He buried his nose in it and huffed as the alpha stretched out over his back.
“Fuck, you taste incredible,” John said, his voice husky. He licked at the corners of the Cupid’s bow, chasing the remnants of sweet coffee, before plunging his tongue within.
“Do you mind?” Sherlock dipped one hand into the bath and traced over the faint remnants of John’s existing stretchmarks.
John gestured toward the small station only a few steps from where they were standing. “If I could have you join me here, please.”
Sherlock groaned helplessly, sucking nearly the whole of John's breast tissue into his mouth. His orgasm was rapidly approaching and this was how he wanted to come.
For a few weeks, it seemed they were going to be able to work well together. Somehow, though, it had all gone wrong. Something he’d said, no doubt. It usually was.
There was a guttural cry behind him, spurring John on. He rushed down the steps and into the main rooms of the townhouse’s first floor. His heart pounded with the sound of Sherlock’s heavy tread on the stairs behind him.
Sherlock moaned into his mouth, his hips began to buck into John as he tried to get friction against his throbbing cock. “Please, John. Please...”
John withdrew and slammed home again. Sherlock’s spine arched, but he bit his lip to keep from crying out. He started to reach for his cock when John cautioned him.
His mother gave him a long, hard look—a talent for which she had passed on to his annoying brother. Sherlock huffed in defeat. Margaret Holmes was not to be contradicted.
“It dampens the urge to the point where I can sleep through most of my rut,” Sherlock said frankly. “Occasionally I have to…you know. But it’s far more manageable than without.”
Mycroft allowed his head to droop, reaching up to rub his brow. “You have to believe that we had no idea the broken bond would affect you so badly. We couldn’t have predicted—”
“No.” John shook his head and crossed his arms over his chest, a sinking feeling pulling at his guts. A madman, then.
“Why don’t we all go and take a seat in the lounge and rest a bit,” Margaret suggested. “The builders will be a few more minutes and the movers have to get all the furniture upstairs.”
John padded down the hall, scratching the back of his neck. He yawned and stretched, surveying the kitchen. No Sherlock, then.
John Watson watched them pass, feeling invisible. He remained out on the platform beneath the station clock rather than following them into the black and white, comfortably furnished rooms with bar and WiFi. He’d looked through the windows when he’d arrived, but there were too many people and they were all as likely to ignore his presence as the two preoccupied couples who’d just walked around him.
“Mummy and Dad should be here shortly,” Mycroft announced, sitting on the sofa at Greg’s side. “I sent a car to the station for them.”
“Well, isn’t this a turn up,” Janine laughed. “What in the world are you two doing here? And on this program? Wait, are you…you aren’t really…are you?”
“I know,” Greg said gently, wrapping an arm about Mycroft’s shoulders and kissing his temple. He rested his head against Mycroft’s and they stared at their baby.
John’s tongue had found the gap between the straining buttons of Sherlock’s shirt. John twirled wet heat against Sherlock’s flesh until Sherlock was gasping.
John was sitting back in his chair, arms crossed over his chest. He pursed his lips, about to speak when one of the serving staff passed the table.
Deirdre, on the other hand, was pragmatic and hard-headed. She hated injustice and had already announced her intention to become a human rights barrister.
Settling back into 221B had been easier than John had imagined. Having Sherlock in his arms most nights (excepting those when the detective restlessly paced the flat pondering a case) felt right and normal and good. He hadn’t hesitated at all when Sherlock asked him to renew their bond.
“Please,” Sherlock whispered, nearly breathless. “I want to see you, touch you, taste you.” He pushed back to search John’s face and saw only acceptance and mirrored arousal. “I want you, John. I…I love you.”
He turned to face the door, forcing a smile as it opened and Paige ushered in his next patient. His own problems would simply have to wait.
In the time it took to fetch drinks and catch up, Kit had brought his colouring down to sit in the room with the grownups, Mycroft and his brother were matching wits over a recent mystery in South America, and the babies had tried to sneak down the stairs. By the time Mrs. Hudson and Mr. and Mrs. Holmes arrived, the house was bubbling with chaos.
The kettle steams. He makes the tea and butters the toast before propping the plate in the crook of his elbow and carrying it through.
...I know it’s been difficult, and that we argue sometimes but, y-you need to know that you’re…” he gulps loudly. “...literally everything to me. And I love you and I need you to-”
"You will." Sherlock replied, the tone of his voice swiftly becoming...rather charming. And before John knew what was happening Sherlock had his arm outstretched towards him.
“Like it?” John looks up at him in disbelief. “This is incredible, Sherlock. Truly. Have you been here before?”
John smiles softly. He straightens up and smooths out the creases on his sleeves. “Thank you, Sherlock. So do you, as always. Are you ready to go then?”
Finally the red velvet curtains are unrolled from their hangers. The wide glass doors at the front of the building are opened, and the evening sun starts to stream through the tall arched windows, causing streaks of apricot light to line the floor. The ushers step back. The orchestra position their bows and the conductor raises his hand. Gradually, a gentle melody fills the room.
Rosie blinks at the memory, the vision of their conversation so real she can still hear the crackle of the fire in her ears. It is a devastating shame that she never knew her, but she’d like to think that if she was watching now; she’d be happy with the way things turned out. It was for the best that Sherlock and Dad finally got together, and that they were happy and in love, because in turn, Rosie’s childhood was a blissfully happy one too. Surely, her mother would have been glad of that.
Mycroft bites down on his lip, because, John is whispering the words so softly, so gently, that in any other situation you would think he was speaking to a child.
In the corner of his vision he can see John kissing his little brother again, his lips forming a perfect oval against Sherlock’s own. It’s absolutely devastating to watch, heart-breaking in so many different ways. They would have been so perfect together, he’s all Sherlock ever wanted…
Mycroft’s stomach twists, and his fingers start to twitch involuntarily. Sherlock’s hasn’t got a case on at the moment - not to his knowledge - and intelligence is showing that John and Lestrade are both asleep at their separate addresses. Irene is not in the country, and Moriarty is dead.
The kiss is delicate and slow. Just how John’s always wanted it to be. Their movements are so much softer than before. There is no longer the aching desperation the was felt in the drug den; the formidable sadness from the hospital; the attempt to savour every last sensation because they weren't sure they’d be lucky enough to experience it again.
It was a moment before either of them moved. A pause of mutual relief. Sherlock moved slowly to turn the light back on.
Hello again! I am so sorry about the massive delay for this chapter. I had the worst writers' block I've ever experienced and been insanely busy applying for jobs and things. It is 6000 words though so it's sort of like you're getting two in one? ;)
"Sir?" Sherlock's voice was quiet, timid and if John didn't know him better, he’d even say he sounded slightly nervous.
“Your skull,” John prompts, looking over to where it lies cracked on the floor by the fireplace. “What happened to him?”
John twitched nervously, he had no plan of action if the boy didn't back down. He coughed and stepped forward, trying to stare the boy down.
He holds his breath as John comes to a halt beside him and scans the walls with his torch. There’s nothing, just tattered remains of mattresses, beer bottles, litter, and then-
“Umm,” John eyes the selection longingly. It’s some of the best food he’s ever laid eyes on, but he’s not sure he would be able to eat it he’s so nervous. Sherlock senses his strained expression.
So firstly thank you so much reading. Sorry this chapter is quite a lot longer than the others, I just got on a roll and couldn't stop. I really hope you enjoyed it. Please comment your feedback, I love hearing from you.
“Sherlock.” John’s voice interrupts his actions, low and dangerous. Filled with quiet agony. Pain. “What is that?”
Sherlock shifts underneath him, and the feel of his hard cock against John’s thigh sends sparks flying in all directions through his body. He lets out an unexpected gasp, his hand instinctively fumbling for the buttons on the other man’s trousers, the rim of his boxers.
Mycroft almost does faint then, relief hitting him with the impact of an earthquake or a tidal wave; the feeling flushing through every single cell of his body. The fists squeezing his heart let go. His lungs fill with cool, fresh air.
“It came with a threat,” Mary said sardonically. “They’d already found me twice. I couldn’t afford to say no. But after I’d met you…I did care about you, you know.”
Sherlock stared down at the corpse Molly had carefully laid out on the table for them. He peered at the side of the woman’s face as he sipped his own triple shot cappuccino. There was a marked silence in the room. Sherlock looked up to find both of his friends staring at him.
Sherlock drew him close and let John cry into his shoulder. John wound a hand into Sherlock’s lapel and held on. Sherlock continued talking, soothing words about their last case and Kit’s morning at nursery school and Drew’s new words. John breathed him in and felt the tightness in his shoulders starting to ease.
Sherlock clapped his hands together. “Excellent.” He spun back to the x-ray bins, quickly locating his shoes. “Of course, there’s no reason we should wait that long to see one another again.”
“Hmm? Oh, gone. He waived his right to a witness,” John started, finally moving to head back out to his post. “He was clean.”
John tightened his grip and angled his head for deeper access. He grunted his extreme pleasure at the feel of the lean, male body against his own. He was very nearly lost to the sensations of the first real romantic or sexual contact he’d had in eighteen months when his hips were dragged up against the man he was kissing. And he felt the very real, very hard evidence of his companion’s interest in the proceedings.
“Come in—oh, John!” Sherlock jumped up from his desk. “I thought we’d agreed not to see each other until after tomorrow.”
Sherlock nodded solemnly, thinking that John really must get out of the habit of thanking him in doorways when
“Sorry to grab you before you’ve even got your coat off, but I thought you might like to say hello to Mary.”
“OH, fine. And we’ll just leave them here alone in the kitchen, then, shall we? Near the cooker. And the knives?”
“No. No, you don’t. You don’t wonder anything,” John started. “You promised: No treating my pregnancy as an experiment. Remember?”
John turned slowly, terrified that he had finally taken leave of his senses. He closed his eyes, though, in a desperate bid to prevent the sweet delusion from fading. “It can’t be you,” he whispered. “It can’t be.”
He turned at the sound of John’s voice. He hadn’t even heard him come in. John was standing just inside the closed door, still wearing his jacket. He was soaked through from the rain.
Sherlock’s panic began to take root. He’d been nurturing this idea for nearly two months, but he’d managed to prevent himself from forcing a conversation before he had fully prepared for the consequences of what he had just asked. Now, though, the look on John’s face was terrifying him.
Sherlock turned the key in the latch and pushed the glossy black door open, fulling expecting to see Mrs Hudson.
Mary shook her head and rubbed at her belly. “When I heard Jimmy was dead, I thought it was over. I’d managed to keep Mary clean, so I figured I was safe. But months later, I got a message ordering me to stay close to you.”
Sherlock did so, never taking his eyes from John’s. John concentrated on the sounds emanating from his patient’s chest, but could not relax under such scrutiny. Every time Sherlock looked at him, it made him feel utterly exposed.
John cut short his rant by stretching up on tip toe to place a very wet kiss on Sherlock’s lips. When he drew back, he nearly giggled at the look of complete bewilderment on the alpha’s face.
Sherlock hummed his pleasure in his task, eagerly suckling the modest prick deeper into the heat of his mouth. He flicked his tongue over the surface as he bobbed in and out. John was panting, clearly trying hard not to thrust into Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock took advantage of his mate’s distraction and pulled off, quickly burrowing beneath the stiff little cock to nuzzle into John’s perineum and suckle his small testicles.
“Why would you listen to what I said about that? I had no idea what I was talking about! I was an IDIOT!”
Sherlock was still deep in thought when the door opened downstairs. He held his breath as he recognized the footsteps on the stairs. John appeared in the doorway, slightly out of breath and rosy-cheeked.
By the time they reached 221, John was hard and desperate. They hurried inside and kissed as they shed clothes up the stairs and down the hall to their room.
John stirred as Sherlock got near. “Hey,” he said, trying to sound as though he hadn’t spent most of the night babysitting Sherlock on Mycroft’s orders. “You all right?”
Jeanette laughed out loud. “Exactly! God, I love my kids to bits, but I can honestly say that 10 years ago I might have sold both of them for ten minutes in the bath by myself.”
But neither men drop their stances. Their eyes burn into each other. They’re like two animals. The golden lion and the arctic wolf. Both at the top of their food chains, never willing to back down, snarling at each other through gritted teeth. She can practically feel the heat radiating off them.
Cashel was a classical pianist. He’d been studying at the conservatory since he was 12 and intended to see it through. She was concerned that he wouldn’t be able to support himself, but she would never let him see that. He was her tender-heart—he loved people and felt things deeply and was therefore often hurt. Still, she wouldn’t change him for the world.
“Margaret, please. And William.” Mrs. Holmes stood and reached for John’s hand. “Captain and doctor. Aren’t you precious?” she cooed. “You are quite my boy’s type, I have to tell you. Though we didn’t know at the time it was a type, all those soldier magazines he kept around.”
Oh, he’d gotten used to being alone and to parroting Mycroft’s mantra that caring was “not an advantage.” But then this doctor-soldier had marched into his life, and everything had changed. He had changed. John had changed him, and it was good. Somehow, he had managed to find his soulmate and, as luck would have it, his soulmate was Dr. John (Hamish) Watson.
Sherlock stood and paced over to stand directly in front of John. He looked somewhat panicked as he stared down into John’s eyes. “I’ve failed. I’ve failed to satisfy my mate.”
“Just waking up, I think,” Greg said. He grinned at John. “I’m still trying to sort out her signals.”
“You are, and you have been,” William said. “But it’s perfectly all right to be sad. To be frightened.”
“Come on, then, Sherlock,” William said amiably. “Why don’t you tell me all about the ceremony? I’d have loved to have gone, really, but your mother said it was best we left that to your friends.”
“Hello, sweet boy,” he said, reaching down with his free hand to ruffle Kit’s dark auburn curls. “Is Papa coming?”
“I suspect it’s blank. Which is probably just as well. The fewer people with access to those secrets, the better,” Mycroft sighed. He set his glass down on the table beside him. “Magnussen is the real problem now.”
“She’ll read Classics or something, and she’ll do well. And she’ll probably win more medals for rowing. But in the end, she wants to live in a small village somewhere—in a cottage—painting and drawing and spending time with someone she loves.”
Sherlock stopped finally in front of his chair. He gathered his violin and tucked it beneath his chin. “I’ll understand if you want to leave.”
As she recounted that first marriage, and then the second, John found himself identifying with each of the men in turn. Aidan was pleasant and well-meaning. He was also distracted and had a tendency to be selfish. But he wasn’t cruel. They’d fought until the end, but managed to maintain a civil relationship after the divorce.
“Oh, god, me too,” John teased softly. “I was done for the moment I saw you. But of course you knew that, like you knew everything else.”
“Yes. Sort of. We didn’t plan…it was just my heat came on so suddenly, and we were caught together and it just sort of…happened. I mean, I was on birth control.”
Greg waited for Sherlock to chime in, take over. Instead, the detective stood unmoving where he was, the sheet slowly drifting down at the back revealing — well, it could only be described as a tuft of mangled curls standing straight up on the right side of his head and…
Sherlock felt the climax uncoiling in the depths of his belly, heat beginning to trace his body down every synapse. He turned his head and was surprised to find John’s face right there.
Sherlock knew, whatever happened, Lestrade would be able to make any potential charges against John disappear—or Mycroft would. Still, he disliked the feeling of leaving his mate in distress.
“On the contrary,” Sherlock said. “Not one of them had an alibi I could believe. Of the four, one had an identical twin, one had a gambling problem and an unreliable witness, one had a duplicate ID card, and one—”
“I imprinted on you before the Androtheryn took hold, and somehow you managed to overwhelm my suppressants altogether. And we have shared a season. We’ll have much more control than we would have had otherwise, and our cycles will be stable, but as long as we keep doing…this…the answer is yes,” John replied, noting Sherlock’s furrowed brow. “Is that okay?”
The tension in John’s face eased instantly. “Yeah. ‘Course. Here…” He reached down and unceremoniously wiggled out of his snug red y-fronts. “There we are. Better?”
John hummed, his mind wandering again. He rested against Sherlock, taking comfort from the solid warmth of the man beside him and the familiarity of 221B. Even so, he couldn’t help thinking about the home he’d shared with Mary. By now they’d have been decorating the nursery. He wondered idly if Mary had learned the baby’s sex and started choosing paint colours. What if she was waiting for him to come home before she started?
“Awww, but you have such a way wi’ em.” She winked at him. “We all think it’s your ‘Captain Watson’ voice.”
Ellen? Polly? Jeanie? It didn’t matter. She was just another of John’s girlfriends. Brunette. Tall. Boring.
Greg’s familiar toothy smile was radiant as he met John’s eyes. “Somehow I can’t feature Sherlock as particularly helpful in this situation.”
“Sherlock,” John started wearily. “Look, we’ve talked about this. I want to be here for you, and I am as often as I can be. But Em’s only three, and I’m all she has.”
Puzzled, Greg was about to remark that John was remarkably dry (including his hair) for someone who’d just been in the shower when a rumpled mass of white appeared in the kitchen.
He handed the bag from the refrigerator to Sherlock who took a small pinch of leaves and set them on Kit’s colourful plastic plate. Sherlock stepped back to join John where he was leaning against the cupboard and they watched together as their boy studied the new addition to his lunch.
“Such a shame,” Margaret repeated. She smiled at John. “I’ll leave you to it. Let me know if you need anything.”
“Exactly,” Sherlock confirmed. He stood and paced to the bay window directly across from the end of the bed. “But she shared this with the police, who had the letter from the estate agent. They allowed her to see it, and she had to admit that it was her employer’s signature.”
“I don’t know a lot about sex, but I know that I don’t want to have anything at all between us. I want to see and taste and touch every part of you that I can, because I know that it will add even more to my understanding of who you are and to the connection we have.”
“Do you?” John asked, incredulous. “I’ll get fat and ungainly, Sherlock. I won’t be able to go on cases for months. I’ll develop small breasts to feed our child. I’ll likely be nauseated for the first trimester and have indigestion for the whole of the third. I’ll have mood swings. I’ll probably get stretch marks.” John stared at his hands.
221B Baker Street had been John’s home for less than a month, and already Sherlock had managed to get them into the middle of Scotland Yard's business: a smuggling ring, two missing prisoners of war and now a murder.
“Oh, it’s—I don’t—” Greg sighed. “Probably nothing. Well, not nothing. Just that time, I suppose.” Greg’s usually cheerful expression faded and he rubbed a hand over the back of his neck. “I didn’t expect it to bother me like this. I always thought Tara and I might have a chance at a kiddie before the end. But then she left and I—well, I guess that’s me done.” He shrugged. “It’s just part of life, isn’t it?”
The boy stood slowly (oh, why the fuck did he have to be tall?) and tugged at the very snug t-shirt that showed off every ripple of his toned young body. “If he wants me to go, he can tell me. Maybe he’d like a little bit more in a mate. At the very least, a much younger model.”
“Would you? Oh, lovely!” She turned away to set the tray down on the small table by John’s chair. “What about putting on the antlers—”
John staggered back, dumbstruck. “Have you always felt that way? All these years, you never loved her…”
But Sherlock was already busy tugging at his own clothes. John began to understand and tried to help. He shoved Sherlock’s shirt up and out of the way. Their fingers tangled in haste and desperation as they struggled with Sherlock’s fine wool trousers. Soon though, John was pulling at the dark briefs, anxious to get to the thickening alpha prick he could see outlined beneath them.
Sherlock’s easy manner as a father had surprised John a little at first, but he was utterly delighted with the connection Kit and Drew had with their alpha parent. He had been worried about his own abilities as a parent, too, given his reluctance to have children. However, he had discovered that he liked it more and was better at it than he thought he would be.
Jeanette held up her mobile and John spoke his name and digits into the microphone. The phone responded audibly with confirmation that the contact had been created.
“John, you need to take things easy,” the doctor said evenly. “There’s no sign of preeclampsia, but I don’t want to take any chances.”
“Oh, well, good for you,” Sherlock praised, patting the boy’s head awkwardly. The child’s hair was soft. And he smelled a bit like anxiety, which gave Sherlock the most unnerving impulse to protect him. “Perhaps…perhaps some day when you’re feeling better you and your friends could come by Baker Street and see some of my experiments.”
“Damn right. I don’t think my mum and dad even knew what a ‘normal’ omega was supposed to be. God rest them, they encouraged me to do what I wanted and be happy. And your brother may be a bit of a high-handed twat sometimes, but he went looking for whatever it would take to help you be who you wanted to be rather than watch you suffer and turn to drugs.”
“Are you—you bastard! She was a BABY! She had never done anything to anyone! How could you possibly blame her?”
Icy blue-green eyes flicked in John’s direction as he dropped into the leather wingback and collected the notebook Lucy had left on the table nearby for him. He was about to roll into his usual bedside manner persona, when he finally stopped to take a good look at Sherlock Holmes.
“I think,” John started. “That this turns you on almost more than you can bear.” He stroked a thumb over one cheekbone. “But I don’t think you’ve ever done anything about it.” John considered this. “Anything at all? I don’t suppose — have you never…?”
John shifted awkwardly, squeezing up against his companion to be able to push the door closed behind them. The blue and beige, closet-sized space was narrow, of course, as train compartments were wont to be—John thought he’d almost be able to span the width with his arms. And lengthwise it was not much bigger. There was barely enough room for the two of them to stand face to face beside the berths, both of which were neatly made with crisp white sheets and duvets.
John hesitated. “No—I mean there was that thing, when we first met, but I’m sure I just imagined it.”
As omegas went, John knew he was an abject failure. Starting right from the horrible circumstances of his son’s birth, he’d failed to make his son feel safe or content. He was pants at being a father.
“Right. And in it, Heatherton offered her a generous stipend for the period while he was ‘from home,’ as well as a reference in case she wanted to find other employment,” John finished. He swung his legs over the edge of the bed and sat there, facing the small desk where Sherlock was working. “She was absolutely sure the email was not written by Heatherton, and she was suspicious about the source of the money that appeared in her bank account.”
“Clever. So clever. So kind.,” he groaned, tracing his tongue around the edge of John’s shoulder blade. “Lovely. Good.
Sherlock frowned at her. “I asked him to move back here! And I’ve been doing everything I can to prove to him that I can do this. I can be part of his life without taking him away from Emily. That I can be polite and responsible and — ”
Sherlock relaxed a little. He nodded once, just a dip of the chin, before turning his attention back to their joined hands. “For good.”
William set his book down and stood. He passed the seat where his alpha mate sat cradling their grandson. “Excellent idea.” He bent to press a kiss into his wife’s hair and smoothed a hand over the baby’s back.
When they finally parted, Sherlock fixed him with a pointed look. “This is what we like,” he said calmly.
Even as a returning, injured soldier—feeling lost and out of place—he had never felt this hopeless. His son was inconsolable and teetering on the edge of a health crisis, and there was nothing he could do to help.
Sherlock was nearly clear when they were thrown forward—the weight of debris behind them as the cottage shattered with the blast. The concussion was deafening, and they all emerged from the smoke a little bloodied.
John shook his head, turning back to Greg. He gestured at Mycroft. “Can you clean him up? And try talking to him?”
“Anyway, it won’t interfere with sperm production,” John continued. “There won’t be any significant side effects, save for a moderation of your rut symptoms, a masking of your own scent and a reduction in your own susceptibility to potential mates.”
John moaned into Sherlock’s mouth as he began to move. The delicious friction between them gave stimulation in all the right places and it wasn’t long before Sherlock’s long-overdue orgasm began to crest.
“Morning,” he said. His voice was still sleep-soft and a bit rumbly—it sent delightful tingles down Sherlock’s spine.
Emily looked from her father to Sherlock and back again before leaning in to whisper (loudly) in her father’s ear, “It’s his favourite.”
John’s fingers brushed Sherlock’s away from his oversensitive cock. Sherlock sagged then, easing himself down into John’s arms to meet his lover’s waiting kiss.
“No,” Sherlock concurred. “You’re a busy doctor and detective’s assistant who has a toddler to care for. You can’t possibly do everything on your own. This is me helping.”
“That was the most ridiculous thing I have ever done,” John panted. He dropped his head back against the wall.
Sherlock gave an aggrieved sigh. “I work as a consultant for the Met. Whenever the good detectives of Scotland Yard are out of their depth — which is pretty much always — they call me.”
“You’re in my seat,” John said. His smile was utterly civilized and his voice low, but there was no mistaking the inherent menace.
When at last Mary opened the door to number 32, John was relieved not to hear or see anything worrying.
“I think your son would like you to dance with him,” John said with a smirk. He knew Sherlock’s moods—the restlessness, the black boredom. He just needed to be reminded that everything would be fine. Eventually. And Drew had a marvellous, sunny disposition that usually did the trick.
“My brother’s, if you wouldn’t mind,” Sherlock replied. He leaned his one, precious, rescued item against the car and bent to pull on the borrowed footwear.
Sherlock considered that and found himself somewhat mollified. “I suppose. But isn’t it going to bother you?”
Sherlock’s brow furrowed. “They enjoy it,” he said. “John, why don’t you come and sit down. Your feet are swollen and it’s clear you have a headache. We should probably check your blood pressure.”
John started to smirk. “All right, then, think of all the fun you’re going to have deducing the people that live in those houses, even if they have nothing at all to do with our case.”
The man sighed as though grievously put upon, but once again obeyed John’s instruction. John began the process of sifting through the contents.
He stared down at the rosy-tipped evidence of John's supremacy. John had very little chest hair to obscure the view. What he did have was fair and surprisingly soft. It did nothing to distract Sherlock from his object.
Sherlock nodded, swallowing around the lump that was forming in his throat. He watched John leave the room, passing once more in front of the painting.
“Perhaps my earlier question was a little hasty,” Mycroft continued smoothly. He stepped toward the slumbering former army captain. “How long has he been unconscious?”
“No, you’re not. Not really. You don’t pick up on some things because you are far too busy seeing all of the other amazing things the rest of us completely miss,” John insisted, huffing a little. “You are brilliant. And wonderful. And—”
Mycroft watched as John pressed his lips into Kit’s soft hair. Mycroft had only held Kit on a handful of occasions, but he recalled finding the sweet, milky, baby smell surprisingly pleasant. Strange.
His breath caught in his chest as he regarded the long, angular face with the sharp cheekbones and feline eyes. The full lips were slightly pursed as the young man stared at him, clearly considering something.
He strode confidently past the windows, with John hissing his name and hesitantly following along behind him. As they reached the door, a familiar voice called out.
John hung his head. “No. No. That isn’t it. It’s just — well, this isn’t really your long suit, is it? Kids, home and hearth. Family…”
“Ta,” Greg replied. “Mycroft thinks so, too. And I feel great, which is the most important thing. If I’d known having a baby would be like this, I’d have fought harder to—well, doesn’t matter now. Besides, better to have waited for the right alpha to share it with.”
John turned away to stare off down the tracks in the direction their train would soon be pulling in. Sherlock stared at the back of John’s head.
“Hey, sweet boy,” John said lightly, fearing the worry in Kit’s little face. “Are you ready to go to school? Come and give Papa a kiss bye-bye.”
John face softened and he leaned in for a kiss—just a brief, chaste pressing of lips. “It certainly is.”
Whatever the case, it was clear he was no longer in any way fit for civilian life. Especially not in the city he loved. Not that it mattered. He’d be leaving London soon enough, and probably for good.
Sherlock shook his head. One hand reached down to stroke over the nearest bit of John he could reach from where he stood at the edge of the bed. He dragged his fingertips over John’s thigh reverently. “You are…”
The other passengers, who’d looked right through John only minutes before, now grinned at him mischievously as he and his new “friend” joined the queue.
“Sherlock,” John panted. His legs were beginning to shake with need and the smell of his alpha in the room sent John’s head spinning. “Need you. Where were you? Thought you were going to leave me alone.”
John hadn’t even noticed the young man’s hand coming up until it was too late. It wasn’t a hard shove, but enough to knock his heavier than normal body a little off balance. John heard his alpha’s warning snarl, but by then it was too late.
Sherlock dragged John into the library, skidding to a halt beside the huge oak desk. He pointed at the old fashioned blotter. “What do you see?”
“Yes,” John said with a pleasant smile, which was not returned. He extended his hand; the tall man regarded it for a moment before finally accepting the handshake. “It’s a pleasure to meet you Mr…”
John hummed appreciatively as Sherlock’s lovely bum was revealed. He loved Sherlock’s bum. It was round, but not overly large. It was firm and toned—two perfect, plump handfuls. Especially lovely when he was pulling Sherlock closer to drive the thick alpha cock deeper inside his passage. He whimpered a little as lubrication began to trickle from his body.
John complied reluctantly, his breath catching when at last he saw… “Sherlock?” He choked back a sob and lifted a hand to trace over the lines of the handsome face, surrounded by dark, wavy hair that was still unfashionably long. The burns had healed some, but the scarring would remain on his brow and cheek. The bright, keen eyes and utterly kissable mouth were unchanged. “Sherlock — oh, god. It is you. It’s really you. But how…
John groaned with the first shuddering thrust, driving their hardness together. He rolled up and back, finding a rhythm that quickly pushed Sherlock to the edge. John held Sherlock’s gaze as they rocked together, chasing completion.
“Won’t be a moment,” Sherlock continued, ignoring his mother’s disapproval and Greg’s amusement. “Come along, John.”
A horrible sound emanated from Sherlock’s throat and he crossed to John in three long strides. He fell to his knees, both hands clutching at John’s hips, his face pressed into John’s thighs.
John shouted as Sherlock’s body clamped around his prick while the man’s cock striped the wall in front of them.
The corners of Sherlock’s mouth turned up. He watched John carefully as he tidied up. “That’s…good.”
Greg’s grin returned. He looked decidedly relieved. “Perfect. Ta. And if you could see your way to not letting him know?” He jerked a thumb in Sherlock’s general direction.
The cat that had been haunting his kitchen window ledge was back. John smiled and tapped on the glass. The tabby meowed at him and slinked away into the dark.
But the scraggly creature that shuffled into the dimly lit space hardly looked like the man John had fallen in love with. Long, matted curls surrounded a bruised and bearded face. He was gaunt—he’d been half starved when Mycroft’s people found him. He was wearing a pair of grey track bottoms and a matching long-sleeved top. These were for the benefit of travel; Mycroft would not bring his brother home, let alone bring him to see his mourning mate, in what he’d been wearing before.
Sherlock was moving, tracing the lines of John’s body with his nose, searching out the places where John would smell strongest: beneath his arms and…
John smirked, teasing his fingertips beneath Sherlock’s heavy balls. He rubbed there a moment, watching the breath catch in Sherlock’s chest.
“No, of course not,” John said.  “You know perfectly well I’m delighted Emily adores you and has done pretty much since the day she was born. It’s just that, well, she needs routine, structure. You know, normal everyday kid stuff. And she’s not likely to get that with — ” John cut himself off and pursed his lips. “And anyway the experiments might be a little dangerous, if they’re left lying around…”
“Sorry,” John sighed. He leaned in and wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist. He nuzzled into his mate’s neck. “I don’t mean to be so moody.”
“That’s my nose,” Margaret chuckled. “Where’s yours?” She waited a moment before touching her own index finger gently to Kit’s button nose. “There it is!”
He crawled over Sherlock’s body, unwilling to waste time with foreplay. Not tonight. Sherlock had, very helpfully, bent his arms and kept his hands at shoulder height on the mattress. John clasped one wrist in each hand and pinned Sherlock down as he licked a path across his chest. Sherlock bit his lip as John flicked his tongue over one nipple.
John lifted his head for a moment, clearly amused. “Yeah,” he admitted sheepishly. “It’s a stupid thing we let little boys get away with instead of teaching them how to ask nicely.”
“I’d hoped—well, I was fairly certain you wouldn’t remember.” Sherlock’s voice was small. “I thought, or I suppose I wanted to believe, that it was what you wanted, too. Subconsciously.”
“Oh, god, John,” Sherlock said, visibly paling. “You weren’t…” He lurched forward in his seat and grasped both of John’s hands in his own. “I should have come sooner. I should have found a way.”
The silence was painful. Sherlock could hear every sound in the room as he waited for John’s reply: John’s old analogue alarm clock, the whisper of a breeze through the drapes over the open window, his own heartbeat.
John nodded, clutching Sherlock’s fingers between his own even more tightly. Sherlock’s hips stuttered and he thrust once more before collapsing into John’s body, spent.
“Entertainer?” John glanced up, trying to hide his surprise. Bespoke suit, manicured hands, expensive haircut, posh accent, probably a public school education: It was clear this passenger—Holmes—had never done a hard day’s work in his life. But an entertainer? That didn’t quite fit. “What sort of entertainment?”
“This, between you two. How did we miss that?” John asked quietly, waving a hand back and forth between Mary and Janine.
“But how did you get the prototype?” Sherlock asked softly. “That’s the part I can’t quite see. Only four people had access to it, and they all have exemplary records. And alibis.”
The music emerged gently. Sherlock blinked several times as he recognized the song. It was the first song he and John had ever danced to after...after...
“Isn’t that what I just said?” Sherlock shrugged. “I have my eye on a nice flat in central London. Between us, we should just be able to afford it. We can go have a look tomorrow.”
John rested back onto his right arm and reached down with his left hand to smooth over Sherlock's belly. He continued teasing kisses as he slipped his fingers down into the thatch of dark curls at Sherlock's groin. Sherlock gasped as John's fist closed around him.
“Yes,” John said. “But you’ve got that stack of cold cases Lestrade gave you before he went on leave. You’ve only done about half of those.”
“I’m not going anywhere,” the boy scoffed. “If you want him, you’ll have to prove you can keep him.”
“Oh, my love,” John panted, relinquishing Sherlock’s kisses for a moment. “Oh, yes. Fuck, you feel so good.”
“We’ll have a quick check on everything, but your blood work all looks pretty good. The midwife was concerned about your blood pressure, though, which is why he sent you back to me. We’re going to monitor very carefully. And Mr. Holmes?”
John smiled sentimentally at the grainy scan picture. He had one of his own hanging on their refrigerator now. “She?”
The chair behind John lurched out of the way with a horrible squeal of wood on wood. John had let go of Sherlock and was reaching behind him for some kind of purchase to keep them both from collapsing altogether. But Sherlock didn’t care. How could he? He was kissing John Watson. His John. And John was kissing him back. Warm lips were attempting to guide his own and he tried to follow.
Sherlock felt dizzy and knew suddenly that his knees were going to give out. The ringing in his ears somewhat drowned out John’s soothing voice as his doctor bore his weight to the bed and stretched him out over the coverlet. Gentle hands rubbed at his chest and urged him to take deep, even breaths. And he was trying, but…
Sherlock clung to John, soaking his omega’s clothing through with guilty tears. He would never be able to make it up to John or to their son. There was no hope of it. His aching, bruised body protested the movement, but he tightened his grip on his mate, digging his fingers into the denim of John’s jeans.
As he entered the kitchen, Mrs. Hudson smiled at him over a tray of “nibbles” she was preparing. She looked as though she was about to ask him something when Sherlock heard John’s voice in the sitting room. He stepped closer to the door to listen.
He dug to the bottom of the pack to no avail. He had completely forgotten to put in his shaving kit. No toothbrush, no hairbrush, no razor, no deodorant.
Sherlock pressed a kiss to the back of John’s neck. “Go ahead and sleep. I’ll get the boys if they need anything.”
“Mine,” Sherlock rasped, shoving John’s shirt to the side to scrape his teeth along John’s collarbone.
Sherlock licked and sucked at John’s entrance, breaching with his tongue again and again. By the time he’d had his fill, John had reached the edge of his coherence.
“Oh, jesus. I don’t...I don’t think I can last,” John panted, he frotted desperately against Sherlock. “You feel so fucking good. Waited so long.”
At that moment, Sherlock strolled out of the kitchen, still in his dressing gown. He had a handful of freshly washed beakers, which he set back on the shelf before moving to settle into his chair.
John hadn’t said anything, of course. He’d blinked a few times, cheeks flushed. Finally, he’d just ground his teeth and marched away from Sherlock to board the train that had just arrived. He’d stared out the window and said nothing for the duration of the trip. He was still silent when they caught the cab that brought them home.
“You were wrong, Sherlock. Just like the sugar. Good thinking, but...it occurred to me right then that we’ve never talked about it. That I’m bisexual. And if we’d never actually talked about it—
Sherlock nibbled and teased and suckled happily while John stroked his head and tugged at his curls.
John had always been small, even for a male omega. Over the years, he’d learned caution and humility. Unfortunately, he’d been a scrapper in his youth and his time in the army had only served to enhance his fighting skills. He swung the punch without waiting for his equilibrium. He didn’t need it.
He felt the movement as John's other hand slipped beneath the covers to stroke his own fully erect cock.
The little girl nodded from her perch on the cloakroom bench, where she was swinging her wellie-clad feet. She was dressed in her favourite pink-striped tights and rosebud print dress. Her blond waves had been covered with a cerise knit cap (a gift from Mrs. Hudson) and she was already wearing her coat.
Janine calmly grabbed another tea cup and saucer, poured in a little milk and handed it to John. “No sugar for you.”
“I have a ride, thanks,” he replied. He pushed his way through the throng of his fellow newly homeless and made his way to where the DI was waiting.
Sherlock sighed as John began the process of replacing the bandages. “Information, obviously. They knew I wouldn’t have risked such a journey without good cause. They assumed there must be a secret plan, of which they believed I had knowledge.”
“What’s all this, then?” Mrs. Hudson asked. She had snuck up the stairs without them noticing and was standing in the doorway with her hands on her hips. “John, love, are you all right?”
“But why didn’t I introduce you to them?” Sherlock regarded their clasped hands once more. “Because they mean well, but the road to hell is paved with good intentions.”
“Because it is a joyous thing to celebrate someone’s continued presence in the world. To celebrate children learning and growing,” John replied, falling back against the chair. “Why are you such a misery guts this morning?”
“Granddad!” Kit piped up from his booster seat next to William and tugged on his grandparent’s sleeve. “More ‘tatoes? Please?”
No longer having access to those in power had been demoralizing for the man, though. He'd never really recovered. He'd taken himself off to the new Musgrave Hall to complete a work on the history of British espionage.
Sherlock’s wandering hand had followed the arc of John’s bump down to the crux of his thighs, where John’s cock was still plump with interest. “Yes, John?”
Sherlock tilted his head in John’s direction. There was barely twelve inches of space between them. John glanced up from the injection site and met his patient’s eyes.
“It is,” John agreed tightly. They had very little time before all the patients would need to be moved, and John wasn’t at all certain this young man would survive the trip.
He turned at Sherlock’s shout and returned at a run to the small shrine. “What is it? Are you in pain?”
“He wiped a shaking hand across his brow and that’s when I realized he was sweating. The cool, detached, control freak I’d always known was coming apart right in front of me. And I really wanted him to. Have you seen the colour of his eyes?”
John stood behind the chair in which Sherlock had slumped. He placed a hand on the taller man’s shoulder and squeezed.
“US leave?” Sherlock ranted, now clearly picking up the strong scent of John’s distress as the omega began to wilt in his arms. “Why didn’t you do anything to stop this idiot boy from accosting me at my table, where I was trying to enjoy a pleasant meal with my
He tsked and surprised Sherlock with one hard smack on his upended arse. “Hardly inspection-ready, is it?”
“The truth is…” John felt the words sticking in his throat. He had never been very good at this sort of thing.
But giggling and twitching every time Sherlock tried to touch him was less than helpful. John wanted Sherlock to process intimacy in his own way and in his own time—to catalogue sensations and John's responses and gain confidence in his own ability to give John pleasure and to take it, too. It was a delicate process.
John tried to sidestep his patient’s unusual career path. “So you don’t feel love. Or affection. Or friendship. Ever?”
Sherlock scrambled to his knees and stretched up to tug the blanket and the Union Jack cushion from John’s chair. He rearranged sleepy John until they were lying covered up on their sides—John’s little spoon to Sherlock’s big one—with their heads sharing the one cushion and their backs to the fire.
John took a nervous breath. Tuesday. He’d been waiting for this moment, more than a little anxiously. For in a couple of minutes time he would be setting eyes on the boy with the mop of curly black hair and piercing blue eyes.
The only sign of life is the soft flutter of his breathing, the occasional twitch of a finger. His limbs lie heavily against the bedsheets. His face is squished into the pillow. The world around him is restful, calm.
“He’s not listening.” Mycroft mutters, the panic starting to return to his body, burn through his veins.
“Me?” John snaps from his trance. He looks around. They are the only pair not dancing. “Yeah I’m fine, err, let’s-”
there. The man is only getting angrier, harsher, more severe with his blows. The whip strikes the back of his neck.
"What do you want?" He demanded through the strip of the door, careful to use his body to block the rest of the room (and John) from her view.
"Sherlock!?!" He hissed, "What the-" But he cut himself off. Annoyed as he was, he wasn't going to embarrass the boy in front of everyone.
People come and go around him, like players in a game or characters from some naff television drama. It's odd setting, one he's not used to. There is all sorts here, people who look tired, old, young, ecstatic, bereaved. There's children, families. Lone women with sad smiles. He finds he doesn't know how to act, how to
It’s laughable to think that only a matter of hours ago she was racing through London on a motorbike, thinking there were criminals to chase, an adventure to be had and a husband to save. But there wasn’t. She wasn’t needed. There was nothing. There
The photos seem to end rather abruptly there, and the rest of the album is usually empty. There was so much more space, yet it wasn't filled. She tilts her head to the side, confused, desperate for more. About what time would that have been? 2011 now...2012? - She picks up the next album - that was the period where Sherlock supposedly 'died' so it makes sense that there wouldn't be anything else until late 2014 but...
But Sherlock has already tossed the pillow to one side and moved to start undoing his shirt buttons, his head propped up awkwardly against the headboard. John watches as he concentrates intently on the movement of his fingers, clearly finding it difficult.
“Oh come on,” Sherlock rumbles, voice deliberately deep. “Don’t pretend you’re not just the tiniest bit pleased to see me.”
John blushed, his breath quickening as Sherlock moved closer to him. It still astounded him just how attracted he found himself to the young man. He was bisexual, that much had been established, but women had always been more his forte. So it was still a shock to him that the slightest mischievous smirk or the slow lick of lips from another man made his head spin in the way it did now. Honestly, he barely knew the person in front of him, but by
“Well…” Sherlock daringly reached out and placed the light touch of his palm on John’s shoulder. “I’ve got some research notes I was hoping you could take a look at…”
A venomous laugh vibrates inside his ears as the image of Jim sliding a blood-soaked tongue over his lips flickers before him. The world's only consulting criminal moves closer, his imaginary thighs straddling Sherlock’s hips as the blood from his mouth drips steadily from his pale skin. His eyes flame brighter than Sherlock’s ever seen them.
Sherlock flops down onto the bed and closes his eyes, still breathless. He pulls a pillow over his head to block out the light and lets out a long groan in response to John’s question. “I do but I…” He takes several deep breaths. “I’m too exhausted.”
She’s not careful or quiet, and the wood splinters as she pulls up the first corner. She sighs. Two nails out. Two to go. She removes the metal and wedges the bar in from the other side. She never thought she’d be doing this so soon, if ever, and the thought of how quickly her life has fallen apart helps her find the strength to push down on the crowbar once again.
John groaned internally although he was careful to conceal any sign of disappointment from his face, there was no denying that he found himself instantly missing Sherlock's proximity and the touch on his arm.
Of course, now an adult woman she knows about the tragic circumstances of her mother’s death, and all the turmoil that came afterwards. Growing up, she'd read conspiracy theories about it online, aged 15, before finally plucking up the courage to ask Sherlock for the real details.
Sherlock stared at him for a moment, eyes blank, before confusion and disappointment crossed his face. He lowered his head slightly, eyes darting towards the floor.
Sherlock moved forward and John felt the beginnings of small blush start to creep in from the center of his cheeks. He coughed, his brain kicking back into action as he tried to change the subject.
The adult looked round, taken back but still staring Sherlock down. He appeared half annoyed, half upset. John feared he was about to hit back, so he hastily decided to get the first word.
The sheets around her are like ghosts. Too cold, too empty. There's not enough folds and creases. No pockets of warm air.
Sherlock watches warily, feeling quite sure he is going to pass out soon, if not from the drugs come down then from exhaustion. Mary is stroking John’s hair, holding his waist, but this time he doesn’t feel the sharp sting of jealousy he normally does. Because this hug is not like before, not even close. It is not an embrace of lovers, or even the pity of friends. It is just genuine comfort, a release for the both of them. Sherlock takes several steady breaths.
Sherlock studies him for a second. “Apart from the obvious signs such as your flushed cheeks and the feeble attempt to flatten your hair you have also turned away from me and are now avoiding eye contact. Overall I’d say that’s pretty obvious body language John even you wouldn’t miss it. You’re ashamed.”
“You’ll have to find out…” John smirked, his eyes glistening in the pale light that streaked through the quaint curtains of 221B.
The man laughs, a thunderous cackle that bounces off the walls, fills the small concrete cell like gas. His eyes gleam black in the half-light. His matted brown hair seeming to merge into the mess of his beard. His infernal black boots thud against the floor when he moves.
Because Mary is standing motionlessly in the doorway. Her hands trembling. Her heartbeat thundering. She forces a smile.
John eyed him up slowly. Back straight, Sherlock was tall and lean with piercing green eyes, or were they blue? In the light John couldn't tell. His cheeks were usually pale, but in this moment the sun happened to be dancing elegantly on the smooth edge of his cheekbones, letting them glow a tanned orange. And
The army doctor staggers. There is a danger his knees are going to give way beneath him. He reaches out to support himself on the dresser.
“So, that’s all there is on that and now we’re going to move on to arterial bleeding. Does anyone know what position to put a patient in when they have severe bleeding to the upper thigh?”
The room falls silent. John takes several deep breaths. More seconds pass. He looks up, eagerly awaiting Sherlock’s reply.
It never fails to strike Mycroft just how much like a mouse Molly sounds, her quiet voice, the slight stutters, ready to be frightened off at any moment.
Jim Moriarty - or the memory of him at least - torturing Sherlock, making him suffer from the inside out. Of
Mycroft tugs at John’s shoulders and they sit back as a man with mousy brown hair and sharp blue eyes takes over. He checks Sherlock’s pulse before lifting the detective’s head and sliding an oxygen mask over his mouth, causing his hair to get caught at the sides. A steady stream of warm breath appears on the inside of the plastic.
“I didn’t mean it I’m sorry.” Mycroft reaches out to touch Sherlock’s hand but then decides against it. “Listen, about all of this. I’m…really sorry.”
“Um,” Sherlock’s eyes widen dramatically. “And do you think it’s a good idea that Molly sees me like this?”
It’s like there’s an abyss in John’s stomach. A desert in his throat. Nothing has ever felt so surreal. His vision has been reduced to an uneven blur. All the noises are too loud. His senses too sharp.
After that conversation they never spoke of her often, although when they did their words were warm and gentle, yet always careful since it normally upset them both, especially John. Occasionally, when Rosie was cheeky, Sherlock would say: “Well I’m not sure what your Mummy would have thought about that,” and pat Rosie on the head, and John would just smile sadly, his eyes suddenly far away in the distance. She remembers that look well.
“Couldn’t sleep,” Mycroft says, wrinkles lining his temples as he gives one of his patronising smiles. “Although clearly, you two didn't have any trouble.”
“Sherlock,” He gasps, his voice just as much of a mess as his actions. “Is this alright? Is this what you want?”
Whether it was deliberate or not John didn’t know but in a split second Sherlock’s voice had dropped several octaves and adopted the most profoundly flirtatious tone.
John continued to stand, leaning back on the desk once more and watching in amusement as Sherlock finally opened his bag and sifted hurriedly through its contents, searching until his hands clasped around a large blue folder. He pulled it out and rose back up, setting it down on the desk between them.
John is now hunched over his motionless brother, his whole body trembling. He’s crying into Sherlock’s hair, stroking his face. Sherlock is still
“...I’ll just wait here and entertain myself. It seems certain he'll pull through now. That’s all that matters.”
Sherlock simply fixes him with a look. He unclips the pulse sensor from his finger and sighs as the machine goes dead beside him. “There were doctors I presume, before, when I was unconscious?”
“I don’t know!” John is choking on his own sobs, still never taking his hands from Sherlock’s face. “I don’t understand-”
“I need to tell you something,” he continues, “Ok? It’s important, it’s-” He grimaces and drops his head between his shoulders. How on earth can he possibly say this? Admit what he hasn’t even admitted to himself. How is he supposed to explain it, transform such a tangled mess of feelings into words? Where does he even start?
“That’s correct.” John replied, trying desperately to ensure his tone didn’t come across as patronising. He was pretty certain everyone in this room was either his age or older than him.
“No, um, god,” John struggles, backpedalling. “Not wrong, that wasn’t a good way to put it, I mean... It’s just a shock, isn’t it? All of this, and we’ve gone quite fast and I still feel so...
Hello! Sorry for the delay, life has been hectic, and of course the arrival of series 4 completely blew my mind. I'm slightly miffed though because I thought I had more time to get this finished before a certain someone died. But anyhow, this is obviously set before episode one. I have a feeling this chapter might take you to hell and back...enjoy!!!
Hi again, sorry for the delay on this chapter. I was stuck in writers' block for so long and I've also been so irritatingly busy. But here it is, a very long angsty chapter, and god I hope you like it. Enjoy!
Ok so what did you think of that? I am very nervous it was truly awful but hopefully you disagree. Thank you so much for reading. I'll try make sure it's not quite so long until I next update.
Sherlock wavers in and out of consciousness. The room has been blurry for at least two hours and he’s starting to get seriously fed up of feeling like he might be sick at any moment. He shifts around uncomfortably on the sofa. Sweating.
. Just as much as it did with John at the hospital. Guilt snakes back through Sherlock’s stomach, twisting itself around his organs like a python; flowing through his veins like a sickness. The world unexpectedly waves in and out of focus again and for a second he thinks he might black out.
couldn’t get Sherlock to take it, didn’t monitor him properly, was too busy with work, let things slip. He lowers his head. “I will watch him more closely this time. Collect it for him every day, whatever it takes.”
“It’s just not good enough, it is Sherlock.” Molly takes a meek step forward. The words tumbling out of her mouth faster than she can stop them. “You can’t keep hurting the people you care about most. Okay? You can’t. Because there’s only so much they can take-”
John sighed quietly to himself. Why was the boy hanging behind again? He didn't mind answering his questions, but it was starting to get slightly...annoying.
Sherlock starts moaning relentlessly into John’s mouth. Babbling. His eyes closed and fluttering. His breathing is shallow. Movements unpracticed.
of pain in his chest every time when they weren’t recuperated. Not to mention Reichenbach. Countless suffering and unbearable waiting. It was all for him.
“2.39am. Now get dressed immediately and get in the car waiting for you outside. Don’t bring Mary. I’ll meet you there. See you-”
Another lengthy silence blankets them. Still, Sherlock bites his lip. Still, he does not know what to say. It’s like the wounds from dismantling Moriarty's network are reopening on his back. The bruises are reforming around his eyes.
“It’s about 50-50,” Mycroft says honestly. “She’s good at hiding, and we might already be too late.”
“Shh.” Sherlock wets his dry lips with his tongue. “Please. Spare me the lecture. I know what I’ve done.” He pauses and indicates to the door with his eyes. “Who’s out there?”
"Mycroft." John tilts his head to the side, a dangerous glint in his eyes. His voice starts to tremble. "What are you implying...I love Mary."
“It's been awful,” Mrs Hudson whispers rather unsubtly as she arrives at his side. “Really awful since you left.” They both watch as Sherlock collapses himself into his chair and groans loudly. “He doesn't eat, doesn’t sleep.” She lowers her voice. “He
Oh gosh I know I'm sorry about the cliffhanger. I'll try update as soon as possible I promise. Please leave a comment if you enjoyed!
It’s strange because the feeling has only come back again recently, a couple of weeks after Sherlock’s return. Before that John was actually moving on, progressing, finding alternatives. Rebuilding his life with Mary.
The flat looks terrible. An absolute bomb site, as if it has been ransacked or burgled overnight. Everything is messy and unorganised, even more so than normal. All the furniture seems slightly out of place. Every surface is covered in sheets of paper, books, rubbish, meaningless clutter. Pieces of litter scatter the floor. There's magazines and newspapers cut-outs, data from experiments, endless streams of material from the frantic string of cases Sherlock's been completing on his own recently. His skull lies cracked on the floor by the fireplace. The wall has several new gunshot holes, and one larger one from where it's been kicked.
Surely this is a joke; some stupid trick set up by a nutcase to get John to confess how he really feels. It’s like he’s actually living in a nightmare, trapped in a horror film he can’t escape from. He needs to wake up, right now. This can’t really be happening.
She’s thinking she might sell the flat. It's the logical thing to do and it would earn her enough money to stop her worrying about it. John would have wanted that, probably. He left her everything in his will. But she can’t decide if Sherlock would have minded, he did make some vague comment about her living here, but she could never do that. Not at the moment at least. Too painful. Too many memories.
What if Mycroft is right? What if he - John Watson - is the only person who can do this. The only one who can say the words that will make a difference.
He sucks in red marks. Hard enough they’ll last. He bites and teases, relishing the way Sherlock seems to respond to the movements of his tongue.
"Uh...yeah” John replied, his fingers suddenly reaching down to fiddle with the corners of his shirt. This felt... weird. He wasn't on first term names with any of his other students.
Her gaze travels upwards, and she scans the building to try and re-familiarise herself with it - it’s been awhile since either she or John have been here.
John waited for everyone to leave the room before approaching Sherlock. The air now felt musky, for the sunset had finished and darkness had now begun fading across the room. It was almost silent now, the adults carrying all forms of noise with them. All that was left was the meek sound of John's footsteps and the flutter of Sherlock's breathing, which John noticed was becoming increasingly more ragged. He gulped, he had no idea what he was about to say but one thing was clear; an odd sort of tension had suddenly come about and John could almost feel it radiating between them both.
As he works he tries to ignore the guilt. Because surprisingly it’s there, faintly, silently, vibrating in the background. He feels its presence as if it was someone standing behind him, a spider crawling down his back or a voice whispering in his ear. The slightest knot tightens in his stomach every time he presses send. Because it’s cruel really, keeping her in the dark like this. Hiding. But he can’t forget it’s on John’s orders too. They
She blinks back a fresh wave of tears and swallows loudly. “Look it doesn’t matter now, what happened two years ago, because...you’re right.”
“Last night...after everything, what I did, it really wasn’t what you needed, alright? That’s what I’m trying to tell you. I’ve always had a bit of a temper but that...that was…” He loses the words to continue. “I shouldn’t have treated you like that, no matter the circumstances, and I promise I
“Yeah, from my mind, I have to delete things...sometimes...it’s a sort of... ah! Doesn't matter. I've found it now.”
She limps for several streets until she is sure she is alone. An alleyway off Floral Street provides the perfect temporary hiding place. She leans back against the wall, concealing herself in an arch, breathing heavily.
Sherlock’s not sure that he does know, but he tries to smile anyway. “We’ve got a crime to find and an article to write for tomorrow.”
but he wants things to go back to the way they were. That he’s angry at him for going back on drugs, furious even. That’ll he’ll
Shiny expensive exterior, well kept, and not more than six months old. A four-stroke engine. A full fuel gauge.
And it's that word, and that word alone, that finally drives John to breaking point. It presses the final button, snaps the last chord, and sends him plummeting over the edge. It’s like being dropped into boiling hot water.
“What did you say?” Mary whips around on the chair, her sharp eyes coming to track every movement on her husband’s face. “John?”
“Hmm” John gave a slightly pained grin. He took his hand down from his hair and put it on his knee. The action brought his eyes to the attention of Sherlock's thigh which was next to his, just a couple of inches away. It was so small and lean in comparison to his toned, muscular one - he’d been working out recently in preparation for the army. John's eyes dropped down to rest of Sherlock's lower body. His legs were thin, tucked in close together, the insides of his knees touching. John gulped. The thought of running his hands down along Sherlock’s thighs to check if they were as frail as they looked would be a highly inappropriate one, but it didn't stop him from having it. He looked away quickly, slightly ashamed and suddenly starting to grow more and more anxious of where they were and what it looked like. He glanced towards the door, shuffling uncomfortably. Sherlock followed his gaze, turning his head until their eyes met quickly and John caved and looked away first.
“Second.” Mycroft doesn't bother to hide the fact that he’s panting and wheezing. He’s climbed the stairs and now he finds himself stood in a large empty hallway. The whole building is absorbed by the smell of damp concrete and cobwebs. It’s pitch black. The only light he’s got is the torch from his phone.
He’s not sure if the words actually leave his lips, if they’ll even reach the real world. He’s not sure he really cares anymore…
John wasn't letting this happen. This conversation. He didn't want to hear it - or think about it. He’d asked himself that same question many times and come to the conclusion that he did
He sags against the wall and takes several deep breaths, in, out. In, out. He needs to think about this. Try and wipe the panic from his brain.
She tilts her cheek and holds her breath, listening just outside the door. Her fingers curl noiselessly around the handle.
Cold and painful. The kind you get in the split second before an explosion, the moment before someone pulls the trigger of a gun; sets off a bomb. It’s the kind that lasts a
“John,” Sherlock almost laughs. “He will but there’s nothing we can do about it. I doubt he’ll say anything. Perhaps make a passing comment at the most.”
me, I…” He grimaces at the memory, regret and fear and dread uncoiling like a broken spring in his stomach. “I was already tripping and having some rather...horrific...
"You don't, um, do drugs? Do you Sherlock?" He stuttered slightly when he said Sherlock’s name and cursed himself internally for it.
“Brave,” Sherlock had repeated, his mind deep in thought. “That is definitely the way to describe her." he paused, "I could never be half the person she was.”
Sherlock winced at how blatantly obvious they were and he tried to stop himself from looking so guilty. "I was just asking about Mrs Hudson's..." his eyes darted back and forth quickly as he tried to think of the right word "...day."
The tall Russian's words strike his eardrums. So boisterous they seem to vibrate in the valves of his heart. He punches Sherlock again and this time the detective can't help but whimper as the man's knuckles connect with his jaw. Breaking the skin on his lip.
“Yes,” He replies. “That is what people normally do-” He tries hard to focus on his breathing. Fighting for control over his breath. “During a panic attack.”
John pursed his lips, trying to ignore the sick feeling settling in his stomach. Once again it seemed he was being laughed at.
“Well... err, yes but,” John squints, struggling to explain why he’s suddenly so embarrassed when he doesn’t even understand himself. “I haven't seen you like
Claire presses her hands together firmly. “Because, with all due respect Mr Holmes, last time simply administering methadone didn’t work. And that can’t happen again, can it?”
; makes his stomach churn. He clears his throat and tries to smile reassuringly. “Yes I gathered that, thank you.”
“Hm,” John hums. The offer is tempting. He is far too tired to consider booking a hotel, or even making the journey up the stairs to his old bedroom. But what will people think? What will
"I think I remember something from med school that the Cocaine stops the Dopamine from being recycled back into the brain cells.”
They kiss softly for a moment, but then, as Sherlock pulls teasingly on John’s lower lip, time starts to move rather quickly.
“Umm,” John tried to cover his tracks with a small laugh. “No, err, I mean, well, what with it being Paris and all."
Time restarts again as she rushes forwards and flings her arms around his neck, so tight he can’t breathe. He doesn’t stop her.
It's a mother and her critically ill daughter. Crying. Saying goodbye. Sherlock and John are nowhere to be seen.
“No, I’m being serious!” Molly exclaims, a real outburst this time. “Not for me, Sherlock, I know you overlook me, but for the people that love you. Like John, and Mycroft, and Rosie. Please take this seriously. I know it’s hard for you but please never do anything like this ever again. Please. It’s too scary, Sherlock. We can’t lose you. Not again.”
The man himself has never looked quite so dazzling. His curly black hair is dishevelled and shiny, flicking as he whips his head back and forth in time with the music. His white shirt is outrageously tight, with one more button than normal is undone at the top. And as for the rest of him, well, his sharp black suit fits him perfectly.
She’ll figure it out.” He mutters, trying to divert his eyes to another part of the room. To anything that isn't Sherlock's pale face and teary eyes staring up at him.
He exhales loudly through his nose and stares up at the ceiling. He’s wide awake now, and a sick feeling has settled in the pit his stomach. What if Sherlock isn’t fine? What if he’s lying in an alleyway, bleeding out from a gunshot wound. What if he’s had a row with Mycroft, or is thinking about Irene. What if he’s fallen victim to temptation….
And just like that, it’s like the bomb has finally exploded. The gun has been fired, right at Mary’s chest.
