Once more, desperately, he tried to reach out to his armor. Again, he felt it, still and assembled, in the same building, probably only rooms away, and yet it remained out of reach, impossible to summon to himself.
Now, with blueish one-way mirroring, he may as well have been staring into the face eyes of a statue.
But then again, Tony realized, Steve thought that he had a plan. He was looking for cues, for something to work off of. And Tony—
And then came the electric shock.
“Well,” Tony said, out-loud, falling back on familiar understatement to cope. “That’s not good.”
Somewhere, Tony could hear footsteps, more guards rushing into the hall. He expected these ones to be armed with the melting guns. He brute-forced his way into the system, then, and the cameras gave, showing him the crew of men.
His first shot seemed to bounce, richotting oddly off the gleaming metal, but he adjusted his fingers and tried again, shooting once more. This time, something inside gave a drawn-out, painful kind of creak and, when Tony applied pressure, the trap door opened.
He was dragging out time, he knew, both to give Steve a chance to breathe and because this couldn’t be over too quickly, but he knew they wouldn’t be satisfied with an electrical shock every few minutes. This needed to be bigger, flashier, more intense. This needed to be over.
When he opened his eyes, Tony wasn’t sure how much time passed. He was half conscious, a strange, near-overheated kind of brain tired. He knew, a bone deep kind of knowledge, that he’d done what he’d set out to do, and that came with its own sort of satisfaction. They’d kill him, he knew, if they found out it’d been him who interfered. Shortsighted as they were, Hydra would be happy to surrender their bargaining chip with SHIELD for revenge. And Steve—
To ordinary human eyes, the smaller clearing where the last known location of the tracker had brought him would have looked empty. Tony’s scanners, though, immediately brought him forward towards the little protruding hunk of metal, carefully obscured by mud. There was an underground bunker here.
Whoever these people were, they outnumbered him, and they were surrounding him. Tony hoped the darkness of the hallway, which he saw through easily with the aid of his helmet, would give him an advantage.
The armor had been pulled off him without being disassembled; he could feel the unusual lightness of his limbs, the emptiness of his bones.
He slid his hand down Tony’s body, dusting the salt off on his threadbare pants before it could do any damage, and—
Well. Steve was still held captive. The most likely outcome for him was death, a slower and more painful one than the one he’d just returned from. If not, well.
His footsteps echoed on the cement floor as he walked, slowly, back towards the trap door, Steve limp in his arms.
Jab into Steve’s knee, long, sustained.
Well, he told himself, he was still in a better position than he’d been only a few minutes ago. At the very least, he knew where his armor was, and he maintained some sort of connection to the outside world, as tenuous as it was.
The Skull’s consciousness, he realized, was held in the delicate balance between alive and dead, recreated in code, running a machine body.
“Check the cameras are on,” the woman said, and stepped over to check them herself. “Yeah, we’re good to go. Go on, Stark. Make him bleed.”
but something else came out. “Do what they’re telling you to do, Steve.”
Tony’s hands shook badly as he picked up the smallest of the scalpels on display, his eyes fixed on the metal shelving. The possibility of suicide crossed his mind. The possibility of murder, of keeping Steve out of Hydra’s hands, allowing him to be free, crossed his mind.
The shock had subsided. Steve’s wrists, already worn down by him yanking at the chain, were streaming fresh rivulets of blood, running down his arm and pooling on the wrinkled skin at his elbows. His chest rose and fell in fast, deep, don’t-panic breaths of a cornered, wounded animal. He was flushed, the pink dots on his cheeks inappropriately boyish.
“Keep pressure on it,” Tony hissed, helping him up, “stay behind me.”
Pain, sharp and despite everything surprising, bloomed in his ribs. Liquid, sticky and slow, followed behind it. And, last in the procession, came a realization: Steve had glanced up at him to warn him.
For what could have been minutes or years but was, objectively speaking, hours, he simply
Tony glanced sharply at him, startled. “What?”
They pushed closer and closer to him, more men with guns streaming out of the hall. His back hit the wall. Were it not for the low ceiling, the lack of space, he could have flown.
It leaned heavily against the door, keeping it shut, and Tony reached over to bolt it closed.
Steve, who has been a few paces behind Tony, stepped forward. His face was set, jaw rigid, and Tony instantly recognized his
the guard had said, and Tony doubted it.
“I know the layout of the place,” Tony said, “We need to get out into the hall and up to the left, out of a little— er, trap door, in the ceiling. I’m hacking into their systems right now — I want to be able to see through the cameras, to know what they’re doing and what we can expect. And I’m ninety-eight percent sure I saw some kind of gas dispersal system in the hall. If I could take out the guards that way…”
Tony thought, his eyes roaming again over Steve’s bound figure,
He could feel the humid air well, now, even through his faceplate. It was much colder below the swamp than it had been above it, and the air smelled stale, rotten, full of bacteria.
When the door opened, he realized he was wrong.
Short shock, in the armpit, Steve’s face screwed up, wounded, flinching away from Tony.
“What?” He said. It came out breathy, high-pitched and panicked. One of the guards nudged him  in the back with the muzzle of his gun.
The question left him shocked, slow to come up with a response. He hadn’t expected Steve to talk. Out of the two of them, he was the talker — and yet, he’d been struck mute by the events, and Steve seemed to be cracking quips as dryly as, by all rights, Tony should have been.
The golden undersheath slid smoothly over Tony’s skin. He could finally feel the pieces of the armor where they’d taken from him, stacked in the storage room above them.
And then he discarded both options.
This time, Tony’s yelp of pain was genuine. He groaned sharply, canting away from the touch as best he could, but Steve’s warm, calloused, cruel hand caught the side of his neck, keeping him still, and—
He tried to push himself back into the fray, to try to overhear any other communications, feel any other processes. His head ached. Nothing came, the collar combining with Tony’s pain, his exhaustion, to block any signal. He could no longer feel even the armor, though he knew where it was.
Bones snapped back into place on his knee. People were picking him up, dragging him with hands underneath the armpits.
Above him, the trap door shut automatically.
Despite it all, he knew he’d saved Steve from a worse fate, that he had, finally, done right by him. Even if they didn’t leave this situation, he knew Steve would choose death over what had been in store for him.
Steve held his gaze. “Yeah,” he said, “I did. I’ll try.”
For a few moments, leaning heavily against the door, he felt nothing but overwhelming relief. The pain had gone. He wasn’t dying, not now.
There was a short pause, both of them waiting for the other. And, again, at once:
Steve was silent. Tony could hear his precise, controlled breaths, like he was counting out the seconds between inhale and exhale. 1-2-3, inhale, 4-5-6, exhale.
And so the cuffs were undone.
“I’d like to see you watch him bleed out,” Sin suggested. “I would like to release the lovely footage I took. I would like you to be blamed for his death. It won’t be anything new, will it?”
Steve, hurt and held by the people who wished him nothing more than to hurt him again.
Kneeling on the ground by the trap door, Tony tried to get a read on his discovery. The heavy metal structure of the bunker blocked all the scanning tech he brought.
He had, once more, failed Steve.
He raised a hand, making it clear he was ready to shoot. Something about her posture, though, stopped him. She walked like a woman with a hidden weapon.
And so Tony walked, trying to orient himself, down the hallway. The muzzle of the first guard’s gun, pressed into the small of his back, was distracting, but he felt he was getting further away from his armor, closer to where the machine that had resurrected Steve had been.
The door gave way not long after. Steve knocked the blaster out of the hands of the first guard through, kicking his legs roughly out from under him. Tony shot at the two shoulder-to-shoulder behind them, Steve swinging, kicking, tripping.
He didn’t know how long the electricity had been on. With delicate, butterfly-light fingers, he reached up and probed at the ridges, feeling the place where they had bent.
Two little strangled off shouts, Steve’s lip bleeding at the second one.
And came up short.
He had to focus. He had to get out of here. He had to prevent this, whatever it was. Captain America’s apparent return, with someone else at the wheel… well, he didn’t need to be a genius to know it wouldn’t be good news. And for Steve’s sake, for dignity’s sake—
They didn’t ask him to walk this time around. One of the guards grabbed him under the arms and pulled him roughly upwards. Barely resisting, he stumbled with them into the hall, into a larger cell across from his. His foot bumped into a rack, and he saw the expected items — the car battery, the rack of torture implements, the familiar little picana. The same one, probably.
Steve  gestured expansively, and then winced, his hand returning to the gauze. “Everything.”
“Yes,” he said, sharp, brisk. “I was supposed to have backup, but I’m assuming my signals were intercepted or jammed.”
Steve’s eyes lingered a moment too long on the collar, but, thankfully, he had the good sense not to react immediately.
For a moment, he couldn’t breathe. He screamed, convulsing, his nails digging cruelly into the flesh of his hands, kicked out wildly, his feet hitting something, yelled again, words this time,
Tony told himself.
“I can’t,” Steve said.
“Are you just using—“
He filed off a response message (
Still pale, wide-eyed, Steve turned away from him, stepped back towards the rack — just out of the way, where Tony wanted him.
His hands were forced into hanging handcuffs, feet kicked out from under him until he was kneeling. Numb, he didn’t resist.
Despite everything, Tony hadn’t expected him to scream. He felt the sound deep in his gut, an almost-embarrassed guilt flaring dramatically up, a pervading sense of
“You’re not going to stay,” Tony said.
“I’m sorry,” Tony said, again, still unable to get a hold of himself, still crying, “I’m sorry, it was never supposed to— I never wanted it to— Cap, I never meant—“
Tony breathed in so sharply he choked on air. He glanced up, frantic, and saw Steve staring back at him. He was pale and clammy, his blue eyes still a little glassy. Clots of blood still clung  to the uniform. But, Tony realized, his relief so overwhelming it almost made him feel panicky, he was alive.
The feeling of unreality increased, and Tony was almost tempted to pinch himself.
The guard lowered the gun, still keeping it out and at the ready. Tony had to crane his head to see what Steve was doing, what he was looking at.
Another similar signal joined it, a silent alarm.
Jesus Christ. If it was going to be like this.
“Don’t worry,” the woman said darkly, “your turn will come.”
When he was ten or eleven, Tony had watched, almost obsessively, a Coronet video one of his boarding school teachers had happened to have recorded. It was an old video, from somewhere in the fifties, the black and white footage grainy, and it was called “Shy Guy.” In it, a boy — sensitive, insecure, touchy, the way Tony had been — was instructed by his father — patient, kind, understanding, the way Tony’s father only very rarely was — to look at his school and the world around him as a machine, at each person as an individual cog. Tony, who’d been comforted by this view of the world, had learned over time to complicate it. Eventually, he’d reached the point of imagining each human person as their own individual machine, imagined himself as a fine-tuned piece of technology, thought of maintenance, and fuel, of running with a gas tank most of the way empty.
Tony stared at him, confused and a little concerned. He knew Steve was a churchgoer, but the spiritualism seemed out of character. “Like… the universe or the world or something?”
“Urgh,” he said, eloquently, rubbing at his jaw with a hand. Two guards, clad head to toe in black uniforms, were standing framed by pale light in the doorway. Automatically, Tony catalogued their blasters, their stances.
For a long moment, they held each other’s eyes. Steve was breathing heavily, pale and winded, his uniform blood splattered. Tony was sure he couldn’t look much better. No one spoke. Then, they spoke at once.
He glanced up, meeting Tony’s eyes. Tony wished, desperately, for his helmet, for anything, for an executioner’s hood, even.
He hadn’t. He was scared, he supposed, of what he’d find, picturing skeletal hands coming out from underneath the waves, picturing decomposition, or, perhaps just Steve, somehow whole and unharmed and breathing and cold and angry.
Steve moved forward, his fingers skimming over the hilt of a flat, dark tool Tony couldn’t quite identify, and then over to the scalpel that Tony had picked up the day before.
the guard had said. This, Tony knew, would probably be their only chance.
“This is gonna hurt,” Tony said, trying to sound threatening, and thrust the prod out for Steve to see
Were they trying to draw forth a version of Steve from before his death? Had they meant to place something — someone? — into the body of Steve from years past, Steve in the ice, Steve at twenty-five, Steve with his blue eyes wide and pretty and naive, still, Steve from the glory days of the team, who still smiled like he’d just bought his dimples and wanted to show them off, Steve from just a few years ago, a little worn down, a little more skeptical, but a Steve who still believed in them, believed in Tony, Steve who—
He couldn’t reach out. He felt it as Steve swung back into the wall, couldn’t reach out with his hand and stop his head hitting against the brick, couldn’t reach over and soothe the shaking, convulsing muscles of his arms.
The chains were tight enough that cuffs creaked as the sheet of golden metal slid under them. Aided, now, by the strength of the undersheath, Tony yanked forward, once, twice.
He heard the same familiar overlapping streams, all words at the same volume, harder to string together by the minute. He tried to keep track of them, to push forward, to find something.
Tony closed his eyes and listened.
The flow of blood was ebbing. Holding the gauze in place with one hand, Tony reached for Steve’s limp wrist with his other, half collapsing into the fallen man, his forehead pressed against Steve’s open palm.
Had Steve been trying to say something to him?
He didn’t know who initiated the kiss. He didn’t know who broke it.
It didn’t feel good.
“I need us to not be that,” he said, “we can’t be that.”
Tony hadn’t been enough. Not in arranging the service, not in remembering the half-anniversary of the death, not in protecting the Steve that had been dragged back into life. How stupid could he have been to feel accomplished, to feel like he’d done anything at all right?
Steve gestured, pointing up at his right upper arm. “Just grazed. Nothing else is my blood.”
“I’m terrified,” Steve rumbled, sounding both sarcastic and tired, upset. Slightly emboldened, Tony bent down and jutted the prod out roughly at his thigh, activating the electricity with a button.
“When I was…” he started, but didn’t seem to find the words, “… when I was dead. Gone. Whatever I was. I saw—“
“— it’s just a dream,” Steve said, looming out of the half darkness. The first rays of sunrise, red gold, hit his blond hair from behind, giving him a faint, halo-like glow. “I’m okay.”
Steve could take it with the serum, probably, but Tony could already feel himself reaching for the cattle prod. The nasty little device was predictable, mechanical. If nothing else, he could know exactly what he was doing, exactly the consequences to expect.
He glanced down and made another cut on Tony’s hipbone, smaller and shallower than the first. And then, even smaller, shier, onto the skin of his upper shoulder, not even nearing the muscle.
“Well,” he said to Steve, who was frozen and watching him, when Tony  screamed, “don’t stop on my account.”
Not good. Crazy not good.
Again, Steve sought out eye contact, his expression tinged with something set, something desperate.
It was Hill.
Their bullets had been ricocheting, hitting each other. Tony wasn’t surprised. He nodded, accepting the answer.
“Oh, yeah,” Steve said, turning to face him. Their eyes met. For a moment, the whip dangled, limp and forgotten in his hands.
Immediately, light flooded the hall.
His fingers didn’t shake when he flicked the power down one notch, to the second-highest intensity. Steve stared at him, expressionless.
“It wasn’t worth it,” he said, repeating the mantra he’d said in the crypt. “It was never worth it.”
Tony imagined saying, and felt sick.
Would Tony prefer to die over this?
“Cap,” Tony said, kneeling down by him, his hands going immediately for the bullet wound, “let me see.”
Stream two: Captain America. For the first time, looking through the files, Tony felt genuine dread, genuine shock, genuine horror curdling in the pit of his stomach. Someone on the Hydra base had been putting together a folder, full of audio recordings and video tapes of Cap, notes on his mannerisms, his way of speaking, his posture. It had been sent recently from one device to another, to which a response had come:
For a while, his brain seemed full of guilt and noise, numbed and deadened by the events that had taken place. Then came the overwhelming urge to plan, to calculate, to
“There are explosives by the exit,” she said, “wired to me by a dead man’s switch. If you shoot me, you’ll collapse the whole tunnel. You’ll trap yourself.”
Some treacherous, long forgotten part of his brain, the one that still imagined he worked on a team, suggested that Steve and Thor were going to have a hard time following him. Stung, Tony pushed the thought away.
The first aid kit was stored, as always, just below the control panel. He pulled it out, sanitized his hands, hastily unwrapped half a roll of gauze, and shoved it into the bullet wound.
He took a deep breath, set his hands down flat on the floor around him as though to steady himself, and closed his eyes, listening.
Tony’s mind had grown quiet. Extremis gave him almost nothing. Gone were the signals from base, the background chattering of military and public radios, the usual flow and ebb of the world. This place, whatever it was, had been designed to block normal signals.
And Tony didn’t know if he’d gotten it or not, but it was out of his hands now.
“Wh—“ he started, blinking up at Tony.
“Extremis, yes.”
Perhaps they were about to show him Steve’s body. Perhaps they were about to torture Steve in front of him. Perhaps they’d use him, somehow, to hurt Steve, though he doubted that would do much good. Steve, he remembered well, had died hating him.
And so, half as reward and half because his stupid, sluggish brain, overwhelmed by what had just occurred, left him no other choice, he allowed himself to drift into an uneasy, dreamless sleep.
Don’t get carried away. What the hell, Tony, calm down, you’ll only hallucinate him again.
Okay. Keep going. Don’t stop too long. Can’t stop too long.
“Salt,” the guard repeated. “Add salt.”
Just like last time, he had failed Steve. He had failed to notice the issue — had failed to realize Steve was within reach this whole time, somehow retrievable from the dead. He had failed to stop Steve being shot twice, now. He had failed to find the gas dispensers in time.
He heard Steve arrive before he saw him, because Steve
Computer systems buzzed all around him, words and numbers just audible enough to distinguish, but too quiet to focus on, all the same volume and bleeding into each other. Acclimating himself to it, he opened his mind and tried to hear everything at once, focusing on no one stream in particular.
Tony stared at him, wide-eyed, and then, hardly knowing what he was doing, he surged up, pulling Steve into a clingy, awkward embrace, one hand digging into Steve’s bicep, the other wrapped around his waist.
The gas, Tony remembered. He’d lost consciousness because of the gas.
The hairs on the back of Tony’s neck stood up.
Steve cut again, another shallow cut on his ribs, just underneath the first. This time, the force of it — the scalpel, Tony realized, was dull— pulled hard at Tony’s skin, reopening the cut above it, and he inhaled sharply, crowding back against the wall to avoid the top layer of stinging pain and the dull one underneath.
He had pulled Steve’s body out of the casket meant for the public funeral and into one of his own creation. Steve had been strangely light in his arms, strangely small, and ridiculously, impossibly dead.
For the first time in more than a year, they were alone together and on the same side of a fight.
I should stay awake, Tony thought distantly, when they were suddenly under the covers, Steve’s heavy arm tossed casually over Tony’s waist, I should remember every moment.
No guards remained standing. A few were on the ground, almost certainly dead. Most were on the ground, injured or unconscious. The rest were on the ground, disarmed, watching them, but not daring, not willing, to try their chances again.
“Ah,” he said, “don’t worry your head with that one. Too many wires for you.”
If this was successful, the loss of dignity would be well worth it.
Steve’s hands did not shake. That wasn’t surprising; the serum, generally, left Steve a steadier man than Tony. His face, still, was set, but his eyes darted wildly around the room, landing, on Tony’s face, as though he expected an out before this would begin.
He was somewhere dark, and his eyes struggled to adjust without the helmet’s visors; he could tell the room was small but made out no details, nothing but the general shape of the walls. His shoulder, thigh, and knee ached, though nowhere nearly as badly as they had. Distantly, he could hear machines buzz.
Tony stared at her, calculating. This time, when he raised his hands, it was in an appeasing sort of gesture. “Alright, let’s— let’s talk about how we can get that done, yeah?”
In the armor, the top of his head brushed against the ceiling, almost un-maneuverable in the narrow tunnel.
“He wants him walking,” she reminded him, and turned back to Tony, gesturing with her semi automatic, “you— walk.”
Slowly, already telling himself that he had no other choice, already feeling he’d made the wrong choice, he took a step forward.
Steve, he realized, had taken off the collar.
Steve was close enough, now, that Tony could have leaned forward and touched him even with the chains binding him to the wall. The temptation to whisper now and  convey a message was overwhelming.
Hot tears stung his eyes. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d cried.
“Yes,” Tony barked, sharp, “fine. I’m saying the gas is our best bet, if there is any. Still, though, be prepared for them to burst in.”
With a grimace and  little huff of pain, Steve sat up slowly on his elbows.
Pause, breathe a moment, stop.
And Steve was shaking convulsing, drop the prod, is it a seizure, what is it,
It was a reasonable question. He’d asked once before. Tony could close his eyes and picture it vividly, Steve over him, shield raised, his own voice, begging —
, it told Tony, its silence indicating that it may have been designed to ambush intruders, no loud noises or flashing lights, breach breach breach.
A beeping from the radio on the control panel interrupted them. Shakily, Tony let go of his hand and stood, reading the signal.
How stupid had this been of him? How arrogant? What had he expected, walking into unknown territory, stripping out of his suit, taking no backup? Wasn’t this what he deserved?
Had it been a day? Was that how they’d done it, one of these ghastly scenes a day? Or had they only waited for Cap to come to?
“You’re not going to turn me in,” Steve said, as Tony sat down in the pilot’s seat.
He couldn’t even think about it. Steve, headstrong, determined, his own man to the end, being puppeted around like that. It didn’t bear thinking about.
The six month anniversary of Captain America’s death came and went without Tony noticing the date. He’d never been good at keeping track of dates, but he’d registered every single one before that — one week that Steve had been gone. One month. Three months.
That wasn’t new to him. Tony used the camera on the front of the suit to take a couple pictures of the spot, for use later in his report, and brushed the dirt off the protruding trap door, mud doing its best to seep into the joints of the suit. It was locked, of course, with some kind of rotating mechanism, numbers inscribed into the heavy metal.
In his twenties, he’d learned he did his best work on the precipice of running out of gas. There was a moment, always, where he felt helpless, where he’d think things like,
He wasn’t sure Steve heard.
“That’s that little thing you used, isn’t it?” Steve asked, turning to face Tony.
He turned to face Steve. For the first time in six months, they were alone together.
Steve settled back, shifted his weight, and turned to look at the guards. His face was set with a grim, angry sort of determination which was not entirely unfamiliar to Tony — he’d spent months staring into Steve’s angry, grim face— but there was a coldness to the steel, a rigidity that scared him.
“I know,” Steve said, softly. It was only days ago for him, Tony remembered. The last conversation they’d had, before Steve’s death, he’d been shouting insults, locked in a prison cell on the helicarrier. Steve had asked—
Steve’s eyes stayed on his face. Tony imagined leaning forward, making use of the little slack in the chains, to press his tired body against Steve’s warm, solid flank.
Steve held the scalpel like a pencil, his hand so low on the hilt that his fingers almost brushed against the blade. He glanced up again at Tony, meeting his eyes, and Tony couldn’t help the little bubble of frustration bubbling up in the pit of his stomach.
The jet was not far away. He flew, gliding slowly over the swamp, the tangled roots, and dispersed the cloaking with a thought.
She held up something small in her hand, a little black remote.
“Look, he’s already found them,” the male guard, said, sounding amused, “he’s fucking itching to have a go at the guy.”
And then he left his body completely and tumbled head first into action.
He was in another machine entirely.
Another scream, breathier, higher in the throat, easier on the vocal cords, and was he faking, or— was there—
Steve glanced back to Tony, and then back to the supplies. Tony followed his gaze to the little round paper cylinder. He hadn’t noticed the logo before, Morton’s little umbrella girl spilling her salt into a puddle.
“Shit,” he muttered, letting the back of his head
No sooner had Tony had the thought that he was feeling the machine, understanding its clever little trappings. It was Doomtech at its most Doomtech — messy, disorienting, counterintuitive to anyone like Tony, anyone whose mind naturally desired order, efficiency, and, underneath it all, genius. The machine had only just been activated, and Tony’s thoughts swirled with its strange, cyclical pull.
Never before had Tony felt so alone, and though it wasn’t just Steve’s death that had left him here — for the first time in years, he didn’t have his team, barely had time for social interaction of any kind — it was easy to blame on the war, on Steve’s death.
“No, no,” Steve said, “my life. I came unstuck in time, I think. I kept jumping back and forth. My childhood. The army. The ice. But most of it — I can’t say why — most of it I spent with the Avengers. I saw every battle we fought. The mansion, still standing. Our fallen friends, still with us.”
Steve made a faint, stifled noise of protest.
They burst.
“How would you feel knowing that you’d had the chance to fix it all and squandered it? How would you feel knowing you killed Cap, again?”
In the nanosecond that followed, he could hear the whispers of machinery near him, Extremis blanketing his mind, opening channels once closed.
After a moment’s careful consideration, Steve stepped even closer. The hand that landed on Tony’s bare ribs was warm and calloused, only the coldness of steel between his fingers disrupting the impression. Tony leaned his head back against the wall, imagining that the heartbeat rushing in his ears was Steve’s.
During a prison break of several important captured terrorists, a broken Hydra machine of unknown purpose, extracted from the field by Agent Sharon Carter about a month previously, has been stolen from SHIELD storage, along with blood samples from several agents. No one knew exactly why these things had been taken, or by whom. A tracker installed on the confiscated tech had worked until several hours ago.
, Tony told himself,
It didn’t sit right with Tony, but by the time they were landing on the roof of his tower, Steve’s color returned to him. He looked steadier, calmer. Tony insisted on helping him out of the jet, on sitting him down on one of the clean chairs in his penthouse and fishing the bullet out with clean tweezers. The bleeding had stopped completely by then.
He was exhausted. There was nothing he could do, Tony thought desperately, wildly, he had to stop here, leave things here, but—
Who the fuck knew, maybe he did.
When he turned he saw that Steve was on the ground, wrestling the gun away from one of the guards, and that another was standing over them, carefully taking aim. He’d fired once already, Tony realized; bright, candy-red blood bloomed over the white stripes on Steve’s stomach.
Finally, the suit barreled into the room. It looked much worse for wear after the damage it had taken but fully functional. Tony could control it through the undersheath without wearing it, and that was the easiest, fastest way to pilot. The suit  grabbed one of the guards by the scruff of his neck, tossing him bodily into the hall with a sick crunch, fired at the woman shooting at Steve. It knocked  her down and shoved a guard out into the hall to follow his mate.
He made the mistake of looking at Steve’s face. Up until now, Steve had been silent, his blue eyes hard, calculating, but something seemed to soften — to break? — in his expression when they made eye contact. Tony couldn’t tell what he knew. Tony couldn’t tell what he was thinking.
He couldn’t discount the other three, the ones which had mentioned SHIELD, Doom, and Captain America, he could not discount. He took a deep breath, knowing the risk of sinking too far under, of zoning out too long, and sank, slowly, back down.
“Are we done?” The male guard asked calmly, somewhere far, far away.
When it stopped, he wasn’t sure how long it had gone on for.
He wasn’t sure how long he was under after that, wasn’t sure if the people around him had gone quiet or if he stopped hearing them. When he woke, it was because soft, gentle hands were fastening something around his neck. He blinked, glanced down, and found that the hand had bright red nails and smelled of strawberry hand lotion.
He was only bleeding from a few spots — the first a shallow wound on his leg, most likely inflicted in a tussle with one of the guards, the result of a blaster shot, and then a long, shallow cut over his forehead.  Then there were his wrists, rubbed raw from pulling on the chains, whole strips of skin peeling off with the uniform.
And he wanted to punch something.
Steve glanced down, bent his knees to come closer, alarmed. Tony glanced up and momentarily met his eye.
Tony splayed out his fingers, his palms flat against the cold cell floor, as though he could physically steady himself against the oncoming waves of emotion.
He could adjust the settings of the thing, and, automatically, he almost set it to the lowest setting. Then, a realization settled on him, and he slid the dial back around.
Into the thigh again, short, and then, don’t look at Steve, into the thigh, longer, and—
He cloaked the jet, cut nonessential lines of communication, and followed the call of the tracker. The ground under his feet was treacherous, swampy mug and tangled, uneven tree root, and he found it easier to take to the air and soar several feet over the ground, counting on the trees to mask his arrival.
It was times like this that he wished that he, like the Skull, had found a way to be entirely machine.
There was no way to do this gracefully. Tony hunched over and reared back, turning on his heel to try to ram the top of the collar into the corner, catching himself on the wall with open palms. The little ridges stuck, so, in desperation, he swung himself at the wall again and again, hoping to use his weight and the sharp edge to finally bend one, snap one off.
It wasn’t enough. The cacophony of rays, though imprecise, was impossible to avoid. Molten metal dripped down his leg, on the inside of the armor, now, the hole gaping in his thigh. Tony gasped, recoiled, stumbled, trying in vain to escape the burn.
Feeling like a liar, he gave Steve a tiny little nod.
Pressure, now. Stop the bleeding.
and then, always, he’d find a way to get it done, to get out, to live.
Somewhere in the distance, he heard a rustle, and then loud noise, several sets of heavy footsteps echoing on the cavernous metal walls. At first, he couldn’t tell which direction the noise had come from, and then he realized it was coming from both sides.
“I’ll be fine,” Steve said. He’d pulled out a bottle of bright blue Powerade from the first aid kit, and he waved it at Tony, the brightly colored liquid sloshing out over the lip. “I’m hydrating.”
Tony could give him nothing of the sort.
All he knew was that Steve’s chapped, cool lips were on his, his mouth tasting of blood and dust, and then they weren’t.
Steve was asking him.
To his surprise, Steve sat up with a grunt of pain and reached over to set a hand lightly, on Tony’s elbow.
“God,” he muttered, low, almost slurring his words, “what the hell are we doing?”
It retreated.
The next set of guards were armed with only semi-automatics. Tony took out the first one with a blast to the shoulder, feeling a sick, swooping feeling of relief. The camera feed told him there weren’t more incoming, and if they could take down—
“No, go ahead, just your what?”
When he woke up for the second time, Steve was already dressed. Tony’s workout clothes looked a little tight on him. The hood of a grey sweatshirt was pulled over his head.
But Steve, Tony remembered, had never been a fan of fireworks, his ears too accustomed to the artillery fire of the war which had given rise to Captain America. Steve had never liked the cold. Steve had never liked the ocean.
“Stay out of the way!” Tony shouted at him, sprinting to try to get himself between the guards and Steve. They weren’t armed to take down Iron Man, now. In the undersheath, Tony was mostly shielded from the gunfire.  If they could wait for the Iron Man suit to arrive (forty-eight seconds, Tony counted, for it to assemble itself and make its way through the corridors), he could take out the guards with their semi-automatics in seconds. If Steve just stayed
Deliberately blocking the guards’ view with his shoulders, Tony crossed his fingers over the handle of the picana. He glanced down and felt Steve’s eyes follow his own.
“How long has it been?” asked Steve.
Steve moved slowly, deliberately, signaling his movements as he picked up the salt and tipped a liberal amount onto the palm of his hand. In the same manner, he made his way back to Tony and faced him, his back to the guards.
He thought he heard something tear. A second jolt of pain from his shoulder hit him at the same time as a sharper, more intense one from his neck.
To his surprise, the blood was warm, sticky. Steve didn’t reach to the push at all, his head lolling back against the table with a faint little thud.
he told Extremis,
Sin stared at him, and then, suddenly, she smiled, the corners of her mouth quirking up sardonically.
He remembered the little nod, the way Steve’s eyes had followed him, the breathy, high pitched scream, and felt unsettled to his very bones. He’d seen something he wasn’t meant to have seen.
“Better not,” Tony said quietly, addressing both the banter and the whip. “Keep moving, Cap.”
“Do you want that?” Steve asked, raggedly, and that seemed like a strange question to Tony. Of course they wanted it. They wanted to see them suffer, to hurt them for the trouble they’d caused, the plans they’d foiled, to have footage— for whatever reason — of the pain, the torture. They wanted them dead. They didn’t care—
Slowly, feeling the eyes of everyone in the room on him, he hooked it up to the car battery in the corner. His hands shook badly enough that it took him several tries to get the wire in place. When he turned back, he could see uncertainty, confusion, written into the line of Steve’s eyebrows.
He opened his eyes, blinking, already feeling better, stronger, fresher than before. It wouldn’t be long until the cuts were closing, and he needed to be out of the chains by then.
He’s hurt. He doesn’t want this. He hates you. You’re ugly and awful and you’re crying. You look pathetic. He thinks you’re pathetic.
Steve’s eyes followed him. He was awake, alert. His expression was mask-like, so neutral Tony could see nothing at all behind his pale blue eyes.
“— might just bleed out on his own —“
Steve’s eyes widened a little bit, his hand coming up automatically to rest on his own throat. Images of the body — Steve was almost as pale now as then, almost as blood-spattered, as ghostly— flooded unwillingly into Tony’s mind.
“Don’t break him,” the female guard said sharply, yanking Tony back by the elbows, and Tony couldn’t look up, couldn’t see what he’d done, couldn’t breathe, his eyes squeezed shut, hands over his face, Jesus fucking Christ.
Steve, alive.
I won’t forget this time, I— where your mother’s buried, close to where the the mansion stood, somewhere…”
He was still lacking in blood, dangerously close to the point of no return.
“Get up,” said the first guard. As bulky as the uniforms were, with the helmet covering her face, Tony hadn’t realized she’d been a woman until she’d spoken. Good for Hydra, he supposed, equal opportunity fascism and all.
“I’m going to tell you what I’m doing,” Tony said, trying to find footing.
Well. They were, at the very least, predictable.
Steve stapled his fingers together awkwardly, shifting from foot to foot. It was a small room. He didn’t seem to find anything to occupy his attention with. “I’ll be quiet. Let you focus.”
Stop faltering, he told himself, be predictable. Give him something to expect and he’ll be able to roll with it. He’d been through worse. He had to have been through worse.
“What now?” Steve repeated.
He pushed up, away from the table, away from Steve, folding his arms around himself, and stared at the floor, trying to calm down.
There were twenty of them, eight on one side and twelve on the other, armored heavily in dark green kevlar, wielding unfamiliar-looking guns and long, reflective riot shields.
One of the guards cried out in alarm, raising her semi automatic.
But no. Steve didn’t.
He pulled his knees up, pressed them against his chin, and waited.
He thought of leaving flowers at the memorial, by the statue, but the thought felt as empty as he knew the coffin underneath to be. He could have gone to the real burial site in the Arctic ocean, could have sat on the ice by the water and imagined Steve, frozen and unharmed, underneath the waves.
. At the very least, it hadn’t been moved from here.
Extremis, he realized, wasn’t responding to him.
Please be able to do this, Steve. Please be alright after this, Steve, because if you’re not—
For a moment, Steve stood there, almost seeming to sway a little in his indecision, but a glance at the muzzle of the gun still pressed to Tony’s temple seemed to convince him to stay true to his word.  Slowly, he stepped over to the rack of torture equipment, looking it over. His lips thinned.
Steve had the last guard down on the ground, and Tony directed the suit to grab him and the one he’d just shot to the floor, sending both of them out of the room as well.
In his shoes, Tony thought Steve might refuse. At his heart, Steve had always been a deontologist, unwilling to bow down to the tyrannical rule of the greater good, to pick up the knife.
Stop.
Last resort, he decided, and felt up to the antennas. They were rigid and solid, unyielding under his hands even with how thin they were. He pushed and whacked at them randomly, trying to bend or snap anything, and found them immovable, solid.
“You killed my dad,” she said, “I want you to suffer.”
) and powered up the suit, feeling a familiar comfort settle over him along with the metal. It was always easier to be Iron Man, tracking down those deserving of justice, than it was to be Tony Stark, alone and brooding over details over a memorial service no one could possibly enjoy.
His expression set, Steve stayed silent. Tony knew there wasn’t, really, anything he could say, but he found himself wishing desperately for another cue, for anything at all.
Instead, he set the picana to the lowest setting. He didn’t know how much more tolerable it would be, whether Steve would remember to fake it, didn’t know if there would be a noticeable difference at all. Still, it was his best shot.
It was quite silly, he thought, to leave such a machine with a self-destruct button. Why did villains always go for it?
He was vaguely aware that he’d crumpled against the wall, that there were hands on him. Someone yanked his helmet off in one clean, jagged gesture, someone was saying, “the man himself.,” Ssomeone pressed fingers under his chin, checking for pulse, and Tony—
No, better not. He couldn’t do this to Steve, couldn’t put him in this position. They were getting out.
If he got in, he was going in blind.
“If you act out,” the guard said, patiently, “we shoot him, not you.”
And then, following an objective he’d consciously forgotten, his awareness sharpened, adapted, and he was zero’ing in on a specific trail, a specific device, a specific connection, tenuous and strange, half magic half technology, to something distant, something that didn’t quite inhabit the same plane of reality everything else.
“In or we shoot,” the guard said.
Untethered in time. What the hell did that mean?
He wasn’t sure if he came or if he was coming apart, falling into Steve with a strangled little moan, clutching at him. Steve pulled him close into his warm, solid chest and held him there, and Tony thought he mumbled something stupid, something along the lines of
“Nothing burst. I’ll be good as new in a couple weeks,” Steve told him, confident and easy, “the serum will take care of it.”
“By all means, talk. I’m wired, these days, to multitask.” Halfway into the system, not yet able to access the cameras, he could turn off the alarm, and did so.
Tony was seated, now, at the grand desk of the Director, surrounded by state of the art technology, by men ready to spring into action at a single word, his suit ready to materialize around him at a stray thought, faster, stronger, smarter than he’d ever been before, and he longed for the days when a closely constructed heavy chestplate had been the only thing keeping him breathing.
The guard shrugged. “Just this,” he said, “go on, then.”
The Red Skull was there, and Tony could feel him, lines of computer code in an artificial, robotic body. He’d been killed, Tony knew, by Sharon, but he supposed this wouldn’t be his first resurrection. He’d lost so much along the way, stubbornly clinging onto life anyways, and Tony had to wonder if it was worth it, how desperate the man must be for the fresh start with Steve’s skin.
“Add salt,” another demanded.
For a few moments, he sat, letting his heart slow, shivering slightly in the chilly air — the sweat-soaked pants let him colder, perhaps, than being naked — and let himself wallow in self-loathing, self-pity.
He was pale, clammy. Tony couldn’t tell if he was breathing. He remembered peeling off his gauntlets in the crypt, remembered the stains on the white stripes of the uniform, bright candy red in the center, rusting and drying on the edges. No time had passed, but he was sure, somehow, that if he took his gauntlets off now, Steve would be just as cold to the touch as he had been in the crypt.
Someone had pulled baggy orange cargo pants over his legs. His dignity, at least, was in fact.
He had it on the highest setting. He’d meant to start high and work down low, hoping that, given a cue, Steve would catch on, understand the ruse, realize he was supposed to be pretending to be more affected than he was, and then he could keep it on low for a while, for all of it, but—
Steve screamed.
How long had Steve been awake, alive? How long did they intend to keep him so? Were they looking for work arounds, trying to find a way to put the Skull into his body anyways?
“Bottleneck ‘em.” Steve’s voice, now, sounded entirely Captain America — calm, level, in control, yet audible over the clatter outside, commanding. “Small doorway.”
Steve stepped forward, his eyes roaming over Tony’s chained form. Tony could tell that he was thinking — he, too, was running through the places where the most superficial wounds could be made without real damage.
“We need to get—“
He felt the explosion, delicate machinery spiralling out into nothing, falling away, and some part of him expected it would, somehow, travel back through the connection and take him out, too. But the connection crumbled, pushing him, slowly, back to his own body, to the quiet that came without the hum of Extremis.
The position his hands were chained in made it hard to gesture, but he made a valiant attempt, folding his fingers together in a rough sort of
The first blast from one of the blasters pierced through the door. “I can’t get to it,” Tony snapped, feeling the structure of the door give under his fingers, “They’re coming in.”
Steve held his eyes for a moment, assessing, swaying on his feet as though ready to try to make a break for it anyhow. Tony must have sounded like he had a plan.
They were barely out of the little torture chamber when Tony registered another little blip on the cameras, a single person walking towards them.
They had to be getting out.
avoided the bullets, he could—
But what to make of it? Had Steve come back, somehow, wrong, tainted by the Red Skull, tainted by the war? Was the anger, the hatred, new, or had he simply stopped bothering to try and hide it?
Tony thought, and a second later pain, sharp and overwhelming, bloomed on the inside of his thigh. It seemed instant, how quickly his skin was coated with warm, heavy blood.
The room plunged into sudden silence.
His eyes, blue and wild, immediately found Tony’s. Dully, Tony saw Steve’s dread mixed with defiance, anger. Oddly, something about the combination made him look younger.
Mutely, Tony shook his head.
either way.
Steve, looking at him with unreadable blue eyes.
Stream three: Doom. Here, Tony found files, transferred recently between computers, depicting the very same technology recently stolen from SHIELD. He felt a bit vindicated to learn it was Doomtech; if he had been so puzzled by regular Hydra fodder, he’d probably be a little offended.
Steve’s expression of concern was harder to to deal with than anything else. He didn’t seem to know how to proceed. “Those look— are you—“
At the same time, something else retreated, too, but he couldn’t quite get what it was.
“Just my—“
Someone — a man— cried out in pain as he was knocked down, and another someone fired first at Tony’s abdomen — no damage, Extermis informed him — and then at Steve’s feet — ducked — Steve’s chest — ducked, but, no, blood— Tony had to shield his face, Steve was forcing one of the guards down onto the ground, someone grunted in pain, alarms on, Tony grabbed for a gun, trying to redirect, blood sprayed, someone was hit—
He paused, breathing in deeply.
Here he was, with access to tools, weapons, access to an ally. The battle wasn’t lost, not yet.
“It’s only up from here,” Tony said, willing Steve to see his lie, to play along. He’d dropped the threatening voice — now, he came out sounding like he did on TV, talking about the company, PR-Tony.
Steve picked up the heavy metal shelving again. Tony held the door shut, trying to find how the gas dispensers he’d seen operated. The system was tricky; it wasn’t his inability to break into it as much as his inability to find any piece of code that connected to it. Was it entirely manual, operated by levels and buttons and canisters?
he thought, desperately,
Well. To say Tony passed out would be inaccurate. Finding himself unable to resist, he retreated back into himself, into the artificial cavern created in his mind by Extremis. He focused, now, on nothing but survival.
Steve’s free hand landed, lightly, on his waist. Tony couldn’t tell if it was to keep him still or to comfort him.
“— to kill him?” Someone was asking in faintly accented English. Tony watched, in his mind’s eye, Extremis rebuilding the walls of the severed blood vessel, stopping the gushing blood flow, assessing the damage inflicted by the burns.
Steve pushed himself up on his elbows with a wet sort of squelch, clotted blood spilling liberally out of the wound as he bent at the waist.
Steve held his eyes for a moment, and then leaned in, pressing his lips to Tony’s. “We weren’t,” he said, when he pulled away again, “we won’t be.”
“What?” Steve asked sharply, turning to them.
It was almost familiar, the way it came on:
He didn’t need to wait long.
“You’re covered in dirt,” Tony said, bandaging the wound. “You’re covered in blood.”
Tony, on the left, pointed his hands outwards towards the door, while Steve took the right, the metal shelving raised.
As the sun rose, they kissed, the brush of their lips gentle but charged, desperate. Tony trailed his hands down Steve’s abs, back towards his ribs, over the backs of his thighs, following the few lines of unbroken, unbruised skin on his body. Steve took him by the waist and pulled close, tangling their legs together, his muscular thigh pressed tight against Tony’s groin. Suddenly there was nothing but feeling, tight and hot, each part of his body lighting up where Steve touched him, where he touched Steve — his legs, his sides, the palms of his hands, his cock, which Steve was now stroking with a deft, firm grip…
Steve’s face reflected his own pain and confusion back at him.
resisting.
“Jesus,” he muttered, pressing his hands against his eyes, and tried to catalogue everything that he’d heard. It wasn’t a task that the normal human brain would be up for, but Extremis left him with no imperfections. His brain, finally, could keep track of everything he’d always wanted to hold inside it.
Unlike Sin, Steve was still conscious.
of something undeterminable, closer to base, biological feeling than emotion.
Steve glanced over at him, and Tony gave a tiny little nod.
A chime from his computer interrupted his melancholy thoughts. He didn’t have to move to see the message, didn’t have to turn the screen on; a little pull from Extremis and he was reading it, the message hanging across his field of vision.
Tony fed her a greatly modified version of events — he’d gone, he said, been captured, and fought his way out. He was wounded. He expected back-up here, busting the terror cell, within the hour.  They’d find he’d done much of the work for them, but he was going home.
The flood of men, some of whom had quickly figured out the situation and started trying to shoot into the room without advancing — sometimes hitting their own — closed on them so fast Tony stopped trying to keep track of the individual fates of their assailants and focused on the flow of shooting, kicking, punching, hitting.
Still, he stepped forward, close enough that his shoe brushed against Steve’s knee, and Steve looked up at him, his head still thrown back, mouth a little
This time, when Steve bent down to kiss him, it was deliberate, careful. His jaw was smooth. He smelled of mouthwash and Tony’s shaving cream.
He wasn’t going to try that again, if only because he didn’t know if he could survive another shock.
Nothing had happened yet. Most likely, they intended for one of them to watch. Tony had been preparing himself for this, had expected this.
“She knows what you did,” the guard told him, “she’s got plans.”
His newfound awareness, newfound knowledge, clued him in: Steve. Somehow, despite it all — despite the way the blood had gushed, red and wild, sputtering with each heartbeat like a broken hose, pump, the flow ebbing with the pressure, out of the wound just under his neck, despite the stiffness of his jaw, his hands, his wrists, despite the too pale skin, cold and yielding like skin on a chicken, on meat, in the crypt, despite the half closed eyes, dim, clumpy blond eyelashes, dirty face, unshaven, Jesus Christ, get up, Steve, what the hell kind of anticlimax is this, it’s not ending here, Steve, please, despite the blood under the fingers, on the muzzle of the gun — it was about Steve. They’d tethered Steve to the device they’d now recovered from SHIELD, tethered him in time, alive and dead at once, bound by the DNA of his lover and would-be murderer, and Tony was here to witness a resurrection.
expression. He caught him by the shoulder, stepping once more in front of him, and asked quickly, “What do you want?”
he was saying,
Tony caught him by the back of the neck and kept him a moment longer. “Stay in touch. Take— take more, take cash.”
With a mix of fear and relief, Tony saw he recognized it. It was a picana, designed for torture, for use on humans — high voltage, low current. Maximum pain, minimum damage.
Steve said, or thought, or both, sounding just as he always had, the low rumble of his voice carrying somehow through the code, and Tony wanted to answer him. I’m here, I’m here, he wanted to say, but he wasn’t.
They needed this to start. Now, the Hydra guards would be more cautious than at any other time, waiting for Cap to chicken out, to change his mind.
Steve obeyed him on both counts, keeping both of his hands on the wound. He walked stiffly, doubled over and barely bending his legs.
For a moment, Tony could not think, could not breathe, didn’t even process the pain enough to want it to stop. Then, the pain was everything he was aware of. He clawed uselessly at his neck, tried to pull at the collar. He might have screamed.
Steve glanced up at him, giving him an odd sort of look, concern mixing with an undertone of almost-amusement, almost-affection. He didn’t say anything, setting the little machine back down, and picked up the whip, looking it over dubiously. “My ex used to have something like that.”
But then he was throwing himself, every part of himself, into turning the machine off, wrecking the code.
Tony realized he couldn’t estimate even roughly how much time had passed since he’d first come down into the underground base. It could not have been long — they must have been in the process of setting up the machine when he’d arrived,— but… hours? Days?
The action reverberated, sending echoes hurtling through space, and for a second Tony thought Steve wouldn’t make it either, pushed back by the closer passage.
Steve stared at him like he was an idiot, but didn’t seem to come up with the words to tell him so. He seemed paler by the minute, leaning heavily against the wall.
“There’s no time,” he insisted, hoarsely, “we need to walk, Tony. We need to get out. Help me up.”
Pain, sharp and near-overwhelming, brought him falling quickly back into his body. As absorbed as he’d been in the world of the machines around him, he’d almost stopped feeling himself, and suddenly it all came into uncomfortable, eye-watering clarity.
The opening was almost too narrow for Tony to fit inside with his armor on. He flattened himself as much as he could, rod-straight, and descended shakily on his foot thrusters.
Why had Tony chosen this for his final resting place? How had he dared?
The third cut was lower, going into the scant layer of fat just over Tony’s hip, and it hurt less. Distracted by Steve’s hand, Tony barely had the presence of mind to loll forward, exaggerating the pain and groan.
“Either you do it,” he said, “or we will.”
“Don’t come any closer,” he yelled, “I’ll shoot.”
Grateful that he was overdue for a manicure, Tony dug his sharp thumbnail into the rubber insulated surface of the wire, felt the thrum of electricity under his touch, and reared back before he could catch that particular electric shock.
“You didn’t,” Steve said, “I had dreams, too.”
though the machine was doing it already, and then—
“Yeah,” Tony said, dumbly, and reached over to set a hand on the side of Steve’s face. “I’m sorry to wake you.”
His eyes watered, and he blinked rapidly, staring at Steve with betrayal, confusion, thinking for a moment that this whole time Steve had wanted to hurt him, had meant it, was relishing in it, and—
Tony closed his eyes, braced himself, and dove back into the sea of information around him. His own goal was to find anything, anywhere, that he could pull at. A message he could send, a system he could sabotage, anything, anything at all.
he thought,
It was a strange decision. She tried to talk him into staying long enough to meet the backup, to watch the bunker. She tried to talk him into heading for SHIELD medbay instead of his tower.
“Collar,” he mouthed, indicating it with a downward jut of his chin, and then let out a pained little whimper to hide the fact that he’d talked at all.
As exhausted as he was, he wasn’t able to shake the dreams for long. The warm, dreamless slumber changed shape, dragged him as though heavy,  muddied water, back into the crypt, where Steve’s body lay dead, bleeding out from the stomach wound, and Tony was poking it with the picana. It was dead -- pale, cold, set awkwardly with rigor mortis -- but each time he shocked it, it gave the breathy little scream, and Tony knew, somehow, that he was killing it again, but he could nothing more, could be nothing more. Hands grabbed at him, shook him, pulled him, monster, murderer, torturer, wake up, wake up, Tony—
