“Look, I have never done this before. I don’t even know if I am capable of it or not. I might mess it up for the two of us so perhaps it’s best if we go our own ways for today and tonight. You go in and spend Christmas with your family and I will go back to the estate and spend some time there, with my employees and extended family. Tomorrow you come back and we can plan a nice New Year getaway, okay?”
“Oh poor you,” John was immediately concerned, sitting up straighter with a look of worry on his face, “I hope you got the wound cleaned, disinfected and applied some antiseptic cream. Have you taken an anti-tetanus shot just to be protected against any possible infection?” Sherlock felt a bit good at the concern shown by his man but his soul was crushing him badly that day. He was not going to be able to enjoy his time with John like he normally used to. “Yeah, I was given the shot and my brother is a trained paramedic, he took care of the wound.”
A knock on their door drew their attention to Greg, who stood at the door with the two daughters of the family – Siobhan, Jim’s sister and Eurus, Sherlock’s sister. “Why did you bring them here?” Mycroft thundered at Greg, “They were away from this nonsense so far, living a safer and peaceful life in town, why did you have to….???”
“Feels like Christmas, feels like home,” Elizabeth Smallwood announced as the lights came on that evening. She also forgave Sherlock for not ‘coming back’ sooner and acknowledged the mistakes John made, thereby burying the hatchet with the young man.
Reginald saw that exchange, heard his younger son and decided to support his wife more vocally. “We are new-age parents. I think you have
. John was so lost in his thoughts that he startled when he felt her hand on top of his. “Yeah,” he made a second monumental mistake as he asked indifferently, “You mean to say if we’re dating exclusively. Yes for sure we are but if there’s nothing to say then there’s nothing to say. Us being a couple or not doesn’t change a thing.”
He was reading his notes, standing next to the experiment table, when he heard soft footfalls right behind him.
“It is quite all right John. You have filled in for me numerous times and this is the first time ever that you asked me to return the favor. I owe you several, not one. I can do this for you, don’t you worry about it. I’ll inform Robert.”
“Yes. But she is gone now. Think of those who are left. Please, listen to me and do as I say, just call her.”
He looked like a drifter. A thick beard, long shaggy mane, a face that was paler than the sheets around him and eyes that were haunted and bordering on the ‘crazy’, he sat on the bed with a bottle of whiskey in his arms, half-finished, and he drank straight from the bottle. All the drapes were shut, there were no lights on, the room was dark and dingy and had a stuffy smell. The smell of alcohol and sweat hung in the air and what was that…..
“It’s good,” Sherlock said, without batting an eyelid, “Money can buy some really awesome things. Like space, books, most of which are literally just for show.”
Greg unfolded the piece of paper and smoothed it out, holding it between the thumb and index fingers of either hand. Phil and Sally leaned in to read along even as Greg read it out aloud.
Sherlock wrapped a long leg around his hip, as if trying to climb him despite the difference in their heights. Aware of that, John backed him up towards the bed till they fell on it noisily, Sherlock on his back and John right on top of him.
He found her staring at the blooming garden ahead with a pleasant twinkle in her eyes and a hint of a smile at the corner of her lips. She didn’t seem to acknowledge his presence but the moment he cleared his throat to draw attention she quipped, “Come, sit here beside me.”
John was sure that if he were any more aroused or happier than this, he'd be twins. Sherlock’s hot and slippery mouth, that wicked tongue, it was wrapped around his hard length, sucking him so good that he felt even his brains would drip out through his dick.
“No, I am not the level of genius as you and Sherlock, nor as well-informed and connected as Mycroft. So if you’d please enlighten me.”
Sensations swirled around in his brain and all too soon he felt the first tremors of his climax close in. He tried to withdraw but it was useless, he was too far gone.
John was fuming, “I said, get the fuck out of here. Not just this room but my house and the vicinity. Never show me your face again.”
….. Sherlock stopped typing. He could hear John outside. Oh no, oh no not again, he had to stop him, he had to stop him now. “JAWN,” he shouted and rushed out of the bedroom and almost collided with his man as John came out of the bathroom. “Hey,” the good doctor said, “All well?”
John gave him a crooked look, “You really are in love with Sherlock Holmes, aren’t you dear Superintendent Lestrade?”
John’s shoulders slumped as he finally acknowledged his mistake, “I should have been there with him. Instead I chose to go to a pub and have a drink. Needed a bit of time off to relax after a pretty hectic month.”
John guffawed, “You have changed a lot Tiger. We used to be so close as kids and teens but since then your life has been shrouded in mystery bro! Dating for more than two years and now we get to know! When were you planning to tell me, huh?”
John took a few moments to assess the situation. It was already confusing enough that he was sleeping on the same bed with Sherlock again, to top that he had this incredibly deep and refreshing eight-hour sleep even though his housemate was literally all over him. To add to this, he didn’t
Sherlock and Jim were asleep in their beds as if nothing had gone wrong at all the previous night. It was only the bloodstained sheets and broken items in the room and the entire house which signaled towards an incident that had left all of us reeling from shock. But now that it was over, the two boys seemed to have no memories of the events at all.
Sebastian punched one man and instantly three more pounced on him. John tried to help but Irene pointed his gun right between his eyes. “Make no mistake I will shoot if you try to touch me doctor!”
“What is going on?” Mr. Smallwood asked, “This happened seven hundred meters from my house. We should know.”
It was only minutes later that Sherlock was on all fours and John was on his knees behind him, pounding inside him like a man possessed, both men making muffled sounds through their fists as they tried their best to keep it down. The tractor rocked and creaked noisily, its huge wheels making it bounce. Thankfully the brakes held and it didn’t move despite the alarming amount of activity going on aboard. Sherlock howled, cursed and muttered throughout, punctuated by John who called him all the dirtiest things under the sun, his slut, his whore, his sex-slave boy etc and pulled him back by his hair painfully, giving him the sort of aggressive and hard love that he so craved for.
“Oh thanks man, I knew I could count on you. So we are going to Northern Lights, right? Yeah, great, see you there at one-thirty sharp then.” Once again John got a live demonstration of how men like Phillip, when given half an inch, would easily grab a mile. Before he could reply or Sherlock could get back on the line, the cunning Andersen had disconnected. There was no other way but to be there, reserve a table for three and wait for the two men. Since they worked in the same place, they’d come over together. John couldn’t really say anything to that.
Greg gave John a glance and John smiled, nodded and mouthed ‘Watch me’. He walked straight up to Neil’s desk and stood hovering over him like a hawk watching its prey. Unnerved, Neil paused the game and stood up, realizing John meant business. “Neil, what do you usually do when Mike or Charles call you? Don’t you go to their cabin or at least turn and give them proper attention? Don’t you?” When Neil nodded and several of his neighbors in the bullpen stopped their work to watch the proceedings. Clearly that put Neil even more in the corner, where he had trapped himself. John didn’t raise his voice, he simply spoke more emphatically, stressing on all the words. “This is called respect for the individual Neil, this is deserved by everyone working in this office and not only those whom you consider as ‘the bosses’.”
As the last stream of cum left John’s body and flowed into the curly haired man, Sherlock made a soft sound and relaxed into a deeper sleep, not having woken even for a second while John was at it.
Mycroft shook his head, “No, I had no idea Lockie. But what exactly happened today, at the hotel? Greg was so anxious. In fact I have never seen him so worried about anything or anyone.”
Greg observed the young man for almost three hours. He had planted cameras in the scruffy little flat he lived in, where he conducted experiments, played violin, wrote extensively, practiced martial arts and taught students online. He was a recluse in all terms and purposes, the only people he met freely and regularly was a neighborhood gal named Molly who brought him groceries and helped him with cleaning and cooking. Then there was a friend named Victor, who visited him twice a week and they conducted experiments, drank beer and laughed together. The third person allowed in any time was the landlady, Mrs. Hudson, who brought him morning tea and breakfast and did his laundry.
Next to him was Jim who didn’t try to mince words. “She still likes you and could use a good dicking Sherlock. You better give her that rather than take up this case like a total noodle.”
“Two bedrooms in those, about five hundred square meters,” John said, also breathing a bit heavily because he was a little nervous as well. John be careful, what if Sherlock doesn’t really want this so soon? What if you’re not reading his signals well?
“This was bought by a certain Mr. Sebastian…..” the store manager said as he looked through his records on the backend database where they entered customer data, “No, no, it is not a mister but a colonel. Yes, Colonel Sebastian Augustus Moran, that’s the name. He is the son of a Baron…. No, no, an Earl. The Earl of Somerville. He bought this watch as a gift, perhaps for this person who’s in the pic. Yes, this is very much a product sold through our store but no, we never saw this particular man here ever.”
“We are going to visit your family home, your mother?” John exclaimed when he learned of their destination. He was excited but also surprised. He had no idea Sherlock had a family aside from his elder brother and that too was discovered only two years ago. About his childhood and background the detective had been reticent, almost secretive.
“Because I love you. Now you tell me why are you changing your mind? Is it just because Greg’s married and I am not?”
“Actually I wanted to thank you. For helping Sherlock despite the fact that you’re no longer together. Perhaps I judged you too harshly.”
“Yes, but a man with a past that’s opaque. You said to me weeks ago, what if he’s married, what if he’s had kids. How will our Lockie deal with heartbreak once again. This time he will be put off from love for good.”
“I met you,” John stated frankly and honestly, “And now I am wondering if we could leverage this stroke of good luck and convert it into a cup of coffee in that nice place across the street. They say they sell the best lattes in this county!”
A newspaper article was published the following day. It was on the second page and a small one with not too many facts and details. The headline was quite appropriately put as
It’s Mrs. Hudson probably. I didn’t hear the footsteps but what the heck, it has to be her or Alan, the bright kid from down the street who does odd jobs for me. He hates tea, he won’t even touch that. Sherlock located the cannisters where John kept the chocolate chip cookies and the cream cracker biscuits and then a plate…..Then he heard a few words that pulled the rug from underneath his feet.
Sherlock’s shoulders had slumped, “Yeah, but we can’t be on the road all night, can we? We’ll search again tomorrow.”
“A bit eccentric, anti-social, doesn’t care for traditions, he is perfect, there couldn’t be a better person than him to do this,” he grinned, “And he needs the money. Money will give him the freedom he desires. He wants to travel the world, start his own work, become an inventor.”
An evil grin spread on his lips and John thrust up again into the tight vault, this time angling it just right. The already open mouth opened even wider and a scream left Sherlock’s throat, deliciously loud. “Yes, yes, yes, feel me deep inside you, so deep you feel it all the way in your gut, moving and probing, stroking you so good, yeah, feel me and enjoy me baby, I am all yours, fuck yourself on my cock.”
He didn’t let me out of his sight the rest of the day and ordered lunch for us, saying I ‘should not cook’. In the evening he had to go for an emergency though, just for a couple of hours, during which I decided to cook dinner. We had a chicken in the freezer so I called mummy to figure out how to prepare it. She told me to dress it, so dress it I did. I put John’s socks on the chicken and video called mummy to show her.
John took a deep breath, gave Sherlock a small nod and stepped aside as the latter unlocked the front door using the code. To their surprise, they found the Holmes couple right on the other side. John hesitated for the briefest moments before he stepped in, holding Sherlock’s hand. He let that go for a brief moment, bowed slightly and took Eugenia’s hand in his own. “Thanks for having me today Mrs. Holmes. Thank you Mr. Holmes and merry Christmas.”
Sherlock’s last resort was the smart woman who often acted as a stabilizing factor in Sherlock’s life, as a friend and confidante. But in this case even she seemed to be on Jim’s side. “I think you have the word Sherlock,” she smiled, signaling at Jim, “Once you have his word there’s no need for further explanations, is there?”
“You know about them. You can’t lie to me anymore. I know you’re very fond of them but what do you think you are doing? You’re blinded by love. You’re sheltering and protecting criminals.”
“They shouldn’t be Johan. The pics should be more of the children and elderly who need help and who have received help, not me grinning and looking smug and showing off my expensive suits and the house I live in. Nope.”
“Oh yeah, absolutely,” John responded in a joyous tone, “What a thing to ask? I wouldn’t have got him had it not been for you and your lessons and advice and sooner or later I would have introduced him to you anyways. He will be pleased to meet you. I shall introduce you as a friend though, if that’s okay.” To that Greg made a request that John would have found strange and a bit suspicion-inducing, but he was in such a happy space and in such an amazingly cheerful state of mind that nothing could break through that haze. “I’ll be in disguise when I meet him John. I am saying this because I don’t wish to be known by face. My work is such that it’s best for me to remain anonymous. You can call me a friend from your college days, that I was a college professor or counselor or something like that.”
Yeah, yeah, John's views on being 'bi' is ludicrous, as are his interpretations of what he feels about Sherlock, but John is a normal person here, not a politically correct wise old man!
John nodded, wondering if it was a mistake coming here. The lieutenant colonel had agreed to give him time within two days but that was due to the heroics he had displayed, not because he knew John or had anything to do with him. Thousands of soldiers died or quit the army every year, he was not supposed to help them all out. The state gave them all the medical care they needed and a decent pension.
“It’s not a rainy day though,” Sherlock said with a big smile as he looked at the clear skies above and the rays of sunshine around him, “I must say London’s mood improved and the weather got merrier thanks to the return of John Watson.” He paused, a bit dumbstruck by his own forwardness. Since when did he start talking so much and with such underlying hints? Still, it felt good to do so. He didn’t mind the fact that John seemed different since his return and that difference was rubbing off on him too.
“Colonel Moran sir,” he quickly grabbed some of the items from the man who towered over him, “Sorry about the delay. Mrs. Hudson is busy so I had to come down all the way….what happened now?”
“But we do not have swim trunks,” Sherlock argued, “I don’t know if you brought one for yourself but I don’t have one, for sure.”
Anthea saw the bushes move and her sixth sense told her the creature had just moved away from them and retreated. She heaved a sigh of relief and said, “I don’t suppose you can drop us in the village, can you?”
“I b-blame myself too. But we can’t just watch this happen and d-do nothing….. all is not lost perhaps…..Do you-you remember what Harry…. The fellow who came to see us at the inn said? Before he escaped through the-the fire-escape staircase he told us something, d-didn’t he?”
– Day started with Mrs. Hudson’s tea and her sadness filled report that the neighbour’s cat had taken sick and was with the vet. Someone had fed it last night. Some grains of rice were found around the passed-out feline.
“Sorry,” she was mortified at being reproached but aside from Greg, who was sitting on one of the couches in the waiting area, there was no one else around. John hadn’t humiliated her but corrected her. Good move!
Sally was roused from her distracted state as her sister elbowed her gently. “Here,” she extended the books she was holding, “In the car boot there’s some equipment and packets, instruction manuals etc. If someone can help get them inside or wherever you wish to store it, maybe the garden shed or something.”
For a few seconds there was deafening silence in the kitchen once again. Where a ton of anger, fear and bewilderment was expected, what they saw was mere curiosity tinged with a little gladness. “WHAT?” Sherlock and John asked together, startled by her tone and expression. She didn’t seem angry, in fact she sounded quite happy and accepting of this harsh truth. Even Reginald seemed quite at peace with this, having already gone back to the turkey which he was now putting into the large oven. “How does he look?” Eugenia asked, craning her neck to see if Sherlock had something on his phone, “Where is he from? Where does he live right now, is it London or somewhere else?”
Greg Lestrade shook his head, “No, none at all. None whatsoever. It’s been extremely peaceful.” Mrs. Hudson instantly reinforced the statement, “Yes, ours is a crime-free village and we have not really seen any such incidents. But these city slickers, they come in, they are drunk, they do all sorts of weird things, stay out late and then come back with ridiculous tales. I think those girls got scared of some stray or something.”
“He respects the man as a soldier and when they were young they really did get along well. But Mr. Watson is aware that his cousin has changed quite a bit in his twenties and he was disappointed when he left the army. I think, once the Dame Rosalie is no more, he will show him the door. You can do charity but not cripple someone with it, let them fish for themselves if they are able to – this was what I once heard him telling Mr. Stamford.”
But there was one little problem. He had no time or life outside the responsibilities of a surgeon and a co-investigator. While the matter with Janet had been simmering under the surface and John kept shoving it under the carpet in the faint hope that if he didn’t look at it long enough it would go away, there was a new romantic interest which had flared up. Carrie, the young lady who had gifted him that exquisite and custom tailored shirt. She had not only shown great interest and effort in dating John but also seemed to be a sweet, kind and understanding woman who wouldn’t display the temper or possessiveness shown by Janet. John delayed it a little before finally setting up a date for a Sunday. That week he had a Sunday and Monday off.
John frowned, “Now that you mention it, I remember Sherlock asking me to….. we actually were there at the same spot shortly before the murder happened. I don’t know what it is, but something makes me feel off. As if I am connected to these killings and attacks in some way.”
“What’s the matter?” Sherlock asked. He was driving John’s car that day, mostly because John had insisted.
‘Yeah, of course, we are the nutcases and you are the stable, dependable one, now that you’re with Mycroft the Great,” John huffed and entered the study. For a second he was afraid to look, remembering the scene he had walked in on about ten minutes prior.
The interiors were just as impressive, from the shiny foyer to the grand hall and the swirling staircase, a capsule elevator installed on the side, arched hallways on either side leading to more rooms. Crystal and Italian tiles, lovely paintings, shiny spotless and classy artifacts.
John did a facepalm and hesitated for a moment. He heard Sherlock’s deep voice, “Is that your date for the evening?”
! All he could remember was the way he had hit the man, struck him right across the face and made him fall sharply on the floor. How God awful he had been, what a butcher, a bloody abuser. He would have wallowed in that self-pity and self-loathing for hours but the sound of the door opening and someone entering the room thankfully brought him out of his aggrieved zone.
“Oh, I agreed on behalf of myself and Sherlock,” Phil went on, unrepentant, “Someone bailed out last week and they needed a replacement. Imagine me on piano and Sherlock on violin, it is going to be the best item of the evening. Mark my words.”
John watched, bemused as well as bewildered, as Sherlock’s plan worked to the T and the dinner party became lively, enjoyable and very well liked by the guests. By the time the last of them left, around 1-30 am, John was dying to tell Sherlock two things.
He didn’t appear anything like the benign, kindly and friendly soul he was. He looked aggressive, angry, charged up with some emotion that was evident on his face. As Greg looked at the picture with a magnifying glass he also noticed something else besides John’s figure, he noticed a watch the man wore. A very expensive and rare watch. It was a limited edition Hublot and Greg knew about it because the commissioner of police had one. He had been given that as a gift by one of his grateful and super-rich celebrity friends whose kidnapped spouse had been found and rescued by him.
“What do we do now?” Sherlock asked as he showed his ring, “I thought I would be very happy but I am not, I am more scared than happy, you know what I mean, right? I am scared out of my mind man, no kidding. Fuck.”
The trio from the Yard had reached the shop as soon as it had opened on Monday. The other two stores which sold the Hublot hadn’t sold this piece hence it was down to this one. If not this then things would move to online and the field would open up too wide, making it near impossible to narrow down to one buyer. But it seemed they were out of luck here as well. “Can you give us the details of this man at least?” Phillip Anderson asked, “Morton.”
“John! Good to see you again. Sorry I had to run yesterday, didn’t get a chance to talk to you properly. You started work already?”
“What if I let him down?” Sherlock sighed tremulously, “What if I wake up one morning and everything is just gone. Like a dream that was too good to come true.”
“I do but you don’t get me do you? I love him. Which means I don’t care if I am popular and loved, I only care about his wellbeing and happiness. For that if we take some steps and he gets mad at me for that, I am perfectly willing to be the villain for a few days.”
John looked up from his phone and raised an arm at Sebastian, waving him over towards the bar. As the handsome blond man joined him, John asked the bartender, who knew them both very well, to bring the ‘usual stuff’ for him and the colonel.
As soon as they were outside, Sally grabbed Phil’s arm and said viciously, “Are you out of your mind Phil?”
“Sorry Sherlock,” John said with an apologetic smile, “I have a personal commitment on Sunday and two pre-scheduled surgeries tomorrow. If this can wait till Monday I am game.”
Sherlock woke him again sometime later on the same night. This time John was a bit irritated and turned the bedside light on, checking the time on the digital alarm-clock he always kept on the nightstand. “Christ Sherlock, it’s only four-thirty am. What’s gotten into you?”
Sherlock dialed the familiar number and just as the phone began to ring, he disconnected it and put the receiver down. It was one of the many home phones in the Watson household and usually one of the retainers or Eckhart the butler received those calls, so he pulled the wire out from the instrument to temporarily disconnect it. He didn’t want the other side to call back on this number.
The silly and odd debacle made him all the more determined to speak to Sherlock that day. So he followed the man even more closely while Sherlock walked home. But again he was out of luck as he stepped into the street where the young man’s house was. Just as they both turned the corner, they saw a car parked right on the kerb of the sidewalk only a few feet away. It was a bottle green Ford Escape and standing next to it was a man even taller than Sherlock, with a slightly more fuller frame, receding hairline and grey eyes. “Hello brother mine,” he greeted Sherlock and Sherlock immediately returned the greeting with ‘Hi Mycroft, you are a bit early’.
“I’ll just sleep with a light on and draw the drapes shut,” Molly said with a smile, “I’ll be fine. Sorry I bothered all of you in the middle of the night. Goodnight everyone. Thanks for coming over to my room to check on me.”
“Hello mummy….hi, no, the invite stands. Have you started yet? No? Oh okay…great. Needed one small help really. I have managed everything here aside from the roasted chicken. Yes, the one you make with caramelized onion sauce, cashews and peas on the side. I tried but failed magnificently. No no, I am fine, not hurt. John is cleaning the kitchen after the mishap. Oh thank you mummy. But can you manage? Oh you can,
Instead he continued about the family estate and household of his friend. “Guess how many servants he has? Thirty of them, all thirty of them on his hundred acre estate. Of course the estate stands on one edge of the village and he practically owns the entire village too. Anyways, just for his house and estate he has a three chambermaids, two lady’s maids, a head housemaid and a housekeeper to manage them all. There are two errands lads and porters, three footmen, two valets and a butler above them. And that’s not all, there is a head cook, an assistant cook, two kitchen maids, two scullery maids. Stable-keeper and his two grooms, groundskeeper and two assistants and I suppose an estate steward as well.”
– John woke me up with a blowjob and once that was done, I returned the favor. He seemed to be in a good mood but began to hiccup the moment I said today was laundry, grocery and cooking day. In fact we would cook enough to freeze in batches for the next few days of the week. I am a hundred percent sure they are overworking him at Barts. I must convince him to take on a less stressful job.
So he crept around the broken parts of decommissioned planes that were lying on one big scrapheap and waited on the other side. The moment he saw the assassin at the right spot, John screamed ‘Sherlock duck’ and pushed at the heap of metal with all his might. The assassin turned but by then big chunks of metal and rubber, like broken wings and charred tyres began to descend upon him. John used that distraction and noise to advance on his enemy, when he stumbled on something.
John shook his head with a knowing smile, “I may have known you only for three months Sherl, but trust me, I do understand you pretty well by now. I know when you’re telling me the truth and when you’re merely trying to conceal something…..”
“Now John, no self-pitying. We all have our crosses to carry. The good news is, you are now fully recovered and healthy as a horse!”
“Very much so. In fact I would have sung that for you but my voice….. Um, no, leave it. I don’t wanna scare your neighbors.”
“He has,” she said with a sad smile, “But I am at that stage of my life where the doctor can’t do much except give some shots and medications and hope the engine runs a bit longer. But I am not complaining really. Many people after the age of eighty get laid up for years in bed, get strapped on to feeding machines and ventilators. I have not had such misfortune, which I should be grateful for.”
“Well, I will tell you as much as you need to know but you must assure me first that you understand your position here. You have signed legal contracts which are so water-tight that there’s no way out of jail if even half a clause is broken or tampered with. It’s my duty to protect the interests of my client but I don’t wish for any harm to come to you either, hence I am checking with you.”
“And some berries, I used blue berries and rock salt, some dried powdered garlic. Mixed it all up. I added too much fat so I had to add some almond powder to firm it up….no, I had Mrs. Hudson do that for me. Eventually I supervised it all, I am the one who made this pemmican.”
John was wondering if he should pull out or just stay in there till Sherlock had settled down a bit, then move towards completion. This was the first time in his life that he was ready for a third climax in
He woke up to find the entire couch shaking. “Wha…..Sherlock, why are you trying to overturn the couch and why….are you naked?”
“Jimmy there is a problem. I heard this from Paul, your butler, whom I ran into when I was coming back home. If this happened on the St. Augustine Cliff then it was no random tourist but someone known to Greg Lestrade.”
He stared around the room, relieved. He was back where he belonged, in John’s bed and the man right beside him. He was not in some strange, orange colored field, watching people being killed, hearing Jim’s voice in his head giving instructions, seeing John standing at some distance and Sebastian about to hack him down with a big shiny axe! The blood, the gore! The way some scream echoed around him! “J-Jawn…. I was so…..”
“Assistant, co-investigator, Martha did tell me not to use that word but I am older than her, and forgetful, so please forgive me son,” she said, sounding genuinely apologetic for her faux pas, “I am Mabel, Martha’s elder sister.”
John growled like an animal in heat and reversed their positions with immediate effect, putting Sherlock on his back and straddling his face. He began fucking his lover’s mouth like a man possessed, hips moving back and forth so fast the bed creaked noisily from the impact. Sherlock allowed him the luxury, relaxing his throat and letting John take over and reach orgasm at a swift pace, as needed by his completely aroused state.
“For you,” Sherlock would have preferred that no one ever brought that up, least of all Jim who was as much a party to that misdeed as he was, “It was to build our own future. Or have you forgotten that that theft was entirely planned by you?”
sometimes. Everything can’t be solved by blue murder, threats or firearms.” He took a sip of his coffee (which he had brought along with himself, in a fancy thermos) and nodded, pleased with the taste, “Indonesian beans. Always the best! So, I know how my brother can be, hence the man living with him has to be the calmer, more rational one and yet, brave and prepared for any eventuality.”
His legendary self-control ditched him that day and when Sherlock’s tongue pressed upon the prominent vein on the side of his enormous length, John knew he was done for. His orgasm came towards him, thundering like a storm and as wet and pelting as the torrential downpour. It blinded him, swept through him like a tidal wave and before he knew it he was cumming so hard he almost lost consciousness. Bolts of extreme pleasure traveled through his body, the entire length of him, sparks igniting in his brain and toes curling automatically. His entire frame shook and his mouth watered for some reason as he felt his semen travel in a glorious rush towards the tip of his cock
She quickly went and came back with a small puppy and a note. “Here,” she said, “He requested that the puppy be called Ginger, because of his fur! Also, he got a nice basket for him, along with bedding, so the adorable thing could sleep comfortably at night. Isn’t he cute?”
Sherlock again looked so stunned that his expression was almost comical. Then his face acquired that puppy dog look that John found so hard to resist, every single time. “What if something happens to me during this case and you’re not around to help….to save me?”
When Sherlock got into bed, he realized he didn’t have much to worry. The bed was huge, at least four people could sleep on it without knees and elbows knocking. When John came to bed too, there was at least six feet distance between them even if they didn’t lie on the absolute edge of the bed.
“John, you are the same person as you used to be when we were kids. Always expecting fairness, always expecting people to acknowledge and make effort, always thinking the world thinks the way you think, feel and behave.”
“Nope. I usually don’t let them sleep in the same room, forget the same bed. If I am in their house I just leave afterwards.”
“He will do that Sherly, don’t antagonize him baby,” Jim said as he finished the last of his coffee and uncapped the bottle of water, “Then we will not only be left with nothing, he can find ways of destroying you completely. John has a lot of power and contacts, thanks to his family money, family name and his own cunning ways of building a network.”
. John still found himself walking into the room and stopping only when his knees hit the edge of the bed. “You didn’t come back to the party,” he said, “After the walk with Mary…..” He sat down, berating himself for doing this but unable to stop himself either. “So how did it go?” He tried one last time to strike up a conversation.
Finger food followed, butterflied shrimps and cheese and olive sticks, tiny halved quail’s eggs and chicken and mushroom puff pastries. Amidst all this Mary walked up to Sherlock the moment John had left the latter’s side and said, “Can I speak to you for two minutes, alone?”
son in law would. The funny thing was, none of those presumptions about their relationship was true! But
Sally entered her elder sister’s bedroom and got into bed with her, grinning from ear to ear. “I think I am going to get that hero medal from Sherlock,” she said, sounding excited, “I have figured out where I had seen that John fellow, John Doe or whatever, last year. I had gone to a professional photographer’s studio to pick up some pics along with my bestie Pam… who had got her pre-wedding portfolio done through that man. This man, John, was there that very day. I am quite sure, maybe I have a pic of him.” Molly grinned, “Wow that’s good. Show the pic.”
He came home to an empty flat that evening, around six o’ clock. It was cold and the windows were all open. The first thing he did was turn the heating on, before he proceeded towards his bedroom. Just as he was about to enter the room, he caught a bit of a movement from the corner of his eyes, somewhere in the kitchen space. John’s soldier instincts kicked in and he decided to take this head on, but with calmness and tact. Someone was in the flat and he could be
Jim and I got texting, he defended his Sebby and I defended my insults, until the evil twat called me a
“Maybe it was a wild animal or something,” argued Andersen, “See, the forensic reports and several other evidence we found says it might have been an animal, not a human being. Even the second opinion we took from the technician who had arrived from London seems to favor this conclusion. Now you may say there are no such wild animals around these parts which could maul someone to death like that but I say there might be one. Do you remember the huge dog owned by the Smallwood’s? How about that canine? Maybe it got a bit bad when the tramp teased him and decided to attack. After all it’s an animal.”
Moments later they saw a splatter of blood on the floor and even though the actual mauling was out of their sight, the sounds of that man’s screams and the panther’s hissing and snarling left no room for imagination. They could actually ‘see’ this happen.
“I know what you mean but his ways and methods are all wrong. He shouldn’t think you’re obligated to do things his way. A lesson in being more open-minded and easygoing is on the cards then, for Mr. Phillip Rodham Andersen, what say?”
“They are from the same shoes Sherlock owns. It’s his new boyfriend John who bought them for him from the shopping street store ‘Walk of Fame’. There was only one size 12 sold and the owner of that pair is your brother, the other pair is still in the store. I enquired. In the case of Redmond, I know for a fact that Jim and Colonel Sebastian Moran, who also happens to be Jim’s newfound boyfriend, were the only humans in the half mile radius of the decapitation.”
“You got me, you always do with one of you completely logical examples nana,” John said with a broad grin, shoulders shaking. As he continued to chat with the matriarch, he quietly made up his mind to gift that plot to Sherlock. All of it and not just a part or a strip. He didn’t even think it was necessary to seek counsel of his grandmother anymore. She had just given him the answer. People you love or care about, you have every right to give them something that makes their lives easier. In Sherlock’s case, it was a token of appreciation as well as a way to make him feel like an equal. He didn’t want the young man to consider himself less than John or anyone else related to John.
Sherlock was satisfied and tired, in a good way, and prepared to take a short nap to recuperate. But John’s rather large endowment, that had become semi-soft after the second orgasm, quickly hardened and pulsated again and John groaned with renewed need.
“Th-Thanks…. I don’t know how I am going to repay you though….” Sherlock stammered, swallowing the rest of the words that came up.
“It seems I did, listen I am sorry I am acting a bit out of it right now, but-but Sherlock is in trouble and I…..I am afraid I need to help him, then I will come back here for you. I promise to be here before the dinner buffet wraps up.”
John resisted the temptation of hiding behind the poplar tree, listening in and having a quiet laugh. Mycroft sounded like a college boy on his first blush of romance, trying to please his mate at any cost. It was so unusual for the staid, stern and dour Mycroft to behave like that, it made John wonder if falling in love made people do silly stuff.
“I wanted to say a big ‘thanks’ to you. Instead of your ego and your own need for an apology, you chose to value John and his wellbeing. I was afraid you’d refuse to come and John would drink himself to death, literally.”
“Yes and they were spot-on. I told him he was quite accurate but I also asked him to stop that…..I was laughing and blushing at the same time. Honestly, had you not warned him about him and how eccentric he could be, I would have probably gotten offended by those words.”
Extreme distress turned to self-loathing and self-loathing turned to an uncontrollable anger. John felt his blood pressure throb at his temples as Sherlock said, “I want to work and deal with my life on my own.”
“Yeah,” Sebastian was ashamed of himself, shaking his head, “What the hell was I thinking? We need to go back and….. we don’t have a dagger, neither of us, right?” John shook his head, “No we don’t. I left mine upstairs in the pocket of my jacket.” “I left mine in the car, his car.”
“You can,” Sebastian answered coolly, “As long as you believe some things are possible even if they are not common everyday events.”
“Your house? You mean your house here?” Sebastian had to pretend to be surprised or else he’d let the cat out of the bag, “But don’t you live with your parents here love?”
Sensing that the conversation was over for that day, Harry nodded resignedly and left. As soon as the man’s footsteps receded, Mycroft gave a sharp look at his boyfriend. “How did you even listen to such nonsense about Sherlock and Jim? Are you off your mind, accepting that shit.”
“You visit me every day, sometimes even at night, if I am lucky….” came the subdued statement. John broke out into a coughing fit at the end of it, wheezing slightly as he grabbed an inhaler and puffed a couple of sprays into his mouth. Then he took some forceful and long breaths, trying to calm himself.
Greg Lestrade’s two deputies, a tall thin man with a hawkish face named Phil Andersen and a brown-skinned and curly haired voluptuous woman named Sally Donovan, walked up to him. With an owlish grin Andersen said, “I told you the virgin has finally been deflowered.”
Jim put his arm around Sherlock’s shoulder and gave him a squeeze, “Hey, don’t do that, remember what we discussed about blaming ourselves. It won’t help, it will only cause more anguish, frustrations and heart ache. Anyways, think your sister and mam are wondering if we are about to become a couple???”
“I’ve heard that enough times in the past three weeks to hear it in my head, at night. I get it Greg. No need to go on repeat mode.”
Phil was sitting and jiggling his right knee, something he always did whenever he was impatient. When the door on the passenger’s side opened and closed, he finally let out the breath that he didn’t even realize he had been holding in.
“It looks just like a human face with a cat like form…. Usually there are Egyptian deities with human forms and heads of animals. Same in Hindu mythology. But this one is different in that the head is that of a human and the body an animal’s. How incredible!”
John thrust inside him and started moving, his veins standing out on his temples and forehead as the sheer pleasure of being inside his man overwhelmed him in every way. Waves and waves of pleasure kept rolling over him as he kept moving in and out of Sherlock, rolling over on the bed with him, changing positions, speeding up or slowing down as he pleased. His semen kept flowing that night, filling Sherlock up completely before it started to drip out and trickle down his perineum and buttocks and soil the sheets they were lying on.
Sherlock woke up feeling much better physically. But his mind was blank. For a few seconds he couldn’t even remember what he’d been up to before he’d slept.
At that plea, silence descended in the room. The parents bowed their heads and stared resignedly at the floor while Greg leaned against the wall and shook his head, realizing they had now hit a dead-end. “Not looking at the problem won’t make it go away folks,” Mycroft lit a cigarette, his expression neutral again but his jarred nerves apparent in the way he paced about, “If we don’t do anything, someone somewhere will hunt them down. Things will end badly for both, maybe violently even…….” He was interrupted at that point by a woman’s voice, “I think I know,” Eurus said with a sudden burst of confidence and optimism, “There’s someone, actually two people who can help. But we’d be taking a slightly big risk by divulging these details to those who aren’t yet part of our family. But I am fairly confident they are as close to the boys as we are, if not closer.”
Sherlock reached out and grabbed Jim’s hand, “I don’t wanna lose you. But I don’t want to hurt any of our families. Hurting Greg is like hurting the family. Jimmy, we need to stop this bloodbath. What is wrong with you?”
John knew of a thousand reasons why he shouldn’t make a move but nothing worked in his head. Only his traitor of a heart took over and he literally pounced on Sherlock, kissing him hard and deep.
Meanwhile, the sounds in the next room were getting louder and louder. From soft moans to loud wails, muted grunts to full-fledged roars, sweet keening cries to full blown yells of pleasure, it was like listening to a porn clip with one’s eyes closed. John even chuckled for a moment despite his annoyance and impatience to leave, because he heard things breaking in there. Seriously, what were those two up to? Oh God, more things falling and scattering about! I counseled them on how to spice up their sex life, not on how to trash an entire room!
“You look awesome,” John said as he took a good look at the nervous Sherlock, “A suit looks good on you. The casual ones as well as the tux. I saw you in a suit when we had that evening out in town and now here, today, to meet my nana…. I have never seen a man look better in a subtle shade of dusty pink combined with cream and black.”
“Don’t bat those lashes at me or use that tone of innocence. You are anything but innocent. Had it not been for Mike’s diligence, my accountant doing an audit and Sebastian warning me about you, I wouldn’t have probably know so soon. By the time I’d have realized, I would have suffered losses of huge magnitude, perhaps my reputation too. I might have been married to you already and you’d have squeezed one fourth of my assets out of me…..” He paused, raising his hand to stop Sherlock who had begun to protest and vouch for his innocence and honesty, his beguiling attractiveness or his child-like charms. “Don’t say a word after this. I am glad my grandmother is not even alive to see this…. Disaster.”
He couldn’t hear the last bits of the conversation. He saw himself, armed and angry, making his way through the rain until he arrived at the compound wall of a house that was-that was Sherlock’s estate. It was the same house where they lived now, where he had got a new lease of life and a happy relationship. Suddenly that moment he had seen two days ago re-flashed before him and he saw the knife in his own hand this time, poised to strike someone…..
Greg laughed, “Jesus! You are a practical fellow. I wish Sherlock had that quality in common with you. You did say that he and you were very similar.”
“And yet it seems to wrong to even wish this situation on him. I mean, if Sherlock truly loves John then it will be a huge setback for him.”
He looked at them, stunned. Sherlock did put a thought into his gifts, multiple small gift items that were totally compatible with John’s tastes. There was a fancy personalized cover for John’s new iPhone. There was a grey silk tie which John had once mentioned he lacked in his closet. There was also a bottle of Jameson’s, John’s favorite, aged over twenty years. There were six glasses too, for the bar. John always loved a well-stocked bar with fancy items.
“Oh our relationship. He rattled off his knowledge which he developed just by observing me and my mannerisms, a few words I had spoken and a picture of yours on my phone screen. But that was all stuff which had already happened, like where we might have met, what do we usually do when we have our date, how long have we known each other etc. What was remarkable was how he predicted a couple of thing even you don’t know.”
“Um, I don’t wanna go back in there.” “Me neither that noise seems deafening. Can’t you bring a few options out here to the door?”
John felt a strange flutter in his chest and a corresponding heat rise in his groins as Mary ushered Sherlock into the private parlor or den where he’d decided to meet the young man. Despite having gone through the dossier on Sherlock Bouffler several times, he found himself unprepared for the sight that greeted him.
“If he is, consider yourself lucky,” Greg answered, “We don’t get angry at or upset with strangers. That’s reserved only for those we care about. So, in case your Sherlock is a bit annoyed at your disappearance it only means he cares enough to be affected by it.”
“Next lesson. You don’t flash a wad of cash before someone, especially if they’re your teacher, boss, client or someone higher up the pecking order. You speak of payments with their staff.”
“Good. Now here is the plan that’s been shaping up in my mind. Please let me know what modifications you need to make it work.”
“He had a bit of a sixth sense,” Sherlock explained. He neglected to mention that he found that shorter, honey blond haired man fairly attractive. He was just the sort of person Sherlock would want to date and bring home someday to his parents and siblings.
“Oh, wow,” John’s eyes were fixed on Sherlock as the latter stood in just a pair of swim trunks. Short ones that covered only the basics and nothing more. He had bought them the day before, on purpose, to seduce John, and it was apparently working. He could see the lust in John’s eyes.
She handed him a large mug of hot cocoa, made just the way he liked. He inhaled it deeply and she ruffled his hairs. “Yes mummy,” Sherlock answered with a smile and pointed at the décor of the room he was sitting in, their cozy and spacious den, “Do you like that? Those over there and these I put up here. I thought I’d try some of the homemade decorations this year, groups of reindeer cut out of colored paper and multi-colored balloons twisted and tied into shapes of elves. I also got the firewood on the porch, just like you wanted me to. Give the porch a rustic look, complete with the old fashioned sled.”
“I can’t do much aside from apologizing to you for this. I am sorry Jan, I didn’t mean to forget but I had to accompany Sherlock for something critical. It slipped my mind completely that we had set up a dinner date this evening.”
She understood and thankfully stopped the conversation right there with ‘We shall cross the bridge when we come to it. I am just glad we finally met.’
“It was clean,” she said, frowning, “You dirtied it boy, now you will clean it up for your boyfriend. And he is a keeper, so don’t get petty over such things. Help him clean or get that kid-gang of yours and pay them to clean up the place. What about your furniture John? Do you have any or are you going to move in with just clothes and other personal items. My flat is fully-furnished so you won’t really need to buy something, however, I am sure you love-birds would like to add something that’s a ‘joint-purchase’.”
“A little. But if you relax and enjoy this, trust me, if you don’t tense up and don’t get anxious, then it won’t.”
Truth be told, he had never done this to anyone before and he wasn’t sure if Sherlock would be able to take it. He knew Sherlock had a tough side which the world saw but there was also a vulnerable, fragile side to him which only John Watson knew of. That side could crumble and that was what worried John when he had decided to
“Are you happy doing this?” Sherlock asked curiously, surprised to see John enjoying himself so much, “Or am I being a bundle of trouble on my very first day here?”
Sherlock gave in with a sigh and sank back down on the sheets as John’s blond head disappeared under the blankets. As he felt that hot, talented mouth kiss and suckle on his nipples, then lave and lick at his skin and traverse downwards, Sherlock gripped the headboard and braced himself for the sensations coming up next. Already he was feeling dizzy from arousal, his loins were on fire and his legs had parted wide. Just a little lower, just a few more inches and oh yesssss….. John’s mouth was on him, sucking him, deep throating him, pleasuring him in ways he had never known. His eyes widened with surprise, with joy and from the sensations and he groaned with abandon, enjoying the ministrations from a man he had long coveted and fancied.
Neither of them said anything to each other as they sealed up the hole, turned their backs to it and ran straight back home.
“Here is Gretel,” a plump, rosy-cheeked, redheaded woman in her forties was introduced to him by Greg, “She will be your domestic help. Anything you need, you only have to tell her. Of course there is Eckhart, the butler, someone who has served here for thirty years and John trusts him a 100% at all times.”
Sherlock felt a bit better at those words. He was so unused to being scrutinized, even more unused to wearing a suit, that too in the morning and for lunch. While the estate was huge and they had to walk almost five hundred meters just to get to the old lady’s wing, it was after all the same house. Donning such formal and expensive attire, using product in his hair, Sherlock felt a bit too dolled up.
for a whole week perhaps, I thought we could order in some junk food without any feeling of guilt. So I have called for an extra-large size pepperoni and extra cheese pizza with jalapenos, olives and mushrooms for company. Also made some tea while you were sleeping. Fancy some?”
When he came back to the bed he found Sherlock lying across it in such a manner that there was no space for John to even squeeze in. He had also hogged all the blankets.
He kissed the finger and smile again, “Now please, have mercy on my knee, will you marry me William Sherlock Scott Holmes?”
“If you don’t agree with me I will tell mummy and daddy you were kissing your college senior Roger’s pee-pee last night.”
“That is true,” Greg Lestrade gave him a curious look, “But this is also a salaried job and you will have to perform exactly what the employer asks of you. You can’t come back home without his permission nor go anywhere without a chaperone, you will even have to sleep with him if he asks that of you. How did you agree to this?”
This time he had spent a whole week in Interlaken, Switzerland, training for a new surgical training that required minimum invasiveness and could be done in half the time as compared to the older open surgery methods. The trip was extended by two days as the group of surgeons decided to visit an Alpine village and spend a night at a boutique hotel there, where each bedroom had a conservatory like area and a hot tub there, so one could see the stars and get an outdoorsy feeling as they soaked in nice warm to moderately hot water.
Sherlock was panting severely, both from lust and fear. He had never done this before, he was a virgin and somehow the idea of being penetrated was scary for him. But despite that he longed to have John inside him, with that impressive package.
Sherlock was in an outfit that was halfway between Minnie Mouse and Cat woman. He had pointy cat ears, a long swinging tail and fancy whiskers pinned to him at various strategic places. He was wearing a skin-tight latex bustier top with padding to give the impression of boobs and around his bottom was a very short and puffy Minnie Mouse printed skirt and frilly panties that showed beneath. Completing the attire were stockings, a garter belt and pink stiletto heels. That was not all, he had been given some make up as well. Sherlock’s Cupid-bow lips were coated neatly with bright red lipstick and his eyes lined with kohl, a dust of mascara bringing out the best of his long lashes.
No one had told him anything but he just knew – he felt it in his skin and ever nerve ending, a restlessness, despair and foreboding that told him something had gone wrong at home.
Jim writhed underneath him, urging him to continue, shaking all over, cursing and keening. Sebastian fucked him hard in response, harder than he ever had before. With every thrust Jim moved up an inch on the bed and as his head almost hit the headboard, Sebastian put two pillows as barriers and continued to fuck him relentlessly. “SEBBY,” Jim screamed at some point and climaxed, semen shooting all over him, but Sebastian just went on and on. Having already cum in the car, he could easily continue this for a while and extract maximum pleasure.
“I meant to say, yes, I think Jim and Sebastian are dating. It’s very clear, isn’t it?” Sherlock quickly managed to make a turnaround and prevent the situation from taking a disastrous turn.
It was then that something exploded right next to their bed and John jumped back with a loud ‘Jesus Christ’, pulling Sherlock back along with himself. “So that’s where the bomb was,” Sherlock murmured, still half-asleep. “What the fuck….how did this….” John rasped, staring at the ball of smoke that had emerged from the innocuous looking pair of trousers that Sherlock had discarded on the floor, apparently that was where the bomb had been planted.
“Congratulations boy,” John’s best friend in prison, an older man named Roy Fitzgerald, shook hands with him on the day he was to be released, “Your sentence has been commuted to eight years on account of good conduct. In the next few minutes you will be a free man. So then, what are your plans for the future?”
“I have done this before, as you know,” Sherlock started the story he wanted to tell John, so they could be transparent with him, “But the last time I brought someone in….”
John tried to shut off his sense completely, chanting IamnotgayIamnotgayIamnotgayIamotgay… over and over again in his head.
The skies fell on Sherlock’s head, literally. Now the thing was confirmed. John had a Valentine. He was having dinner with them and possibly lunch tomorrow with the same one. And the innocuous gift box was also meant for that skank or man-whore or whoever it was.
“What am I doing here Mrs. Hudson?” He asked. She gave him an equally confused glance back and replied, “I don’t know either. I should probably lock this room up for good. We have enough spare bedrooms anyways for guests. This one is somehow filled with negativity.”
The situation was further compromised when I made a second attempt to initiate sex with John and was told I was incompetent at home and tried to mask that by pretending to be the alpha male.
He turned towards the waiting ladies, who were carrying lunch boxes with them and he noticed a third one which was probably meant for him. He felt really terrible having to tell them he had to go, but then there hadn’t been a formal invite from them and he could always take a rain check. It was John he felt bad for, that poor man was waiting for him at home as he always did. Every time Sherlock’s car could be seen at the top of the sloping road, John would come running to open the garden gate himself despite the automatic feature available. “I am sorry,” he said to Molly, “But there’s an emergency in London and I think my brother might be either compromised in some situation or perhaps unwell. I need to rush right away. Can I ask you for a big favor please, sorry I am being a total jerk and cancelling lunch but it would be great if you could…..”
The door opened. Out came Jim, looking more Richard and less Moriarty with his bed hair, stubbled cheeks and baggy clothes. For a second John thought that hoax was real, Jim indeed didn’t exist and Richard was the actor who had pretended to be the mastermind. John noticed his lips were swollen, moist and he was adjusting his clothes and running his fingers through his soft raven hairs. Okay, so there
There was only one problem. Testing it on an animal was easy. He only needed to talk to someone he knew who had a huge stud farm and a testing specimen would be available. The key step was to test it on a human. It would have to involve some kind of trickery because he wasn’t sure human testing was legal or if he would get a voluntary lab rat for this. He was sure there was no danger to the person’s life but there could be other reactions that were less than flattering to watch or experience.
He brought his fingers to the furled opened and started to massage it, since it was so tense and tight. But at the same time his cock began to leak again. If this was
“Awww, aren’t you two the most adorable……how are you now Sherlock?” Mrs. Hudson walked in, taking Sherlock’s hand and gently rubbing it between her own. “Let go Hudders, I am not cold, so stop warming me up let go,” Sherlock protested, snapping at his former nanny.
Cursing himself for chickening out, he quickly led Sherlock into the bedroom which was actually fifty percent of the two hundred square meter suite. It was sheer ostentation everywhere, all cream and gold and hints of rich dark brown here and there.
“I am truly sorry about what happened to her,” he said to Sebastian and John in particular, “It must be a very tough time for all of you.”
Sherlock blinked, then quickly retorted, “No!” Then he noticed the wry grin on John’s face and smiled back, “No,” he repeated more gently. He heaved a sigh of relief as they left the study together and kept mum till they reached the room. “Get into bed,” John said, “I’ll use the bathroom and join you shortly.”
It gave all kinds of wrong signals to the other man and he wished he could take them back, but words were like arrows and they hit home just the same. “I was not aware of that strong sensory perception of yours,” the green-eyed man said with a shrug, “That is something I have developed over the years, along with my eyesight and hearing abilities. Still, I have no clue how you smell.”
Sherlock was energized and emboldened by anger and a chance to salvage whatever little self-respect he had left. In a stern but low voice he growled, “I said get the fuck out of my sight and NEVER dare to come on this property again. You have so far only seen my kind, loving, obedient side, haven’t ya? Well, you’d seriously regret seeing the other side. So James Moriarty, I refuse to give you any more money and if you try to meet me again, I don’t care about consequences. I shall go down if I have to but you won’t be spared either. You and your beau will go to jail.”
“You stay here,” John offered immediately, “I shall help him.” He slung Sherlock’s arm over his shoulder and helped him to the bathroom, but only after gauging his injuries and determining if he was indeed in a position to be moved. Eventually Sherlock used the bathroom while John stood just outside the door, holding it slightly open. When he heard the toilet flush he walked back in and helped Sherlock wash his hands and brush his teeth. Mrs. Hudson had brought a few items with her, a new toothbrush and a small tube of toothpaste, along with two nice, crisp and freshly washed hand and face towels and a tube of face wash. She had also brought his shaving kit.
“He is not a doctor. He has a doctorate though, he’s a PHD in forensic sciences, a scientist and chemist who works on several independent projects and also….involved in the criminology field, if rumors are to be believed.”
Sherlock was in short underpants. He looked at John, a bit dazed, and then at the sack of Chinese food, the bottle of Australian Rosé and the tub of ice cream. “Okay come on in then,” he said, “You’re staying here tonight it seems.”
Greg Lestrade knew the two sergeants were loyal to him, almost to a fault, and were mostly efficient with their job as well, but he couldn’t just stand there and hear insults thrown at his friend. “I know he is difficult to get along with and sometimes it’s hard just to be cordial towards him,” his voice was authoritarian and the two immediately backed off, “But he is a genius, a man who is one in a million when it comes to intelligence and analysis. As a criminal profiler there is no one better than him and as an investigator he is perhaps one of the very best I have known. His powers of deduction are awesome. Maybe it’s good if you guys learn something from him instead of just criticizing him.”
Only a few steps down from the porch, he saw a figure scoot away from the street ahead and hide behind some bushes on the side.
Just then he heard a roar, this was more animal and less human, and it certainly didn’t come from the room upstairs. It sounded louder, closer, somewhere on the same floor. Oh shit, John and Sherlock were in a room downstairs,
His vision and sensory perceptions slowly came back but those things didn’t restore themselves to the usual sights and sounds of the cave or the feel of Sebastian’s hunky frame collapsing over him. He saw himself in a different scenario, discovering a terrible truth about himself at eighteen, crying his eyes out over it, him and Sherlock deciding to cage themselves during that period of time every year. The one year that they didn’t…… and the consequences of that miss!
Neither of them were aware that Harry, one of Mycroft’s employees, had been keeping an eye on them for a while. This time around it was not because of his boss’s instructions but because he had been a bit suspicious of those two for a while. Somehow experience told him something was not quite right with those two. When he saw them head for the forest he didn’t want to waste any further time. He quickly went into the office and heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that Mycroft was still there. He was getting ready to wrap up and close down for the day but fortunately hadn’t left yet. “Sir, thank God I found you quickly,” he said in a pleading tone, “I need to speak to you about something. It is a serious matter but can be salvaged if we act swiftly. Actually, before we do that I want you to follow me up into the pine forest sir. We have to find out something.”
“We went through the data by day and client by client, matching previous and next photos…. I mean ‘before and after’. You see, Photoshop and Adobe editors, several other software can be used to manipulate photographs and sometimes people pay us handsomely to do so. For example this one where the couple wanted their wedding photo to look like they were standing atop the Mount Everest. Another one where a young man wanted his dad’s pic inserted in his graduation photo.”
“Nope, no-no-no-no,” Sherlock shook his finger in the air, “Macaroon keeps all my money, I will not give him this money, I earned ittttt! Look a bald kid.”
“I said NO,” John advanced on him, “You will NOT do any such stupid thing. You have no idea how these things work. People make mistakes…..”
“No, no, don’t harm them, they are nice girls…… they don’t deserve it….. you could both do better, it’s not you, it’s the curse speaking…….”
“Yeah, I know. My favorite. We can have it every single time, right? Hey, Ivan, yes, over here please. How are you my man?”
Jim was going to become Richard Brook. Moriarty would be ‘dead’ soon. He would surrender most of his enormous wealth and give Mycroft and Mi6 a dossier of some clients. In exchange he would be granted pardon, immunity, a new identity and the freedom to start his legit businesses. Sebastian and some other members of his web would get the same benefits. From time to time Jim would also engage with Mi6 and Mi5 work, under Mycroft’s supervision of course, and Mycroft was free to pursue his relationship with the mastermind as long as he didn’t work for him in an official capacity, thereby removing all conflicts of interest.
Sherlock had no clue why but the mere possibility of Jim paying him a visit made his bones melt, his skin crawl and his heart thump in his chest. Of late Jim’s behavior had been erratic and eccentric, filled with frustration, hate and demands. He could get Sherlock into trouble and ruin the whole thing with John.
“Malicious and very narrow minded comments were thrown at them, to be honest. But they were quite content living there and interacting only with the believers. Amongst them were mostly a band of gypsies and some people who were considered to be ‘old timers’ even back in those days, people who apparently practiced the English form of voodoo and consisted of colored people, a very rare community those days when we used to be lily white. Not happy to ostracize them for no reason, some folks started to deny them some basic help that anyone needs from a village/town they live in. when one got sick, they were refused admission in the clinic, they were refused medicines under the guise ‘Oh you mean the witch doctors can’t heal themselves’. When the poor man passed, his partner, not sure if she was his sister or wife, killed herself out of grief and loneliness. He was all she had.”
“You didn’t answer for yourself yet,” Sebastian waggled his brows, “What’s up with you and your sex life? I know you showed me a pic of the two girls you dated, Jenny from the high school days and later your neighbor Rachel.”
“Hello, what’s the matter? Oh is that you Greg? Are you all right? Oh those boys….hello, boys are you okay?”
“In that case,” Jim suggested, “I’ll just go up the pine forest and fetch some of the animals for our experiments. You think your brother will stop us?”
“Is that so Mike?” John gave the somber man a startled glance, “Have you verified any of these things yet?”
Once again Sherlock found himself tongue tied. He had tried this before, while dining in a gourmet restaurant with John or while swimming in the swimming-pond together, even while they lay in bed watching a movie, but none of those times he had been able to truly speak up.
Sorry about the delay in posting. Real life took over as usual. Will post again in the middle of the week.
Sherlock’s eyes turned towards her, “Then why doesn’t John cut him off? It looked like they get along very well.”
Sherlock agreed to accompany John and Mary to the concert that evening. Mary was to show up at Baker Street, which she did right on time, but there were no signs of Sherlock. All the while John kept texting Sherlock, asking him to hurry up. Sherlock didn’t answer him and after a while Mary asked him to stop texting. “Don’t bite his head off, he’ll come downstairs when he’s ready,” she said kindly, “He doesn’t really attend such events so he must be wondering what to wear……oh!” She stopped and, following her gaze, John turned around to look at the door.
The rest of the day and most of the evening passed uneventfully. But there were several things that made the green-eyed youngster slack jawed in awe. Sherlock realized that living on this estate and in this palatial house was no less than enjoying a stay in a premium five-star hotel. The lunch and dinner served there were all seven course meals. There were six refrigerators in the galley. The chef in the kitchen actually took orders and whipped up whatever was asked of her. He really didn’t have to lift a finger, all his work was done for him at the mere twitch and snap of two fingers.
But the next week, as Sherlock continued to avoid him and John continued his roaring affair with Sherlock, the annoyed and disturbed Phillip Andersen became desperate and pulled out all stops to find out who this guardian angel was. After several efforts he found the same woman whom Greg met at the café and from her he found out who Greg was and where he lived. The very next day, Phil left for Paris and went straight to Champs Elysée. Using a different name and an excuse of personal grooming and seeking a life coach for a short period, he visited Greg’s office which was located in a posh building on the famous street. He didn’t get the address where Greg stayed but at least he found out what the man did.
That had surprised even Sherlock and he made a muffled sound, before his eyes fluttered shut and he gave in to the feelings that were,
An hour later John had sold back the car for full fifteen thousand extra pounds to the same man who had conned him six weeks ago. He quickly called one of his ‘hired hands’ and said, “Come over and take your ten grand back, plus two thousand more for your services. Thank your boys please and thank you too.”
“Yes John?” The valet was the only one who was allowed to call him by his Christian name. The man had literally brought him up and played with him, fed him and bathed him. John trusted him and allowed him liberties no one else got.
As soon as Mary had left Sherlock grabbed John’s hands and said apologetically, “I don’t know what got over me. I shouldn’t have asked you about the value or price of the ring nor mentioned the show-off thing……” John stopped him and shook his head, his tone genial and his expression amicable and friendly. “No Sherl, I realize I shouldn’t have surprised you like that. How would you have known I had expensive items on me? No one knew. Mary and Mike thought they would be vital for me and my new life/rehab etc because I was practically disconnected from the previous one…. Hence nobody knew, not even you. I won’t hide thing from you in the future, I promise.”
“Yeah-Yeah-Yeah,” Culverton snapped, “Don’t sass me. You still work for me and I can fire you anytime I want, remember that.”
She smiled, “Um……” “I know,” John was irritated, “I kept things from him. He keeps things from me. I am as bad as him and he is as bad as me, we are both rotten, and now I have a feeling he will miss his own birthday party and I will cut a sorry figure before Mycroft and…..shit.”
Ok so John got to know. But he knows wrong of course. Will you forgive him if he completes the task he set out to do before he had lost his memories?!?
“Very well,” Jim relented, “I will tell you but remember, this is a story and I can’t vouch for the veracity of it in any way.” Sebastian joined him on the same rock where he sat, “Believe me, I won’t force you to do so!”
. If you think carefully enough and remember the conversations, I never claimed to have cooked anything at home. I only mentioned the rice while we were eating dinner and even got praised for that. Everything else that was seen, heard or understood were pure assumptions from our guests. I can’t be called a liar for that!”
John saw a retinue of servants standing there like a reception committee to welcome them. He looked at Sherlock, remembered how he had been laughing at his friend and Sherlock seemed to know all about his household and ways, then both he and his mate burst out laughing.
“A woman who’s jealous and obsessed does better research than FBI and can be far more persuasive than any detective. See, I told you what she really was. Someone who’s trying to make her life better, an ambitious woman who doesn’t want to work her way up but marry her way up. I was right all along. So why don’t you trust me now and get in touch with her before she comes down to our doorstep.”
“Yeah,” Sherlock said, turning his wrist proudly, “It’s my birthday next week. He gave me the gift a little early. We went out last afternoon, watched a concert, then shopped and bought gifts for each other. He got me this Longines watch and I got him a limited edition Mont Blanc Personalized pen.”
“I haven’t had enough time to find all that out yet…..” Sherlock began when Jim leered at him evilly. “I am sure you know. If he’s started to show you off as a possible partner then I am totally sure he must have at least shown where the jewelry and expensive art are kept.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened this time. John sometimes used words to arouse him, pep him up, urge him on, but these words….even John was shocked by how he sounded and how easily those words had rolled off his tongue. He grabbed Sherlock’s cock and started to jerk him off.
The sentence didn’t need to be completed. They both understood the implications and neither wanted to make any imaginative statements around that. Hoping for the best while being prepared for the worst was the order of the day.  As they sped towards the nearest airport to take a flight and then take a chopper ride right to that remote place where the couple’s hotel was, Jim decided to ask Greg a question he had at the top of his mind. “Just hypothetically speaking, if Sherlock is a free man again then will you wish to be with him, as a partner and boyfriend? I mean, are you going to tell him you love him and be his comfort and support as he grieves for John? This whole hurt-comfort thing can be a good way to bond, you know.”
The next day the announcement of the holiday was made and everyone, including Mycroft and Roger were happy to hear that. It prompted the elder sibling to gift them a special surprise, a helicopter ride to the location from the nearest airport.
Sherlock was lying between John’s open legs, his back plastered to John’s chest, a glass of wine in his right hand. He took a sip, gave John a sip and whispered, “Aside from a sore arse and a perpetual feeling of being ‘drained’, I think every bone in my body just screams ‘happy’.”
“This is the watch we are talking about,” Sally showed the photo on the watch company’s website, “This one. Costs half a million and was a limited edition model from last year. Only fifty pieces created and it sold out in six months, proving we have some serious spenders. You sir, are someone who bought two, not one. You gifted it to someone as well.”
She relented but only a little. “Very well,” she said, “I will call the Ranger and speak to him. But I’d say try not to walk along lonely stretches of countryside roads and the highway at midnight. This isn’t a big city like London and while I am sure all of our residents are squeaky clean, there are many travelers and tourists and vagabonds who pass by. Whoever tried to stalk you or attack you might not even be around anymore.”
Sherlock grabbed John’s hand, “You were in my brother in law’s grooming and social engagement classes? That’s why you were missing for a month?”
Jim sighed and allowed Sebastian to draw him into an embrace, an affectionate but asexual one. After a prolonged pause he murmured into the other man’s ear, “And I am so very glad you weren’t……”
And what an amazingly spectacular orgasm it was. Jim went red from forehead right down to his abs, his voice cracked from all the yelling and he kicked and slapped things away, sending them flying across the room. As more and more semen escaped his cock and landed on his belly and chest, Jim almost hyperventilated until Sebastian shushed and soothed him into calmness, letting him enjoy he aftershocks.
Sherlock looked dazed still, “Yeah… I suppose so. Did you watch a porn film named ‘Santa’s Gift’ lately?”
“I would be more comfortable if we found out the exact cause of death and who, if anyone, was behind it,” said Lord Edwin, “After that, based on facts proved and put on the table, we can relax and continue to live in peace in our wonderful town. Imagine, if this is indeed a psycho?”
“No. I won’t. She could call too. Why don’t you advise her to do the same? I know for a fact that you send her cash every month.”
Bing-Bang-Boom-Crash-Bonk-Clang-Tring-Scrunch-Tap-Tappity-Tap-Clank-Ding-Dong-Thud-Splatter – One could hear all sorts of sounds as chairs and tables and beakers and jars and bubbling solutions caused a merry little cacophony in our little Baker Street flat. I looked up from my work and frowned, “And I thought I was the one upset because I had to work right up to Christmas Eve. All because of the days I take off to be part of our cases around the year. Naturally I am made to repay the kindness of my fellow doctors who stand-in for me several times earlier, by filling-in for them during this festive season.”
“He very well might have,” Mrs. Hudson smiled and replied gently, “He is a thirty year old man and naturally it’s time for him to settle down. I am sure even you want him happy, you want to see him married to someone who can give him the support, love and status he deserves. He is he son of a wealthy and reputed man, himself an achiever and highly educated, nothing but the best for him!”
Sherlock closed his eyes again but even without seeing he knew John’s eyes were glued on to him. He could feel the stare. “What do you mean
Sherlock blushed and looked away, eyes lowered and his heart thumping in his chest with an untold delight and vigor. The murder, that nasty bitch Donovan, his anger at being brought to a small town, the boredom he anticipated there and every other thought had left his mind by then, replaced by only John and his desire for the man. How badly he wanted him and that too less than twenty four hours after meeting him. Sherlock had never learned to be diplomatic and hiding his feelings wasn’t his strongest forte. Before he realized it he had blurted out a few words to the handsome priest. “John, how about you and I have lunch tomorrow? I know this really nice place…I mean I saw it today and wanted to eat there, but it didn’t seem any fun doing that alone.”
“Take my word for it kiddo,” she put her leathery, thin hand over his knee, “Reconcile with them. Not all families are great and some are outright toxic but at least you should give it your best shot to make things alright. If it still doesn’t work, walk out but with your head held high.”
Sherlock stiffened completely atop John and spilled out his release over him, throwing his head back and spreading his thighs even wider apart. John grabbed his balls and gave it a squeeze, coaxing out all that he had as his younger lover groaned through his second orgasm. As soon as Sherlock was done, John realized he had cum too and not even concentrated on those moments. It had been spontaneous, pleasurable but remained in the background of Sherlock’s climax, subtle in its manifestations. But the aftershocks more than made up for it as John felt himself come apart and then piece back together again, spasms running through each and every inch of his limbs.
It took Phil almost thirty seconds to process that information and the shocks that came with it. He really didn’t know any other good dishes here and truth was that he didn’t even know the sous chef Dasha too well. He had just tipped her once, when she was revealed as the chef behind the tasty dish. Ivan and the other waiters indulged him because he was a regular and he was really no connoisseur of Russian cuisine. Once he understood he was on thin ice he stared back at the waiter in stunned silence, as if his whole world had disintegrated around him. For some time he couldn’t say a word. All he could do was open and close his mouth several times, look around self-consciously, smile foolishly at Sherlock and John and then glance once at the kitchen door. Then he turned his eyes back on Ivan, “She-She has left and the cocktail is not available either. How about the borscht and olive and potato salad…….”
“You called me here to tell me that? I appreciate the acknowledgement but I must get back to work now…..”
John gave in and came, finally surrendering to the pleasures and needs that he had kept at bay, but only just. Letting the levee break was such a good experience, he felt almost overwhelmed and satiated to the brim, every part of his body disintegrating against the brute force of his orgasm and then piecing back together again. The shattering climax made him scream out Sherlock’s name and chant ‘Oh I love you, I love you so much’ several times and each time Sherlock responded with the same sincere words ‘I love you too, more than words can express’.
“Remember, this is Christmas time. A time to heal, love and forgive. Don’t get upset about what I am about to say, okay?”
Sherlock blushed slightly. Actually he blushed rather easily, his pale and smooth skin acquiring that roseate color whenever John said something complimentary or something with a sexual innuendo hidden within it. Often John made such comments out of the blue, just to see the colors flush those exquisite cheekbones.
Sherlock let out a screech that sounded suspiciously like John’s name before he shuddered so hard John almost got thrown out. He grabbed the base of his dick and shoved it back inside, thrusting madly as he chased his climax.
In a week’s time John already began to feel like a new person. Rigorous training but mixed with fun elements made him look forward to his lessons rather than be put off by the 16 hour days with his new mentor. Greg was an immensely interesting individual, very knowledgeable and witty, and it was a pleasure to learn from him. His methods were on-the-job, kinesthetic and diagnostic in style, perfect for adults. He was not preachy nor prescriptive and made things sound simple and easy, besides always offering a logic behind each instruction he gave John.
“Nightmare come true if you ask me,” John said grumpily to the only friend he had, his former flat mate and now his neighbor, Henry Knight. They used to share an abode earlier but, thanks to the success at their jobs and the subsequent ascent in their financial position, they had bought a flat each in the same building. John’s flat was on the fourteenth floor, Henry’s flat was on the sixth.
They both began to laugh at that, John a bit nervously and Mike giving a full belly-laugh, until someone popped their head in through the door to check what was going on. John immediately grew sober while Mike welcomed the person, a young woman in her early thirties, into the lab. “Come in Molly, meet Dr. John Watson, former military captain, a surgeon who might join us very soon, as soon as next week. John, this is Molly, pathologist and a good friend to all, she’s Miss Popular here!”
Craig sighed, “I know. Listen, why don’t you take a quick nap after taking one of these pills. They work well if you don’t move around much and take rest. From tomorrow they will make you work as a mule is worked, I’m sure. At least make the most of today’s grace period and sleep all you can manage.”
“Very wise decision indeed. I wish I was twenty five years younger. But I am ninety-one now. A few days are left still, just pray my wish is fulfilled.”
“I love him truly. I can die or kill for him. Unfortunately it seems all I can really do is such extreme things but not everyday things like asking him out, asking him about his likes and preferences or even purchasing a nice gift for him that’ll bring a smile on to his face.”
John raised both hands and brought the conversation to a halt. “It’s okay, I will do the cleanup myself. Thanks a lot Mrs. Hudson. I won’t keep you then….I am sure you must have a lot to do.”
He had to cross a small picket of guards who didn’t allow the residents to cross that line between their area and those of the administrative authorities. At any time three were always manning the area, two mostly armed, a watchdog along with them. All three of them held him back with much difficulty and one even threatened to release the dog on him. But John wouldn’t stop at anything, not after he had heard Sherlock. Suddenly one of the armed men stood up and raised his rifle at him.
Before John could think through too much, the interconnecting door between the two rooms opened and in stepped a very naked Jim Moriarty. He looked sated, sexy and sweaty but John was hyperventilating by then. “Jim please,” he looked away, “Put something on.”
“Oh God,” Sherlock panted, wiped out from what was his fifth time of that day and night, “I can’t even move a muscle. I give, I cannot….. what…. Jawnnn, JAWN!!!”
Along with them were three women, Molly, Irene and Anthea. Irene and Anthea worked with Sebastian in his current business of Surveillance and Security Services, as his PR officer and Brand manager. Molly was John’s colleague at the Barts hospital, a pathologist there.
“Yes Sherlock, I have called the press already. My office will find the number and name of the minister who leads these initiatives, must be someone associated with Mi5 or county inland security. They will be here in no time.”
The two men were about to leave when Sebastian and John came looking for them and Seb raised his right arm to draw their attention. “Hey guys, over here, where did you both disappear suddenly huh? We were looking for you all over the fair grounds and as we tried to……..” Whatever else he wanted to say was drowned again in the animal sounds as the beasts and birds started to screech and caw and roar again.
“It’s hardly after dinner. It’s nearly eleven thirty in the night. Anyways, now you know what your Easter presents are going to be this year.”
For the next three days he had been in bed, sick with a cold and flu. Anyone would have considered him crazy but John felt it was the most natural thing to do.
Then he realized he was in the bedroom, but not on the bed. The hard ground beneath him was marble, not the earth and the soft cushion was that of a thick rug and not the grassy lawns. Of course there was no food anywhere nor was the mischievous Jim rabbit or Oz Mycroft. John had become human and had a human body right now and was laughing hard at him. Affronted and bewildered, embarrassed as well, he sat up and looked around. Everything else seemed normal. Okay, so it was a dream, a hilarious and impossible dream with Alice in Wonderland characters and the Hansel and Gretel ‘eatable’ house. “What’s so funny?” He asked John, offended at the way he was being laughed at.
He squeezed the perfect arse and pulled Sherlock closer, kissing him hard on the lips. Sherlock melted into his arms, aided him as the pajamas and the robe over his shoulders was swiftly removed, and lifted one leg to give John easy access to the sweet little hole that was twitching in anticipation already.
“I never said it was a one-time thing. I would like to help people as much as I can and this lady needs my help. I am sure when you meet her you’d know there’s no need to fear.”
As he fucked into her and saw her shut her eyes tight and open her mouth wide in ecstasy, something just seemed to snap inside him. She no longer looked attractive, she looked weirdly funny like that. But no, it was not her fault, it was his. He was getting these really odd things crammed into his head. Instead of her smooth skin and curves, he wanted more flatness and tight muscles, longer limbs and a hint of hair, he found himself hankering for hardness and tautness instead of the feminine softness and delicacy she offered. She was too wet there, he wasn’t able to feel much at all, her moans made him irritable because he couldn’t concentrate, oh dear, he was beginning to lose his erection.
No text can be enough to describe what they explained to us and after repeated attempts we chose not to elucidate that further. Maybe some thing were better off imagined/unknown than being brought forth in the harsh reality of a truth that 99% of us can’t readily accept. We humans are so limited by ‘the known’ that we often pretend ‘the unknown’ doesn’t even exist.
They both entered the room and Sherlock stopped in his tracks. The man seated on the bed was not any ordinary patient or a regular young man; he was a good looking person indeed, of medium height and athletic in build, a rather fetching blond man whose eyes glowed with an inner intelligence that was very attractive! From a first look Sherlock could decipher one thing – he hadn’t been a nobody before. This fellow had caliber, had charisma and definitely status.
In less than a minute she had cum, turned on by John’s utter need to connect. But John, even though he was just as excited and aroused as her, couldn’t bring himself to a climax. Five minutes passed, then ten, and he kept up at it in the vain hope that he would empty his balls inside her any moment. They always used a condom so he wasn’t worried. But the orgasm came up, then receded, leaving him frustrated. Only thing was, Mary was enjoying herself and had started experiencing new tingles of arousal, pushing her towards a second climax.
“You think I can find out a 100 things about someone with a mere look and I can’t tell what’s going on with you?”
“Never mind. Sometimes a relationship should be called off for the right reasons than continue for all the wrong ones.”
Mrs. Hudson sighed, “You are right. I didn’t look at it the right way. I can’t make Sherlock’s future shock-proof or grief-proof or anything like that. It’s about taking a chance, no matter whoever he chooses to be with.”
“Um…. Is it alright if I take a look at the papers in detail and sign them only after John is back?”
John knew better than to do that! Oh well, it was only noon and he was almost back home. It could have been worse. Like that time when he was detained twenty-four hours or the time he found himself taken to Switzerland! A half scowl on his face he parked his car and rushed upstairs, hoping that Sherlock was still at home and not taken up any case. Taking three steps at a time, the super-fit doctor reached the flat in no time and flung the door open. “Sherl….baby boy…..pumpkin….I am
A snore answered him. Sherlock had fallen asleep sometime during John’s roughshod treatment of him. Clearly he was a tough nut and far more resilient than
Jim snarled at someone ‘I am busy’ and said sweetly into the phone, “So have you found out something yet? His mum’s jewelry? His father’s not-so-favorite painting. His grand uncle’s expensive watch or diamond ring. There could be so many things that no one is looking at anymore. They won’t even look for them, maybe they don’t know some of those items exist. You could start picking up a few and I could…..”
“No doubt it has,” Greg said through gritted teeth. Without a further word all four jumped out and gave chase. While Sally and Phil went over to cover for Sherlock, Jim and Greg intervened and stopped John from causing any harm to an innocent man.
“Very nice to meet you,” Siobhan said, then she gave Sebastian a hug and added, “I wish we had met under better circumstances but for now I suppose this would have to do, coming together as one team to help two people we all equally love and care about.”
Sherlock took the flowers and tossed them on the kitchen counter, right next to the sink. Then he put the rest of the food on the kitchen island and said, “Yes, you can clean up the table. I shall keep the arm in the refrigerator.”
“Say it, say it, say it,” echoed the others. John, even after being black and blue, hadn’t lost his spirit. He turned and looked at the leader of the pack and grinned through bloodied teeth, “Okay! YOU ARE A BASTARD.”
“Yeah it sure is. Is there a light or something in the basement? Oh yeah, two of them, I located them. Wait a moment, will switch them on.”
“Your diamond monogrammed designer underwear,” Sherlock said, absolutely confident that this was all about Jim’s ego being bruised over a stolen expensive piece of undergarment, “As you can see I am not wearing it. I personally don’t prefer those teeny tiny briefs, I am more of a boxers man and…..oh, your sniper is here.”
“Yeah and I will tell Myc there’s nothing from my side but good wishes. I hope he gets the life I didn’t get with John.”
not a virgin, she had had several relationships before, but I suppose she has already told you so, she’s an honest person who doesn’t fake it,” Sherlock muttered.
It felt amazingly good. A little painful but good. And it got even better as John started pounding into him like a man possessed.
Once again a pall of silence descended over them and they kept stealing glances at each other and fidgeting with their hands and objects they held in them (cell phones, house keys, laptop bags). The train sped on and their destination arrived, both men trooped off on the platform as usual, without exchanging a further word. Sherlock was disappointed but he couldn’t bring himself to actually ‘ask’ John out, something he so badly wanted to do. After all they were both men and either of them could do the ‘asking’. It wasn’t the typical case of boy courting girl, where mostly the onus lay on the boy to ask, pursue and plan things in the evening. It was strange, Sherlock thought as he and John walked on side by side, how women let men lead the way initially and then took over everything later, including the ‘leading’ job.
John revealed what happened in painful detail and spoke eruditely. Every second of his blasphemous experience was counted for and every moment was described threadbare. Sebastian was less prepared to do so and stuttered through the first part of it but eventually picked up momentum and gave us his first hand account of how he acted and reacted and what happened thereafter. There was a striking resemblance in their accounts, one aspect being totally common. Both had made use of the knife and there had been a moment when both had wondered if they were about to lose the men they so loved. None of us asked them questions, the answers we had got were too much for us to handle and process. It took us over an hour to regain our poise.
Their prolonged sex coma would have continued well into the post-noon hours on Monday had it not been for a call from Mary to John, stating that he had a visitor. A bit unsteady on his feet, John came downstairs hurriedly after a customary morning routine of brushing and washing up. When he heard Mycroft Holmes, his lawyer, was here he frowned with bafflement. Mycroft’s visits were often irregular, usually once or twice a week, but sometimes work kept him away and he didn’t show up for up to two to three weeks. However, whether it was frequently or sporadically, Mycroft never showed up unless he had taken an appointment. He was very, very professional and meticulous that way and very organized.
John held his breath. He didn’t want Mycroft to meet his grandma very often. Things could get difficult for him. But there was no way of stopping him without rousing suspicion so he said indifferently, “Yeah, alright, very well then. I shall see you soon.”
Shedding off the last of his fears and worries, embarrassment, scruples and inhibitions, Sherlock took off the swim trunk and went totally nude as John began to make that intercom call to his valet. In a shiny glass sheet before him, the green eyed man saw John stare fixedly at his naked butt and back as he lay down on top of a towel he’d draped over the recliner. He purposefully chose that position, so John couldn’t see his erection yet.
But as morning gave to afternoon and afternoon to evening, he grew restless. What if Sherlock didn’t return that night? What if he didn’t return the next day either? God damn it, it was the man’s twenty eighth birthday the next day.
Their bodies gave a great jerk and Sherlock screamed out his climax, spilling an enormous amount of his load all over John’s belly and fingers. A second and half later John roared out with pleasure and emptied his balls with a series of spectacular guttural groans. He tensed up hard and then shuddered even harder, almost throwing Sherlock off himself.
, I actually meant that. Maybe my past has been buried in the proverbial sands of time for a thumping good reason. Maybe I didn’t have a good life earlier.”
“What a way to identify someone….yes, the one who employs snipers and slits throats and puts semtex vests around people. James, Jim Moriarty, or muffin….as Mycroft calls him.”
“Sorry,” John moaned, eyes closed as he let go of his over-sensitive cock. He hadn’t expected that premature orgasm but Sherlock’s hungry hole growing bigger and bigger around his invading fingers and slowly sucking the digits in had been too much to resist. “Bad news,” he kissed between Sherlock’s shoulder blades and traced the knobs on his spine with his tongue, “I did cum before I got inside. Good news….actually there are two! One, I came over your rosy arse and this looksreally pretty! Now I can use this as lube and finish what I had started.”
A pained and low groan escaped him. His thoughts turned suicidal. The fact that he was now free to enjoy his fortunes, that he was truly worth about twenty three billion with no further obstacles like his nana’s terms and conditions or any obligation to marry, didn’t matter to him any longer. Nothing mattered to him any longer. He had given up, he was happy to give it all up and just…..
“I could sleep on the love-seat by the window or the couch in the anteroom, if you’re not comfortable,” John said hesitantly, sitting up suddenly.
“What for?” Sherlock asked, waggling his brows, “I don’t think I have achieved anything of late. At least nothing different has happened, no deviations to my routine. I have been working and having sex with you every night, yeah, that’s about all.”
“For as long back as I can remember you have tried to break up my relationships,” John seemed more amused than angry, “You have deduced things about my girlfriends, like how they have seen me in first thing in the morning or seen my clothes inside out and lying on the floor, what kind of underwear I prefer or the sort of shaving habits I have. I used to always wonder how you knew all those things about me, like the inside pocket of my jeans or the fragrance I prefer.”
“What’s the matter?” Sebastian asked and turned, following John’s gaze. Mycroft and Greg stood there with two women in their late twenties, both well-dressed and with a marked resemblance to their loves. One had Jim’s bright and deep eyes and the other had Sherlock’s angular longish and pale face.
“Fuccckkk,” John said leaning over Sherlock’s groin to push down his pajamas and release the hard length that was trapped there. Sherlock had stiffened remarkably quick, considering how engrossed he was in making that confounded pemmican. John swallowed the head and started stroking over the shaft and instantly drops of precum poured on his tongue while Sherlock’s stifled moaned filled his ears.
Sherlock did an eyeroll and winked at John who seemed taken aback by her sudden arrival. ‘Answer her’ John whispered to Sherlock who responded with a, “Yes, in 15 minutes.”
“This is not even a case,” John moaned, “We are wasting our time here and all because of your guilt towards her. When you married your nemesis you felt you let her down in some way.”
“Sherlock,” he spoke in a voice hoarse with desire, hoping he got a ‘yes’ for an answer, “Can I try something new this evening?”
, I won’t regret it heavily. I’m glad to be known as your husband and work for you, where you do see I can contribute quite a lot really.”
“N-No, please, don’t go, I-I want you t-to stay,” Sebastian stuttered, his brain already on a tailspin as his cock started to dictate it rather than the other way around.
Precisely at that moment there was a text on John’s phone. The good doctor, still a bit shaken from the incident, looked at the text and read it out aloud. ‘Bubble and squeak stands for Sherlock’s bubble-butt and Johnny boi’s squeaky fucks as he plays in his own spunk – JM’.
Sebastian frowned, his grin also vanishing fast as a sense of unease settled over him. “Why did you have to remind me and spoil the fabulous mood man? My guy had promised to call too and didn’t. does that mean they are having second thoughts? No, no, no, I am sure it’s something other than that. They might be genuinely busy with work or some other family commitments, chores and errands.”
“Jacob,” Sherlock turned to his lawyer, “Call the press. Call London and the higher-ups, file for a right-to-know-information document.”
John tried to get up, tried to speak, but a groan escaped him and he fell back on the bed, everything spinning around him. “Please,” she rushed up to him, “I said,
. I have no compassion whatsoever for any of them. They are a bunch of noisy, brainless people who were annoyingly intrusive as well. Imagine I am playing the violin in my house and they complain to Mrs. Hudson saying, ‘Those two need to put their house in order’.
“Thank you Mrs. Hudson. Some biscuits too please, and a banana if you will. I haven’t eaten anything since breakfast and I doubt he’s cooked any dinner for me.”
“Is that all or do we see romance blossoming there? I know you’ll say you have kept people at home before but none of them were a young, debonair and charming man. If you have no time for romance or relationship then how come you have time to spend with John Doe? And had you been in my place and saw me getting attracted to some stranger with a blank canvas for a mind, memories washed out and no particularly mentionable past……”
, only a few feet from him. “Mr. Moriarty…. I didn’t know when….. how did you get inside…. James?” He stammered, trying to back off but the back of his legs hit the kitchen chair and he fell rather than sat on it.
Mary’s eyes lit up and she grinned from ear to ear, her tone livening up at the mention of the man she had once fancied, albeit until she knew that he batted for the other side. Still, John had been a bright spot for her at her workplace and she remembered him fondly. “Hi yeah, I do remember him,” she said as she led the two sisters towards the hallway that led to the nurse’s station and sitting room, “But he’s not here anymore, he was discharged a month and half ago! In fact, now that you mention I just remembered that he’s not been here in the past one week. He has his treatments every week you know, with Dr. Emily Mortimer. Can I get you girls some coffee or tea?”
Sherlock was engrossed with the microscope and didn’t answer. John helped the landlady to her flat and shut the door, waiting till he heard her put the security lock on, then walked back to his flat. He had to be at work a little later than the usual hour, but even then it was only eight and half hours away from now. Grabbing six hours of sleep was very crucial for him, as it surely affected his concentration. There was a surgery he had to perform in the afternoon, not too complex but still he couldn’t slack on such things.
“Please, you have to wear two hats here. One would be the responsible citizen’s and the other a family man’s. You are their elder brother, if you can’t help them then who will? We have given up, there is simply no way out of this curse. We have gone to wizards and witch-doctors, to priests, spiritual groups and members of occult groups, we have even tried psychotherapy but nothing has worked. Nothing at all.”
He turned towards Sherlock for an explanation while Mycroft was his usual reticent self and only made a cryptic comment, ‘If my brother was upset I’d have flattened your face but since he’s happy, hello John’. John lamely shook his hand and turned to an amused Greg for an explanation and the latter quickly stepped inside and closed the door, guffawing at the whole situation. Now that he was assured there was no damage or misunderstanding between his protégé and his soon to be brother in law, he could relax, breathe easy and throw some light on the whole matter. “Sit down, all of you,” he ordered gently, “Allow me to explain a few things here. Myc, you know it all because I filled you in during our ride here. But maybe you’d still like to listen.”
, the three items must have set Eugenia back by about by about two and half thousand pounds. John knew the Holmes family was wealthy, but even then it felt wrong to accept such a pricey gift. “They are just ….amazing. But really, Mrs. Holmes, I mean Eugenia, you didn’t have to gift me anything. Three items are a bit much.”
“The exact origins of this curse is not known to me, in fact I doubt if the first one to carry this curse knew what was happening. There was a couple who lived in the once swampy area west of the lake and many people spoke ill about them, more because they did alternate medicine and therapies which put doctors and nurses and drugstores out of business, sort of.”
Sherlock choked a bit and answered haltingly, his voice cracking up at some points, “You-You shall al-always h-have that…. Jawn. I-I am not angry at you, I’m in fact truly-truly sorry about your suffering. I wish some of that could be reversed. But I promise you, my very own brother will be your lawyer and he does manage to pull off some miracles pretty often, yeah!”
Sometime during the day he would text Sherlock and ask how he was, the reply would mostly be one word. ‘Bored’ or ‘Busy’ or ‘Reading’ or ‘Out’.
“Maybe by talking to the boys and helping them accept and recognize something is wrong with them. Then we will get cooperation from them to deal with this, don’t you think?”
Sherlock somehow felt very flattered to be called John’s boyfriend so, even though he almost objected to that premature assumption, he didn’t eventually protest. Instead he smiled happily, more at ease now. Once he had understood this man was not hitting on him, it made things look much better and simpler. Mike was perhaps just the sort of person who loved to talk a lot, he wasn’t someone with the wrong intentions. “I am pleased to meet you Mr. Stamford,” he returned the greeting cheerfully, “Would you happen to know if John is away on a business tour or if he’s unwell? I haven’t seen him around for a full fortnight now, so I was a bit worried and decided to find out.”
“Good,” Greg Lestrade lit a pipe and asked, “Do you smoke?” When John shook his head he asked, “What if I say being cool is related to holding a pipe?”
John sat, flipping through a couple of brochures, one for Ford and the other for Volkswagen. He wanted to buy a car. A year’s service at the Barts and a low-rent accommodation meant he had managed to save up quite a tidy sum. Time to splurge a wee bit. He needed a car, the commute to and from Barts was not too much, hence there was no need to use the forever-crowded tube or face the hassle of a cab.
“Myc was saying there are no legal ways of implicating them and since they are in USA now, about to get their green card thanks to some strings Sebastian pulled, we are even more at a disadvantage in terms of taking actions.”
Together they walked to the office Mike occupied and settled into two chairs. The chief practicing nurse in all of Mike’s surgeries and a very good ally, Mary Morstan, was also present. After greeting him pleasantly she was the one who started the story and the request thereafter. “You see Sherlock, we know it’s only been two weeks since you lost someone you cared deeply for,” she said softly, “If this seems too much at this point in time, please feel free to refuse. But Dr. Stamford, I and your off and on shrink Dr. Mortimer feel that it’s important that you get back into what you do best – work and helping people. While your Uni is out for another month at least, helping people and being involved in their lives needn’t take so long.”
Sherlock was delighted to see the support from everyone, all those people who had once shed doubts on his choice, on John, on his condition. Now it seemed he was completely surrounded by people who were actually happy with his decision and were encouraging him to follow through with it. Hesitations about the ring lingered on in his mind but Sherlock knew the engagement was to go on. He wanted this, he wanted this man. They’d discuss the ring later.
“This is delicious,” John said with a look of wonder on his face, “It doesn’t feel much different. Oh wow, Sherlock did all of this? Since when has he been helping you out?”
Anthea took out her lighter and whipped her head to the left when she heard a sound. Like someone was scratching.
“Then what can we do? What should we do? Greg and I are not magicians. You think I am enjoying this task, do you think I…….” Mycroft trailed off, unable to continue. For the first time in his adult life, he had choked up. Usually he was the picture of poise and restraint.
Once they were in his tiny but neatly appointed cabin, she leaned against the desk and said, “What are you doing this weekend doc?”
“I can understand why,” Sherlock responded evenly, “But for a man like you, whatever I have observed so far, I am sure you will find ways to cope.”
“Guess I am sorry too,” Irene replied with some humility, suitably chastised by the boss and her friend, “So, what are the things we’re gonna see at the village? I know we will need at least three whole days in the town and two excursions/picnics to the hills. One day at the resort. Makes it six days only. We have eighteen to spend.”
Well, not entirely so! “Men in dark suits, starched white shirts, those expressions on their faces, you guys are not exactly keeping it discreet either,” John added, taking a sip from his coffee which Mycroft had handed to him.
“Lockie,” Eugenia said, “Did you really steal from your brother and buy bike on your own? Daddy did say you have to wait for it and….and you’re not supposed to steal.”
Sherlock rested his bicycle against a tree and looked around himself. It was past five and since the month was November, the days were getting shorter. It was twilight already and darkness would descend in another half hour or forty-five minutes.
“No, no, no, no, I can’t take chances, I must go as soon as possible,” he was already trying to make his way down and slipping and sliding. Both of them gasped, fearful that he would lose a foothold and just plunge to death right under their noses. “Wait, what did you really mean with those things you said?” Sebastian called out to them.
The interview didn’t go very well according to John and he came out a bit disappointed and disheartened. The HOD, Robert Royce, was impressed and pleasant, encouraging and accommodating, but the two others present were almost determined not to let him get a foothold.
“Hugh took it out for a walk. Stopped for a smoke and let it go do its job in the woods nearby. Suddenly he heard a whimper and went over to find the dog’s throat had been slit.”
“Going home now,” he picked up the briefcase and gift package with a sigh, “Talk tomorrow. Have a good evening and take care of yourself, maybe head home sooner than usual, give yourself some time to relax and catch up on sleep. Mornings are always wiser, believe me.”
Eurus and Mycroft warmly greeted the retainers while Sherlock stormed out of there. Eurus was about to chase after him when her father stopped her. “No need. He will be back when he needs something, like dinner? He has always been like that, so leave it. Just ignore.”
Jim interrupted him wickedly at that moment by waggling his brows and flashing a wide and an impish grin. “And the sex is good,” he whispered raunchily, licking his lips, “Real good, oh so good, it’s better than good, so very good……!!!”
and your whimsical ways. Mike told me about your history with drugs and for a former addict to just go in there, unaccompanied, it’s dangerous. Would I have enjoyed being there? No. Would I have still accompanied you? Of course
The growling and snarling and sounds of things falling had stopped suddenly. When the two men entered the respective bedrooms where they had left their men, they found the rooms trashed but totally empty. In both cases the windows were open and flapping open and shut in the strong breeze that blew in from the lake.
Phil quickly intervened, “Boss, you heard him. He thinks we are jerks too. We are officers on duty and we don’t need to listen to shit. We’ll be back armed with evidence next time.”
“It’s not just one sir, but two. One of them you know. Your cousin. The other gentleman came with him and when he saw the photograph on your desk, he was quite surprised and said, ‘If my friend Sherlock is here then I’d like to see him’.”
“Ah I see. And you have done your chemical engineering from one of the best institutes in the country. You even got placed through campus recruitments at Castrol, with a fat salary and enviable perks, yet you declined them and chose to rough it out instead for the past year.”
Sherlock sighed, “Myc, this is not ‘my house’, this is as much your house as mine. We both grew up here! Am I not welcome in your house on Mayfair in London? The same way, you have a say in whatever happens here at Hilltop Maison. As for Mrs. Finch, her family is actually very happy to see her sheltered by someone other than them. They won’t create any problems at all. If you see her, talk to her, trust me you won’t be worried for me. She is a very kind-hearted and affectionate woman. Her breakdown was due to the loneliness she was subjected to, especially after her beloved husband died after 50 years of marriage, two years earlier. There is no other strain of madness or being violent, if that’s what’s worrying you.”
Still there was a part of him which refused to believe this man. It was the affectionate elder sibling in him that kept making excuses on behalf of Sherlock and even Jim. He had known them all through their lives and never had he even once suspected they could be contaminated by a curse or be tainted in their behavior and character. For him they were little boys who could do no wrong. Yet there was a rational and responsible side of him which knew something was wrong. Those two were always suspiciously close to the events that had taken place. For example, he knew Sherlock returned home pretty late the previous night. He knew from enquiries with the innkeeper that Jim was there until very late
“But isn’t this a bit too big for London roads, the parking problem and all that?” John asked Sally who was hard-selling it.
The lake was stretched between the rugged rocks all around, dotted by small islets and jutting boulders polished shiny by the waters. There was a town visible on the other side of the wide lake, the New Becket Village stood at the foot of this very hill, there was greenery here and there and it all added up to a beautiful combination of patterns and colors.
“Seb, you might be my boss but I gotta tell you the truth the way it is. The unpleasant fact is that you have been blinded by your love for James. I am sure you know as well as I do that those two men are either magicians or they are just two cruel people who have found some unique ways and means to kill and injure for sport. This ends today, now, here. Allow us to get to them, they are inside, we know it!”
“Do you know what John went through? You don’t know his side of the story. Let me tell you bits and pieces of it, at least. After you left he had a nervous breakdown, an attack of anxiety that got him straight to the hospital for a whole week. After that he was in rehab for a month but he ran away from it and attempted suicide. Back in the hospital for a fortnight and then he was committed.”
Sherlock was nine years old when he developed a serious tonsillitis problem. After several trips to the doctor and at least six cases of cold and sore throat and fever in just a year, his parents eventually took him to a well-know ENT specialist who recommended that they do a tonsillectomy on the child. On the day of the procedure, Eugenia and her mother Magda accompanied him to the clinic where they tried to prep him for the next steps. “Be a brave boy Sherlock,” said the grandmother, “Cooperate with the doctor and do not panic, okay, just d-do not-not…um….panic!”
“Bossy as you always were,” Sherlock grinned and complained good-naturedly, “But my submission and presentation to the executive-council of sponsors and the National Laboratory of Research and Development respectively isn’t until next week.”
“In that case, what are we waiting for?” Sebastian always loved his tipple and he was hungry too. Sex had worked up his appetite and his hunger pangs were slowly increasing, shortly they were going to start bothering him.  “Maybe some fish and chips as well and a nice blueberry pie or something?” He suggested as he smacked his lips, “My lunch is digested already, I can’t believe how much I am eating here.”
“He was traveling last week or else he would have been straightened out sooner. I straightened out all the others who used to misbehave, not only with me but with others in the office.”
Sherlock gave her a smile, “I hope so. It always does, but that doesn’t mean we don’t suffer while it’s happening to us.”
The detective felt a mish-mash of excitement, arousal and apprehension. He knew whatever John was going through was not natural and he hadn’t thought in a million years he would have to bear the brunt of his own experiment. His knees shook a bit as he stepped out of his clothes and got into one of the racy underwear.
At some point Sherlock whimpered and shifted and John stopped moving. But the detective showed no real urge or signs to wake up so a few seconds later the horny older man was able to safely resume his deep thrusts.
In spite of all the things that had gone wrong between them and the natural and gradual erosion of his feelings for Jim, plus the burgeoning affections between him and John, those words hit Sherlock harder than he had expected. He felt let down, betrayed and cheated upon. But what he felt most was self-pity. He had been fooled by someone just because he had fallen in love with the man. He felt ‘used’ and ‘duped’.
They both burst out laughing. “Some people,” John shook his head, “They don’t mind dirtying the water. Such a beautiful lake and…..” He paused as they came towards a small bridge. Suddenly he had a flashback again, where he saw himself grappling with a man. The other guy was trying to take his wallet or his pouch bag and he had the other guy in a choke-hold. They moved backwards, pushing and pulling at each other, the back of their legs hit the guard rail on the side of the bridge and then……
The old man and several others intervened as they started to beat up John mercilessly but despite the whole effort, they dragged John away from there and shut him up in what was called ‘Black Box’, a cell that had a small pigeonhole and nothing else, a twenty by twenty room where offenders were locked in for 24 hours, without food or water. “Not again,” one of the men whispered into the old man’s ears, “Craig, this is the third time in two weeks. Does this man have a death-wish, huh?”
Mycroft was not the nosy kind so, even though he raised his eyebrows, he didn’t say anything nor did he ask any questions. John realized he was making a mistake the moment he uttered those words though. Mycroft must not know. He simply must not. I have to cover this up in some way and put forth an excuse. “Actually a benefactor,” he clarified, “Someone I owe something to. They haven’t asked for anything and they shouldn’t have to, I’d like to do that on my own, by my own volition.”
Sherlock felt his heart leap in his chest. John was in his ‘civvies’, a pair of light blue jeans and a dark green T shirt on top. With his hairs casually rumpled and a friendly grin on his face, the sunlight streaming down on him like a ‘blessing’ from above, he looked young and fresh and very, very gorgeous. His eyes were sparkling pools of chocolate and his features had softer contours than the usual angular sharpness he saw in people. It made John appear approachable, kind, interesting!
Those beautiful almond shaped eyes were closed and Sherlock’s lips were slightly parted, he was breathing through his mouth. His lips were dry. He was probably thirsty. John made up his mind to give him water as well as a Chapstick.
John did a facepalm, “Okay, so it’s all my fault now. Fine, fair enough, I am wrong. But how exactly have I been wrong? How have I wronged you? Just give me a hint.”
Sherlock realized how that had sounded and quickly corrected himself, slightly blushing, “I mean, why did you spend so much on a ring? I am not really one for outward show or prices.”
John went from normal affection to casual curiosity and finally full-fledged desire as Sherlock stepped into the tub and knelt between his open legs. But instead of settling between them like he usually did, his back to John’s front, he bent down and took the older man into his mouth. The soft and floppy dick stiffened on his tongue in a record time of five seconds and Sherlock felt John’s steady pulse throb at his dick, leaping up and growing hard as a rod as a burst of musky, virile scent leapt to his nostrils. John thrust up, unable to keep his hips still as Sherlock began to suck on him.
“Jawnnnnn,” Sherlock’s body gave a great jerk and his hips pushed up involuntarily. John bore down at the same time, driving straight into his man, his balls slapping noisily against the milky mounds of Sherlock’s arse cheeks.
Various thoughts swirled in his mind right then and his brain went into hyperactive overdrive. Sherlock was someone important to him, someone he wanted to protect and not just from enemies, but also from all forms of hurt and disappointments. He was someone whose friendship and presence he cherished and had gotten rather used to, and the absence of it would turn his world upside down. He was not ready for that! Inviting Mary for the Christmas Eve dinner had been a big mistake! He had to put that off for a later time, a better time. Not today, no way. He had to call her and cancel, make up some excuse, probably spend New Years Eve with her to make it up to her, but
The two men continued to talk, oblivious of the presence of the three others in the vicinity. “We need to keep our families out of this,” Sherlock suddenly panicked on hearing Jim talk about Mycroft.
“Yes, yes you are. You will keep haunting me till the end of my days. I paid those guys to let me go from the institute. I want to die at home, just like my nana. It’s not too much to ask for, isn’t it? Will you cry for me then Sherlock? Will the real Sherlock cry for me or will he be happy?”
The chief didn’t object. One of his men drove the duo to their downtown Parisian hotel. During the journey John sat with a livid expression on his face while Sherlock kept looking at him again and again through the corner of his eyes.
Alone with Sherlock for the first time, John felt overcome by emotions as he remembered his days with Sherlock along with his earlier life. Gosh, had he known better he’d have acquitted Sherlock in his own way.
John watched, mortified, as the same eyes that used to stare at him in utter adoration now looked at him as if they were afraid of him. Not just afraid,
“So then,” Mrs. Hudson hesitated, “You see Myc, you boys have grown up and I don’t want to be hanging around you like a dead goose whispering in your ears. I have told you what I feel. I am not against John, I just feel Lockie is setting himself up for failure embracing a total stranger who’s a stranger even to himself. Now I am leaving it with you, hoping you’d do something? If I say anything out of turn…..”
“Or the nice Chinese-Thai restaurant that you always love to visit for a working lunch or an early weekday dinner. This ongoing exhibition that you’ve bene thinking about dropping into, perhaps buy a thing or two. There’s this really nice exhibition close to my college, neo-noir art, really nice stuff on display there…. Or so I have heard. It would be nice to go and see them, especially in someone’s company.”
He called John on his cell phone while he did his search. The phone kept ringing and no one answered the call. “Oh damn it John, answer the call tonight for Christ’s sake,” he shouted in a frustrated manner, “You really need to change your plans tonight.” The call went straight to John’s voice mail.
It will be slow build....by my own standards LOL! Be patient. When smut happens, I promise it will be hot!
In less than an hour John had Sherlock shrieking out his third orgasm before he finally allowed himself to cum once more. He emptied his balls inside Sherlock who was streaked with residual ice cream, cum and lube, shuddering and groaning in afterglow. He tried to stay awake and share some pillow talk but the long bath and three releases proved to be too much and the younger man was asleep before he knew it.
Sherlock gave the answer in his usual style, no words but a slew of seductive actions. He thrust his pelvis up and stroked his bare chest provocatively, then stretched his long legs and pretended to think hard. This left John was in no position to think or listen, as the sight of his slow striptease completely hijacked the good doctor’s attention. As the silk parted and more white limbs were exposed, the doctor stiffened so fast he was afraid he was going to faint from the rush of blood down south. With a supreme effort he managed not to shamelessly palm himself over his trousers.
“This is so beautiful, so sublime and serene! How can they say this place is cursed or dangerous beats me?” John asked in wonder.
Over that week John kept putting him in his place and every single time he was humiliated or snubbed in Sherlock’s presence, Phil got angrier and angrier with John. He completely missed the point that Sherlock was attracted to John and naturally he had no business being a spoilsport and sticking to them like an unnecessary third wheel on a bicycle. He just did what he always did, he blamed someone else for his own inadequacies and idiosyncrasies. It struck him as odd that John suddenly seemed like a society gentleman and a corporate bigwig rather than the silly simpleton that he used to be.
“No,” John stood up, ready to leave, “No, I am not staying here a moment longer and listening to some plan for murder.”
“Sherlock? Baby? What’s the matter honey? Wake up. You’re having a nightmare! Snap out of it now, open your eyes!”
Sherlock hugged him as a good friend would do, resting his chin on top of Jim’s head. “I worry about you Jimmy. I just don’t want any harm to come to you. I just don’t want anyone, not even our family members, to ever get to know who we are…. Who we could turn into. If they do get to know, the village people or the townsfolk, you do realize what could be done to us, don’t you pal? Yes? Then you gotta be careful.”
She looked around, a bit dazed and disoriented, when her eyes fell on something at her window. It was two glowing eyes and a dark figure but she saw it for only a flash before it was gone. Vanished! She quickly went to the window to look but couldn’t see anyone or anything.
“Then it shouldn’t seem like you’re forcing,” Pierre waggled his brows, “He is thirty now. You’re even older. By now people would have slept with at least three people and been in and out of two relationships. This is regular affair, just as we eat and sleep we make love.”
“Oh you innocent little lamb,” John mocked him, sneering at him openly, “Someone forced you, someone fooled you, someone misguided you, it’s always someone else who is the aggressor and manipulator and you are the innocent victim huh! You really want me to believe this nonsense? Then you don’t know me. I might be a nice man but I am not stupid.”
“You are right!” John exclaimed, “Now as I think about those moments, Sherlock doesn’t even get a chance to agree or disagree.”
His head held high and walking very erect, Sherlock entered the sitting room a couple of minutes later. He was frowning and had a stern expression on his face. Prepared for a battle, he gazed at the three faces and was taken aback by what he saw there. Sally Donovan seemed to be chewing her nails and looking away. Phil Anderson clearly looked a bit miffed about something and was also avoiding eye-contact. But it was their leader Lestrade’s expression that was strangest, in Sherlock’s opinion. The man seemed a little desperate, vaguely guilty even, as if he knew he had made some kind of a grave error. Softening his stance, he said, “Well, I am here now. What is it that you wanted to talk about….. Superintendent???”
Sherlock sighed. So even Mrs. Hudson hadn’t given him the answer to a simple question like ‘Is it a good idea to make John feel special on V-Day or will it be too cheesy?’
“Yeah, Monday to Friday, every single day. 8:40 in the morning and then…. Whatever train I take in the evening. He’s always there!”
“Me? Oh no! I didn’t overreact, in fact I haven’t even reacted yet. He did, John did, as he usually does whenever things go wrong. And now I don’t even want to work with him. How dare he do this to my brother? Thanks a lot Greg, I thought we were friends, in fact you hinted on more than once occasion that you’d like us to be more than friends. You wanna side with him, then we are over. Never try to meet me again.”
The group were not really ready to hear the verdict against two people they loved and adored. “And yet, there hasn’t been any deaths in the past two years,” Mycroft piped in defensively. Eurus quickly added in an attempt to justify, “True, even three years ago when some murders did happen, but there were not so many, nor have their been so many cases of complaints.” Siobhan immediately put in her two bits, “It must be because of some anomaly….. right? I mean, something must have triggered these reactions, probably because someone behaved aggressively with them……” Marvin shook his head and gave them a belly laugh, taking a deep breath at the end of it. He placed the cigar on the cigar dish and leaned in closer to the two women, taking their hands in his.
“I will answer this question when it’s the right time to do so. Until then, I request your cooperation, support and in some ways, your excellent company.”
Sherlock stared at John in complete and utter amazement and fascinated delight. He was the same man, the same person and yet there was something so different about him. He seemed taller, straighter and healthier somehow. His cheeks were glowing and so were his eyes. Happiness and confidence radiated off him in buckets and for some peculiar reason it made Sherlock horny as hell. His breathing grew heavier!
“But we want to help you, we want to sort this out and get you and John back together again. You guys are genuinely good for each other, you brought out the best in John when you were there and after you left he’s become this empty shell of a man with no life left in his eyes….”
“What’s wrong with me? Me? Oh, you mean US, right???”” Jim asked with a snarl that scared even Sherlock, who himself had a beast within, “I am surprised you ask them. Ten years ago, all the wrong things in the world happened to us in one rush. We never took it seriously then but it was true, we were cursed. A single dose of anti-tetanus shot and two doses of anti-rabies shots did take care of the superficial wounds we had but what about the poison that entered our lives and minds right then. The dying creature’s last words which only we both heard, remember?!?”
John’s mind was still focused on the sleeping Sherlock in his bed so, even though it seemed a bit rude, he still tried to end the conversation and send Mycroft away. It was a Monday so surely the man had work and wouldn’t expect to be invited for lunch. “Well, your bonus pay for winning this particular case will be transferred to your account in a couple of days. Maybe one of the weekends we can meet at the club, have a drink, play a round of pool, what say?”
At any other point in time Sebastian would have been raging hard and on the verge of cumming, as he used to be earlier with Jim. Though his feelings and powerful attraction towards the Irishman had not diminished even a bit, that night he had the butterflies in his stomach and a weird sensation in his chest, as if it was tightening with emotions.
John pointed to not one but two different suits laid out on the bed. One was charcoal grey in color, a tuxedo complete with a bow-tie, with a proper broad belt and sash. The slacks beneath were narrow and entirely formal in their cut and fall. The other was a light green blazer with a semi-formal thick cream shirt and pair of off-white comfort fit trousers made of fine silk and wool blend. There was also a small velvet box between them, as was a single long stemmed rose and a box of expensive Belgian Pralines, Sherlock’s favorite. “Of course these clothes can be laundered too,” John said timidly, feeling as if he should apologize for something, “I can ask them to take it but maybe later….. I sensed your embarrassment and didn’t want the clumsy waiter to hang around. I have a laundry bag with me, just put the things in it and we’ll leave it at the door…..”
It took about twenty minutes but Sherlock brought them both off again. They produced trickles this time instead of a deluge of juices but the intensity and effects of it were just as much as the earlier times. As Sherlock fell on top of John, already asleep, the doctor admitted silently that this was by far the best sex he had ever enjoyed in this life.
“As for the umbrella, English weather you know. I somehow felt it would suit him. He’s tall and subtly elegant, attractive so the colors of the brolly…..”
“Look for him,” Greg said to the two assistants, “Look for him. He must be down there, I am sure. He must be hurt or unconscious, look for him and you’ll find him.”
Mary exhaled, “I hope you’re not questioning my generosity or my emotions Superintendent, because neither of them can be logically explained. I did what I felt like doing, there’s no vested interest or anything else here. He had lost his memory so I felt sorry, that’s all.”
Soft, lingering moans came out of Sherlock as he lay on his back, John on top of him and thrusting into him, slow but deep.
Turned on by that tone of authority and the use of words, Sherlock nodded vigorously and pushed back with all his might. John slid in deeper and bellowed out with pleasure as Sherlock’s inner muscles clamped down on him, squeezing him so good that he had no opportunity to hold back the peak that loomed closer. “Fuck, Sherl, I am going to cum…. Oh fuck, I’m cumming,” he stalled, then made a few erratic thrusts before his semen flowed into Sherlock once again.
Whatever remaining feelings and emotions Sherlock had, ones which were holding him back from slamming Jim for his selfishness and conniving acts, evaporated in the scorching heat of his harsh words. “Very well,” said the taller man, “In that case you’re here to beg, as usual.”
Sleep be damned. I need to have him. “Sherlock,” John nudged his side, then slapped his rump, “Sherlock!”
“We’ll look after your business, homes and of course you’ll be our friend when you’re out,” Sebastian said with a brave smile.
Sherlock gave him a faint smile now and then and at one point even asked him if he was enjoying his meal. But Phil chose to scold the waiter at that precise moment for not refilling Sherlock’s glass with the Iced Tea they were drinking and John’s response for drowned out. At the conclusion of the meal the blond man enthusiastically tried to get a word in and suggest that they order a plate of Finnish style apple crumble but Phil jumped up and showed his watch to Sherlock. “Hey, you will be late for your classes and I have a group of clients arriving in the next ten minutes, to survey the campus. I guess we should get going right away. John, I suppose you can finish the apple crumble on your own. Mega thanks for the meal by the way, it’s not often that someone treats us to a hundred pound lunch.”
Still, he needed to return her calls, especially since he was aware she had met Sherlock and the two of them had talked. So, deciding to use this time to calm her down and also check on her, he closed the bedroom door and pushed the button to return the call.
“Oh please,” Sebastian stopped him, “Don’t do this now. We came here because we were ready to save the love of our lives. Backing off at this moment isn’t an option. Yes there is a risk, equal parts for both sides, but I’d say this should still be given a try.”
“I don’t get it Jawn. The clause said I would have sex with you on request. So that was only a kiss and nothing that broke rules or clauses. I didn’t mind. But it seems you did. Did I repulse you or was it something…. Something you regret?”
The great detective had everything, to put it in simple words. A brain that was unparalleled, a profession that adored him as much as he adored the profession, fame and reputation, money and respect, even a fandom that fantasized about him and his work and even his personal life. Thanks to his colleague, housemate and lover John Watson’s blog and books, he was now a celebrity. They both were. There were T shirt and diaries and even small chibi dolls of them which sold like hot cakes. The proceeds from them were mostly managed by Mycroft and John, who bothered about smaller things like money and investments, while Sherlock continued to do what he loved to do – His chemistry experiments and inventions and purging the world of crime.
Once in the room John gave him an earful and Sherlock stayed silent and listened. No matter whichever accusation or threat was thrown at him, he didn’t object or respond. He acknowledged his mistake of provoking a madman, staying back to nab the criminal without a backup plan in case the first one failed, and apologized for putting John’s life in danger as well. But towards the end of that near-monologue John delivered, Sherlock said something that diluted the situation completely. “There is something really sexy and powerful about watching a man get this violent just to save someone else. It puts my theory to test, my theory that suggests one needs to have a criminal bent of mind to be violent or brutal.”
John remained quiet for the longest time before he nodded near imperceptibly and whispered, “Karma will get to them long before they have finished their journey. You are right, I won’t be the one to stir a hornet’s nest. It’s not worth our effort and the risks it involves.”
“Mary helped me,” Sherlock spoke in his smooth baritone, which somehow contrasted sharply with his softer look and made it sound even better than usual.
He wasn’t as hard-hearted as Jim was and the mere thought of his darker side hurting someone in his own family was revolting, it was a scary thought. His voice wavered, “Whatever happens Jimmy, we must stay clear of our families, all of us, including those who work for us and of course Greg and his team. I am saying this because…..” Jim stopped him at that point and agreed with him wholeheartedly, “Oh you don’t need to explain,” he said with a smile, “Of course family is family, friends are friends and Greg is like a brother to both of us. As for the others who live in close proximity, the death or any attacks on government workers, police etc will go straight to the Mayor and then the Mi5 or the state police will step in.”
“God, I sure hope we are not too late,” Sebastian scrambled towards the stairwell, “John, go-go-go, nowww!!!”
“No, no, no,” Jim held his sides and laughed on while Sherlock waited impatiently, tapping his foot on the floor, “Ooooh, the delusions of grandeur you have Sherlock! I was laughing at the fact that you think we are in a relationship!!!”
“Was that good?” Sherlock asked in a teasing tone, feigning submissiveness. He knew what it did to John and he was spot-on as the older man growled out, “It was excellent but stop gloating, now it’s your turn.” Sherlock grinned and batted his eyelashes, thinning out his voice as he replied with, “Really daddy?” That was it, that was the moment John’s urges tipped his controls over and he attacked Sherlock like a hungry wolf who had got his first meal in days. Ravishing him thoroughly and lavishing attention on him to the point where Sherlock came without a single touch, then once more as John entered him with only minimal preparations. “Stop,” he wailed, “I can’t anymore….” But John was having none of it. “You started lighting this fire, now you put it out,” was his clear mandate.
“Why would you do a job? With your new financial position you can fund startups and have a dozen of them of your own!”
“Mary,” Sherlock stopped just outside the shared room where John was supposedly in, “Tell me the truth about this man and your intentions behind suggesting he should go home with me. Yes I have taken people in before but none were taken directly from the hospital, always from the APS facilities. In this case what was the actual reason? Why this hurry to skip a step and not let him go to the shelter?”
After a good long swim John grabbed his ankle and dragged him under, making him surface a little later spluttering and choking. The two of them pushed and pulled and jostled in the water before a sudden maneuver made them come so close that going back was impossible after that.
“Nah. Because I love you and I realize we are destined to be together. What else can you say to two people who began on such a huge wrong foot and still managed to overcome the situation and, eight years later, still have feelings for each other?”
John was so busy experiencing a grandstand view of his lover coming in abundance that he didn’t even realize when his controls had slipped and he had begun to flow into Sherlock like a torrential downpour. It was a moment like no other, as everything around him dissolved into a mélange of colors and sounds, then retreated to the background as he was left with just two sensations, of himself climaxing and Sherlock taking the load! He went completely still, gush of warmth flooding Sherlock as he came and came and came, draining out so much and so lightheaded that he didn’t have strength left to keep himself upright anymore. Deep grunts left him as he kept cumming, the last few drops tricking out of him as he collapsed on top of Sherlock with a huge sigh and a serious set of shudders that ran all the way down to his calves and all the way up to his shoulders.
“Then I don’t want your deductive reasoning on my dates, my love life or my friends and girlfriends. If there is something not so good about them, let me figure that out for myself. I am no babe in the woods, I am a man in my early thirties and I have dated in the past. If I choose wrong, then I shall happily accept the suffering. Besides all that, do remember this is only a date. I am not proposing to her.”
“Thanks a lot for you expert advice but I believe that people are to be trusted and dealt with kindly, even though I don’t discount the ‘being careful part’. Maybe because I am a teacher and I can’t be a butcher, like you expect me to be. Anything else Superintendent?”
The waiter had been waiting for this. He uncorked it and using the brief moment when both men got a start due to the sudden popping sound, he pitched forward slightly as if he had lost balance and the bottle had slipped partially from his unsteady hands as the moisture on the surface played truant. A stream of the foamy liquid landed on Sherlock’s shirt sleeve, torso and his lap, making him yelp a bit too loudly. Not only was the dousing unpleasant but the shock value of realizing John was doing exactly what Phil had predicted added to the anxiety and sadness of the young man.
. Sherlock was not content to have exposed the killer, he wanted to save two people in his custody and also take him down personally.
No one looks like that in a house where someone had just passed away and where people are supposed to be in deep mourning. This is about something else.
A few hours later they had a window-side table at Romano’s and were merrily drinking some rosé while eating their way through a caprese salad and some bruschetta when John asked Sherlock a question. “Purely out of curiosity I am asking you,” the doctor began, “But I don’t think you know anyone at Romano’s, do you? We have tried in the past and have been refused. Then how? That too on this day?”
“Jimmy, Jim-Jim, stop, no, don’t do that,” Sebastian stepped between a near fainting Irene and the beast that was swiftly and lethally approaching her, “Please for my sake, don’t do this love.”
“There, their car,” Jim pointed as Phillip Anderson drove them, “I can see their car. It’s the same car make, model and number that the hotel fellows gave us.” Sally exclaimed a prayer in happiness while Phil followed Jim’s instructions and swerved off the trail to get to the parked car. But there was no reaction from Greg and when Jim looked at the man he saw him glancing very thoughtfully at the text message he had just received. “Greg?” He asked a bit loudly. “Huh, what?” Greg blinked as if he had only just heard Jim and said, “Oh yes, their car. Hurry up Phil, we don’t have a moment to lose.”
Sherlock and John stumbled out of the car together, drunk. Twinkling street lights, Christmas carols playing in stores, the sight of people walking about with huge shopping bags told them the festive season was right there on the doorstep, but right now all they could think of was the case they had recently solved.
“None at all. They went out for some space show….or some celestial activity that needs to be viewed through telescopes and all that, probably had dinner at some Italian eatery and then Sherlock came back, alone. I know they had Italian because I washed Sherlock’s shirt the next day. Saw spaghetti and panna cotta bits on his shirt as I put it into the machine. Anyways, you go along now. I’ll get you some tea soon.”
One more chapter and this should be done. Thanks for being with me during this journey. I have tried my best to give the boys a happy end eventually. Hell, I know this probably took way more time than I usually take to finish a story but I still hope you enjoyed the series! Cheers!
“Scotch eggs and fries on the side, your favorite,” John replied, “Fruit salad, beer, juice, tea in a flask and some popcorn on the side. Oh yes, tiramisu cakes, small ones. It’s a really loaded picnic basket, I must say.”
“Of what? What exactly are you warning me about? What do you think John will think if he gets to know what you’re really here for and that you and I have been together for two years already? Don’t you forget, Sebby is his cousin and his word will always hold over yours. Seb will tell John that you had asked him to lie and present me as his boyfriend.”
I called Sebastian Moran to complain about a breakfast casserole recipe he had shared with me. It turned out really bad and I suspected a conspiracy. He was trying to break up my marriage with John.
Greg bent down a bit to bring himself to the level of the car window and Sherlock’s face. “Hey, don’t pretend you have been wronged. You made a mistake and suffered the repercussions and punishment. The only important thing here is that you learn a lesson from this and never do something as stupid again. You threw away an amazing life and an awesome man’s love! But all that aside, I don’t want you to self-harm either. You seem quite out of it so I will drive right behind you all the way to Baker Street if I have to.”
. But things turned tail after I got commissioned outside the country. Suddenly they were both dead in a space of a month, Harry was back on the will, and she was the one who got that property I was so fond of…..I was the one who spent the summers there with my grandmamma.”
She ran to the window, determined not to allow it to rip her apart as it so cruelly did to her boyfriend. She would rather die on her own than let it be such a gruesome butchering of her body. With a scream she jumped and only then realized she was not on the first but the third floor of the hospital building.
Mr. Patterson had passed five years earlier after ailing for almost five years. He was seventy five then, nine years older than her. She had become so used to living alone that she didn’t even want to travel to Minnesota or to Ontario in Canada, where her elder and younger daughter lived with their husbands and children.
“Dasha no longer works here,” Ivan said dismissively, “We do not make Chicken a la Kiev anymore. As for Moscow Blitz, that’s off the menu today as persimmons are not in season and that cocktail requires the extract of persimmons.”
Dr. John Hamish Watson frowned the moment the lemon-haired woman stepped forward with a vanity case. Behind her the cameraman also focused his camera, set on the tripod stand, towards the thirty four year old billionaire.
Jim grabbed the cage in which two field mice and a beaver had been trapped in the usual compartments. He was very happy at the easy success, sometimes it took them hours and even days to get the right animals. Most of those critters suffered nothing but temporary captivity and some amount of discomfort and were let out again with minimum damages but one out of ten would have to be sacrificed for the sake of invention. Both he and Sherlock knew they shouldn’t but to invent systems and machines to stop testing on animals, they had to make some of those very critters their ‘lab-rats’.
…….John sighed, silenced the voice in his head and slipped under the covers. Almost immediately Sherlock rolled over and came closer, facing him.
. Sherlock had not spoken more than one word or two here and there and as the birthdays passed and the day when he’d go to school drew nearer and nearer, his worried parents had begun to wonder if their son was on the autism spectrum. No amount of visits to the child psychologist, speech therapist etc had worked in his favor and Sherlock, always bored and restless while alone and grumpy and violent during social interactions, continued his strangely mute existence.
“Mary is there,” he called out, “So is Harry and her partner. You have support there and the security personnel have been told to let you in. So there won’t be any problems.”
Mycroft didn’t speak to Sherlock for a year after that. Eugenia got up and walked out of the room that evening, stunned, and never mentioned it again. Reginald grinned, then said ‘Now now Sherlock, one must not say certain things in the presence of elders’.
“Well,” Mycroft raised his hips as Jim took him out and stroked him with a saliva slick hand, “Neither can I.” They kissed hard and Mycroft tried to access as much of Jim’s body as he could without stripping the man naked. He stroked, pinched, licked, kissed and bit him, marking his skin with several wine colored bruises. Jim began to moan too loudly and the older man had to kiss him into silence. Soon a tube of lube was pressed into Mycroft’s palm and when he looked curiously and with some amount of disbelief at Jim, the latter’s eyes glowed like burning coals in the darkness. “Yes, we will do the full thing here. I prepared myself with a dildo before we came to the pub so just slide it in baby!”
“Sleeping pill,” Mary said, pulling the covers up around him, “You need to sleep or you’ll collapse. If that happens there’s no way you’ll be able to look for Sherlock.”
He heard a scratch on the door, then a tap on the window, followed by a couple of footsteps on the roof.
“Thanks for this Sherlock, I owe this joy and celebrations to you,” John said towards the end of the party, when the servers were wrapping up and the last of the guests had left, “After a long time there was some festive cheer in the house and a subsequent laughter packed party. Sings of life, delight and love than the usual angst and bitterness that festered within these walls.” A bit taken aback, Sherlock tilted his head and asked, “You’re thanking me for a party YOU threw? Why would you not take the credit for that? This was entirely your idea and the arrangements were done by our friends and retainers.”
“So that’s why you were so eager for me to fuck him. All the while as I kept wondering why would you push your own guy into another’s arms….”
“Very well then,” Jim’s eyes had a glint from the evil plan forming in his head, “That is precisely what I shall do then. Harry the spy won’t even know how he got trapped and be left cursing his luck and also perhaps….. us. But who cares? The vultures curse and scream while the camels cross the desert without a care!”
“You don’t expect me to thank you for doing something that even you shall be a part of,” Jim said rudely, “Now go get me a nice Hazelnut Cafe Latte with almond biscotti and oh yes, get me a bottle of still water and some mints too.”
“No doubt Rosalie will ask for a date, at least for the engagement. I suggest you keep at least six months between the engagement and the wedding. It’s very crucial to get to know each other properly. While money is something everyone works for, wants more of etc, having a boatload of money can be a big deterrent to happiness. There are complexities that you’d have to handle. I can help, once I am back.”
Moments later he heard the elevator doors open and close and then the soft tapping of knuckles on the door. “Who’s it?” He called out, switching on the speaker. He felt the hesitation on the other side before a rather sweet, lilting voice answered, “James Moriarty, the English form of the Irish Seamus Murtagh. Colonel Sebastian Moran’s husband.”
“I am just imagining you. Every time I think you are real you just get a little further away from me. It’s like seeing a version of you through clear glass. I can see but whenever I try to touch you disappear, just as a mirage would. I don’t want to deceive myself, I am a man of science and not imagination. So yes, you are definitely NOT real.”
“But why did that bastard do this to me…..” John snarled, his internal angst still boiling. He looked at Sherlock with some shame and repentance and lowered his eyes, “To us…. I mean why did he do this to both of us?”
Jim looked like a wet dream come true, dressed in all black with his eyes lust-filled, his movements catlike and sexy, his cologne subtle yet tantalizing. His hairs begged for caresses, his full lips invited kisses and when he dropped his trousers and kicked off his shoes, showing that he wore no underwear underneath, Sebastian was almost orgasming on his feet. He had been kept waiting for almost two weeks and could barely hold himself back anymore. Once in the cave was nowhere near enough.
“So, what exactly is your problem? What do you need my help with? And, if you don’t mind sharing what you’ve known about me so far!”
Sherlock looked disgusted. “Let me introduce you to our domestic support system,” Eugenia announced, “This is head housekeeper Agnes. This is Ewan, her husband and also our groundskeeper, plumber and electrician. And that is Katie, she is our cook and apparently she can do some magic with food. Agnes, Ewan, Katie, meet my children…oh well, they’re grown up so meet my grown up kids, Mycroft, Eurus and that grumpy one over there is Sherlock.”
Anthea nodded, a bit worried about the situation as he surveyed the road suspiciously, “I think we were so lost in chatting and frankly, we are both slightly tipsy too, and we didn’t really track the direction we took from the bridge. I think we better…….” She stopped and stared at the darkness ahead, the spot where the road curved and they could see the beginning of the pine forests in the distance. It was the same spot where they had run over the strange looking catlike creature. “Anthea,” Molly clutched at her sleeve, “What is it? Did you hear what I heard. It sounded as if someone…. I mean something growled and hissed and moved between those trees there. There in the distance.”
We had moved from London (thought we retained the rather expensive semi-detached home in posh South Kensington) for three reasons. Dad had just retired and returned from Switzerland and the city’s polluted air worsened his asthma. Mummy wanted to stay closer to her sister Monique and her husband Graham. Our grand uncle Stoddart Holmes, a born again bachelor who looked at daddy as his son and us as his grand kids, had passed away at ninety-five and left a substantial amount of wealth and assets for us. One of them was this grandiose stately home and the other was a two hundred and fifty acre area of orchards and a factory next to it that created and packed a range of gourmet jellies, jams, wine, fruit juice and candied peels from the fresh produce.
“Sorry,” Sherlock said and rushed over to John, forgetting his anger. He was just very happy to see John back.
“Yes, he would have amassed the wealth, then his son got the title and started living off the estate and treasury,” the detective concluded. Sherlock was usually quite vain about displaying his talent of deducing accurate facts on a person’s life, habits and even secrets and he was never bashful before John when it came to accepting the praise that came for it. Talent like him needed an audience, however small, even if it was one person, and John never failed to appreciate. “You really know someone by just hearing their name and title, you’re amazing Holmes,” he said, “Yes, the value of his estate, which I admit has been managed pretty well and kept profitable, is nearly a million pounds.”
The next day was spent on the case but unlike the Count Bergo case, this one spilled over to the weekdays. John juggled his work as a surgeon and Sherlock’s sidekick on his cases, working himself to the bone, and by the time the end of the week approached, both men were so tired, exhausted and completely sleep-deprived that they were like zombies walking around in a daze. John was exhilarated by the case results, which ended with a nerve-wracking chase through the streets of London and a shootout, but he was also mindful that he was just incapable of performing surgeries in his current state. Fortunately for him, he had finished his quota for the week and the next two days were free.
“What do you mean…..” Doug could not finish speaking. He backed off, step by step, clasping his mouth in shock before letting out a loud and piercing scream of utter terror.
A priest was standing there, very young and attractive, with sandy blond hair and light brown twinkling eyes, a kindly and friendly smile and an aura that simply oozed sensuality. Even as he stood there in his robes and just smiled at him in a detached way, Sherlock could feel
John gave him a mysterious grin and said, “Maybe I should share with you now. Well, yes and no! I was here for a while but I did spend a considerable amount of time at ‘Sip and Bake’, the café on the Main Street. But not alone…..” He stopped for a few moments, acutely aware of Sebastian’s gaze on him, then added, “I met him by chance, at the drugstore/convenience store across the street from our inn. I don’t know why but the moment I saw him I knew I had to talk to him, get to know him, I-I just had to be close to him somehow. And you might find it very silly but the way he interacted with me…. after the initial hesitation of course, was just as warm and engaging as I had expected. He really listened, he really wanted to talk to me, he was interested in me just as much.”
“Oh no doubt,” Donovan added with a vixen smirk, “The freak would have never allowed anyone to assist him on cases if he wasn’t getting some…..you know what, from him. You refused to believe us when we told you earlier.”
Jim leaned in closer, “See, to know everything he owns you need to gain his trust. Pillow talk and sex happen to be very powerful in gaining ‘mind-control’ over a partner, especially one like John Watson. That man has probably not had sex or a relationship in quite a while.”
The guests arrived innocently and happily, no one except for Mycroft and John holding the knowledge of Jim Moriarty being one of the guests. One of the first ones to realize this scary fact was Detective Inspector Gregory Statham Lestrade, Mycroft’s better-half, who nearly fell off his chair when Mycroft asked when Jim would be arriving.
John patted Sherlock on the back, “Well done, especially that stunt you pulled by driving us through the closing gate doors. It was indeed touch and go.”
“We’ll buy you clothes and shoes and other items,” Sherlock explained, “For now, please see if these would fit. They belong to a cousin who is roughly the same size as you are, maybe just a little bit taller.”
“Seriously,” John laughed as they sat in bed next morning, with a tray of breakfast between them. John had got breakfast in bed. “You thought I was….. just because of that box? You tried asking Mrs. Hudson and Moriarty…. Why didn’t you ask me? Okay, don’t answer that, in your place maybe even I wouldn’t have. Sometimes it’s easier and more viable to speculate…. But don’t do that again, okay?”
The two men looked at one another and began laughing. At first Harry seemed dismayed but soon he got a grip over himself and decided he needed to explain and convince them, no matter what it took to do so. “Please listen to me,” he begged, “This is no laughing matter. I have known the boys for more than sixteen years. I was working with the previous Ranger who was a good family friend of yours Mr. Holmes, so I have practically seen them grow up. I wish them nothing but goodwill and happiness.”
“We do treat people with speech problems, insomnia, dyspraxia, PTSD and domestic violence. A team of therapists and counselors do this for free, as a contribution to the community.”
“Wine makes me very sleepy,” was what he said on repeat mode every single time John asked him what was wrong. Sensing that he wasn’t going to get any other word out of the man, John decided to cheer everyone up by getting them to open their gifts. “Good idea,” Reginald said as he got mugs of hot cocoa made for all with whipped cream as a topping, “Then we watch a family favorite, ‘The Guns of Navarone’. My wife still has a crush on Gregory Peck while I always loved David Niven and his style of acting and dialogue delivery. The boys loved the movie too, mostly because of the action they saw in it.”
At that precise moment another man, a decoy planted by the crooked Culverton, showed up and pushed John out of the way with his shoulder. “Hey, this is just what I was looking for. My girl would love it, you know. How much for this? I am ready to pay hard cash or do a bank transfer right away from my account.”
When John gave him the address Mike turned up his nose. “Sorry but that’s what I can afford on a soldier’s pension,” John said with good humor, “I need to eat and pay other bills too.” His former college mate seemed to agree but he had his own views besides. “We need to
