"If you keep trying to change my mind like this I have to say I agree with your methods." Tony told him and they continued to kiss for a while until Steve separated them and made Tony lay down on top of his chest so he could take a nap. It was more for Tony's sake then his own. As he heard his breath even out, Steve couldn't help but wonder how this two weeks would go for him and Tony.
“There is something there.” Steve told him. Tony looked at the building and turned on his sensors and he saw the heat signal.
"You're going to rest tonight Tony." Steve told him.
“How did you…?”
The little boy looked at him and the pain in those little eyes were some that he recognized on his own. The little boy moved and wrapped himself around him. He finally noticed that the people below had stopped screaming. As he came down Gordon looked at him.
“What do you mean?” Steve asked.
"Five more minutes." Tony groans out. Bruce gets one of the pillows and shucks it at Tony's head and that gets him up. "Damn it Bats." He says.
"I'm tempted to see that actually happen." Bruce told him.
"Why are we staying with Bruce Wayne?" Steve asked and he wanted to hit himself for asking that question.
Tony and Steve walked inside the building trying to find where the heat source was coming from, this was where Steve heard it.
"How so?" Steve asked him.
"Fine, I just…I just…" Steve doesn't say anything and looks out the window as Cassie comes and brings them their apple pies.
"Do you plan on becoming a widower before marrying me?" Clark asked.
"Clark." The two turned around to see Lois standing there.
"Of course you are."
"You know I would just be worried that you will be meeting Tony's fake family. Wayne is going to put you through the coals Cap." Clint said getting hit in the stomach by Natasha. "Ouch, what?"
"Bruce Wayne." Dr. Banner who was trying to locate where he knew the man now knew where he knew them.
"You know what I mean Tony."
“Are you…”
Since then Tony and Bruce exchange mail most of the time and built their friendship seeing each other occasionally from time to time. When they see each other it is really the only time that they are actually being themselves not putting on a mask for the public or for Tony' parents or Alfred. It happens for three years before Tony hears the news.
They arrived to the building of Lex Corp and Tony turned to Pepper.
As Tony flew back to his hotel room, he hoped the Boy Scout would get his head out of his ass. That and maybe Steve was turning him into a major sap and he wanted to see his best friend happy.
Batman walked to the meeting room so the original members could discuss what had been going on their respective cities the past month, it was a monthly thing for them. It was also to talk about any plans the bad guys could be planning in the big run that they needed to look into, new things for the Watchtower. It was a place Bruce could get information on the members without actually being 'super-creepy' like Flash tended to say behind his back.
"What about the villains your friends with, like Catwoman?" Tony asked, Bruce glared at him.
"The place is burning I have to help." Tony said trying to convince someone even though no one was there.
"Shut-up." Steve told him and gave him another kiss. "I don't like him; he gave you to drink after he came to get you." Steve told him. Tony snorted on his shoulder.
It had been three months since the day that Bruce Wayne took Tony to Gotham and Steve didn't like the man. He felt like Bruce Wayne and Tony had a secret that nobody knew. Not only that but the man had given Tony something to drink that week he took him to Gotham, right after he had come to Avengers Tower to get him out of being drunk. They had both gotten pictures with some girls acting incredibly ridiculous and of them making the paparazzi question things. When Tony had come back, he had been happy, really happy and Steve was just happy Mr. Wayne hadn't come back with Tony.
"Yes, just like Batman." Clark told him with a smirk making Bruce snort at that.
In the next chapter I will be moving a few years.
"Where are we going?" Clark asked. He and Steve had been cornered in Avengers Tower by half of the team and some of the JL team.
"You want to marry me." Bruce asked.
"He's going to be alright Cap." Dr. Banner told him.
"Alright, Mr. Wayne I can hold Tony if you want." Steve said because he didn't trust the man and okay it seemed like JARVIS did and Tony acted as if this was normal and how in the world did this man get a code to bust inside Tony's lab.
"Yes I know, there room is ready?" Bruce asked.
"Wooo-hooo, Hi Batsy my oldest bestest friend in the world." Tony said with a huge smile on his face that it surprised Bruce because the last time he smile like that was when he told Bruce about the Avengers moving into the Tower.
“What do you mean?”
"Very well Master Steve, shall we go." Alfred said. Tony grabbed Steve's arm.
"That sounds terrible." Batman says and Superman smiles. Before he gives Batman a quick peck in the lips that no one in the world would have seen.
"Hiding in the broom closet really Tony."
“No, fair,” Peter said. “Jarvis helped,”
"What exactly?"
"Well you better not wreck Bruce's heart or I will get Hulk to wreck you or I'll ask Thor." Tony said. Clark nodded; he knew that Tony was going to put it on him. There was a clearing of throat and they both looked up to see Alfred standing there.
"I was too drunk to remember." Bruce tells him.
"I know Pep." Tony tells her seriously.
"She is not, she is just very driven, trust me I have saved her a lot from falling out of windows." Clark told Steve.
"Did you not love her?" Bruce asked it was a bit uncomfortable because he didn't do feelings.
"Oh." Lois says. Clark was standing there looking at Stark wondering if he was saying a lie. Tony passed next to him but didn't even pay attention or showed any fact that he knew who he was. It might mean that Bruce was telling him the truth.
"You act like it's a bad thing." Steve tells him. Tony wraps his arm around Steve waist and smiles at him.
The four of them were sitting down in the living room of Wayne Manor and they all had papers around them.
"Hey guys." Darcy said with a smile sitting down next to Bruce.
When the music came on they both looked up to see Bruce and Tony coming up the aisle toward them. They stood in-front of the other and both couples looked at each other with so much emotion that everyone in the room could see it.
“I am,” Clark said with a smile that he returned. “I arrived to a little boy in our chandelier,”
"But it will be cool." Tony said.
“Alfred, where is Bruce?” Clark asked.
“Yes, let’s go,” Steve said holding the child close to him.
"Morning, Master Bruce, Master Tony." Alfred told them. He gives them plates filled with food, which all four devoured without any mercy. "All your suits are ready for tonight."
"No chance in hell, Brucie boy you should be a team player." Tony says.
"Oh I just come to congratulate you in your business with Mr. Wayne, Captain is nice to meet you." She said.
“NO!!!!”
"I want to dance." Tony told him. Steve looked at him and got a little shy. "You'll do great."
"They're staying here?" Clark asked.
"True." Steve tells him.
"Um…do you know where Tony is?" Steve asked.
"Oh you think he is going to be all big brother on you." Tony tells him. "Which technically I am older but still I get it."
Their second meeting was not a kind one. It was during the funeral of Thomas and Martha Wayne and Tony pretended he didn't want to go. But he did, mostly because Thomas had treated him incredibly nicely when they met. To Tony it just seemed weird to be in Gotham for the funeral it was raining as if mourning the loss as well but then he thought that the rain was normal for Gotham. He saw all of the people go to the little boy standing there and Tony could tell he was trying not to break down. He knew most of the people here, even his Dad in a way were just there for the publicity. Tony walked over to the little boy and the butler and stood next to him, before grabbing his hand and saying nothing at all. Before he left, he just heard one word.
"Is Miss Lane going to be here too, Tony tells me she is like Miss Everhart." Steve told him. Steve had met Miss Everhart and he didn't like her so much especially when she talked about Tony.
"Tony." Steve told him. "Please."
"I hear the good Captain calling." Bruce says with a smirk.
"No." Bruce told him and Clark smiled before he pulled out the box and opened it, but Bruce looked at Clark. "Are you sure?"
"Is Clark up already?" Bruce asked.
"It was great…"
“We’re going to the Doctor,” Steve told him. “Let’s bring him to the infirmary in Avengers Tower,” Steve said.
"Tony!" he heard Steve, but he ignored it.
"I guess, he knows you plan on doing it too." Bruce told him.
“Yeah…” Steve stopped when he heard something. “Tony, do you hear it?”
“Look at them fly!” Haley said and Bruce was looking around when he noticed something. He saw someone that he did not like, it was a mobster that was up in the scene and he had been looking into it. Tony Zucco, he had been dealing with drugs and as something came to mind asking for protection money. Something didn’t feel right and he hoped that something tragic wouldn’t happen tonight. He heard gasp and looked up to see that the female seemed to have gotten the loosed and had almost fallen.
"This won't be easy." Bruce told him.
"Now the security detail."
"Just like all of us." Steve told him and it was true their job was wonderful saving the world but all of them had a curse and it was the nightmares.
"Man I wish I could take you to Metropolis with me." Tony told Steve as he got his tie fixed.
"Really this coming from you."
"We could have thought of something." Steve told him.
"Don't placate me."
"There is no shame in asking for help." Superman tells him. Batman looks at him with a Bat-glare.
"I Anthony Edward Stark take you Steven Grant Rogers to be my husband when you fight for what is wrong, for when we fight because we don't understand each other, when you get lost in the technology, for better or worst; for richer or poorer till dead do us part."
Up in the Watchtower Clark was in monitor duty. He didn't like having monitor duty but it was kind of fun not having to be out there. He would be lying to say he was not waiting for Bruce to call up to the Watchtower. He actually got his wish when Bruce's com was lighting up.
"Martha." Bruce said.
"I know." Bruce said. They continued to walk as Clark had let go of his hand to put his hands on the back of his head and Bruce put his hands behind him. He was not expecting anything, but suddenly he didn't feel Clark next to him and he looked back to see Clark standing there.
"Yes, sir." JARVIS told him. Bruce smiled he had met the real human Jarvis and he had been a great man and the AI was just like that he may not be all human but he was great too.
"Excuse me." Steve told him, he did not think the man was blunt but then again if he was right Bruce was a bit like Tony in the hiding behind mask. Plus when he saw him again he noticed that he was not dumb at all as the papers pronounced him to be,  but pretty smart by the sharpness of his eyes.
"I doubt it; well kind of it's for our partnership Brucie wants me to check over the blue prints myself so I don't complain later." Tony said. Steve stops and looks at Tony.
"Well yes, I guess." Steve told him. "But I will ask him."
"JARVIS, you traitor I will reprogram you." Tony yelled as his head hit the pillow. Steve smirked and he turned around so he could go draw something up in the balcony.
Clark got off the ground and left the Bat-cave. He wasn't mad, he wanted Bruce's secret to be safe and he told Stark. No it seemed that Stark knew and Bruce actually considered the self-proclaimed genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist a friend when it took him year to even acknowledge they were friends. But it was fine with him if Bruce wanted his biggest secret spilled.
"Well, just so you know Lois is going to try and kill me since Vicky was the first one to find out about the news." Clark told him.
"It's a good time I have my own paper to write if they keep this up." Clark said and sat down right there next to him.
He gets his answer a few months later in the Manor watching television and he spits out his coffee when he hears Tony announcing to the world he is Iron man.
"Good morning." Clark told him. He sits down next to Steve as they get into their breakfast. They let their partners sleep in since they would have to put on a show tonight and both of them needed the sleep.
“Steve!”
"No, well Perry said no, but I doubt it." Clark told him.
"Bruce is good to see you again dear." Ma Kent said and hugged and gave a kiss on his cheek to Bruce. Who still wasn't used to the affection?
"I know." Before he returns back to Gotham.
Oh these boys.
"People were too fake." Tony finished for him.
"Yes I do and so do you" Steve told him and pulled him down for a kiss. Tony responded very enthuastically and smiled in the kiss.
"I want him to say yes, but it is a possibility." Clark said.
"Wow, what's wrong Tasha?" Clint asks.
"Hey Cap." Tony says with a smile and Steve turns around with a smile on his face.
"I was stretching." Tony told him.
"Clark?"
He was currently typing in the monitor room checking what was going on in the world, when something came in.
"I'm very happy for you." Pepper said. "I know Steve is going to make you very happy."
“No, he seems to have gone underground,” Bruce said annoyed.
It was finally time to go to Gotham and everyone in Avengers Tower was nervous (read: Steve). Both Tony and Steve would be spending time in Gotham for two weeks. So the entire team was ready for anything that would happen.
"I can protect Pepper if something happens."
Planning, Planning.
"Don't worry; I'll be there to spring you soon." Tony said. "How about we get Italian to eat on the rooftop?" Tony told him.
"I've read your articles they're interesting." Steve tells him. "And its Steve, Mr. Kent nice meeting you."
"We got trouble." Batman says getting up. "What did you want to ask?"
"Are you sure, you guys are going to be okay?" Steve asked the team.
"You barely started monitor duty?"
Peter hid behind the couch hoping not to get found.
"So you don't mind if I do this." Clark said and before Bruce could ask what Clark was talking about, the chair was turned and he was being pulled before lips crashed with his own. Bruce's eyes went wide before he closed them and held Clark toward him.
"Okay." Steve said.
"You are mine, just as I am yours." Steve said. "You know if I can spend my life like this with you, I would be happy-Steve didn't know how in the world he was doing it but he bent down on his knee right there next to Tony and smiled as he held his hand- Tony I love you, would you do me the honor of becoming my husband?" He asked taking the ring out. Tony looked at Steve, this was not what he was expecting at all but at the same time he was worried Steve would try to take it all back.
"Bruce you know I love you, right."
"I don't know Clark, if I can't actually find Scarecrow than maybe I can slow down." Batman told him.
"N-not the s-s-same." Tony told him.
"Wasn't it the same thing with you?" Clark tells him.
"I'm wondering why is it here?" Clark said. "What he already came to the Bat cave, Bruce does he knows who you are, who I am?" Clark says a bit panic because he doesn't know if Stark can keep a secret, heck he was sure of it.
"Have Tony and Rogers arrived?" Bruce asked.
"No." Batman said and left it with that.
"Batman are your ribs alright?" Diana asked him.
“Alright, what happened?” Clark asked. “Because unless we had a child in the two months I was gone,”
“Welcome and see the sights of the Flying Grayson’s!” he said. Bruce was looking at the Acrobats and he had to smile looking at them. He noticed that someone else was up there too, but he saw that it was a child.
"Oh well I guess I'll call Wayne later." Tony says running to get his suit on.
Tony helps out his BFFL.
"I want to get back to the Tower." He tells her. Pepper smiles she had guessed immediately what happened and couldn't be happier for Tony.
“Captain, Mr. Stark, may I present you, Mrs. Walters she is the current caseworker for Peter,” he said.
“I hope that someone can help,” Bruce said but at the same time knew that someone would help.
"Everyone is just waiting for us to ask." Steve told him and Clark nodded.
"Isn't that what normal boyfriends do?" Bruce asked with a raise eyebrow and Clark could see the amusement in his eyes.
“Come, I have to bring you down,” Bruce told him. “I will help you, trust me,”
“I don’t frighten children,” Tony told him.
Steve was really angry and he knew that he shouldn't be because it was something he should be used to by now. They were in the infirmary with Tony in the hospital bed.
"Hello, Bruce Wayne I'm here to see Tony Stark business you know." He said.
"Mister Wayne I didn't not see you, when you came inside." Steve told him.
Its about time Tont help out his friend.
"Bruce, I care about you all of you." Clark said. "I mean I know I'm a farm boy and well you're not and I really can't explain but I want to spend my life with you not matter what we go through or all the evil villains, aliens we have to fight against with. Bruce will you do me the honor of becoming my husband." Clark said and Bruce looked at him.
"Certainly sir." JARVIS said and Steve noticed there was amusement there.
"We're in bed." Steve told him than blush when Tony giggle his eyebrows. "So Batman and Superman, you don't find it weird at all?"
Steve and Tony arrived in Gotham and as they got down from from the car. He looked around. Steve saw an elder man standing there.
"Yes, I'll be back in time for patrol."
“Actually Mrs. Walters, we both looked into this actually happening,” Steve told her with a soft smile.
"Cap we're going to be fine without Mom and Dad home." Darcy told him. It made Steve blush red.
"Tony is coming with me to Gotham." Bruce told him.
"I know." He says.
So changes.
“I will be back in a few weeks.” Clark said to Bruce.
"I love you too." Bruce whispered so low that Clark was really happy he was Superman or he would not have heard.
"That is completely not fair." Hal told Clark and Steve.
"I would appreciate it." Pepper told him. Pepper was about to close the door to the elevator, but she stopped and looked at Steve. "Can I ask you a favor Steve?"
"What is code 31652?" there was no reason for Clark to lie and for Bruce to react like that it, it must be important.
"Ms. Potts is great to see you." Luthor told her.
"I'm serious Bats I'm gonna puke on your ass and what will the Man of Steel say." Bruce rolled his eyes again.
"Of course not Tony can take care of himself." Bruce tells him. Alfred gives that subtle smirk which Bruce knows is the one that tells him Alfred doesn't believe a word he said. Bruce ends up getting showered and dress for his day and he knows he is going to end up seeing the Boy-Scout today. But his thoughts are on Tony for a reason.
"Yeah." Tony tells him and looks around trying to hear.
On Sunday morning Steve woke up early and went to exercise and when he came back he went to shower, and changed. As he changed he put the ring box he had gotten used to carrying in his pocket.
"That's right, I just want to be with Bruce, and I doubt I will stop seeing these parties with a reporter's eye but you know." Clark told him.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Batman 02." No he had to start his day in the Watch-Tower with Flash standing right there in-front of him and a smile on his face. Great, just what he needed.
"Ha-ha well I have to go or Perry will have my head." Clark told him and bent down to kiss Bruce. Bruce kissed him back and Clark left with a smile on his face. Bruce smiled and he looked up to see Alfred.
"They are going to want to see my point of view, since now I have 'a front-seat' to these things." Clark told him fixing his glasses. "I don't like that, makes me feel like I'm objectifying my relationship with Bruce and I don't know, I don't like that at all."
"Can I help you?" Bruce asked.
“Come on buddy, we are about to see Agent,” Tony said with a smile, but it didn’t reach his eyes.
"When are you coming to New York, Bats we can go sky-diving." Tony says.
"Good-morning Tony, I'm going to make breakfast." He told Tony.
"I owe you?" Bruce asked with a raised brow amused.
"This looks great." Dr. Leslie told them.
"Man can't two guys be friends without putting us together." Tony says. "Brucie and I are just friends."
"You can at-least put a smile Tony." Pepper tells him.
"He never brought anyone to the Manor before, with Pepper he stayed in a Hotel so you must be important." Bruce told him with a slight glare.
"Tony." He said. "What do I owe this displeasure?" He said with a smirk on his face.
"I can behave you act as if you don't know me Peps." He told her.
"Not really just wanted to see if you were alright."
"Ah you know, you love me, but guess what?"
The first time Tony Stark met Bruce Wayne; he was eight years old and had been force to go to Gotham by Howard. He had met four year old Bruce and saw that the kid was not happy to be there either, but he had been treated a bit nicer by Dr. Thomas Wayne.
The two most famous couples and in the world had been married for the past 3 years to the surprise of many. As many had placed bets on both playboys ending their marriages in the first five months of marriage as other celebrities before. Of course, this didn’t mean that they didn’t receive letters from fans and haters.
Two years later the Avengers Assemble and this time it is Bruce laughing his ass off. Afterwards he calls Tony on his cell.
"That's not the point both of you should have gotten plastered."
"Good-morning." Jane tells them. The others reply their good-mornings as well. Everyone was waiting for the food. Finally after it seemed like forever Steve turned around with the food and he looked around looking for someone.
"Don't listen to him Steve." Natasha told him.
"Yes, Steve." Pepper told him.
"Pepper are you alright?" Steve asked.
"The drink it was apple sider, Bruce is a bigger sourpuss than you and he would slap my hand away from any alcohol I could get my hands on it's a creepy thing." Tony said.
“What is that?” Clint asked.
"Is Tony alright?" he asked.
"Everything is going to be taken care of, Tony." He says squeezing his shoulders.
"That was a year ago and we have only communicated through emails." Bruce told him.
"You wouldn't need bossing around if you did what you were told." Steve told him. Tony walked toward him and Steve froze and wondered if Tony could hear his heart beating as fast as it did because Tony just admitted to missing him.
Tony was having a day off and he was surprised that it had happened; it made him wonder when the next aliens would come and try to take over the world. Not that he wanted to because he really for the first time needed to rest and by rest he meant, going down to the lab so he could work on some projects for the team. He needed to fix certain things and Dr. Banner couldn't help him since he and Darcy went on a trip to help children. Thor and Jane had traveled to Asgard of all places; Hawkeye, Black Widow and Bucky were out on one of their missions. So this weekend was only him and Steve it made Tony quite happy.
Steve began to move and was cleaning the rubble.
"I didn't see anyone else jumping to do it?" Tony told him.
"Will it be here at the Manor, Master Bruce?" Alfred asked.
"Naw, I'll leave that to Coulson." Tony said. after four months of the New York incident they had found out that Agent Coulson wasn't dead, he did died but he was still alive and kicking and the liaison from the Avengers to SHIELD. When they finished breakfast Tony was going to go back to his lab but Steve directed him all the way to his bedroom.
"Is Mr. Wayne still in his room?" Steve asked.
"You knew and you didn't tell me, you jerk." Tony said with a high pitch almost teenage girl voice.
"Good Morning Clint, Natasha." Steve told them as they got their cups of coffee.
"Fine only a few hours Clark." Bruce amended.
“What is your problem lady?” Tony snapped.
"MORNING FELLOW WARRIORS." Thor bellowed out, they had become accustomed a bit to Thor's way of talking-loudly.
"I Clark Kent take you Bruce Wayne to be my husband, when the you are being stubborn, when you push yourself to your limits, when you take on something you know is right when everyone wants you to quit, when you get annoyed at people who are slower in their thinking their yours; for better or worse, for richer or poor till we no longer can."
"Yes." Bruce told him.
"I liked you a lot for a while but I didn't think you would like me I was driving Ba…Bruce crazy with calling him asking for advice which I don't do." Tony whined. Steve blushed even redder at that.
“Alright, Thor, Black Widow; lets go.” Steve said moving to the destroyed buildings. It was one of the few things that he hated, and he walked to look at the buildings.
"I suppose, but you never claimed to be normal." Clark told him.
"Positive."
“Hi,” He said before covering his face again. Bruce opens his arms and Clark switches Richard over to him.
Inside Tony snapped his head up once someone took the bottle away from him.
"He does have a point Bruce."
"I think that is a good idea, we could tell everyone else that our husbands to be wanted a smaller wedding and we couldn't refuse them." Bruce said and Pepper and Alfred were writing it all down.
"When do you plan to ask?" Clark asked.
"You didn't win, Clark, I'm just hungry." Bruce told him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m sorry,” Phil told them.
"What?" Steve asked.
"I believe so."
“You don’t do fun.” Clark said before grabbing him and kissing him in the lips.
"Are you going to want an interview?" Bruce asked.
The party is here
“There was an accident and Richard was in danger, I volunteered to let him stay,” Bruce told him.
"Master Bruce is time to get up." Alfred said.
"You were going to get shot and no one saw me."
Tony and Steve were currently on Tony's workshop after Tony locked himself in the lab and the breakdown. Steve didn't want to leave the genius alone. He knew that Tony had problems sleeping he wasn't blind but he didn't say anything at all. Steve spent his time sketching and bringing food to Tony all the time. He was also the one to take Tony to bed after more than 10 hours of no sleep he was taking it slow. He also didn't want to admit it but he liked the genius way to much than he would like to admit.
"Oh, do you need help?" Steve asked.
"I think he will say the same thing your Captain is thinking." Bruce told him, he walked with Tony to the bathroom and put him next to the toilet where Tony puke all he had in his stomach which was practically nothing. Bruce took out his jacket hung it up and rolled up his sleeves. He turned on the water and once he heard Tony was done puking to his heart's content he hauled him up and pushed him under the spray.
"Well the good thing I guess is that Bruce keeps that particular life secret, but I did get punched by Flash and winked." Clark tells him.
"Clark, Bruce is going to accept even I know that." Steve told him.
"Pull everything on the thrusters JARVIS." Tony says.
The two couples kissed and got into their different cars leaving for the airport and their honeymoons.
"This isn't working anymore is it?" Pepper says.
"You really want to do a double wedding?" Bruce asked.
"I need to stay, in-case something happens." Steve told Tony but he was still very happy.
“Captain Rogers?”
"Hello Pepper." Bruce said politely.
"Love you." Steve said.
“Your right.” Tony said and moved to the building that seemed to be of more importance.
“He just lost his parents,” Bruce told him and the voice he used made Gordon stop.
"Thanks Point Break." Tony said. "But seriously try not to burn the Tower down."
By his third day Steve couldn't take it anymore. He went downstairs to the lab and knocked on the door. It wouldn't open and he could only hear the loud rock music on and nothing more.
The couples
"Damn it Tony you look terrible." Bruce told him and he was shocked at seeing his friend like this.
"Bet you Superman is going to lose." Hal told him.
"What's the matter?"
Later that night Bruce knew that he needed to go to the Circus and part of him was interested to go. He got out of the car and he moved toward the Circus knowing that he was intending on having fun, he knew that Clark would think this was interesting.
"It's to protect those you care about." Bruce told him.
"You know I saw other this design since you are having different tables, we could choose blue and red for Steve and Tony, blue and black for Bruce and Clark." Pepper told them.
"OH MY GOD!" Darcy said and everyone looked at her.
“I…I don’t think that would be a good idea,” Bruce told him.
"I can tell, Selina Kyle came to see me and it was not a visit I expected." Clark told him.
"You missed my twenty-first birthday because of your ninja-freaky-training, so as payment as my BFF for the entire time we are alive, for our bachelors party we are going to Vegas."
"What no?" Tony says.
"In a few minutes." Tony responds.
"Thank-you." Steve said. Alfred showed him were the library was and Steve went back up to the room to get his sketch pad and everything he would need to relax for a bit.
"What I could totally take him on." Tony told him.
"Indeed he has." Alfred said because they were the changes he was seeing a little on Bruce thanks to Clark, but he wouldn't say that because it might turned counter-productive. "You should go rest before Master Clark arrives and dinner will be ready." Alfred told him.
Steve and Clark had been spending time together and Steve figured out in three days exactly who Bruce and Clark were. Mostly because of his Super Soldier senses and the fact that he could hear things as well and hearing a car in the middle of the night in a place where it was isolated well it was weird. He also got into a run in with the Bat because he stopped a robber,  Bruce was chasing. The whole 'don't mess in my city' was a speech he got. He told Tony and he was laughing with the whole story.
Everyone was looking up, but he was just looking at the boy and he was frozen on the spot. People seemed to be moving around and Bruce could only look at the child. The audience was moving around and pushing around him trying to get out and it wasn’t until Bruce noticed the flashing lights of the police and the ambulance coming through.
"Bruce I have a question for you." Superman says.
"Okay… five more minutes, Steve." Tony said before his nose got the smell. "Coffee."
"Who's Wayne?"
"Fine, but if you carry me I will punch you." Bruce told him.
“Hello,” Clark said. Richard looked over to Bruce and back to Clark.
Alfred opened the window letting the sun shine inside.
The second part.
"Okay." Tony said and looked at the ring for once, it was gold with three stones slanted, it was a ruby a blue diamond and a diamond in a row, it was beautiful. Steve slipped it in slowly and Tony couldn't help the silly smile that came to his face.
"Okay, I'll tell Alfred to let me borrow one of your suits." Superman told him, he wants to ask what Bruce is doing in New York but he knows that if he asks it would get him a lecture in the worst way possible.
“Well, I just got an important date.” Darcy said with a smile and Steve tried to ignore that.
Of course he didn't know that Tony and Bruce were playing the cameras. He didn't know that the drink was apple sider and that Bruce had smacked Tony's hand away from any alcohol at all since he stay in Wayne Manor. Tony had gone cold turkey on the drinking, though he did drink more coffee and Alfred's cooking but it was something not so bad.
"Were do you think, Clark bachelor party, for you and the Captain." Hal told him.
"Thank-you Alfred." They tell him.
The business meeting had not been successful for Luthor because Tony told him 'no'. He didn't want to be involved in any business and it already had plans with other companies. The plan fell when Luthor told Tony that he wanted plans with the Iron Suit so they could mass produce it. Pepper had been the one to solve the problem her way and let's just say Luthor had never been of a woman in his life but Pepper Potts was the one person to reckon with.
"See if Mr. Earle will give me a job." Bruce tells him.
Bruce looked at the Captain and wondered when he would notice his presence. When he finally he looked up he looked startle but his body seemed to tense ready for a fight for a few minutes.
"You have a Gala tonight." Alfred told him. As Bruce was ready to go to the zeta-tubes he gave Alfred a look. "Very well, I'll send your apologies."
"Lois." Clark told him.
(See the end of the chapter for
He arrived back to the Bat-cave and Alfred was standing there. He is serious but knows something is wrong by the way Bruce is standing.
"But…" Steve said.
"You heard me. I know what he feels for you especially if he brought you here." Bruce told him. Steve looked at his part of him not believing that Tony wouldn't have brought anyone.
“Richard!” Clark looked down to see Bruce standing there. The little boy had his eyes close and he was shaking.
‘Hawkeye come in.” Steve said.
"Work Allen." Batman tells him. Bruce really wants to get into the Monitor Room and lock himself there.
When Bruce finishes Monitor Duty, he leaves straight to the zeta-tubes not wanting to see anyone at all.
He was currently the first on in the room and slowly everyone began arriving.
"Tony will come up when he is ready." Clint said.
“Did you not tell them Phil?” she asked him.
"Again, yes it is." Tony tells him and pulls him down for a kiss. Steve receives it with a smile and happiness.
"Who are you?" Captain America asked him and he looked ready to break him.
The Avengers Team was currently in battle trying to take down some of the Hydra Agents, they had taken New York hostage like always taken down some of the buildings in Queens.
He climbed down the stairs and found Bruce already going at his computer.
"Get ready we have our drive in an hour." Bruce told him.
“I’m hurt,” Tony said following his husband with the kid in Steve’s arms.
"What are you doing here?" Bruce asks.
Steve still couldn't believe the place after Alfred had showed Tony and him to their room, which really it seemed to be Tony's room in the Manor which showed how much he didn't know of his boyfriend. They had settled down and Steve pushed Tony to take a nap for a while since Mr. Wayne wouldn't be back for a while.
"We are gathered here today to join these two couples in matrimony, marriage is…" the judge began and the couples were just looking at each other. "With the hope that never changes in the world and in your love…"
"Is everything alright?" he turns to see Clark standing there; he seems to be leaving as well.
"He is the Prince of Gotham City which also happens to be the home of the Batman!" She said with cheer.
"Later of course, if it is alright." Lois told them both. Clark gave a side look to Bruce who just smirked.
"What are you doing in Metropolis?" Bruce asked.
Morning came in New York and most importantly in the Avengers Tower- it was named right after the Battle of New York-once Tony fixed it and everyone began to move in it happened exactly a two years ago. All of the Avengers were up and getting ready to eat breakfast.
“A thousand just today.” Jarvis replied.
"Indeed Master Bruce had it rebuilt to its former glory."Alfred told him, with extra features but they didn't need to know that.
“Mr. Wayne, you can’t do that!” Gordon screamed, but Bruce wasn’t really listening he was just moving up the ladder. He needed to reach the little boy.
“What about this I don’t believe that he has any family left, let me take him home until any danger to him passes,” Bruce told him. Jim Gordon could tell that he wouldn’t win this argument.
“Is that so,” Mrs. Walters asked them.
"Tony." He said and Tony grabbed his hand.
"Wow." Steve said.
"No, to me Bruce has always being Bruce, he has always been a bit broody, and now Clark is a different story." Tony told him.
"Very funny Mr. Stark can I ask what brings you to Metropolis."
"Uh-huh, let's go." Steve said and grabbed him picking him up bridal-style.
“Alright, but you will have to explain to Pepper,” Tony said with a smile. “Listen to that little boy, you will be coming with us,”
"I just can't find the right time." Steve tells him. "I was going to give it to him, on the anniversary of the battle of New York but I chickened out."
"So you only want me because you thought Tony wanted me acting possessive on your part." Bruce told him. Clark could hear the insecurities under there unlike anyone else.
When Tony is being stubborn, who does Jarvis call a Bat.
"Exactly."
"Yes, I believe he is reading a novel." JARVIS said but they didn't know it was a lie. They didn't know that Bruce and Tony were currently sleeping together in a dreamless slumber which was something that to both of them rarely happened.
"Stark is going to eat me alive." Clark told him.
It's time Tony and Steve visit Bruce.
"What?" Steve said.
"We have you for that." Clint told him.
"Not a mind reader, but I have to guess it has something to do with Captain Rogers."
"You don't need to be alone." Superman says to Bruce and it makes Bruce's lip lift a bit.
"Likewise." Bruce told him and he disappeared. Now it wasn't that Clark was nosy but he really wanted to know where Bruce was going to. He checks the data-base and saw the location to New York.
“There obviously is if you just told us about this in front of Peter,” Tony said.
"Good." Clark told him. "I just came to check if you were alright."
“Oh, you are still so sappy.” Darcy smiled before walking away to her own date. Steve smiled and continued to look through the letters. Trying to keep his mind of certain things, of certain changes.
"Ste…ve, too early" Tony groaned.
"Yes, not taking it back right."
"Hey, Steve." Tony says blurry and kisses Steve's cheek.
'Who does Bruce know in New York?' he questioned on the inside.
"Right; so I want to see it and don't try to lie because I will call bullshit on all of it, Brucie boy or would you want me to call you Batman." Tony tells him; Bruce looks at him in shock. "Really genius here."
In Gotham City, something like that was happening. Bruce was sleeping soundly; he had gone to sleep at four in the morning thanks the Penguin who wanted to still a bird from the museum-who would have thought that. He was sleeping soundly for once and he rolled over when the bright light hit his face. He groaned and covered his face with the blanket.
"I don't know actually, I bought it and I asked Alfred you know for permission though I did tell him not to tell Bruce."
The party was roaring with all the guests around moving toward both of the couples that were standing together.
"What did you break?" Batman asked him.
“True, but it is fun.”
"Yes, Steve I am sure." Dr. Banner said.
"He's fine, could be better." Steve told him.
"Miss Potts ended the relationship?"
"Breakfast." Steve said.
"Don't be stubborn Tony." Steve said pushing him back to bed gently.
"No…m-m-mutual." Tony sputtered out. But Bruce understood the problem Tony and he didn't o relationship because they didn't know how to have them, this relationship with Pepper had been solid.
“Darcy you seemed energetic.”
"I am." Steve told him.
"I would like that." Steve told him.
"He must be planning on something new." Bruce said, but Steve could tell the man was not convinced.
“You know, we already opened the doors for him, it would be easier if we opened the doors completely to him,”
"Hey Cap, guess what I'm getting home tomorrow." Tony told him. "I finally finished the business with Lex Corp, which really if Loki got any ego he would try to get his hands in that building it would do great for his ego and be out of our hair." Tony told Steve.
"Yes, I need to check on something." Bruce told him.
"Oh, he just got this mischievous smile and told me that it was finally time." Clark says with a chuckle.
"I'll go bug him for you." Tony said and Alfred gave him a small nod. He walked and went to get to the Bat-cave.
"I am so eating the Man of Steel though I get to rub it in his face." Tony told him.
"Don't get used to it I had to leave the Boy Scout in charge of Gotham and I'm going back on patrol tonight." Bruce tells him.
"I doubt he would have the appetite Clark." Bruce told him but he had a ghost of a smile that told Clark he was having way too much fun with it. To tell the truth Tony had called Bruce and totally bragged about it, so he knew that Tony was going to rub it in Clarks face.
"Luthor wants to do some business; I'm going so I can tell him '
"Aw, Pep you're going to make me cry and my eyes are going to be all blotchy for the wedding pictures." Tony pouted and Pepper smacked him on the head.
"So try not to burn the Tower down." Tony told them.
"Oh." Steve said.
"Fine." Bruce tells him.
"That sucks." Tony tells him.
"Is good to see you Mr. Luthor." Pepper told him with a smile.
"I say this was good." Tony told Bruce as their partners went and left to get them a drink.
"It's only the weekend Clark." Bruce told him.
"Are you ready Cap?" Tony asked him.
“You also have a commitment, which I guess will be good.” Alfred said with a smile and giving him the paper.
“Mr. Wayne!!” he kept hearing. Bruce was all the way to the top and saw the little ball in the platform.
"Got run over?" Bruce says.
"No I need you to watch over Gotham tonight." Bruce told him.
"Um, Steve you can call me Steve." Steve told him.
"Morning Cap." Clint said.
"He can't go." Steve said.
"Well I'm going to Metropolis this week."
"I'm doing fine actually going out kind of help." Steve told him. "Do you know, what would help too?" he asks and Tony smirks because that is one of the things he loves about Steve when he gets all mischievous.
"Hey, Bats buddy of mine." Flash told him.
"Tony Stark." All four men looked up and Tony groaned.
"I think six hours will be fine, I told Alfred to cancel your meetings for today." Clark told him and Bruce looked at him.
"Yes, yes I did." Bruce tells him and sighs. "Your my best friend Tony and unlike people like to think I actually have emotions." It was code for 'I worry about you.'
"Good Morning, Alfred." Steve told him.
"And I get to enjoy Alfred's cooking for a week, no offence to Cap but Alfred is a God I'm steeling him from you." Tony says with a smile.
"You seem happy this morning." Tony tells him.
"So you love Bruce very much?" Steve asked.
"Great I'll go with you." Superman says and Batman glares at him.
' in one of his building as graffiti." Bruce told him.
Steve was cooking, he always cooked it seemed to keep him calm most of the time. That and the Avengers said he was the Mom of the Tower but not to his face they couldn't take the guilt-trip stares. Slowly the rest of the team began to assemble for breakfast. Bruce was the second one to come in and he pours his tea out of the teapot Steve had put on.
It was the Red Skull and some Hydra Agents..
"Bruce, did Barry talk to you?" He grits his teeth. Could Clark call him Batman was that too hard someone could hear him.
"Yes." Steve told him.
"Yes." Steve told him.
"Oh, will be seeing Iron Man as well?" Lois asks and Clark tries not to say anything.
"Okay." Steve said.
"Fine." Bruce said sitting up just for Alfred to put his breakfast there. He ate his breakfast and was thanking to the coffee gods for the black coffee that Alfred gave him. He looks at the newspaper and smiles as he sees the upcoming news Wayne Enterprises and Stark Industries were going to be working in something new for the medical field and it would change the world.
"Okay, I'll leave you to it." Tony says because he needs to get out of there. He can't see her pack her things, he can't see the failure he had done.
"Oh…Bats you caveman." Tony said and Bruce rolled his eyes.
"Okay." Pepper told him.
“My name is Bruce, I came to bring you down,” Bruce said softly.
"Do you need anything?" Steve asked.
"Ha-ha." Tony said.
"I must tell you something important, Master Bruce." Alfred said and Bruce looked at him. "Today I'm very proud, I have always been proud of you and I wish you all the happiness today, I am certain your parents would be incredibly proud of you."
"What is an arc reactor doing here?" Clark asks. Bruce jumps up and he has a batarang ready to hit Clark. Bruce focuses on Clark and shakes his head.
"How is Lane taking to you staying here?" Bruce asked and Alfred knew that it was his Master's possessive side coming out at the moment.
"I don't want to ask him on a holiday just in-case." Clark tells him.
"Thank-you." Tony smiled at that.
“It has been a few years people need to get more inventive with their reasons.” Clark said with a laugh, he had to admit that at first it had bothered him, that people believed the worst of Bruce. He knew that it was something he needed to get used to, but he still did not like it.
"Yes, I believe I told you I feel the same." Bruce told him.
“Yes, Richard likes high places,” Bruce says with a smile. “Richard, this is my husband Clark,” Bruce says. Clarks looked at the little boy who is looking at him through his fingers.
"I won't tell anyone." Steve tells him.
"Did you have a nightmare?" Tony asked.
Tony felt like puking his stomach out. He didn't even notice Bruce coming until he came and held his hand, like Tony had done for him that day in his parent's funeral. Once the caskets are lowered he wants to leave and Bruce seems to read this and pulls him with him toward one of the cars. Obadiah wants to object, but Alfred stands in his way.
"Oh no, you both don't." Pepper said coming with Alfred. "Now in how many months are you planning for the wedding?" she asked.
"I have to find him, Clark." Batman told him. Clark put a hand to his shoulder and looked at Bruce straight in the eyes.
"Fine." Tony says and murmurs. "Stupid daylight bats." As he goes into the bathroom to take a shower. Bruce didn't really wanted to wake him but he had a feeling that leaving the Tower was going to be a test on itself if anything from yesterday told him.
"Okay, I'll stay here with him until Pepper comes you know, what happens if we leave him alone."
"Nightmares?" Tony just looked at him and that meant he got it in one. So it was time for Bruce's tough love. "Alright time to clean up Tony, easy or hard?" he asked. Tony ignored him. Bruce grabbed the other bottle that Tony had gotten into his hand and threw it to the trash and Tony tried to give him a heated glare. Bruce grabbed him by the hand and put him over his shoulder.
"Oh…I'm liking this." Tony tells him.
"Yes, they are currently taking a nap." Alfred told him and he seemed amused.
"We'll find him." Tony says.
“Mr. Wayne, it’s great that you brought him down but…”
"That's why you were so against Tony." Bruce told him.
"Yes." Steve told him and pecked him in the lips.
"Yes." Bruce told him.
"Sorry." He said and ran after that. Batman continued to type. He finished his work and got up to go back to Gotham and go on patrol for a while. He got to the zeta-tubes and Superman was standing there and he had a bad look on his face. Batman just went to get his coordinates ignoring the Boy Scout.
"Come on out, Tony I'm going to break the door down if you don't come out by the end of today." Steve warned him.
Part one of the Weddings.
The people invited to the party were in shock at seeing all the decorations on how different and how great and perfect it looked. The two couples moved around saying hello to their guest.
Bruce is in his computer and he still kind of pissed but he is letting it go because, he didn't want to think about it. He wanted to continue to be pissed if it wasn't for a certain genius appearing in his computer screen.
"Let's go Tony we can't miss our flight." Bruce tells him.
"Bruce is everything alright?" Clark asked.
"Why is that?" Clark asked.
Clark and Steve were standing together and waiting for their partners to come out. Clark turned to see his parents there smiling up at him. He couldn't believe it, he was about to be married. To Steve it was really different he always believed he would marry a nice girl in his time or end up alone. Now he would get married to a man he loved.
"Yes, Bruce this won't come out." Pepper told him.
"You lucky bastard." Bruce tells him.
"Trouble I don't know the meaning of the word." Tony told him.
"You haven't found him now, come and rest, eat something." Clark said to him.
In Wayne Manor, Alfred was making breakfast for both Master Bruce and Master Clark. It was something he had been waiting for, for a long time and no it didn't seem weird to him. Alfred was just happy to see his charge happy-even if the man will deny it.
"So, how long have you liked me?" he asked. Steve blushed and Tony just had to kiss him, the man was adorable.
"Very well." Bruce told him and saw that he saw that Steve still had his shoulders tensed. "What do feel for Tony?"
“Yes, it isn’t right Bruce and I know from you that it's terrible if he doesn’t get justice,” Clark told him.
"Congratulations my friends." Thor said to Steve and Tony who looked at him, just as he came to them and gave them a hug.
"You were sleeping peacefully I didn't want to bother you." Steve told him.
"No he will be coming early today." Alfred said.
"Great will be staying with Bruce because I don't want to get anywhere crazies will get us and I want it to be as peaceful as possible. You're going to like it Cap it's all moody and old." Tony says.
"Eat." Steve said.
Tony was currently in his hotel room, getting ready for bed actually which was weird because it was too early. The phone rang and he picked it up and saw the picture of Steve in the screen.
"Your still in the hospital." Is not a question.
Later that night Steve is eating dinner with the rest of the Avengers he is trying to concentrate on eating his food but finds that he can't. Since he took some soup to Tony's room for both him and Mr. Wayne, both of them hadn't come out at all. It's not that he doesn't trust Tony, he does its Mr. Wayne he doesn't trust like the man has some plans he doesn't know about.
“Are you?” Tony asked. Steve touched his shoulder trying to calm him down., as they had an Ace on their sleeve.
"Hey Tony." Steve told him.
"It could have been worst." Clark told Bruce.
"Excuse me?" Superman told him, glaring.
"I did." Bruce told him. He got out to hear a knock on the door, he had gotten it right the Captain was going to come and check on him and Tony. He opened the door.
"Will do sir." Alfred said.
Leave comments and kudos
"Bats, what did you do?" Flash asked. Batman just stayed quiet and continued to type. "You know I have never seen Superman so angry before." Flash tried to bug Batman but after two minutes Batman turned around and saw him with a glare. Flash just stopped and raised his hands.
“Bruce, can you check him?” Steve asked.
"I'm not being stubborn." Tony said even if he was getting up from his hospital bed, he hated hospitals specially this ones that were issued by S.H.I.E.L.D. he had a feeling that he would do the same thing Bruce did and have JARVIS installed in one of the cars to get him to the tower infirmary.
"I told you not to mess with the Bat's city Cap." Tony told him as they laid together.
"Yes, I did." Clark said.
“Does he know?” Clark asked.
"What, why?" Flash asked.
"Do you want to go with me to Gotham next month?" Tony asked. Steve looked at Tony he had asked him to go with him.
Tony and Bruce have the luggage ready as they walked into the common area and Steve is the first one to see them. Steve sees the bags and he immediately panics.
The ride toward Gotham was a bit quiet for Tony.
"Steebe." Tony said out grabbing Steve from behind and making him blush.
"I don't have to answer the arc reactor think who wears one." Bruce said.
He arrived in the Watch-Tower and he was greeted besides the computer just saying.
"My friends, I am told that as the Best Man I must speak of my fighting brother." Thor boomed out. "I met Steven during the time of War and I am the happiest knowing he was by my side during battle. He is a good man and I know that he will make a good match for my other brother Tony, they both deserve each other to their happiness." Everyone cheered, the next one was Barry.
“Agent Coulson is coming up it seems that he has some news,” Jarvis told him. Steve and Tony looked at each other and tried not to be disappointed. Tony held Peter a little bit closer to him.
"Yes, really save me the entire thing about how perfect you are because we all know you're not, I know his secret identity I don't know yours nor do I actually care for it. I know his because I guessed it seems that you super-types tend to forget I'm a genius, I also being in his life since he was four." Tony told him and the duh was hidden there. "Now think about that Superman." The name was said with such disrespect that Clark was in shock before he saw Tony Stark leave.
"Thank-you, Alfred." Bruce said with a smile.
"Of course not Tony, I love you." Steve said and kissed him, Tony pulled him closer. "Let's see if this fits."
“I was getting to it,” Phil told her annoyed that she was incredibly blunt in telling them. It surprised him, as this was not something she normally did.
In the Bat-cave things were not going too smoothly.
"Maybe they are just talking." Steve says because he desperately wants to believe it.
"I am." Tony told him even when the answer became invalid once he got up and winced from his ribs he knew would probably need to be tapped.
"Behave." She told him.
"Captain." Natasha said.
"Fine."
"Master Stark you've told me to remind you to call Master Wayne." JARVIS told him.
"So; Steve are you ready." Tony came out and he had a smile on his face.
"Come on, Tony." Steve said. He was worried, he was more worried than anyone.
"See we round them up easy." Superman said with a smile and Bruce glared at him. "Do you need a lift?"
"It was apple sider." Tony told him.
"It's the polite thing to do, Alfred thought me right." Bruce said with a wink.
"Alright, I'll talk to you later." Bruce says.
“Where am I going?” Bruce asked looking at the paper and noticing that it was a ticket it read: Hailey’s Circus.
“Oh, you bad man, Tony is rubbing off on you.” Darcy said with a smile.
"Hello." Tony said with a smile.
"Psh…Cap would kill me, but that is fun." Tony told him. "Oh Cap is coming, see you later Bruce." Tony told him. Bruce stayed in his seat as Tony ended the call. He had to admit that he was very happy for his friend and maybe a part of him wanted that.
"No but it is someone important to me." Bruce told him and it stopped Clark short letting Bruce go, it shocked him, he didn't know Bruce had someone important other than Alfred no one else. For some reason it seemed to hurt Clark and he didn't know the reason why?
"But it's a compromise we are willing to make." Steve told him.
"Tony, we have Avengers duties we must fulfilled." Steve said. He knew there was a reason he didn't trust Mr. Wayne he wanted to take Tony away from them.
"Hmmm…some words." Tony tells her with a smile.
“Did you capture him already?” Clark asked.
"Alfred remind me to phone Stark." Bruce said.
"I do recall you calling when they all moved in." Alfred reminds him.
"My friends we must not say such things."
"N-no can't." Tony told him.
"Now we need to dance into the moonlight." Tony said and Bruce chuckled and it was a real one. "We have to have another party but this time in Avengers Tower."
"But…" before Steve is able to say anything Bruce raises his hand in a stop motion.
"If I needed help I would solve it." Batman tells him.
"I'm afraid Dr. Banner your code has been refused." JARVIS told him.
"Can't be done sir, you have a meeting at Wayne Enterprises today at ten and you cannot be late, plus some charities wish to speak with you." Alfred reminded him.
"You and Steve can't get plastered." Clint replied.
"Yes, Miss Lewis?" JARVIS asks.
"Fine, fine no need to be pushy." Tony said. Steve just smirked at that. The man was too stubborn for his own good. They both walked into the kitchen and Steve served Tony his cup of coffee and Tony grabbed it with reverence.
“It’s fine, we just need to see if they are any survivors.” Steve told him.
"I totally gave him an excuse for him to come early." Tony says with a smile and Steve looks at him weird.
"Ah Master Steve, Master Tony informed me you would come here first." Alfred told him and Steve blushed in embarrassment. "There is no need to be embarrassed sir, Tony did it with most care."
"I love you." Clark whispered.
"I still can't believe you're taking some days off." Clark told him.
“I have a meeting all this month.” Bruce told him.
Tony finally wakes up from his sleep and he feels a lot better. He goes to shower and change for his day. For once in his life he actually had a free day and that was not something that happened every day. Maybe he could watch a movie; no maybe he could talk the team into watching a movie.
"By the time the entire street would have been gone." Tony told him. He was speaking of the new bomb Red Skull activated downtown New York trying to get the Avengers attention.
"We are not having gold and red for the decorations." Bruce told Tony.
"The place is beautiful in its own way." Steve told him.
"No I'm alright I want a cheeseburger." He tells Bruce.
"Building the future, what are you planning?" Tony asks.
"Your right Supes always loses." Hal told him.
"Of course you don't." Steve told him.
"No-no…" he whined.
"Alright." Bruce and Tony answered.
"Don't worry about it Capsicle now what did you want?"
"I'm not." Clark said and kissed him full on the lips. Bruce kissed him back and he didn't notice when they were already up the stairs and out of the cave thanks to Clark floating them out of the grandfather clock.
"See and you said you couldn't dance." Tony told him before he smiled at seeing Bruce and Clark dancing very close and he could see Bruce trying to hide the smile from his face.
"Thomas this is my son Anthony." Howard said with force kindness.
"Good heavens." Steve said. "Does that man want to kill himself?" he asked himself.
"Yes, Tony."
"Why are you guys making it so difficult?" Darcy asks. "JARVIS?"
"She left, I failed." Tony told him. It took Bruce a few seconds for Bruce to understand that.
"Oh shit, another Tony." Clint said. Darcy glares at him for being interrupted.
During patrol none of the criminals knew what was wrong with Batman, but they didn't want to find out either. He was being incredibly violent with them and even Gordon notice. When he was giving one of the files to the Dark Knight he had to ask.
“Your home,” Bruce said with a smile but worried about Richard at the same time.
“Well we are married.” Steve said with a smile.
"Well at-least we know he isn't the only one." Bruce tells him.
"What the hell!" Tony hissed out, but it did sober him up a bit. "Fine, fine get out I'll shower, you could have told me I smelled Bruce."
"What is his plan?" Clint asked shooting one of the Hydra Soldiers down. Steve takes Red Skull  down and they really think it is over but…
Bruce is in the Bat cave working on a new antidote for Scarecrows fear gas. He had been hit and had seen things he hadn't wanted to see at all. He was worried Scarecrow was going to use it against Gotham and he wanted to be ready for something like that. He doesn't even notice that Clark has come into the cave until.
"No it will not." Bruce said.
"Good-morning Master Steve, morning Master Clark." Alfred said.
“I will talk to the correct people, but you can take him, I don’t know what can be done Mr. Wayne-Kent,”
"Right, I want to see how the bat is doing." Tony said. Before he gets the chance to put in the call though the alarms goes off.
"Mr. Stark, can I have some words?" Lois asks.
"Overbearing Boy-scout." It's the answer he gets and Tony can't help but laugh. "Shut-it Stark." He says.
“You will have an entertaining time.”
"Yup, Cat says she thinks its Bruce Wayne, I think it's one of his teammates." Lois tells him. "But I don't know if Stark is ready to change his playboy ways, Christine Everhart dislikes the man."
"I try." Tony says.
"You worry?" Alfred asked.
"Then we understand each other, I still can't believe you thought Bruce and I were dating." Tony said with a laugh. "You don't think much do you?"
"I will tell you, you are wonderful so many times until you believe it." Steve tells him and kisses him again. Before Steve can ask, what he wants to ask, the alarm goes off.
"I want to go home." Tony told him. "Why don't you go get me a water bottle?" Tony asks politely.
"I'm going to see if the Cap wants to dance with me." Tony said moved toward Steve that got entertained with someone.
“Tony!” Steve screamed.
"It's business." Pepper tells her.
Proposals
"I told you, that once you and Clark met you would be Boy Scout BFF's." Tony tells Steve as he hands him a cup of coffee.
"Really?" Bruce told him.
"Don't even try to make him drop the Master when he is addressing you, it took me years for him to stop calling me Anthony." Tony told him.
"Like I said it is personal." Bruce told him.
"I know, but your hurt and I don't want to hurt yourself any more than you already are." Steve told him honestly and Tony looked at him and sighed.
Tony was walking from his lab and he was wondering the reason Steve hadn't gone in with him. According to Jarvis he had not come out of the gym all day. He walked toward the gym and he heard someone hitting the bag. He walked inside to see that the gym was filled with sandbags that had been destroyed. He was in shocked he had never seen Steve like that before.
“Come on,” Bruce said and began to walk toward his office.
"Is something wrong?"
“I’m well aware, the mission will not take to long.” Bruce replied to him.
"Bru…Brucie…" Tony said with a laugh. Bruce didn't care at the moment and sat himself on the floor with Tony.
"Of course." Martha said with a smile.
"Good morning Bruce." Steve said. Clint and Natasha were the next one to arrive.
"He does indeed Miss, Master Bruce please take the elevator I'll take you to Master Tony." JARVIS said. Bruce sent a wink to the receptionist who giggled as he got into the elevator. Once in he got serious again.
Steve looked at the man and saw that his shoes were wet.
On the other side-really it was Wayne Enterprises- a brave man was putting his life on the line at the moment-he really was since the man he was trying to convince was sending him death-glares.
Clark was hoping this would end soon. He didn't want to be here to receive or talk to Mr. Stark at all. Especially since he didn't want anything to do with the man that was trying to take Bruce away and the man that knew his secret identity.
"You do know, what you're getting yourself into?" Bruce asked him. Clark smiled at him.
"Really?" Steve asked. "You mean the reporter they found with him in the elevator of the Daily Planet?" Steve asked he hadn't meant to know that but Darcy had been changing the channels and he saw.
"Here I thought you were the World's Greatest Detective." Clark told him. Bruce looked at him and everything really began to click.
"I wonder that too." Steve said.
Bruce arrived on his New York pent house and got out of his costume putting it in its secret place on the wall of the underground basement before he went up the elevator to his room so he could shower and change and he could get to the Avengers Tower. Well this was not the way he wanted to meet that group but he didn't have a choice in the matter now.
"We'll stay friends." He said.
"So, how are you doing with the Man of Steel?" Tony asks and he sees the way that Bruce tenses at the mention of the man. "That good huh?" Tony asks.
"Tony! Tony open the door you have to eat." Steve said. He didn't notice that Bruce had come down as well and he typed in his over-ride code.
"You can ask, but I have no idea, right Pepper?" Tony says with a smile. Pepper smiled back at him.
"She is still mad at me that I didn't tell her I as dating you." Clark told him. Alfred had to hold in his laughter which was rare. He remembered very vividly why the world knew that Clark and Bruce were dating. They had been spotted on the Daily Planet in the elevator because Bruce had kissed Clark there and acted innocently when the door had opened and everyone saw.
"You look great, Cap." Tony tells him.
"Oh." Bruce replied.
"Hey Alfred, is the Bat around here already?" he asked.
"Okay, so our Best Man will be saying their piece." Pepper told them.
Tony and Steve have a moment. Bruce and Clark have a fight.
"You sure, Alfred is not going to kill us?" Clark whispered to Bruce.
"Let's get him out of his lab." Bruce said. They arrived in the labs floor and once they opened he walked out to see a blond man hitting the door and another main all rumple with curly hair standing by his side.
“I understand, but we can help him,” Gordon said.
"JARV, you called Brucie, traitor." Tony said. "Ah my head, I'm feeling sick."
"Master Bruce is in his cave." Alfred told him.
“I have no problem,” She said but they all knew that there was a problem.
"I think you would have to be in line." Clark told him with a chuckle.
"Jesus, Stark what the hell are you trying to be a zombie?" Clint asked.
"They're dead, they never spent time with me and now they're gone." He tells Bruce.
"Tony, come sit down." Steve told him.
"Fine, but after breakfast you're going to bed."
"No I just didn't know how to tell you." Clark told him.
"I heard that Stark is dating a man." Lois tells him as they stand right there.
"But it is better this way." Steve said.
It took minutes but the police were interrogating everyone, even Haley who was telling them, that he had no idea how this could have happened. Bruce was to wait, and he noticed that no one had noticed the boy yet. He looked around and he looked at the ladder and he began to climb.
"Morning Tony." He tells him and kisses his forehead.
"You're welcome, Master Bruce I believe that it is time." Alfred said.
"You won't get eaten, Clark." Bruce told him.
"Thank-you, I read your comics." Clark tells him. "It's Clark, Steve."
"Tony, I love you." Pepper tells him. But they know it's not that kind of love anymore.
"You're getting sentimental on me Bats." Tony says but the underlining 'Thank you' is there.
"Very well I'm going to rest a bit." Bruce told him, Steve nodded saw as the Doctor left. He sat down next to Tony in the chair.
"I know." Bruce tells her.
“Agent,” Peter repeated. Coulson was waiting for them and with them was a woman.
"As soon as possible." Steve and Clark answered.
"Yes." Bruce told him and Clark pulled him close and kissed him. They pulled apart and Clark took the ring out, it wasn't too showy it was two-tone stainless steel with an old black ion-plated center, in the middle was a small row of diamonds. Clark put it in Bruce's ring finger and they kissed again.
"Thank-you Alfred." Bruce said. The zeta-tube was ready and it took him.
The two couples were on the floor for their first dance. As they danced, the four of them could see that things were indeed different and that they were okay with it.
"Well the party is going to be there and I don't really want to be in the center of Gotham not a good thing and Bruce's huge home was and is a nice place to be I was there a few times in my life." Tony told him.
“Very well,”
"I don't think your super-senses are failing." Iron Man told him. "I called you an Idiot."
"Is something wrong with New York?"
"Can we help you?" he asked. Bruce walked out of the elevator and gave them a nice smile.
"Ah, yes I almost forgot." Clark told him.
"So he knows about me?" Clark says. "You know he can't keep a secret and he knows your biggest one." Okay right now was really not a good time Bruce tended to be cranky but he was sleep deprived.
"I love you too, but it's not the same kind of love anymore." He tells her and touches her cheek. There's a tear there and he cleans it.
"Is that sarcasm I hear my Captain O' Captain?" Tony asked him with a smile on his face.
"What...what was that about?" Bruce asked him and it shocked him that he actually stuttered.
He walked and grabbed a small popcorn treat knowing that people expected for him to act like this. He looked at the show and he could say that he was having fun.
"Is it Alfred?" Clark asked because he cared for Bruce's butler very much. It made Bruce's lips quirk up a bit, it was kind of nice for Clark to worry.
"Me too." Tony says as he leaves.
"Okay." Tony said and went back to sleep.
"Wouldn't dream of it." Clark said and he had a smile on his face.
"Okay then." Clark says and leaves Bruce alone. He pays attention to the screen and looks at the fight. He knows of Dc. Doom and sees the Avengers take care of it. Then he sees the bomb and Tony take the recoil from the explosion. Bruce grabs his seat with one hand when he sees that the reactor is not blinking much. He wants to call but knows he can't or they will find his secret. Knowing Stark he would be out of the hospital in two or three hours depending on how much security Pepper puts him so he doesn't escape.
In New York, mainly in SHIELD's infirmary everyone is checking on Tony and they had to change his reactor. Steve was the one to do it because Pepper wasn't there and Tony had taught Steve how the last time something like this happened. Pepper was flying already in after they called her.
Eight years past and Tony is building Stark Industries to the best in the world. He knows that Bruce was pronounced dead but he doesn't believe it. When he hears from the media that Bruce Wayne is alive and well, Tony is pissed and he calls Bruce to his home.
"I believe Master Tony is with Master Bruce in his study they are talking business." Alfred said.
"Steve?" he jerked up and saw Tony standing there and he had a worried look on his face.
"I've known you for a long time Bruce I think I know what I am getting myself into." Clark told him and kissed him again.
"Yes, do you want me to bend down on my knee?"
"I think you and I both know the reason why?" Tony told him. He didn't want to get involved in Bruce's love life but Superman was really getting on his nerves. Especially with the whole thinking Bruce had told him about
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'll still run the company for you but I can't be with you anymore." She tells him.
"Really Bruce the Super 8?"
"Steve, Clark what do you think?" Pepper asked them.
"Is there a reason you're here Clark?" he asked changing the subject. Clark sighed leave it to Bruce to want to be alone.
"Oh calm down Tony." Bruce said.
"What the hell are you thinking Stark?" Bruce says the moment Tony picks up.
Two months passed since the last time Tony almost got killed, again. But what the rest of the Avengers didn't figure out, maybe Clint or Natasha did. But it was that Pepper had stopped spending so much time in the Tower. That she spent most of her time in Malibu and she just called Tony for the meetings. Tony didn't even pay attention because he was in his lab most of the time.
"Alright, I guess I'll see you in seven days." Steve says, he glares at Bruce, who is trying really hard not to laugh.
The Boy Scout in Wayne Manor
"You're eating with me right because this thing is huge." Tony told him.
Clark and Steve sat in-front of each other in one of the dinners that was actually peaceful. Now they would be with their respective partners but both of them were buried in paperwork and nothing would get them out. So they decided in going out for some apple pie. It was something they had done since they met, Tony had not been wrong in saying that two of the biggest Boy Scout's had become best friends, not like with their partners. But both of them had to admit that it was nice to rant about their boyfriend to someone that actually knew what they were talking about.
"Come on, Sweetie." Ma Kent told Bruce before he gave her his elbow so she could grab on to it. "Oh your sweet, you know you don't have to win me over still making Clark happy is all I need."
"That my friends is Bruce 'freaking' Wayne, your now billionaire, playboy, philanthropist."
"JARVIS?" Steve asked.
"I missed you; you know I didn't have a super soldier bossing me around." Tony said with a smile. Steve smiled at that.
Both of them finished getting their things off the car and  not really letting Alfres carry the luggage or most of them.
Tony woke up and saw that Steve was sleeping peacefully; he got up slowly and went out of the room. He walked out to see Alfred dusting one of the vases.
"Wel…." He didn't get to finish because the alarm sounded.
"Bruce is something wrong?" Superman asked.
"What's going on?" he asks.
"Fine, love you." Tony told him.
"So congratulations…."
"Hmm...I suppose I am the next one, as you can see both Tony and I didn't have Best Man, the reason being that we both are our Best Man." Bruce told everyone. "Now it is no surprise to anyone that Tony and I met as children; we saw the worst of each other when we were down a well or down a bottle. Steve makes Tony happy, I know he will play it off but he is a good man even if people doubt it. May they be happy?"
Steve looked at the Manor and was shocked by the oldness of it and it was beautiful.
"Bruce." Howard said. Both boys didn't talk much that first meeting...
"I'll miss you." Steve says.
“Hey Peter,” Darcy said coming to get him from Tony. Peter looked at Steve and Tony and waved bye. Once they were alone Tony turned and basically exploded.
"Is Tony asleep?"
"Burgers this is the American Dream, Captain." Tony told Steve as he came down with plates for them to eat in the lab.
"Yes, thanks for asking for asking and having Alfred welcome us." Tony told him. Bruce just nodded and looked at Tony.
He sat down in the chair and looked around the room before he began to sketch, what he had seen around Gotham. He had made research and knew that there was darkness in Gotham, but there was an old beauty to it. He was lost in his sketching that he did not notice when someone sneaked inside the room.
"The car arrived!" Darcy screamed Steve went to sit down just like the rest looking at the screen. Both Tony and Bruce had smiles on their faces for the reporters. They kept moving away from questions. Steve noticed that the smiles were forced in both sides. He knew that Tony wore a mask for the public he didn't know or think Bruce Wayne did as well.
"I understand Tony has duties with the Avengers." Bruce told him and got a card out of his coat and gave it to Steve. "JARVIS already has my number but here it's Wayne Manor's private number and you can call anytime, you need Tony, my butler Alfred would take the call and give it to him."
"Bruce asked me to check something for him." Tony said.
"Soon, I have to go for the meeting."
"We are friends Clark he knows who I am?" Bruce tells him. It shocks Clark because he didn't know Stark knew, okay so he found out because he cheated but for Bruce to tell Stark what he did.
Batman and Superman were just done taking down the villains and getting back to Arkham Asylum.
Now every now and then both Tony and Bruce suffered from their partner's over-protectiveness and that put them in the edge when it came to them. Since both of them were kind of used to doing things on their own or having other people do it for them, Alfred for Bruce and Pepper for Tony. It affected them more because they both knew that their partners loved them but it was still hard to get used to it.
"Of course not." He tells him. "We are the boy scouts according to you and Tony we were just exchanging ideas."
"Oh no, we made sure to that both Metropolis and New York are taken care of." Clint told them before they gave them any excuse.
"Master Tony and Master Bruce have been friends for a long time." JARVIS answered. Everyone looked at each other they didn't know Tony had friends besides Rhodes, Pepper and Happy and themselves of course. Steve nodded but he wanted to go to Tony's room to see what they were doing.
“About our life, I didn’t want to find out, but he is a curious child,” Bruce told him.
Steve got their breakfast ready and he got it on a small breakfast table before he walked to their bedroom and opened the door.
"Just, what?" Clark asked him.
"I came to get you so you can eat breakfast."
"Yeah we try not to bring that up in public."
Outside Bruce was thinking, JARVIS wouldn't have called him with that code if it hadn't been important. It meant something was wrong with Tony and Bruce knew if that was the case it meant Tony was either not sleeping or drinking himself to oblivion and blocked everyone out, if he had to guess it had to be going for four or five days the most. It had happened once before and it was not something pretty. He had to be thankful that he made his presence known in New York so the public knew Bruce Wayne in New York City, so his presence wouldn't be questioned.
"Master Bruce did not return after the trial." Alfred told him.
"Ah...ah do you have an appointment?" she asked him.
It takes two years before Bruce or Batman is tag-teaming with Superman and Tony is laughing his ass off at the way and how uncomfortable Bruce is with the alien. Since they had been caught in television for that particular thing. He called Bruce after it.
"We are changing the name." Bruce tells him and clicks.
"That's right and food." Steve said and put the small table on Tony's lap as he sat up.
"So, who are we going to invite?" Tony asked.
"I will, I'm almost finished anyway." Tony told him eating his burger.
“It’s crying,” Steve said moving faster toward the noise.
"You didn't answer my question." Clark says.
"Tony." Steve said.
"Tony!"
Now to Bruce
"Bomb." Steve tells them. He was trying to think of a plan but it goes down to hell when Iron Man is already taking the bomb out of the ground.
"Batman can we talk?" Superman asks.
“Hello?” he said, the little boy spooked and little at him with wide eyes.
"Are you nervous?" Pepper asked fixing Tony's tie.
"Of course but I need to go." She says.
"Complaining about Tony and I?" Bruce said to anyone it would sound like an annoyed sound but to Superman it sounded mischievous.
"Master Tony is good to have you in Gotham, Master Bruce sent me to pick you and Master Rogers up." Alfred told him.
"Yeah, this way we can both shine and I want to spend my time with Steve here on our honeymoon and with New York, Gotham and Metropolis taken care of at the same time all of us can enjoy our honeymoons." Tony said.
"There is a reason I like you." Tony told Clark.
The next day it was finally time for the big party that they had to do. The first ones up besides Alfred were Clark and Steve.
"He is getting annoying." Bruce tells him. "He thinks I told you about him and has been giving the cold shoulder as if I care."
Clark arrived homed and he didn’t hear anyone in the Manor except for Alfred, but he knew that was normal from Bruce.
"I don't think the Man of Steel would like that." Tony says.
"Noo… you won't." It was the first sound he heard from the other man but it made Steve's heart beat hard because of it thankful because of that.
"Don't care and I know." Clark told him.
"I'll go get, Dad." Clark said and moved away.
"I'll be up in a few minutes." Tony told him yawning. "JARVIS remind me to call Wayne one of these days."
"That's what you think." Clark told him, it actually made Bruce chuckle.
"Two hours, I brought my paper work." Steve answered.
"Hello, Anthony is nice to meet you." Dr. Thomas had said kindly and shook his hand and he was not lying at seeing the sincerity in the man's eye. "Howard, Anthony meet my son Bruce." The little boy looked at them and smiled shyly.
"Thank-you; Mr. Stark." Superman told him.
"He knows?" Bruce says.
"Yes." He told her.
"Be careful you egotistical idiot." Bruce said with a smirk.
"You're a god, Rogers." Tony said and Steve blushed before turning away.
"You mean don't mess with Bruce's city, now I know how he could get everything from you." Steve told him.
"Lady Pepper is not present mayhap he misses her." Thor told him.
"Wake-up Tony." Steve said.
“No go, before I change my mind and you don’t end up going anywhere.” Bruce says with a smile. Clark walks away and flies away. Bruce see’s as his husband leave to a mission and he worries knowing that he won’t have his back.
"Fine, Cap." Tony said without a fight but it was mostly because he was really tired and his stomach told him, he was hungry. He walked behind Steve up to the elevator.
“Shh…your alright,” Clark said calmly rubbing his back.
"For being you, Bruce." Clark answered and Bruce looked at him and rolls his eyes at the cheesiness but Clark doesn't miss the smile on his face.
"Come on Steve is something wrong?" Tony asked him.
“Phil, did you just come in to take Peter,”
Leave kudos and review.
"The library." Alfred said. "I'll be sure to inform you when Master Tony is no longer busy." Alfred told him.
"Very well sir." JARVIS responds. Tony takes the bomb and before he and the bomb explode he throws it, but the recoil of the explosion hit him thought and he got smacked into one of the buildings and went down losing consciousness that he doesn't notice when Thor gets him this time. Tony doesn't notice that every one of his team is worried; he doesn't notice the Quinjet arriving and taking him into medical or the fact that Steve broke his face-plate again.
“Is that a kid?” Tony asked.
"No I am almost done with dinner." Alfred said.
"You look very handsome, Tony." Steve tells him, grabbing him by the waist.
"I can't come visit." Clark asks his gaze is still on the arc reactor, he had only seen one and it belonged to Iron Man. Flash had been practically bragging about Bruce and Stark on the newspaper. Heck Cat had made some not-so-subtle comments about both billionaires about them being exclusive.
A year later Tony is kidnapped and Bruce is going insane but knows he can't interfere either. But he is putting the Bat-cave satellites in Afghanistan and trying to find Tony. Nobody in the place questions him. When they finally find him and it's Rhodes that brings him down, Bruce calls Tony immediately.
"Can we just get this over with?" Clint says shooting some of the man down.
"Yeah, are you sure it's okay with Mr. Wayne?" Steve asked.
Bruce arrived at Avenger's Tower and he was impressed he was not going to lie and it made him raise his lips a bit again. He was wearing a light-blue button up, black jacket and black slacks with black shoes and his glasses. He went into the reception and the receptionist looked at him with wide eyes as he raised his glasses.
"Very well sir"
"You kissed him, or did he kiss you." Bruce asked.
"I have work to do." He tells him and moves toward the Monitor Room. He knows the man is going to follow him.
"Yeah." Steve told him. They were both wearing dark suits, but Tony had a black suit with a gold tie. Steve had a dark suit and blue tie to him.
Clark arrives home, Steve and Tony deal with some unwanted attention.
"I believe it's my job." Bruce tells him. "Anyway Potts met Kettle Stark."
“As always.” Bruce said. “I will have to suffer a few weeks with people thinking that you have left ne and that soon there will be another woman in my arms.” Clark stopped him with a kiss.
"We've practically been living together for almost two years, this will make it official." Clark said. "Bruce."
"She's going to be invited as long as she doesn't plan anything else." Clark answers.
"Ugh…super villains have the worst timing." Tony groans.
"Now, why would you call me that?" Superman asked him. Iron Man got closer and poked him in the chest.
"I know." Bruce told him.
“I will help then,” Clark told him.
"Let's just get this over with." Clark tells her.
Down in Tony's lab he was drinking Tony had tried and the word is 'tried' to get some sleep last night but the nightmares came stronger than before everything in his life, from his father, Stane, the Chitauri everything came at him. So he decided to drink it all, it would be good for him.
They both don't realize that these two men that annoy them are the ones that are going to change their lives.
"Now the wedding." Tony said. "We know a lot of heroes will be attending the wedding…"
"Why do you insist we do this?" Bruce asked.
"But you didn't tell me the Man of Steel's secret identity, heck I know yours because I guessed and I've known you forever." Tony says with a motion of his hands.
Inside Tony couldn't really think, he had just his bottle of whiskey in his hands and nothing more. He had been drinking after he saw Pepper leave the building. He tried not to but the nightmares were something he couldn't deal with. Maybe he could end it all, he could and the pain would go away.
"Fine, but you have to stay here, Tony." Steve told him.
“Please bring Mr. Parker back and gets his suitcase ready,” Mrs. Walters said with a smile and Phil was annoyed.
"Hello is nice to meet you Mister Pennyworth." Steve said with a smile.
"You have to slow down." Clark told Bruce, who hadn't slept for four days already because of Scarecrow.
"Maybe, rest Tony." Steve said with a smile.
"Wait a minute Stevie, I want you to meet Bruce's boyfriend, Clark Kent, Clark Kent you know Captain Steve Rogers." Tony said. Steve got up and shook Clark's hand that seemed too strong a grip for someone like him.
"We are finally getting cake." Tony said. Bruce moved there next to Clark and touched his hand, and Clark smiled.
"Don't be ridiculous Clark." Bruce told him and Clark had to smile there had been two incidents in which he died, when he got sent to the horrible future and Doomsday. He had no intentions of it either.
The proposals
“He went to visit someone,” Alfred told him.
"You broke it you buy it, the rules." Batman tells him and once he gets to the Monitor Room he closes the door in Flash's face before he begins to whine. He went to check the monitors mainly the one in New York, yes the Justice League knew New York was taken care of but being him and since he knew one of the heroes in person he liked keeping an eye. Like he told Alfred Tony was a big boy he could take care of himself.
“Found you,” he screamed at seeing Tony standing there and getting him.
Bruce had just arrived from battle in Gotham and he was checking the monitor, because he kicked everyone out. Though really Flash should have acted like he was angry that he wasn't going to do monitor duty today instead of whooping and acting like it was Christmas Morning. Batman was looking at the screens looking for trouble.
"Well for us it would be only the founding members that know about us." Bruce told him.
"Aww...does my old man need to take a nap." Tony said with a smile.
"Do you guys know who that was I never thought I would ever meet him in person?" Darcy said.
"Stop whining Tony you did this all yourself." Bruce told him.
"Four days."
"How does he have a code to Tony's lab?" Dr. Banner asked.
In Avenger's Tower Steve was in the door pounding on it again for what seemed the fiftieth time.
"Need I remind you Master Bruce that Master Tony and Master Steve will be coming today?" Alfred told him.
"How's Bucky?" Clark asked because they had found the Winter Soldier and it had been hard because S.H.I.E.L.D. and the Justice League had wanted to get him. But Steve had interceded for his friend and he was still alive and trying to get used to everything.
"No, you would get lazy and I can have anyone saying I give you special privilege." Steve told him.
"They do." Steve says before getting up.
"You guys could have warned us it was coming out today?" Tony said sitting on the couch with Steve.
“He didn’t deserve to lose his family that way,” Jim Gordon said.
"I'm checking that my major villains are in Arkham." Bruce told him. "Did you have a good car ride?" Bruce asked.
Bruce and Clark were walking in the farm and Bruce felt at peace. Yes he knew he complained sometimes and people thought that because he was from the big city, he wouldn't like the country. But he had to admit Smallville was peaceful something he was not used to in Gotham, it calmed him. Clark was holding his hand as they walked together.
"Aw your making me blush, Captain." Tony told him.
"He calls me the one-man wrecking crew." Clark told him.
“Tell me you didn’t become a Captain Sandwich because I will not forgive you,” Tony told him back, he broke some of the wood and went up the stairs to see Steve standing there with the shield over him and in his other arm he was holding a small.
"Tony Stark is great to see you." Luthor told him.
"You told me you had news you wanted to share." Steve told him. Clark smiled brightly at that and Steve was surprised. He took out something from his pocket and put it on the table. When Steve saw it, he couldn't help the smile and laughter coming out.
"I love you too, Tony." Steve told him. They hung up and Tony was about to go to sleep for reals but he heard something. He went to look out the window and saw that there was a building that was burning.
"Steve are you alright?" Tony asked concerned and okay the huge crush was not going away it seemed. Not that he minded but Steve wouldn't feel the same.
"Yes, that's right." Clark tells him. "How are you and Tony handling it?"
"I have my own ride." Batman said and pushed a button to call the Bat-mobile to him. Superman saw as Batman leaped in the air to get into the Bat-mobile and he had a very rare smug smirk in his face. Hah Iron Man couldn't help him like that.
As far as he was concern he had done nothing wrong and Clark was in the wrong here. He had not told Tony about his or anyone else's secret identities heck he didn't even tell Tony about his own the man had guessed.
“Well, I like the outfit you are wearing.” Steve said regarding the green dress that she was currently wearing.
"I'm fine." Batman tells him. Superman puts a hand on his shoulder which tells people Clark is the only brave one to actually touch the Bat.
"You wouldn't think this place had been burned down." Tony told him.
"I don't recall asking for assistance." Batman spits out.
"Tony, get up we're leaving." Bruce says.
"I know what you mean." Steve told him. "When I was in the USO Tour, I felt like a dancing monkey most of the time, when the thing I wanted was to be in the front lines, now I still feel like a dancing monkey except I think about just being with Tony and don't worry so much anymore."
"You will get back to your Captain don't worry." Pepper tells him and Tony actually blushes and that makes Pepper laugh.
"What are you doing?" Steve asked the man as he moved out of the way; Dr. Banner was trying to calm down. Bruce ignored him and tapped his code in. once the door open Bruce went in and before Steve and Dr. Banner could get in, the door closed in their faces in a snap.
