“Fuck,” Dean whispered, his breath coming in gasps, but he couldn’t bite back the smile on his lips. Dean felt Cas’ own smile against his throat, then the brush of his lips, before the other man pulled back slowly. Castiel brushed past Dean, reaching for the pile of their toiletries on the bench. Castiel came back with a washcloth and bar of soap, working a good lather up in the cloth before turning towards Dean.
He squeezed his eyes shut and grabbed the extra pillow, clinging to it as if his life depended on it. When he finally fell asleep, he dreamed of Castiel standing over him, his eyes sharp and clear while Dean was crying on his knees.
“Why wouldn’t you be-” Claire stopped, her eyes widening before she smirked. “Oh, yeah. Okay, I get it.” Dean gave her a wink, glad he didn’t have to
"Do... do we go with him?" Gabriel whispered and Castiel shrugged, both of them turning to look at Lucas. Lucas was saved from answering by the back door opening and their Uncle bending down to glare at them.
“What?” Naomi asked, turning fully towards her middle son. “Since when? Why didn’t you say anything?”
“Sam… would’ve loved it,” Dean whispered. “He would’ve been impressed Santa knew his favorite cereal, probably would’ve found the wrapping paper funny. He would’ve thought it was the best present ever.”
When they broke the treeline, they came out into a large, grassy field dotted with wild flowers. Dean turned their direction to the left, and they moved along the treeline for a few minutes until they came to a river that cut through the field and disappeared into the woods.
“One of the older kids on the playground,” Jack answered, his voice now muffled in Dean’s shirt. “I told him he was a liar liar pants on fire, but-”
“Jesus Christ,” Dean mumbled, untangling his legs from the blankets and reaching up to run sleep from his eyes.
Castiel looked up, seeing Dean had come around the table and was standing before him. Castiel smiled and reached his hand forward, easily finding Dean’s and shivering at the heat of his mate’s skin.
“I never intended for my camp to become what it is,” Chuck sighed, moving around his bedroom and wandering over to a small table with a decanter of alcohol and glasses. He poured himself a glass and then raised it to Dean. “I suppose you wouldn’t trust anything I gave you to drink?”
“I’ll make a pass by before I head to work,” Dean continued talking as he moved through the kitchen with ease, Naomi and Castiel watching him head towards the door to pull on his boots and his coat. “Tell Chuck he doesn’t have to get up early and snow blow the driveway.”
Jack nodded and let Dean help him down to his feet, accepting the wet wipe to wash his face. By the time Dean set him back up on the bed, Jack was smiling and his cheeks weren’t bright pink anymore. Dean pulled the curtain to give Jack some privacy and then returned to his desk. He picked up his papers to continue filing, but couldn’t help but listen.
“I’ve been there before,” Benny answered, folding up the map and handing it back over. “It’s this big old resort that sits on the river and a large cliff face. If they’re able to secure the other side of the property… they won’t have to worry about much. There’s stables, gardens, fresh water…”
“I think this morning Chuck told us we were at fifty-six?” Kevin replied, looking at Jesse for confirmation. “He updates us every morning on what he’s heard of the outside world, our supplies and munitions, and how our camp is doing overall.”
Castiel smiled widely, picking up one of the pieces and examining the fabric. “There was a sewing kit in the gear we picked up at Bobby’s house. I bet the needle would go through this. If not, we’re on a military ship. They probably have something that would work on board.”
choice, not yours. He was able to be a part of this family, he was invited and encouraged to join us. It was
Dean gave him a smile and nodded, turning his attention to the building ahead of them. On the right side of the road loomed a large concrete building set back from the street and surrounded by an impressive lawn. The front was full of doors and windows reflecting the sunlight in a way that made it impossible to see inside from out on the street. It reminded him of the court house back home, and he wondered if it was a government building. It wouldn’t be comfortable inside, but it would be safe from the Lifeless. He raised a brow as he looked over at Castiel.
“This isn’t fucking happening,” Dean groaned, flopping back on his back and throwing his arm over his head. “I am completely sober now.”
Castiel moved behind Dean, looking around the hallway. “I wonder if any of those high windows outside look into this storeroom. Have you checked?”
seen Jesse there. I saw them going back through the storage room and I told Billie I had to go to the bathroom so I could follow them.”
Claire turned her head to give him a look, and Dean saw Castiel nudge her with his elbow. Claire groaned. “All you adults are all the same. School is
Dean nodded, then shook his head. “I’m going to worry until I know for sure. I just… everything I’ve done has led to this, from the moment I left Cicero, to meeting you, and getting to Bobby’s house. It was always about finding Sammy, making sure my little brother was okay, and I…” Dean snapped his mouth shut and closed his eyes. “I don’t know what to do if he’s not there.”
“Are you sure?” she asked, tears pricking the corner of her eyes as she came over to look into the chest.
infection. Whenever he stood, the world around him spun and no amount of salty jerky or water was making it any better. He still had over two hundred and fifty miles to get to Bobby’s, but there was no way he could manage riding a bike that distance.
“Dad?” Jack came running down the stairs and Castiel closed his eyes, bracing himself at the counter where he was cutting up fruits and veggies. “Dad!” From the sound of Jack’s voice, Castiel knew what was coming.
Dean snorted a laugh and nodded his head, clapping Castiel on the shoulder before taking off down the driveway towards the Novak house. Castiel caught up with him quickly and met Dean on the porch, opening the door and waving him in. Though it had been years since Dean had been in the Novak house – at least to Castiel’s knowledge – he kicked off his boots and hung up his jacket before heading towards the kitchen.
Despite the feeling in his gut that everything was wrong, he found himself smiling, a little bit of tension bleeding from his shoulders. “Yeah, Lisa is picking him up from camp Friday morning and bringing him over after he packs a new bag. Do you and Jess want to come over on Sunday for a cookout before I bring him back to his mom?”
Dean looked up at the sound of someone shuffling into his office and was surprised to see Jack standing there, his arms wrapped tight around his stomach and tears rolling down his cheeks.
“They’re good people,” Castiel answered, nodding his head. “No rush. Once you’re healed enough to travel, we’ll continue on to Sam.”
“No,” Castiel shook his head as they rounded the corner and came upon the staircase, “Dean and his brother have been working on making all of the furniture, my clothing and belongs have already been sent up. Now all that’s missing is - ”
“What a wonderful meal! We should all be thankful and grateful for what we have, for our neighbors both new and old. Sleep well, my family.”
As comforting as Castiel’s breath beside him was, he couldn’t shake the feeling that they were missing something.
Castiel had plated up the saltines as if they were the best french bread rounds, the plate sitting in the center of the table beside the candles. Dean took the pot of soup simmering on the back burner and served them up the meal. As they crowded in around the small table, Dean felt himself finally relaxing back into the chair.
“What-” At the next stop sign, Dean leaned over and saw the tape Cas was holding. The paper label was slightly peeling off,
“Almost three hours,” Castiel answered, settling down on the ground and grimacing as he tried to get comfortable. “I’m sorry. It's my fault they found us,” Castiel sighed, shaking his head as he looked up at Dean. “I had to pee. Shouldn’t have left the barn...”
For now, the nurses kind of acted like their mommy -- they brought them food, helped them get dressed and changed, brought them medicine and even scolded Castiel like Mommy would’ve when he tried to turn his nose up at the sticky pink liquid.
The ride took them throughout the orchard, going past the strawberry and blueberry patches, and through the center of all the apple trees. At the top of the hill was a large, flat field, full of bright orange pumpkins and yellow squash.
Castiel made a soft noise of protest, his voice strained as he asked, “Can you get his other side? He’s too weak.”
“Dean, come on. Get a glass of water, take a leak, whatever you need to do. But then we have to go. We’re on a schedule, you know.” Benny stood, reaching over to pat Dean’s shoulder. Dean’s entire body felt as if it were plunged head first into a bucket of ice, and he found himself gasping for air. “I’m here to show you Christmas Past.”
“We have a camp,” one of the other men added, holding up his hands in the same fashion and joining his friend. “We have collected many survivors over the last few weeks. We have food, water, shelter. You’re welcome to join us, friends.”
“I miss warm showers,” Castiel answered finally, giving a shrug, “and socks that I changed daily instead of once a week.”
Castiel just nodded and pressed forward, leaning his entire body into Dean’s and dropping his head onto Dean’s shoulder.
Dean rolled his eyes and grabbed her arm, yanking her into the supply room. He ignored her “Kinky, Winchester.” and leaned against the door to give them a moment of privacy.
Sam accepted the answer and cuddled back down against Dean’s pillow, pulling the covers up under his throat. Dean smiled at him, watching as his little brother fell asleep, but pinched the underside of his arm every few minutes so that he wouldn’t fall asleep.
“We have to keep watch. There’s a woman upstairs to protect,” Castiel said, his face stony and serious. Dean raised a brow and Castiel gave a gummy grin, collapsing back against the sleeping bag as he started laughing. “That was funny. As if Jody couldn’t kick
"Must've made a deal with the right people," Castiel replied, smiling up at his mate. Honestly, it wasn't
“We don’t have a choice, now come on,” Dean hissed back as they moved around the large, plastic wrapped rolls of hay. He heard Castiel muttering something under his breath, but Dean ignored him, instead focusing on the sounds ahead of them.
As they came up on the resort, Dean’s eyes widened at the amount of light he could see. There was no way it was lit by fire, and as if Sam could hear his thoughts, he pointed in the distance where Dean could just barely make out a water wheel, twisting in the river.
“I won’t get your dad unless we need him,” Dean reassured him, dipping his head to find Jack’s eyes and giving him a smile. “But buddy, I can’t help you if you don’t tell me what’s going on.”
Castiel shook his head, fingers pulling Dean in even as he said, "We should probably talk..." His hands moved up the back of Dean’s shirt, gracing over his heated skin. The Alpha shivered under his touch and Castiel groaned, pressing in closer. “We really should, but…”
“Well, hopefully soon,” Naomi said before she started eating again. “You’re quite the catch, Castiel, you deserve to be happy.”
Castiel nosed along Dean's throat, feeling his mate shudder as he clenched around Dean's knot, milking another orgasm from his mate. When he found his spot, he wrapped his arms around Dean before sinking his teeth into the soft flesh. Heat went through them, making them both gasp, as their mating was sealed.
Castiel gave a small smile. While he had been closer to Gabriel, Anna and Jimmy were closest outside of the twins. Out of anyone in the house, Anna would probably understand. He thought it over for a moment, then nodded.
He was still thinking of Sam when he reached the Captain’s box, rapping his knuckles against the glass to get Benny’s attention. The other man was bundled head to toe, just his eyes and a puff of beard poking out over the scarf wrapped around him. He reached over and pushed open the door, Dean ducking under his outstretched arm to enter the small space.
Gabriel shook his head, then flopped back against Lucas’ pillow with a sigh. Lucas reached over and took Castiel’s hand, giving it a tight squeeze.
He’d contemplated heading out into the library and finding himself something to drink, but the effort it would take to get back out of bed and get there, making sure he didn’t wake up Sam on the way down the hallway, just wasn’t worth it.
Dean nodded at him and turned away, calling over his shoulder that he’d be right back. He passed Eileen coming down the hallway and he spun her around, calling Merry Christmas as he kissed her cheek. He made a pit stop in his bedroom to use the bathroom and brush his teeth, then changed into the pajama pants before heading towards Cas’ room. He knocked on the heavy door and waited.
The mall he passed was the same, a few cars even moving around. He was spotted by someone, the man parking his car and getting out, standing on the frame to glare over the top of the car as Dean passed by. He knew what that look meant, knew he wasn’t welcome, and he nodded once to let the man know he meant no trouble as he walked faster down the road.
Jack reached for it but made no other move, his shoulders stiff as if he were just barely holding himself together. Dean knew what that meant. Slowly, he peeled himself up from the bed, gritting his teeth at the stiffness in his leg. While the gunshot wound was healing, the mornings were by far the worst. He stretched the leg out, wincing at the movements, before joining Castiel and Jack at the island, accepting a mug of coffee with a nod.
“Shit,” Dean swore, realizing he left the mountain bike back at the graveyard. He would have to set up camp somewhere for the night and then make the rest of the trip tomorrow. He slowed, moving the truck to drive down the center of the two lanes and reached for the map. The stretch pulled on his shoulder and he hissed, wondering if it would be too soon to take more pain medication.
Claire rolled her eyes and took a sip of her Sprite. Then, surprising them both, she started talking. “I like this school better than my last one… and the teachers are good. They’re not like Mr. Cas, of course.” She gave a shrug and Dean glanced over the top of her head to see Castiel smile. “Um, ‘cause of the, uh, issue with the drinking… I have to see the school counselor once a week on top of a regular shrink.”
, making his head spin and his heart beat rapidly in his chest. He didn't know how he could ever get enough of this.
Lisa clicked her tongue and Castiel looked up, meeting her eyes. They both gave a nervous laugh and Castiel found himself smiling after.
“Of course we all know about it, Castiel. There’s no secrets in this house, you know that.” Anna rolled her eyes and Castiel bit his tongue on commenting. Only important secrets, apparently, were kept quiet. “Dean has been through a lot through the years, he’s not the same person he was when you were in high school.”
He’d moved quickly through the town, avoiding most of the residential neighborhoods after he saw people milling around. He wasn’t sure if they were
Dean couldn’t argue with that. Despite there still being a few hours of daylight, none of them had gotten any sleep the night before. “We left you the first room to the right,” Dean offered as Benny stepped off the stairs and onto the deck, Castiel and Dean standing up from the deck to meet him.
“She’s on her way, she had a last minute showing. When I got in the car she called and said they were wrapping up,” Gabriel answered, moving to put the dessert into the fridge. “I got the grill, go get the kids and yourself ready.”
Sam raised a brow as he looked at Dean’s choice of drink, but he turned to the side and reached into the cabinet, handing Dean a glass. Dean sighed and accepted it, pouring himself a glass of milk just to spite him. Sam pulled out one of the stools at the kitchen island and sat down, his knees bending up to fold into the small space between himself and the counter. Dean took his spot on the other side of the island, leaning down and taking a large drink of his milk.
Without concrete proof, their discovery of the bottled water and Roman Springs was simply theory. They didn’t know for
“It’s been… an issue for a little bit. She’s never drank this much before.” He stopped and looked at her, Claire swaying in the seat and bumping against him. “She has been throwing up for most of the night and was so confused she couldn’t tell me what her name was.”
Castiel sighed, holding the phone against his ear to stop the shaking. “She’s going to be okay. But… I don’t know how long we’re going to be here. Might be a few hours, might be overnight… they don’t…”
Dean took a moment to realize he wasn’t talking about the baby anymore and he threaded their fingers together, squeezing his hand. “I mean, I’m glad you did. But, Cas… it would’ve been okay if you hadn’t saved me. Just knowing that you, Jack, and the rest of them were going to be safe? I mean…” Dean gave a small huff, shrugging his shoulders in Cas’ embrace. “I was prepared for that to be my end,” Dean whispered.
Dean smiled sadly, finding Castiel's hand and twisting their fingers together before laying both on top of his chest. He sighed softly, leaning his head back into the grass and looking up at the night sky. "The late King Michael was not the original King, Cas. My father was."
Castiel raised a brow at the change - usually Dean would wave and then run back to his office to eat lunch quickly and curse himself for doing something stupid like waving - but seemed open to the conversation Dean was going to start. So far, so good, right?
Sam glanced over at Eileen, then leaned forward, pushing Cas’ arm down until the angel dropped the cards back on the table and sighed.
Castiel was fascinated as they walked through the town; Casern had encampments, not business and homes. There were people everywhere he looked, going about their various day to day business. He saw children running down the streets, playing with balls and toys, couples walking hand in hand with baskets of fresh fruits and vegetables. Merchants had their tables set up outside of their shops to sell their goods in the sunlight, foods and clothing, jewelry and other wares. It was a different world, one that Castiel hadn't even realized existed! Dean and Sam were easy to talk to as well, answering all of his questions without batting an eye. Castiel had long since stopped worrying that he sounded foolish, and both brothers were patient in all of their explanations.
“Can we build a fire pit, too?” Ben asked, jumping in his seat as he turned fully to face Dean. “Please? Please, Dad? Can we?”
“I’m sorry, Mrs. Novak,” Dean cut in smoothly, rising from his seat and taking their glasses and mugs to the sink, setting them in it gently. “I saw Castiel outside, neither one of us could sleep it seems, so we decided to catch up.”
Castiel swallowed hard, unsure what to say. There was no way - Dean was the one who - she had to be wrong.
They’d gone at a steady pace, Benny and Jack up in the cabin, steering the vessel along the water. Castiel had gone to check on them, making sure that Jack wasn’t getting in Benny’s way, and found the two of them laughing while Benny showed Jack the ropes, teaching him how to run the ship. He’d proclaimed Jack his co-captain, and Castiel had left them to it, returning to Dean to report back with a smile.
He barely felt Castiel touch his shoulder, barely heard Charlie say she’d stay with him, barely saw Castiel moving, carefully, forward with his gun drawn into the building. He wasn’t even sure how long Castiel was gone, but the expression on his face did not match the scene they were looking at.
They needed a map. They needed supplies. And most importantly, they needed winter gear. Bundled in everything they could find, they set out at the morning’s first light through a bright, white covering of snow. Though Dean was immediately cursing their luck, Charlie quickly pointed out it would give them the advantage if there were any humans or lifeless around.
Claire shrugged at that before offering, “I mean, she is his best friend. Her opinion of you matters.”
“We will,” Dean promised, leaning down to kiss Gilda’s forehead, then Charlie’s. “But you guys all need to rest first.”
The few cars he managed to pass were locked or spoken for, someone firing a shotgun in his direction as he picked up a rock to smash out one of the windows. Soon, the effort of getting over guardrails or up and down embankments made checking out the cars not worth the effort.
Castiel shook his head slowly, his eyes narrowing. “No, we’re not,” he answered. “You are going to remove yourself from our camp immediately, and take your friend with you. Then, I won’t have to kill either one of you.”
Castiel looked away for a moment, back at the Christmas tree, and for a moment Dean thought he was looking right at him. “Thank you,” Castiel whispered back, “for being mine.”
The entire time he traveled through Des Moines, Dean had been on edge, expecting it to be the end. It had been a struggle getting the bike through all of the checkpoints, the military gates surrounding the city were not made to be broken into, and he half expected to run into a creature at every turn.
“People relax. Lights out at nine, so most of us shower, read, get the kids ready for bed… just down time.” Benny cocked his head to the side, looking over them before he smiled. “You guys want to know where the showers are?”
Castiel let out a soft sob as Dean pulled him in, closing the distance between them completely as he pressed their lips together. Castiel’s hands came up between them and for a moment, Dean was sure he was going to shove him away. Then his fingers tightened in Dean’s shirt, pulling him closer, holding onto him tight.
As the meal began to wind down, a handful of people stood up and began clearing the table and the three chefs stood up to take away the carts of food. Jack moved to help, but Kevin stopped him with a hand to his arm and a shake of his head.
"Jess, it's not really that bad in here..." Sam said as he turned back to her, looking around the space. Castiel took the chance to look around as well, realizing that they the rest of the downstairs space was a small living quarters. They were standing in, what he assumed, as Jess and Sam's sitting room.
Beside him, Castiel snorted and picked up a knife, handing it to Dean. Dean met his eyes and gave a small shrug, bumping into his shoulder before dropping his fork back down and cutting into the meat. “He finds me charming,” Dean mumbled around his mouthful, grinning wide at Charlie. Beside her, Gilda made a face, but Charlie laughed before looking down at her plate, still smirking.
Castiel felt his own face flush and he kept his eyes trained on the side of Dean’s neck, not wanting to see the waiter’s expression, just knowing the man had heard him. Dean swallowed hard, his pulse beating rapidly against his throat, and he nodded.
It had been the beginning of the end, though Castiel hadn’t known it at the time. His parents did not react the way he expected them to; they immediately dismissed him, told him he was going through a phase, he couldn't
So, instead, he stayed frozen, staring down at the menu in front of him as if it had personally offended him, the hair on the back of his neck raised as he felt those blue eyes pinned on the back of his head. He saw Ben shift up onto his knees, too, but he couldn’t speak, couldn’t tell Ben to sit down, hyper aware that his every single move was being watched.
“Whoa, Cas,” Dean said softly, stepping away from the car and closing the distance between them. He reached up and slid his hands over Castiel’s cheeks, the other man’s teeth clicking as he snapped his mouth shut and met Dean’s eyes. “You’re panicking.” Castiel dropped his arms in defeat, his hair a mess from yanking on handfuls of it.
The man’s eyes narrowed as he sighed heavily, shoving his gun into the waistband of his jeans. “Don’t make me regret this,” he muttered, turning around to look at the woman. “This will be on you, Anna.”
Dean parked across the block in the bank parking lot, and together he and Ben crossed the street over to the bakery. Although the parking spots outside on the street were all taken, there were only four people milling about in the shop.
“Oh, so you can’t think for yourself now? You did everything I said, sure, but when the situation changes-”
“Hush,” Castiel whispered back, hooking his chin over Dean’s shoulder and giving him a squeeze. “We don’t know that. They could be well hidden, they could be on the outskirts of town. If your brother is anything like you? He’s stubborn and resourceful, he’s smart and he’s not going out without a damn fight.”
He was completely consumed in his day dream, he nearly slammed right into the man starring in them. “Dean!” he gasped as he just barely stopped himself from slopping beer down the Alpha’s front.
“Ew, not in front of my child!” Charlie groaned, pretending to hide her face. “He’s innocent! Far too young to be corrupted.”
Dean gave a small laugh and took the proffered seat, sitting stiffly beside Castiel and glancing over at him. There was something fluttering in the middle of Castiel’s stomach, a relief from the gnawing fear over Claire and the worry he was imposing too much on Gabriel by dropping off Jack. There was a heaviness between them, and Castiel was too fucking tired to analyze it further.
“We’re going to need one of those,” Dean said as he pointed toward the lake. “We need something that will protect us.”
He also forced himself not to look at the black Chevy Impala sitting in the third spot as he walked past.
” He dipped his head back and smiled at them, Dean still trying to puzzle together what the hell he meant. “Let us break our fast and get to today’s work.”
“Sam!” Dean yelled, pushing himself in front of his brother who was stirring a mug of hot tea. He waved his arms, punching his fists through Sam’s chest and face. “Goddamn it, Sam! We pick up on spirits for a fucking living! SAM!”
“We can go through that in the morning,” Castiel answered gently. “Tonight, set out your personal belongings and get some sleep. Dean and I will be in soon after you.”
Silence fell over the room and Anna finally tore her eyes away from Castiel to look at her mate. Castiel inhaled sharply, but held his tongue; Balthazar’s expression was guarded, stony and silent. Castiel had no inkling of what the King was thinking. Anna’s hand was soft on her mate’s arm, her thumb rubbing gently over his exposed skin from his rolled-up sleeves. She kept her focus on Balthazar, but had a knowing smile on her lips which eased some of Castiel’s nerves.
“Theoretically,” Benny agreed. They tracked out their route, Benny making marks on the map with a bright red sharpie, including an alternative route. “I’ll have you follow behind me,” Benny said as he folded up the map and pushed away from the table. “Just in case there’s trouble, you can get the girls out of there.”
"No," Dean shook his head, biting his lower lip, "it's not that I didn't think I didn't deserve it, but rather... I didn't think I would be lucky enough to find it. I always thought it was a fairytale, like my mother used to share. When Sam found Jess... well, I just figured he was one lucky son of a bitch, you know?"
They worked together side by side to cook dinner, Castiel chopping up some vegetables to roast and Dean making a fresh alfredo sauce. As the pasta was cooking, Castiel pressed Dean into the corner of the counters, kissing him until the pasta water boiled over.
“There was a small group, three of them,” Jack started, walking over to the girls. Charlie gave a loud sob and reached for Samwise, pulling him and Jack between her and Gilda.
Sam looked down at his lap, sighing softly. When he looked up, Eileen was smiling at him gently. “I don’t know how to help him.”
“Shut up, Castiel,” Sam cut him off, the tone of his voice making Dean jump. Castiel stared back at him sheepishly and nodded his head. “Thank you,” Sam said softer, pushing up to stand and starting to pick up the bottles.
Castiel stared just as hard as Dean tried not to, watching the deep red flush that moved up the back of his neck and over his ears. Beside him, Jack was now nearly hanging off the back of the seat, pressing into Dean’s shoulder as he talked animatedly to Dean’s
Dean nodded and then called for his brother, then went to get four plates from the kitchen. Sam and Jess both greeted Castiel warmly, a hug from Sam and a kiss on the cheek from Jess. Then the four of them sat around the table, Dean dishing out heaping servings of food on each plate.
“You know I am sorry, right?” Dean said as Gabriel grabbed the two smaller pumpkins, leaving the last for Dean to grab and to shut the trunk. “For everything?”
Castiel shook his head, giving him a small smile and then waved him towards the kitchen. “I picked up some wine… I figured we could have one now and the second bottle with dinner. Red or white?” he asked over his shoulder as he opened the fridge.
“Yeah, I’m glad she’s finally moved on officially. I mean,” he paused and tried not to grimace, “I’m not thrilled about the stories I get to hear about how
No, Castiel wouldn’t fall victim to Chuck’s plan, and he wouldn’t let anything happen to Jack, either. Charlie, Gilda, Benny, the baby… Castiel would get them all out of this alive. Dean smiled, letting himself imagine Castiel finding Sam, the two of them combining forces to create a compound that was everything Chuck’s
“You kept it,” Castiel whispered and Dean glanced over again, trying to see which tape he held. “You actually kept it?”
“I love you,” Dean whispered against his mouth and Castiel just held him tightly, kissing him back. No other words needed to be said, because Castiel knew and he got it, just like Dean knew Castiel felt exactly the same. Despite every bump in the road, it was all worth it to lead back to this. When Dean pulled back, he pressed their foreheads together and gave a small laugh.
“Shit!” Gilda gasped, dropping the gun to the ground and stumbling back, falling against the wall. “I could’ve fucking shot you guys!”
“Deal,” Dean said, interrupting. Castiel gave him a smile though, so he knew he was forgiven for being rude. “If there’s no safe way to cross the lakes, we’ll find an alternative route.”
"Doesn't matter now," Dean answered, hugging him tight. "Now, I feel like the richest man in the world."
"What... is it?" Castiel asked, shifting to look at it closer, making sure he didn't accidentally bump into it.
“Who said that?” Dean asked, forcing himself to keep the anger out of his tone. He moved immediately, sitting on the bed beside Jack and opening his arm. Jack fell against him, hauling the blanket with him.
The move to New York City had been a spur-of-the-moment decision, brought upon by another woman he’d never anticipated. Meg Masters, his best friend and co-worker. Where Kelly had been a whirlwind, Meg was a hurricane, furious and wild and strong. Weeks after the accident, Meg decided for both of them that a change was in order, and she nearly dragged him out of the apartment where he had built a life with Kelly, threatening to pack his essentials herself.
Dean raised the pistol and fired as Anna’s body crashed into them. Dean was barely able to grab the door to stop himself from hitting the ground. Uriel was preoccupied, feasting on Alfie’s warm body, but Dean knew it wouldn’t be long before his attention turned.
“I am glad to see each and every one of you have returned safely.” He beamed out at them, then turned his attention to the three newcomers. “As you may have noticed, we have new faces in our midst.”
Dean glanced to the right and saw Mrs. Tran looking over her son’s head, studying them. So far, she was the only one that Charlie and Gilda had been able to convince and she was currently working on her son. How the girls had managed to calmly and rationally tell people that their lives were in danger, that Chuck was planning a massacre… Dean had no idea.
Chuckling, Gabriel took a large bite and shook his head, bits of pastry falling onto his chest. “No, it’s pretty freaking nice. And the bedroom towards the back has its own bathroom, too.”
Castiel chuckled and gave Dean a shrug as he took the recliner chair. Meg sipped her wine and Dean counted down backwards from
He felt Cas’ hands on his cheeks, his vision blurred as he tried to focus on Cas’ face. The last thing he heard was Castiel’s broken voice, “Dean, fuck, Dean… You’re okay, you have to be okay…” and his last thought was of how fucking blue Castiel’s eyes were.
“Either way, Cassie, I think you’d make a fine plane flyin’ pilot. Especially with those awesome airplane noises.”
There wasn’t much work for them to do; the monthly tune-ups had been completed and none of the generators needed to be repaired, so they all sat around waiting for something to be called in on the radio.
Together, they stepped forward to take Balthazar and Anna’s spots, the newly married mates moving around the table to stand with Anna’s father.
With that, Jo grabbed the back of his scrubs and yanked him backwards, letting herself out of the storage room and disappearing down the hall. Dean sighed and straightened his top, cracking his neck before heading back out onto the floor. He knew he had no right to try and police Jo and her relationship with Castiel, but he wished he could be a fly on the wall for their conversation…
Lisa gave him a small nod and then Castiel stepped up to her and gave her a tight hug. She breathed out a sigh and hugged him back just as tightly. When Castiel backed up out of the driveway, Lisa gave a little wave, and he felt a hundred times lighter than he had.
Hesitating for a moment, Castiel gave in and laid down in the grass, turning onto his side so that he could look at Dean. The Alpha looked peaceful, beautiful in the sunlight. He didn’t know how to explain this feeling inside of him, but he felt like he could lay in the field beside Dean forever.
Castiel smiled at him and beckoned him forward, Dean all but helpless as he obeyed. He stepped in between Castiel’s legs, leaning down to capture his lips in a hello. His hands were warm at Dean’s hips, fingers dipping below the waist band of Dean’s jeans and tugging him in closer.
“Oh, no, I don’t want to miss a second of this awkward reunion from hell,” she answered back, holding a cup of tea between her hands, her eyes shining with excitement. “Please, continue, I don’t think the rest of the restaurant got a good enough look at your dirty laundry.”
Dean was quiet for a moment, mulling the thought over. “Anna was an oversharer,” Dean said finally, shaking his head. “If she believed one of them was immune, she would’ve blabbed that the moment we walked through the front doors.”
“It’s a big step,” Castiel started and Claire’s eyes widened, a nervous smile on her lips as she nodded back at him. “Remember two things… whatever you don’t like today? Whatever drives you nuts, whatever makes you want to pull out your hair - that is never going to change. That’s Kaia, just like you’re
Dean bit back a response and instead pointed towards the old shoebox of cassette tapes at Ben’s feet. Ben’s eyes lit up at being given the opportunity to pick and he immediately dug through them, shoving a beat up copy of Queen into the tape deck. They both rolled down their windows, and by the time they were halfway down North 1800, they were both singing Bohemian Rhapsody at the top of their lungs.
“You’re welcome to stay out here with us!” Anna slurred, lifting her head up sleepily from her makeshift pillow. On the other side of her, Uriel was busy trying to wake Alfie up and get him to drink a bottle of water.
“Dinner’s ready,” Jody said, giving him a small smile as she reached in to help him scrub the clothes. They worked quickly but efficiently, Jody emptying and refilling the tub with cold water twice before the water was clear. By the time they had rung out the clothes and had them hanging on the shower curtain rod, Castiel had made his way up the stairs and was standing at the doorway watching them.
“Dude,” Dean wheezed out, laughing even harder, “we’re in the closet and you’re threatening me with the wet spot!”
“I promise that from now on, I’ll wait,” Jack said softly. “That we work together as a team. I don’t… I don’t want anything to happen to either one of you and I don’t want you to be worried about me.”
When Castiel returned to the room, Claire was lying on her side, curled up with the single pillow on the stretcher, and completely passed out. Castiel glanced at the monitor, seeing that the numbers hadn’t changed much from when Jo had been in there, and forced himself to relax.
to sink into. Claire’s room had a large bay window and a reading nook, which she was already sprawled out upon, pushing open the large window for the warm summer air to come through.
Dean had been placed in mechanics, using what he knew to keep the giant generators running as well as the trucks they used to scout further out and carry back supplies. The armored trucks Charlie had believed Chuck to have were really oversized pickups with embellishments on the outside to ‘protect them’. Dean didn’t see how barbed wire threaded around a front bumper would be a better weapon than, say, the bumper itself with the weight of the vehicle behind it, but he supposed it didn’t really matter.
“All of God’s creatures must feed,” Chuck answered with a shrug, lifting the glass to his lips. He sipped with the most obnoxious sound and Dean wasn’t sure if he wanted to down his own shot or throw the tumbler at Chuck’s head. “All we can do is trust He has a plan for us, that He will lead us to safety, and that through our numbers we will persevere.”
But he was almost through Illinois, and Sioux Falls and Bobby were that much closer. If the roadways remained clear and the weather held out, he estimated it would take him another five hundred miles or so. If he maintained traveling at least twelve hours a day, it should only take him another two or three days.
Jack was quiet for a moment, the three of them falling in line as they walked to the end of the parking lot. The group they were following were ahead of them, paused at a split in the road. Garth smiled wide when he saw they were following and they turned to the left, walking down the street Dean had originally driven down.
Dean jumped and spun around, Cas coming down from the opposite end of the hall, hair wet and towel hanging over his shoulders from a shower.
“Louisiana,” Benny confirmed with a nod, taking a moment to swallow before winking as Kevin turned his head in disgust. “But I moved up here, oh, I don’t know… Going on six years now? I am - was a Recruit Division Commander out of the Naval Station in Chicago. We tried to hold the city for a while,” Benny shrugged, looking down at his plate as he cleared his throat, “but you’ve seen it out there, brother.”
“Actually,” Castiel gave a small shrug, “I haven’t had a chance to see the town yet. I would love to.”
Castiel bit back a response and followed as Dean turned and started walking away. He kept a pace behind Dean, close enough to follow where he was showing him and the tidbits of information he shared.
"Ellen, this is Castiel. Cas, this is my foster mom, Ellen," Dean shifted to the side, letting Castiel get closer to the bar so he could shake Ellen's hand.
“If you truly believed that, you wouldn't have been smiling from ear to ear since the moment you woke up. I was starting to think the counselors were going to ask if you were alright, you seemed quite pleased about taxes this morning.”
“His plan has always been almighty, and we have never been one to question it. We follow blindly, happily, into the unknown despite every obstacle that is thrown our way. Where has this led us, however? It’s led us into the trial and tribulations of his doing and the only place for us to go is up. Together, we will survive. We will overcome the new trinity and become a new end.”
Castiel chuckled and was about to ask what type of pie Ellen usually made, when the woman herself called out loudly, "Alright, Dean!" She down a few pints and slid them over the polished wood to the patrons at the other end. "You're up!"
Dean nodded, pulling his bottom lip into his mouth, thinking. “Yeah, we can do something caramel. Just don’t let your Uncle Gabe know we didn’t head over to his place.”
The comment did nothing to curb Dean’s laughter, and he fell to his knees, laughing until tears were streaming down his face. Castiel gave a soft huff of a laugh and ignored him, going through their things until he found a flashlight to turn on so he could shut and lock the closet door.
Castiel reached up to take it, holding it carefully as he withdrew it from the sheath. His eyes widened as the water-steel gleamed in the overhead lights. “He took care of these weapons. And they are high-quality,” he said softly as he tested the balance before sheathing it.
“What are you thinking about?” Sam asked, leaning forward and resting his elbows on his knees. Castiel turned his head and gave a small shrug.
“Dean?” Sam asked, coming up behind him and placing his hand on the back of Dean’s chair. “Are you okay?”
new here, and I know nothing about anyone. I am finding myself in the business of making new friends, and I would be happy to get to know you as you see fit.”
So, with Meg once again moving him forward, Castiel packed their new small family into the car, all of their things stored up in a U-Haul, and headed towards a small farm town just outside of Lawrence, Kansas. Jack was excited to see his Uncle Gabriel and Castiel had hyped him up about starting first grade at a brand new school with brand new friends. Claire was less than thrilled at the prospect of starting her freshman year at a new high school without any friends, but she’d put up much less of a stink than Castiel had originally anticipated.
“Dean and Castiel brought back an SUV that should fit all of us. It’ll be tight with all of our bags, so we need to decide if we should divide into two cars or not.”
Gabriel hummed softly, but thankfully stayed quiet. Anna came from the kitchen with two mugs of coffee, handing one to Castiel before taking a seat on the couch across from them.
"Bobby! You're not supposed to be on their side," Dean argued, glaring between him and then back at Sam.
“Hey,” Claire said, looking over Kali’s outfit. Her eyes widened when she got to the thin, heeled red shoes. “How do you not break your neck in those?”
“Come on, come on,” Balthazar said, ignoring their looks and spinning on his heel. “If I have to calm your Alpha down one more time, I’ll drag you out of here myself.”
“No,” he growled, looking away from his pack shoved at the bottom of the closet behind Becky’s feet. “They’re going to stop you!”
Dean nodded and went to the SUV, pulling out his katana. “Benny and I will clear the house,” he said as Jack came over to the side of the car with him. “You and Cas stay here with the girls,” he ordered and Jack nodded quickly, reaching in for the diaper bag and sliding it over his shoulder.
“Just... collecting my… things.” Castiel’s words were stilted, but Gabriel nodded anyway, understanding. Out of all of his siblings (the ones who were still alive anyway), Gabriel was the most supportive and the one Castiel was closest to.
“Come on,” Castiel chuckled, picking up their clothes and taking them with him. “I’ll be right back.” He jogged up the stairs, chilly now that he wasn’t pressed into Dean’s warmth, and tossed the clothes into the hamper in his room. He pulled out two pairs of sleep pants and t-shirts, pulling a set on himself before taking the other back downstairs. If the pair of pants he got for Dean were his slightly smaller ones, well, he was only human. “We’ll cook dinner and then we’ll crawl into bed.”
Castiel glanced over and saw Balthazar smiling softly at him, nodding his head. He laid his hand on the table and Castiel took it, giving him a reassuring squeeze.
Dean nodded and shrugged his shoulders, leaning back into the couch. “Yeah, we kept in touch… after a few years, anyway. When you first left… Gabriel was pretty angry with me.”
Someone was screaming, and Dean realized it was him, his fingers feeling like they were electrocuted as he tried to pry the chains from his body.
He thought he was over this, thought he was past the way his stomach would flip and his heart would clench when it came to the other man. But no, he’d just hidden it within other memories of Kelly, of Meg and Claire and Jack. He’d called Dean a friend, at first just to shut Claire up from asking any more questions about the nature of their relationship - he hadn’t expected Dean to be so… happy about it. To accept it so easily.
Castiel hoped he came across as easy going and pleasant when he smiled at her. Inside, he felt like exploding. He cleared his throat and turned, watching as Dean pushed away from the windowsill and came to join them. He kept his eyes off of Castiel’s face, instead focusing on the center of his chest as he held out his hand.
At the door, Castiel paused and found himself smiling slightly. Walking out of this chamber that had been his home for the last four months, was reminiscent from the last time he’d walked out of his chambers in the mountains. His stomach was knotted, nervous, but it was fluttering with an excitement he hadn’t had on his last adventure.
“You’re not fucked up,” Castiel said firmly, reaching forward to grab Dean’s arm. “How -” he stopped himself and shook his head. “You don’t have to tell me, Dean. Not if you don’t want to.”
As breakfast wrapped up, their small group hesitated at the table, watching the rest of the camp jump into action to clean up and get to their jobs. When they were as alone as they could be, Charlie leaned over the table and the rest of them leaned forward.
“There was a group that was already there that was not interested in sharing their area. They had a… join us or we’ll kill you type of attitude. Though, since we’ve left the city, they haven’t bothered us at all.” Sam shrugged and clicked the radio on, silence falling over them as the static cleared and he opened a line of communication. “This is Ginormatron, we have some new additions. Four wagons and a boat, please.”
When they’d first seen the town pop up on the horizon, they had been relieved. A night spent inside four walls instead of on the cold, hard ground sounded like a dream. However, on the main highway coming into the town, they looked up and saw that the water tower had been painted with the very clear message “TRESPASSERS WILL BE SHOT”.
Dean nodded and slipped his backpack from his back, tucking it in the corner and picking up his machete. Castiel followed suit, attaching his hunter’s knife to his pants and swinging the strap of his katana over his shoulder.
“Well, as much as that sounds like a good plan for you, it doesn’t work for me. You see, my friend here is gravely injured. And while Mick and I have had such a wonderful run together -”
He found Castiel’s hand beneath the sleeping bag over them and gave his fingers a squeeze. “Love you.”
“She would’ve been proud of you.” Castiel cleared his throat, shifting to get more comfortable in the dirt. Dean moved to sit beside him, finally looking at the mess before them. The flames were almost gone, though the scent of the thick smoke was still heavy in the air.
“Take me home,” he demanded, turning around and glaring at Missouri. The woman stared back at him, silent, and Dean glared and stormed off, swearing when the parking lot once again turned into Sam’s room.
Charlie’s smile fell and Gilda answered instead. “No, he got the entire camp up for a ‘celebratory feast’ at midnight. Everyone ate and drank the toast… well, except us of course, and Mrs. Tran.  But she said she won’t leave Kevin, even if that means…” Gilda shook her head and placed a hand over her swollen stomach. “They’re all gone, Dean.”
“I just…” Castiel trailed off and leaned forward, Charlie immediately reaching in her back pocket for a flashlight and clicking it on. “Thank you, Charlie,” Castiel said with a smile and then gasped. “Yes! Here! Look, Dean.”
"You're so beautiful," Dean broke the silence, his fingers brushing down the side of Castiel's face and tipping up his chin. "How did I get so damn lucky?"
Sam rolled his eyes, standing up to get a wad of paper towels to mop up his crotch. From the glower thrown his way, Dean knew he wasn’t successful. He snorted again and leaned back in the chair. “I knew he wasn’t going to stick around,” Dean muttered, watching as Sam paused in his movements, glancing up at him.
“So, this is Phoenix,” Dean said as he reached for the iron lock and slid it open. “She’s a fine rider. The late king used to favor her…” Dean trailed off as used to lead rope to guide Phoenix out into the center of the barn. He tied her to a post and got to work getting her saddled. When she was set, Dean stepped back and clapped his hands together.
“What will this mean for you, Cas?” Dean asked, reaching his hand across the table. Castiel took it without hesitation, giving him a small smile.
“Oh no,” he whispered, leaning his head back against the seat. Claire had a crush. He was so not ready for teenage dating… He looked in the rearview mirror, seeing Jack had looked up when he spoke. “You’re not allowed to date until you’re forty.”
Castiel nodded and then glanced over at Jack. Dean followed his gaze and saw the younger man smile, excited at the idea of getting to ride with Benny. It made Dean smile, knowing how well they hit it off.
His flesh was torn and ragged, and he sure as hell needed stitches. He gave a small laugh wondering if anyone was still running a hospital in the end of the world. Sutures simply weren’t in the cards for him, but he’d gained gauze and an ace wrap in the city so he dug those out. After a moment of hesitation, he squeezed the entire tube of antibacterial ointment into the wound bed and hissed as that, too, burned.
“This is my job, Dean,” Castiel interrupted him quickly, squaring his shoulders as he turned to face the other man head-on. “Despite our… past relationship, I am perfectly capable of being a professional and I expect you to do the same. We are coworkers, nothing more. And if you can’t simply show me around the school-”
“No,” Charlie answered simply and Dean did look at her for that. “The feeling you have right now? The one that’s making you angry, the one that's making you lash out at me?” She shrugged and stood, clapping her hands in front of her. “You’re a dick, Winchester.”
When they were finally settled, Dean’s back was pressed against the cold metal of the ship’s wall, his arm and leg thrown over Castiel and holding him close. Castiel was on his back, almost on the edge of the bed, his arm around Dean’s waist in return.
“I’m going to go through our things,” Castiel said softly, his hand trailing over Dean’s shoulders before he left with Jack in tow. Dean looked up and saw Benny was looking at him and he nodded, knowing Benny still wanted to talk about their plan.
Castiel wrinkled his nose and twisted to look at Gabe. He had no idea what she was talking about. Gabe’s eyes were narrowed slightly and he placed his bacon down on his plate.
Dean laughed and pushed open the door, holding it for Castiel. Dean walked to the furthest sink, giving Castiel enough space in the small bathroom. Despite it being a women’s bathroom, he figured the urinal etiquette was still in place as Castiel stayed at the fourth sink, with two remaining between them.
Naomi actually looked disappointed and Castiel felt Gabriel’s leg press against his under the table, a small sign of support.
“We have gas now,” he said, glancing up at Castiel. “We could go south and skirt around Chicago, or we could try and go north. I don’t know what the Canadian border is going to look like.”
When they reached the small barn, the pair felt silent, Castiel taking the left while Dean took the right. If Dean wasn’t so hyper aware of what was going on around them, he would’ve been impressed at how flawlessly they worked together, clearing the area without having to utter a word.  By the time they met up on the other side of the barnby the main doors, Dean was sending out a silent prayer that it would be unlocked.
“So, I’m seeing the past isn’t staying in the past,” he started and Dean sighed, wondering if everyone in Castiel’s life was going to question him whenever they got him alone.
Dean waited for Castiel and they set off towards the school together. The silence between them was comfortable, but it let him think about his conversation with Meg, and more recently, with Lisa. He had spent the rest of the weekend thinking about what he was going to do with their newfound ‘friendship’ and his rediscovered feelings…
“Not sure that’s how it works buddy,” Dean chuckled and motioned for Cas to set up a sleeping area. “Pretty sure that’s never how it works.”
The Winchester house was all lit up, something Castiel wasn’t used to at all. Growing up, he’d been friends with the oldest Winchester son, Dean, having been closer in age to him than to Sam. High school pulled them apart, that and the fact that it was Dean Winchester that made Castiel realize his preference was not for girls.
“I already went to the shed! I pulled all of the camping gear to the front and Mom had kept boxes of Dad’s old clothing. Some of it fit both of you if you wanted to look.”
There was something so soothing about the other man’s presence, something Castiel had definitely not anticipated. He got along with the kids, joked around with Gabriel, had Kali’s stamp of approval… his only hang up was the heavy history of their past. And of course, Meg had continued to text him gifs of Elsa saying “Let it go”.
“Nothing,” Castiel answered softly, shaking his head. “You’re just an amazing man, Dean Winchester.” He leaned forward, kissing Dean gently before pulling himself up from the deck. Dean sat there for a moment, surprised, before he reached out and grabbed the leg of Cas’ pants.
Sam raised an eyebrow and then smirked. “You know, our foster mom owns a pub in town and she makes the best shepherd's pie and honey cakes.”
Both Castiel and Dean jumped as the main light was turned on and Mrs. Novak walked into the kitchen, holding her robe tightly shut as she squinted against the sudden brightness. “What on Earth?”
If he closed his eyes, he could picture it… crawling into bed after Castiel, holding him close. Dean could
The boy across the street was Jack Kline, the child Castiel had called CPS on earlier in the week. Which meant, the man chasing after him and lobbing snowballs at him,
Castiel laid his hand over her calf. “Are you feeling better?” he asked and Claire shrugged, looking away from him.
Dean smiled softly, thinking of Sam as a teenager. He filed away the information about Claire - was she adopted?
Charlie was ahead of them, moving fast and then sliding on the ice. It made Dean smile to watch her. Benny, Gilda, and Jack were back at the house washing their clothing and keeping the baby safe while the rest searched for a sign of Sam.
“Bal,” she started, squeezing her mate’s arm. Balthazar swallowed hard but tore his eyes away from Castiel to look at her. “We’ve talked about this before, talked about what it would be like to eat dinner together, to share our bed chambers without having to sneak around. To raise our kids as your children, without hiding them or worrying about their lineage if someone were to suspect they weren’t yours and Castiel’s.”
“Deal,” Castiel agreed, a smile breaking over his lips. He opened his arms and Jo hesitated only once before stepping into them and giving him a hug.
Dean took his time picking through the cabinets of the help desk, out of habit looking for anything that would be useful. But Castiel was standing over by the rack of maps, muttering under his breath as he threw weather damaged pamphlets into a pile on the floor.
“Well,” Jessica said, clapping her hands together, “I know we don’t have much space here, but you’re more than welcome to join us. Dean has a room in the back, but its quite small… I suppose we could swap out Dean’s room with the nursery…”
Dean blew out a slow breath, walking down the dashed line of the road he was on. It had been eight days since the official end of the world, and despite wanting to laugh at that thought being dramatic, it was entirely the truth. The bag over his shoulders was heavy, sweat dripping down his spine and collecting at the small of his back. It wasn’t heavy enough, however.
Dean squeezed the blade in his hand, resisting the urge to peek over the counter and see what they were dealing with. Two voices didn’t necessarily mean only two people, and he tapped the back of Cas’ calf, glancing up to see Cas holding out three fingers. Bingo. Three against two…
“Come on,” Castiel said softly before Jack could retort, and pushed both of them forward. “Try to blend in.”
“Cas, come on. You know that’s not true!” Sam argued quickly, scrambling up from his crouch to follow after Castiel.
The wooden sign up ahead of them claimed they were at Mohonk Mountain House Gate House, the road ahead of them completely barricaded by vehicles and trees. There was a revving of an engine and Dean reached for the door lock as two snowmobiles came out from behind the guard shack, their riders covered from head to toe in black snow gear. Dean stared out at them, the two riders coming to stop at the side of the vehicle.
you do laundry,” Castiel quipped, earning himself a half-hearted glare as Dean picked up the candle and motioned for Jody to lead them downstairs.
“I wasn’t there, but I know that Garth, Kevin, and Jesse weren’t the only ones from the camp there with you. If you had tried something? You wouldn’t be here right now. As for letting you into the camp… once you’re here, what are you going to do?”
Castiel nodded, then cleared his throat. “I’m going to give you a free pass today, we both need sleep. In the comfortable beds we have at home. But we are going to be discussing this and there will be punishment.”
Jessica’s eyes sparkled as she raised her glass. “So,” she said as she leaned forward, “does this mean what I think it means?”
“Uriel was drinking this all night long, and Anna told me that they’d found a few bottles in the kitchen before we got into the supplies. Those Lifeless were in a storeroom with food and supplies that easily could’ve lasted them months, and yet… only four bottles of water were missing. Roman Springs,” Dean shook the bottle, Castiel flinching back from it, “is the kind of water Lisa bought. It’s what she would drink
“Castiel,” Naomi said gently, and Castiel closed the lid to the grill, holding the plate of food in front of him like a shield as he turned to look at her. She had an expression on her face he couldn’t determine, and he felt his stomach twist in anticipation. “I just want you to know how proud I am of you.”
Sam swallowed hard and nodded his head, turning away to pull a package of bacon and a carton of eggs from the fridge. Dean smiled at his back and almost missed it when Sam said, “Me too, Dean. I… I love you too.”
Charlie collapsed on the empty mattress, leaving Dean to climb over his and Cas’ mess of blankets, both of them laying down and facing the other.
“I fear that Chuck has… control of this marina. I heard a few bits of the conversation at the next table, and it appears they have a few ships. They do fishing, patrols on the water, and I want to make sure that if we take a boat from here, we won’t be…” Castiel trailed off as someone walked by them, nodding hello before they twisted down a next aisle of cots.
Something flickered over Castiel’s face and he was suddenly gone, falling back on the mattress with his arms over his chest and looking away from Dean. Dean immediately felt the loss and after a moment, when it was clear Castiel wasn’t going to respond, Dean turned on his side and reached for him.
"My son." Castiel looked up as his father strode into the bedchamber, his robes billowing out behind him as he slid gracefully over the marble floor. The King's smile was kind and warm as he gazed upon his only son. "You look handsome."
Castiel smiled and reached up, cupping Dean's cheek and pulling him down for a kiss. "I can't say I'm upset you didn't find this before now," he said honestly, "though I'm sorry you felt you never would."
Claire narrowed her eyes at him and opened her mouth, then quickly thought better of whatever she was going to say and shut it again. It was strange. Dean had learned there wasn’t much that the girl was afraid to say.
“Well,” Charlie broke the silence, looking down each side of the street before turning back to the boys, “right or left?”
Castiel blinked at him for a moment, clearly not expecting the request. Dean swallowed hard, hating that he couldn’t tell what the other man was thinking. Once upon a time, he could read Castiel like a book. Now…
“Um, Uncle Zack is here?” Gabriel drew out the question, and Vicki shook her head, her smile never wavering.
“She sounds pretty important,” Dean suggested and Castiel bit back a smirk at the jealous tone in his voice.
“I will. And I’ll… well, I bring Ben back to Lisa’s around four. I can drop Jack off then unless you need to pick him up earlier?”
He gasped as John’s voice was suddenly gone, the silence snapping around him like a rubber band, pressing in on him even harder than the chains had been. Everything in the kitchen was still, silent. The light over the stove flickered in its yellow haze once, twice, and then Dean closed his eyes and succumbed to darkness.
Throughout the meal, Dean watched the dynamic of Meg with Jack and Claire, and how Meg made a point to include Ben, too. He found himself smiling and slowly relaxing, and Castiel reached beneath the table to squeeze his leg.
“Yes.” Castiel nodded his head, squeezing Dean’s hand once more. “And I think you’ll appreciate the land we’ve been given. You see, it’s close enough to the castle so that we can both do our jobs, but private. There’s room for our own horses and children to run and play, a river and I’ve been told at night -”
“It’s not!” Castiel argued, jogging a few steps in front of Dean and turning, grabbing his shoulders and holding him in place. “We’ll scout the area first, and if it's too dangerous, we’ll leave!”
And wasn’t that the question on everyone’s minds. Dean could barely stomach watching the press interviews with President Trump. The man had always lacked social graces, of course, but it was clear that he was terrified and had no idea what was truly happening. Dean had taken to shouting at the television for him to shut up and
Chuck made a noise of agreement and Castiel glanced between his father and mother before looking back at Gabriel. His brother’s excuse was only part of the issue: Kali wasn’t Catholic, and he knew Gabriel was worried that revealing that tidbit of information would result in something very similar to Castiel’s coming out. Not that Gabriel had said as much, but Castiel didn’t need to hear the words.
Jack was already in the car and buckled, playing with his iPad. Castiel glanced over as he turned the ignition and gave a small snort. He didn’t think it was possible to eat Eggo waffles angrily, but Claire was proving him wrong. She scowled at him with her mouth full.
“Really good, actually.” Castiel kissed Dean once more and then drew back, nodding his head towards the table. “Hungry? Is Jess and Sam here?”
He'd been nervous to meet Anna, worried his husband's mate would be angry Balthazar had married another, but she'd welcomed him with opened arms and explained that right now, due to the late King, this was how things had to be. With time, she hoped that Balthazar would be able to change the old laws, but for today, she was happy to call Castiel family. Anna was bubbly and bright, and the first Castiel truly called his friend.
"I'm sorry," Castiel whispered, his heart breaking for the pain his mate had gone through. His parents were far different than Castiel himself, but he couldn't imagine having grown up without them. "I didn't realize they were
“He - I owe Gabriel my life. He cleaned me up, kicked my ass, got me into a good program and went with me for the first six months to every single AA meeting. He even went to Lisa and started us back on a visiting schedule, though… it wasn’t until this year that I could have Ben overnight.”
he would never make a decision that would change your life without talking to you both. Especially a relationship. I - he could very well meet someone and be interested in taking that next step, and if he did? Your opinion on that person would matter so much to him.”
Castiel looked at both of his brothers, confused as Naomi followed after their uncle and the door shut behind them. “Did we do something wrong? Does he not like us?”
They’d been in Kansas for a week, and though they weren’t free of stress or any drama - though it seemed most of it was Castiel’s - he was impressed and proud of how quickly the kids had settled in. They had plans to pick up paint over the weekend, each of the kids picking out their own colors for their rooms, and Castiel needed to get rid of the god awful marigold color in the kitchen and main bathroom. Most of the boxes were put away and broken down. Yesterday, Claire started asking questions about the high school and asked if they could do a ‘drive by’.
Castiel watched his new husband carefully, and despite himself, found himself nodding. Although his home was now miles behind him, their caravan taking them quickly down the mountainside and into his new life, Castiel couldn't find it in himself to be disappointed. Behind him was the same days on repeat: sitting with his father in the royal chambers, listening and helping to decide what changes to make to their military affairs, meals with his father and stepmother in a hall far too large for the three of them, and walking through the courtyard for hours until nightfall.
“I think Sam had hoped making you that treat would get you in a… ‘holiday mood’.” Castiel lifted his fingers for the air quotes, but Dean was focused on the smirk on his lips. It wasn’t amusement, it was angry. “I told him-” Castiel suddenly shook his head, turning away to open the fridge.
This morning, however, Castiel needed a break. His feet were sore from walking so much, his stomach still full from the week of heavy set meals -- the mountains were full of meals of dried meats and nuts, small portions were filling. In Lawrence, there were pastries and pies, breads with colorful jellies and jams, roast pork and ducks, and succulent puddings... he'd never seen so much food, not even during the feasts after war had been won.
“Where did you find that?” Dean asked, watching as she pulled off the foil wrapper and crunched her way through the stick. He wrinkled his nose at the sound and watched her facial expression as she chewed it.
Dean nodded slowly, breathing out a slow breath. “I understand why she has questions. She… did make a good point in there.” With Castiel’s soft hmm? Dean continued, “She said that things between us were unresolved. And I… don’t think she’s
Time seemed to stand still, everything feeling heavy. He felt as though he was running, and yet, when he turned to look he’d barely gone past the next mile marker.
Castiel stayed silent, mouthing the words slowly before stepping into the center of the street and looking down both sides. “There has to be something more,” he muttered but Dean simply shook his head.
Dean didn’t know what to do with it. He was terrified of asking for clarification, of seeing if Castiel actually considered them to be friends, in case he scared the other man away. Both Charlie and Jo told him he was being stupid: Castiel was a smart man. He wasn’t
Dean glanced over at Castiel again then shrugged, walking towards Uriel. The small hallway leading to the storeroom was dark, no windows to light the way. There were doors to the left, marked as bathrooms, and a swinging door on the right for the kitchen. At the end of the hall was a solid door and as they neared it, Dean could hear the sounds of
Dean sat stiffly on the cot he had been assigned. Castiel’s was beside him and Jack’s above him. They were almost dead center in the sea of beds, and he would be lying if he said it didn’t make him nervous. Sensing it, Castiel moved around the area, pretending to be counting their supplies, but Dean knew he was really listening to every little conversation about them, his ears ready to pick up on any sign of danger. He did, however, touch Dean every couple of minutes - a squeeze to his shoulder, a brush of his leg. It did what it was meant to, and the small amount of reassurance made Dean try to relax.
Dean watched them go and took a moment on the deck, turning his face up towards the sun. The breeze was chilly and he shivered in his jacket. Despite the clothes they’d gotten from Jack and Kelly’s, they were going to have to do some searching for winter supplies when they made land. He made a mental note to check with the girls to see if they had anything for the newborn and cursed under his breath that he hadn't thought of that before.
He dressed in his comfortable jeans and a shirt, then headed back downstairs, stopping short when he saw Dean was already standing in the hallway.
Bobby chuckled and shook his head, glancing between the brothers. "You did promise Sam and Jo, Dean..."
Let me tell you a story… one of passion, of friendship, of love. A story full of grand castles and kingdoms stretching across great mountain ranges and grassy plains. There's majestic weddings, impressive feasts, a handsome prince and his dashing lover. When the Omega Prince of the Casern Mountains marries the Alpha King of Lawrence Point, he hardly expects his life to end up so
it. Though Charlie was very open about being gay, and would gladly tell Claire if she asked, it wasn’t really his place to share the information first. If he implied it and she got it on her own? Well, Claire was a smart kid. “So, you and Mr. Cas used to date though, right?”
When Dean allowed himself to think about it, he felt another swarm of emotions - joy, disbelief, guilt, excitement, shame. He’d never felt this way so quickly about another person before, not even Lisa. And what even were he and Lisa? Her death was still fresh when he gave himself permission to think of it; she was - had been - everything to him. Were they broken up? Was he widowed? Was he betraying their relationship by even thinking of starting another one? It made him anxious, it made him miss her, and it made him wish he’d never think of her again.
Then, the year Kelly found out she was pregnant, Castiel got a call from Gabriel, shocked and laughing hysterically that their mother, their straight-laced, God fearing mother, was going to a Pride Parade.
Dean seemed to be vibrating, and although Castiel was sure part of that was the discomfort of being in the castle, if Sam’s expression was anything to go by, but another was the fact that today was the day.
When he dropped her off, he watched as she reached up for her hair once again and then smoothed out her skirt. Then it hit him.
Chuck stepped around the table and turned, walking back up the steps to his quarters. Then the room erupted into sound. The group moved as a single unit, stacking the chairs, folding the tables, and clearing the space. Dean, Castiel, and Jack followed the group to stack their own chairs, then stood, waiting to see what would happen next.
Travel was banned between states, then cities, leaving everyone to wander aimlessly through their day-to-day lives afraid of every neighbor that got too close. The military was called in and oversized metal gates were set up around larger cities to ‘keep people safe’, but Dean could see through the stoic faces of the guards at the gates and knew their true purpose.
“Ketch, no!” the man in Castiel’s grip gasped and tried to twist free. The sound of the gun going off made Dean’s entire body tense, but it wasn’t until two more shots rang out that pain erupted down Dean’s leg.
Castiel and Anna looked down to the bottom of the stairs to see Balthazar with his arms swept out wide, wearing his full royal wardrobe. Castiel raised his brow, glancing over to Anna to see if she was as surprised as he was.
Dean shifted his backpack around, biting back the grunt as his shirt stayed plastered to his skin. So much for his bath that morning… August was not the time to be backpacking across the goddamn country. He ignored the twinge of pain in his feet and shoulders and focused instead on surveying the neighborhood he was in.
"My mom used to tell me that fireflies were better to wish on than stars, that every time they were lit up, their ears were on. They blink in and out because they're picking up on every wish whispered in the dark. Then they fly them to the heavens before they help your wishes to come true." Dean shrugged but smiled.
Cas laid down beside him, laying on his side and facing Dean, a smile still on his lips as he reached up to turn off the flashlight.
“He’d love that,” Dean said with a smile, moving around the counter to squeeze Sam’s arm. “Tell Jess I said hey.” He swallowed hard, then gave his brother a one armed hug. “And thanks, for you know… coming over here.”
“I didn’t believe her. I mean, she was basically explaining the concept to the latest zombie movie! Those were the things I wrote about and yet… I’ve never seen her so scared. It was Becky who worked here, managerial work, and she started collecting the original group. Coworkers and friends, families we passed as we ran through the city…”
“Claire,” Castiel said in a softer voice, but it carried on in the silence of the night - even the crickets were done singing their song, “I’m not a mind reader, okay? I don’t know if you don’t tell me!”
“Relax, Cas,” Jo answered and laughed at his sudden panic. “Drunk teenager, remember? If I was worried about anything like that, you wouldn’t have been given the option to be in the room.”
With their name markers in hand, they followed the crowd of people as they moved around the tables, placing their names down and taking their seats. Dean hovered awkwardly behind Castiel with Jack peering over Castiel’s shoulder; everyone appeared to have their designated spots already.
“You don’t wanna know, Mr. Cas,” she said and Castiel shrugged. “Well, yeah, I think she’s pretty awesome and I actually don’t mind talking to her. She kind of… seems to get it, you know?”
Dean flashed one of his brilliant smiles again and held up a hand. “Wait here,” he instructed before disappearing into a side room. He came back out carrying a bridle and saddle and placed them on a barrel before moving back to Castiel’s side.
“Sorry, Kelly. We’ll take it outside. Feel free to lock up behind me, okay?” Dean smiled at then stood, and Castiel followed behind him silently, pulling on his boots and jacket. Dean opened the door and held it for Castiel to pass, Kelly slowly coming down the steps behind them. Dean waited to hear the click of the lock before turning to Castiel with a smile.
“You guys don’t even know me,” Charlie whispered, her hair falling forward again and hiding her face from Dean’s view.
Dean sighed and pulled out his phone to update Lisa on the fight their son had gotten into, moving back into his office.
okay. I promise,” she whispered into Charlie’s hair, the redhead’s shoulders shaking as the adrenaline fueled terror turned into a tearful relief.
He was half asleep, floating warm and happy, when a scream ripped him fully awake. Beside him, Castiel jerked up into a sitting position, immediately reaching for his weapon. Dean was quick behind him, forgoing the machete to grab his pistol.
Dean felt his throat tighten and he held his breath, watching Castiel stare back at him. Whatever Castiel was hoping to find, it wasn’t there, and slowly, he shook his head and turned away from Dean. Dean blinked, frozen, as he watched Castiel walk towards the bedroom door.
Dean swallowed thickly and shifted, trying to keep his eyes on the man while grabbing the knife without cutting himself. The sleeping bag rustled and Dean watched as the man’s shoulders stiffened before he returned to whatever it was he was doing.
“Well… we started out with twenty-five, and by the time we got to Poughkeepsie we had eighteen.” Dean nodded in understanding, his heart hurting for his brother’s loss. “But we caught wind of DJ Trick’s broadcast and sent a message out to him. He had about thirty people in his group, and we met up in Highland and then… we grew.”
Castiel looked up as there was three soft raps against the door, seconds before it was pushed open. Anna was already in her dressing gown, and she smiled as she slipped into the room and crossed it in a few quick steps. Castiel smiled at her in greeting and moved to the side of the mattress, giving her room to climb into the bed with him.
to, Castiel had assumed that their actual mating would be in their new bed. Not in an audience chamber, surrounded by Castiel’s ex-husband, a priest, and Sam...
“You tell her that and she’ll be taking requests from you,” Jo snorted. She moved around the kitchen quickly, wrapping meat and sides up in towels and bowls. Castiel stood where she told him, holding the basket as she packed it. She even added in a whole pie, giving him a wink as she wrapped a large towel over the top.
“Fuck, fuck, fuck,” Dean breathed out, closing his eyes as the pain in his shoulder made his head swim. He scooted backwards across the floor until he was leaning against a stone monument and dragged his bag over to him. He pulled one of his canteens free and slowly poured a steady stream of water over the wound, hissing as his flesh seemed to burn. “Shit, shit, shit…”
“I don’t think… yes, here it is!” He pulled a sheet free, just as Castiel was admiring more of the artwork on the walls - both by the kids and prints of classic cars. “This is just a health questionnaire for Jack, what you would be okay with me giving him if he was in here, if he has any allergies… anything like that. Since you’re already here here, you know, if you’re working or whatever, I could always ask you before giving him something, but it’s good to have on file anyway in case you’re out on a field trip or if-”
, for the better. I won’t contact you or bother you, but if you need me… Damn it, I’ll always be here, Cas.”
“I knew it!” Dean yelled, jerking his arm out and sloshing half his drink on Sam’s reindeer pants. Eileen had insisted they all get holiday pajamas — Dean’s were laying over the back of his chair. “Sorry Sammy.”
“Holy fuck,” Sam whispered, and Dean nodded his head. “He talks about Cas all the time… half of his radio time is spent with these uplifting stories from his childhood…” Sam trailed off.
Dean closed his eyes, contemplating his options. He was beyond exhausted and there was no way this was actually happening. Maybe Sam had slipped something into his drink when he wasn’t looking? He’d been a miserable prick the night before… maybe they wanted to make sure he really would be out and down for the count so they didn’t have to put up with his miserable self. Sam drugging him didn’t feel right though, and he sure as hell knew Cas wouldn’t have -- the angel would’ve just knocked him out.
“Does this mean that you will be released from your marriage so that you and Dean can continue humping like rabbits without being afraid of being found out?”
Satisfied, Claire smiled and swung her legs back over, hugging Castiel for the second time that morning. “I’m gonna go wake up Jack so he can see the house real quick. Then we have to go so you can sign the papers, right?”
“Oh, so you’re actually planning on sticking around?” Dean asked, turning his body to follow Cas as he walked back towards the stairs into the library. He swiped the bottle of Jack Daniels off the table, pouring a healthy amount into his glass.
Instead, Dean was left with his thoughts. They turned back to Lisa and Ben, to the images of bodies on their own front lawns, and to the mistrust and panic in the eyes of the few people he’d run into. Hollywood wasn’t real, apocalypses weren’t real, and none of this made any sense. He tried to remember things Sam had said before the phone lines went down… if he’d known that was the last time he’d get to speak to his baby brother -
Dean groaned and pushed down, hollowing his cheeks and swallowing hard, taking Castiel to his climax. Dean swallowed all he was given and kissed his way back up Castiel’s body. “Good morning,” he said with a smile, echoing Castiel’s first words to him.
“I do believe in you, Cas. I believe in us, our team.” Sam reached forward, grabbing Castiel’s arm and stopping him from stepping back. “You’re a Winchester, too.”
Dean screamed in frustration, half hoping Chuck would come back just so he wasn’t alone, and half glad that he could have a moment to think… until the sound of the chains clanging as Becky fought to be free made him remember Chuck had left the doors open and Dean had a more imminent threat.
Dean cocked his head to the side and gave half a shrug. “I’m not sure who Anna is, but I would be more than happy to show you the stables.”
Dean walked away, pushing past Missouri and out of the motel. He didn’t need to hear what happened, didn’t need to see Sam fall apart, didn’t need to listen to how Castiel lost his life --
Claire’s eyes lit up as she took in the overflowing box of danishes, croissants, cinnamon twists, and muffins, all a variety of flavors. “Thanks, Gabe!” she said as she reached in, pulling a lemon danish out. For once since they’d left New York, she looked
Immediately Dean was transported back to his childhood bedroom, Castiel’s body pressed against his, his skin soft and warm. Dean could still smell the Suave apple shampoo and the spring-rain scent of his deodorant. He heard his own words, echoed in his head, “This isn’t working anymore.”
Dean opened his mouth to answer but the front door opened, and Claire let out an excited squeak before she ran up the steps and threw her arms around a short woman with a heart shaped face. Dean swallowed hard and shook his arms, dispelling what he could of his nerves, before plastering a smile on his face.
He knew without turning around that Benny was gone. The kitchen was warm, but Dean shivered anyways. He turned around, seeing the pajamas still laying in a heap on the ground, and he stared at them for a moment before picking them up and draping them back over the chair.
Dean jumped as the lights in his room were turned on, making him wince and draw back, Missouri Mosely standing over the edge of the bed with her hands on her hips and brow raised.
Dean drew back and turned, wincing as Castiel slipped free. He met Castiel’s eyes and couldn’t help but feel like he was missing something. “I don’t..?”
“No,” Castiel shook his head, squeezing Dean’s hand, “I don’t have to reside in the castle, only close enough to do my job.”
To be fair, he hadn’t been the most accommodating person since he’d been back and had pushed away Dean’s attempts to reconcile any type of relationship until now. So really, friendship was better than Castiel making snide comments to him at a restaurant or ignoring him outright. So why did it hurt when Dean used his own words against him?
“Yeah, well,” Dean said, waiting for Castiel to look over at him, “we have a tendency to pick up strays. And we need good people around us.”
“Oh yeah,” Charlie answered quickly, nodding her head. “We have a bunch of armored vehicles that Chuck’s collected and they’re all in desperate need of a tune up. There’s a few guys who worked at Jiffy Lube, but it is kind of over their heads.”
The men recovered quickly, the first man raising his arm in a wave, and smiles reappearing on their faces.
A knock on the door was followed seconds later by the curtain being pulled back and the woman with all of the questions came in with a weird smile.
“Oh! Hello, Dean, haven’t seen you in a while!” she greeted, handing over her box to Castiel. Castiel took it and immediately turned, clearly ready to escape whatever the fuck it was between him and Dean.
Dean breathed out heavily, crawling forward on his stomach. He had to find a way to warn Cas, even if this man was going to kill him, he
Dean startled, spinning around. He was back in the motel room, standing beside his brother despite the fact he’d been walking away from the motel.
“Honey! I’m home!” Gabriel screamed from the front door and Castiel surprisingly felt some of his anxiety lessen. It would be okay as long as his brother was here. When Gabriel came around the corner, a coconut fruit tart in his hands, he gave Castiel a once over and then said, “Mom’s not going to like those jeans.”
Castiel made a soft noise of surprise and Dean closed his eyes, nodding his head. “I know. I could’ve killed Ben… he was okay, a little banged up, but… Lisa put her foot down. He’d just turned one. I was in the hospital for quite a while and did some time in rehab, Lisa’s condition for seeing Ben and being in their lives. I did it but… then Dad died and I lost it again.
Castiel raised an eyebrow and looked back at the nearest painting. "If these are her 'practice' paintings, I can only imagine how beautiful the others are."
Gabriel shrugged and picked at his plate. “Just… not ready for the whole meet the family thing. I knew if I told you, you’d invite her to Christmas, and… well, I didn’t think this was the best year for that.”
there! This was the best day of Castiel’s life and there was no way he would be sleeping through a second of it!
He didn’t need to look to the side to see the expression on Sam’s face, and it showed how fucked up Sam thought he was that he didn’t grace Dean with an answer. Instead, Sam grabbed his own slice and leaned back, bumping their shoulders together as he took a large bite of his food.
Castiel chuckled and nodded, releasing Dean’s arm, his fingers trailing down Dean’s skin as he pulled back. He went back over to the fridge and reopened it, looking over the contents. “Well… I have fruit punch, orange juice, water… and a few cans of Cola.”
“We will find another car when we get to the other side,” Castiel promised softly, reaching over to take one of Dean’s hands off of the steering wheel, squeezing it in his own.
"I'm sure Castiel would love to hear you sing, too," Sam interjected, smirking despite the look his brother was giving him.
There was a dock, boats floating on the river, and a parking lot full of snowmobiles, four-wheelers, pick up trucks, and cars. Sam effortlessly twisted the snowmobile around, coming to park in front of the resort, the building looming over them like a castle, and Dean found himself gasping as the doors opened and what looked like a hundred people came walking out, bundled in sweatshirts and blankets.
He spared a small chuckle at the fact the entire sex section was empty -- no condoms, lube, or cock rings spared in the face of impending doom. But the second his laughter stopped, his stomach plummeted and he had to shove his hands in his pockets to keep them from shaking. If he had the choice, he would be taking comfort in Lisa right now, taking anything and everything she had to offer in forms of solace and giving her whatever he could in return.
Castiel shook his  head. “Just knowing you were here, that if I called you would’ve come… that was enough.”
"Yeah, well, its all of your ears that are going to bleed..." Dean finally muttered, taking a large gulp of his tea, despite the steam still curling off of the top. Castiel glanced at him, meeting his eyes briefly before Dean shrugged and looked away. Silence fell and Castiel was worried that the evening had been ruined -- Sam still glaring at his brother from the couch across, and Dean brooding in displeasure. Jessica, however, was used to them and quickly diverted the attention to Castiel. He was grateful, despite being the center of attention, and they spent the next hour in the sitting room talking and drinking through the pot of tea.
The forest was thick and the road winding, covered in snow and ice. They’d piled everything and themselves into the SUV once the truck was stuck at the bottom of the mountain road, no amount of pushing was getting the two-wheel drive vehicle any further.
When Castiel skidded to a stop, Dean nearly collapsed beside him; his lungs were burning, tears tracked down his cheeks from the stinging pain every branch to his face caused, and his leg muscles were screaming.
“As much as I come across as being independent, moving across the country by myself, I’m a very ‘social’ person.” Dean snorted at the air quotes, smiling fondly as Castiel continued on. “I don’t like being alone, I don’t... I don’t thrive on being alone. And I honestly don’t know if I could’ve made it this far without you, Dean.”
“I was,” Dean admitted and sighed, “but that’s not an excuse. People hurt all the time, what I did… the way I chose to cope -” he stopped and shook his head. “I’m an alcoholic, Cas. It runs in the family, and who knows? I could’ve had a problem anyway. What happened between us didn’t
“You honestly believed I was going to leave you there to die?” Castiel hissed and Dean’s own eyes widened.
“Oh!” Ed said and turned back around, clicking around on the computer. “Got it, Winchester! We’ll take them back next. Want me to assign Hannah to them?”
Castiel stared at her, at her sad smile, and held his breath. A hundred different responses were at the tip of his tongue, but as he looked at the woman who still loved Dean - even if she wasn’t still in love with him - he realized that they had a lot more in common than he’d originally realized. He hesitated for a moment then started back up the steps.
“I suppose if I asked you to go fuck yourself, that would be fruitless?” Dean fired back and Chuck laughed, taking a deep sip from the glass.
“If you make me spill this wine,” Castiel threatened as he pulled himself back up with the door frame, “you’re going to be sleeping in the wet spot.”
Despite the warmth from the fire crackling at the far end of the living room, Castiel still felt cold. He stared at his hands resting on his lap, listening to the sounds of Mrs. Kline ushering her excitable son up the stairs, despite Jack’s protests to stay up and talk with his teacher.
Dean chuckled and asked, “How’d you get up here in Wisconsin? You sound like you’re from the South.”
They stayed there well through the afternoon, the building crumbling and burning before them. Castiel only stood up once when he thought the flames would ignite the grass, but the concrete patio and parking lot were more than enough to keep the fire at bay.
Acting as if she hadn’t just been standing at the door, Naomi had disappeared into the kitchen and was busy straightening out plates on the island when they walked in. Castiel was given just a moment of peace, taking in the warm, nearly overwhelming scent of
While Castiel pitched their tent and laid their sleeping gear across the bushes to hopefully air out, Dean traveled down a few rows and gathered bunches of grapes. The idea of starting a fire to cook anything made Dean cringe, and neither one of them had much of an appetite at this point.
“Dean,” Castiel hissed a warning, glancing at Dean before turning back to Garth, Kevin, and the third man.
Beside him, Dean suddenly paled and Castiel opened his mouth to tell Dean that he really didn't have to get up and sing, not if he didn't want to. But before he could say anything, Dean was shaking his hands out and standing up, reaching back to squeeze Castiel's arm once before he moved away from the bar and started going around the tables. Castiel shifted, leaning his arm on the bar so he could see around the room easier. The once loud, crowded bar seemed more subdued somehow, everyone sitting in their seats or leaning against the walls to watch as Dean took his place at the front table.
With his arms full of the new clothes and a throw blanket from the back of the couch, he found the laundry room and threw all of the clothes and the blanket into the washing machine. He stripped and added those clothes in before starting it, smiling as it began filling, and headed towards the shower. Thank goodness for well water.
The older man raised an eyebrow, crossing his arms over his chest as he stood in front of them. “Castiel,” he said carefully, then dipped his head. “Your Highness should probably be introduced as such.”
Castiel chuckled and pushed Claire off gently, picking up the towel as he watched Jack coming towards them, shaking water off his arms. “I think he would love that. Make sure you tell him the superior flavor of scone is cranberry orange.”
“Ben, switch with me,” he demanded, wincing at the look of hurt and confusion on his son’s face for a moment at his dad’s tone, but he moved quickly and let Dean face back the way they came. Dean exhaled slowly, trying not to focus on the fact that his back was against Castiel’s, just the booth seat separating them.
“Pretty sure I have and you just don’t get it,” Gabriel said, exasperated. Gabriel looked down at the can in Dean’s hands and cleared his throat, lowering his voice to say, “I’m, uh, proud of you, you know. I know this hasn’t been easy.”
“Move,” Sam said as he nudged Dean’s knees with his foot, holding a pizza and two sodas. Dean looked up at him and mindlessly dropped his feet to the floor, letting his brother pass, before throwing them back up onto the coffee table. “Here,” Sam said as he handed him a Coke.
“Really?” Castiel asked, surprised. He knew his brother and Dean still got along okay, but he hadn’t realized they were still friendly over the years. “He can surprise you sometimes. I didn’t realize you guys were close…”
Castiel pulled up outside of the large yellow house, suddenly nervous. Jack, however, was just barely able to keep from launching himself out of the car before Castiel stopped. He chuckled and unfastened his seatbelt, grabbing Jack’s bag before following after his son up the front steps.
“To check in?” Dean asked, glancing at Jack and seeing the younger man shake his head. Jack hadn’t been able to do much recon at all, Chuck having placed him on kitchen duty. He helped prep and store food and wash dishes, and had been taken under Billie’s wing, with the woman teaching Jack to cook.
“Dean, it’s the beginning of September. By the time we get to Lake Michigan it will be creeping into October. Do you have any idea how cold the water up here will be?”
“It's a shame Dean decided to miss out,” Sam said after a moment and Dean watched as Cas’ face fell.
“Sam asked me to,” Castiel answered, straightening his shoulders. “He said it wouldn’t be right if I wasn’t here.”
Castiel straightened his shoulders and walked forward, keeping his eyes trained on the woman and off of Dean. Her hand was warm and grip firm as they shook, then she touched his arm lightly and led him over to her desk. Thankfully, Dean stayed in place at the window.
By the time Castiel rounded up both of the kids and got himself quickly showered and dressed, he could hear his parents downstairs, asking Gabriel about the bakery. Taking a deep breath, Castiel straightened his shoulders and went down the stairs.
Jo chuckled and kicked a step stool over to the cabinets, climbing up onto it and reaching above for a large wicker basket. “You sound just like Dean. It’s like you haven’t eaten real food in a week.”
“Come on, Dad! Let's go!” Ben grabbed the strap of Dean’s lunch box and tugged, Dean almost dropping everything in his arms. “Are we gonna stop for snacks? Jack likes cheetos!”
“Besides,” Dean added as he dropped his pack to the ground, freeing the blanket that Cas had somehow managed to buckle into place in the ruckus of the barn, “I am
From his spot, Castiel hugged Dean's back, his cheek flat against the Alpha's shoulder; he was able to breathe in Dean's scent, happy he would get to scent Dean -- his mate -- for the rest of his life. His hands moved to Dean's stomach, holding on tight.
“You are making grave mistakes, son,” John answered, his voice echoing through Dean’s head, though he didn’t speak louder than a whisper. “Mistakes I learned far too late.”
Dean smiled then. The mix of emotions he suddenly felt was overwhelming. He was torn between agreeing, telling Cas that despite everything, his life was better thanks to Cas being in it, and reaching for his go-to defense.
Dean gasped as Castiel’s fingers trailed against his stomach, his touch making Dean shiver. Suddenly, all that mattered was getting each other out of their clothing. It was frenzied, neither one wanting to step away, though both desperately pulling at fabric. Castiel all but growled against Dean’s mouth as he fumbled with Dean’s belt, the cold shower stall a shock to his now bare skin as Castiel pushed him back against the wall.
“No, Sam, perhaps that was the wrong word,” Cas argued back quickly, nodding at Eileen as she tugged the back of Sam’s shirt until the hunter took his seat again. “He was just… surprised, I guess, that I was staying.”
Dean handed over the weapon and then turned to scan the room once more, his eyes settling on a large, black trunk. When he walked over, he could feel Castiel at his back. He bent down to pop the lock, and when he opened the lid, he gasped, turning wide-eyed to Cas.
“You rinse, I’ll load?” Castiel offered, kissing the back of Dean’s neck before stepping over to open the dishwasher. Dean nodded and together they worked through the dinner’s dishes, covering up what was left of the lasagna for the fridge.
“Pizza should be here soon…” Dean said as he led them into the kitchen, dropping Jack’s bag off at the foot of the stairs on his way. “Soda is in the fridge, feel free to help yourselves!”
Castiel gave a small smile. "Yes, I was often hushed when I had strategic plans to offer that did not align with my father's..."
The sun was still shining, but there were limited windows down below to let the light in. Dean pulled a small flashlight from his back pocket and took a final look around the still water. It was water for miles and miles, but he felt a strange comfort with that.
The three of them walked as quickly as they could back the way they came, though this time, there was no happy skip in Charlie’s step, and Castiel was the one stumbling every few feet as he tried walking backwards, keeping an eye on what was going on behind them.
“Is it… us?” Castiel asked, glancing around Dean’s hip, then back up at him. Dean must’ve looked as confused as he felt because Castiel clarified, “Is it our turn? Are you coming to get us?”
“Just… I had a lot of fun tonight,” Castiel answered, giving Sam a smile. “I’ve never been a part of decorating a Christmas tree, we’ve never really done that… even though you and Dean have had the bunker, we’ve always had a hunt or some crisis to deal with. And although we’re still dealing with a crisis, it was nice to be able to step back for a night and… do this.”
“Oh! Cookies!” Dean forced himself to tear his eyes away from himself and his mother, watching as John came stomping into the living room, dressed from head to toe in a Santa costume. He carried a large green sack and placed it beside the tree as he walked into the center of the room to pick up a cookie. “All seems quiet,” John said in a stage whisper, looking around the room. “Good little boys must be in bed! Time to get to work…”
Dean reached up, touching Castiel’s chin and drawing his face back up, effectively silencing him. Cas’ skin was warm, stubble pricking at Dean’s fingers, and he slipped his hand higher up, cupping Cas’ cheek.
“No,” Cas shook his head and stumbled out of the kitchen, heading towards their bags. Dean forced himself out of the wooden chair and followed him, watching as he slowly laid out the sleeping bag on the floor next to the couch.
Castiel gave a small laugh. "How... how am I supposed to find a mate when I am married to the king?"
They held their breaths, listening, and heard another scream. This one was strangled, gurgling at the end, and it made Dean’s blood run cold. How did they get in? They killed every Lifeless in the storeroom, and he’d checked the kitchen himself! All of the doors were locked, the windows were too high…
The next morning took forever to get through. Castiel woke Anna before the rise of the sun, and they quickly made themselves ready for the day and met Balthazar in the dining hall for an early breakfast. The day’s agenda was simple, just going over the kingdom’s budget and debating a tax reform, but it seemed to take hours. It didn’t help that Castiel’s mind was anywhere but on kingdom business; he was grateful that for the moment, he was expected to observe more than participate anyways. He
“Fuck,” Dean whispered, stumbling over a knocked down display in his haste to get away from the aisle. He needed to get out of there, needed to press on.
With an oversized wok Alfie found while Anna was cleaning up, Castiel set about making them dinner. He laid the wok over the fire and started slicing up potatoes to pan fry, adding in a healthy dose of parmesan cheese. Anna hummed and chatted while she cut up the sausage and hard cheeses, setting them out on a large cutting board for everyone to snack on, the Tylenol clearly helping her pain. Or perhaps that was the wine they cracked open... While they worked, Dean, Alfie, and Uriel split up the food and water for all of them to take with them and enough for them to have as long as they stayed at the winery.
Jack’s room was the first in the hallway, set next to the main bathroom for the house, followed by two back bedrooms - the master and Claire’s claimed space, both with bathrooms of their own. The bedrooms were of a similar size, Castiel’s having a sliding door out onto a small porch, and an oversized bathtub that his aching muscles were
Benny split from them at their section of cots, giving them time to pull out clean clothes and toiletries from their bags. Though the rest of the group seemed content to leave their things just sitting on the end of their beds, Dean hesitated when Benny came back. They had yet to leave this room without their bags.
It was awkward, uncomfortable, and Castiel hated it. Gabriel was the brother he saw most often, at least twice a week. If things were strained between them, he could only imagine how uncomfortable the rest of this week would be.
The taste of Castiel on his tongue, the heavy, warm weight of him, made Dean’s own cock twitch between his legs. Castiel’s thighs flexed with each roll of his hips and Dean’s fingers tightened against the corded muscles, holding on tight. It was forever and yet also way too soon before Castiel was groaning out his name and trying to pull back.
“Thank you, Chuck!” the room echoed back, and despite expecting it, it still made something in Dean’s stomach turn.
“Of me?” Castiel asked, surprised. What on Earth did she have to be jealous over? She didn’t even know him! “Why?”
“Chuck wears full body armor,” Charlie answered with a small laugh. “It’s why he wears the bathrobe, it hides the bulkiness.”
Instead, heart racing, he packed up the few things that had gotten away from him and shoved everything into his backpack. He pulled the jerky from the oven, making sure to turn it off, as he slid the meat into a plastic bag and shoved that on top of his pack.
good with them. It didn’t matter if we had to pick them up at 4am or 8am, she was up and ready and excited to see those kids. And they loved her.”
“Water’s fine, Cas,” Dean answered and he heard the other man slide the glass over the counter. He debated, then closed the door and grabbed a second glass to get water for himself. They made their way into the living room and Castiel hesitated before walking past his chair to sit on the couch. He held his breath and waited for Dean to sit, smiling when Dean chose the middle cushion beside him.
Chuck had never been much of a hugger, and Castiel hadn’t expected him to start now. Their father looked up and gave a curt nod, the corner of his mouth turning up into a smile as he reached over and patted the couch beside him, inviting Castiel to sit. Castiel followed his brother’s lead, jumping as his father laid a hand on his arm.
his husband was busy shacking up with other dudes! He looked up to see his brother watching him with an unimpressed expression and Dean sighed, dropping his glass into the sink.
Alfie helped Anna to her feet, calling over his shoulder that he would help her if she needed it, since he was the only one not covered in grime. Uriel, Castiel, and Dean headed towards the bathrooms where Uriel walked into the men’s with a look over his shoulder that clearly said they weren’t welcome.
He grabbed two pies and a loaf of garlic bread, then organized the shelf of cookies until he felt it was safe enough to head towards the checkout. With a bag in hand, he just barely refrained from running out of the store, stopping dead the moment he stepped back outside into a wall of heat.
“Alright, she’s good until we can get this cleaned out,” Castiel said as he wiped his hands on a strip of Uriel’s sweatshirt, a mixture of Anna’s and Lifeless blood leaving thick, dark stripes. Uriel nodded and helped Anna stand, walking with her out of the room while Castiel and Dean finished collecting the supplies.
As Dean trudged back through the trees, he heard something that made him stop, his heart hammering in his chest. He listened, frozen, as another twig to the left of him snapped. Whatever was moving towards him was heavy and trying its hardest to be quiet. He swallowed hard, cursing himself for not having grabbed a weapon when he left their camp.
He prepared a fresh salad, washed leaves of lettuce, and sliced up enough tomatoes and onion to serve an entire army. Then he let Jack help him put everything back into the fridge. Jack asked for a few slices to bring to Claire, and Castiel raised a brow as he dragged the plate to the edge of the counter, watching Jack take a few cantaloupe pieces, the fight with his sister completely forgotten.
Sam and Castiel could do it, Dean would follow either one of them to the ends of the world, knowing they’d make it.
“Charlie, slow down! I don’t even know what happened!” Castiel replied but allowed himself to be tugged towards the hatch.
Jack had taken it upon himself to raid the local clinic after the end and stolen boxes of medical supplies. It was how the little house was so well stocked and why there was a medical bed sitting in the middle of the dining room. But the hope Jack had that the stolen supplies would save his mother had long since faded. Jack knew his mom wasn’t going to make it. Their entire little community did.
If Sam’s in a hotel room, that means they’re on a hunt and hopefully his future self just ran out to grab a bite to eat… he stared at the door instead, willing it to open.
Dean laughed, happy and loud in the night, and Castiel felt himself warm at the sound of it. He needed to make his Alpha laugh like that all the time.
“Don’t look so worried, cher,” Benny called out as he pushed open the door, both he and Jack making their way down to the deck. “Just dropping anchor here for a while. It’s been a long fucking day.”
He wondered just how long the world would have electricity as he slowly searched each room, his knife at the ready. When he marked the house clear, he walked to the front door and locked the deadbolt. There was a small table to the side with a potted plant on top that he moved to block the door as well. He made sure the back door and all the windows were locked, creating a makeshift barricade with chairs in front of the sliding door, before retracing his steps back to the master bedroom.
“They’re doing good,” Castiel started, then reached down for his comforter to pull up over his chest. “Claire’s made a few new friends and has been working hard at her studies.” Meg made an impressed noise and Castiel had to agree. “Yeah, I was worried for a little bit but she’s been seeing the school counselor down here and has really gotten a connection with her. Not like what she had with you, of course.”
They hadn’t seen any sign of life, Lifeless or otherwise, and he wasn’t sure how he felt about it. From their spot over the water on the walking bridge, they could see that most of the metal gate surrounding the city was still standing solid, but still, nothing.
Part of him was ecstatic that Castiel had called them friends. From the first moment he’d seen the other man again, hiding in the aisle at the grocery store to now, that was progress. But he also felt like Castiel had shoved an ice pick straight through his heart. Friends. They were friends. And the implication that that was all they ever were going to be made it kind of hard to breathe.
They were silent as they made their way into the school, both sides of the hallway lined with small lockers that went up to the center of Castiel’s chest, all painted in rainbow colors. When the hallway opened up, Dean stopped and shifted his weight on his feet, clearing his throat.
Sam nodded, looking over at the Christmas tree. There were baubles and lights they’d bought from the store, the popcorn and cranberry strings Eileen had done up, and paper ornaments Castiel had been surprisingly good at crafting. Sam had even added a pine tree car freshener for nostalgia sake.
At the door, a tall man stood in a dark suit. He looked like a businessman from the TV, his face all serious and eyes all squinty. He looked over each of the brothers, then turned and left the room.
“My friends are going to look for me!” Dean yelled at him, swallowing hard as Chuck paused. “They’re going to stop you.”
"Mating trumps marriage, Dean. A marriage can be dissolved while a mating can not. I will not let a contract stand in the way of the rest of my life with my Alpha. You're my mate, Dean. And I will do what needs to be done to be with you."
“You good?” Benny asked as he reached up with the back of his hand to wipe blood from the corner of his mouth. He reached down to grab Dean’s bag from Jesse’s side, then he led them out of the room, shoving the bookcase back into place while Castiel dumped Dean into Chuck’s desk chair. Then, Benny and Castiel shoved Chuck’s heavy desk across the floor to block the bookcase before they turned their attention back to Dean.
“I don’t know what else you want me to say.” Somehow, his voice didn’t shake. It came out strong, almost like he meant the words he was saying.
The hot water did wonders for his sore shoulders and he stayed under the spray for far longer than necessary, letting it beat down on his back. He planned on taking advantage of these small pleasures whenever he was able to help keep his spirits up. By the time he was dried off, shaved, and wrapped in a towel, the washing machine was beeping to tell him the cycle was complete. He switched everything into the dryer and made his way around to the kitchen, ignoring the dark red stain on the hardwood in the hallway.
He still wasn’t perfect, some days he wanted nothing more than to say fuck it and head down to the liquor store. And despite what everyone said, part of him was staying sober for Castiel. To himself, his own life didn’t matter, but Castiel did. Ben did. He enrolled himself back into school, working on his nursing degree, and was drawn to kids, enjoying all the years he’d missed with Ben. Slowly, Lisa started to trust him again, to send Ben for afternoons and outings.
The blonde Alpha moved quickly, plopping three drinks down in front of them with a wide smile. Dean introduced them quickly again, Castiel finding out that Jo was Ellen's daughter, and then she was off to fill more orders. They ended up moving from the center of the bar to the end, Castiel sitting in between both of the brothers, as they drank their beers. Castiel studied the people around him, content with Dean at his side, offering commentary every few moments. He wondered if this is what things could be like. When he and Dean were mated, would they still come sit at the Roadhouse for dinner, joking and drinking with Sam? Would they still come visit the Bunker and Jessica?
“And us,” Dean answered with a nod. “He already knew,” he said with a laugh. “After you left, I started withdrawing - right before I started drinking - and he asked why you weren’t coming around anymore. I told him you had moved away and he sat down and asked if we broke up or if we were going to try the long distance thing.”
Once he’d calmed her down and they ate dinner, Claire helping to put Jack to bed, he sat down with her and discussed their options. With Claire’s agreement, he filed a petition to adopt. With Missouri’s full support, and her pulling in a few favors, eleven months later and on Claire’s fourteenth birthday, Claire was officially part of the Kline family.
Dean groaned as he felt gentle but firm hands pressing against him, pulling him up from the shoulders. His entire body fought against the change in position and he groaned, collapsing back against the hands holding him up.
“Enough!” Daddy yelled, his arm coming back to grab Mickey from Castiel’s hands, then shoving the toy into Mom’s arms. “The three of you better knock it off right now! You’re on your way to Disney and we can’t even get fifteen minutes without you fighting!”
“I can’t just… shove everything that’s left of him into a box, Anna,” Castiel whispered, tearing his eyes away from the trophies to his sister. “But I can’t leave this room as a shrine for him, either.”
Balthazar shocked his head back and forth before leaning forward in his seat and looking Castiel straight in the eyes again. “The kingdom is content, our lives have settled after my father’s reign and then his death. People are happy, Castiel. For once, the kingdom is in peace and our people are happy to be living in Lawrence. You are my friend, Castiel, but…”
Castiel gave him a look that rivaled his brother’s bitch face and Dean laughed, holding it up for Jody to see. “If you can’t get that many people on your side, you can always blow the school up.”
“I love you, too.” Castiel’s teeth pressed into Dean’s shoulder and Dean cried out at the sudden sting. “Touch yourself, Dean. I want to feel you come on my cock.”
When Claire’s mom was discovered in an alleyway, beaten and with a needle in her arm, Claire went missing for three weeks.
“Vision, Dean. You simply lack vision.” He turned back towards the Lifeless, to Becky, and reached for her hand. “Soon, Becky, we will be together again.”
Castiel was quiet and Dean was sure he was going to shut him down. Why would Castiel want to hear Dean’s excuses? Or what happened to him over the last decade? He owed Dean nothing and yet, here Dean was, continuing to ask and ask and ask.
They quickly found the main road and walked side by side line down the middle of the street. The fire station windows were busted open, but Dean and Benny both nodded, making a mental note to check there as a last resort for something warm.
Castiel nodded and tried to force himself to relax. Jo handed Claire a bright blue emesis bag and then jerked her head at Castiel before leaving the room.
“Okay, thanks, Cas.” Dean smiled again and then turned, giving Castiel a moment to blow out a breath before he followed Dean into the stables. “So these are our riders,” Dean started as he walked down the center of the barn, turning in the middle to look back at Castiel. “We have another barn at the very north end of the grounds, and those house our working horses. Our military horses are on the other side of the kingdom.”
Castiel nodded and followed after him, moving just three doors down to the last of the third grade rooms. He tried not to show his disappointment that he could literally look out his classroom door and see Dean’s office.
Castiel barely bit back a yawn but conceded, following Dean into their new room. Dean left him sitting on the bed, taking off his shoes and pants, in order to find them some food. Benny had left a few plates out, covered with some plastic wrap he’d found on board, and Dean took the girls their plates, too.
“Dean, you’re rambling,” Castiel said as he took the paper from his hands, glancing over it. Dean audibly snapped his mouth shut and Castiel bit back his smirk. It was rare to see Dean Winchester nervous. “I have no problem with you taking care of my son if he needs medical attention.”
"Widowed, too," Sam answered. "Though, we have a few who needed to escape abusive relationships, and I provide them a safe place to live."
When he looked back at his brother, Sammy had tears in his eyes again, and he was smiling widely at Castiel. Then, suddenly, he flung himself at Castiel, hugging him just as hard as he’d hugged Dean on the ground.
compared to the castle in Lawrence. He wasn't sure he would ever know where every tower or hallway took him, though he could walk the four towers and chambers back home with his eyes closed. The tapestries that hung on the walls were colorful, warm, and he found himself content with losing himself in the corridors, coming up with stories for each woven thread as he meandered along. Hours later, before every meal, Balthazar or Anna would find him still trailing the hallways and would rescue him with a friendly laugh and lead him to the dining hall.
Castiel gave a sharp laugh and he debated on how to answer that question. Meg, however, knew him better than anyone else and could read him like a book even through the phone. She sighed and he heard her opening the fridge, the sound of her popping the cork from a bottle of wine, then pouring a glass.
Castiel watched the raw emotion on Dean’s face and he licked his lower lip, his heart starting to beat faster in his chest. He knew what he wanted, clearer than anything ever had been. But he had to know - “Would you change it? If you could go back and do it again, would you?”
He pushed off the edge of the seat and held out a hand, helping his father to stand. He'd been waiting for this day for years, had prepared himself for this moment since he was a young child and realized his role in his kingdom. Today, he would marry King Balthazar of Lawrence, and their two kingdoms would be united for eternity. From the mountains to the sea, he was confident in the peace and unity they would bring to the land.
“Fuck, baby, you taste so good,” Dean whispered, bending down to kiss him, letting Castiel taste himself on his Alpha’s tongue. Castiel shifted, wrapping his arms around Dean's neck and holding him in place, groaning into his mouth as the Alpha slipped two fingers inside of his hole. It wouldn't take much, Castiel's body was craving his mate's, slick and stretched and ready, but the press of Dean's fingers inside of him made him dizzy with want, and he let his Alpha explore until he was moaning, breathless and impatient.
“Lisa found out, of course. She saw the signs, and then I got into another accident. Wrapped the Impala around a tree, and Lisa was gone. Wouldn’t let me see Ben… I’d managed two months sober then, not counting being in the hospital. I was angry at Lisa, I was angry at Sam, I was angry at my dad… Ben was almost two and I didn’t see him again until he was six.”
