“Excuse me?” she sputters, hand over her heart like he offended her.
“I can’t believe this is finally happening,” Cas laughs, running a hand through his hair.
, however, does not suffer from his suffering. Because Cas is zealously determined to rid himself of unwanted thoughts, the play is pristine by day three, and Charlie sets up a meeting with several theater executives on day four. He leaves her the talking, and when she comes out of the meeting, she exhales, walks collectedly towards Cas, and jumps into his arms, squealing about casting and release dates and promotionals, and Cas tries to be happy. He really does.
“I’m so sorry,” Cas said finally through the darkness, stealing Dean’s attention with three little words. Dean looked over, eyes concerned.
Soon enough, the work is gone, and Dean is just sitting on his creeper, elbows on knees as he talks with Cas. Both are grinning, and not only that, but both are content to sit in those uncomfortable places for hours, each lost in the other’s words. Eventually, however, Dean’s boss comes out with a look on his bearded face that is equal parts annoyed and amused.
!” John screams, and Dean recoils in on himself.
Castiel throws back another shot.
He takes the next shift and drives them straight onto Sceadan Street, where they deposit Sam with a heartfelt thanks from Cas and a mere glance from Gabe. Soon enough, they are back to Cas’ house and the cold that has surrounded him for ten years. He cringes.
“Hi, Ms. Milton. Is Cas awake?” Dean asks, shoving his hands into his jacket pockets and leaning around the woman to look inside.
“I am so pissed at you, Sam,” he says instead.
“Which is what, exactly?” Sam asks; Cas doesn’t answer.
“You don’t even like girls!” Dean hisses quietly, tossing hand up towards Meg, never forgetting that she can in fact hear them.
“Cas,” Jess says softly, waiting until he has torn his eyes away from his daughter, from Mary, to speak. “This isn’t Dean’s baby.” She says the words softly, but they are still knives in his chest. “I mean that in the kindest way possible. I just wonder...what are you going to raise this little girl to believe?” Cas takes a long moment to respond, his eyes falling back to Mary.
“Mary,” she introduces, and an image of his daughter at nine, riding her bike down the driveway flashes into his mind. A slow ache appears and disappears with the thought of her. “I’ve heard a lot about you,” Mary continues, stealing his thoughts. When Cas places himself in her opened arms, she squeezes him tightly, holding onto him as though she has known him for years. In a way, Cas supposes she has. “I’m so glad you’re here,” she says, still hugging Cas to her. “Well,” she says, pulling away suddenly. “Aside from the fact that it means you’re dead, but still.” Cas laughs, and suddenly, a group of people spills out from the back of the house, each of them grinning widely, joyous. Cas looks over to Dean who is staring at the group with an amused grin of his own. Mary releases Cas, allowing him to step back over to Dean and thread their fingers back together.
“That’s not fair,” Cas says, his blood heating slowly, frustration uncurling from his gut. “What about all the fathers who died before their baby was born? Do you expect the mothers to tell their children that they didn’t have a father?”
“Keep going,” so he does.
“Is this alright?” Cas whispers, pulling away to kiss at Dean’s jaw. Dean shows his assent by bringing his hips up to meet Cas’, earning himself a groan against his mouth. Dean brings his hips up again, holding tight to Cas’ waist, barely able to think through Cas grinding down on him. “Fuck,” Cas growls, nipping at Dean’s neck and soothing over the mark with his tongue. Dean lays Cas back against the bed, cherishing the moment of wild, virginal excitement Cas shows before Dean is smashing his lips back against Cas', hands pulling insistently at his shirt until eventually, it winds up on the floor with Dean’s following close behind. They both gasp at the heat of the other against their skin.
“How...I mean…what time does your shift end tomorrow?” he asks, and Dean offers a small smile.
“Yeah. She kissed me full on the mouth right in front of everyone,” Sam says, that dopey grin still in place, his eyes wide and starry.
“Whatever you want,” Dean allows, falling onto his side next to Castiel instead straddling over him. Dean stops the slow pull on his dick to wrap an easy arm around Cas’ middle and pull him close.
The rest of the drive passes without incident, and they are back in Seattle with the twitch of a nose, a sharp contrast to the drag of the previous day. Cas pulls up to his new apartment and looks out at it with a small smile. This place is his new beginning. It is his way to start over, no matter what atrocities lie behind him.
“Mr. and Mrs. Winchester,” she starts, and Lydia clenches her jaw at the title. “Your daughter’s tox-screen and blood work just came back, and there is something very, very interesting on it. Do either of you want to guess what?” She looks expectantly to Dean.
“I know,” he says finally. “I’m sorry…I didn’t mean,” but Dean is cutting him off with a forced smile and a shake of his head.
He doesn’t go to her room. He keeps the door shut as if he could contain all the hurt of being without her by containing all of her things. He showers, heart numb. He dresses, motions mechanical, and when he is finished, he leaves. He turns out the last light in his empty home, climbs into his car, eyes pointedly looking everywhere,
“About nine years ago,” Dean answers, voice slow, and Cas flinches. He will never not ache over the thought of Dean wanting to die.
“Gonna get some sleep,” he grunts towards them, then turns before either can acknowledge the whiskey hanging from his hand.
“Fuck yeah, right there, Cas,” he mutters, bringing his ass down hard against Cas’ cock. Cas’ hand are gripped tight against Dean’s thighs, his eyes squeezed shut, his lips parted and quivering. “You like me riding your dick?” Dean asks, leaning down and nipping against Cas’ shoulder.
“You were the one telling me to get revenge, to not ‘let her get away with’ tearing me and Dean apart twice. Why are you changing your mind? Are you on
“Does it hurt?” Cas asks eyes flicking up to Dean’s concernedly.
“Bite your tongue,” he warns, hoping she doesn’t jinx it.
“Dean, come on, you can’t be serious. I can help,” Cas says, still rubbing his hands down Dean’s back. Dean stands and moves away from Cas so quickly that his head spins a little.
“Hold on there, Colossus; Cas didn’t take anything. Dean-O is the one who left and turned Cas into a fucking
“Dean Winchester to the office, please,” the lady says, and the whole class—dumbassed children that they are—let out a simultaneous chorus of ooooohhh’s that varies in tone. His teacher looks unamused through it all, but she still hands him a hall pass and dismisses him.
Some nights, when he was left lying awake staring at the ceiling, Sam couldn’t help but imagine the worst case scenario.
Which was why Dean knew it was time for him to take a step back after tonight.
Now, they could actually be the family they never could be on Earth.
“You asked.”
Sam woke with a jolt, finding himself slumped over the steering wheel. He accidentally sets off the horn trying to sit up, giving himself another rude jumpscare. After getting his heart rate down to a steady pace, he realized that the passenger seat was empty. Cautiously, he poked his head out of the vehicle, looking around the disused space of the garage. The sunlight was streaming through the window at a much lower angle than what he remembered, casting the room in the deep glow of late afternoon.
Eileen and Dean were especially proud of him, hanging Dean’s handmade banner in the front foyer and celebrating with a homemade cake the day he picked up his diploma. Dean would brag for weeks afterwards that his father was a big time lawyer to anyone who would listen, leaving Sam to clarify that he worked as a public defender, and no, that didn’t mean he could get them out of their speeding ticket. Eventually the novelty wore off, but Sam kept the banner tucked safely away in his private storage box out in the garage next to his brother’s old handgun, carefully wrapped in his threadbare hunting jacket.
Sam smiled softly, knowing what she was asking. “As far as the doctors can tell, he has no hearing problems.”
“For what?” she asks, taken aback.
Eileen had passed on a couple years previously in her sleep. Both of her boys had taken her sudden death hard, but Sam’s paranoia had wobbled up and down during his advancing years to the point where he begged his son to look into his mother’s death, fearing it was the consequence of an old foe finally enacting revenge. Unsurprisingly to Dean, there had been no proof of any underhanded supernatural dealings.
That wasn’t even the worst of it though. Dean had thought his hex burn had been rather gruesome, but it was nothing next to the ghastly sight of burnt and singed flesh around the left side of Cas’ abdomen. Whatever curse he had been hit with, it had torn past his Slytherin vest and dress shirt, exposing his chest to the chill of the dawn air lightly drifting from the Courtyard. Even if Cas was rushed to the best healers in England, that mark would never properly heal.
“Then I guess I’ll just have to make the most out of this,” he reckoned, looking at the world around him. “Think of it as retirement, maybe go through my bucket list. Assuming I can still do some of them up here...say, you wouldn’t happen to know if this Heaven has any policies on-”
Because Dean Winchester deserved closure.
he had died. Dean Winchester, the guy who killed Hitler and took on God himself, killed in a freak accident because some asshole Vamp-mimes running a second-rate kidnapping scheme couldn’t keep their hideout barn up to code. Sam would be poking fun at that one for years to come.
“It’s true that I had hoped you would be able to live a longer life than you did; one where you could see your worth beyond hunting, full of people who cared about you and a family to look after…”
“You said I changed you Cas…but you don’t even know how much you helped me be a better man. And I-I wish you had the chance to hear it from me before. You deserved to have your feelings acknowledged. You still do.” He muttered, his shoulders sinking slightly. “I just hope you’ll still give it to me when you’re ready. ‘Cause this Heaven? It’s peachy. But it’s not complete without you, Cas.”
Because when it really came down to it, Dean was proud of his little brother for pulling off the impossible. For moving up in the world and living out his life on his own terms. He had it made here...and sure, there had been moments when the pleasant high turned into sour bitterness, but it was never more than that; a spark of envy. He wouldn’t beguile his brother for moving on. That wasn’t who Dean was anymore. After everything they had been through, Sammy had earned the life he built without him.
In the days following, the two of them discussed how to move forward. They talked, really talked, putting their egos aside, and managed to come to an arrangement without escalating into another tear-stained brawl.
Cas closes his eyes and hums silently at the touch, enjoying the sensation as one of Dean’s thumbs faintly brushes over his pulse point.
It’s dark out when Sam Winchester puts the Impala in park.
So gave himself permission to be happy again. He let himself fall in love.
He looked up, trying again to focus his failing eyes on his son’s face.
“Positive,” he says, “why does it feel like this should be a bigger deal than it is?”
Dean looked skeptical, but decided not to press the matter further.
“But Dean, right now there are millions of souls on Earth, people caring and helping each other navigate life the best they can. They continue to exist because you and Sam refused to give in to oppression. And you taught that to Jack, who saw the best in humanity by watching you lead. Because of you, humans are free to live out the rest of their lives under a God who doesn’t need their constant validation. So no, I don’t think it was ‘all for nothing’,” Cas wiggles his fingers into air quotes, “as you like to suggest.”
“Don’t be a stranger, old man.” She tells him, grinning mischievously.
“Of course I can love. All things created have the potential to experience love,” he countered flatly. “You’re the one who taught me that it wasn’t a weakness like I was raised to believe, but rather a strength.”
Their simple two-story house looked warm and inviting with its huge living room, starring a couple of soft brown leather sofas facing an enormous TV screen mounted on the wall. Dean spent far too long admiring their spacious modern style kitchen, with its double oven and gas range stove. Oh man, he had some plans for the next time he came to visit. Maybe pop by some late afternoon, take over their kitchen, cook some real burgers and a pie. Assuming they could eat in Heaven...
He knows this much: that he definitely, certainly cares for the Slytherin beyond that of friendship; that he and Cas just went through a near-death experience and it’s probably safe to assume emotions are running high; that Cas is here and sincere and most importantly, in love with Dean. And maybe it was the headiness of the kiss or the near death thing or the fall of Voldemort’s reign of supremacist terror, but fuck it, Dean Winchester decides that he’s done enough in the last 12 hours to deserve this one good thing for himself.
“What’s with that expression now, boy? You look like you’ve seen a ghost!” she teased, her honeyed tone implicitly matching her stunning red pantsuit. Despite her slim and susceptible appearance, Rowena radiated a power and confidence that nearly toppled Sam over.
God, he hopes that Dean hadn't become a ghost.
“That’s why I waited until Sam had left and put a considerable distance between us before attempting it. That, and I’d rather not trouble him with the unwelcomed sight of walking in on us.” Dean feels the smooth, warm palm of Cas’ hand deftly picking up where his mouth left off.
“Yes, he’s healthy.” Sam replies slowly, not wanting to overwork his wife in her already exhausted state. “The doctors have a few more forms to fill out, but ultimately they said he’s okay.”
He makes his way to the Impala feeling rather spent. It was the end of what felt like a long day. He blinks as his eyes adjust, taking a last look at the sunset casting long shadows behind him.
Sam tears up, swallowing down his sobs. He hadn’t cried since Eileen died. He didn’t want his son’s last memory of him to be one of sadness.
Outside the thick stone walls the sun was struggling to break through the bleak, gray clouds heavy in the horizon, with only a few intermittent shafts of light managing to slip through the cracks. Even though the harsh winter had reluctantly given way to spring, it had been an unpleasantly chilly and washed-out May at Hogwarts.
Still, he invited all the hunters and friends to a gathering at the Bunker. Open bar, potluck feast, a Spotify playlist of Sabbath covers playing in the background. Just like Dean had asked for all those years ago. He drew the line at calling up Gary Busey and asking him to read a eulogy, though.
when he was done?
Dean walks into the room alone, gently closing the door behind him. Sam tried to follow him with his eyes, his son blinking in and out of focus as he sat himself on the edge of his bed, sighing deeply.
He took in a deep breath to steady his nerves. Dammit, how had Cas mustered the courage to speak from his heart like that?
“Sorry, you’re right, not the moment.” He amends, shifting uncomfortably under the angel’s scolding gaze. “But I mean, seriously Cas, what the hell do I say to that?”
Dean leans back slowly and lets go of Cas’ hands, his stiff muscles relaxing. He takes a risk and tentatively cups the side of Cas’ jaw, delighting in the way he can make the angel’s breath hitch from the sudden gentle contact, feeling the smooth stubble of his 5’oclock shadow brush against his skin as Cas exhales deeply and leans into his touch like a cat. He chuckles silently to himself, touching his forehead to the angel’s.
“Cas, what are you talking about?” Dean’s heart is slamming in his chest. He never thought he’d see Cas again. He thought that their run in the sun was over, but here he is, face frozen in terror and ten years alone beneath his belt. It’s been ten years, and after dreaming of him and being pissed at him and hating him and loving him, God,
“Wait,” Cas calls, unable to stand not knowing for another second, the anticipation drowning him. “Where are you going?” Cas runs after his mother, following her with half jogs and skips and fumbles. She is staring straight ahead, head held high and gaze teary. They are almost to the front door.
“Cas, wait,” Dean calls, wrapping a hand around Cas’ arm before he can get away. “Where are you going?”
Cas has tears in his eyes, too, and the sight makes Dean’s stomach crash through the floor. He looks devastated, like Dean’s love would crush him, and it might, fuck, it might, but Dean deserves to speak his piece, to find peace.
Cas has his eyes closed tightly, and his nostrils flare with every sharp intake of breath.
. I love
later,” she snaps at Cas, her eyes locked firm on Dean as she prepares to start back in on him. “You are nothing but an ignorant animal! Acting as though you don't know better than to pervert my son like this! You're absolutely useless! You are an abomination!" Dean, whittling down under her scrutiny, is not angry; he can’t even find it in himself to disagree with her. Instead, he hears them all, all the hundreds of insults thrown at him, people like him, over the years.
“Aye, aye Captain,” Dean says. He is so done with this conversation. He is so embarrassed that, if he were to be dissected right here, he feels sure his organs would be found liquified. Anna offers Dean a smile before standing and walking back to her house. Dean wonders dryly as he watches her walk away if great asses run in the family or if that’s just a Cas and Anna thing. Dean sighs and puts his head in his hands.
“You should be more careful where you talk,” Naomi spits, smoothing down her hair where he held her. Her other hand creeps toward the panic button under the lip of her desk, and Cas pushes aside his mother's betrayal to focus on the here, the now.
“Deana?” she asks, then it clicks. “Oh, gender-bend for the patrols. I got you.” A beat of silence passes and Cas' heartbeat soars in terror. “Listen, Cas…I haven’t seen Dean in weeks. Not since you left. He called the next night asking about you, and I told him you were in the clinic, told him what you said.”
5.	This clinic is the way to rebuild a new life.
“Why are you crying?” someone asks, a soft voice that stands over Dean. Dean pushes his face further into his arms. “Come on. Why are you crying?” the kid asks again, and Dean finally pulls his face out of his elbow. The boy before him has a big tuft of light brown hair attached to his skull and big blue eyes.
The second day of school for Dean is not nearly as bad as the first. Today, he has Cas. They giggle, as kids are supposed to do. They play, as kids are supposed to do. Dean likes that Cas makes him feel like it isn’t his responsibility to worry. They walk home together again that day, racing down the streets or stopping to poke bugs.
When they get to Sam’s, Cas is being pulled inside to help drag Sam’s dresser out and into Sam’s already loaded vehicle before he can open his mouth to say hello.
he means.
“Sure,” he says, blinking and rising from his chair. “My name is Castiel.”
“Boys,” he says loudly, opening his arms as though he expected them to run to him and fall into his arms. Needless to say, they don’t. John pulls Dean firmly to his chest as though he hadn't just seen him an hour ago, before turning to Sam. “Hey, Sam,” he says softly, and Dean watches as Sam’s defenses fall one by one. He starts angry, moves to scared, back to angry, and on to hurt before he’s rushing to his father, wrapping those long and lanky arms around the bastard of a man who raised them. Dean feels his own hardness towards the man soften, and before long, they are all hugging, and John is crying, weeping like neither boy has ever seen.
Cas loses his nerve right then and there. He had planned to tell Dean to open the card, a soft smile waiting on his face as he read it, and then they were going to ride off into the sunset, happily ever after waiting for them at the horizon.
"How many jobs did you have, on average in high school?"
“No, damn it. He’s not going to talk to you like that! Dean,
“Where’s Dean?” Cas asks, because Dean is all that matters.
“C-Cas,” the man stutters, and at the mere sound of his name on those lips after all this time, the jar Cas is holding slips between his fingers and shatters against the ground. It doesn’t matter. He is here. Dean is here.
“It’s okay. I just miss him a lot.”
But…but his voice had been almost right, just then. The words were still wrong, and Dean’d have probably shit his pants if Cas had ever said that to him for real.
“God, I love that kid. It scares me how much,” he says, and Sam nods understandingly. Nothing needs to be said. Sam knows how Dean feels about his daughter, what he’d give to make sure she’s safe. “So you’re coming back tomorrow?”
“Cas, we’ve talked about this,” he had reassured, a small smile pulling at his lips. “Everything’s fine. We’re here now, sitting together, Emma safe, watching Dr. Sexy.”
“Uh-huh,” Cas grunts hands clenching tighter around Dean’s legs.
“Come on, Sam. I’m bored.”
Then her hand wraps around the base of his cock, squeezing it partially to life before she sucks it into her mouth, hitting the soft of her throat again and again until he’s fully hard.
“She’s yours now, son. You can do whatever you want with her,” John says soberly, dropping the hand he still had resting on Sam’s face. Dean nods at John, and turns away.
“I’m not going to
“I know that,” Bobby says, reaching out and clasping Dean’s shoulder again. “But, son, you gotta have faith that you’ll pull through this.”
"Hardly," she retorts, and Dean stands, his voice irritated.
“Yeah. Why not?” Cas challenges, his foot heavying on the accelerator.
Of course, he does! Cas is everything Dean’s ever wanted! Apple pie life with his best friend, the only person who has ever
The road beneath Dean’s wheels is hard. It is unyielding, unforgiving, and Dean likes that. He likes that the road will never change, never decide it no longer loves being navigated. Roads are rock. They do not care one way or the other. Dean wishes he didn’t. He wishes he couldn’t feel a damn thing.
Cas. He always has. Dean, too distracted to notice that his coffee is scalding, takes a sip and nearly spews it over his tiny kitchen.
Cas glances up at him, still stretched out across the bed. He doesn’t have his tattoos.
“Where are we?” he asks when he's felt and revered in every inch of Dean's face at least four times.
“No, I’m not on her
Slightly peeved, he looked over, saw it was his psychotic and needy boss, and hit silent. He then exhaled a deep and cleansing breath, stuck his spoon back into his brownie, and was jerked away by the phone ringing again. When he answered, she ordered him to come back into office if he wanted to keep his job and hung up before giving him the chance to explain that his car was otherwise involved. But he needed his job. So he put his brownie down, climbed back onto the subway—this time standing in a puddle of questionable liquid beside an old lady who kept grabbing for his ass unprovoked—and made his way back to the office.
Dean is ready for this. He really is. They’ve been fooling around for over a month now, and it’s gotten to the point where he can't even have sex with his girlfriend without Cas popping into his head. He can't even jerk himself off without wishing that Cas were there, and it shocks him to realize he wants Cas
Castiel tells himself again and again,
“I don’t have to work today. Why don’t we just stay here?” Dean suggests, closing Peter Pan gently and setting it to the side. Emma’s head falls back against his chest, and he finds himself running an absent hand through her hair.
“Good,” she says, and the finality in her voice is apparent. Dean is leaving. He’s packing up again, taking what’s left of his life, and getting the hell out of dodge. He is alone. Really and truly…entirely alone. He packs slowly, pulling only what he needs from the drawers and leaving the rest. He takes the picture of his mom, choking back the memory of the day Cas gave it to him. It seems like a lifetime ago, an eternity since they were together and happy… When he’s packed, Dean sits at his desk and begins writing a letter to Sam.
“God, I’m so glad you’re back. We were so worried about you,” he says.
“It’s not me you have to explain yourself to, kid,” he says before picking his bag up off the ground and heading for his and Cas’ shared motel room.
“So what are you going to do?” she asks, watching him slowly.
“What?” Dean screeches. “The bitch is faking.”
“But she...” Cas starts finally, eyes still glued to the road. His voice is incredibly small.
than struggling.
“Yeah, hi, I’m Charlie, born and bred lesbian. So, I’ve been in stage one of your ‘recovery clinic’ for weeks. Shouldn’t I be moved on to stage two?”
“Were you honestly not listening to what I’ve been telling you during this whole conversation?”
each other; they've teased, as usual, but it’s been months since they have done more than co-exist in the same space. Sam lays his shaggy head back against the wall and stares to the ceiling.
“It’s a celebratory bottle of whiskey,” Dean says, rolling his eyes. “I don’t know what you want from me, man.”
Cas manages to choke down his own sobs until he gets to Charlie’s office, but as soon as his car slips into park, he shatters.
“Who told you?” Cas asks, once the girl is gone. His voice is level, commanding. He has lost too much to tremble now.
Also, in the beginning, I envisioned little Dean as little Jensen instead of Ridge Canipe as the show portrayed him in 1.18 and 3.08, so if any of you are wondering where the heck I'm getting a cute little blonde with a bowl-cut, that would be where.
“I don’t know.” A long moment passes. Dean continues to smoke, staring after Cas until he turns a corner and removes himself from Dean’s sight. “Listen, Dean, my mom is still pissed at him for being the president of the GSA, and she's still pissed at him for writing that play. She’s none too happy with you either for kissing him, but she still thinks it was all for the play.”
“Who are you trying to have arrested?”
“My sister should not condone this type of behavior." Anna becomes so angry that her ears ring her mothers words in and out. "If any child of mine...out of the house. That’s the problem...gays have taken over. They infiltrate our work...next?...abominations, each and....”
Cas knows Dean didn’t mean those things. He knows how much Emma means to Dean, and to think that he might lose her obviously made him very upset. Cas knows that Dean just needs a day or so to calm down and see that Cas can help fix this as much as he helped create this. Cas knows Dean just needs space to cool down, so with shaking hands, Cas starts his car and heads for his own apartment. When he gets there, he finds Sam and Gabe splayed across the couch watching the cooking channel.
Dean blinks, and the room before him comes back into focus. There are his old posters on the walls, his old books on the shelf. He sees all the blood stains, food stains, and tears stains on his carpet. He sees his life in a million moments in this room, and he wants nothing more than to lie down on the bed and crash. He knows he can’t do that though, not with John liable to come back at any moment. So instead, he heads to the living room, his eyes trailing over the pictures hung in the hallway. He sees himself smiling with Sam, a snapshot Bobby took. He sees Sam working on the Impala with Bobby, a snapshot Dean took. He sees one of Dean and Cas dressed in their respective soccer and baseball attire, a snapshot Sam took. He doesn’t see any of his father, and he knows why. He knows because he hung all these, taking care to choose only the happy ones, the ones that didn’t remind him that his father was a drunken dead-beat.
“We’re leaving,” Dean says, and it isn’t an invitation to argue. It is simply a fact. He tries to step past her, but she rises and stands before him. She is a small woman, several inches shorter, rather petite, and really much too young for John now that Dean sees her up close.
“Yeah, Cas, we are.”
. I’m bi,” Dean repeats with a snarl, anger unfurling from his gut with her every step away from him until he can't take it anymore. “You’re a real
He finds himself in his car, Steve the Dog forgotten in the house as he drives to the liquor store. He doesn’t know why he goes there. Perhaps, it's because he’s crying, and alcohol has always been there to comfort him. Perhaps, it's because no matter what else he's done, the whisky always tastes a little like Dean…
“Maybe he wants to go get ice cream with us. Ice cream always makes me happy!” Her voice is excited, even as she continues the patting.
” and that is all it takes. He waits, of course he does. Whatever Dean wants. Whatever Dean needs, no matter how much it may hurt Cas to wait. He turns slowly.
“He’s always wanted kids, even when we were ten and drawing our lives in fifteen years, even when we were seventeen and talking about the future. It’s nothing new, and of all of those people I’ve met in my twenty-eight years, seventeen countries, three degrees, and thousands of faces, Dean is the most paternal I’ve ever seen. His instinct to protect and nurture is unlike anything I’ve ever seen.” Dean is watching Cas with furrowed brows. He is picturing in some distant part of his mind what their lives
shoulder to shoulder until time for
Dean hates himself. And suddenly, his own heart stutters up-tempo, arms tightening around Cas just before he finally pushes himself up enough to gaze down at him.
Cas’ lips turn up a bit, but he still looks like Dean hollowed him out with his words. He realizes quite suddenly that it was a selfish thing, Cas’ confession all those weeks ago. Dean’s glad that Cas finally decided to take what Dean had been too afraid to offer, and he’s glad that Cas was able to find some peace through it. But Dean’s never been very good at being selfish. Seeing how Cas looks just as gutted as Dean had been that night, Dean almost wishes he’d never opened his mouth.
Cas hums in a soft agreement.
“Now, Cas, don’t be like that. If you won’t do it compliantly, I’ll have to bring in force,” she says, but Cas only clenches his jaw, refusing to let her do this to him. So she doesn't. Instead, she sighs and leans away, her arms still pinned to her sides by Castiel’s hands. “Alright,” she says, tossing her head slightly to clear the hair. Then she’s opening her mouth and screaming like
the first time around. He sees now that it is broken: crumbling brick, smoke-stained windows, and roof, bowed right over the heart of the place.
Every mile, every goddamn second of the tears and the heartbreak, it was worth it to remember how he felt about Dean. It was worth it, just to know that He’s happy. Dean will
“Damn it, Gabe,” Cas groans, hanging his head in his hand. He stands there in the bathroom until Dean’s voice echoes from the living room.
wrong for wanting this, wrong for loving Dean. He swallows them down because he loves Dean, no matter what that goddamn bitch thinks, and he wants to show Dean that he loves him,
a good cook,” he drawls, stepping closer and wrapping a single arm across Cas’ shoulders. “Who would have guessed?” Dean pushes a hand through Cas’ hair, drawing the heat back to Cas’ cheeks. “So pretty when you blush,” Dean murmurs, leaning down and kissing Cas’ lips softly. Cas freezes at the contact. The kiss is warm and sticky and strangely pleasant to the point that Cas even begins to kiss back. That is until Dean shifts closer and spreads Cas’ legs apart to stand between them. Even that is not
how many orgasms I’ve been given because of a fat cock up my ass?”
“Cas,” he breathes.
“Dinner in eight,” she says, leaving and pulling the door shut behind her. Dean finds himself in the dining room with a smiling and oblivious Sam eight minutes later. “Sam, sweetheart,” Lilith calls from the kitchen over her shoulder, an apron tied pristinely around her waist. “Could you set the table for me?”
“Excuse me, sir, you need to sign in!” the woman at the desk calls, so Cas skids to a halt and scribbles his name on the clipboard she’s holding out. He slaps the sticker to his shirt and picks his sprint back up, swinging the corners to the maternity ward. Jess follows close behind him. They find Missouri in the maternity ward, sitting in the waiting room with a clipboard of papers.
“What? No, of course, I do!” Cas sits back on his knees, and Dean follows, taking Cas’ face in his hands concernedly.
“Charlie,” a voice says from the door, and Cas looks up to see the lady from the picture staring at Charlie with a smile. She is every bit as beautiful in person as she was in the photograph, her long, brown hair curling down to her waist and twisting back in a look he’s beginning to suspect is a habit of hers.
Dean doesn't ask for much for his birthday. He asks to sit down around Bobby’s rickety little table and eat food Ellen cooked just for them and blow out the eighteen candles atop a pie Sam helped bake and top it all off by going the fuck to bed. However, as unassuming and humble as the wishes might be, no one seems to want to comply with them, from start to finish.
“Dean,” Lisa says, her mom voice in full swing. “We
Eventually, they fall asleep like that, Cas’ nose buried in Dean’s neck, Dean’s cheek resting atop Cas’ hair, their hands entwined between their laps. It is a nice rest, one that leaves them both cozy when they are drawn into waking by a passing vehicle honking its horn. Dean grunts as he awakes, his hand uncurling from Cas’ shoulders to stretch above his head and rub down his face. Cas sits up as well, his hair flattened against his skull from Dean’s face. Cas watches Dean blearily as he yawns, his arm muscles tightening as he stretches.
different when he got Cas back. They were in
Sam’s anger fades immediately.
“Oh, well…do you think he’d say yes?”
“Thank you,” Cas says, sitting on his bed and kicking his feet. Dean turns around eventually.
“What did you think I meant?” she asks, drawing her hand back and resting it once again on Dean’s arm. Cas smiles a bit.
“Damn it,” he growls, leaving Cas’ doorstep behind in favor of where he feels sure Cas has gone. The path is beaten; it is old. It is sunny summers and two five year olds adventuring into the wilds. It is chilly mornings and two seven year olds swinging sticks to clear their way. It is cloudy autumns and two nine year olds hauling wood to build a tree house. It is rainy dusks and two eleven year olds running back to their houses for movie night. It is snowy afternoons and two thirteen year olds hiking back to their sanctuary. It is humid dawns and two fifteen year olds trying to find a quiet place to talk. Now, it is a starry night and one seventeen year old looking for his best friend.
“You’re already in my pants, Cas. You don’t have to say that,” Dean huffs, grinning down to Cas.
“You’re right,” he says and turns to give Cas a soft smile. “Let me go see my girl for a bit, and then I’ll take you out on the town. How does that sound?” Cas smiles widely.
“How much stability do you think that gives your daughter, Mr. Winchester?”
“Because she’s beautiful, just like you.”
“No. I have too much to live for now.” Sam smiles softly at his brother, an unspoken
“That’s so wonderful, babe!” he exclaims, leaning forward and pressing a kiss to Cas’ lips. Cas’ cheeks burn. “You’re finally gonna be published! It’s your dream come true, Cas,” he says, and Cas nods, a smile tugging at his own lips. They sit in silence for a moment before Dean speaks again, his tone light. “Maybe she should put Emma up on the stage. The kid’s been going on for
“We were reminiscing,” he defends, to which Dean grins and kisses him.
“Anna,
“You do,” he says, pushing her red hair back with the flat of his hands. He feels sure that one day it will lighten back to a strawberry blonde. “You were adopted. Do you know what that means?” Cas rocks the small child slowly back and forth.
“Chin up. The bus is going to be here soon.”
Dean’s movements are jerky when he goes for the angel blade, uncoordinated, but Cas doesn’t flinch. Not even when Dean rests the tip as close to his throat as close as he dares.
He—roll, Johnny, roll—he wants to make love to Cas.
“I just kinda thought,” Sam starts, hedging.
for me to see how wrong I was,” she says into his hair, her fingers combing softly through the bed head, stained with tears and sleep and lack of both. “I will
“She’s looking at you, Casanova,” Dean mutters, elbowing Sam to get him to stop staring. His baby brother’s eyes flash to his, slightly horrified, pulling a laugh out of Dean. “Why don’t you ask her if she wants to come over here?”  Sam nods.
“Cas,” he says quietly, knocking on the window, tears still spilling down his face. Cas’ window isn’t as high as Dean’s, so he just stands on his tip-toes to see inside instead of hanging by his forearms as Cas had. He knocks louder, tears falling faster because he doesn’t want to be alone. He wants to be with his friend, with the friend who makes him laugh instead of the father who makes him cry. “Please, Cas,” he whimpers, putting his head down on the cool brick of Cas’ windowsill. He doesn’t want to leave, but he’s getting cold because he left without at jacket and a storm is rolling in. He knows he’ll get sick if he stays outside any longer, so, with tears still in his eyes, he turns away.
He took one last scalding gulp of coffee and abandoned his mug to the sink.
“I’m here,” he says into the phone, a private joke that makes Dean throw his head back and laugh.
Dean thought he had sent him a beginner friendly recipe, but he should have known better. Cas mostly lived off take out and frozen pizzas, so maybe this required some hand-holding.
, Dean thinks. He’s giving him one minute and then he’s going in after him and they are going to wrap up this case and then he is going to finally resolve the five years of tension between them and kiss the bastard.
Cas pressed a thigh between his and Dean cried out. He tugged desperately at Cas’ wings, pulling him in impossibly closer.
He dropped to his knees under the new weight. And then just as suddenly as it began the pain was gone.
He could feel his grace coil within him ready to burst, doing its best to tear him in half. Through the pain he stretched his wings and launched himself away from Dean and into the air.
"Lead the way."
"I'm waiting for you to tell me to leave."
Dean sighed and absent-mindedly stroked the feathers he had tousled back into place. Castiel felt his eyelids begin to grow heavy.
Afraid that he would disappear again, Dean ran after him. He called for him to stop dammit!, and then he couldn’t say anything at all as he watched in amazement as Cas’ body lifted high into the air and a brilliant shock of light lit up the forest around them.
Dean knocked a knee against his and they enjoyed the morning, together.
It was late on Halloween when Dean’s phone rang twenty minutes into one of his favorite horror flicks.
Castiel has spent years waiting for Dean to make a different kind of choice, and he’s
Dean sent Cas the photo of his haphazardly made Thankful Turkey.
Happy Thanksgiving, Dean. Did you roast a turkey for dinner? I would show you the one Gabriel and I made but I think it may horrify you.
The first thing Dean noticed was his piercing blue eyes. Dean blinked twice, words caught in his throat. There was too much to process: the arrow straight nose, full lips, five o’clock shadow, and what Dean’s frazzled brain could only describe as sex hair.
Their first kiss is soft. A brief brush of lips, and then Dean pulls back, because this is what he wants but that means nothing if Cas doesn't feel the same.
he mouthed into the empty classroom. What an idiot. “Bye Cas.”
Okay, so he’s got their target in his
“Thank you for the clothes,” Castiel said after a few minutes of awkward silence.
“Nope,“ Gabriel says, with a snap of his fingers. "We made this one just for you, bro.”
“Excuse me,” he said with a voice like gravel, “Could I trouble you… I’m looking for De-.”
Dean is angry. Absolutely furious to be stuck here with everything he’s ever wanted: a fully stocked kitchen and his family safe and happy around the dinner table, a comfortable couch and Dr. Sexy on the tv and Cas sat next to him with no space in between.
Soon, he thought. He stole some of Donna's snack while she was busy looking at her phone in an attempt to distract himself. It didn't work.
“Dean, you don’t have to-”
And for the first time since he got Cas back, Dean's words don't fail him.
It wasn’t a big deal, he tried to tell himself. Sam and Donna were on there, too. It wasn't like Cas had to read anything into it.
. The thought, or maybe the feathers that brushed against his sides, sent a spike of arousal through him and he gasped.
Dean tried not to laugh. “You okay?”
“Dean?” Cas’ voice went quiet. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable or-”
“Alright,” Dean said quietly, “go back to sleep. But we’re not done.”
"I promise." Cas stretched up to kiss him briefly and then turned to face the television, snuggling closer to Dean's side.
“Mm,” Cas mumbled with a wooden spoon still in his mouth, effectively turning Dean’s brain offline. “Much better.”
He leans into Dean’s side and looks out at the waves of silky white petals, willing them to wash over him with a sense of peace.
"Did they live happily ever after?" the boy asked hopefully.
is all you. Not exactly something we carry in the standard hunt bag."
“Man, you couldn’t have waited to turn back at a more decent hour?” he grumbled and cracked one eye open to see him pulling a hoodie over the other clothes Dean had set on one of the tables last night.
He spends the first few days wandering around the bunker, trailing his fingers over the things he saw Dean touch last. The mug he’d used for coffee, the chair he’d sat in for supper, the neon sign he’d put on the wall of his rec room.
There will be time for everyone else later, because then his eyes lock with Cas’ and this is it. He takes two steps closer to him and the proximity is like a punch to the gut. Dean can’t breathe, but a hug isn’t going to cut it and he needs
When Cas turns away from the bar, his fingers deliberately brush against Dean’s hand.
“Yeah, I have that effect on people. They just can’t stop talking about me.”
“Hey, man, don’t knock it till you’ve tried it.”
Dean smiled at the photo of Batman and Elsa posed in mid-combat. He sent it to Sam.
Cas interrupted him mid-monologue with an elbow to the gut. It was all the distraction Dean needed to end the shifter with a bullet between the eyes.
When he checked his phone during recess he had a text from Cas.
Then Cas took a bite of his omelette, and his eyes widened.
Later, much later, Cas put away his wings. But he walked out of Dean’s room wearing soft worn jeans and a Led Zeppelin t-shirt, so Dean was willing to take the compromise.
But Dean is a professional and he does notice when their target slips through a door on the far side of the ballroom. He joins Cas at the bar.
Dean must see the tension lingering on his face because he turns to walk further into the meadow, pulling Castiel by the hand.
Castiel watched him for a few minutes, taking in his crossed arms and bowed head, and he thought of all the times he had kept a similar nighttime vigil over Dean’s bedside. He couldn’t think of those as simpler times but he still looked back on them fondly. He would much rather watch over Dean than have to be looked after himself.
Dean pulled him in for another kiss. “Good?” he asked against Cas’ lips.
Cas chuckled. The deep sound raised goosebumps on Dean’s arms.
“I’ll be fine, he just seems a little freaked. Sam will want to know.”
"So Death isn't gonna get them?" the boy asked, eyes wide.
Donna immediately pulled out her phone. Dean rolled his eyes.
They never looked as impressive when photographed.
“Yeah, Sam. Two thirty, I got it.”
Dean swiped Cas’ name on his phone.
“I’m omniscient,” Cas said dryly. After Dean’s sarcastic
Dean poked at a wing more boldly. “I don’t know… some half-assed spell that tried to turn you into a bird?”
Crap, it was no wonder the storm had set him off last night.
“Oh.” Dean quickly withdrew his hands. Color blossomed on his cheeks and ears. “I can stop.”
"I don't want to do that," Dean says to the table.
“Cas?” Dean’s voice sounded distant but Castiel could still feel his hands, one digging into his shoulder, the other warm against his cheek. “Cas! Stay with me, man.”
He's distantly aware of Sam ushering Jack and Jody and mom and whoever else out of the war room.
Dean wasn’t moping, despite what Sam and Donna claimed.
He turned to find that Cas had dropped to the ground, his face twisted in pain and his hands clutching his head as he screamed. Dean rushed to his side and hit his knees, reaching to grab Cas’ shoulders and tried to anchor him from whatever invisible pain was wreaking havoc on him.
Dean’s breath caught for a moment at the deep, gravelly voice that rumbled across the line.
“Don’t call 911,” he yelled to Charlie, “He’s a wolf.”
He’d made the mistake of mentioning Castiel more than once to Sam, who had suggested that they try to meet up in person since they got along well enough via email. Dean wasn’t sure it was a good idea. It was a school mandated assignment, after all. Castiel was just doing his job by trading emails with Dean. He didn’t want to cross any lines.
“Oh, man, I’m sorry.”
“What the hell,” he muttered.
Cas looks up, eyes wide and hopeful.
He looked up at her with a smirk. “We’ll see about that.”
Dean tried not to read too much into that, but then his phone buzzed with another text and he completely forgot about the first. It was a selfie, taken at an awkward angle to show off a purple headband that held two cat ears to the top of Cas' head. Dean grinned at the image, but especially at the perplexed look on Cas’ face.
“I’m sorry,” Dean says, trying to catch his breath. He grabs onto Cas’ sleeve and says it again.
Things quiet down after they light the tree, let’s meet in front of it at 8?
The man looks at the display window. “Crap.” And then he nearly knocks a tray out of Donna’s hands as he turns to grab a chalkboard that proclaims
“No.” Cas sighed. “And he didn’t approve- we had not spoken in years.”
The sincerity in his voice made Dean flush. “It was nothing. I’m… I enjoy working on cars. Just make sure you send me a picture of the spare now before you start driving on it so I can double check that it looks safe.” Maybe he should have driven over to help after all.
The moment their mouths met, any doubt Dean felt melted away. He couldn’t remember anything that had ever felt like this. His heart raced but it wasn’t the adrenaline rush he knew so well, it was just happiness and relief and every carnal thought he’d repressed for the past ten years. Dean kissed his best friend, really
Dean dropped onto her couch and grumbled, “Is it weird to wish your colleague a happy Valentine’s Day?” He felt his cheeks flush.
, dammit.
“Okay,” Dean said, pulling a chair off one of the tables to have a seat. “I don’t know if you came here on purpose or by accident, but we’re all the same here.”
“Hey.” Dean stills him with a hand on his elbow. “Do I look like a ditchable prom date to you?”
Thankfully the wings weren’t as heavy as he expected them to be, so he was able to lift him more or less successfully. He laid Cas out on his stomach so his wings could drape down along either side of the bed, and then realized he had dropped him on top of the covers.
That costume suits you.
“No bacon this week, but if you don’t mind a bit of sweetness…” Dean gestures to the display on the counter. “We’ve got a raspberry jalapeño.”
Six days later found Dean ready to make tacos instead of the traditional turkey dinner. He sent Sam a picture of the pumpkin pie fresh out of the oven, though.
Cas nodded. He leaned forward to peck Dean on the lips. “Just tired.” His face scrunched like he was fighting a yawn, which of course caused Dean to copy him.
I’m awesome.
He hit send without really thinking, and only realized after the message was gone that he’d suggested the exact thing he had been so carefully avoiding.
She greeted him at the front door with a bottle of their favorite beer.
"I want you here," he says gruffly. "You can stay as long as you want."
It's the most he's said to Cas in days and it... well, somehow it came out sounding like some kind of half-assed proposal. He gathers up their empty plates and retreats to the kitchen before he ruins everything.
His phone buzzes in his pocket. It’s Dean, he knows. Even with his depleted grace he can still feel Dean’s soul reach out to him in prayer, even when Dean doesn’t consciously realize that’s what he’s doing.
He watched hope grow on Cas’ face, and it bolstered his courage.
“C'mon, Cas, we’ll make popcorn, grab a couple beers. It’s gonna be great.” Dean walks past him and claps a hand on his shoulder. The touch lingers all the way down his arm until Dean’s fingers curl around his and pull, and Castiel follows.
One of my students was handing these out to teachers who didn’t wear a costume today.
Not wanting to disturb him, Castiel tried to shift quietly. But as tired and uncoordinated as he was feeling he couldn’t avoid how the tip of one wing brushed against Dean’s leg and woke him with a start.
Dean was on his last set of chairs when he got a reply from Castiel.
Thankfully, Dean’s cell let out a loud beep, effectively cutting Sam off. He was grateful for the interruption and pulled up the newest email in his inbox. He wasn’t surprised to see that it was from the school administration since the spring session resumed Monday, it was typical that they would check-in and welcome back the staff. But as he scanned the first few lines his already sour mood worsened.
He texted Donna to ask if they were on for tomorrow.
Feathers enveloped his hand and he could feel the electric tingle all the way up his arm. Cas shifted against him, then groaned in pain.
Cas ended the call mid-eyeroll.
to their turkey feathers.
Dean laughed and replied, “Wait till you try the pie.”
"Hey Cas, looks like it's just us for dinner. I was thinking enchiladas, but-"
Hey Cas, it’s Dean. Happy 4th.
Cas narrowed his eyes. "I got... played."
Castiel moved from Seattle to Lawrence two months ago, and the biggest challenge he has faced is finding coffee that doesn’t taste like a day’s old sludge. After much searching, he now goes to the same place for coffee almost every day, and each Monday he treats himself to a doughnut because that’s when they reveal the new
Still, he smiled to see the large stack of Valentines on his desk, and even a few pieces of candy. He popped a heart shaped peanut butter cup into his mouth and finished wiping down the tables and chairs.
The call drops, and Dean leans back in his seat. "Three hours of research and not so much as a thanks, who taught the kid manners." He shoots a grin over to Cas, expecting one in return, but Cas is caught up in looking at the table again.
"Cas!" he yelled, and caught a flash of tan as he rounded a corner. Dean followed and then stopped dead in his tracks.
Cas continued to text him observations and predictions for the next hour, seemingly unaware of the havoc he had wrought on Dean’s mind with their first video call.
“I wouldn’t do that, if I were you,” the witch sneered.
“I could always ask Gabriel to move in with you, if it’ll fill the brotherly void in your life.”
Coward, Dean cursed himself as he backtracked out of his offer to meet Cas at the high school to help him.
"Thanks again for dinner, it was really good." Eileen said.
“Fine! He calls this ‘
At lunchtime he joined Donna in the teacher's lounge.
Sam groaned. "No thanks. I think I need to walk this off for a while or I'll never be able to sleep." He stood and stretched. "Let's go check out the square?" he asked Eileen.
Castiel’s grace wasn’t what it used to be.
A completely drenched man came through the door and battled the wind and the rain to close it behind him. His dark hair was plastered against his forehead, and he was dripping all over the place.
And there was something about Castiel that made him reluctant to leave.
A slight flush colors his face, Castiel notices with bemusement. (Perhaps he also notices that it brings out the green in his eyes.) Castiel clears his throat.
Some of the tension melts out of Cas' posture, but Dean can tell it's not enough. He pushes past his fear. He has stared down lowly demons and all powerful gods, he has no reason to be afraid of Cas.
Because then Dean pulls him around so they are face to face and says, “That’s a load of crap.”
“That stuff will kill you,” he said. And when Dean only shrugged, he got back on topic. “You know it’s only three hours by plane.”
“Hey, Cas,” Sam says from the doorway.
The grand finale illuminated the sky, but Dean didn’t look up from where he was tapping out a reply to Cas.
Sam drags the desk chair over and drops onto it. “We’re going to get him back.”
“The Winchesters have a habit of taking in strays,” Castiel said like he was quoting something. “Human and wolf alike.”
Cas’ wingspan draped listlessly to either side. Dean had a clear view of the powerful joints sprouting from his shoulder blades, crushed as they were between their two bodies. The feathers were silky to the touch and the tips of Dean’s fingers tingled as he brushed a blade of grass from the tip one one dark feather.
Dean gleefully saved the photo so he could set it as Cas’ contact image.
They were close now, each leaning in until their white wisps of breath mingled in the air between them.
“Get the fuck out,” Dean says, and he slices his hand open with Michael’s blade and draws his banishment in blood.
"He asked Dean if he would let him stay, if he came back with him. He didn't want to end up alone, you see."
Maybe one day.
Monday morning came quickly and Dean was glad to get back to work. He had a good group of kids this year.
A wave of pain coursed through Castiel’s body and he slumped sideways.
“Cas!” Dean took half a step back and put a hand on Cas’ shoulder. His surprisingly clothed shoulder. “Are you-? They got the witch.” He grabbed Cas’ face, turned his head from side to side, and ignored the way Cas rolled his eyes.
playing on one of the stations. "I was thinkin' next year, maybe we could visit Sammy at Stanford. Make a road trip out of it," Dean said, and only realized after the words left his mouth that they implied he expected they would still be together next year.
Dean looks up from the table where he is drumming his fingers on a closed laptop. His grin settles against Castiel’s heart like a crashing wave, battering against his walls and defenses, widening the cracks and slipping through to reshape his very heart.
When Dean opened his mouth to respond, that was naturally the moment his phone began to ring. As he dug it out of his pocket, Castiel closed his eyes again not at all surprised at the timing.
"Whoa, whoa, okay take it easy." Dean held his hands out, still clutching his phone.
Sam’s eyebrows raised as he finished reading the email and then he looked up with a smirk.
“Cas,” Dean said and his voice broke over the word, “stay with me. It’s going to be… you gotta stay with me. I won’t lose you, not again.” He wrapped his arms tighter across Cas’ bare chest. Cas’ head lolled back against Dean’s shoulder when he passed out, and Dean tucked his face into his neck and tried to breathe.
Dean turned quickly and nearly lost his footing on the thin layer of snow that covered the ground. “Cas!”
shamelessly inspired by The Princess Bride
"Ah, that's right. So you see, when Castiel told Dean he would come with him to fight Death, he had a plan up his sleeve."
Dean tensed, waiting to see if he would fall into another fit, but the moment passed and Dean allowed himself to hope that the worst of the spell was behind them, that Cas just needed a little more time to rest and recover before he would be good as new.
“Dean, you need to get over-”
Dean has eyes on their target.
Dean chuckled. "Yeah, you're alright." He leaned in to kiss the pout off Cas' mouth. "Let's finish up here and then get you cleaned up."
"PB and J, eat up." He intends to say more but Cas looks up at him and smiles. He clears his throat and gets back to work.
“Jody Mills, one of the P. E. teachers at the middle school. She hasn’t replied to my email yet, but I maybe got a little carried away with questions.” Donna stirred her hot chocolate thoughtfully. “What about you?”
He watched Cas dip in and out of frame as he presumably plated his own dinner.
“Pretty sure that leads to the garage,” he says, ducking his head close as he reaches for an hors d’oeuvre.
Before he can talk himself out of it, Dean reaches for his pocket knife. "Hey, he says, "you should, uh." Dean taps the knife against his own initials.
Happy Fourth of July, Dean. I envy your view.
Dean set the charred burger patties on the table and turned to see what had Sam so amused only to find Cas peeling an onion and delicately cutting each layer into even slices.
him, and moaned when he felt the slide of Cas’ tongue against his. And the only part that was strange were the wings.
He’s not sure what Michael is playing at- but if his goal was to make Dean complacent or broken, he’s failed.
Dean looks up at him, his eyes widen at what he sees on Castiel's face. "No, that's not-" words seem to fail him. He drops the cloth he was holding and comes to stand in front of Castiel.
Really, he does.
He paced the length of his kitchen a dozen times as he waited for a response.
He caught a few glimpses of Cas doing just that as he juggled the saucepan and his phone.
For now, this is enough.
But Dean can’t repeat the words, they are stuck in his throat along with everything else he never says. He reaches out instead and let’s his body do the talking. His fingers trail over Cas’ hand and up his arm, and he gets onto his knees behind him on the bed.
He grits his teeth. He could have had this. He’d had almost all of it already, but this was the missing piece that has always been just out of reach.
He sat down with his plate of tacos and before he could take a bite, his phone beeped.
Dean shouted and there was a loud gunshot, but Castiel was distracted by a sudden face full of putrid slime. A mix of blood and moldy herbs assaulted his senses and set his skin on fire. He instinctively reached for the dredges of his grace to cleanse himself and that’s when the spell latched on.
“It’s nice you have a fond way to keep those memories alive,” he said gently, but didn’t linger on the topic for which Dean was grateful. “I wish I had some garlic bread,” Cas sighed, and the despair in his voice made Dean laugh.
Dean wouldn’t say he rushed back to his room to check on Cas, but he definitely turned the corner fast enough that he couldn’t avoid crashing straight into Cas in the doorway.
When at last the tire was changed, a full twenty minutes later, Cas breathed a sigh of relief into the phone.
Dean kisses the top of Cas’ head, but remains silent. He’s learning. He’s got faith that Cas will stay with him as he figures it out.
More for me, bitch.
“Oh,” he says, and then he smiles. “Hi- I mean, welcome to, uh, Salt ‘n Burn. What can I… take your order?”
Dean's just finished scrubbing the plates with more force than necessary after a couple of sandwiches when Cas walks through the doorway.
Dean doesn't expect Cas to be so closed off after he rescues him from the Empty. Cas hugs Sam tight the second he enters the bunker, and then Jack when he appears moments later, but stubbornly keeps his distance from Dean.
Later, after he finished herding students to their designated busses, Dean found himself back at his desk to wrap up the day and check on his itinerary for tomorrow. Just as he was about to head home he got a new email notification. A quick glance at his computer told him it was from Castiel Novak, high school history teacher and Dean’s new obligation buddy.
Hesitantly, Cas takes the knife. He makes no move to begin carving. "I'm not sure I belong," he says without meeting Dean's eyes.
“You okay?” Dean asked. He paused his hands where they began to undo the buttons on Cas’ shirt.
Cas rolled his baby blues. "That was terrible, but very flattering."
Dean walks into the bunker the next day and the light behind his eyes is only his own.
"This a compliment or an insult?" Dean asked, eyebrows raised in amusement.
Charlie reached his side just as the wolf finished his transition and crouched defensively where he had backed up against the door.
“What’s got you so chipper at this hour?” she asked before she spotted the phone in his hand. “Ah. Heard from a special someone, hm?”
The bright light of his grace seemed to pour out from his very skin, and Dean shouted at him, trying desperately to help him keep his focus. “Fight this, Cas. You can fight this!”
They walked across the street to join the large crowd gathered in the square.
The floor seemed to drop out from under him. Dean leaned against the counter when it seemed his legs no longer wanted to support him.
“You’re upset.”
Dean thinks to himself, ignoring the fact that the angel was incomprehensibly more ancient than himself. As if hearing Dean’s thoughts, Cas halts his efforts to casually study Dean’s expression, much to the hunter’s displeasure. He opens his mouth to complain only to feel it fall open in surprise, shuddering as he feels the lush, unprompted press of Cas’ tongue along the hot and sensitive underside of his erect cock, forcing Dean to grip the edge of the desk hard.
He hardly noticed that his legs had taken over his motor functions until he was already walking up her driveway at a brisk pace. Sam could hear the keening whine and sharp clicking taps on the windows behind him as he walked away, leaving the dog behind inside the Impala. He wasn’t certain that he’d closed the driver’s door behind him, but he couldn’t bring himself to turn around and check. A tremor of dread slid through him with an icy chill, locking up his stomach and leaving his mind worryingly numb. His legs felt heavier with every step as memories of the last time he had run to Eileen came flooding back in urgency.
Was it petty? Absolutely. He was a Winchester after all.
“Dean…” she said, cupping the side of his face and looking into his downcast eyes, “you are my son. You never, ever need to apologize to me for caring too much.”
She nodded as she let the information sink in. “And is he…” she draws off before making two small rotations in front of her lips.
Because Castiel deserved to be more than just a footnote in the story of "two brothers who save the world".
Dean knows he won’t last much longer when Cas' other hand starts caressing the inside of his thigh, making its way past his underwear and around his balls, fondling them carefully. He swears loudly, momentarily forgetting to restrain his voice. The door was still unlocked, and either the kid or Sam could come rushing in if they thought he was in trouble.
He smiled at Dean instead, proud of the man Dean had become. Proud of the life Dean had lead, of the things he accomplished, and the time they had shared on Earth.
Castiel didn’t respond, but his lively attitude from moments ago had suddenly lost what little vigor it had. His shoulders slumped and his eyes cast down mournfully, averting his gaze.
Behind them, beams of late spring sunlight slip through the parting grey clouds leaving the skyline, bathing Dean and Cas in refracted rainbows from the windows. Ushering in a blanket of warmth, light, and for the first time in too damn long, hope.
Dean grit his teeth as he shoved his way past a densely packed group of female students, a sharp pain shooting up in his injured arm. One of the Death Eaters had caught Dean off guard and left him just a scorched sleeve and a nasty hex burn on his wand arm.
The angel hesitated. “I wasn’t sure that my presence would be exactly welcomed, given how we parted ways the last time. I was afraid that seeing me again might give you a change of heart.”
“For the way I acted when you were alive. I, uh, realize that I put you on a high pedestal, that I had all these expectations that I put on your shoulders...I didn’t take enough time to appreciate that you were more than just ‘Mom’. You had your own problems and issues that didn’t involve me.
“Fine.” He signs back with a tired smile. “Better with you here.”
“Did he at least stop by to let you know they were back from their milk run?”
Instead, Dean dwells on how Cas’s eyes crinkle when he smiles and the way the wind gently brushes his ruffled hair, knowing that he’ll soon get to run his fingers through those dark locks himself. But most of all, Dean’s secretly eager for the not-so-distant future when he’ll finally find out if Cas’ lips are as pillowy-soft as he’d always assumed.
“It was the Declaration of Independence, Sammy, and ‘National Treasure’ lives up to its title, okay?” Dean shoots Sam a disappointed look. “Besides, didn’t at least one of the translated scrolls actually identify dozens of hidden gold and silver caches around Israel? Is it really crazy to think there could be more?”
He begs, increasing his stride as he nears the front door.
Before he goes riding off into the sunset in a blaze of glory, he needs to clear the air with him and make things right.
“I tried, Cas. I really did. I even got a contract job outside of hunting, had the papers signed and everything. God,” he mumbled, shaking his head, “I didn’t even get a chance to tell Sam before I left…”
He was nervous. Extremely, unexpectedly, nervous.
okay.”
They had talked, but he ultimately decided against asking her to move into the Bunker with him. Too much of Dean was still in there. Too many memories of their time together haunted him along the empty hallowed halls like a ghost.
And just like that, the spell’s broken. Dean visibly tenses his shoulders, huffing in disbelief. He steps around the car door and closes it behind him with a loud bang. Honestly, he should be happy to see Cas standing in front of him, and yet…
He doesn’t miss the soft crinkle at the corner of Eileen’s eyes as she smiles good-humouredly. It had been a rough 8 hours of active labour with lots of drawn out screaming, murderous Irish babbling, and calling the doctor who had refused her an epidural 3 hours into the process a few choice words in ASL that made Sam laugh. But like all obstacles she encountered, Eileen had stood her ground and fought her way to victory. Now she lay back on a heap of hospital pillows, her sweaty hair pushed out of her face and physically drained, and still she found the energy to smile.
Sam felt his face heat up and quickly tried to change the subject.
Sam stood awkwardly on the top step of the library, looking down at the party and clearing his throat. The cacophony of voices began to taper off into profound silence as all eyes fell upon him.
He wonders how his brother sees him here. As the thirty year old brother he left behind or the old man he grew to be?
“I didn’t think I would get a chance to do that.” Cas admits, almost to himself. Dean smiles.
“To Dean. The greatest older brother I could ask for, and one of the damn best hunters that ever lived.”
Eileen’s.
The party wore on, as most weddings do. There was dancing, letting Eileen smush cake into his face before kissing her with frosting-coated lips, and impromptu drunken speeches from their friends. About mid-way through the night, a couple of hunters started gently ribbing Sam about his alleged cursed dating life and jokingly warning Eileen to keep one eye open if she didn’t want to end up on the list of casualties.
Sam and Dean, the great Winchester brothers, finally together again.
“You’re honest with yourself when you think that you’re alone…” He risks a glance at Dean’s face, checking to see if  he had stepped out of line. “Jack told me...after I let the Empty take me, how you kept to yourself. That you just bottled it all up, not even admitting to Sam what really happened. I wanted you to be able to get everything out in the open. To allow yourself a chance to be honest. To deal with your emotions...despite your habit of ignoring them.”
“I don’t whether this praying stuff still works, seeing that it’s heaven and all…but you, ah, didn’t leave me a forwarding number to call you, so this is all I got.”
His voice trails off, listening to the sound of wind dancing through the flush trees. The world around him is calm, but sitting inside the car, Dean feels like he’s in the eye of a storm, threatening to sweep him away at the slightest slip up. He sniffles sharply; tears stinging his eyes but he stubbornly refuses to let them fall.
The end of his first day in the afterlife.
He licked his lips nervously. “I need to apologize.”
He could wait. There would be time for them to make up for all the lost chances and missed opportunities. Right now though, there was a brand new world waiting for him. People to meet, friends to see, the freedom of the open road and a family to welcome him home at the end of it.
“Yeah okay, sure, but how did you know to say that? Since you’re not a ‘mind reader’ and all.”
Sam breathed in deeply.
Cas raised an eyebrow at him, still holding the hunter’s very responsive dick in hand and sent Dean a pointed look.
“Dean, I understand-” Dean cuts him off with a swift hand gesture and a sharp look.
That night he told Eileen everything. About Dean’s death, about the accident in the barn, and the hunts he tried to help with in the months that followed. The werewolf case in Texas that almost ended badly because he spaced out, dealing with a coven in Las Vegas turning tricks (and not the sexy kind) and almost developing a gambling problem, merely going through the motions until a series of hauntings in Nebraska lead him to right to Kevin Tran.
“Just a hunch.” The angel cheekily replies while he resumes rubbing Dean’s dick with slow, calculated strokes. Dean grits back his smart-ass response and tosses his head back slightly, relishing the sensation as Cas’ firm, warm hands competently fondles his shaft, experimentally brushing his full lips along Dean’s length.
Dean lets out a choked snort of laughter, grinning widely.
Dean hadn’t completely lied to his brother. Cas had indeed stopped by to check in while Dean was searching for a case, preferably a low-key salt-and-burn that wouldn’t take up too much of their time, and Cas had at some point divested himself from his iconic trench coat, primly hanging it up next to Dean’s clothes. The middle bit was a blur; just that the next thing he knew, his fly was undone, Scooby briefs were decisively rucked aside, and Cas was kneeling between his legs carefully, his plump lips sucking on the head of his cock.
But more than anything, Sam was proud of himself for not letting Dean down.
Cas stops lapping up at his now softening cock, his hands resting on Dean’s knees to keep himself upright. Cas’ breathing was, honestly, far too controlled for the level of exertion he just went through. Dean ran his fingers through dark tufts now messed to high hell where Dean had raked his fingers previously, trying to smooth them down, distantly aware of the angel leaning into his touch.
Dean scowled. “I don’t like it.”
Dean paused mid-typing, shooting Sam a glance over his shoulder. He leaned back and slid an arm around the top of his chair to look at his younger brother.
“How, Dean?” Cas retorted, clenching his fists. “You gave me nothing of significance to work with. Not a single sign or indication that you have ever considered me to be more than a friend. You barely allowed yourself to look at other men in a way that could be considered flirtatious. What, was I supposed to read between the lines all this time? ”
Dean sits for a moment in silence. “Jo.” He breathes at last, the idea still fresh and weighing on his heart like lead.
“Perhaps,” Cas chuckles lowly, eyes still closed, “but you love me.”
“In my defence, you do have an unhealthy attachment to it.”
He stared at the car dash and compelled his brain to remember how to read an analog clock. The little red hands inform him it’s a brush after 9.
Cas hums responsively, grateful for the touch and guidance. The humming goes straight to his gut and Dean feels his head loll further back as he groans deeply, his breathing growing heavy as Cas’ tantalizing warm mouth sinks lower and lower, swallowing Dean down to the hilt. Only then does he reflexively tighten his grip on the angel’s hair.
It was time for him to give the eulogy.
Dean drums his fingers on Baby’s hood intermittently. With a satisfied nod, he slides into the driver’s seat once more, and finally starts her up, the familiar rumbling of her engine enveloping him like a safety blanket.
Dean manages to control his facial expressions and hide the twitch of a smile at Cas’ air quotes and pop culture reference. He didn’t know if he was more relieved or mortified that Cas had heard the whole damn thing.
“Yeah well, it’s not exactly the happy get-together I had hoped for either.” Dean returned, unable to curb the bitterness in his tone.
“Yeah, well... it’s not your fault.” Dean shuffles awkwardly, still leaning over Cas like a shield.
He had been blindly driving around on busy interstate roads for four hours. The revelation should have scared him.
Eileen cradled Sam’s face with her small hands as she babbled, apologizing for leaving him behind, for not saying goodbye, for not being able to tell him how much he meant to her. Sam listens, soaking in her voice, her soft touch, pressing their foreheads together and promising her it was all okay, they were together again, that she wasn’t getting rid of him that easily. She laughed in their kiss, hiccupping once as tears began to overwhelm her. Sam kissed her again and again, wiping away her tears with giant, tender hands and soothing words, holding her close. Eileen soon closes her eyes and leans into his enveloping hug, rejoicing privately that this hadn’t been taken from them. They held each other for a long, blissful moment as though nothing else in heaven existed but the two of them.
“You sure you’re not going to change your mind?”
He pops a cassette into the deck as he backs out of Sam and Eileen’s driveway, smiling to himself as he recognizes the opening riff of Rush’s “Fly by Night” playing through Baby’s speakers. The resonant tones of Geddy Lee fills the cab as he drives onto the wide, endless road, while twilight beckons the stars to fill the night sky.
Dean felt a sudden coldness fill his core.
Cas sighs heavily. “This wasn’t how I envisioned our reunion.”
Sam’s mouth pressed together into a thin, unamused line.
“Huh?” Dean questions brightly. A ghost of a smirk flicks across the angel’s lips.
A gust of wind comes in, tousling Dean’s hair. The silence was almost deafening, broken only by the pounding deep in his chest. Dean’s hand was still clenching onto the steering wheel like a tether. He didn’t understand how the religious folk did this all the time; just spilled their guts not knowing whether the person on the other end was even listening. All they had was the hope that they were heard, forgiven, and understood.
Sam Winchester closed his eyes for the last time…
He sniffs, quickly wiping his eyes.
Or the kid had finally found a loophole in his whole “hands-off” rule. Sam grinned.
“I...I love you, Dean. I think I have for quite some time now.”
“Yeah, I get that. I do, Cas. I just...I’ll be here waiting for you.” He declares, snaking his arm around Cas’ sides with a wry grin. “Then it’ll just be us. No running Heaven, no hunting, no Naomi or the holy flock of angels. You, me, together. Xena and Gabrielle.”
“The point is…” he faltered, unsure of why he was getting all defensive. “After everything that we’ve been through, all of it, you still felt like you had to walk on eggshells around me. I think I deserve a little more credit than that, okay?”
He slides the key into the ignition slot, but doesn’t turn it.
“Oh. Um, I actually stopped hunting, Jack. A while ago.”
“Because I know you, Dean. At least, the person you are at heart. I have always seen you for who you are, and not who Heaven and Hell wanted you to be.”
Cas licks another pleasing, wet stripe along the underside of his cock, a strong hand holding down Dean’s hips to keep him from bucking. Dean swears he can see the little shit grinning to himself, all self-satisfied as he reaches the tip, kissing it with a subtle suck. The guy kept treating it like some sort of personal victory whenever Dean responded positively to his efforts.
It seemed wrong that life should continue on as normal while Dean’s fresh ashes lay scattered along the forest floor.
He grunted in amusement, but his shoulders still slumped forward. Rowena pursed her scarlet red lips together into a thin line and narrowed her eyes at him.
“You’re a freakin’ angel! I didn’t even know you
“No no, it’s...great to see you again, Rowena.” he stammered, “I just didn’t think we would be crossing paths again, now that you’re running Hell and everything.”
He made his way back towards the garage entrance where Miracle was waiting for him inside the Impala, the heater running idly to keep the cabin warm. He didn’t have a lot to take with him; some clothes, the last of his weapons, a few keepsakes from their travels, and a box marked “Dean”.
The kid looked down at his lap, shoulder slumped forward.
“I don’t know about you, but I honestly never thought I’d be standing here giving this speech. Dean died, or nearly died, so often it was his version of having the flu.” A couple of people chuckled politely, most of them responding with amused sideways grins. “No, but really, I watched my brother fight his way out of difficult situations, more than anyone should have to deal with in their lifetime. It wasn’t always easy or painless, and sometimes things ended ugly, but somehow Dean always managed to get back up. To know that he won’t be gearing up for any more hunts together is...well, it feels wrong.”
“Trust me, I know what I’m saying. I may have lived a very long life, but it was rarely a happy one. You need to cherish the moments you get to make, whether it be fortune of your own making or just dumb luck. After all, it is not the burden of the living to feel ashamed for existing and living a good life when their loved ones cannot.”
Looking satisfied, she nodded over his shoulder, “So that’s the one, eh? The lucky girl that got the great Sam Winchester to settle down for good. Formidable feat, that.”
“Dean,” said Sam, already giving his brother an exasperated look. He clapped his brother on the shoulder and led them into the Roadhouse, half listening to Dean’s rambling questions to Eileen and cockily asking if his nephew had been able to live up to his namesake.
“Yeah... it’s over.” He confirms gently, still holding up the side of Cas’ face in his battle worn palm. “That guy... Harry Potter, he did it. He finished off You-Know-- Voldemort. He’s dead. It’s all over. We won, Cas.”
He ignored the burn of his lungs, guilt and worry pushing him forward towards the emptying corridor. The two of them hadn’t spoken in months... not since Dean had ended things between them.
Miracle made a low whine from the back seat. Sam looked up at the rear-view mirror and saw the dog had made himself comfortable on the leather seats.
Sam swallows thickly and blinks away his tears. There would be a time to mourn when everyone had gone their separate ways, but now it was time to say goodbye. He raised his beer to the crowd.
“Oh, and about time too!”
“Yeah, but waiting for what?”
Sam rolls his eyes. “My point is, Cas never goes anywhere without it. Hell, I’d say he’s more attached to that thing than he is to you.” he rejoined, reflecting Dean’s bitch glare with his own. “It’s just...unusual for Cas, don't you think?”
Dean’s expression quickly changes from a broad smile to a concerned frown. “Naomi? She’s still got some kicking power around here?”
Sam wheezed out a breath of air trying to look up at his son and had to stifle a small cough for his efforts.
If Dean were checking in on them from the afterlife, Eileen trusted that he would let the short joke slide just this once.
So he decided to take Baby for a drive. It had always given him some peace of mind before. When Sammy left for school, when John went missing and wouldn’t answer his calls, when he found out that he and Sam were cosmic chess pieces supposed to bring about the end of the world, when he got out of Purgatory and failed Cas, when Sam found out that Dean had gone behind his back to let Gadreel in his head, when Mary came back into their lives, and then when she was taken from them again.
“Irish, was it?”
He settled back into his seat, trying to ease the cramp out of his right hand by flexing his long fingers and massaging the palm with his opposite thumb in deep, slow circles to get the blood flowing. The last thing he really remembered was watching the last of the high amber flames dying out into flickers of orange and red as the funeral pyre was reduced to nothing more than a pile of glowing embers and smoking ash. After that, it’s all just a collection of vague flashes. Putting out the last, stubborn cinders just like he was taught, to avoid risking a forest fire. Making his way back to the Impala alone. The Otterhound bopping his hand with his cold, wet nose, politely asking for a head scratch. Gripping the steering wheel but not turning the key in the ignition. Filling up at a modern gas station and handing some underpaid student a few crinkled bills. Lights flashing in his peripheral; whites, yellows, reds and dissonant blues, fading away in the distance.
Now he barely had the strength to give his son’s hand a returning squeeze.
“Hey.” She called out to him before he could lift the door handle.
There’s a horrible, sinking conviction in his gut that no one will be there when he rings the doorbell now. That Eileen will be gone again, taken from him, just like Dean.
“Is it?”
“Just saying, Cas.” He add, thoroughly amused.
” Cas scowls.
As it turns out, Heaven 2.0 was really just one very long reunion party.
I hope you enjoy.
The hunter swore under his breath, leaning forward to bury his face into Castiel’s broad shoulder. How the hell could he say such embarrassing things like that with a straight face?
“Cas. Cas!” He yells, his tone increasing with worry as he roughly shakes the other man’s broad shoulder.
“Everyone seems to be happy up here. Looks like the kid really did a good job with the place.”
A few people were concerned when Sam told them there wouldn’t be a funeral pyre before the gathering, but he quickly straightened them out. This wasn’t like last time when Dean had been killed by one of Lilith’s hellhounds and Sam had been convinced he could bring his brother back.
Yet it is Dean's smile that catches Sam off guard. No pictures or memory could really capture Dean’s warm, smiling face like the one he was seeing right now.  Dean looked good; cleaned up, standing tall, a spot of grey touching his temples, but free of pain, of guilt, no longer carrying the weight of his past around him like a cursed albatross.
“Son of a bitch.”
As the dense crowd of hunters shouted “To Dean Winchester!” in unison, raising their drinks in the air, Sam desperately wished Dean was alive to see this moment. Witnessing all these hunters and friends from all over the country coming together to commemorate his life. Proving that family didn’t end in blood.
A few years after Dean’s birth, Eileen took up hunting again despite Sam’s attempts to talk her out of it. He listed all the obvious reasons: they had a nice, settled life here in the suburbs, Dean was still growing and wouldn’t understand why his mother was suddenly missing, he was next to useless compared to her when it came to keeping their son happy, and anyway, there were plenty of new hunters cropping up all the time. She didn’t have to hunt.
“Sam?”
“Dean.”
“No, that’s not- dammit Cas, stop!” He demanded, turning back and resisting the urge to shake the other man by his shoulders. “Stop with the babying! Stop acting like you need to apologize for being your own person!”
And yet...
“I- no, Dean, they’re the oldest religious manuscripts dating as far back as the third century BCE. Not some fictitious treasure map...plot device thing for a Nicholas Cage movie.”
The hunter intuitively licks his bottom lip. “If it leads to more of this, you can feel any damn way you want.” Dean replies as Cas sidles up into his lap, snaking his hand behind Cas’ neck and trading deep, open kisses with the angle’s still hot and pliant mouth.
Softly, she touched his arm. “Oh Sam…of course you do. What, just because Dean is gone, you’re not allowed to enjoy some moments of happiness? No,” she insisted, turning back to face the party, “your brother would raise quite a stink if he could hear you say that, and at your own wedding no less!”
“It’s okay. You can go now.”
Everyone in the room watched him with rapt attention as he shifted under their sympathetic gazes, running a hand through his long locks and tugging at the ends in a nervous tick.
Something to file away for next time.
“Well, you did call it a dick move.”
Throughout it all, old hunter friends came by to visit whenever they were passing through town, always finding the Winchester house an open door for some down time and good company.
Sam found himself staying in her home while he placed phone calls, making arrangements for Dean’s funeral while he grew numb to the endless sympathies and condolences sent through the phone. Donna had taken the news pretty hard, immediately insisting she should drive over from Stillwater to help him. Jody had taken it in stride, probably holding herself together for his sake.
But now things were different. Once the battle had started, he hadn’t been able to separate from his group of friends or his brother long enough to go searching, to see if Cas had fled with the rest of his ilk or stayed to fight.
He felt his son’s warm hand envelop his frail one. Once upon a time, this hand had reached out to him from the depths of his simple white crib, a tiny pink thing barely strong enough to grasp his finger.
Leave it to Cas to end up in one of the furthest wards from the courtyard where Dean had fought the onslaught of Death Eaters and their kind. He vaguely knew that the East Wing was somewhere in the same building as the dungeons. The same dungeons that the asshole Filch had escorted him and the rest of the Slytherins to after one of those green bitches had tried to have Harry Potter handed over to the Dark Lord. He caught a glimpse of Cas’ distressed face before he was corralled like a little stray sheep and herded away with the rest of them.
Dean had to believe that Cas had pulled through in the end. He had to find him and make things right between them.
Their time living there may have been brief, but they were some of the best years of Sam’s life by far. Now he couldn’t stand to be in it anymore. It was too much to  handle alone.
“But first things first.” He insists as they break away, palming his free hand over Cas’ obvious and neglected arousal, earning him a delightful throaty moan from the angel. “How about we take care of you, okay sunshine?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean lets out a shaky breath that turns into a weak laugh. The tension he had been carrying since last night was at long last released as he slumped over, his body threatening to collapse onto Cas in relief. He shifts his grip on the man’s shoulder to Cas’ face, patting the Slytherin’s stubbled cheek with a little more force than intended.
Time seemed to slow down once more, as if Dean's brain wanted to remember this moment forever.  Every aspect of Cas was notably charming; his sweet blue eyes surrounded by laughter lines, his disheveled-yet-tidy hair, his toothy smile that radiated genuine happiness, his lean hips with that uptight, perky little ass hidden under layers of fabric and that dinky trench coat Dean had grown fond of. Imperfect and rough around the edges, and oftentimes incredibly frustrating to deal with. But still devoted. Still devastatingly handsome. Still Cas. Simple yet all-encompassing, his desire to hold onto the moment settles somewhere deep in his chest as his grip lingers on Cas’ waist, trying to hold onto the angel for just a little longer.
“I don’t even know when or how the hell it started, you know that? 12 years and it all just kinda blurs together. All I know is that at some point, losing you was like having a part of me removed,” he confessed. “And every time you died and I couldn’t save you, there was just this...bigger part that got taken out too. And it was too much, it was just too much to handle.”
Cas closes his eyes in a silent prayer, but doesn’t press for more information.
“This is different from trusting you to have my back, Dean.”
That Dean’s deepest fear had become a reality. That despite all his good deeds, all the lives he saved and the world he had fought to defend, his soul had still been dragged to Hell.
Well, unless he had already screwed the pooch with that end.
Cas finally has the audacity to look embarrassed.
So Dean improvised. Cas, mercifully, hadn’t tried to make the situation more...challenging than it already had been. Hell, it was going swimmingly right up until Sam had brought up the damn trench coat. Naturally the jerk chose that moment to pick up where he’d left off.
Sam knew this day had been coming. Truth be told, the Bunker had never quite been a home to Sam as it had to Dean. Dean had never had the luxury of staying in one place, much less a place that offered enough safety and security for him to unwind. To Dean, that had been the very definition of a home.
“Of course.” He insists with a small, wry smile, “I always come when you call, Dean.”
The worst part was that Cas was right. But Dean’s own stupid ego wouldn’t let him admit it out loud.
“You know me…” he parrots, shaking his head, “Cause here’s what I can’t wrap my head around. You say you saw me, everything I am, and you still decided to take your chances on a guy like me? On a human?”
“And when you died...I just saw red. I let my anger take over. You were your own person with your own choices, and it wasn’t fair to honour your memory like that. I shouldn’t have used your death as an excuse to justify my anger.”
He had gotten closure with everyone.
Sam raises an eyebrow but decisively keeps his mouth shut. “Okay, well, mythical treasure map aside, they’re also considered priceless artifacts that could be worth a lot. Even more so if the Men of Letters were keeping them hidden away. Could be nice not to have to rely on Charlie’s magic credit card all the time.”
Claire flashed the taller hunter an impudent smirk. The two of them stood solemnly outside the Bunker’s doors while Alex and Jody started to load boxes from Jody’s pickup into their arms. Inside, Patience and Kaia were setting up shop for the girls and getting the lay of the land. The blonde hunter was wearing her favourite leather jacket despite the frosty November temperature, hands balled into fists and shoved defiantly into her pockets. Dry, fallen leaves crinkled underfoot as the two of them shifted incessantly to keep warm under the late autumn chill.
“You don’t know that.” He deflects. “I just- fuck, Cas, I don’t want you to regret your decision down the line.”
So far this was going fan-freakin’-tastic.
Cas starts pulling away reluctantly from his side, mumbling some sort of apology or something about duty that Dean didn’t quite catch. It was almost as if Cas was afraid that if he left, if he stopped being near Dean...everything, all of this, would cease to exist.
In almost no time at all, the brothers found Eileen waiting outside the Roadhouse, looking just how Dean remembered her. His baby brother rushed to his wife and effortlessly swept the smaller woman off her feet, eliciting silvery laughter from Eileen as he swung her around in a full circle. Dean smiled as he watched the reunited couple talk in hushed tones from inside of Baby.
Dean snorts in disbelief, but doesn’t argue, turning his attention back to the others.
“Me neither, but we have to work with what we have. Jack can’t sustain Heaven on his own, and there aren’t enough angels yet to keep the place running without him.” He sighs, a trace of exhaustion slipping through his words. “Even though she has limited, uh, ‘kicking power’ as you said, she still has some influence around here. But I’m keeping a close eye on her. And we have a deal, I suppose. If I help rebuild Heaven, she won’t interfere with your lives again.”
“Hey Dean, have you seen Cas?”
“You know, Jody still disapproves of the whole idea. All the way here, she kept going on and on about us being out in the middle of nowhere, and that Lebanon was a long way from Sioux Falls, blah blah, are we really old enough to be living by ourselves. The usual.”
"Dean." Castiel interrupts and pulls out a chair to sit opposite him. "I'm sorry." Dean tries to speak but Castiel gestures for him to let him finish. "I never meant to make you uncomfortable when I..." he trails off, starts again, "I don't expect anything from you, I don't want things to change between us. You don't... I don't expect you to love me back." Dean flinches. "I'm so lucky to have your friendship, so we can leave it at that. We don't have to speak of it again." He stands, fully intending to give Dean some space, hoping that they can put this behind them and enjoy each other's company again.
The t-shirt Castiel wears puts them in direct skin-to-skin contact that Castiel finds much preferable to the barriers of his shirt, jacket, and trenchcoat. He can't help the way he shivers.
Okay, maybe a little flustered.
“You’re in luck,” came a voice from behind him. “It just so happens that I have an extra pair of mittens.”
One Thursday near the end of April, Dean finished his morning prep and turned on his computer to find an email from Cas already waiting for him.
And then there were the wings.
Cas turns to seal their lips together, stealing Dean’s breath again like it’s the first time. He kicks off the jeans that were halfway up his legs and maneuvers Dean back to the pillows, mouth always coming back to find Dean’s after every break. They settle, then, Dean content to hold Cas in his arms like he’s always wanted to.
really deserves a pay raise for this one.
There was a small chorus of wow’s and one kid called out that he went to California last year. Then of course the classroom erupted into chaos as every single student shouted where they traveled to last year and if they had ever gone to California.
“They’re mine,” Cas said. His voice was quiet; Dean tipped his head forward to listen. “I tried to remove them from this plane of existence, but my grace… it’s taking everything to simply keep this body together.”
The week of Halloween was eventful. Cas called him in a panic that Tuesday morning when his car was making a horrible grinding noise.
because Cas looks damn good and he can’t stop staring. He should have been prepared for this. He knew they were going undercover at a formal event. Hell, he’s wearing a tux himself.
"Shh, I'll get there," the grandpa promised.
There was a blinding flash of lightning that made the guy jump and then suddenly he fell to the ground and began to spasm.
Now that Cas was home and more or less safe, Dean’s initial twinge of fear was eclipsed by exhaustion. He couldn’t have dozed for more than an hour before Cas had accidentally woke him up. His eyelids grew heavy as he watched Cas sleep. It was unnerving to see his face smoothed into a peaceful rest where Dean was used to seeing creased brows and a hard clenched jaw.
on one of his turkey’s feathers.
It didn’t seem like nearly enough. He typed out and deleted his cell number a dozen times. He didn’t want to make it awkward or make Cas feel like he had an obligation to keep talking to him outside of school.
"Sorry, sorry," Dean repeated as he tried to avoid bumping into people.
“Dean, I’m not going to apologize for pushing you out of the way of that spell. You would be dead. I could take it, I’m fine.”
"Don't worry," the grandpa said, "there's more."
He settled in front of his computer with his cell in hand until he thought better of it and grabbed the landline instead.
But Cas pulled away from his grip and in a blink he was gone.
He yanks his hand back the moment Dean steps into view.
Dean clicked on the message icon, and then on the little picture of a camera and aimed his phone at the fireworks.
“Good, that’s… good,” Dean said. “Come on home. And don’t scratch Baby.”
Dean was in the kitchen, stirring the chili that simmered on the stove, when he saw some commotion in the town square from his window.
“You’ll want to stick around this morning and meet Sam. He’s-”
Dean looked at the email again, feeling skeptical. Why admin thought it would be a good idea to “foster a sense of unity” by putting teachers in contact with someone from the other schools in the district was beyond him. Dean was on good terms with many of the teachers at his elementary school; he and Donna were practically inseparable and had been since college, and hell he’d go so far as to call Garth a friend even if they rarely saw each other outside of work. But why should he have to play nice with anyone from the middle or high school? It wasn’t like their paths would ever cross professionally.
Castiel stares out at the sunny meadow. There is a line of trees in the distance, and he can just make out the deer hiding among the leaves. Birdsong fills the air, and the distant sound of water suggests the small clearing to the right leads to a stream.
Tomorrow was the first Friday in December, he realized. Of course the town was gearing up for the tree lighting ceremony. Donna always dragged him out to the square to watch the festivities even though Dean argued they could see the lights just fine from the comfort of his living room.
"I love you," Cas says.
“I can think of a few ways you can make it up to me,” Cas said. His hands were suggestively low on Dean’s hips.
“Hey, Dean,” she calls through the kitchen window, “your fan is here.”
Cas looks at him with those wide blue eyes, open and honest like they were when he'd-
Dean rolled his eyes and brought his brother’s bags out to the Impala. By the time he closed the trunk Sam was sliding into the passenger seat. Dean joined him behind the wheel with a heavy heart. The two weeks Sam spent with him over his winter break had flown by, and he wasn’t coming home for spring break because he had planned a trip with his girlfriend Eileen. This was the last they would see of each other until summer. Dean supposed he should be happy Sam hadn’t decided to partake in any of the study abroad opportunities.
Dean left to find a blanket and when he came back Cas was still dead to the world. He tucked the blanket around him as best he could without squashing his wings, and his eyes caught on the enochian sigils inked across his ribs. He mentally shook himself and tugged the blanket over the tattoo before he did something stupid, and then Dean noticed clumps of grass and dirt clinging to Cas’ wing tips. He reached out and gently brushed them clean which somehow turned into his hand sliding deeper into the feathers to feel that strange energy course through his skin.
It was a slow night at the diner. Storms tended to keep away the customers and there was a real howler tearing up the town tonight.
"How often have you imagined me?" Cas asked, and his voice rumbled so deeply that Dean could swear he felt it reverberate in his chest.
Suddenly Cas didn’t look like Cas anymore, or rather he looked much more like himself than Dean had ever seen him before. He seemed to explode all at once into feathers and what appeared to be… three heads. Dean couldn’t move, he just stood there trying to make sense of what he was seeing. He wasn’t sure if Cas got bigger or if he only felt smaller from having seen him.
Dean grabbed his keys and locked the classroom door on his way out.
And then Cas lit up like a freaking Christmas tree.
Cas couldn’t cook for shit. Dean learned that on a Sunday afternoon in the middle of September when he sent Dean a picture of meat sauce in a pan.
. He’d tried a rather lovely salted chocolate and bacon doughnut last week, and a lemon pistachio the week before.
“Was Jimmy…?”
The boy shook his head, eyes wide with anticipation.
Oh, right. Dean rubbed at the back of his neck, suddenly feeling self-conscious. “So… I got time to walk you through the tire change if you’re ready?”
Then there was nothing but pain. He tried to pull away from Dean as his grace ripped through his vessel, afraid he would lash out and cause harm.
"No, no, I know where to get one," Sam says. "Call you after."
He continued the story. And though there wasn't much left to tell this was the most important part.
“Shut up,” he said. But he found himself fighting a smile, too.
“I wouldn’t know,” he replies. He hasn’t had contact with Heaven in years.
“Yeah, no worse than usual.”
Eventually, Castiel falls permanently. He happily lives out his life next to Dean, and it’s no surprise to anyone that when Dean dies he follows him shortly after.
Dean grinned, happy that Sam was happy, and excited to finally meet Eileen. He carefully navigated through the swarm of ubers and cabs until Sam waved enthusiastically through the open window.
As the minutes dragged out, Dean remembered that he’d written
“Of course,” Cas said. Dean thought he could hear the smile in his voice. “I find the second season unexpectedly compelling.”
Dean didn’t want to make things weird between them and he was failing spectacularly. After almost a year of talking through email, text, and phone calls, he was less sure than ever that meeting in person was a good idea. Not when he’d started to want more than just Cas’ friendship. He was probably reading too much into their banter, misconstruing it as flirting when Cas was just trying to be friendly.
It was clear that he wasn’t the only one on that train of thought.
He goes to Sam on that eighth day and asks, “What do we do?”
Nice was an understatement. Dean dug his fingers deeper into the soft downy feathers, they were pleasantly cool to the touch and the energy coursing through them set his nerves on fire. He looked up from his lips to find Cas’ gaze fixed on him like a challenge.
"And landed on her butt. And arm. And leg. And back? I think not Mr. Winchester," Lydia's lawyer quips, and Cas sees Dean's fists clench where they sit on his lap.
was what you were trying to say.”
He’s already moving for the door handle, so Dean doesn’t bother replying. Just slides out after him and takes his position behind the wheel. She guns to life on the first try, because why wouldn’t she?
“Yes, Daddy,” she says, showing him her gummy, gap-toothed smile. He loves her more than anything he’s ever known. Looking at her, the ache of Cas is nothing. It is a drone easily forgotten. “Read
He tells himself,
“Charlie, this is Dean,” he says, wrapping an arm low around Dean’s waist as his hand stretches out to grip hers.
He smiles at Dean. He feels sure the years would have treated Dean better than they did him, probably only deepening the crinkles around his eyes, the lines around his mouth. Cas imagines flecks of gray at his temple, but he is still smiling. Mr. Scruffy Jaw and Eyes of Green Apple. Mr. Freckles and Slightly Bowed Legs. Mr. Winchester Looking at the Love of His Life. He is grinning, as he always is when Cas looks at the picture. This picture is how Cas sees him now, joyful eyes, radiant smile, staring at Cas like he was the world.
explain just what the
When Cas makes it back to his assigned room, he meets his roommate for the first time.
“Why did you even say it if it was gonna be a problem?”
“Dude,” Sam says, his hair hanging in his eyes as he looks at his big brother. “That’s messed up.” Dean scoffs.
“Yeah, but we can still get out of here,” Dean says, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively. Lisa rolls her eyes, but stands to leave. “Hey, Sammy. We’re gonna take a drive. Call me when you get ready to go,” Dean tells Sam, shrugging into his jacket and receiving no response from his little brother. Dean rolls his eyes. “Sam Winchester wears make up.” Sam laughs at something Jessica says. “Sam Winchester cries his way through sex.” No response. “Sam Winchester keeps a ruler by his bed, and every morning when he wakes up he—”
Dean watches as Lisa moves off of him and begins to put her bra back, disappoint set firmly into her motions.
Then he sees that night. The first one, the beginning of it all, and the end. They were doomed from the start. Every laughter was slated to be followed by heartbreak. Every kiss was destined to be torn apart. They were never going to make it, and somewhere deep inside, they knew that, but it never stopped them. Their lips still crashed together on that first night. They still made the arrangement. They still failed and became more. They were still that whirlwind storm that was so consuming and overwhelming and disastrous.
"ItsapromiseringandIllbegivingBobbymyallowancefortwoyearstopayhimbackforitandImscaredshewontlikeitwellnotsomuchthatshewontliketheringbutthatshewontlikewhatImtryingtosaywhichisthatIloveher!” He pulls in a breath, a gasp that leaves his chest heaving before he starts right back in, that panic still hiding in his voice. “
I will never be good again, never be clean! Do you understand how that feels?! You’re a disgrace, a goddamn felon against goodness!” Dean drops silent, tears still watering in his eyes.
“I’m not a doctor,” Naomi says, eyes narrowed as she draws the attention away from Charlie's hungry stare, but Charlie starts up again as though Naomi never spoke.
ditching
his love for Cas, in every messy, fucked-up way he knew how.
here with him, and that fact alone has Cas groaning in no time, propping back up on his elbows so he can thread a hand through Dean’s hair.
Cas swallows and tries again. “Okay…let me start over. Hi, Sam. It’s been a long time.” Cas pauses, taking in the differences between thirteen-year-old Sammy and twenty-three-year old Sam. He’s very tall, tall and handsome like his brother. His hair is much longer than Cas can believe Dean relented his teasing long enough to allow. “How have you been?” Sam’s eyes narrow, and Cas’ eyes glance around him into the house. “How’s Jessica?” he asks, because Jess is surely a safe topic with Sam. They are the eternal couple, more in love than any pair of thirteen year olds had a right to be.
Now, he’s just fucking cold. Chilled to the goddamn bone.
“If I go, you have to
He and Hannah break up. They had become a relationship built upon the fact that it was safe, that they were both comfortable. There were no emotions, so even though the relationship went on for two years, Castiel parts from her with a mere handshake and does not regret it for a moment. He finishes the memoir, and a few months later, he gets an invitation to Hannah and a man named Joe's wedding. He smiles his way through the ceremony, happy and content.
“Yes,” he replies shortly, and turns away from her. She watches him go for a moment before jogging after him.
have dreams about his ex-boyfriend from ten years ago. Nope.
“And you, Mr. Winchester,” Judge Mills says, turning and looking to Dean. “You are here to dispute custody, but not the divorce?” Dean nods.
“You got it,” she says, turning to the bar. Cas sits, watching as her deft hands turn the coffee on to brew. “So tell me, what’s a guy like you doing in a bar at nine o’clock in the morning, asking for coffee and the hard stuff?” Cas offers her a wry grin.
“I told him that you were being a stubborn ass about leaving.”
“Me neither,” Dean replies with a shrug, and Cas snorts.
Dean tells Cas about the sated emptiness heaven was without him, about all the repeats of cookouts he attended at his parents' house, about all the times he crashed on Sam’s couch because he didn’t want to be alone. Eventually, they start reminiscing.
When Dean imagined this moment, it went like this:
“He had it coming,” Dean says, with a shrug. “Speaking of people having come,” Dean continues, wiggling his eyebrows at Cas. Cas snorts. “What was Gabriel’s wedding gift to us?” Castiel pushes out a shocked laugh.
"My client, as well as having all of the attributes that Mr. Winchester claims his brother has, has reason to believe that Dean Winchester is an unfit father. May I present evidence to the court?" he asks, and the judge rolls her eyes.
Dean bursts into the Empty—guns blazing, chin high, righteous anger coursing through him.
“Hurtful,” Cas mutters, hooking his finger against Dean’s prostate, making Dean groan.
Cas’ thoughts had screamed.
“Nothing, I'm just making sure we’re still on for
is back, and Anna
He’s not here to control you anymore, Sammy. And even if you
“Christ, Sammy,” Dean interrupts with a roll of his eyes before he can ask him to tell him exactly word for word what he said like some ten-year-old girl. “It was weird. I didn't exactly have control over telling him.”
did it,” like Cas’ victory was Dean’s victory too, like his joy was Dean’s joy, his pain was Dean’s pain. Cas loved it. That’s what love meant to Cas.
“We need to talk about it, Dean,” he says, and Dean’s eyes spring open with a mock smile.
Cas spends the day with his mother. It takes a lot to keep from seeing heartbreak every time he looks at her, and it takes a lot to keep from seeing her illness every time he looks at her. It takes a lot to keep himself from hating her, but it takes even more to keep the sadness at bay,
1.	He loves Dean.
“Well, actually, your brother solicited me into letting him catch a ride to Seattle,” Cas says softly, and Dean’s brows furrow.
Cas stands outside of Dean’s door for a moment, listening to His bare back scrape against the wood of the door before He’s finally sitting. Cas can picture Him: opposite the wood, elbows on knees, head in hands, heart breaking for His little girl.
“Dean,” Cas whispers, brushing his finger across Dean’s prostate again, making him jerk. Dean hums an affirmative, and Cas adds another finger. “I love you,” he murmurs, and Dean laughs.
Needing Dean is not a new feeling for Cas. Cas has always needed him, and Dean has always needed Cas. Dean needed Cas at six, crying under that tree because he thought there was no one left in the world who could love him. Cas needed Dean at seven, having gotten glasses and bullies for his trouble. He needed Dean to sit by him on the playground and remind him that not everyone is mean and cruel. Dean needed Cas at eight, the week Sammy got pneumonia and stayed in the hospital for five days with lips the color of Dean's favorite light blue crayon. Cas needed Dean at nine, ten, twelve, seventeen, day one, day two, day three, so on into infinity, and Dean has reciprocated every single moment of his need. He has always been there, whether Cas needed him to help hang fliers for the GSA or to kiss away the shit day he'd been having...
"Always one, as many as four, when it got really bad."
The curtains part.
“I don’t know, Doc,” Charlie says, glancing to the girl whose chair she uses as a prop. She takes her in from the sole of her shoes to the crown of her head, very obviously tossing every stitch of clothing she comes across to the side. The look is enough to have even Cas blushing.
“Why’d you leave?” he asks, eyes resting closed with Dean’s arm around him. Dean’s fingers run absently through Cas’ hair, lulling them both in their post-coital bliss into a hazy reality.
“No,” he says, jutting his jaw out stubbornly.
“My mom says I don’t have a dad,” the kid says and begins pulling grass up by its roots.
“He makes me eat yucky food sometimes,” she says, sticking out her tongue in disgust, and Dean misses her so much it physically hurts.
it does. You love him, and this is your first heartbreak, but this is also the first love of the dozens, hundreds that you’ll have.” Dean stares at Bobby for a long moment.
Close Scene for Part One.
“Now who is Jessica?” Dean hears John ask from Sam’s room as they unload his bags. “You have a little crush on her?” John teases, and if they hadn’t been together for more than six months, Dean might think the gesture sweet.
“Let me go, Dean,” she hisses, eyes boring holes into whatever lies just above his left shoulder.
“I said whatever you’re drinking,” Cas says, stepping closer to make his voice heard. Dean fills Cas a cup from the keg and leads him back to the main room, ignoring the sloppy sounds Benny is making on the girl he’s groping. “Great party,” Cas comments when they make it back to the main room. People are dancing everywhere, cups held high and lights turned low.
It’s not like you haven’t been fooling around too! You have Roy, and I have Cas.”
He feels the hot rush of tears prickle along his lashes.
“I’m not interested in sex, Dean,” he says, and the smile drops off Dean’s face. Here it is. Here’s the goodbye.
“Alright, guys. You have the rest of your lives to make lovey eyes at each other,” he says, and the crowd laughs. Dean just sees Cas, hears,
His legs shake on the first step, knees falter a bit on the second, but on the third, his shoulder square back and his stride takes on purpose.
a harsh voice from the back of his mind says, but Dean swallows it away, lost in Bela’s nostalgia and pull.
“You two are disgusting,” she mutters, standing and leaving the pair alone in the living room, the sounds of the TV being the only other distraction. Ms. Milton is banging around in the kitchen, Anna has disappeared to God knows where, and Cas is leaning forward in his seat, eyes locked on Dean’s.
“Frederick,” Dean says, his voice broken of its own accord. His hands are once again chained, but still, he reaches up and takes Cas’ face between his hands. Cas’ eyes widen a bit.
“Her name is Jessica, and she’s awesome.” Sam’s grin comes back, fully doting now. Dean represses the urge to roll his eyes.
"They're experimental drugs...something akin to sodium thiopental, which sounds scary as hell, even if you didn't know that it was once used as a component of lethal injection. I would assume that the effect they're going for here is a mild desensitizing or compliance." Charlie shrugs, and Cas has to scoff to hide the broke swallow of fear.
He exhales softly as he begins his climb, the tension already beginning to ease out of his shoulders. Just as he tops the ladder, Dean notices immediately that something is wrong. Fabric is strewn all over the place, and moans are filling the air. Oblivious, Dean turns his head only to find Cas stretched out beneath Meg, his hands gripped high and tight in her hair.
“You cheated on me,” she supplies, and he had. The end of Bela was the beginning of Lisa, but she doesn’t sound angry. She’s merely persuading. “Come on, Dean,” she croons, right against his ear. “Just one little kiss,” she whispers, and Dean’s head turns without his permission. His lips barely brush hers, a ghost of a kiss, really, but then she’s gripping his hair and kissing him, really kissing him. Then that one kiss becomes two, and the two become five, and the five become them rising and making their way to somewhere, anywhere private, all the while Dean’s mind tumbling back and forth between
“I don’t think it’s really fair that you got to speak your truth, or whatever, but I don’t.”
“Did you get cut?”
“Of course you are, Cassie! I see you looking at men all the time.”
“Sir,” the nurse says. He hadn’t realized she was still in here. “It’s time for her to eat.” His eyes widen because he just got her, and he doesn’t want them to take her away for any reason. “Would you like to feed her?” she asks, but all Cas can do is nod, his eyes falling back to his baby girl’s. She is looking at him curiously, her gummy mouth opened.
The school day does not pass fast enough, but when the day
“I’ve never had a friend before,” he says finally, but it doesn’t sound like it saddens him. It just sounds like facts falling from the small child’s lips. Dean frowns. He had lots of friends at his old school. Ash and Chuck and Victor, and he was even friends with that girl named Donna. Now though, now he only has Cas.
“I hope all goes well,” Cas says softly, his heart squirming and aching in his chest.
Jess leaves when visiting hours end to go home and see Sammy and Adam. Cas stays the night, and never once does he put Mary down or let anyone else hold her. When she’s awake, he talks to her, telling her about her room and the library and how loved she’ll be. When she’s asleep, he sits perfectly still, gazing down at her with every muscle tensed as not to wake her. He doesn’t sleep at all that night.
He is a lesbian girl, staring into the hatedfilled eyes of her mother.
“Garth,” Dean stammers, slamming a pillow down over his bare crotch.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, Dean. I’m in the clear,” Sam responds with a roll of his eyes. “I just…Nevermind. I just wanted to remind you that Emma and Lydia are probably going to be worried pretty soon. It’s almost noon.” Dean sighs, feels Cas’ hands tighten on his shoulders, and stands.
much. Even the fact that she
“Still cute.” Cas smiles and runs his thumb over Dean’s knuckles.
Cas makes it back to Seattle just in time to lay down and sleep for
“Well what about you?” he asks Sammy, squatting down to his level. “Can I have a hug?” Sammy immediately steps closer so Cas can get his arms around the child. He’s not much older than Mary, a year, maybe, and they get along well. When Jess has finally caught Mary, smothered her in kisses and giggle inducing tickles, and released her again, the children go off to play while Jess and Cas follow them upstairs and into the kitchen. They sit at the table drinking coffee, chatting, and listening to the sounds of their children playing in the next room for a long while. Eventually, Mary and Sammy come wandering in, both crawling into their respective parents’ laps.
“You heard from Cas lately?” he asks through the phone one afternoon, and Dean doesn't miss a beat.
A loud clap of thunder shook the building just in time to emphasize his point.
Sam sighed. “Three.” His phone beeped. “Oh, she just got through baggage claim! Should be perfect timing.” The excitement was clear in his voice.
Then it was time for parent-teacher conferences followed immediately by spring break.
Cas looked up at the tree. "It's very… bright," he said.
“I hope so.”
Dean steps closer.
Unsure of when he’d closed his eyes, Castiel tried to pry them open. If the witch was still there… but it was Dean who knelt before him.
Sam made a noise like he was considering it and Dean knew he had him. He grinned, but it fell away almost immediately when his phone beeped to notify him of a new email. He ignored it.
“I hear it’s changed,” she says.
“Don’t gotta tell me twice. See you tomorrow, brother.” He waved a hand over his shoulder as he headed out the door and turned up his collar against the rain.
“Hello Dean.”
Dean answered his phone. “Sam, are you…? No we lost him. That damn witch put some kind of hoodoo on Cas. No, he’s not fine! I’m not freakin- just find the son of a bitch.” There was a long pause before Dean said, “I’m not there anymore. Cas zapped us back to the bunker. Alright, alright, you call me after.”
Cas stumbled against the wall and Dean was at his side in an instant.
“Sammy, quit primping or we won’t have time to get coffee before your flight.”
“You certainly would have if I hadn’t pushed you out of the way,” Cas retorted. His voice rasped like sandpaper in Dean’s ears.
Dean found himself smiling. He wouldn’t trade his messy and energetic kindergartners for anything, and especially not for teenagers. He logged off without answering and headed home to his empty apartment.
