Clearing my throat, I process her question before responding; “Uh, gardening. He is getting more into baking?” I state with a slight flick of insecurity as she gently taps her chin in thought.
I didn’t know where to go. The bunker was where he would be, or the roadhouse. I couldn’t bear to see him yet. The sting of rejection was draped over me like a constricting blanket. I was
Only about an hour ago, I had been sitting by myself. Still riled up and angry at Dean, having downed a fair amount of tequila by that point. Shoulders hunched, I was leaning over the bar and running my index finger over the lip of my almost empty glass when this petite blond came out of nowhere and just sat down beside me. She was annoying and persistent despite me not wanting to talk at all. She managed to pry my name out of me and ever since, she has settled for just drinking with me.
“There aren’t really any beaches in the traditional sense around here Cas, but I have a place in mind that you might like.” A smile pulls at the corner of my lips as he nods in response, clearly quite thrilled with his decision.
“Sam.” Her voice is firm, eyes refusing to meet mine as she turns her head to look out the window, “You didn’t sign up for this. You wanted a fun adventure with a girl and instead I lumped you in to my total mess of a life. I’m sure you don’t want to have another thing to worry about.” She finally looks at me, her eyes unreadable and jaw set; “I can drive you home. Or to a bus station. I totally understand if you don’t want to stay.”
I take a moment to gather my thoughts before responding; “Thank you, mistress. I apologize for my brass, thoughtless response.” Dipping my head down, she relaxes and gestures for me to continue; “I am thankful that you have presented me with such a wonderful opportunity to take on a lost soul of my own but I do wonder if perhaps I am the right person for the task.” I answer honestly and she lets out a low sigh.
“I wasn’t going to wake you for something as tedious as a shower.” I scoff, turning my attention back to the lather of soap bubbles I begin to work up in my hands.
“Now, as you know; I do not take matters such as these lightly. As we are not sexually intimate, it was difficult to decide how to choose a good submissive for you so I could only guess.” She waves her chopsticks in the air briefly, “Jensen, as he goes by, is young but capable. Once a submissive to Michael-”
The opposing males remain silent, still glaring at each of us individually before with a finality, Dan finally spoke in a gravelly voice; “I’m going to wait in the car. 10 minutes, or we will leave without you.” He leaves the table behind as Brent shoves the last of his fries in his mouth, following his friends lead.
I feel the tears form in my eyes and I break eye contact, dragging my gaze back down to the glass bottle that is nestled in my hands. I give it a squeeze in the hopes it would help remove the pain but it lingers as the song continues. I could still feel his warm gaze on me, my heartstrings being tugged along unwillingly by his voice.
If I had known the pleasure of showering with someone else, I would have played out this idea much sooner. I lean back against him, a breathy sigh slipping from my lips. His left-hand hovers around my nipple, his fingertips tracing slowly around awakening bud.
I nod, breathing out affirmation yet again.
His eyes were hard to read. Usually, when his eyes were dark green with a tinge of gold in the sun like this morning, he was in a good mood. But now, with the soft swirl of brown that laced the edges, perhaps he was feeling a little confused? I wanted to learn every color, study every detail of his eyes. I could stare into them for a life time.
“Eat the damn thing.”
She peers over at me, her face lighting up in absolute bliss. “Oh my love, this is perfect.” She purrs, “Such a good boy for me.” My heart warms, fighting off a smile.
I have thought of Cas intimately before. There have been times where no matter how hard I try to repress those urges, I can’t help it. They are always vague fantasies, his deep voice urging me on.
“Dean. You have to give us more, man. How are we supposed to trust these other hunters if to us, they are just strangers?” I ask and he lets out a sigh, placing the burger down as he dusts his hands off on his jeans.
He lets out a soft moan, “Fuck, you have no idea what this tastes like.” He looks up at me with hooded eyes and blood-stained teeth. I let the droplets continue to fall into his mouth and I watch as his eyes close completely and he saviors it. If it tastes that
“If you like, we can speak in Korean if that makes you more comfortable.” I tell him. One of the few perks of being an angel was being able to speak all languages.
“That’s it, cum for me...” I grunt, letting my head fall back against the unforgiving tiles as I feeling my own climax clawing at my stomach. I feel him shudder, Cumming against me with a weak whine as I follow suit. He leans against me, both of us riding out our orgasmic high.
for him, maybe...just maybe.
“If I am nothing more than your friend, why did you freak out last night?” He asks. My mind ticks over, emptiness filling where an answer should be. I want to tell him how my feelings have blossomed recently but I can hardly admit it myself. Let alone confess to him out loud. What if he rejects me? Hates me? I can’t bear to be without him. To lose the one person who knows me better than I know myself.
The moment we step out of the cold and into the shopping center, I stomp a little on the mat provided to shake the leaves and wet, dirty ice build-up from the bottom of my shoes. Sam completely vanishes, mumbling about something getting some healthy snacks. Dean shrugs it off, opting for a small trolley as I follow behind. The usual things began to pile in; bullet casings, salt, duct tape, matches, lighters and so forth. It was when Dean saw the beer that his mission was deterred and he made an immediate beeline towards it.
“Great job, man.” He encourages, giving me a small pat on the arm. I can’t help as a smile stretches over my lips.
I was more than happy alternating bites, feeding myself and then him. He was much more entertaining than the show anyway and the silence was comfortable. When it was just the two of us, doing things like this it felt natural. We were best friends. That’s what this was, right? But I honestly couldn’t help the twinge of confusion in my heart at the word, ‘friends’. It didn’t seem to fit right with the two of us but lovers on the other hand-.
I don’t say anything, allowing her words to settle and resonate. We sit in silence, her eyes still clouded as I watch her silently. I brush my thumb gently over the back of her hand, trying to comfort her as much as I could with the table between us.
“You shouldn’t have to push him. His feelings for me just...aren’t what we thought they were Sam.” His voice breaks a little and I could hear the heartache in his voice.
After a bit of insistence, he allows me to continue packing in his place. I had seen him do it countless times before. I pack rather quickly, all the food stacked neatly inside the bag. Zipping up the bag, I swing it over my shoulder. I scoop up my own from just outside the door, taking them both out to the Impala. Dean was already out there, doing his usual routine of checking the guns, stakes, knives and salt.
My tongue flicks out involuntarily over my bottom lip. He has such a firm build; taunt chest, broad shoulders, dark skin and the subtle trail of hair that disappears from his navel to underneath the soft blue towel.
I was cut off as Sam appears in the doorway, munching on a pear. “Hey guys, what are you doing?” He was obviously oblivious to the fact he had obviously interrupted me. I move away from Cas and grabs a pillow, pegging it at him.
“Can you spot them?” I ask him.
“I want you to watch yourself give in to me. I want you to watch as I suck you off.” The words roll off his tongue suggestively, gesturing towards the opposing mirror and I can’t help but nod yet again.
I spend a little extra time in the shower but as the heat begins to run low and my fingers prune, I know I can’t hide in here any longer. Shutting off the water, I reach blindly for a dry towel. I shake out my hair, wrapping the cloth around my waist as I climb out. Standing in front of the mirror, I stare at the sorry excuse for a person staring back.
“And?”
I stare at him across the stretch of the library, furiously gnawing on the end of my pen as I watch him smile at his mobile screen. That isn’t his cat smile. I know the exact way his eyes would crinkle when he saw a kitten bating at some string or doing something ridiculous on YouTube. This is a different smile. One that made me feel all kinds of jealous.
“Gabby.” I reach for her hand, lacing my fingers with hers, “We all come with baggage. Your pain isn’t enough to scare me off. I am not going anywhere, I will help you get through it, I promise.” I meet her eyeline, a reassuring smile on my lips as she watches me cautiously.
Australia? Was I honestly so drunk I hadn’t even realized that her accent wasn’t American? She must have noticed the confused look on my face as she laughs wholeheartedly.
I don’t know how much time passes, I am unsure but I start to shift a little I feel an ache in my knees.
“Castiel Milton?” The receptionist drawls out from behind her thick rimmed glasses, slamming her overly polished nails against the old keyboard.
Lettering, flicking through the paper work to find and take a quick look at the map.
“Mm. Are you feeling confident?” She inquires and I couldn’t help the more honest answer that slips from my lips. “No. But after some rest, I don’t see why I won’t be.”
Not for the weak hearted ;) I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I did writing it.
It takes me a moment but it all clicks into place like a messy puzzle.
My eyes delve around the room, trying to take in every detail of my new surroundings. The office is quaint, nothing but a few dingey chairs that are fraying around the edges and plants that are bordering on death.
“Dean. I love it. Do you know what plant this is?” He asks, eyes shining as he recounts something he obviously read in a book, entirely lost in his own mind as he spills; “This Astearea plant. It typically grows in summer and fall but they make great house plants. They only need partial sunlight which will be perfect as the bunker is so secure and access to light will be quite limited. It is most known for being an ancient flower, symbolizing both unwavering love and patience. I remember seeing these a few times in my very short visits down to earth over the millennia.” He brushes his long fingers gently over the petals and I couldn’t look away. I could honestly sit here and listen to him gush over a plant all day even if I was only half listening.
“Sam, I don’t want him to feel pressured. Making comments like that is only going to deter him. But it’s fine. I know you were only trying to help.” I respond, reaching over to gently tap the back of his hand in a light thank you. He gives me a small smile and we both go back to watching the television.
Despite my lengthy explanation on how that wouldn’t be possible I was met with radio silence momentarily before Sam explained that it was in fact a joke.
“By the way, I admire that you are a hopeless romantic Cas. It really gives me hope.” He reaches forward and gently pats my arm, shooting me a soft smile.
“Say a word and I will break your teeth.” He hisses and I keep quiet but can’t stop the creeping smile on my lips. I close my eyes and drifts into a calm slumber.
“Shut up.” He scoffs, eyes still roaming around the room.
I wake up suddenly, my heart racing as I clutch at the bedsheets desperately. They are
The way he holds himself is so sure, so confident within himself. He slides the belt from his waist, eyes still locked with mine. He seems full of curiosity, his eyes searching mine for answers I wasn’t sure I had. I couldn’t explain it, the way he makes me feel.
No one had seen Dean for days. Without anything more than a note left for Sam, we were left entirely in the dark.
“And if you were taking pictures, you would have missed it.” She murmurs. I nod, leaning on the railing. I don’t even notice that she has disappeared until a hard clump of wetness smacks into my shoulder. I let out an
She shrugs, “I don’t know. There was something familiar about you, I guess. I just had this urge to help.”
It is like last night never happened and I would have thought that it didn’t if it wasn’t for the subtle red lines and tired bags that hang low despite the concealer under her usually bright eyes.
His eyes narrow, stretching out onto the bed as he rolls onto his back. He centers himself, clearly enjoying my slack reaction as he props his legs up on the mattress. Still spread, he brushes his slender fingers over his thighs.
My interest piqued, sitting up a little straighter. Although this topic was completely out of the blue, I felt like things were gently clicking into place in my mind. I wanted to know more but what if he made fun of me? I gently poke at the theory, hoping he will explain it a little more.
“Have you heard anything from Sam?” He asks, breaking the silence and I was glad he did or else I was probably going to become more awkward the longer dinner went on.
“Thanks. Now get back to your lady friend.”
“It’s Dean.” I murmur quietly and she just rolls her eyes.
Stepping back out into the chilled night, I wave down a taxi as I was not risking driving Baby in this weather. If I crashed it, Dean would kill me. As the headlights of the car flash, the driver pulls up and I tug the creaky door open.
Hope you guys enjoy the update and I post a new chapter every sunday! If you guys want to see what else I'm working on, feel free to follow my tumblr: @sweetteamultifandom
I ignore his question, continuing my slow, purposeful grinds as my fingers search for his downy feathers. A sensitive spot to say the least, my nails dragging through the air but I knew he could feel it. His once puzzled expression shifting to one of undeniable ecstasy. He grasps onto my shoulders, his hips jutting forward, a sob ripping from his throat as my name rolls off his tongue again and again as he begs for release.
“You know, you remind me of someone.” I state, the smile slipping from my lips as I think of the same angel I loved who had the exact same habit of sweets. Even down to the gentle tapping of it on her bottom lip. It was always so distracting when he did it. Whenever I told him to stop, he would simply say;
“Sam, it’s ok. He’s right, I should go.” Cas insists, clearly wanting to leave to avoid conflict.
My body quivers and I feel bile rise in my throat. Leaning forward, I throw up into the sink. I heave, my body shaking as I squint down at the contents. It’s black, thick with blood.
I storm up to my room, making it clear that I no longer had the intention to talk as I slam the heavy metal door with a loud
I mentally curse, reluctantly peeling off my warm layers and as the shirt pulls from my shoulders, I feel goosebumps trail over my legs and my nipples grow hard from the unexpected gush of cold air. Muttering a few profanities, I shuffle out to the water. As it laps around my ankles, the icy temperature is less than inviting. I stand still, Cas breaking the surface of the water and looks at me with a goofy grin. He moves closer, gesturing for me to come out to where he is. With a deep breath, I shuffle further in until the waves break at my hips.
I gather my thoughts before responding, “Human emotions are complex. I never understood the phrase; ‘I would do anything for love’. How could that have meant anything to me? I was nothing more than a mindless soldier in heaven. Blindly following orders. When I fell to earth, I started to watch Sam and Dean and began to understand. I gained freewill, the ability to judge and make my own choices. It has been a rocky road for them and I, but I love them unconditionally. I owe them for setting me free. I gave everything up for them. “I shift a little before continuing, “With Dean, it feels different than how it does with Sam. At first, I wasn’t sure exactly what it all meant. These foreign feelings. I had spent thousands of years alone. It started off simply as a ‘profound bond’. Now I feel his hearts true desire, when he looks at me. The more human I become each day, the more I sense it. Our almost moments. I know he loves me back, I can feel it in my soul that I'm not embellishing this. But...” I let out a sigh, “I know he won’t admit it to himself. He was pushed into the heteronormative roll of the dutiful son. The straight male. Girls. Booze. Food. Three limited slots. It’s taken me ten years to get to this point with him. Meg, I don’t think I have it in me to wait another ten.”
“Are you sure I’m ready for this?” I ask, doubt still clawing at my chest like a persistent cat.
“So the baby angel likes to be on top, but also dominated? Quite an interesting combination.” He teases although he doesn’t retreat.
“You know Cas, I really am sorry for getting angry at you like that.” I scoot forward just a little, resting the palm of my hand on top of his. He pulls back like he was electrocuted, a distasteful look on his face.
“You know Dean, you deserve to be happy.” He breathes out, so soft I almost don’t hear him. I stay quiet. We both know that no matter how many times he says it, I won’t believe him. He walks forward towards the water, taking a moment as the lapping waves beat at his chest before he dives beneath the surface.
“No. Of course not.” I shake my head, knowing deep in my heart of hearts that everything I felt for Cas was not romantic but rather a craving for the emptiness in my soul to be filled.
The guilt weighed heavily on both of them as they broke apart, regret and tension hung like a blanket around their slumped shoulders; both shrouded in wet clothes and shame. Heated breathes mingle between them, the tingling sense that they were still pressed so close together. Neither dared look each other in the eye or breath a word. What could be said? With a breath, Cas disappears into the night leaving Dean alone in the shadows to grieve over what could not be changed.
She takes the satin gown from my hands, averting my eyes respectfully as she slips off her fluffy towel and pulls on her sleepwear. Uncurling the nest of wet hair, she takes a seat at her vintage vanity.
“Dean. What are you doing in this aisle?” He inquires, his voice curious and not an ounce of judgement. His fingers brushed over a particular book, pulling it from the shelves.
He stands barefoot in the sand, clearly disappointed. His lips are downturned, eyebrows furrowed as he obviously had this picture in mind but the result are less than satisfactory. He trudges closer to the water but his expression only grows more sour as I follow behind quietly.
I don’t answer, slipping in a second finger as I devour the sight that sprawls out in front of me. I curl and twist my fingers, the energy pulsing in slow, short bursts. He collapses into a string of delicious moans, fucking himself down onto my inviting fingers. The grace shoots through him like heated warmth, the energy exciting and pure. I had never done it to myself but watching as Dean squirms and is lost in a world of pleasure, this wouldn’t be the last time.
I was startled awake. Blearily squinting through the darkness, I try to gather my bearings as I wiggle out of my twisted blankets. My eyes immediately dart to her bed where Gabby is sitting straight up, and she isn’t crying; she is
“Castiel.” I suck in an unwilling breath and I could feel my heart pounding against my ribcage. I look up from my chopsticks and immediately regrets my actions of not only interrupting, but being blatantly rude.
Sinning with one thing, but using my grace to pleasure a demon is so much
When we first started these extravagant shopping trips, I was immensely uncomfortable. I wasn’t use to someone showering me with so much love and affection in the forms of gifts but Gabriel has always insisted that everyone deserves to be pampered.
“I’m sorry. For dragging you all the way out here for a ridiculous fantasy.” His voice is smooth and I immediately reject it, waving him off, “You wanted to come here for your birthday. Your choice. Today is all for you.”
“I should have guessed.” I mumble, reaching my hand out and hesitantly laces my fingers with his. He doesn’t question it or even let go. He remains still, waiting for my next move. I tug him to follow me, squeezing his hand ever so gently.
I nod in response, strangely feeling a little more at ease. To know I was trusted with such a task is daunting but to be believed in is so refreshing that I welcome the challenge with an open heart. I take a calming breath, letting my heavy lids flutter closed once again. And with that, I fall into a calming sleep.
“Dean? Is that you?” I hear Cas call out through my door and I glance around, the wrapping paper and plants strewn around the bedroom messily. It looks like a madhouse in here and I couldn’t have him see it.
“The library? What for? Did he have a stroke?”
“Second guessing yourself?” Her voice was soft and full of concern.
“You’re nothing to me, Demon. It’s my way or you get out.” I spit out in return, the anger coming from nowhere. His eyes switch back to the soft emerald, his tongue flicking out over his lips.
I frown, letting out my own huff of frustration.
The first thing I notice when I wake up was the blinding light. It was sharp and hard. A result of my usual hangovers. I sat up. Eyes bleary, mind scattered and stomach roiling as I try to focus and recap last night. The fuzzy memories rush back, clicking roughly into place.
“Gabe?” I sit up, tiredly rubbing my eyes as I squint through the darkness.
But there is a video that catches my attention.
“I do not understand. Can you explain it to me?” He asks, quirking his head towards me. While the joke was funny, I found it might be a little awkward to explain. Luckily for me, Sam came back in obviously done pouting.
“Do you,” I hesitate, before forcing myself to continue, “want to talk about last night?”
“An angel? Speechless?” I tease lightly and he shoots me a playful glare.
“Oh darling, you look amazing!” She coos, clasping her hands together as I tug at the snug jeans. I pull a face, clearly unimpressed at how tightly it hugs my hips and thighs as I stand exposed, in the middle of the dressing room.
I flick open my bookmarks, immediately scoping out Busty Asian Beauties. Clicking on a much-repeated video, I unbuckle my jeans and frees myself of both my pants and boxers, before slipping off my shirt. Tossing them aside, I lean against my headboard and fumbles through my nightstand for the half used bottle of lube. Squirting a generous amount onto my palm, I settle in and plays the video.
“Alright. Under one condition.” I tell her, pushing my slice of pie towards her as she cleans off her own plate.
“Stop being a baby, just eat it!”
She reaches out and laces her fingers with mine, giving it a gentle squeeze, “How do you know that the bond you share with him is unique? How do you know there is no one else in the world who would not love you the way you deserve?” I bite the tip of my tongue.
The angel turns to look at me, a smile gracing his lips as he finally stops interrogating Sam long enough about explaining his own fortune.
We decide to continue our trek around the store, a lot more alert in hopes of spotting them before they spot us. Usually hunters don’t take too kindly to me when they realize I’m an angel. Dean hovers close by, my fingers lifting a little to brush over his wrist as I turn to give him a soft ‘I’m ok’ smile. He nods, moving away to peer through the aisles. Finishing up our trip quickly, we make our way to stand in line when Dean nudges me.
I frown a little deeper.
Her red heels and well-manicured toes peek into my vision and I remain still. Without a word, she leans forward and lifts the collar from the floor. I feel her presence as she moves around to behind me, fingers sliding over the curve of my shoulder in a gentle manner before she laces the collar around my neck with a firm knot. With a brush over her palm over my hair, I gracefully stand up from my position on the floor. I bite back a grunt as pins and needles prickle along my knees and down my calves.
“Fuck me-” He snaps, voice harsh and I immediately withdraw my finger. If he isn’t going to behave, he doesn’t reap the benefits.
“Clarence? Why are we in this dump? Couldn’t you at least take me to a damn bar or something? I am dead for god sakes. I think I deserve a little better than a bumpkin ass view.”
“May I join you?” He asks, shrugging his trench coat from his shoulders as he discards it on the chair beside me.
“No. You aren’t. You become so focused on getting the perfect photograph to show others that you lose yourself in that moment. You don’t take the time to enjoy it. You don’t take the time to breathe in the air, feel the breeze on your skin and just... live.” She breathes out, small clouds of air puffing from her lips. “So, for this experience, just, trust me and try it.” She smiles softly, “We can buy postcards at the shop for your brother and Cas. I promise.” She hums out and whilst her thinking that they would at all enjoy something like that was really sweet, I know Dean would just quirk a brow and Cas would wonder why I would bring him back a card with a picture on it.
I go quiet, letting out a sigh. I could feel her gaze settle on me, trying to read my expression. With a very un-demonic surge of guilt, her voice softens.
“Sorry? What are you sorry for?” I ask, clearly surprised. I needed to apologise. Not him.
“That’s fine. You know you don’t have to ask.” I respond.
The moment we arrived home, I placed his stack of books on the study table and explain to him that they would have to be returned by the end of the week. He waves me off, picking up the romance novel. Before he could notice, I swiped the sexuality book from the pile and darted off to my room to read in peace.
I groggily pry my eyes awake, one arm still wrapped around her as I use my free hand to wipe away the sleep from my eyes.
My face contorts, eyebrows furrowing as I pull myself from the edge of the memory foam. A tumbling feeling rises in my stomach and I stagger to the kitchen, gripping at the metal basin of the sink. My knuckles turn white, goose bumps rising over my spine.
“No way.” I laugh, shaking my head as she pouts a little, placing it back and darts off to help me load up on plainer necessities. Socks, jocks, jackets, jeans, toothpaste, all the things that would be required for a trip that was longer than a day. I regretted not bringing all my stuff with me after the fight with Dean but I had no intention of going back to that motel that night and having stayed at Gabbys’ place, I was left with nothing more than the stuff on my back.
“I met them when I went out for a drink.” He states matter-of-factly.
“Boss?” He interrupts my thoughts once again and I can’t help but smile, I loved it when he called me that despite me being an employee just like him.
I was about to apologize for my outburst when he breathes out; “Were you holding out on me? You can be in charge, Angel. But you have to make me submit to you.” He challenges, sliding one of his palms over his length slowly.
Lifting his hips, he presses my tip at the tight ring of muscles. His body tenses, one hand on my chest as the other guides my cock inside of him. He lets out soft, beautiful moans and it takes all of my willpower to not just thoughtlessly thrust up into him.
I didn’t even have time to continue my train of thought as he shoves me up against the bread bench and pulls me into a heated kiss. My fingers claw at his shirt, tugging at his buttons in some desperate attempt to feel over his bare chest. All this tension and flirting, building up over a month period had left me much too excited and eager.
He closes his eyes and takes a deep breath. He holds it momentarily, nose crinkling ever so slightly in the way he does in thought before blowing out the candles. I grin, clapping his shoulder and even through the darkness I could see the outline of his contagious smile.
“Tell me. Or I won’t do it.” He breaks the silence yet again before massaging his tongue along the underside of my length, tracing the ribboned vein slowly.
“Oh.”
“Just a little tired.” I confess, just glad to now be able to fully relax in her presence.
Although it is just small talk, I feel increasingly nervous.
Those words are what probably hurts the most because he was right. Cas deserves someone who will love and treasure him. Someone stable. Not me, the emotionally stunted human that was pining over him.
“You know Dean, you sometimes forget that I am a celestial being.” The words fall out of his mouth with ease but I have trouble piecing together how this is relevant at all to our current activities.
“Yes. He thought it was amusing I picked you but agreed to a meeting.” I feel my stomach drop and my body flush heatedly, “Castiel. I was truthful about his first impressions of you as I did not want you to think I was leading you into this blindly. He is tough, but you are tougher. I know you are.” She holds out her hand and I suck a breath, reaching over to lace my fingers with hers.
“Hurry up.” He spits out and I have enough of his attitude. I grab the discarded tie, leaning forward and I grip his hair roughly. I tug him to arch his back, shoving the tie into his mouth where his teeth skim my fingers.
“Dean. Can you imagine what he was going through? Loving Gabriel was one thing but saying it out loud? Worried about coming out? And then having that love ripped away?” He squeezes my arm and I pull it away, a sense of grief washing over me. It wasn’t the reminder of loss for Gabriel, but the loss that Sammy felt and I didn’t even notice.
Hope you enjoy the update! Feel free to follow me on Tumblr @sweetteamultifandom
Loading the weapons back into the Impala, Dean was rather giddy as usual after a hunt. He was elated from the adrenaline whereas I was exhausted and Cas looked rather indifferent. Regardless, he somehow had coaxed us all to go out for a drink with the other hunters.
“You aren’t feeling the pie you moaned about only a few moments ago?” He quirks a brow, clearly not buying it.
“What are you, a teenage girl?” I snort and she laughs, looking over at me; “Hardly. Who says I can’t like a bit of bling on my phone. Let me guess, yours is in a simple case. Right? So boring.” She pokes her tongue out at me, the simple diamond stud on the tip catching my attention as she looks back at her screen.
“You two back already?” I turn my head towards the voice, a fierce red-head lingering in the doorway with a subtle smile. Her body is adorned in a navy lingerie set, intricately woven with gold lace. Her sheer gown half hangs from her shoulder, a cigarette balancing delicately between her index and middle finger.
“Oh! It’s Cas’ birthday tomorrow.” I explain and she swats at my arm, her face scrunching up.
My eyes immediately dart over to the twin bed beside mine. There he was, curled up under a pile of blankets with his tuft of black hair being the only thing I could see.
‘Thank you.” His words were soft but I could understand his frustration, his absolute torment at feeling like he wasn’t good enough.
“Yes, well I was curious and wanted to learn more about it so I went to the library and we found that book. I have been attempting to read it although I am finding it all a little difficult to follow it to be honest.” I admit, wringing my hands a little out of complete nervousness.
It places me in their shoes for a short time. I have spent my life wondering what love feels like. It wasn’t what I had expected at all. In romance novels it came in the most unexpected flashes, like a bullet to the chest. It was fireworks and magic in movies. But this certainly wasn’t the case.
I was about to get up and leave when he tells me to wait. Refocusing my attention on him, he says; “I was thinking about something you said to me at the library yesterday morning.” He sits up a little straighter, scooting closer to me, “You said that my human birthday is the fifth of December.”
I pull my focus back to my sketch book, scrunching up the artwork I deemed nowhere close to acceptable and tosses it into my bag. Pulling at my tie, I let out a frustrated sigh. I could control how often I make time to draw, but it irritated me that I couldn’t find inspiration. I’m in a new part of the city, overlooking the water as the sun sets; how could that not stir up my inner artist?
“Research material. Gotcha.” He shoots a playful wink and begins to walk left, moving through the aisles with a purpose. I follow behind, my head hung a little low. He suddenly stops, his thick fingers brushing over the spines of a few books. “Is it personal or for academic purposes?”
“Night Gabby.”
Incredibly hot.
I try not to let my disappointment cloud my original goal. I smooth over the invisible creases on my coat, clearing my throat.
I began to squirm when he rolled his hips in a downward motion slowly, grinding down on my length. I try to fight it with every sensible urge inside of me but the soft moan slipped out entirely involuntarily. His wicked smile appeared once again. He released his grip on my neck and leaned over me with his looming clothed form.
I push them off, my brows furrowed as I look down at my soaked boxers.
“I don’t really know.” I mutter, unsure of how to explain.
“I was thinking the fresh cream buns. Thoughts?” I muse, picking one up from the counter.
She begins to eat slowly, mindlessly dipping fries into ketchup and I can’t help the smile tugging on the corners of my lips at the ketchup that was building at the corners of her mouth. I lean forward, gently brushing the sauce away with my thumb. She seems surprised by the gesture but her hidden smile fully blooms, her cheeks a soft pink as squashes the burger down in between her petite hands. The intimate confessional now swept away with the wind, now nothing more than a hazed past time. I feel closer to her, more open and honest.
“It’s ok, I’m here. I promise I’m not leaving.” I reassure him as I sway him gently. I don’t know how much time passes before his sobs die out and there are no more tears left for him to cry. He peels away without another word and shuffles to the bathroom. My guess was he needed a moment to regroup and collect himself.
“Yeah, come in.” The gruff voice announces from the other side. With a twist of the doorknob, I push it open. Dean is half sprawled out on his bed, the book roughly shoved under his pillow beside him in a weak attempt to hide it as I step inside the quaint room. I was almost never in here, not wanting to intrude on Deans’ space. But it was warm, mostly smelling of flannel and spearmint.
“The city of lights? Woah, me too. Tourist destination or not, I could imagine the country side would be just as breathtaking.”
“No, I can’t take on responsibility like that. Choose someone else. I can’t-” I ramble, my anxiety creeping up to nerve-wrecking heights as I feel a tightness bloom in my stomach.
“I learnt how to cook baked Alaska.” She nods, her fingers delicately brushing over the pages of my book with care.
“Some of this looks really interesting. Especially this one.” He begins to flip through the pages of a rather thick book called; Exploring human sexuality.
Check. Ok,
Dean let’s his hands slide up to grip the side of the angels’ face, his eyes reading so much pain and despair. Cas could hear his silent pleas, his begs like prayers as they flood the Angel’s mind. So loud, so much emotion that it was crushing. Cas wanted it to stop, for him to breath and have a glimmer of hope. He did the only thing he could think of in the moment.
Enjoy :D
His words resonate inside of me and leaves me feeling warm and accepted. He was right. I was trying so hard to find a place, an explanation for my feelings towards him for so long I never really took the time to consider the possibility that I just love Cas. No reason, no underlying sexuality secret, but simply that he is what I want.
“Hey. Hey, it’s ok.” I wrap my arms around her and pulls her into a hug. I rest her head against my chest as I run my fingers through her matted curls. rest my chin atop of her head, dropping my hand to rub her back comfortingly.
“Gabby.” I reach forward and brushes my fingers over her knuckles, showing her that I really mean no harm by my words and she visibly relaxes a little, “It’s perfectly normal to have nightmares, I have them too sometimes.” She watches me carefully, obviously still trying her best not to recall the events. I decide maybe my way to break through to her is to share my own trauma, my own pain. So she knows she isn’t alone.
I feel a sharp pain in my head, not exactly the first thing I want to experience as I am pulled out of my unconscious state. I squint through the darkness, making out a figure sitting on the edge of my bed. Unmoving, I just lay there and gather my bearings.
“So, what do you want to do today, birthday boy?” I ask, stabbing at my omelet and pushing the yolky goodness into my mouth.
It isn’t long until I was a moaning mess under him, begging to be touched or to at least let me touch him but my arms stay pinned into the mattress. I lose my footing a little, my hips meeting his half way in a heated mess of sexual chemistry.
I ignore his comment, slipping out from the living room to head to bed.
“I know.” I breath out, gently tapping her chin in thanks before climbing to my feet and snatching up one of the muffins she brought back.
I pull into a clearing and lets the engine die out along with the headlights. I grab a torch from the glove compartment, climbing out and heads around to the trunk. I pop it open, digging behind all the hunting gear for a familiar plastic bundle.
“He likes gardening and stuff, right? Why is a plant a bad gift?”
“Thank you, mistress.” With a bow of her head, I move to resume my seated position opposing her.
I take a deep breath. When we first started this exercise all those years ago, I couldn’t think of a single thing. But as she built my confidence; proved to me that I am worth the fuss and affection, it became easier.
“Psh, save all your terrible television choices for Rowena.” I comment as she glides through the channels, clutching her remote protectively.
I stand up, slipping out of my own flannel shirt and dirt crusted jeans. Digging through my duffle to find something I could fall asleep in. Today had been such an exhausting day. I felt not only physically, but emotionally drained. I could feel his pain and I knew this wasn’t something he was going to get over overnight but I was going to do what I could to help him through it. I hear him re-emerge from the bathroom but don’t bother to turn around.
I heard a gentle tap on the bathroom door, my eyes opening. “Yeah?” I call out and for a moment it was complete silence. I thought maybe they had gone away but then I heard a soft voice that made my heart clench a little.
“Oh, Sam. Sorry, go back to sleep.” She sniffles a little and I hear her slip from her covers and heads to the bathroom. With a click of the door, the light beams out from underneath the door in a yellow block.
I rest back on my palms, spreading my legs a little as I eye the demon in the summoning circle. Eyes black, he drags his hands up to settle on his waist. It had been a mere 24 hours since our last meeting and I was already craving more of him.
But for whatever reason, this girl didn’t have those intentions. She seemed genuinely concerned about me heading home in this state.
“Tonight. Sam is packing food for the trip now.” I rise to my feet, deciding to take my leave.
Instead, the kiss is firm; dominant. So slow and calculated. Like he has been thinking about this for so long that he has mapped out every moment. Every breath. Every touch. The warmth of his breath, the sweetness of the frosting and the pounding in my ears is almost deafening.
“Here you go doll, a bacon and egg deluxe for you and a waffle stack for your friend here.” Smacking her gum loudly, she gives me a flirty smile before disappearing back to the kitchen. I shoot her a thankful smile before looking down at my food. If anything was going to flush out this hangover, it was going to be this stack of greasy bacon.
I was surprised to hear Castiel singing along as well. I didn’t say a word, I didn’t want to deter him from feeling like he can openly sing along to my music. It was nice. Usually Sam would judge from the passenger seat but Cas seemed more than content to get lost in his own musical rhythm. As the song faded out, I gently turn the knob down so I could speak without shouting.
I go to apologize again but he slides from the booth.
“Yeah, sure.” I move my legs, sitting back upright as I pop the fork into my mouth. The sweet rush of blueberry and apple fill my senses and I let out a soft hum of satisfaction, “Man this is good pie.”
“But how can I be sure that picking one from the top will give me an accurate reading, Dean?” He asks and I couldn’t but smile at how cute that sounded.
I finish off my meal, pay the bill and slides into the driver's seat.
His hand slips lower, petting along my inner thighs as his lips begin to trace slow kisses along the crook of my neck. It was new, slow and I loved it.
“But-”
“That wasn’t even what I wanted to order.” I protest but she waves her hand.
“You are right, what was I thinking?” She shoots back, the corners of her eyes gathering smile lines; “So what do you do for a living Sam?”
“How long were they partners?” I ask softly, going back to the first image.
“It sounds like you both were using each other for selfish reasons.” She states and I swear my jaw could have hit the floor. There was no simplicity or careful honesty, she was just blunt.
“With who?
“Not yet pet, you know we are waiting on one more.” A smirk crawls over my lips, my fingers gently trailing down over his curved ass. Withdrawing my hand momentarily, I collide it against soft skin earning a soft
I look down proudly at my pile. “Mm, I got some gardening books, cooking books...” My fingers brush over the covers when I realize that one was missing. My grace curled up inside my vessel, the warm feeling returning.
I could feel the heat in my stomach pooling, the precum that soaked the sheets only heightening the pleasure and with a low, very unholy moan, I came.
“Perhaps you are questioning your sexuality?” His voice is soft and non-judgmental but it doesn’t stop the blush creeping further up to my ears. I lower my eyes, looking down at my clasped hands. I have barely admitted to myself that I was questioning everything I was so I certainly wasn’t ready to say it out loud to him. But if there was a good time for me to confess anything, it was now.
“I don’t know what you want me to tell you, Dean,” Cas tsks, blue eyes blazing, “This has been set in motion well before my very existence. It is what it is.”
After being rejected on his birthday, Cas soughts comfort elsewhere.
Coming here all by myself in the hopes of distracting myself from my feelings. With Sam absent, I have no one to talk to. I gently roll the bottle neck between my fingers, loving the smooth feeling of glass between my fingertips. It is a soothing habit I have developed over the years.
“Cas...” I breath out softly and he cuts me off.
“Like that one?” She seems to contemplate her answer, her fingers tightening on the fabric of my shirt as if she is afraid I will disappear, “Since the hospital. It’s very rare it gets that bad, its been a long time since an attack like that-” She knaws on her bottom lip, “I-” She stops, closing her eyes and leveling her breathing.
He looks down at me, eyes lost in clouds of lust as his thumb brushes the wet semen from my skin. “Maybe, if you behave for the rest of the morning, I might just return the favor.” He slides the pad of his thumb over his tongue and I almost whined at how incredibly hot that simple action was.
She has a smile on her lips and I do my best to focus, trying not to ask the flurry of questions that pelt around my mind.
Here is a late christmas present! A second update. Because I had two days off I had more time to write so here you are :)  Enjoy~ And as always, I update every Sunday :)
Cas now looks completely cress fallen as Dean looks for validation from dads’ old hunting buddies who seem to be egging him on.
I felt my pants tighten a little. Fuck, he was so gorgeous and that noise, I could listen to it on repeat all day.
“This is a vacation, you really don’t-” I start but she interrupts, her brows furrowing as her free hand lands on her hips, giving me
“You dummy, I have put on an American accent. It stops me from getting overcharged at bars.” My cheeks heat in embarrassment and I give a simple
“Gabby, hey. What happened, are you alright?” I ask, extremely concerned as I could hear her trying to muffle her sobs through the door.
in the bathroom didn’t fade. His hot breath, the expert flick of his tongue. His deep, inhuman voice begging for me. The way his fingers slid along the bare skin of my back.
I spend the first few hours tidying up the bunker. Washing, tidying, baking; I really have begun to nest like a mother hen. When everything was pristine, I am still all riled up with no other way of distraction.
“Nothing, nothing. I think it’s a great gift. What about you get him some herbs to grow too. You know, for cooking?”  I suggest.
I loved it.
This still wasn’t good enough. We were left with no plan, no strategy and are just going in unprepared which hasn’t been our style for a long time. The way Dean is acting is a splitting image of how Dad had shaped him.
It was warm, caramel glazing on top of chucks of banana and vanilla cake. I take a bite, letting out a gentle hum of approval as she reaches for her own cup of coffee.
“I’m glad you like it.” I clear my throat and he turns to look at me momentarily before returning his gaze to the plant.
Finishing up in just under an hour, I take a moment to admire my work before going to ‘wake’ the angel who was probably reading at this point of the morning, last night's activities pushed to the back of my mind.
He is still blindly faithful to John even after he passed. Maybe that is something that would never fade, even as time moves on. Dean trusts him blindly and Cas will follow fire and ice into the pit with him.
I had no idea what I was going to say to either of them. For all I cared, they could both disappear and leave me to wallow in self-pity. But the hurt that tugged at my heartstrings is what stopped me from being so angry. It wasn’t Sam's fault. He was right. I had spent the last ten years in complete denial of my attraction towards Cas. Finally, I was coming to terms with it when I decide to act like a complete asshole and prance around like a show pony in front of other hunters. The look on his face when I suggested he go pick up the waitress was soul crushing.
She nods, “Clean off the table and bring me my briefcase.” She takes her glass of wine, taking a generous sip. I stand, my breath still a little shaky as I clear off the table and places the leftover food into her fridge. Moving back to the hallway; I pick up her thick leather briefcase and carries it to the table.
I clear my throat yet again, my eyes dropping to stare at the paper. “What does it say?” I ask, still feeling his gaze on my face.
“Ok, it’s got a tag on here. Give me a moment. Aha, ok. It’s called an Aster plant.”
The happy buzz I have been holding onto all day slips from my grasp as my mind flashes back yet again to a memory of Gabriel;
“Always a necessity.” He muses, a bright smile on his face as he tosses a few packs into the metal trolley. I push the cart along dutifully as he justifies each snack he pulls from the nearby shelves despite the fact, I had packed enough food to last the short trip. Although it was honestly worth it to see his face light up in excitement like I had let a child run loose in a candy store.
“Then what did you mean?” I challenge, drawling my voice out to make it seem like I am less than interested in what he has to offer.
Trigger warning: A little bit of blood play, nothing as extreme as last chapter. A little more plot :3 enjoy!
The loud pop of fireworks fizzle to a crackled silence, the bright lights that once lit up into a beautiful display fall away to blackness. It reveals a rather clear night, the stars dotting the sky in a hypnotic pattern as the moon blesses us with just enough light to be able to see each other through the darkness.
His hand slides over and laces his fingers with mine before redirecting his attention back out the window. With my heart in my throat, I hesitantly slide my thumb along the side of his hand in a comforting way.
“Just like that, Angel. I’m yours--” He breathes out, the sound of slapping skin and mixed moans pushing me over the edge as I fill him up with hot cum. He follows with a broken groan, his cock twitching as he spurts out white ribbons between us. I let out a low growl, riding out my orgasm with slow, unsteady thrusts. With shaky legs, I pull out from his abused hole, the cum dripping out onto his soft skin.
I felt my heart flutter a little as I recall Sam's words from earlier, there could be that one person who could change your mind. I clear my throat a little, my eyebrows knitting together in a frown.
“Hello my little prince, Is Ro here? Did you take good care of her for me?” She asks, her eyes trained on him as she holds out her petite hands. “Stand.” She tells him and he follows her instructions, taking her hands in his.
He bursts out into unexpected laughter and I withhold the urge to pout a little. Why was he laughing?
“I want you to fuck me. Pound me into the ground until I can’t even remember my own name.” He responds, his voice so calm that it sends shivers up my spine.
“Ok, it’s got a tag on here. Give me a moment. Aha, ok. It’s called an Aster plant.”
I look down at the petite blonde, taking her offered hand into my own and presses a kiss on her knuckles. “Good evening mistress, how may I serve you?” The words, having been repeated ever Friday night since the day I turned 21, slip off my tongue with delicate ease.
It was a rainy Sunday morning, no later than 5am. With a soft tinkle of the bell above the glass bakery door, my eyes dart up from the fluffy dough to the slender, dark haired male who seemed to be drenched from the unexpected downpour.
“Hey.” I respond, a soft hum on my lips as I anxiously wait for some bad news.
His pink tongue flicked out over his lips, a smirk pulled at the corners in utter amusement at my reaction. I tried to justify it. Tried to reason with why he is acting the way he did but even as he slid up to straddle my hips, all types of rationality slip away.
“Good boy.” he coos and struts off, leaving me a hot mess on the floor.
The towel falls from around my waist, his palm sliding over the underside of my pulsing length.
She gathers me up in her arms, her hands sliding around to rub my back. I instantly melt, resting my cheek on her shoulder. “I don’t require television, just affection is enough.” I mumble, “But thank you for your offer mistress.”
I pull out of the bunker parking bay and turns onto the dirt road with a crunch of gravel. A few minutes pass and I let my eyes pull from the familiar path to glance at him. His left arm is half out the window, his fingers moving gracefully along with the pull of the wind. His head is leaning back against the leather comfortably as his eyes are chasing the passing landscape.
“My worst one is reoccurring. Always the same, I can never change it.” My brows furrow as I continue, her expression softening around the edges, “Last year, I lost someone I cared about before I could tell him how I felt. I regret it every day, and each night when I go to sleep all I see is his-” I swallow thickly, not wanting to rekindle the memory of the day he died in front of me; “So I get it. Some nightmares feel so incredibly real. So, you don’t need to be embarrassed. Or afraid. I understand.”
I shoot him down before he gets very far, “If the next words out of your mouth Dean Winchester are for me to stay in the Impala while you and Sam risk your lives, you are going to be very sorry.” I warn and he waves the threat off.
“You do contribute, Cas.” He responds with ease as he closes the trunk with a firm hand.
The rest of the day goes by in a blur. We grab coffee at the café and warm up before heading to the gift store. She convinces me to get a few postcards to remember the day. As the sun begins to set, we find a motel nearby to stay at for the night before we head to Vegas in the morning.
“Why are you in my car? At this hour of the morning no less?” I ask, rubbing my eyes as I work on starting her up. With the frosted windows and sleeted snow, she would take a little to warm up. In this kind of weather, she always needed a little extra TLC in the morning.
“That was disgusting.” I clarify, the sweet and sour taste still lingering behind on my taste buds as I toss the gummy into the trash can that was beside the stand.
“You can’t just disappear like that!” He snaps, drawing a few steps closer.
I remember the rain was like rocks against the old motel window, lightning so bright it illuminated my room with every crack of thunder.
Roiling hilltops and mountains stretch as far as the eye can see. A vast lake surrounded by rocky shores and trees, not a dent of humanity having taken over this luscious place. I had only ever seen it once in person, but I was able to recreate the memory with ease. The slight pinch of frosted morning air, the smell of earth and grass mixed with salt water. I take a seat on the closet patch of grass, leaning under a shady tree.
I pull out one of Deans’ spare duffels and begins to load it full of Sam's and Deans’ old clothes. I come to the realization that none of this stuff was truly mine. Even as I went to the library and placed the borrowed books inside, it only bothered me more that nothing was necessarily my own. It was theirs. Perhaps on this trip, I should go out by myself and purchase some new clothing. Make this room my own.
I hook my fingers up over the lip of his pants and underwear, tugging them down to his knees. I take a moment to admire his physic and surprisingly long length. I flick my tongue out to brush over his tip, testing the waters a little as my hand wraps around his girth.
“Miss me, angel?” His voice smooth as he breaks my concentration, forcing me to look up from the dirty gravel. My heart is still racing, blood dripping from the wound on my forehead but he seems less than bothered by my disheveled appearance.
“Would it be ok if I lay next to you tonight? I know I usually take the couch because I don’t sleep but...” He trails off as I turn to give him a soft smile.
The sun slipped from the horizon, bringing on a starless night and despite his best efforts he is still lost. So he locates the one person who might understand. He finds the hunter at a motel on the outskirts of Kansas, alone. Slumped in the darkness against the impala hood, the light rain washing the dirty pavement as the broken street lamp flickers above. The angel’s dress shoes grate against the broken bitumen; Dean tilted his head a little to the side but didn’t breathe out a word.
“Ok.” She squeezes my hand gratefully, leaning forward and presses her forehead against my chest. Letting out a gentle sigh, I could feel her whole body relax as if she is trying to sleep. I make myself comfortable, brushing the tip of my nose along her scalp.
“Can I help you?” A soft, masculine voice sounds behind me. Turning on my heel, a well-built male easily in his early twenties was standing tall in front of me, a blue vest with a name tag in the corner that read; Brad. Rough stubble, dark eyes and toned arms. God damn. What the hell was this guy doing working in a library?
Unable to ignore me any longer, I hear shuffling before a loud; “Come in.”
His eyes remain downcast until the hunter draws himself to his feet. He shot the angel a look; who straightened in silent confidence. Neither wanted to appear weak in front of the other. Despite their profound bond, there is still unwavering pride between human and angel.
I wait for her to continue, my fingers sliding along her spine slowly in the hopes it brings her comfort. I feel her body relax under my fingertips; “When it was at it’s worst, I was scared to sleep. That seemed to be the trigger, I would go days without it if I could. I was so scared, and so alone.” Her brows furrow, her honey colored eyes growing a little glassy, “I would spend the night with strangers to feel grounded. I just... couldn’t be alone.”
“Yes mistress.” I respond truthfully and she nods; “Walk to the kitchen and meet me in the bedroom. If you require, you may stop to massage your legs.” With those words, she turns on her heel and marches towards the master room swiftly.
I tuck the package under my jacket and closes the trunk as Cas gingerly places the cooler by the headlights. He settles on the hood, watching me curiously as I make my way to stand in front of him with a goofy smile.
“I’m sorry.” She slurs out and I shake my head. Keeping her in my arms, I can feel her body slump against mine and her breathing evens out from cautious, shallow breathes to deeper, more natural ones. I stay where I am, my fingers sliding from her matted hair to gently brush over her sweaty neck. I push the hair aside to help her cool down before dropping my hand to rub small circles on her back. Resting my cheek atop her head, I listen to the soft sounds of her breathing as I lull her gently, swaying a little side to side.
“While we were cuddling Dean? Is that what you are getting at? It’s not like I had my hand down his pants.” I spat, my voice becoming a little louder, “And what’s wrong with that huh? Did you bring dads’ blatant homophobia home with you as well?” I feel a soft tug on my jacket but I ignore it.
Maybe I need to talk to someone? I mean- I couldn’t talk to Cas, what an awkward, twisted turn of fate that would be. Sam- No, no and no.
“But it’s snowing.” Is my last rebuttal.
“I swear to Chuck if you finish that sentence, I will smite you.” With that, he stormed out of the bathroom and slams it shut. I jump a little with the loud bang of the door, wondering what the hell that was about.
“Do you know them?” I ask as recognition flashes across his face.
“Darling, come in.” She gestures to the mat at the foot of her bed. I step inside without a word, kneeling in front of her without waiting to be asked. She looks down at me, holding out her right foot expectantly. I brush my fingers over the buckle of her shoe, undoing the simplistic strap and slides it off. I place it beside the bed, moving onto her left shoe. I brush my fingers over her bare feet as a sign that I am finished.
“If you went to Australia, would you go to the tourist parts?” She asks, resting her forearms up on the faded table.
“Cassie, are you feeling ok?” She asks, her fingers gently rubbing over my neck.
“Patience is a virtue, Dean.” He breathes out. Cheeky shit. I knew he must have been playing up that innocent act but this was like a complete 180 of his usual character. The way he held himself had shifted, his voice firm with a confidence that I had never seen before.
My brows furrow, hugging her protectively against me. I couldn’t imagine what it must be like. It was scary for me to watch but to actually
“Do you want me finger-fucking that pretty hole of yours?” I purr out and he shakes his head. I felt so in control, so aroused and ready to take my time with him. I flick my tongue out over his pert nipple and he squirms.
“No Sam, or I would have taken him to the hospital.”
“I’m really not in the mood.” I close my eyes, focusing on my wounds and lets my flowing grace heal each one.
“I will be back tonight. Wait up for me.” I brush my bare foot over the trap, breaking the seal for him to leave.
I was bearing my heart to a complete stranger but I wasn’t terrified. She understood pain. She understood the feeling of being lost. It was strangely comforting, I didn’t feel so alone.
“You know I will always be your best friend, right Cas? No matter what.” I reassure him. I knew he would now not only be worried about losing Dean but me too. He always told me about his insecurities about being left alone again no matter how many times I have comforted him.
I stand up and shuffles to the edge of my mattress, taking a moment to clear my head and my thoughts, pushing it all back down to the darkest depths where I had kept them for so long. I pull on an old sweatshirt and jeans, rinsing my hands off in the bathroom before making my way to the smell of hot pizza. Peeking into the living room, I was glad to see Cas fully dressed in one of my old jerseys and sweat pants.
I laugh, nudging her gently, “Come on. Let’s go see this view you are bragging about, yeah? We can take some photos.” She stops in her tracks, holding her hand out.
“I’m getting them for you regardless.” She insists and with that, I know there was no use trying to fight her on it. I let out a low sigh, adding it to the pile of clothes she is persistent in me purchasing.
“Considering
“Would you like to talk about why little space suddenly sparked your interest?” She asks and I take a breath. I didn’t want to burden her with a sudden blurt of unclear feelings.
“I cannot watch another re-run episode of The Bachelor.” I roll my eyes, reaching to try and pry the remote from her grasp.
“Come on Angel, tell me how you want it~” He teases, his tongue flicking out to massage over my already pre-leaking tip.
“Cas!”
The apartment is quiet, the lingering smell of cigarette smoke and sex filling the usually floral room. Soft jazz sings from the nearby speaker as I shrug off my overcoat. Rolling up my sleeves, I turn to Gabby and takes the silk stranded bags from her delicate hands.
“I can’t really give my opinion, I mean, I’m new and I haven’t even tried one-“ A thought flashes into my head and my smile grows wider.
He doesn’t go anywhere in particular, flittering from place to place in an attempt of feeling some comfort. Any solace from the fact that his world is crumbling around him, his faith now suffocating him and constricting his vessel.
I look around in the darkness, trying to spot him but with my shitty vision I can’t seem to find him anywhere. I am too riled up and pissed off to stay in the same room as Dean so I settle on going to drink my anger away with tequila like a grown up.
I silently lead him to the motel room, pulling out my keys and unlocking the door. I flick on the light, the shitty interior lighting up unwelcomingly. I turn on the radiator as I hear the soft click of the door being closed. I kick off my boots, flopping down on one of the two twin beds.
‘Yeah. I guess.” I comment halfheartedly, not wanting to go into too much detail about the fact I received a simple ‘K’ as a response. Not only was my brother terrible at conveying any type of human emotions out loud but when he was angry, it only makes it that much worse.
“I am a good person.”
“....Castiel.” He drawls out and I feel my cock twitch with excitement under my boxers and tight pants, my heart barreling against my ribcage. “If I tell you to do something, you will answer with ‘Yes Castiel’. Do you understand?” I breath out and he cocks his head.
With a gesture of her finger, I wait patiently for her to finish her sentence. She lifts her head, closing the binder and gestures for me to resume my spot at the edge of her bed. Kneeling down at her feet, she laces her fingers together and watches me intently.
“Sam.” She hesitates, closing the trunk and redirects her attention to me. I wait patiently after a simple nod of my head, “I think it’s brave, what you did. I can tell you are very close to Cas and Dean, I can only imagine how bothered you are that you aren’t there to help them but they need to find their own way. If you force them together, they will just resent you later down the line.” She steps closer, fixing up my new jacket. Smoothing it out with her fingers, her maple syrup colored eyes flick up to meet mine, “If you need to talk or if you need some space. Tell me.” She gives me a small smile before vanishing to put the cart away.
look.
“Really I-” I try to speak but Dean cuts me off.
I can’t help but quirk a smile in amusement, nudging her gently, “Thanks Meg.”
I could feel the heat tightening in my stomach, the twisted reality contorting into bliss as I fuck into my hand. My moans grew a little louder, no longer trying to hide what I was doing. With a burst of colors and lights, my cum shoots out in white ribbons, coating my lower stomach as my mind remains in a dizzy, sexual fantasy.
Dean spluttered, obviously not only confused as hell but torn between whether this was a fucked-up dream or reality.
With new determination, the boys set out in steed of the angel who watched from the earth below. Through the tropes of memories, they stumble into the garden to find the man they had been searching for. Their last hope; the salvation they had craved.
“I will fuck you how I like.” I snap, releasing his hair and I place my hand between his toned shoulder blades, shoving him down into the mattress. He doesn’t seem to resist although he does mumble profanities around the silk tie.
“I...” He doesn’t continue. He bites the inside of his cheek and starts to cry. Silent, heart shattering tears. Looking at him like this, I feel like there was something less about him and I don’t know what I'm supposed to do. I want to hug him and tell him everything was going to be ok but how could I convince him of that after everything I just said? I carefully pick my next words as I move closer to brush my thumb over his cheekbone to clean off the fresh streaks of tears.
“Yeah, but you know I think all that profound bond garbage is bullshit.”
“It’s been such a long time tweetie pie.” She sides steps around her cooing girlfriend, taking my face in her hands as she looks over me. “Such a wee boy. Are you sure you are eating enough? Getting enough sleep?” She asks, running her thumbs underneath my tired eyes with a slight huff. She is on the tips of her toes and I reach forward to gently hold her waist to allow her to balance with ease.
“Enochian?” She breathes out my safe word and I shake my head, “Ok baby boy. Come lay with me until dinner arrives. We can watch whatever you like as a treat for you being so wonderful this week. Look at how thorough your book is for me, and you have been so great this evening.” With a swift movement, she holds out how hand to pull me to my feet. Lacing my fingers with hers, I stand and all but flops onto the fluffy bed linens and mounds of pillows.
This was the closest feeling I had ever gotten to being asleep. Whilst I could control my dreams, unlike a human, I felt it was almost the same experience.
“Stand.” She tells me and without a second thought I am back on my feet. She pulls her hair over her shoulder, the curls falling delicately down to her waist. I reach forward, gently pulling the zipper down from the base of her neck to her hips. She shimmies out of the business attire, standing in only her black underwear. She passes me the discarded silk dress expectantly and I bow my head.
She averts her eyes, staring down at the file; “What my brother did is unforgivable. If I had known sooner, I would have-” Her brows furrow, a flicker of sadness brushing over her usually taunt expression, “No. I can’t change what happened. But we can try and fix it. Isn’t that right, babe?”
That’s when I can no longer stand it. I head to his room, rapping on the door. I am met with silence. Narrowing my eyes, I knock louder.
“And I deserve to be given a chance.”
It's like tryin' to catch a falling star.
The man easily towers over me; he is at least 6”4 without a doubt. Long features, dark hair falling in his eyes as he shoots me a warm smile; dressed in plain flannel and dark, worn jeans.
“There was blood in the sink, is that yours?” He asks and I can’t help but shrug, “It smells of demon blood, hence my question.” He covers firmly.
“For us Enochian beings, it is not something we often discuss. We are built as warriors. Not as sex objects. We do not copulate as we do not need to reproduce.” He responds and I actually feel a little empty at the sentiment. Life without sex is one thing, but being told your whole life that you are nothing more than a warrior, to serve a being you aren’t sure exists is another. Chuck really needs to get his ass in gear and give these angels the birds and the bees talk. Free will and all that crap.
I let my eyes drift shut, focusing on the hum-drum of the wordless music. My fingers dance along involuntarily, pattering along the rough texture of my bag. I could feel eyes on me, surely perplexed by the fact I was in a well-tailored suit on a bus early in the evening. A student no less.
Spurts of hot white ribbons coated the sheets and my stomach, leaving me dizzy and high as I watch him follow close behind. Wetness pools at the front of his jeans and with a final smirk of satisfaction, he was gone.
“I will go grab us coffee, you get ready to go, alright?” The slight slip in her mask is gone yet again, a fake smile plastered on her face that doesn’t quite reach her eyes.
I stay silent momentarily before continuing, “Did you write that yourself?” I ask.
“Cool. Did you learn anything?” His hazel eyes landed on mine and I nod, quite proud of myself. “I did.” I respond, a smug smile on my face.
“Erotica? Romance?” He asks and I almost fall over.
“Mornin-” He murmurs, rubbing his eyes with his free hand.
I was starting to understand but it was the other things like various apps and music that I still struggle with. He patiently sits through my useless questions, answering them without a second of hesitation.
I stay quiet for a moment, mulling over what the correct response would be. Screaming and being hysterically jealous would probably be an unsavory event. It takes me a minute to pull together probably the hardest sentence I have ever had to muster.
“One with flowers and crap on it.”
Dean puffs out his chest and like my worst nightmare has crawled out from the pages of a memior, he sounds exactly like dad as he says; “Every good man deserves a woman. If you don’t go get that, I will.”
“You don’t live around here, do you Samuel? Is it just you, your brother and Castiel?” She inquires and I nod in response.
“One with...Dean, come on man.”
“Next time, I promise. I am going out a little later any way.” I thank him for his offer and with a polite wave, he slips out the door.
I turn my head, shaking away my past as I avoid looking down at myself. Turning the water on full blast, the shower head rumbles to life and splurts out a stream of hot water. I slip into the welcoming steam and closes the curtain behind me.
“Hey Sam, I'm in here.” I call out, sitting straight up and alert.
“Yes Mistress.”
I continue to remain silent, knawing on the inside of my cheek in an attempt to resist. His cool fingers press just between my shoulder blades, sliding down in a painfully slow motion. He could see my wings, I knew he could. Much like any demon, although they appear as nothing more than a slight shift in reality, a spark of grace, he knew where they were. His fingers glide down the invisible base, tracing almost expertly along the root of my dowry feathers and I feel my knees grow weak.
I can’t touch her without scaring her more. Perhaps if I could get her to focus on me, I could get her to calm down.
“True.” I murmur, nudging her gently from behind.
Perhaps he had finished it? Or maybe he was worried that Sam or I might find it so he left it behind?
I knew Dean would most likely be too drunk to notice anyway. If he even comes back at all. Cas climbs onto my bed and shuffles under the blankets. He had switched out from Deans’ usual jersey to one of my old college shirts and a pair of sweats, avoiding all eye contact despite the fact I knew his eyes would be incredibly puffy and bloodshot. I flick off the light before making my way through the darkness to climb under the covers next to him.
His eyes finally meet mine. Almost black, soft brown flecks crowding the iris but completely blending in such a hypnotic way. His long fingers caress the strings professionally, callused fingertips dancing effortlessly from years of training. Tawny hair falls over his face despite mostly being pulled back into a bun. This man is beautiful, a lot softer than Dean. He is the complete opposite. Feminine, gentle and soulful. His narrow eyes flick down momentarily as if he is really just putting on a show for me as his long lashes flutter delicately.
“I-…" I had never been vocal about my desires out loud, especially considering I had had very
“My girlfriend and I kinda split so- back to the dorms.” He announces, clearly forcing a wider smile. Perhaps this is a recent adjustment so I don’t push the subject but rather change it to make him more comfortable.
“Partners? Never. Dom and Sub? Half a year. But that is more than enough time to fuck up a submissives’ psych, trust me.” Her words are edged and I nod, flicking through the other information quickly.
“Come on, I know you had just as much fun as I did.” His voice purrs as I feel him move closer, his body radiating an intoxicating heat.
“Hmf. If you told me I would be reading romance novels and be hopelessly in love with a human 10 years ago, I would have smite-d you on the spot.” I finish off my tea, “Thank you Sam, that was lovely. I suppose I better go pack.” I gracefully slide my chair back, rising to my feet.
“Come on man, they taste good!” He responds, pushing a second one into his mouth as he picks up a third, moving closer and holding it out to me.
A few moments later, we were greeted by a petite brunette. She was pretty; hair pulled into a hair ponytail, dark eyes and no taller than 5”5. She greets us with enthusiasm, taking down more drink orders and her interest was particularly held by Cas. Her smile grows wider, gently twirling her loose strands of hair between her fingers as she brushes her free hand over his shoulder rather shamelessly.
“Really? Where are we going?” He asks as we both slide back into the car.
But then I froze. This
Curling his celestial form around it like a protective blanket; he held the fragile soul close. It is a mere blip of humanity ripped from the chains of confinement for a destiny unknown to the Angel. A mark is left on the soul of the human as he rips him free, dropping him back to his weak, human form before returning to the heavens.
“No Mistress.” I answer softly, focusing on her tangled hair.
Now how am I supposed to have dinner with him? Working out my feelings, sure. I could take my time with that, wait to explore those things, but sex? That is something I am never really good at taking my time with. I always give in to those urges. Now I have Castiel, the angel prancing around the bunker in a towel.
“I have fought thousands of battles, I’m sure a vampire nest is not really going to be a challenge.” I quirk a brow, watching his expression as he rolls his eyes dramatically.
“Sammy, who’s that?” I turn on my heel, noticing that Gabriel has returned, steaming coffee and muffins in hand. She tilts her head, a small smile on her lips as she places everything down on the kitchen counter.
“How are you going to know unless you try it?” He quips and I roll my eyes, “Pie is the only thing I seem to like. I doubt a gelatin sugar cube is going to be another snack I enjoy.” I respond but it the end, I take it anyway.
“Gabby...” My voice is soft as I reach up and brushes a strand of curled hair from her cheek, “We, well for certain I am, completely exhausted. It’s nice to just take a day. There is always tomorrow.” I tell her and I could tell she visibly relaxes.
“Considering someone woke up this morning from a wet dream, I would say now is the perfect time.” My eyes snap open, glowering at the smug demon.
I was absolutely speechless and it wasn’t because my socks and pants were now soaked with icy water.
I slip from the bed, retrieving her brush. I gently pluck the hair free and discards it before returning to her side. I slip to sit behind her.
I make my way down the narrow hallway, my fingers curling as I rasp gently on his door.
I could hear myself cooing in my head. He takes a hold of my hand and scribbles down some numbers.
“Sure Cas. Sounds like a plan.”
After losing Gabe, I had processed my own grief through empty, meaningless sex but I still had my brother and friends to lean on when I needed that emotional support. Whereas for Cas, he must feel like he had lost everything and, in this moment, I was all he had left.
“Sam and I are not a couple.” He breezes past the topic, returning to poking at his fruit. His face was scrunched up both in annoyance and frustration. I could tell he wasn’t happy with me still. His blue eyes are steel cold. Not the warmth I have come to crave over time.
“Dean, I'm not eating that.” I comment before he can even speak but I knew this wasn’t an argument I was going to win.
As if reading my mind, a smile plays on her lips; “As much as I would love to stay here all day, I promised you a fun trip.”
“Thanks. Now get back to your lady friend.”
“What kind of music do you have in heaven?” I ask, wondering if perhaps there was enochian lyrics or if it was just music from here.
Despite his fascination, faith was still his priority. To serve under heavens’ rule, to blindly follow as a solider would. Without hesitation and to the death if necessary. So when the first flicker of doubt arose within himself, it felt impossible. Could it really be that he had spent his life serving to no end?
“What if he wants to sleep?” Sam asks and Dean gives him a “what?” side glance.
“You trust me?”
I let out a soft grunt, closing my eyes as I try to gather my scattered thoughts.
“Cas-”
“Castiel.” I glower, “You will address me properly.” I stand tall, tilting my head up just a touch to meet his eye line.
The nerd drowning his sorrows, wearing too much flannel.
“Because I don’t want to. Is that not enough of a reason?” Cas replies, level-headed despite the fact I could feel his anger rising to the surface and all but brimming over the edge.
Without a word I shuffle to the right side of the bed, tossing him one of my pillows as he sinks into the mattress, pulling half the sheet over his waist. I watch as his eyes flutter shut, his expression so human as he reaches out; lacing his fingers with mine.
“I have.” She answers, not elaborating any further so I press a little more.
“Hey Cas, I know you have told me before how angels don’t really do the nasty up in heaven but what exactly is it like for you guys? Are you all these weird floating orbs without sex at all?” I know I had worded it like a moron but I really had loads of questions but not enough patience to trickle through them slowly.
When we were younger, it was difficult. I would usually have to steal or use my pocket money to buy him a present. I would do my best to make the most of staying in another three-star motel with no father in sight.
His voice trails off but the song continues, his fingers strumming a few remaining notes before falling silent. There was no applause, not even a peep from the audience. People continue on with their own business and he places the guitar down. He stands without a word, unplugging the speaker.
“Cas? Interesting name.”
“I’m sorry if it wasn’t my place to add such a comment, I was really only trying to help.” She offers, nervously tapping the edge of the cup with her metal spoon. I wave a hand, brushing off her apology.
Blinking the sleep from my eyes, I wince at the bold sunlight peeking through the slats of the cheap motel blinds.
“Nu-uh, open yours first and then we will trade.” I bargain.
Proud of my small achievement today, I manage to sneak back into the bunker, sliding the cake into the fridge and hiding everything else in the depths of my room after fighting with the sticky tape for a fair while as I did my best to shit-ily wrap up the bundles of plants.
“Let’s go see this Canyon.” I slip out of the car, adjusting my newly bought scarf around my neck. She hops around to my side, checking over me to make sure I am warm enough. I roll my eyes, insisting that I really am fine and for her to stop worrying so much.
“Were you up all night reading?” I ask curiously, stepping into his dimly lit room and settles down on the edge of his bed.
It doesn’t take me long to slip into my mind and to go to the place I feel safest. After the chaos the night ensued, I just needed a break away for a while.
birthday all those years ago.
Taking the cloth once again, I rub around the rim to be sure it is now completely clean before placing it on the side table she conveniently keeps beside the end of her bed for my benefit.
“When you see something extraordinary, if you are taking photos, are you really experiencing it?” She asks, swaying a little on her feet as she brushes the off the snowflakes that cling to her lashes.
“Come on Cas. Why not?” A clearly tipsy Dean chimed in, already at least four beers deep and obviously not getting the hint.
He looks up at me, arms slowly slipping from around me as he slides his hands into his pockets, “Good night, Dean. Sleep well.” He bows his head, turning on his heel and heading towards his bedroom.
But I can’t help it. With each slow gyrate of his muscular hips down onto the thin sheet, grinding on my much too hard length, I came further undone.
“Thank you. For coming to talk to me. I know the last day has been quite a mess but I would like to put it all behind us and move on.” He says with certainty, a smile once again adorning his lips.
“I’m not sure mistress. Do you mind if we take a break? I am suddenly feeling...” I trail off. She knew what I was feeling without me needing to voice it.Although I am usually one to keep myself composed and together, when it came to her I felt myself slip. It wasn’t a sub drop, but that is why I started researching little space. I was expecting to find why this solemn feeling had become more frequent as of recent and thought I might be regressing but I came up blank even after the research.
“Dean, I know this custom. It’s been around for many years.” He tells me and I wave him off. Regardless if he knew it or not, I feel a sense of pride at being able to educate him on human customs.
He narrows his eyes slightly but leans forward anyway. He brushes his tongue over the cream, his baby blues meeting mine. I push my finger between his plush lips and he lets out a soft hum of satisfaction at the taste.
Following her instructions, I let out a soft huff and limps a little towards the kitchen. As I hobble, my tight muscles begin to relax and I feel a sense of relief. Making my way towards the bedroom, I find her awaiting on the edge of her mattress. Her stance is proud and open; back straight, knees crossed. A gracious smile tugs across her lips as I stand in the doorway and waits for permission to enter.
“Cas, maybe-” I stop for a second, gathering my thoughts as he slides off his trench coat and sits on the opposing bed facing me, “Maybe you should move on.”
“First year?” I ask, my eyes landing on the law books he is pushing back into his backpack, “Second, actually.” He corrects.
She looks over at me, noticing my solemn look. Perhaps this road trip was a bad idea. At first, I was enthralled with the thought of running away with this blonde for a while but now as we sit so far away from home in her mini cooper, I couldn’t help but feel a little homesick. I was always with Dean and Cas, so being away from them was such an oddity.
“You got a girl with you, Sam?” I smirk.
“It’s not. What type of plant?”
“Yeah, just a sec.” I shout back, pushing all the crap under the bed and dusting the fallen soil from the covers. Deeming it reasonable, I settle back on the edge of the mattress. “Come in.”
“Ugh, he’s nice?” I suggest as a response and she rolls her eyes, a grin on her face as she nudges me playfully.
She emphasizes, poking her tongue out playfully before continuing, “Doesn’t seem to know his bestie too well, what about we get him a bunch of useful, little things. You know? Like an apron, a gardening book, perhaps a dvd?” She shrugs, “Maybe introduce him to some new hobbies if he is interested? Like painting, maybe sculpting?” She wiggles her eyebrows and I laugh, warming to the idea.
It is weirdly
“I feel dead though.” I let out a sigh, my head rolling back onto the pillow as a dizzy sensation washes over me.
I reach into my coat, pulling out my sleek angel blade. It glints and his eyes grow wide with excitement. I keep a hold on his hair, sliding the edge of the sharp blade along his cheek. Skin breaks, blood beading down over his skin like a blossoming flower. His tongue flickers out, the tip tasting a drop of his own blood.
His hand reached out, stopping mere inches from his shoulder as the hunter flinched.
I knew I was going to be in for a long conversation. I set my sandwich down, dusting my hands off on my jeans as I let out a prolonged sigh.
After grabbing dinner from a diner, we then decide to turn in. We sleep in separate beds after a simple goodnight. I fall asleep almost instantly but thankfully with my light sleeping habits, I was stirred awake around midnight from a soft whimper.
“Maybe. Yes. Ok, A plant.” I respond dumbly.
I stop in my tracks, looking up at him with raised eyebrows. The book was in greyscale, a lustrous looking woman with red lips on the cover.
Oof, things escalate very quickly- not even sorry. Enjoy o/
The angel pulls his belt on, shooting me an innocent smile. “Hello Dean.”
“I have always wanted to go to the beach? Gabriel always said it was one of Fathers’ greatest gifts. To have so much life living beneath the surface, to feel the sand beneath your toes. It sounds...very human.” He sets himself on that idea, sapphire eyes darting up to meet mine, “Is there a beach nearby?” He questions and I mentally search through my memory bank for where the closest one might possibly be.
She shuffles closer, curling against my side and rests her head on my shoulder. I wrap my arms around her, my hand threading through her messy hair and my fingers run circles on her scalp soothingly. I feel her body go limp, peering down at her as I watch her eyes grow heavy.
“I just don’t want to have to call an ambulance and explain to your brother that I let you freeze and become a popsicle.” She huffs, looking up at me.
“Cas, don’t worry. Dean knows what he’s doing.” Despite Sam’s words, I couldn’t help but continue to watch them until we were at the register.
She rubs her too-long sleeve over her eyes, trying to get rid of her cascade of tears. Although the grip on the pillow hasn’t loosened, she has stopped shaking. I hold out my hand for her and leaves it on the mattress so she can take it whenever she is ready.
It is incredibly hot. The way his usually powerful demeanor now folds under my finger, begging silently for more. I don’t even have to move my finger, he does all the work as he thrusts back. Spitting out the soaked tie, he moans lowly; “More, more...” He grits his teeth, whines slipping from between his plump lips.
It was an unusually quiet afternoon in the bunker. Only Sam and I were home, Cas having ducked out to grab dinner. Regardless, I was snacking. My feet were up on the table, leaning back in my chair as I enjoy the simplicity of the afternoon. No monsters. No demons. Just me and my sandwich.
I nod, recapping the whispers among community members. “I know that Michael mistreated his pets,” I let out a sigh, “Some came out a lot more damaged than others.”
My eyes glance over Gabby and whilst this morning had been a great distraction, I could still see the subtle lines of sadness around the corners of her eyes.
“Sorry, I just wanted to know if you were hungry? I was thinking of ordering a pizza.” He pushes the door open, hovering under the frame as he peeks into my room. My eyes graze down over his very unusual attire. He is usually covered head to toe; ugly sweaters, suits, you name it. Never had I ever seen him only adorned in a towel. A very
He picks up his speed, thrusting mercilessly down onto my rigid fingers as he rips into the motel sheets. Eyes squeezed shut, his legs spread further apart and his thighs quiver from the intensity of the activity.
I wiggle down, feeling small as I rest my head on the crook of her neck. She is warm, delicate in nature yet such a strong force. I tentatively wrap one arm around her waist as I settle to lay on my stomach. My eyes close although not quite ready to sleep.
“No.” I shake my head.
“Bitch. We are watching tv.” I snort like it was obvious. I tried to not let it bother me as I lean back into the armrest.
“Phone please.” She asks and I seem a little confused, handing it over without a fight.
“Alfie, darling?” Gabriel's soft voice echo's down the hallway and a few moments later, a tussled hair, half naked blonde appears in the doorway. Without a moments’ hesitation, he kneels down onto the plush carpet; head bowed low as he waits to be told to do otherwise.
I bump into something and I swing around, my dark eyes meeting blue. “Dean.” He says my name quietly, eyes running over me momentarily before eyeing off the librarian. He moves a little to stand closer to me despite his arms full of books.
I feel the vibration of my phone and I pick it up, still twirling the pot in my hand. “Hello?”
“Dean-“ I felt another tug of my hair which made me feel a strange sense of pride. I loved knowing when I was doing a good job, the moans and soft slips of my name always made it worth it. I start of slow as I bob my head to an unspoken rhythm.
“How about; Dean,” I breath out, sliding my nose along the edge of his stumbled jawline, the short hairs prickling against my skin, “you tell me what you want me to do to you?” My voice drops an octave, hot with lust as I trail my fingertips up the curve of his spine.
“Yes, I am kind of curious to see what you listen to.” I respond truthfully, dumping the fluffy bread into a pan.
I slide back up, brushing my nose along his earlobe. I breath out against his jaw, “You want me to fill you, don’t you? Fill you up with my aching cock. Fuck you until you are a sobbing mess.” I growl out and he arches his back, cumming against his briefs with a desperate moan.
“Gabby?” I murmur softly and she tilts her head back to look back at me.
“Where are we going?” He asks, his free hand brushing through his matted hair impatiently and I hide a smile. I don’t reply but I do turn to face him just as we step into the living room.
“So, what did you wish for?” I ask, nudging him playfully as I take the cake from his hands. I sneak a bit of icing, scooping it onto my finger.
It made me smile to think of a world away from hunting. But this was my life, I couldn’t just walk away. She watches me curiously, tilting her head ever so slightly as she taps the raspberry lollipop on her bottom lip thoughtfully.
“I think its noble of you to defend your brother even when he is being an ass.” He responds and I snort, nudging him gently with my shoulder.
Our two sexual encounters has left me twisted me up in the most sinful of ways. I am an angel, a warrior. But here I am, hard and silently begging for a demon as I start stroking myself slowly through the fabric. I whimper lowly, arching my back and pushing into my inviting hand.
I hope you are enjoying the ride so far! This is a difficult fic to write and hours of research goes into each chapter to make it realistic and perfect, I edited this more than i would care to admit. So i hope you enjoy, and kudos and comments are always super appreciated! :)
“Please Dean. Let me help you.” I respond stubbornly.
Weeks pass and I am travelling alone yet again. Scouting angels, trying to piece heaven back together. Nights blur into mornings and vice versa. Maps litter the walls, pictures are scattered around the now semi-permanent motel I inhabit.
“Everything is pointless. It’s no use fighting what’s meant to be.” He sounded defeated, eyebrows creasing and Dean looks like he’s rallying up for a fight.
“What kind of person is he?” I had heard about what Gabriel thought of him but perhaps another perspective might ease the grapple of stress pulling at my stomach. She let's out a tired sigh, “No matter what I say sweetie, it will not put your heart at ease.” I feel a sense of embarrassment at being so transparent to her. But I suppose she has known me for so many years I honestly shouldn’t be surprised.
Warning that Crowley will be in this chapter. A threesome needs a third indeed. Cas is getting darker and Dean is becoming more willing to partake in whatever Cas wants so...yeah. Threesomes, rough sex, grace-gasms, lets get this party started!
“I don’t want to talk about it.” Her words are sharp, her expression guarded.
The rest of the morning rolls by quickly into the afternoon, Cas having huddled in his room with his enormity amount of plants now neatly lined up upon the top of his dresser. Although he had soft soil marks on his usually tidy cuffs, his smile never dimmed even after I pulled him away to eat.
I could feel my involuntary warrior senses tingle, both from being in the presence of a demon but also the intense passion of the moment.
response.” She flaps the ears as if to entertain herself before a lightbulb goes off in her head, “I’ve got it!” She announces, stopping in her tracks to face me.
“Alright, alright.” He holds his palms up a little, a smirk on his lips as he brushes past me, “But I have seen you try and work a toaster. No touching the car, comprende?” He pops the hood, his face lighting up. Every time he spoke about his car or was about to, he would look like a kid again. This car means absolutely everything to him. Of course I would be careful.
The look on his face is utterly priceless. A mix between shock and gratitude, his soft lips parted speechlessly as he searches for something to say. His eyes soften and even through the shroud darkness, I knew everything he needed to say without him having to breath a word of it.
He barely said two words when he sat down, know obviously mulling over what to say as he takes a few breathes but to no avail. I must have been sitting there for well over an hour when I give in. Taking a hold of my untouched food, I drop the contents into the sink and places the bowl aside.
“Ah, hopefully its someone awesome.” She grins, pushing her curls behind her ear as she smiles up at the approaching waitress. Without even asking, she orders black coffee for us both and a slice of pie.
“No, as your mistress I command you-” She is lost in a fit of giggles.
The feeling of bile having faded, my stomach more settled. I reach forward, weakly tapping at his back.
“Of course.” He speaks softly, loosening his tie, “anything.”
She leads me out to the viewing deck. Although we were knee deep in snow, she looks like this is the most excited she has ever been. She stops dead center in the middle of the deck. She looks around before focusing back on me, “What do you think?”
“Ugh. Where have you been man? I have been trying to contact you for days.” I scowl, placing the petite plant back on the shelf.
I let out a defeated sigh. He could have stayed long enough to at least help. I spend the first couple of minutes walking around blindly, not knowing exactly what I was looking for.
Dean comes back to play and Castiel finds twisted pleasure in being the dominant one.
“Why are you so nice to me?” I ask, seemingly out of the blue. I was genuinely curious, I was a complete stranger who she seemed to hang on to. She was in a foreign country, alone and hanging out with
“Don’t talk to him like that.”  I stand up and grabs Castiels’ forearm before he can slip from the room.
I pull my bag up onto the bed and tugs open the zipper of my duffel. I pour out the contents and gently digs through to find my shower caddy. With a look of success, I climb to my feet and makes my way to the shared bathroom.
“Morning.” He sing songs out cheerfully as I let out a soft grunt in response. Despite his wet exterior, he was still chirpy as ever in his crisp white uniform, slicked back hair and almost too white shoes. Even as a baker, 5am was still not a time I ever adjusted to being awake let alone the fact I had been in since 2:30am.
To watch as he squirms on the floor was beautiful all on it’s own. Demon or not, a writhing Dean Winchester is something to certainly admire. I cum mid-thrust, filling his mouth up with my hot seed. He seems satisfied. Even as he pulls back, an obvious hard on threatening against the zipper of his jeans and residue cum dripping down his chin. With a blink, he’s gone yet again. Leaving me to feel dirty and rethink everything I had just done.
“I am trapped, in darkness. Floating in absolute nothingness. I scream. I yell for help and nothing. No one can hear me, no one can save me. I’m just utterly and totally alone.” She whimpers a little, another round of tears streaming down her face.
“Cas, would you mind passing me my snickers out of my duffel?” Dean waves towards the black bag that was slumped next to my chair. I snap out of my daze, a little flustered. With a nod, I lean over the arm of the chair to unzip the bag and dig through. I don’t mean to snoop, I really don’t but when I had realize that he hadn’t brought the library book with him that he had swiped from me, I couldn’t help but feel a little put out.
I step under the streaming water, letting the hot water sear my skin and relax every muscle in my body. The steam curls around the room, frosting the glass as I drop my head under the water. It is nice, to just... be.
“Ok, not much in the way of hobbies which is totally fine, what about tv? What does he like to watch?” She inquires.
He moved closer regardless, holding his hand out for the bun. I instead brush my index finger over the cream, taking up a generous amount as I step closer to him. I hold my finger out, a quirked smile on my lips, “Taste.”
He looked sturdy, undeniably happy in this photo. The smile lit up the most beautiful green eyes I had ever seen that were framed with thick lashes. Small freckles were scattered over his nose and his hair was stylishly short.
That wasn’t what I meant. At all. I knew by all means that if I wanted proper answers I would have to ask, and when was that ever something I would do? I guess I would have to do my own research although I couldn’t use his laptop. It would be much too obvious and he would be able to look up my history. I didn’t know how to wipe it. Perhaps the library would be a better place to-
“So what's a girl like you doing out at 3am on a Tuesday?” I ask, the cold air sobering.
“Dads- What the fuck are you on about?” He glowers.
“Are you alright Dean?” His voice laced with concern.
I let out a relieved sigh, dropping my bag in the doorway and works on shrugging out of my coat when I hear a deep throated; “Uh-um.”
“Sam. They are going to meet up with us at the diner in an hour. And that’s final.”
“I came here for sex and now I'm too tired anyway. I’m not going all the way back to hell to just come back tomorrow.” He scoffs, a shooing motion made with his hand. “Move over. I’m crashing here.” He tells me, acting like it’s more of an inconvenience to stay but I could tell that wasn’t the case. Despite his Demon nature, deep down he was still Dean. He is worried about me.
I push open the door to the suave apartment on the left, a place I had become familiar with; the minimalist furniture, the open floor plan and expensive antiques. I slide my shoes off in the doorway, tucking my laces habitually inside the lip and places them on her dedicated shoe rack. Turning to face the floor length mirror in the doorway, I adjust my tie and smooths out non-existent creases of my formal three-piece suit. Glancing down at my watch, I was honestly glad I decided to take the earlier bus to arrive ten minutes early.
“Miss me angel?” His dark voice prickles over my skin, my heart pounding against my ribs like it’s threatening to break free. I remain calm although memories of the sinful night flood back, feeling a longing, lustful stir in my lower regions. I ignore him, my eyes darting down to the porcelain sink so I don’t have to make eye contact because he could break me without even trying and I knew it.
I look up into the cracked window pane, my reflection a tad pale as I feel something drip from my nose. Lifting my hand, I rub my sleeve underneath my nose and pulls it back. Peering down blearily at the fabric, I am shocked to realize that it’s blood.
With a huff, she slumps next to me. “This better be bloody good.”
“Listen to me!” I snatch the beer bottle from his hand, glowering with anger.
“Is it really me though, Gabby?” I exasperate and she rolls her eyes, waving her hands with disdain, “No, but you look hot.” She counters. With my bracelet now tucked safely in my pocket, we were back to the usual banter of old friends.
“Strip.” My voice is low, rumbling from my chest and a smirk plays on his lips. His fingers slide up to start unbuttoning his shirt, my eyes devouring each inch of skin he reveals. My eyes trail down, my tongue darting out from between my slightly parted lips as he slides the fabric from his broad shoulders. I gently pat my inner thighs, my eyeline trained on the happy trail that disappears beneath his low riding jeans.
I tell myself, letting out a long sigh as the bus jerks forward and begins its journey uptown.
After a few moments, he shakes his head. “I can’t see them.”
“Better.” Her voice is hoarse, probably still a little raw from the previous night.
We both remain as we are for a few moments, bathing in each others’ naked presence before he lets out a low breath and vanishes once again.
“Think Dean, it can’t be that hard. This is Cas we are talking about.”
So, when Cas’ mission became to lift a single soul out of the depths of hell, he didn’t question the intent. He was to follow orders without a doubt in mind.
The night is dead quiet, but I hear him well before the light flicks on. The slight fumble in his step and the strong smell of beer and sweat. I hold my breath, taking a moment to brace myself before turning to face the hunter.
“Can I come in? I just need to grab my coat.” The request was small but I felt so much shame for how poorly I treated him. What should I say when he came in here? Should I just ignore it and pretend everything is normal? Jeez, even I knew that was a bad idea.
“I don’t know, to be very honest with you.” She responds, leaning back against her seat as the coffee and pie was placed respectively in front of both of us. She reached over, her bright and playful spark dimming as she brushed her hand over mine long enough to stop me repetitively creasing the soft tissue.
I rest my palms on his hips, leaning down and lets my tongue trace the trail of cum along his navel. My lustful eyes meet his and with a wink, he is gone yet again.
“Yes, Castiel.” He grabs the waistband of my sleek pants, hooking his fingers in the belt loops as he pulls me closer, “What are you going to do to me?” His dark eyes remain unshifting as I snake my hands around his bare waist.
“Are you hungry?” She asks, her golden eyes flicking up to meet mine.
With just my luck, as the late afternoon approaches, I am resigned to having lost the trail completely. Frustrated at my lack of leads, when I spot a few demons skulking around in the shadows of an alleyway I take it upon myself to send them back to where they came from.
I didn’t have the heart to tell him I had been blasting it all morning until I had dropped it under the fridge and there was no way I was crawling under to fish it out.
It was unexpected but didn’t come on suddenly. It was like a slow burn. Years of friendship and trust. It was finding another person who understands and accepts me. He will never love you the way you love him. The tiny voice niggles in the back of my mind.
“Because I didn’t expect to walk in while you two were-” He seemed to splutter over his word as his eyes widen, looking like they were going to pop out of his head.
“Trenchcoat. Seems like the waitress is into you. You gonna hit that?” Dan jokes rather loudly, earning laughter from both Dean and Brent. Cas looks over at the waitress across the room and shoots her a small smile before redirecting his attention to the older gentlemen.
The car ride home is silent. I barely get anything more than a peep out of Cas. The moment we arrive back to the bunker, he is out of the car within seconds and holes himself up in his room. I have no clue how I am going to make it up to him. I tried to accept them, he got angry. I apologize and he storms off. Maybe it would be better to scream and fight, then at least I would get an answer from him.
I smile softly, appreciating her concern and attempt of comfort before sliding into the passenger seat. I brush the fallen snow off the sleeves of my jacket, running my hands through my almost too long hair as she slips into the driver's seat.
I keep my eyes locked with hers, my voice slow and quiet. I stop singing momentarily and takes a deep breath, gesturing for her to do the same. She takes in a shuddered breath, trying to repress her soft whines. With tears still streaming down her face, I could tell she is doing her best to calm down.
I could imagine it with ease; his no nonsense voice egging me on, lewd praises slipping from his lips. I drop my hand down hesitantly to adjust myself within my jeans, a growing warmth filling the pit of my stomach.
“It’s fine. Where did you go? Are you alright?” She asks, gently brushing her hand over my forearm.
He goes quiet, seemingly contemplating my answer. I follow his eyeline and stares out at the now setting sun with a sense of comfort.
“What did you find?” She interrupts my thoughts, her small hands wrapped around the handle bars of a cart. She looks over curiously, her lips parting and forming an
“I am surprised you made it to two. You are clearly wasted.” She states, her eyebrows raising in amusement. “Maybe we should sober you up a little before you head off home, yeah?”
People came in and out of my view, asking to buy me drinks but I brush them off. None of them give me that chemical rush, that feeling of comfort I crave. I let out a low sigh. Maybe this really was a mistake. I am absolutely pathetic. Soughting comfort from a stranger as I couldn’t get it from the one person I ached for.
Diving to the depths of peril, the righteous soul shone so bright it was blinding. Even tucked in the very corners of the fiery pits; It was weak, but persistent. Like a man who wouldn’t break, a man who would fight until the very end.
It was a petite building tucked away a couple of miles off the main highway. Our usual kind of place, rather old but cheap. After collecting the keys, we all unload the duffels and file in to the room. Two twin beds are pushed up against what I can only assume to be decades old floral wallpaper, the carpet tucked cheaply into the corners and the whole room could be no more than 325 square feet in size.
Boarding the bus with a simple flash of my student card, I head to the back and slides into an empty seat. I settle my bag on my lap and catches my reflection in the glass. My fingers move up to habitually try and flatten my already gelled hair before fishing around for my phone. I plug in my earbuds, drowning out the surrounding noise with something familiar.
I feel my feathers puff up involuntarily, wanting to breed this godly male. The intense lust and attraction I felt towards him was really inhuman. I keep my eyes closed to not reveal the angelic blue glow, but as he begins to slowly rock his hips, the feeling something to be cherished, I force them open. His own eyes were black as night, hands bundling up my shirt as his pace picks up a little.
The shopping trip is a rather long one considering it was just to get a new set of clothes for the night ahead. Gabriel is as lavish on the inside as she is on the outside. She works hard and loves to pamper the people around her, but also loves her fair share of beautiful things.
that look of sadness in her eyes that threatened our day together and I felt a tinge of guilt. I had put a damper on such a fun day.
“Yes Mistress.” He bows his head to her, “Say hello to Castiel.” She coos and he looks at me with a warm smile, “brother.” He dips his head again and I return the formal greeting.
The bar is packed all around me. Flurries of people coming and going; laughing and joyous, flirty and sensual. But here I was, all alone at a corner table in the shadows. My tie loose, jacket sleeves pushed up around my elbows as I stare emptily into my beer bottle. Perhaps this wasn’t a good idea after all.
I spring to sit up, Cas falling off the bed and onto the floor with a soft yelp. I could just imagine how I looked; guilty and a little flushed. I refuse to make eye contact. There was nothing for me to be ashamed of, neither of us had done anything wrong but I honestly felt like I had been caught with my hand in the cookie jar. My eyes drop to look at Cas who was confused and just as guilty looking as me.
“Research? Do you mind expanding on that?”
“You got a girl with you, Sam?” Dean teases down his end of the line.
The angel doesn’t say a word. He knows Dean is just as broken as he is; his emotion is roiling off him in thick waves. Cas leans against the car door, not daring to look up at the heavens that betrayed him. After thousands of years of servitude, this is what he got?
I feel my legs grow weak, my eyelids heavy as I look back at my reflection once again. Then everything goes black.
He is still stunned, panting and obviously lost in a blissful state.
With a soft sigh, I climb out of the shower and wraps a towel around my waist. Deciding to just drip dry, I wipe my feet on the bath mat and makes my way back to my bed. Settling down on the mattress, I glance at the night stand to notice she has placed my phone on charge for me.
Sliding from the sheets, I kneel hesitantly on the edge of the mattress between his spread legs. I lean forward, brushing my fingertips down over his waist. I could admire the curves of his hips all day but the unimpressed demonic growl that rips from his lips shows that he is less than enthused.
I become distracted by her almost instantaneously, the subtle crinkle of her nose in concentration and slight pout on her lips remind me of
“Cas, I know you really want to help out on this case but-”
“Hold out your palms.” I do so, trying to conceal the slight shake, “Close them into fists.” Her voice grows gentle, her fingers pressing over my enclosed hands; “squeeze as tight as you can and breath with me.” She visibly breathes in and I follow suit, letting out a longer exhale. She repeats it a few times, her hands slipping from mine. “Now release your anxiety.” I relax my hands, all the shaky tension and constriction of muscles slipping from me and I let out a relieved sigh. It was a simple exercise, but it grounded me in a way that no amount of alcohol or drugs had ever achieved.
“On your stomach.” I breath out, wondering just how far I could command and get him to go without vanishing. Perhaps I would just have to keep pushing the boundaries until I found his limit?
“Now...” Her fingers smooth over the crinkled plastic, clicking out the bound clump of paper with a swift movement. “Tell me what you know about Michaels’ pets. Considering your brash reaction, I assume you have heard the worst of it.”
I take a moment before moving forward silently and peering over his shoulder. I stay quiet, moving my eyes up to watch him as he intently looks through the book. He seemed as genuinely interested as I was.
“Cas.” I breath out in response.
“Cas, did you just say Demons?” Dean asks in a hushed tone, moving forth to take a hold of my upper arm. I continue focusing, tilting my head a little in confusion.
“Right, sorry.” I breath out.
“That’s great.” He grins, taking a peek down at his watch. “Oh! I have got to run, I’m meeting up with some friends for drinks. Do you want to come?” He asks, slipping his phone into his pocket.
“I don't want any!”
“Me? Are you sure Castiel? We don’t exactly see eye to eye on...well- anything.” He comments, eyebrows raised.
The whispers die down as Dean announces a little louder that he was going to take a nap. He kicks off his boots and flops face first onto the bed, asleep in record time. Sam creeps over and takes the lovers’ seat behind my own, stretching his long legs across the cushions. I could tell he wants to say something as his mouth opens a few times but I don’t acknowledge it and I continue channel surfing as Dean would call it.
I turn around and she has the goofiest smile on her face, bending down as she starts to mold up another snowball.
and dirty alleyway may not be the best place, I couldn’t help it.
“You don’t have to prove your worth to me. To be a part of our lives. You mean a lot to me and Sam. I know we have had difficulties in the past. But if you would like to learn some skills, I will teach you.” His voice is quiet and I can almost feel his breath on my skin.
“Dean...” I gently brush my fingers over the side of the car, tilting my head a little. “Sam is your brother. You have an unbreakable bond. With everything you have been through, you will be together for life. But me.” I frown a little, my mouth pulling down in the corners, “I am replaceable.”
He immediately takes my hand with a gentle ‘thank you’ squeeze for good measure.
I have always tried to make Sammy's birthday special.
“It’s not. What type of plant?”
“On my count of three.” I grin, picking up my nth shot for the night, “One, two-” She takes her shot back before I even reach three, letting out an excited holla. “Hey, I didn’t get to three.” I laugh and she slips the shot from my hand, taking it down with ease.
I let out a gentle sigh. It was really hopeless but I still trail after him like an idiot. Sam knew. He has known for quite a while how I feel about Dean. Since then we had become closer. After the loss of Gabriel, we had become each other's confidantes.
Their story was brief, only in town to clear out the vampire nest. How they heard about it or how they found the exact location remains a mystery. Almost as secretive as their backstory. Dean didn’t reveal any information about how he met them or exactly who they are. I guess these hunters are about as private as us.
“Actually... yes.” My mouth was a little dry, even as I flick my tongue over my lips. My hunter's instinct was to make a run for it out of fear but my heart told me to stay and tell him the truth. “I have been having these feelings, um... as of recent. Well not so recent-” I began tripping over my words. I was honestly never very good at expressing my feelings in a heartfelt way. I always manage to make it worse.
I was dressed in nothing more than a loose robe, stretched out on the bed. My back propped up with pillows, a thin sheet non chalantly pulled up around my waist and my eyes closed.
“Well if I don’t know them...then how?” I try to think back, a crease forming between my brows as I try to piece it together. Then it clicks. Last night.
She is already dressed in her pink puffer jacket, snow boots and skinny jeans. Her short hair is pulled into two loose braids, curls framing her face and her make up light.
It wasn’t a wrenching smell and I couldn’t see any of the hideous creatures sulking around.
I lean forward, brushing my lips against his. He responds, melting under my touch as I deepen the kiss. I explore his mouth with my tongue; tasting, feeling and exploring. My fingers slide further down to grapple at his hips, dragging his waist to press my aching length against him. I roll my hips against his in a fit of passion, a low moan dragging from my lips.
“I can see your impatience, darling. Take a deep breath.” She commands and I stop the intricate braid to take a breath in. I let it out.
“On your knees.” He breathes out in a hushed tone. I had thought about this moment since the first time I saw him and it was everything I could imagine and more.
My tongue flickers out hungrily over my lips, watching as the small demon hybrid squirms.
I trail behind, waiting patiently beside him as he signs up for a library card. He insists on using Winchester as his last name through a softly spoken argument we had in front of the puzzled librarian.
“Cas?” His voice broke through my state of daze, my eyes flicking up to meet his.
I let out a sigh, “Just have some damn pie.” I insist, taking up a bit on my fork as I hold it out for him.
“We don’t have to see eye to eye when we are fucking, Crowley.” I growl, getting impatient, “Either shove your cock in his mouth or go.” I spit, a darkness swirling in the pit of my lower stomach. So intoxicating, to be so bad.
“I just, I was worried. I didn’t know you two were a couple. It was a surprise.” I murmur, the lie slipping out easier than I thought it would as I poke at my bacon, the pile of grease now unappealing.
I watch as Cas looks a little off-put and dejected.
As kids, jumping from school to school and hunting with dad, we never really had a chance to find ourselves. Let alone explore our own sexuality. Perhaps I was curious because I was attracted to Cas without any prior hint throughout my life that I might be gay and this was all extremely confusing. I feel like a lost puppy who is desperately searching for a label or explanation of my feelings and this honestly feels like the last life raft.
“May I?” I murmur and she gives me a brisk nod. I take her curls between my fingers, gently running the brush through. “Tell me about the shopping trip.” She commands, her voice low and firm.
I have literally no idea where this came from! But here is a list of TRIGGER WARNINGS. So please, PLEASE keep that in mind before you read this chapter.
“A useless ability really but when I used to spend lots of time in cold climates when keeping watch over humans, I had to get creative with how I stayed warm.” He murmurs. He holds my gaze and I open my mouth to say something; anything but it’s like my mind has flatlined.
“So you can parade troupes of women in and out of our lives without warning but the one time you walk in on us doing something innocent such as this, you freak out?”
“I-” I clear my throat, placing down my half-finished bottle of beer. “I’m going to head to bed.”
“He has been such a bad boy today, cumming without asking.” I tsk, clearly disinterested in what he has to say as the feeling of power enthralls me. I grind slowly against his quivering cheeks, “Do you want to help me punish him?” I ask, my dark eyes falling on the demon.
The minutes slip by into hours and before I know it, we pull into a muddy carpark. Cars were vastly spaced apart and it looks like the store had just opened only a few minutes prior which is convenient timing. Begrudgingly slipping from the warmth of the small car, I stretch out my legs and shiver a little, crossing my arms over my chest.
I tell myself, reaching for my toothbrush. I get rid of the sour taste that had lingered and created a thick film on my teeth before making my way back to the bedroom to look for fresh clothes to wear.
“It is what it is?” His voice grated a few pitches higher, throwing his hands up in frustration, “That’s your big motivational speech?”
“Although perhaps we should hop out, temperature I can control but the sun I cannot.” He turns his head to look out at the slithers of sun that peak through the clouds as it sets into the horizon. I nod dumbly, pulling back without thinking and the grace snaps and a rush of cold floods my senses.
“So, when he comes to pick me up later, be nice.” With the finality of his words, he slips from the library and heads back to his room. I almost splutter out a response only to be met with silence.
They are right, I had fallen. Completely. I would do it again in a heartbeat. For him, I would.
I drop to my knees without a second thought, tossing the cream bun (I was still holding onto like a damn moron) aside. I drag my hands up over his thighs, pulling a little at the fabric as I stare up at him. He brushes his long fingers through my hair, giving it a rough tug which made me groan softly.
I think over our previous two encounters when something hits me. Every time I was dominant; when I became assertive, he complied. So, he just wants me to be in charge? I suddenly become nervous but he seems patient enough as he slowly rubs circles over his erection.
“Shut up. It’s none of your business. So why did you call?” He inquires and my scowl returns, reluctantly dropping the subject.
Ugh, this is getting too weird. I need dinner. But first-
“Are you ready?” She asks, eyes clouded with worry but I do my best to push away my insecurity, nodding briskly; “Yes Mistress.”
“I’m turning in. You fellas have a good night.” I scoot from the booth, ignored by the three hunting amigos down the end who were now laughing about something ridiculous. I gently tap Cas’ shoulder who without hesitation followed me from the bar.
“Cas that was-” He pants against me, looking up at me through the darkness of the room and I give him a dreamy smile. “Fucking amazing?”
“What’s the special today boss?” He asks, emerging with a piece of chalk and leans on the wall, tilting his head back just a touch to give me a proper view of his long neck. God- I wanted to leave marks all over that neck of his.
Despite lack of relation, it is the way Gabriel preferred us to address each other. I place the shopping bags on the plush couch, Alfie already eyeing them as if he was waiting for instructions to move them.
It was well after 3am when I make my way back to the motel. I slip into the room silently, Sams’ bed vacant and a passed-out Dean on the latter. Climbing into the cool sheets that Sams’ bed offers rather than taking the couch, I settle down and closes my eyes.
“Cas-” The moment my name leaves his lips I draw in a ragged breath. I can’t keep coddling him. I want to be happy, and feel loved but with his broken idea of what it should be I couldn’t stand to hear another word.
What they wouldn’t see is the fraying cuffs, the slight fade of color and replaced buttons on a once exquisite suit. They wouldn’t know how carefully I store it after every Friday visit to Gabriels’ loft, who so generously provided me with the suit on my 21
“I’m sorry, Ro. I am doing my best.” I breath out and she shakes her head, tight lipped as she gently tugs me along to the bedroom, “I know you are sweet pea. Up on the bed.” She tells me, wrapping her robe tighter around her waist.
Was her ridiculous comment as she ordered a fair amount of mystery shots.
Although as his birth year pre-dated humanity, I told her he was born in ‘74. He answers a few more minute details along with setting up a password.
“Tell me, what did you dream about?” He leans close, his breath hot against the nape of my neck as he slides his palm over my briefs.
“Sam-” He breaths out gently as he leans in and wraps his arms around my neck, resting his head on my shoulder. I slide to sit beside him, pulling him closer into my arms. My fingers move to gently rub along his back comfortingly. As a group, we hardly ever cried. Cas had always been the most stoic of all of us but I could tell this really devastated him. His last string of hope he had been desperately clinging to was now gone.
“Jerk. Can I join?” He climbs over the back of the couch and flops down between us both. I could feel Cas’ eyes on me but I did my best to ignore it.
He nods. He had this look on his face as he was ever so gently opening the cookie. His eyes would slightly widen, complete and utter concentration even over the smallest of things but every time I saw it, I was mesmerized. He looks up from the paper, his blue eyes meeting mine. We sit in silence, unmoving as if we were communicating silently. His eyes were always so warm and inviting, speaking a language I never quite understand no matter how hard I try. I lean a little closer, catching a whiff of his scent. Cinnamon and cardamom mixed with peppermint. A smell I had become obsessed with over the years.
“I apologize, mistress.” I murmur and she bows her head; “I promise I will divulge more information after dinner.”
Begrudged, I agree. Now I was sipping on an ice-cold beer, settled in a quaint bar just down the road from the warehouse. The music was the usual country, not live but rather from a decade old jukebox. I gently tug at the peeling label, Cas’ interest held by whatever Dean was talking about as the other three hunters joke about the ‘old days’.
I was a little confused but I brush it off, looking down at the many books that Cas had gathered up in his arms.
I don’t know how long I stay up with her, but before I know it, she is asleep again leaning against my chest. I gently scoop her up, placing her down in my bed and pulls the blanket up over her shoulders.
I always imagined that the first time I kissed Cas it would be messy; passionate and unsure. This is certainly what I wasn’t expecting.
“You are my bitch.” He growls and I swear I would have cum in my pants if he even touched me in that moment. It was so authorative, demeaning and fucking hot.
“We don’t listen to music. Or watch television. All the simplistic pleasures from earth are not something we usually indulge in.” He responds, my eyes darting over momentarily to watch him.
“I think they need a little more time, plus I can make it up to him when I get back.”
“Damn it Cas, eat the damn piece of pie.” I shuffle closer, pushing the fork towards his lips as he wiggles around like a child.
for attention. Silently begging for relief as he gags on Crowley's cock and desperately rocks back against my hardened rod. I hold his hips down; relishing in his gagging and sloppy moans as his body gives way while he tries to comply to my erotic whim.
“Well I thought it was fascinating. Although I don’t believe inherently believe its true on all accounts, I think it is an interesting concept. I think everyone should be able to label themselves as they please.” He responds, a smile on his face.
I watch as he slowly uses one finger, typing Dean in before pressing enter. I couldn’t happen but quirk a small smirk at the flattering gesture. A smile stretches over his lips as he was handed his new plastic card. He holds onto it with two hands, following me out of the library and back to the impala.
“All right Smarmy, let’s get you sobered up.” She jumps off the bar stool, barely reaching my shoulder as she takes my hand, tugging for me to follow.
He gestures towards my hand and I look at him, quite confused. He laughs, eyes crinkling as I feel my heart leap up in my throat.
“Dean took one of them.” I breath out, my fingers dropping back to the romance novel in front of me. My fingers curl around the cover, flicking my digits over the pages. A feeling of hope fills my heart, the warmth spreading through my veins like fire. Maybe now that he was studying sexuality there might be a chance for me.
I was excited, despite my mood shifts being so erratic this evening. Drawing one of the many cardboard boxes deeper, a soft smile tugs onto my lips; “Yes please mistress.”
“Perhaps the beach is as good as I thought it would be.” He comments slyly and I shoot him a glare, “Shu’ddup.”
“Sam?” She murmurs softly and I turn my head to find her looking up at me through red-rimmed eyes. I give her a tight smile, brushing my palm gently over her cheek.
in response.
Enjoy! Be warned that this is an angsty chapter. I update every sunday :) To see what else I'm working on feel free to follow me on tumblr @sweetteamultifandom.
“Castiel, I-” He breathes out, his body literally shaking from what I can only assume is grace and lust. He drags me closer by my tie, all but humping my leg as he grapples at my collar. He pretty much tears my clothes off; biting,
But that didn’t stop me from wanting to throw his phone out the window and lock his feathery ass up in his room till the end of time.
“I’m fine.” I grumble, standing up. With a scrape of my chair and snatching up my jacket, heading to snatch up Babys’ keys. I could feel his eyes follow me out of the room. Fresh air seems like a good idea and maybe a walk around the mall might be great for inspiration.
It has been such a long time since I had slept with someone beside me. I hold her close, my nose buried into her mess of hair to inhale her natural scent of sweet honey.
“I may not. But I know how people like you are. I understand you are still mourning the loss of your partner. I’m sorry by the way.” She breaths out softly, “But I think you are too heavily involved in whatever is between your brother and this guy. This is obviously very messy and I think your brother will now blame you for why he isn’t with Castiel. So maybe you should take a step back for a while.”
The view is absolutely breath taking; thousands of years' worth of rocks that have eroded and broken down over the centuries, are now dusted with snow as far as the eye can see. Even though the sky was grey, slithers of lights peeked through the clouds to illuminate the dark valleys.
I remained still, even as he flicked on the bedside lamp to illuminate the small room. His eyes flickered, showing me that flash of emerald and my heart stops dead. His gaze ran down over my exposed form like he was planning to devour me. I hastily rip my arm from his grip and pulled the sheet up to cover my chest.
“I know, I know, I'm sorry. -”
I continue my train of thought, lazily getting lost in the class overviews that I had read about earlier that morning on the bus. It wasn’t until the water became lukewarm and my fingers started to crinkle that I even realized I had spent longer than usual in the shower. Turning the nozzles off, I shake out my mop of wet hair and dries myself down. Pulling out my small grooming kit, I get to work on preparing for the evening ahead.
*Dean's POV*
He lets out another angelic moan which only pushes me to try and gather a louder reaction. I slip him between my lips, hollowing my cheeks and grabs onto his hips to allow myself to try to take all of him in. I relax my jaw, trying to steady my breathing through my nose. I had lost practice but in this moment I wanted to please him. That was all I could focus on.
“I think it’s just my blatant stupidity towards family loyalty to be honest.” I respond and the cab pulls to a halt. I dig around in my pocket and passes the driver cash. Slipping from the car, I stretch out my long limbs and shivers slightly from the settling cold. I feel Cas’ hand slip into mine yet again, his shoulders slightly slumped.
I sit up a little straighter, clearing my throat; “Mistress selected some clothes to wear for me this evening.”
We stay that way for the rest of the trip. The cool day that was previously sunny is now threatening with grey clouds and cold winds as the hours tick by. I pull into the almost empty parking lot. He leans down to slide off his scuffed dress shoes and rolls up the end of his slacks. I follow his lead, stepping out of the car as he hesitantly slides out, stepping from the concrete to the greyish sand. I shrug on my jacket, crossing my arms to block out the gush of window.
Her tears dry up and she nuzzles into my shoulder a little, hiccupping. “I am so sorry I woke you up.’ She mumbles.
“Because we both needed it. My intentions are private regardless. It shouldn’t matter to you what I do. We are just friends, right?” The words sound even worse pulling from his lips. Like a dagger through my heart but he was right. Who was I to tell him off for acting on his human urges for comfort?
Breakfast the next morning is laced with tension and unsaid words. I hide behind the box of cereal, my bowl full as I gently brush my spoon over the chocolate pieces. Dean is hunched over his omelets, eyes downcast and curled into a thick mix of shame and regret, shaken up by a hangover.
I pat myself down, trying not to stare as he pulls his clothes on. When the warmth of my jacket finally stops my shaking, I brush my fingers through my hair to smooth it out.
“I’m going to bed, enjoy your sport dummy.” I stand up, stretching my arms out above my head with a groan.
riding one at that.
I make my way quickly through the room blindly, letting out a grunt as I run into the kitchen island. As silently as possible, I pull down a glass and fills it to the brim with water.
“Now, you only want to do this when the car is cool. Understand? It is to prevent corrosion within the engine.” I nod along, trying to take in the information and store it for a later date. “It is a 1 to 1 ratio with water usually, but I grabbed a premix bottle by mistake in my last run to the store.” He comments, being ever so gentle as he poured it inside a small bottle within the vehicle. “The coolant is stored next to the radiator. Be careful not to touch this even if the car is overheating when it is hot, ok? Even if you manage to get the cap off without burning yourself, you may possibly get steam burn.” He warns as I lean closer to observe the inner workings.
His eye brows furrow slightly and I feel a sudden warmth flood my body. It starts off as a gentle tingle, spreading out to the tips of my fingers and toes and I can no longer feel the cold. A smile spreads across my lips, “Woah, that’s awesome.”
I nod, remembering in fact that I had picked the date off the top of my head at that moment in time.
“Dean took me to the library.” I respond, taking a sip of the heated tea.
“Good night Cassie. Text me to let me know you arrived home safely ok?” She fidgets a little with her night gown. Stepping forth, I press a kiss to the top of her head. “Alfie will be here soon. Take a rest.” I tell her and she nods. With a wave, I slip from her apartment and heads home.
I couldn’t help a small chuckle as I slip from the room to go to my own. My room was bare like any other; a single bed pushed against the wall, a drawer set and a lamp sitting juxta opposed. It was spacious in its own sense but if I could have it my way, I would fill it with books and cats. Cats had always been an absolute secret obsession of mine and since Sam had shown me how to use the YouTube, my craving to have a furry friend of my own had grown immensely.
I nod, deciding to trust her as she slips her hand into mine. Being careful, she trudges through the icy mud and pulls me along a path that seems familiar to her.
“Meg, you have always known it’s never that easy.”
“Maybe.” His lips tug up into a sheepish smile and I couldn’t help but follow suit as I quirk a brow.
“It wasn’t a suggestion, Castiel. Try it.” My voice was a little firmer and he clicked his tongue. It was the first flash of the much harder, sarcastic Cas I knew him to be underneath his polite exterior. It was always niceties at first but I saw his little smirks and snickers at my comments I would make to others.
A demon, who would have thought I would be this much of a mess over one?
I just nod, my jaw clenching a little and curls into her warmth. It was comforting, but not what I was craving. I wanted a firm chest, strong arms and the musky scent of a man.
I nod, taking her words in. Was I really that transparent of a person? Had I lost my youth and sense of wonder so young to the point that I no longer enjoyed the little things? Had I really become so numb and having given up on everything good for my future?
“Yeah. I ran into them a few times when Dad and I were out hunting a few years ago. I will go talk to them, yeah? Meet me at the car.” He gives me a short smile before slipping away to talk to the hunters.
“Well, I’m not going to say no.” He responds, slipping off his coat without another word. Dean whimpers, pawing at Crowleys’ thighs the second he kneels onto the bed. He was desperate and it was absolutely beautiful.
I feel a sense of relief, having the anxiety slip from my grasp as she straightens a little and her familiar switch of tone has me melting into a puddle of relief.
“According to this theory that Sigmund Freud had, he believed that everyone is born as varying degrees of Bisexual. He calls it innate Bisexuality. He theorized that everyone swings both ways to different extents. So even if you are 99% straight, there may be that one person out there in the world that could change your mind.”
“You should know out of scene that doesn’t work with me.” I tease lightly, jabbing her waist and she grins up at me.
She laughs, her eyes creasing up in the corners in amusement; “Gabriel.”
“It’s ok, I’ve got you.” I wasn’t sure if it is just a vivid dream but I breath in a musky scent, my vision still black. Dean. I feel my body be lifted from the ground, my head lolling back as I weakly attempt to grip at his shirt. And then everything fades away again.
I swear and Cas just laughs as he watches me stumble from the water and awkwardly bundles up my sandy clothes. I make my way to the Impala where I fish out two towels and passes one to the grinning angel.
Placing my hands on his chest, I gently break the intimate kiss. I could feel the vulnerability of the moment, the thick tension between us as he pants softly. I am met with a confused Cas, parted, swollen lips and a look in his eyes that twisted my very core. The look on his face contorts to absolute rejection.
“Is there a reason you are looking into your sexuality now?” His question is gentle and I feel that doubt creep back in and settle on my chest like a weight.
He grabs my hands and pins them down, not allowing me to touch and rip open that god forsaken uniform. I let out an uncharacteristic whine and I swear I could feel his smirk against my lips.
I never got over mourning him. I still carried him with a heavy heart each day, despite the fact I thought that by gathering intimacy from strangers and Cas, it would somehow fill the hole he left behind.
I pull into the car park, turning off the impala with a soft click. Climbing out, I adjust my jacket and ruffles out my hair. I rarely came to the library, this was really more of Sam's thing. But the look on Cas’ face was so worth it. He looked like I had just taken him to Disney land. I almost had to jog to keep up with his fast pace as he made a beeline to the entrance.
“Um...” I dig into my pocket, gently pulling out the braided bracelet. I brush my fingers over the familiar gold cut wings, my eyes tentatively meeting hers. Her whole face softens, taking the bracelet from my hand. No words were needed; She could read me like an open book. She brushes her fingers over my wrist in an intimate manner, working on a rather intricate knot. She moves with such poised grace, her slender fingers braiding together the band like she has been doing it for years. Her usually hardened exterior now much softer as her lips remain in a slight downturn.
