Cas loved Deans little moans and he loved that he is allowed to fuck Dean whenever he wanted, he just has to ask. He pushed his finger in and out, took a second and a third finger, opened and scissored Dean very good. Dean moaned and his dick got very hard, very fast.
“Cas! Is that… jeez, is that a piercing?” he asked and Cas nodded, but Dean of course  couldn't see it.
Dean was so in-tune with him and Cas couldn’t help but fall deeper and deeper in love each day. Since the beginning, when Dean got rid of that very first moth, Cas knew he was in trouble. He knew that little boy swinging around on the jungle gym at the public playground had his heart, and he couldn’t be happier. He’d been afraid, for so long, that Dean didn’t return his feelings, but he just couldn’t help himself. He did the only thing his heart was telling him to do.
Cas looks after him and sighs. He should be happy… he’s getting married! So why isn’t he happy like he’s supposed to be? He shrugs his thoughts off and drinks another shot, trying to have fun with his friends.
As one of his jobs as the best man, he prepared Cas’ bachelor party to the fullest. And while he was possibly biased, he really did a good job. They went to a reading from Cas' favourite author, including a Meet and Greet with him, followed by dinner but of course, Dean couldn’t make a bachelor party without a party.
“Were you a boy scout?”
“Of course I will, you taught me well.”
“Are these voices telling you to hurt someone?” Dean asked, stepping away.
“Something on your mind?” Dean asked softly, keeping his gaze towards the ceiling.
Cas followed him, grabbing their duffle bags. As they walked, Dean handed Cas the second set of keys. Their room was a few doors from the main office and as soon as Dean unlocked the door, they were greeted by cool air. Apparently, one of the staff members had thought to turn on the air conditioning for them.
. How was he supposed to explain that?
“Yeah,” Sam nearly scoffed. “Again, not breaking news. “Metatron is also off the grid,” he informed Dean, looking back to his laptop. “He stole your car in Blaine, Missouri, right?”
“Found a diner down the street,” Dean said, pulling out another sandwich from the bag which no doubt was a cheeseburger. “Sit down, you gotta be starving, too.”
“Uh-huh,” Cas said knowingly, starting to undo the Continental’s gas cap. “What's wrong with you?”
“I hope not. Otherwise I'm not cooking for you again,” Dean scoffed.
“So alcohol and women will be your vice.”
“Dean,” Cas started slowly. “There aren’t words…,”
“I gotta go,” he told her, not sure why he annoyed.
“Why? You look fine.”
“Restless. You want to go out? I saw a bar down the street when I got us dinner. We could get a couple drinks.”
“Are you okay?” Sam asked, ignoring Dean’s glare. Of course he wasn’t okay. Who would be after that?
“You still haven’t told me what Fortune Nookie means.”
Cas read the song titles in the display of the jukebox. Most songs were about being broken hearted after losing someone. None of which appealed to him. He wasn't exactly broken hearted since technically he didn't have Dean to lose him. Discouraged, he returned to his seat.
They found a gas station down the street. As promised, Cas went inside to pay for both vehicles. Coming out, he stopped in his tracks for a moment. Some woman stood next to Dean, talking to him, obviously openly flirting with him. Her fingers twirled in her hair while her other hand rested on Dean's arm. He was unable to hear what they were talking about, but Dean was obviously making jokes, hearing Dean's laughter.
Any further concerns about Fortune Nookie were dashed when he felt the spell taking hold of him again. Remnants of memory from when Rowena cursed him came rushing to the surface. Thankfully he didn’t have any more convulsions. Feeling worn out, he folded his arms on the table, laying his head down on top of them. He must have dozed off since the next thing he knew Dean was gently shaking him awake.
“Yeah,” Dean scoffed, “cause I'm not letting you drive a death machine.”
Dean didn't reply just stared at him. Cas met Dean’s gaze with his own.
“Huh?” he asked dumbly.
“Hey… Cas? C’mon, time to wake up,” Dean said softly, not wanting to startle him.
“You’re still cranky.”
come from, dude?” Dean asked, confusion heavy in his tone.
Cas hesitated for a couple seconds, glancing at the two other empty chairs on the other side of the table.
“Trust me?” Dean whispered.
Pushing off the door, he stripped quickly and turned on the shower. He stepped under the spray, letting his head fall down to enjoy the water hitting his shoulder blades. Goddamn it, what the hell was wrong with him? He began washing himself, his hand lingering on his erection. He had a moment of debate, then lathered one hand up and wrapped it around his cock. He stroking the length slowly, a gruff moan echoing softly, and he hoped the sound was hidden by the sound of the shower. Moving his hand back up, Dean’s head tipped back as he twisted the head of his cock. He braced his other hand against the wall to keep from stumbling.
“Figured it'd come in handy for the toll roads,” John said, shrugging off his thanks like only John Winchester could. Castiel smiled at him, knowing how the tolls had been the fiasco for him and Dean last time they drove West. It had been a mad scramble for cash when they realized that despite many states having the option of E-Z pass, it was not an option from Kansas to California.
“Just promise you'll have bacon once in awhile. Or even sausage.”
“Doubtful. She's in California and I'm in Kansas,” Dean answered, scrolling on his phone. “Here we go. The address for the hotel. Show me that electronic doo-dad of yours.”
Cas came back out of the bathroom, leaning against the doorframe, watching as Dean finally managed to sit up and put his shirt back on silently.
“Yeah,” Sam repeated. “Uh, no accidents, incidents, violations, or anything remotely interesting involving a crappy ‘78 Continental Mark V.”
Dean’s heart both sank and soared which only confused him. “What about that one guy last summer? What was his name… Inez?”
“I believe I have everything. I'll just put my towel and clothes in a plastic bag.”
Cas just gave him a look as they approached the counter. Dean being Dean didn't let that stop him. He stood right behind him, leaning down to breathe in his ear. “I bet you’d look awesome in one,” he whispered.
seriously. Cas had never seen anyone eat as much as Dean and not have a weight problem. Dean always laughed off the comments, saying he had no problems burning the calories off, while Cas just rolled his eyes. Dean wasn't exactly the Lothario he often tried portraying, nor was he exactly a monk. Though… Cas couldn't remember the last time Dean actively went out specifically to find a female bedmate for the night.
“What are you doing?” Cas panicked. Did Dean sense something?
“You asshole,” Dean laughed along with him.
“A shut-in for centuries, former Scribe of God. You  wouldn’t think he would be a good driver,” Cas commented. It might have been comical at any other time.
alone. On second thought, it would be cruel having a dog be alone for hours while he was at work... There were always fish. Then he remembered the five goldfish his mom had flushed down the toilet when he was twelve, indicating he wasn't always diligent in remembering to feed them. If he closed his eyes, he could still imagine the horror he felt as they were flushed.
what happened, but I don’t know why. I liked it. Really liked it, in fact. But I’m not sure we should… do that again.”
Silence fell between them again, though this time it wasn’t as awkward. Dean moved to look out the window again, watching nothing in particular.
This was how their friendship was supposed to be, easy teasing banter between them. Cas hated when anything upset the scales in his life and experiencing Dean's aversion to anything questioning his sexuality was enough for Cas to avoid the topic altogether. From here on out, Cas vowed he would work harder at suppressing his growing crush. Dean's friendship was too important.
was his constant mantra as he walked to the car. Once he got in the car, Cindy walked past the front of the car, waving as she returned to her car. Dean waved in return, quickly glancing towards the van to make sure Cas didn't see but, thankfully, he wasn't paying attention, not wanting to piss him off again.
“Shut up,” Dean told Cas, sounding embarrassed.
They managed to get him back up in his chair, Dean telling Sam they needed to find that witch as he bent down to pick up Cas’ blanket. Naturally, Cas asked what he could do to help but Sam squashed any ideas Cas may have had, telling him to sit there and take a breather. Dean quickly hugged Cas from behind under the pretense of wrapping the blanket around him.
“Do you need anything?” Chuck asked, smiling at his wife's antics and meeting his son’s eyes over her shoulder.
How idiotic he was. Dean was obviously straight. For a moment forgetting, allowing himself to revel in Dean's attention at the restaurant. He didn't need the reminder nor wanting to witness Dean's shameless flirting either. He slowly made his way back to the truck on the other side of the pump of Dean's car, mentally praying they wouldn't notice him. But he never had the best of luck.
“It's the same choices everywhere. Eggs, toast, bacon. Eggs, toast, sausage. How much eggs must we consume?”
“I'm sure I’ll find
Cas stroked the soft skin of Dean's stomach, fingers trailing along the thin strip of dark hair that dipped below the hem of his jeans. He’d never heard Dean sounding so desperate. Moving down from Dean's neck, Cas kissed down his chest softly, moving down his stomach, past his hips, as he shifted Dean’s jeans open and down. He kissed down until his nose brushed Dean's erection through his underwear. The desperate pleas coming from Dean was intoxicating and Cas was half tempted to tease Dean a bit by touching him over his underwear. But he just
“Dean?”
Cas came out of the bathroom fifteen minutes later and threw his toothbrush into his bag, holding onto his tee shirt. He hesitated for only a moment before asking, “Can you put more of that cream on me? I'd rather get ahead of any pain.”
Cas couldn’t even say
“I think we're making good time. We only got a couple more hours before we hit Goodland,” Cas said suddenly.
“You're not having second thoughts again, are you?”
“Sshh,” Cas whispered, “I got you.”
“No. And I'm not impetulant.”
Dean cleaned up their trash from dinner, saving both their drinks and laid down on the smaller bed. It wasn't fair Cas always got stuck with it. He glanced at the bathroom door, trying not to imagine Cas naked on the other side of the door. He closed his eyes and tried thinking of something else to distract him. The room suddenly felt too hot, too claustrophobic. He got up and went to the desk to write Cas a note saying he went out and be back later. He tucked the corner of the note under Cas’ bag so he would be sure to see it. Grabbing the keys and keycard, he made his way out to head back to the bar they were at earlier.
Cas huffed softly in laughter, eyes shining brightly. “I capisce.”
“I don't want to,” Cas protested in a sleepy voice.
“Whatever.”
Dean didn't move as he looked at Cas who kept his eyes forward. “Cas, I probably shouldn't have. I don't have a reason or an excuse to give you. Just don't ask me why, okay? ‘Cause I can't tell you why.”
Cas knew that Dean was upset about losing his job and was panicked about trying to find a new shop in the area that would take him on. He needn't have worried at all; to Dean's surprise, Walt talked about Dean to an old friend, but Rufus Turner was too stubborn to retire. Walt often joked how Rufus was probably too stubborn to even die. So, Dean drove the three hours to Lebanon to talk to the man.
“Do we even have cards?”
“You clean up and I'll take the last few boxes down. You need anything out of them?”
“I believe he made a fairly definitive statement when we walked away,” Cas said, standing up, his blanket still around him. His attempt at walking was halted by the chains still attached to his ankle. Cas sighed softly, glaring at the chains.
“We’re doing everything to find her, okay?” Dean snapped. He didn’t need to be reminded just how important it was to find that ginger-haired bitch. “But so far we got nothing.”
Dean ended up finding a Wal-Mart just a block away. He hated the confusing aisles and felt triumphant when he finally found the pain relievers. He grabbed a box of Tylenol as well as pain cream, wondering if Cas would permit him applying the cream to him. So he had ulterior motives, sue him.
Seeing Cas on the phone, Dean indicated he was going inside to register them. Cas nodded as he started talking, “Hi, Mom… we just got here. Dean's getting the keys…” He paused, listening to Naomi on the other end.
“Uh, yeah. I'll take the cheeseburger,” Dean answered, eyes scanning the manu once more. “Oh! And an order of fries.”
Fuck. Dean’s head was spinning. He didn't know what possessed him to start touching Cas, but just couldn't
He hated this new awkwardness between them, not even sure what the problem
Whoa. No way. Was Cas
“Yeah, so? I didn't exactly break the bank there.” Though he did pull in a lot of overtime, as much as he could, to help with pay for the rooms.
“This is it,” Dean confirmed.
Dean felt his cheeks burning. What the hell was wrong with him? And by judging the look on Cas’ face, Dean knew Cas was embarrassed for him. Hell, he was embarrassed for
Dean's breath tickled Cas’ ear, making him scrunch his shoulders up. “Dean,” he warned.
Wordlessly, Dean made his way to his room, the door standing ajar. Slowly pushing the door the rest of the way open, he was greeted by the sight of Cas sitting on the bed. His trenchcoat was off, hanging neatly over the back of the desk chair, and he was watching Dean.
Cas groaned in pain, clutching his head. “It’s difficult with these voices.”
They finally stopped for lunch around one o’clock just to avoid the lunch rush, managing to find a Denny’s. Dean got a breakfast and Cas ordered soup and a sandwich. Dean noted Cas seemed in a better mood by the time he finished his soup. Maybe all he needed was a change of menu choices. Hell, he’d buy the guy a week’s worth of soup if it made Cas smile.
Cas burst out laughing and start squirming as Dean started tickling his sides. “Dean!” He shouted in between laughter, thrashing between Dean’s spread legs.
“Hey, I make no apologies for my love of bacon, pie, or good music.” Castiel shook his head with a smile.
“You're taking the bag in the van with you. Damned if I'm smelling your sweaty socks till we reach Vegas,” Dean teased.
“The Darkness is almost infinite power,” Cas answered, “I’m not sure what ‘growing up’ means in this case.”
Cas smirked at him, turning to go back up to the apartment when Dean retaliated for his snarky comment. He poked both of Cas’ sides, squealing and twisting to get away from Dean's tickling fingers, ending up bumping into the van.
“Waiting on you... as usual,” Cas teased.
“Oh, Castiel. I can't believe my baby is moving so far away,” Naomi sighed sadly, pulling him into a hug.
“What's wrong with you?” Cas asked with concern.
Finally making it back to the apartment complex, the sun was now fully shining as he crossed the parking lot towards the unit he shared with Dean, knowing he would probably still be asleep. Dean wasn’t exactly a morning person, refusing to move or do anything until he had at least two cups of coffee. Pulling his keys out of his running shorts’ pocket, Cas jogged up the stairs to the second level. A few people passed him with genuine smiles as they made their way to work and he nodded back politely until he reached the landing. Unlocking his door, he was surprised to see Dean sitting at the small round corner kitchen table already dressed and drinking his coffee from an overly large mug. The mug had been a gag gift for Dean's last birthday, though Dean accepted it readily and claimed it made the perfect coffee mug, especially when he had to be up early.
Cas had escaped. How wasn’t as important as where to. Thankfully, he had turned on Cas’ phone’s GPS awhile back which was now proving to be helpful. Dean soon found him in a warehouse, already attacking a woman, her screams loud enough to attract Dean’s attention from outside. Thankfully, he was able to convince Cas to release the woman before he had a chance to really harm her. He had no idea what the next step was except for trying to convince Cas to come back to the bunker with him. Unfortunately, Cas wasn’t open to that idea, attacking him instead. Or kicking Dean’s ass if the bruises were anything to go by. Just as quickly as Cas had attacked, it was over. The next thing Dean knew Cas looking at his hands in confusion, still growling. Hearing additional voices, he looked up to see Sam standing in the doorway with his gun pointed at Rowena’s head, reminding her about witch-killing bullets. A little bit more Latin and it was over. At least until another seizure overcame Cas and Dean was once again forced to watch helplessly, petrified that she had only made things worse.
“He’s not going to deliver Rowena to us just so she can lift the spell,“ Cas told him glumly. “He’d rather let it do whatever it’s gonna do to me.”
“Would you relax? I told you I wouldn't tickle you and I won't.”
She offers no answers, watching him silently. The roaring has died down, and he can hear Sam calling his name. Suddenly there is sunshine, and he’s blinking as he returns to  consciousness. Where the hell had the smoke and the woman gone? Standing shakily, he grabs Sam’s arm for balance, looking around in confusion.
“Right. San Francisco. This here's my buddy Cas,” he introduced formally.
“Ready?” Dean asked, meeting Cas’ eyes through his reflection.
left Dean unemployed.
Cindy held her hand out to him. Dean quickly looked back to her, glancing down at her hand, not catching on.
Sam’s eyebrow lifted slightly, calling out his name. Cas managed to look at him.
“And our hotel?” Cas asked.
Dean sat up and looked at him. “You're seriously not buying me clothes.”
“No, I know. But some things aren't provided. Plates, glasses, silverware. Bath towels, washcloths, things of that nature.”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas greeted him softly.
“Not my fault you're so damn ticklish,” Dean grinned. He couldn’t remember how he got started tickling Cas but now it was almost compulsory.
Just like that, nothing changed between Cas and Dean. Mary managed to talk him into telling his parents. Surprisingly, his parents already had an inkling and just like with Mary, it didn't matter. He was the same person they knew and loved and that was that.
“I'll give you guys a moment,” she told them, off to retrieve their drinks.
. During their last visit, Dean fell in love with the steak and mashed potatoes, even surprising Cas by ordering the green beans. Dean was notorious for avoiding vegetables like the plague. Cas remembered how well he liked their ribs, already deciding on that. It wasn't too crowded for a Monday night. Deciding on a table in the corner, a server came over a few minutes later.
“Besides, we got bigger fish to fry,” Dean reminded them, lowering his ice pack once again.
“Same as last time. The America's Best. It had that restaurant by it, remember?”
Dean grabbed him by the sleeve of his trenchcoat tightly. “Listen to me, Cas. I’m fine, okay? Just bumps and bruises, okay? You’ve kicked my ass before, all right? There’s nothing to forgive. I’m just glad it’s over. I hated seeing what it was doing to you.”
“We want to get on the road sometime, right?”
Both of them rushed to Cas’ side, Dean laying his hand on Cas’ shoulder. Helplessness and fear washed over him, continuously calling out Cas’ name with no reaction. After a few long minutes (had it been minutes? It felt like hours), Sam tried saying Cas’ name again, hoping to get him to respond. Dean’s heart was racing, unsure what to do to help but unable to move either. Cas’ eyes slowly opened, looking at Sam.
“Your bedroom. Try there. Cas didn’t say anything, but that’s the direction he was headed.”
“Where you boys stopping at?” John asked.
Cas turned his head slightly to look at him. Instead of answering, he leaned forward to kiss Dean, slowly at first until there was no longer any doubt lingering between them as the kisses grew more passionate. Cas loved this man with everything in him. Nothing in Heaven or on Earth would ever compare to what he felt for this man. The one he had been sent to rescue from the depths of Hell. All his time spent observing humanity had done little to prepare him for Dean Winchester. He wasn’t the devout religious man that Jimmy Novak had been. Dean was full of anger and stubbornness, but Cas saw the beauty of his soul like no other. The need to protect his loved ones, Castiel himself included, as well as his courage and his strong sense of what was right. These were the things that had made him fall in love with Dean Winchester. It had taken Castiel by surprise when he realized his feelings for the man. It wasn’t unheard of for angels to fall for humans, despite it being forbidden. Castiel now fully understood the saying, ‘the heart wants what the heart wants’. And right now, all he wanted was to be with Dean. To feel him from the inside, knowing neither of them wanted anything more than they wanted each other.
Cas huffed softly as he chuckled, thankful he still didn’t have a mouthful of water. “Got it.” He smiled, shaking his head. “Oceans of coffee and enough bacon to clog your arteries.”
Dean loved working on cars. He’d been watching and helping his dad working on them since he was old enough to hold a wrench. John worked as a mechanic as well until about three years ago after his leg got shattered when a jack broke and a car fell on him Multiple surgeries fixed him as best as they could, but he still walked with a slight limp and had too much pain to get down on the ground and work on engines the way he used to. It ended his career as a mechanic.
“Scout’s honor.”
“You gotta admit, it's not Baby.”
“Well, the big question is; where in the hell is she?” Dean turned in his seat, wiping his lower lip with the back of his thumb, groaning softly.
“I'm not used to driving for long periods of time,” Cas argued.
“Hey, snow days are awesome. Sleep in. Goof off by watching TV. Eat snacks till your stomach bursts. Awesome. What brought that memory?”
“Oh, all right,” she said softly. Tears started springing up in her eyes as she hugged Cas tightly again, his dad joining in for a group hug.
Oh, he had no intention of stopping. Driving Dean wild was absolutely on the morning’s agenda. He kept sucking, gently rolling one of Dean's balls with his hand. If he’d been loud crying out before, it was nothing compared to now. Dean actually
“Yeah, what's that?”
“Great,” he groaned as Dean laughed.
“And you do a very fine job, Dean,” he reassured Dean who promptly flipped him off.
“See?” He snapped his fingers, pointing at him. “I always knew you were high maintenance.”
“You about ready?” Dean asked, finishing his pie.
Cas turned away quickly so Dean didn't see Cas’ shy smile. He decided trying not to let Dean get to him. Now if he could get his body to cooperate. He made his way to the bathroom for his shower as well as needing some distance from Dean. God, he was utterly pathetic. One smile, one wink from the man and he turned to utter mush. Damn it, he needed to learn self control. Getting undressed, he stepped into the shower.
“You? Sentimental? Like driving your granddad's old heap of junk? Yeah, haven't noticed.” Dean laughed at his joke.
“Back on your stomach. C’mon, stop looking at me funny.”
“Um… yeah,” Dean smiled weakly, “I’m good.”
Both Sam and Dean helped Cas outside before deciding Dean would wait with Cas there while Sam went to retrieve the Impala. On impulse, Dean shouted out to Sam about being extra careful with driving her. The streets were quiet as it grew later, the air growing a bit more chilly. He wrapped an arm around Cas, making sure he was warm. It wasn’t too long before they heard the rumble of the Impala’s engine a few minutes before she came into view. Hopping out, Sam helped Dean get Cas settled in the back seat before sliding into the passenger seat.
Yes, behave, Cas prayed to himself. Behave heart which was racing. And definitely behave body which now felt like a livewire, starting to feel him harden. He loved Dean's playful side at times, easily making Cas laugh. But now Cas was fighting an uphill battle of keeping his feelings in check, afraid what Dean's reaction would be if he saw the effect he had on Cas’ body. Thankfully, Dean stepped away from him. Cas quietly exhaled, trying to compose himself. Damn it, Dean was frustrating.
“Well, not
Cas slowly looked at Dean. “You are aware that's a female’s name, right? And
we don't know when we'll stop for lunch,” Cas answered as if he was frustrated, despite smiling.
Fuck. Seeing the change in Dean’s behavior, Cas’ first thought was he screwed up and now his friendship was going to pay the price. For one moment he let his feelings get the best of him and now Dean was disgusted with himself as well as him.
“You almost sound like the wicked witch, Cas,” he laughed.
Dean startled a bit at the smack, glaring as Cas laughed. “Asshole,” he grumbled, sitting up as he rubbed his eye with his finger.
“Stahahahahop,” Cas pleaded as he laughed, trying unsuccessfully to get away. “Plehahahahahse! PLEASE!”
He wished he could be more like Dean... New places never unnerved him like they did Cas. Dean always exuded confidence and charm when talking to new people. Gabriel used to tease Cas, poking fun and questioning how he could become a reporter if he didn't like talking to people? It wasn't entirely true; he didn’t mind talking to people, but rather he often was odd man out in situations. People weren't drawn to extensive conversations with him. He wasn't familiar with pop culture and it seemed that was what everyone was talking about. This celebrity dating that one, this couple breaking up. Did that really matter in the grand scheme of things? Where was that same interest about the real things of the world?
Cas swallowed his disappointment, glad he’d kept his gaze away from Dean’s face. He hoped the side profile Dean could see had maintained an air of indifference, despite the feeling of his heart shattering in his chest. “I see. I suppose being thought of as being gay would be an insult.”
“I'll follow you to the diner, then we'll switch vehicles at my mom's.”
“I don't know.” Cas sighed again. “I just feel….”
“He was God’s scribe,” Sam tried pointing out. “He did hear about everything.”
“You’re right,” Dean cut in. “There aren’t words. ‘Cause there’s no need. You were under a spell. It's fine.” Picking up the ice pack again, he continued icing his head.
Dean’s left leg nudged Cas’ leg, indicating for him to open wider. Cas’ blue eyes were wide and watching as Dean opened the lube bottle with a soft pop, dribbling a quarter size amount in the palm of his hand before spreading it along his index finger. Reaching next to him, Cas grabbed the pillow, lifting his hips up so Dean could slide the pillow in place underneath the small of Cas’ back. Inching on his knees on the bed, getting himself in place as Cas brought both knees closer to his chest, wrapping his arms around them, needing to hold onto something while Dean would be prepping him. God, how he loved this, Dean determined to pull every scream out of him. No doubt without his grace to help him, Cas would come the second Dean’s tongue dipped inside him. The only sound was Dean’s continued undressing, his jeans tossed aside. Laying down at the foot of the bed, Dean maneuvered into place right by the pillow so Cas’ ass was within reach. His clean hand gently wrapped around Cas’ cock again as the lubed finger began circling just outside of Cas’ hole, stroking as well as teasing, Cas’ grace made it so preparation wasn’t necessary, but it was more for Dean’s reassurance that he wouldn’t be hurting Cas.
“Dude, I’m sorry, all right?” Dean told him, sitting down across from him. “I… don't know why I did it. I really don’t.”
Understanding like he always seemed to do, Dean groaned. “Cas,
“Hi, Cas,” Cindy greeted him, wiggling her fingers in a wave but wasn’t looking at him, instead her attention was all on Dean.
Cas just gave him a hard glare as their food arrived. Neither said anything as they ate; Cas sat listening to the sounds of the diner around them, the soft mingling of conversations from other patrons. The clinking of silverware on dishes, the puttering of the ancient air conditioner which hung in the corner, were sounds that reminded him of the home he grew up in. It was a place where he’d made wonderful friendships. Since accepting the job in Los Angeles, he often wondered how he would fit in with his peers as well as the city.
“But why stop early?” Cas didn't understand and part of him wanted to get this over with as soon as possible.
“Yeah,” Cas answered, nodding once.
“A Sam Adams for me. Cas?” Dean asked, taking the menus from her, laying one in front of Cas.
“Really? That's variety.
“No,” Cas smiled, “figured I would need energy today.”
“You'll be back for Christmas. You'll see.”
“Always so bossy,” Cas teased.
“Right. Almost forgot.”
He couldn't fucking move. Even when his tee shirt landed on his stomach, he didn’t flinch. Fuck it, let it stay there for the moment. He was floating, content, happy to watch Cas put his shirt back on. The little shit actually smirked at him.
“Nothing?” Dean asked, sipping at his beer.
“Good. Now finish your breakfast so we can go see our moms,” he told him, turning back to his own plate and bumping him with his shoulder.
“Well, once I move it'll cut down I'm sure,” Dean shrugged.
“C’mon. I think you could pull it off. Might just have to get some sun, is all.”
Cas groaned, loving the sound of Dean crying out his name. He ran his tongue on the underside of Dean's cock, slowly moving down his shaft before starting to move back to the top in the same teasing manner. Dean's back kept arching as his hips met with Cas’ bobs. He wasn't going to last much longer, that Cas would make sure of. Hollowing out his cheeks, he started sucking a bit harder, moving faster.
“We were hoping your angel wiring would fight it off,” Sam said. “Or… slow it down at least.” He seemed to be as much at a loss as Dean was.
“Well, first things first. I ain't budging till I get some breakfast, all right? The whole deal; hotcakes, a mess of eggs, and a pile of bacon up to here,” Dean told him, holding his hand a foot off the table top. “And coffee. Oceans of it till I'm splashing when I'm walking.”
“Well, it’s getting worse,” Sam stage-whispered, as if Dean really needed reminding. Every zing Cas felt from the spell had Dean wincing sympathetically. Sam hated seeing Cas being affected by the spell too, but he knew it was much worse for his brother. They hadn’t really said they were together, but Sam wasn’t blind either. Cas’ whimpering and the chains rattling tauntingly as he moved echoed softly. Sam wished there was something he could do to make the situation easier for his friend.
“Oh, geez,” Dean sighed, rolling his eyes, “can we go now?”
“Let us worry about him, all right? Right now, you’re too much of an easy target for him.”
“I won't leave you. I promise,” Dean chuckled as he walked away towards the car. “Not that it's capable of speeding away.”
“Next ruby slippers I see, they’re yours.”
Dean remained sitting at the table after Cas disappeared to the bathroom, finishing his coffee. Already, he dreaded the return trip home. He would be taking the van back to Kansas before using it for his own move. However, Dean couldn't say he was overly excited about his new job... Oh, don't get him wrong, he loved working on vehicles. It was just the realization that he would now be going home to an empty apartment at night that he was less than thrilled about.
“No boring breakfast loaded with more fiber than actual, tasty carbs?” Dean teased.
“Just think about it,” he continued.
Dean shrugged, looking back down, easily dismissing Cas’ comment.
Sam shot Dean a quick bitch face for the stupidity of the question before returning his attention back to their friend. “Cas, what was that? You scared the crap out of us.”
“Yes, ma'am. I'll be sure to call you. And you, too, Mom,” Cas turned his head to Naomi, adding his reassurance quickly. She gave a small, watery smile and nodded.
Cas groaned, bracing himself for another onslaught, tightening his arms against his sides and hoping to deter Dean. “Please, don’t,” he pleaded earnestly, still trying to get away.
Dean’s hand stroked Cas’ cock too slow to do anything but add to the teasing that his finger was  doing to Cas’ hole. Moans as well as conflicting pleas escaped as Cas grabbed fistfuls of the comforter underneath them. Pleas for more as well as begging for him to stop teasing. Dean chose to listen to the pleas for more, finally bending down to flick his tongue along the edges of Cas’ hole, stroking Cas a little faster.
While it seemed to be a lonely existence -- at least in his brother's opinion -- there was one person with whom Cas was actually close with: his best friend since grade school, Dean Winchester. With their houses across the street from each other, it wasn't uncommon for them to be at the other's house. They shared typical childhood experiences of sleepovers, playing ball in each other's yards, catching lightning bugs once it was dark. They were treasured memories and Cas knew he would truly miss his best friend.
“Hey, did I lose you again?”
“Of course you can. It's a gift,” Mary reassured him, pushing his hand away gently.
“No. No, absolutely not. You stop right there,” Cas told him firmly as he walked backwards. “Dean, I mean it.”
With Dean's insistence, Cas headed back to the room while he hit the drug store. Cas didn't realize how much he was hurting until he actually started soaking. A deep moan of appreciation escaped as he slid down underneath the water. He laid his head against the wall and closed his eyes. The water was just fantastic and he didn't want to move. Ever.
Both Sam and Dean continued their search for more information on the Darkness or where Rowena might be holed up with little to no results. Finally Dean thought of contacting Crowley. After all, the demon seemed to have a knack for knowing things, so just maybe he knew where his mother might be. Especially since she was determined to see her only child dead.
Cas led the way to his parents’ house and being in front allowed him to check the van’s side mirror, reassured at seeing the Continental trailing behind him in the reflection. They drove past Centennial Park and he smiled as he remembered playing there with Dean, sometimes even Gabriel, as a child. Hours had been spent on the playground or in the grass tossing a baseball back and forth. He’d even learned how to play tennis on the courts which had since been removed and now housed a skating park in its place. That had definitely been something Cas had no interest in learning. He smiled fondly as he left the park behind in the rearview mirror, knowing their parent’s houses would be another five minutes down the road.
“Well, are you done or are you too busy flirting?” Cas hoped he didn’t sound bitter.
“There's no face,” Cas reassured him, turning on his stool again to face forward. “Just thinking about Gabe and Amara.”
“I’m not doing anything but standing here. You're the one bouncing around me.”
It wasn't a phase, he wasn't confused. He was a twelve-year-old gay boy and he was scared everyone was going to hate him.
“No!” Cas spun around, facing him, laughing.
“I thought my fingers were going to fall off. We got like so many inches dumped on us overnight. I remember it because it was a snow day for two days.”
“You ever been in love?”
“What’s wrong with you?”
“I hate to point this out,” Sam started. “But you both know who we might need to help deal with the darkness.
“Yeah,” Dean answered quickly, perhaps a little too quickly. He squirmed in his chair, glancing quickly to his left where Cas was sitting at the next table, still wrapped up in the grey blanket. “Yeah, I’m fine.”
“You are. You're paying for the gas to your pimpmobile and my snacks.” He flashed Cas a bright smile.
. Or just a few things,” Cas said with a slight shrug, twisting the bottle lid open and taking a drink.
“Next stop is the hotel, right?” Dean asked, once they were outside.
They finished their breakfast as they talked about their route, where they would stop for lunch, or stop for the night. Cas’ back almost started hurting just in protest but it was feeling a lot better for the moment.
“She said not to drive like a maniac.”
“Cleaning my mouth out with mouthwash. Stale cum isn't exactly something I want on my breath.”
“Will you keep your number?” Cas asked, trying to gain some control back.
“That was because I was with family. There I'll be alone.”
“If you were human, you’d be gone,” Dean said, unsure why he had to say that. The last thing he wanted was Cas in pain or gone. “With you, it’s like it’s digging deeper.”
“Yeah, we’re always locked away in the room. Why don’t we go out and grab a drink? Might help with you feeling restless.”
“All right. Just let me change first.”
“Naturally.”
“You want to sleep in the van?” Dean mock threatened.
“Where we going?” Cas asked hesitantly.
“Yeah, all right.”
“Tell me what?” Dean asked, not looking at him as he dragged a finger across the laminated menu, studying the burger description.
Dean tried not to picture exactly what  ‘whatever’ might consist of or how much pain it would cause Cas. The poor angel already was sweat-drenched, something he didn’t know angels could even do. “He’s gotta be up to something.
“Gross, dude,” Dean said, crinkling his nose in disgust.
A sudden knock to the van’s window caused him to jump. Dean's amused face stared back at him before he waved at him to get a move on. Just as he opened the door and slid out, Cas saw his mom walking down the front cement stairs in her usual floral housecoat, his father right behind her. Dean's own parents were crossing the street to join them, John a few steps behind Mary.
“Trust. Do you trust me… still?”
“What about KFC? I only had chicken once so far.”
Dean nodded back, forcing his gaze back down to the menu. And there it was, the infamous kiss off. Instantly ‘friend zoned’. Dean should be grateful Cas wasn't insulted, or worse, had gotten mad and sent him back home. But Cas’ reasoning only frustrated him. Not at Cas, but at himself. True, he wasn't a fan of gushing his feelings, but he truly needed to watch what he said. He’d made it this long without telling Cas how he truly felt, and he wasn’t about to start spouting about it now. Fucking awesome.
“Your new job,” he answered as if the answer should have been obvious.
He often wished he was as confident as Gabe. His brother was able to talk to anyone about anything and never worried if he sounded foolish. Even Amara was graceful and confident. It seemed every awkward trait his parents ever possessed were handed down to him and only him. Sometimes it still surprised him that Dean willingly continued their friendship, much less referred to him as ‘best friend’. He couldn't imagine a more mismatched pair of friends than themselves.
Dean agreed as Sam quickly got back to typing, finding an article about a disturbance in a restaurant, a waiter stabbing and killing someone. Dean called up the local police, asking who the lead of the Cafe Elta investigation was. Sam shot Cas a look of sympathy before leaving the two of them alone to get suited up. Cas squirmed in his chair, trying to get comfortable as Dean squatted down beside him.
name was Inias, which you also knew.”
Dean loved when Cas begged him, would never get enough of hearing that pure desperation. With his free hand he started unbuckling Cas’ belt, removing his hand from inside to tug the pants down. Cas lifted his hips, gathering the fabric where he could reach in an effort to remove them as quickly as possible. Dean reached over towards the nightstand, opening the top drawer for the bottle of lube while Cas shimmied out of both pants and underwear, dropping them on the floor by the bed. Bracing his knees on either side of Cas, Dean took off his flannel shirt as well as the tee shirt underneath, tossing them to the floor by where Cas’ discarded clothes were, biting his bottom lip with anticipation. He loved when Cas kept the bright white dress shirt on while the rest of him was naked. A personal challenge to see if they could actually make a wrinkle or two in the fabric.
“Tell Sam I was unable to find anything about Metatron’s whereabouts. But something called Fortune Nookie was mentioned, but I’m not sure what that is exactly. Could you ask him for me, Dean?”
“Maybe I'll just leave them here,” Cas retorted. “They should be nice and ripe by the time you return.”
Cas just glared at him. “I'll get you back.”
Dean stopped icing his head, the towel water-soaked with the melted ice cubes. He went to the kitchen to clean up. Noting that Cas hadn’t joined him, Dean took a few steps towards the War Room, seeing Cas still in the same spot, his head bowed slightly. Dean didn’t get many chances at just watching the angel, and he wasn’t about to let this chance go. It still took Dean by surprise, the changes in their relationship. He was in a goddamn relationship with an angel. How the fuck did that even happen?
. Nothing had changed between them, wasn’t that good? He’d acted on an impulse and it didn’t mean anything. Yet, that wasn’t entirely true. The problem lay with Dean wanting to forget what happened while he wanted to celebrate finally getting to bring pleasure to the man he had feelings for as long as he could remember. He felt another pang in his chest and forced himself to close his eyes, trying to relax his mind, sinking further down into the wonderful hot water.
“Well, yeah--”
It didn’t sound fine, sounded anything but fine, in fact. “Yeah, but you had Rowena,” Cas pointed out. Because of me, you…” He was unable to finish the sentence. Once again, he had messed up the Winchesters’ plans, and once again it had been Dean who paid for it.
“But really, Dean. You should take care of yourself.”
He sighed softly seeing Cas asleep, oblivious to Dean’s actions in the shower. Part of him was glad he wouldn’t do anything stupid in front of Cas such as start babbling how he came just by thinking of him. Setting his discarded clothes on his duffle bag, Dean went over to Cas’ bed, gently sliding the remote out of his sleeping friend’s hand and covering him with a blanket. He hesitated, then crawled under the sheets of his own bed. He glanced over at Cas’ sleeping form and sighed. What the hell was going on with him? First he had sex with Cas, then he thought about him while in the shower? This was why he hated feelings, not liking how confused he felt. Sighing, he turned the light off, rolling on his side away from Cas. He didn't want Cas to see the guilty look on his face.
been a stare. But for what reason? Had he taken a bite oddly? Dribbled his food out of the corners of his mouth? Something had caused Dean to stare at him, right? Cas knew he lacked some social cues, so perhaps he was wrong, but he’d never had a problem reading Dean before...
Cas’ voice was so soft, Dean wasn't sure if he actually heard it as he looked to Cas.
“That explains it,” Cas rolled his eyes.
hard on pressed against his own.
“Stop,” Cas giggled, nudging him in an attempt to push him away. “Behave.”
“Stop. Don't look at me like that. I hate when you look at me like that. Don’t! I’m sorry!” Cas sounded as if he was pleading.
Their order came a few minutes later. Dean shook his head as he glanced at Cas’ oatmeal.
“Goodland. But we'll stop somewhere along the way for lunch and gas if we need to,” Dean said, watching as his mom had her chance to say goodbye to Cas.
“Yeah, thank you,” Sam said, equally confused. “Um, a-any… ‘perp’ in particular?”
“Try your room,” Sam called out, hearing Dean’s footsteps as he approached.
Neither men said anything as they just sat and stared at each other. Cas watched as Dean's cheeks grew pinker from his blush spreading, looking absolutely adorable. Cas knew it had been a slip of the tongue and not a declaration of love, but not for the first time, he wished it had been.
“Because I cook? Really?”
“What's wrong?”
“Second floor this time,” Dean informed him as he handed the second key to him. “What's got you all smiley?”
“Huh?” He started drifting to sleep in sated bliss.
“Nothing which I can relate to.”
“What are you doing?” Dean called out.
? Jealous of who, him? He hadn’t asked Cindy to come over.
He knew he wasn't going to tell Dean what the cashier said. It would only upset him and ruin the easiness which finally returned between them.
“I prefer to get to the hotel in one piece, thank you very much.”
Dean looked back over at Cas, noting he didn’t look any worse after Sam’s comment about the car. Definitely not what he called better, but at least he wasn’t growling or in discomfort, although he wasn’t answering Sam’s question either.
“About six hours away. Depending on how often we stop, we'll get there around seven. Maybe eight o’clock the latest.”
Dean turned his head to look at him. “What?”
“Are you running out of clothes?”
“That would be you,” Dean retorted.
Ladybird Diner was a local favorite, conveniently located near the University of Kansas campus. It wasn't unusual to see small groups of college kids sitting at the tables, grabbing breakfast before their first classes began. The diner boasted a wide range of dishes, but it was their old-fashioned sodas, as well as their pies, which drew in the largest crowds.
“Cas...
“They’re songs about losing a loved one. I have no loved one to lose,” Cas pointed out. “Except you, of course.”
Slowly exhaling, Cas looked at him as he simply answered, “Earth. Several billion years from the beginning.”
“Cause I'm adorable,” Dean explained simply. “Now let's go.”
“Hey, I'm a growing boy,” Dean argued.
“Absolutely,” Cas retorted. “You have to spoil me in order to keep my friendship.”
“We'll get breakfast then head out,” Dean said. “Make sure you take your pills beforehand.”
“I'm going to take a shower,” Cas told him, grabbing fresh clothes.
Today was moving day, and it both saddened and excited him. With the help of Dean, he would be moving to Los Angeles where he would be the new Human-Interest columnist for the
is a dream of a lifetime, all right? Writing for one of the big dogs instead of pissing away here? Hell yeah, you can do this! You're Castiel fucking Novak, writer extraordinaire! And I'm lucky enough to call you my best friend. So, we'll get you there and you're gonna kick some ass, okay? Or I'm kicking
“See? This is why I keep you around,” he teased, sliding back into the booth.
The sound of the door slamming shut and Dean calling out his name woke him up with a start, water splashing slightly over the side of the tub. He didn't even remember falling asleep. The bath water now was cold and he had slid down so far his mouth was just hitting the water’s edge. Cas quickly got out, dried himself off, and got dressed. Coming out of the bathroom he saw Dean standing at the small table tucked in the corner, pulling out what looked like a chicken sandwich and fries.
“You should let Dean go first, just to be safe,” John said, nodding once at his son.
Cas laughed as he returned to his vehicle, leading them back onto the road. When they arrived in Salina, they stopped at a restaurant not far from the turnpike. It wasn't fancy, just a nice and simple family restaurant. They had just sat down when the waitress came over to their table. She seemed friendly, maybe a tad on the bored side, as she handed them menus and got their drink orders. As she walked off, Cas pulled out his phone from his pocket.
Dean blinked, tempted to play dumb, but Sam knew him too well. He wasn’t exactly trying to talk himself out of the relationship with Cas so much as trying to talk himself into believing he deserved it. That for every shitty decision, every hurdle they jumped over, this was what he deserved. That he was allowed to be happy, despite the shitstorm they were facing.
“I suppose I need to find a new mechanic now.”
She giggled again as she asked, “Your phone?”
Dean draped an arm over his eyes, his breathing slowly returned to normal. Neither one of them in a hurry to move.
Inside the main office, Dean waited for the clerk to check them out, leaning one hip against the faux marble desk and looked out to the parking lot. Watching Cas for a few minutes, guilt washed over him. It was official; he was an asshole. He had never been good at talking about his feelings -- just ask Meg -- but he knew he should’ve at least said
“Just get in the van, smart ass. I’ll check us out,” Dean handed him his duffle bag and started heading towards the main office.
“That’s fair.”
“That was a quick shower,” Dean said, walking around to the driver's side to roll down that window as well.
Cas hated being in a bad mood but there was no way he would, or could, say what was wrong out loud, much less out loud to Dean. Why couldn’t he just move on and stop caring like Dean obviously had? Why did he have to keep thinking about Dean – about that morning and every morning they’d had together? He couldn’t get the sound of Dean crying out in ecstasy as he orgasmed out of his head. It was music and torture. Cas curled up in a ball under the sheets, willing himself to fall asleep.
“That doesn't make me feel better,” Cas muttered, blushing slightly.
“Oh, what, you wouldn't love me if I got fat?” he challenged, ignoring the fact he mentioned the word love.
“Don't you want to save your money? You don't know what you'll need at your new place.”
“Just noticing you're in a better mood.”
He hated lying to Dean... but to be fair, it wasn’t a full lie. The thought
“Don't be,” Cas told him, face still buried in the pillow. “It was my fault.”
“Don’t even say it,” Dean warned, pointing threateningly at him. Yeah, they needed help but he’d be damned if it would be Metadouche. They really didn’t need to be kicking that hornet’s nest again.
It was a done deal, and then they realized how far away from the other they would be. Dean often wondered aloud if they would actually be able to maintain their friendship with being so far apart, but it wasn't as if they wouldn't be able to talk to each other. Dean promised they would Skype and text, and of course, call each other.
Outside of his job, caring for friends and family, Dean took the act of eating
Dean snickered softly, laying his hand on Cas’ shoulder as they walked to the van’s driver side. “Don't ever change, dude.”
“N-nothing,” Dean answered, looking away from Cas and around the station, anything to keep from meeting his friend’s gaze and being forced to analyze it. Or worse, have himself analyzed.
“Sit, Cas,” Dean instructed.
“Um,” Cas said, tilting his head back slightly as if the answer was floating in the air above him. Clicking his tongue softly before telling them about Metatron’s love for waffles.
“C’mon, Cas. Shake a leg,” Dean’s voice came from around the corner.
“Yes, thank you, Sam. I’m not better, but I’m not worse either. I think whatever happened is over. But I have my phone in case I do need Dea-- I mean, both of you.” He blushed at his near blunder. Dean had been adamant about Sam not finding out about them. At least not yet. And Cas promised he wouldn’t say or do anything to jeopardize that, even if it meant temporarily lying to Sam.
He didn’t really need Cas to answer that out loud to know he did. But underneath all this, Cas still worried it was Dean who didn’t trust him. He saw Cas’ lips form the soft answer “Always”, but he was too mesmerized by those lips to really hear the word. , Dean knew he didn’t need any further words for Cas to finally believe he hadn’t lost Dean’s trust. This wasn’t about earning trust but the need to reconnect as well as losing themselves in each other.
He knew Cas sensed him staring, his head still bowed. Dean never apologized for the moments when Cas caught him staring since Cas was equally guilty of such moments. This relationship hadn’t always been easy but damn if it wasn’t worth fighting for. He still thought back to his year with Lisa and Ben. He had done the right thing, asking Cas to scrub their memories of him. He hadn’t regretted that decision, but it reminded him how stupid he had been to think he would ever be able to truly walk away from this life. He hadn’t wanted to drag either of them down with him. In the end, he knew it had been right to walk away. But things were different with Cas. Cas was in this life with him.
Dean made sure they both their keycards before heading back out. Not too far from hotel's parking lot was a tan building with a bright red neon sign shining with the name
“Cas, c’mon, man. Don’t make this more difficult, okay?” Dean sighed.
“We should probably start heading out. Got a long way to go,” Dean piped up quickly, pulling Cas back out of his thoughts.
“Oh. Well, I was close.”
“Do you want…?” Dean asked, feigning innocence.
“I’d appreciate that,” Cas smiled, laying a hand on top of Dean’s. “You’d better get changed before Sam returns.”
“Yes,
“No, please? I already hurt,” he pleaded. “I just want to soak and go to bed.”
“I'll check us out if you wanna take the bags out?” Dean answered, fixing his hair in the large mirror over the dresser. He heard Cas snort and paused his fingers to listen.
Cas watched in silence, sighing as he followed him out, grabbing his own bag. Obviously, talking about what happened wasn’t something Dean was interested in doing. He’d caught his breath and practically sprinted out the door. Cas walked to the car, opening the back door and tossed his bag inside, angry with himself. He left the door wide open for Dean to add his bag and heading towards the van, feeling hot tears burning at the corners of his eyes as he got inside. He couldn’t help but slam the door behind him.
“You're impossible.” Cas sighed, shaking his head as he opened his menu.
“We are. But look around, dude,” Dean said, turning to face the street with his arms out to the side. “You got Taco Bell there,” he pointed. “KFC there.” Another point. “Not to mention McDonald’s and Burger King. So, what’s your pick?”
“Why the poop face?” Dean asked, his voice breaking through Cas’ thoughts.
“I blacked out for a lot of it,” Cas told them, not looking at either one. “But I… I don’t know. It overwhelmed me. I… I couldn’t control it,” he said angrily.
“Nothing,” Dean answered quickly. “Just anxious to get back on the road. I want to get to the hotel is all.” He swallowed, his mouth felt absolutely dry.
Dean knew exactly what Cas needed, feeling himself hardening at Cas’ pleas. He gave a few more teasing licks before thrusting his tongue inside him, Cas’ moans growing louder as Dean stroked him in unison with rimming him. It had taken Dean a couple times of rimming Cas before getting used to the fact that there was no other taste besides just pure cleanness, which was a taste all of its own. It was the taste of just Cas.
,” Cas laughed, squirming away again as he held up his hands to block any more attempts.
“Just deal with it.” Dean wiped his hands on his napkin.
“Oh, yeah. That was a good steak.”
Dean squirmed, pulling on the blankets with both fists. “I need to come! Now!
“I wasn't expecting you to be up,” Cas greeted as he came into the kitchen, opening the refrigerator to grab a bottle of water.
,” Dean pleaded.
“Places metatron might hang out,” Dean repeated the question.
call it a snack. So, therefore I'm paying. And besides, you paid for the hotel rooms, right?”
“Just wondering if it will feel like Christmas without snow.”
Cas shouldn't have been surprised Dean remembered the restaurant. He always remembered places where he could get a good slice of pie.
“Because he’s a dick and that’s not breaking news,” Sam gladly stated the obvious.
“Do you want to lead? You have the Atlas,” Cas offered.
“For the time being, I think. I might eventually have to get a new one, but I'm not positive. What about you?”
“Dean...” Cas moaned for a completely different reason, laying his head back down on the bed.
“You know, Rowena’s the only one who can remove it,” Sam reminded them.
“You okay?”
Those who knew him easily described him as being reserved, almost a loner, and a quiet observer. Perhaps that was the reason his weekly columns were popular. For the last three years he wrote human interest pieces for
Not once did Rufus ask about any certifications Dean had. Instead, he had Dean spend half an hour simply explaining how he would fix various things on a vehicle while the cantankerous older man tossed in trick questions to try to trip him up. By the end of the ‘interview’, Rufus had shaken his hand and told him he was ‘alright’ and that he expected him to start work a week after he was done with Walt’s shop.
“The van has a GPS, too,” Cas added.
Closing the door with a snap, Dean leaned against it, sighing as his eyes closed briefly. Fuck he needed to get better control of his emotions. He told Cas they couldn't do this, then he was the one making things awkward! No wonder Cas had been strange with him all day... Dean was fucking this up a million ways to Sunday.
“In this analogy, yes,” Cas agreed.
“I'm not moving,” Dean informed him.
“Of course,” Dean scoffed, getting up to go to his duffle bag. Digging into the side pocket, he pulled out a deck of cards. “Yahtzee,” he said triumphantly as he came back to the table.
He ended up breaking down one day as they sat on Dean's back porch. Unsure of what to do, much less say, Dean had run inside his house to get his mom. Mary had simply laid her arm across Cas’ small shoulders and led him inside to talk privately. Dean had been full of questions, Cas remembered.
“Would you stop?” Cas chastised with a soft chuckle. “Go to the van if you're so antsy.” Dean shrugged and ignored him. Cas was already finished paying and nudged him towards the door. “You're impossible,” he sighed.
“Hey, what about oatmeal?” Dean suggested. “You haven't had that for awhile. Least not since we left.”
“Sounds good, sign me up.” Dean grinned, lightly tapping the table with his palm.
. And he loved it. He loved feeling Cas on top of him, being trapped underneath his muscular body. He loved wanting Cas to touch him, wanted to ask, but couldn't get the words out. Cas bent his head down, kissed his neck as another moan escaped. Who knew how great that could feel? The fire under his skin burned hotter as his hips started moving. Fuck. He was bumping against Cas, that was
“Dean?” Cas asked after a few minutes of silence.
is the spice of life.”
“Uh, right. I'll just... “ he trailed off, straightening up and taking a small step away before he was able to turn and walked away.
Sam remained quiet, glancing between the two. Words weren’t needed. It wasn’t long before Sam politely excusing himself to continue with this research, leaving Dean and Cas alone.
“Are we following the same timeline as last time?”
“It appears I simply respond differently from humans.” Cas’ face was still scrunched in discomfort, but he wasn’t growling at the moment.
Cas waited a moment, then turned to face the dresser, pressing both palms flat on the surface and bracing himself.
“Typical. You remember snow days?”
. Who knew his voice actually got that high? Cas smirked around Dean’s cock, loving hearing him coming apart. It might be his new favorite sound.
“Yeah. I'll look it up,” Dean said, grabbing his phone again, thankful for the distraction.
“You're being ridiculous.”
“Appreciated,” Cas simply said, without even a hint of a smile.
“Mom said hi and the typical be safe speech.” He smiled as he rolled his eyes. “I'm thinking we'll cut it short today.”
He remembers swirling dark smoke surrounding him, his ears ringing from the howling wind. Glancing around, he hopes for some idea of where he is, but the only thing he can see is more dark smoke. Where the hell is Sam? Did he get swept up in the rolling fog as well, as trapped as Dean seems to be? Should he call out for his brother? Is there even anyone to call out to?
“Your place is furnished, dude.”
about said activity. After all, he told Cas they couldn't have sex again. He didn't regret it, exactly. He just needed time to think things through, is all.
skip on breakfast.”
Dean never had great luck. He felt Cas stiffen slightly, his friend glancing over his shoulder. He should have known it would’ve been impossible not to feel his erection pressing down on Cas’ back.
Cas glanced over his shoulder and smiled back at him. How quickly things were forgiven from just a mere touch, absolutely pathetic.
“It's fine. Honestly,” Cas reassured him gently, “you don't have to be ashamed. I love you as my best friend, you know that.”
“I already know what I want,” Cas told him, setting his menu to the side.
“John, they know what they're doing. Leave them be!” Mary sighed, waving her hand in dismissal of John’s suggestion.
God, he hated her. He pressed his lips together to keep from snapping at her, politely smiling. Dean just smiled at him, winking.
“Oh, you mean it, huh?” Dean teased.
“Night, dude,” Dean told Cas’ sleeping form, eventually drifting off to sleep himself.
“Why did you kiss me?” Cas asked before he thought about it.
Dean sighed, trying to come up with an excuse as to why they shouldn't. But couldn't think of anything. “Yeah, sure. Okay, I guess.”
“Think we could find a hotel with Magic Fingers?” Cas asked, his voice sounding muffled from one side of his face pressed against the bed.
Sam looked him in the eyes. “Let yourself have this.”
“Sorry about those, Cas,” Dean quickly told him. He hated having to use them, but seeing Cas so out of control from the Attack Dog spell had scared him. “Till we know what’s going on with you, you’re still a bit of a wild card, you know?” he tried to explain, hoping Cas understood it wasn’t personal but for the safety of everyone. Tossing a beer to Sam, he sat back down.
“No, sorry. We couldn't be friends.” Cas shook his head, wrinkling his nose at the thought.
It was well known how much Dean liked girls. Much like Cas had, women fell for Dean’s tough man act, his moss-colored green eyes and freckles. But, unlike the women who never truly got to know him, Cas really fell for the easy ways Dean smiled at him. As if those smiles were meant just for him. But, no. There was no way he would ever tell Dean how he really felt.
“Good. I mean, that’s good that you’re not worse. If you wanted, you could do something while we go talk to the witness at the station. If you feel up to it, that is,” Sam said gently.
And that was that. Cas knew no further discussion on the subject would be brought up. Cas finished his dinner, not really tasting it. He wondered if the awkwardness was returning. He actually wondered if he would ever have the courage to tell Dean no. Or if he was always going to set himself up for hurt each time Dean retreated after claiming nothing was going to happen again.
“I don't know.” Cas sighed.
“No, go ahead. I'll take a shower in the morning,” Dean answered, checking out the view from the window before closing the curtains. “You hungry? We got some time if you wanted to get something from the restaurant before your bath.”
Blowing out a breath, he shook his head. No, a pet wasn’t the best option. Maybe he’d just scope out the nightlife like every other red-blooded, healthy male. See what some of the places around him had to offer in means of companionship. Hell, he was only twenty-five! He wasn't sure if he even wanted to dive back into another relationship, especially since the last one crashed and burned so horrifically. He had numerous one-night stands since then, the occasional two-night stand, and had only slowed down after Cas became concerned and persuaded him to getting checked out. He wasn't promiscuous, at least not in his eyes. He just liked sex. He wouldn't say no to another relationship when he was older... maybe marry, have a couple kids, even get that dog.
“You should know me. I
After a few more minutes, thankfully, Dean stopped. Cas let a few residual giggles out before he calmed down, his breathing heavy and Dean’s weight grounding him. “Are you done?” Cas asked, hoping he was.
They were back on the road shortly afterwards. Cas wished there was more to see than simply road and cars, hating this part about the trip; the monotony of everything. The same road. The same diner. The same hotel. And the same fight with his feelings. He was going to combust if something didn't change.
“It’s fine, Dean. I didn't think anything about it. It just surprised me. But it's fine,” he gave him a small practiced smile. The same smile he perfected over the years whenever his feelings got hurt.
Cas nodded, swallowing hard as Dean moved in closer. He was unable to stop thinking how this is what they would like if they were having sex.
“Thank you.” Cas smiled, taking the ticket and pocketing it. “I thought we'd stop in Salina for lunch, a couple hours away. Think you can last that long?” he asked with a smirk.
“C’mon,” Dean said, standing up and heading towards the door.
“I don’t know about that.” Dean sighed, shifting awkwardly and walking to his bag for a new set of clothes. “I think I'm gonna take a shower,” he said quickly and rushing to the bathroom.
Castiel looked over, watching Dean turn his head to look back at the TV, though they both knew he wasn’t watching it. “You sure you want to drive the van back?”
“Sammy did a couple times, too. We'd come here all the time before finals in his senior year. You know him, always stressing about doing good on them.”
“Nothing. Just feeling better, I suppose,” Cas told him, walking towards the van. “Are you done holding us up?” He asked once he noticed Dean wasn’t moving.
“Restless, I suppose.”
“Then give me the check,” Cas challenged.
“I know that,” Dean scoffed. “Just wasn't with her. Anyways, let's hit the road. We still gotta eat something. I don't want to get too sloshed. Not that I would with beer. But you're a lightweight.” He grinned at Cas as he stood up.
He vows they will find a way to stop her.
Five years of living with Cas had spoiled him. He wasn't even sure he knew how to live alone. He could always ask Sammy about how he managed since his brother was living alone in an off-campus apartment instead of the dorms. His other option was to get a dog, since he was allergic to cats, so he wouldn’t be
“Yeah, there is that.”
Cindy giggled again as if he said the funniest thing in the world. Dean simply glanced at Cas who was rolling his eyes with a dark expression. Okay... So, not jealous of him. Another thought came to him and Dean found himself unable to stop staring at Cas. Cindy gave his arm one last squeeze as she handed him back his phone. He just mindlessly pushed it back into pocket without another glance in her direction.
“From what I see with my grandma? Never. She still mothers my mom. Or tries to.”
Cas thought about it and nodded. “Oatmeal sounds good. Maybe with some toast.”
“Dean! I don't need that much,” Cas argued.
Cas knew Dean who was the hungry one but hated eating alone. “Yeah, sure,” he agreed, setting his clothes on the sink in the bathroom
. Jesus, Winchester… on a roll.
Cas still didn't understand. Each time Dean reached out to him he was quick to remind him he wasn’t going to repeat anything. By now, it was getting hard to believe his words actually. No straight man would allow another man to suck them off. He truly doubted Gabe would allow another man to touch him in that manner. Not that Cas actually wanted to know about his brother. But the point still stood. Maybe he should say something to Dean about it. Explain straight men don't have sex with gay men. But as usual, fear of upsetting Dean prevented him from saying anything. So he just sat there and listened to Dean’s lame excuse.
“Dean? Dean!” Sam said his name firmly, hoping to break through his brother’s thoughts.
“Why is it cheating when I tickle you but not when you tickle me?”
Dean huffed in response. “He’s gotta have Rowena in his sights, right? I mean, she did try to take him out.” He walked behind Cas, forcing himself not to reach out to touch him.
the feelings first started... Perhaps it had been the day Dean just willingly accepted Cas after he came out, as if the news he was gay was of no consequence to Dean. Whenever they started, the feelings remained longer than what should’ve been a usual crush. But Cas wasn’t naive enough to believe Dean returned those feelings.
“We would've been there already,” Cas lightly argued. “We could have explored the city together.”
Cas looked to his parents for help, but it was obvious from their smiles no help was forthcoming. “We all pitched in together,” Chuck informed him, making him feel a little better about the amount he held in his hands.
, was I wasn't going to insult her in front of her. And I didn't.”
“Just waiting on you as usual.,” Dean teased, opening the passenger rear door to grab their bags.
Cas hesitated for a moment, looking at Dean with a glare before laying down on his stomach again, arms tight against his sides. Dean straddled him, trying not to think about how Cas felt under him.
Still giggling, he pointed at Dean. “Behave.”
“Dean,” Cas quickly stood up. “I can fix that.” He could at least fix Dean’s pain even if Dean was rightfully angry with him. He had to try to make amends somehow. Not as an effort to satisfy himself, but as a way to prove to Dean he hadn’t meant to hurt him.
Dean scoffed. “Sure, we’ll make a fire and braid Sam’s hair.” He counted it as a win when Cas chuckled softly. “C’mon, let’s get you out of here.’
Feeling eyes on his back, Cas turned around and was surprised seeing Dean leaning against the car, arms crossed, just staring at him and no sign of Cindy. His first thought Dean was upset at his rudeness, but Dean didn't look mad. He almost looked… confused? Why would he be looking at him confused?
prerogative.
“It was just one gate, Dean,” Cas explained. “I’m not fit for battle but I am able to open a gate. Unless you wish to stay here.”
“And the waitress at that restaurant when we went to visit Gabe.”
“We can get packaging tape somewhere, right?”
They played for the next couple of hours, teasing each other about cheating while laughing easily. Cas was the first to claim tiredness which Dean accused him of quitting only because he was losing. Cas just rolled his eyes, smiling as he stood up. He yawned a couple times as Dean started gathering the cards and putting them away.
Dean just leaned to one side away from Cas as if trying to get a good look at him. “Where the fuck did
“I'm not out street racing, Dean. She's a very dependable car.”
“Like you don't watch them.” Cas laughed, releasing Dean from his embrace with a final squeeze.
Cas’ eyebrows scrunched together in question. “What's this?”
“Yes. Oh, perhaps I should use the bathroom, too.”
” Dean begged.
“At least till we pass through Utah,” Cas scoffed, remembering how he’d almost gotten them lost.
“Tell me what you want, angel,” Dean whispered.
“I forgot how long of a drive it is to L.A,” Cas groaned.
“Meaning we'll stop somewhere after we've left Salida. Just gimme a couple minutes to reroute us.”
“Are we playing Rummy again?”
“You keep those,” Dean added, winning a scoff from his mom. “What? You do, don't you?” He smiled, shrugging.
“Who says we can't when we get there?”
Dean hesitated for a second. “Yeah, all right. I'll take a slice.”
Dean nearly laughed from relief, hearing Cas’ voice. “You know where you are? What’s the date?” Who the fuck cared about the date? He wanted to pull Cas into a tight hug, making sure he was truly all right, but he didn’t know if it would be welcomed at the moment, especially in front of Sam, who Dean was sure didn’t know about the two of them.
She looked at him and nodded. “We want to give you a little something, Cas. I'm sure it'll help.” She pulled a white envelope out of her robe pocket, handing over to him with a smile.
“Then this is my contribution. Food and gas. And I know it takes a lot to feed you.”
“Oh, right. My phone,” he repeated, pulling it from his pocket and handing it to her.
“Just feels we've been on the road for a month,” Cas said, ignoring the question.
“You seem to be under the impression that I'm incapable of finding my way around, Dean,” Cas said, almost insulted.
Cas put their bags in the backseat of the car as he watched Dean walking, the previous day’s awkwardness appeared to be gone, thankfully. They finally were on their way to getting breakfast. The diner they stopped at wasn't too crowded as they sat down in a booth. Cas glanced around, crinkling his nose.
“You really think that's the only reason why I like you?”
“If you're quite ready,” Cas told him a few minutes later, nudging him towards the doors.
“I can't imagine anyone mothering Mary,” he chuckled, shoving his phone into the back pocket of his jeans. “She's the mother hen. Well, outside of my mom, of course.”
“Thanks, Mom,” Dean snarked, picking up his beer, glancing sidelong at Sam as he sat down. “Why don’t you just keep the beers coming.” It was more of a statement than an actual question.
“I had another memory from when Rowena cursed me. Crowley was there as well, and I tried attacking him.”
“Cards? You want to play cards?” Cas asked skeptically.
And with that, Dean got out of the car while Cas remained inside, his gaze now on Dean as he was outside knocking on the hood of the Continental to get his attention. Cas got out and followed him back to the room. Dean set their dinners up at the table. Cas sat down wordlessly and started eating.
“I'm serious, Dean!” She swatted his arm. “Cas, you're the responsible one. Make sure you guys call me whenever you stop.”
“Don't get any ideas. I'm not getting on a plane. That's you and Sammy’s way of going.” On several occasions bringing up the idea of flying rather than driving. No way in hell was he leaving Baby for that long of a period. Not to mention it would be a cold day in hell before he stepped on one of those metal death traps.
“You're staring again,” Cas said, balling up his napkin.
Currently, Gabriel was doing his own thing in Topeka, working in the Loan Department at a local bank. Amara still lived in Lawrence, along with her husband and two kids, and worked in the Admissions office at KSU. For his part, Cas was honestly proud of both of them. He only hoped it was returned.
“Aren’t you tired of diners?” Cas asked with a bored sigh.
“Great. I’ll write out directions for how you can use my laptop to locate a vehicle. That way we’re looking for both Rowena and Metatron.”
Once outside, Cas held his hand out to Dean, silently asking for the van’s keys. Dean glanced at the Continental, almost scrunching his nose in disgust at the thought of driving the vehicle. But he ended up handing over the keys over anyways. It wasn't the first time he’d driven Cas’ car, there’d been a couple times Baby had been out of commission due to needing a new fuel pump or a new catalytic converter, and they had planned. The Continental wasn't a
Nearly forty minutes later, Dean finally returned, finding Cas stretched out on his stomach on top of the double bed wearing shorts and a tee shirt. The television was on but he doubted Cas was paying attention since his eyes were closed.
“Well,” Sam interjected. “God kicked this thing’s ass once before, right?”
“And your mom said to call when we've stopped. Well, we stopped,” Cas insisted, punching the call button.
approached
The baby… right. That was the topic at hand. Dean opened his mouth to reply, but Cas beat him to it. “If this is truly the Darkness we’re talking about, it’s more of a time bomb than a baby,” Cas said, his deep voice sounding strong despite Rowena's spell on him.
Dean gave a snort, responding, “That kind of limits our options.”
“Then are we getting this breakfast you promised?”
They ordered once the waitress came over. Naturally, Dean ordered eggs, toast with extra bacon. Cas stuck with Dean’s suggestion of oatmeal as well as toast.
Dean couldn't really fault him for his concern. He knew he was going worry about Cas being on the West coast all alone. That was
Cas groaned as he rolled onto his back, opening his eyes to look at Dean. “I thought you wanted to sleep in?”
Thankfully, the waitress returned to both of their relief. “Have you boys decided what you want?”
“I don't like feeling as if things are weird between us. Just… I don't know… rant about something,” Cas suggested.
“Here, Dean,” Cas told him as he stood up, holding out his hand. “I’m paying for meals, remember?”
“I stand by what I said!” He shrugged.
“What, this?” Dean asked innocently, reaching out to tickle him again.
Cas’ eyes closed as Dean's hands moved up along his spine. Soft moans escaping as Dean hit a particular sore spot. “That feels fantastic,” Cas practically purred, the feel of Dean’s hands on him was absolutely magical.
His surroundings slowly returned to him, hearing Sam’s droning but still caught up in the memory. “So, that was the last of the neighbors, just like the rest.” Dean heard him distantly but the memory refused to allow him to fully pay attention.
“What happened? I thought you understood why we had to restrain you?” Dean asked, trying his damnedest not to sound accusatory.
“Yeah? What about?” Dean asked flatly.
“Till you cheated,” he reminded Cas.
. He was going to be forced to watch Dean's continuing flirtation with this giggly bimbo. His smile fell, turning around to the van and unscrewing the gas cap. Keeping his back to them, he grabbed the pump hose and put it the truck's tank, praying for the world to swallow him whole.
“Stop. I'm not gonna tickle you.” Dean grinned, fingers pressing harder against Cas’ sides. “Well, maybe just a little. Just to cheer you up,” he explained.
Dean quickly removed his hand from Cas’ shoulder, wondering if a second round was approaching. “Now there are voices?” Sam asked slowly.
“Shut up,” Dean muttered, making a show of straightening out his shirt. “Anyways, it's time for breakfast,” Dean quickly changed the subject.
They quickly brought the last of boxes down, as well as the plastic bag which held Cas’ dirty jogging clothes and wet towel from his shower, before locking up the apartment.
“No. I don't feel like going out.”
“Okay, so, every restaurant in the entire country,” Dean said. He had moments of simply forgetting just how literal the angel could be. He had definitely come a long way from being the stiff hard-ass he was when Dean met him in that abandoned barn seven years earlier.
“And paying for breakfast,” Cas added as he grabbed the bill from the counter before Dean could. Dean followed him to the register, making a show of trying to grab the bill out of his hand. Cas laughed as he pushed at Dean's shoulder. In the end, Cas ended up paying. Dean stood next to him, playing with things on the counter much like a child would do.
“Don't insult my car, Dean, especially since you're the one driving her cross country. She won't appreciate it.”
“Thank you. Thank you guys so much,” Cas told them, clutching the envelope tightly to his chest. “Really, I appreciate this.”
“What? No, dude. You're not paying my fucking toll!” He didn't sound mad or upset.
Cas glanced at him over his shoulder and smiled. “I promise not to take all day. I know we got a lot of road to travel on yet. Half hour tops.”
“It's okay, Sam, really. Have a good night,” he says with a smile and reaches for Dean, sliding an arm around his waist.
“Go on,” Bobby said, his voice softer than Dean had ever heard from him. It proved to him that Bobby truly was at ease here. “Go to him.”
“Uhh, Cas, if you want to get in my pants, just ask.” he giggled and Cas rolled his eyes. “Where are your keys, Dean, focus.” he said annoyed and Dean gulped, pulled his keys out of his pocket. Cas unlocked the door and Dean sat down on the sofa with Cas help.
Cas grinned and stroked Dean's back, pulled his finger out, lined his dick with Dean's hole, and slowly pushed his dick into him, moaning loudly. He grabbed Deans hips and started to fuck Dean fast, oh yes, thats exactly what he needed right now.
“Yeah, it is… it's new and completely healed now, you like it? It's called Prince Albert.” he asked and Dean nodded fast. “Yeah… I love it, wow.” he whimpers, Cas piercing brushed over his prostate, over and over again.
Cas, like every time they interacted, held his gaze, never faltering. Instinctively, he raised his right hand and gripped Dean’s shoulder just as he did when he pulled him from hell and when he said goodbye back on Earth. Dean tore his eyes away from Cas’s face to look down at it and he couldn’t stop his eyes from filling with tears as he looked back to Cas’s face.
“You can’t imagine how long—how long I wished for this,” Cas confessed, tearful delight shining in his eyes. Dean smiled, and pulled him back into his arms.
Cas storms into his dorm room and lets out an angry moan. “What a stupid Professor, such an...assbutt!” he spat and threw his rucksack on the floor.
“Cas?” He asked and was drying his hair with a towel. “What happened?” he questions. Dean and Cas are
“Dean.”
He finished his meal soon and the rest of the day wasn’t eventful, he read a book for a while, ate dinner and then the day was already over, so he went back to his bedroom. He got ready for bed, until someone knocked on his door.
“Yeah, but it’s your birthday!” he said and walked over, standing in front of his bed. “We have known each other for a very long time now… so, what do you wish for your birthday, my Lord?” he asked and Castiel smiled a bit, got up from his bed.
“I’m gonna say it so much now, you’re gonna get tired of it.” But he’d never be sorry.
Dean has his fun, too, but not with the pretty chick. He takes a spot at the bar and orders more booze. He can’t just sit the whole day next to Cas and not be allowed to touch him. All those years he held on to the desire to touch Cas, to kiss him, but he never acted upon it. And why? Because he thought he could never stand a chance… Cas is perfect and he deserves the whole world. Yes, Cas is his whole world, but that fact isn’t returned.
“Ohh yes, Dean!” he moaned and closed his eyes, fucked Dean rougher and harder. He dug his nails into Dean's flesh, pulling Dean back on his dick every time he thrust into him. “YES!” he screamed.
“Whoa, Cas… are you getting all handsy on me, huh?” Dean smirks and winks at him, Cas rolls his eyes in response.
Cas looked into Dean’s eyes and he never felt more grateful to have a best friend like him. Dean never made fun of him. Never laughed when he told him about his phobia of moths and butterflies, how bad it could get—and it could get
Dean moaned and tried to concentrate on his video game, but it wasn't really easy and when Cas brushed over his prostate with each thrust. His eyes rolled into his head.
“Maybe… maybe we could eat it tomorrow, together.” he said and Dean nodded. “I would really like that.”
“Don't worry, I've got you.” he said and they had a wonderful night together. And many more, for the rest of their lives.
“Oh, trust me. We'll be stopping. I'm not about to go more than six, eight hours max, without eating.”
“Do you trust me?” Cas asked just as softly.
“No, I agree,” Cas nodded in agreement. “But, Dean, I want you to promise to be careful. If this, in fact, is Rowena, there’s no telling what you’ll be walking into.”
“You done with your food?”
Thankfully their food arrived quickly, and they ate while continuing to make small talk, trying to act as normal as possible. Once they were done, Cas paid for breakfast as Dean went outside to make the daily call to their parents. Cas joined him a few minutes later as Dean hung up.
As one can see, this has many glaring mistakes as I hadn't had it beta'd. Next works will be beta'd properly.
“Are you okay?” Cas asked cautiously, worried he might have stepped out of line.
“I..I don’t know,” Cas sighed, keeping his gaze down to his lap. “The last thing I remember is talking to you before you went to question Rowena. I felt the spell growing stronger and then… I’m… hurting you.” Cas quickly glanced up, reaching out to touch Dean’s arm. “Dean, I’m so sorry. I never meant to hurt you. You have to believe me,” he rushed the words out.
“Hey,” Cas greeted as he reached the van to add his boxes inside.
“Are you sure you’re okay?” Sam asked him.
They were now on their way to Cas’ new life.
car, but it sure as hell wasn't Baby.
They each returned to looking at their menus when Cas sighed softly. Dean knew exactly what that sigh meant; he wasn't finding anything appealing.
“One word, Cas; Oregon, okay?”
“Your mom doesn’t scare me,” Dean scoffed.
“Dude, she asked me this morning if I packed enough underwear. Really?”
“Mm, I'm not sure.”
After a few minutes, Cas asked, trying to keep his voice steady, “Are you really going to give Cindy a call?”
“We should probably leave... before we hold up traffic,” Cas, thankfully, added.
Cas agreed as Sam grabbed his laptop and a legal pad to write down simple directions for him as Dean returned, “So, we doing this or what?”
Dean looked up from his menu giving him an odd look. “No.”
“Maybe,” Cas shrugged dismissively. “Ready to get to the room?”
“I suppose we can't all float our livers,” Cas teased, getting up and following Dean out.
all right.”
“And tell my mother you abandoned me?” Cas challenged with a laugh.
Dean turned towards him, sitting up on one elbow. “Is that what you think? That I don’t trust you? Cas… I trust you with my life, all right? Outside of Sammy, there’s no one I trust more. What can I do to prove it to you?”
“Dean,” Cas sighed again, this time he sounded concerned, “Promise me you'll take care of yourself.”
Cas cleared his throat, feeling his cheeks burning as he blushed. He hadn't meant to say the words out loud... They were simply him stating his realization whenever he thought about Dean being alone. “Um… I'm- I'm not sure.”
“Vice is the spice of life, right?”
What? Oh, right. The road trip. “Yeah. We should be getting there about seven. What time is it now?” he asked, looking at his watch. “Just after three-thirty. So, yeah. Definitely better than last time.”
By the time Dean finished in the bathroom, Cas was dressed, had taken a few Tylenol, and had packed the few things that he’d managed to spread around the room. He took his turns in the bathroom as soon as Dean came out of it.
Cas playfully glared at him. “Hi, Mary, it's me… Yes, we're in Salina for lunch… Nope, no problems…” Cas paused, listening to Mary on the other end. His brow scrunched up in concentration as he answered, “Um, I'm not sure. I think it'll probably be another couple of hours until we get to the hotel… Okay, I'll tell him… Bye.”
“Dean?” Cas said louder.
Dean quickly stood up, adjusting himself with an embarrassed look. “Sorry, Cas.”
“Metatron. They’re doubling the effort to find him, so… if we need to get hold of him, we better do it soon.”
“This is it, huh?” John asked as he came up the short driveway.
“Uh-huh,” Cas scoffed.
Cas suddenly growled, squirming in his chair. The look on his face was one of pain and discomfort.
Cas slowly relaxed his arms as Dean opened the tube of pain cream, squirting out a quarter size amount in the palm of his hand. Tossing the tube on the nightstand between the beds, Dean rubbed his hands together to warm up the cream before he started massaging Cas’ lower back.
“Ah,” Dean said, not really sure what to say.
“What’s that?” Dean asked, hesitant to find out what that ‘favor’ might be.
It was a great day for driving, though he wished again he was driving Baby. The Continental wasn't too bad. Not that he'd ever tell Cas, of course. It was easier letting him think the car was shitty, after all, Dean had a rep to protect and admitting to liking the dinosaur wasn't going to happen anytime soon. At least he found a Classic Rock station. He just hoped it’d stay tuned in long enough. He really should have brought his tapes with him. Maybe he’ll see about stopping off somewhere to get some music. Did they even have record stores anymore? He bought everything online, hating shopping.
“At what age do I have to hit before she stops treating me like a child?” Cas asked, feeling grumpy from the long drive.
L.A. was enormous compared to Lawrence. Even the short stay when he’d interviewed for the paper had left him feeling like an outsider. Would that feeling return once he got there? What if he never got used to the city? His heart rate started to race as he thought. What if this had all been a terrible mistake and he was simply fooling himself into believing he could do this?
“I'm just worried you're going to have a heart attack before you're forty from all those burgers, not to mention your unhealthy obsession with bacon and pie.”
He slowed the movements of his mouth, fingers pressing harder against Dean’s sac, not yet ready for it to end. Dean whimpered in protest and Cas smiled around Dean's cock. No, he definitely wasn't ready for it to end. Once again, he ran his tongue from the base of his cock to the tip, swirling on the head.
Cas started moaning in appreciation, though Dean could tell he was trying to bite it back. Even so, the sound went directly to Dean's cock as he imagined those same sounds coming from a very enjoyable activity. He willed himself not to
“Relax. I'm not gonna tickle you. Trust me.” He smiled.
to be different? Dean set their bags on the dresser as Cas closed the door.
Sam wasn’t entirely convinced, but they had greater issues at the moment than his brother’s distraction. “So as I was saying, we got nothing. No one saw anything unusual going on at the house the day the baby disappeared.”
“Yeah, but it is still a baby, right?” Dean managed to organize his thoughts enough to add. “I mean the Darkness I saw was an adult, so it still has to… grow up.” Now they knew the missing baby was, in fact,  the Darkness, it still didn’t tell them where she was or explain his conflicting feelings about her.
There, it almost sounded normal. Cas hoped nothing in his voice gave him away. It would be pretty shitty if things turned awkward now, especially during the road trip. Not that he hadn't fantasized once or twice of that scenario... Alone together, staying in the same hotel room bed, just having a little ‘road trip fun’.
Cas stared at Dean's retreating form as he sprinted to the bathroom. The door shut with a force that made Cas jump and he sighed, waiting. He shifted and pulled the covers up to his waist, turning onto his side so he could see the television and the bathroom door. He reached for the remote and flipped through the channels until he found something halfway decent, glancing over at the door every few minutes. He was half hoping for Dean to emerge, half glad he didn't. He forced himself to stay calm and tried to focus on the show and the heaviness of his eyes.
“No, Dad. I think I got everything.”
The conversation died down as they continued eating, though it was comfortable; silences were moments of just enjoying each other's company. Once both finished their meals, Cas saw how much the diner’s customers thinned out as it was getting closer to closing time. Quickly paying, they left in order to hit the store before it, too, would close for the night.
“Oh, I'm not,” Cas assured him, quickly shoving a fry in his mouth and forcing a smile as he chewed. “Just making sure I did everything. Plus, if I need to buy anything, I want to have an idea in my head before going to the store.”
“No! Dean, please don't.” Cas started squirming, despite Dean not moving his fingers.
“Um, yeah. We should probably go,” he said, starting to walk towards the car.
“Like I said; overthinking too much. We'll get stuff before I leave.”
“Maybe you’ll find love in L.A.,” Dean says. Why did
“Perhaps we should warn them to double the bacon.”
“Go for it. I'll just pay and meet you outside.”
“Please, please don't tickle me! Please?” He really didn’t mind Dean tickling him most of the time, but he wasn’t in a playful mood at the moment.
Dean gave him a quick kiss and a soft stroke to his hair before heading down the hallway. Sure enough, Sam showed up a few minutes later wearing his suit, coming over to sit next to him at the table. Despite everything that happened over the years, he truly felt lucky to still call the younger Winchester ‘friend’.
Yeah, that always went over well. Why the hell did Cas even
to go shopping with little ‘ole me?” Cas teased.
The question nearly had Cas choking on his beer. Was Dean being serious? Looking at him, he saw Dean was serious as he looked back to him waiting for Cas’ answer. “Um… I don't know,” he answered, thankful he didn't accidentally confess his feelings.
“Look, I hate doing this, but I think it’s best if you stay here,” he told Cas softly, his hand resting on Cas’ thigh.
Cas looked up and blinked at him, unsure of how to respond. He knew it was a risk sleeping with Dean, but he hadn’t been able to help it. Now Dean wanted to forget it ever happened. He just nodded silently, hating himself both for not wanting, or being able, to forget what happened and for allowing things get out of hand.
Cas didn’t answer but Dean knew he’d heard him. He stepped into his room and closed the door. Neither of them said anything as Dean came to the bed and laid down, gently pulling on the back of Cas’ shirt, indicating for him to lie down too.
“We did sleep in! We went to bed before eleven.” Dean gave him a small smile, then asked, “How's your back feel?”
Cas smiled as Dean got up and went to the bathroom. By the he returned a slice of apple pie and a refill of his coffee was waiting for him.
“Right. Inias. What about him?”
“Just remembering all the good times here,” Cas answered. He turned on his stool to look the tables behind them. “I spent so many mornings here, cramming for finals or finishing homework.”
“It's not mine. It's the van’s ‘doo-dad’.” Cas actually wiggled his fingers to indicate his quotation marks.
The question was like ice water being poured over Dean's playful mood. Another reminder he would be returning home alone... “Nah,” he shook his head, giving a half shrug, “just give it to me. I'll drop them both off when I leave next week.”
“They were the ones who boasted about the best pie in tri-county,” Dean tried arguing.
Dean didn't answer, just kept staring.
“Dean! I want…,” Cas moaned, unable to finish his thoughts. “I want… I need…” He tried again unsuccessfully.
“Considering we missed breakfast, we have at least another couple hours before they kick us out. Unless they're coming to do so now with the way you screamed. They probably think I'm killing you in here.”
Cas bumped him in return Dean chuckled softly. They finished eating a few minutes later. Cas sighed from the fullness in his stomach and Dean was the first one to stand up, pulling money out of his pocket.
“It’s possible he’s around closer than we think, you know?” Sam told them, always the optimist.
Dean rolled his eyes as his parents softly bickered. It was a common occurrence in the Winchester home. Cas always felt as if they had a tumultuous marriage, but Dean explained a few times that was just his parents’ way. It was when they
By morning, they had Cas safely tucked away at the bunker, and the curse truly seemed lifted. Sam refused to hear any of Dean’s protests about icing his head, insisting that a cold beer was not the cure to everything. Easing himself into a chair in the War Room, Dean kicked his feet up on the adjacent chair, sighing wearily. Cas kept quiet, taking Dean’s silence as a sign that Dean was upset with him. Sam returned a few minutes later with the promised beer as well as ice for Dean’s head and advice to keep it on until it melted.
“Just hand it over, Dean. I don't want to get hit by a semi standing out here.”
“Not even with Meg?”
“Shut up.”
“Urgh! AAH... CAS, I'M… I'M…” Dean never finished his sentence, coming in thick white ribbons on his chest and stomach. Cas simply took him back into his mouth, milking him as he swallowed every drop that came out, then licked the mess from Dean’s skin. Once Dean relaxed, Cas got up and looked up at his panting friend, the poor guy was just sprawled on the bed completely boneless. Cas just smiled smugly, standing up and wiping the corner of his mouth with his thumb before bending down and picking up his discarded tee shirt and tossing Dean's at him.
“The boxes are taped up,” Dean reminded him.
“Cas, you all right, pal?” Dean asked, looking at him worriedly and cautiously.
“You okay?”
Cas often worried the same thing could happen to Dean, but Dean simply shrugged his concerns off, saying ‘accidents happen, but not very often’.
“Rant? I don't rant.”
“So, you
“I swear you’re gonna be the death of me,” he panted heavily, moving off Cas to lay beside him.
to know what Dean felt like in his hand and his mouth; he was just as turned on as Dean, his own erection straining against his jeans.
“Yeah, give me a minute,” Sam told him, still writing. “I’m having Cas look online for Metatron’s car.”
Dean slowly got up and started following him out. Cas reached out to grab his bag, leaving his side unprotected. Smiling mischievously, Dean quickly tickling his sides.
“Come on, buddy,” Dean told him, pulling him to sit up, Cas groaning loudly.
Cas snickered before disappearing into the bathroom again. Dean heard him turning the water on and tinkering around with something.
“...um…” Dean tried saying something.
“Dean, Cas will be here for however long he has to be chained, all right? It won’t hurt for him to at least look. Besides, Cas has said he wants to help and this’ll help,” Sam explained, looking up at him.
Just as the previous day, they drove for a couple hours before Dean's stomach got the best of him and forced them to stop for lunch. By the time they reached their hotel for the night, Cas was tired. His back was hurting again and his heart felt heavy, still hurt from their conversation earlier. Once they got settled in the hotel room, Dean suggested Cas try soaking in the tub while he went to grab them dinner.
“I'm just feeling restless again, I think. And, no. I don't want another massage. You cheat by tickling me,” he narrowed his eyes at him.
Dean glanced over at him, blinking once, though Cas wasn’t looking at him. He cleared his throat. “Told ya, I'm not getting on a plane, dude. Not even for you.”
Dean’s small smile dropped instantly but didn’t get a chance to say anything before Cas turned away from him and walked to the van.
“I got this, Cas. You just go,” Dean said, sliding out of the booth.
Sam, Dean's youngest brother by four years, currently lived in Palo Alto where he was attending Stanford University on a full ride scholarship and studying to be a lawyer. Despite whatever playful dig Dean had for his younger sibling, Cas always saw Dean's pride shining clearly in his eyes. Cas felt the same about the younger Winchester, but Dean’s feelings towards his brother made him wonder about his own siblings’. Were they ever proud of him in the same way Dean was of Sam? Oh, Cas knew Gabriel and Amara loved him, but he didn't know if pride was there as well.
“Can I get you guys anything from the bar?” She asked, holding out two menus towards Dean.
“Not a chance. I pay for snacks, remember?” Cas held the check against his chest.
“Mary,” John's deep voice rumbled softly, catching his wife’s attention.
Of course.
“Once you find one, let me know. I'll tell you if he's gouging you or not,” Dean said, very seriously. Castiel found himself smiling.
Fuck, that felt good. His eyes closed as he imagined a different hand touching him, memories of Cas from this morning rushed into his mind, stroking himself faster envisioning Cas’ mouth on him again. Oh, god. That fucking mouth. So hot, so wet. Cas’ tongue dragged underneath as he took more into his mouth. Dean’s hand stroked faster in time with fantasy Cas’ mouth. Oh, he was going to come, he was going to come. Feeling his orgasm rising from his toes, he came all over his hand as well as the shower wall, leaning to the side to bite his arm and muffle his moan.
“Salida, Colorado. But that's a pit stop just for lunch,” Dean answered.
. Not when I'm moving in a week. Kinda pointless I'd say.”
It took a long while before Dean also fell asleep.
“Not too early. I wanna sleep in some,” Dean decided, taking a swallow of his beer, ignoring the glass the waitress brought for him.
. Instead of a weekly column, he would be writing daily pieces. He had to admit it was a bit scary knowing he would need to come up with fresh ideas so often. Perhaps his first article would be about life in a large town as a Kansas born and bred, gay man.
“We do, yeah. Thank you.” He meant to tell the truth, saying they weren’t actually a couple. But he just couldn’t stop himself. Once he paid, he smiled politely, making his way outside.
“Planes are completely safe, Dean,” Cas tried informing him.
Dean laid his hand over his heart. “Always an angel.”
They made their way out, Cas glancing over his shoulder making sure Dean was behaving. “Where are we going for breakfast?”
“Don't tickle me,” Cas warned as he slipped his shirt off.
, not that he wanted to either. His fingers gently stroked Cas’ back, moving higher each time. Now they were kissing and it felt incredible. Cas’ lips were warm and so soft... Wait. Was that his tongue slipping inside Cas’ mouth? Cas kissed him in return, just as gentle and slow. Fuck, he was getting hard, he could feel his erection pushing against the inseam of his jeans.
Cas slid down against the back of the tub, sighing with contentment. It was nice not feeling constant vibrations throughout his back from driving, but he couldn’t help but wish he’d insisted on flying to L.A., fought harder against Dean's refusal to fly. They sure as hell would never have ended up in the situation they had that morning… But, he had to admit, moments such as soaking made up for it. Somewhat.
“C’mon, take it off. I got you some cream that's supposed to help.”
“Think of it as a good luck gift,” John answered, clapping him on the shoulder.
Cas didn't realize how hungry he was until he took a first, large mouthful. Neither said much as they ate their meals, which was a blessing in disguise. Cas wasn’t sure he could handle another conversation. After he was finished with his sandwich and fries, Cas went to lie on the bed, his stomach feeling full. He watched quietly as Dean cleaned up their trash and stretched out on the next bed. Dean reached for the remote, flicking on the television to flip through the channels.
He hadn’t actually meant to fall asleep, but Dean’s hands running over his back, fingers digging into his muscles… it had just felt so good. He had to stop thinking about the weight of Dean’s body pressing him into the mattress or else he would get aroused again.
“Should I drop off the key to the office now, you think?” Cas asked, once everything was packed.
“You're the goofy ass who pulled over,” Dean singsonged, relenting and handing him the slip of thick paper.
Cas sighed, shaking his head as he picked up his sandwich and took a bite. Dean couldn't stop from staring. Cas looked at him with a raised eyebrow in question. Instead of answering, Dean simply looked away, starting to eat his own food.
Sam held up a hand to stop him. “I know, Dean. You don’t have to say anything, all right? Just do me a favor.”
Cas tried grabbing for the check but Dean pulled it away in time which didn't stop Cas from trying again. Dean chuckled as he hid the check behind his back, Cas reaching behind him in a mad attempt to grab it, looking as if they were hugging.
He was better than ‘good’ but didn’t know how he felt about getting sucked off by his best friend, a best friend he was practically was in love with. What the hell was he supposed to say?
(See the end of the chapter for
“What about Crowley?”
“Oh, for your back?” Dean asked sympathetically.
Dean looked over to Cas again, meeting his friend's gaze. “What's wrong, man?”
Cas’ smile faltered slightly as the realization of Dean’s words. He was right. Dean wouldn't be cooking for them any more. Cas would be responsible for preparing his own meals. And the thought of that saddened him. He didn't have Dean’s culinary talents but he could at least warm up soup without the risk of burning the house down. Maybe he wouldn't starve after all.
“How fat are we talking?”
“Dean, give it to me.”
“You call
Cas’ thoughts returned to the present as he turned onto last block of his run. Instead of thinking back to the past, he tried organizing a list in his head of things he still needed to do before they left for California. Thankfully, the majority of his belongings had already been packed in the U-Haul cargo van. The only piece of furniture he was bringing was his bed, his new apartment coming already furnished. He’d cleaned his room thoroughly to ensure Dean would get his deposit back, and Dean being Dean, tried on several occasions to get Cas to agree to taking half of it. All of which Cas firmly refused. Despite what Dean thought, it was possible to tell the man no. Well, sometimes Dean didn't listen, but he knew when Cas was serious about something.
“I haven't moved yet, so I don't know.”
Why the hell would he think about
“You know, Cas,” Sam tried, “we got the Codex. That’s a start. You know, it’ll slow Rowena down some. If we’d killed her, the Book of the Damned would’ve been lost.”
“You think it’s crappy?” Cas asked defensively.
“No, we have to get gas, remember?”
“I want to come!” Cas cried out desperately. His grace kept him from coming unwantedly but he allowed himself to feel every blissful second of Dean’s mouth and finger. “
“I tried,” Dean corrected.
“Of course,” Dean rolled his eyes.
Dean just stared at him, bitch face definitely in place. Cas chuckled harder. “Unclench, Winchester. I'm only teasing… Maybe.” Cas winked and stood up, taking his water bottle with him as he went to his room to get cleaned up.
talking to each other that meant trouble. Cas’ own parents’ marriage was the polar opposite. No harsh words or tones were used unless they were fighting, which thankfully was rare.
The waitress returned with their check, looking between them and not sure who give it to. Cas simply smiled as he slid it out of her fingers, thanking her politely. She just shrugged and walked away.
“Sure,” Dean replied with a shrug, giving him a small smile. He hoped he didn’t sound too eager about being able to touch Cas again. Cas dug through the end of his bag and pulled out the medicated cream, tossing it over. Dean caught it one handed and flicked open the cap, squeezing out a fair amount before tossing the bottle back.
True to Dean’s calculations, they drove for another four hours before Dean was ready to call it for the night. Cas stood by the car waiting for Deanto check them in. It was nearing six o’clock according to his watch, the sun was still bright and the air warm. He wondered if the trees turned in L.A. or if they stayed green year round. It would take some time getting used to no more snow during the winters and especially none during Christmas. He remembered Dean dragging him out to help shovel the neighbors driveways and steps when they were younger. Twenty dollars was earned for each of them for their hard work. Hot chocolate and cookies were also payment courtesy of Naomi showing how proud she was of her boys. Cas smiled at the memory as he saw Dean coming back out and walking towards to him.
“No. I’m boycotting eggs. Toast is acceptable.”
“What do you mean? I thought we were getting something to eat?” Cas asked him with a look of confusion.
“Hey! None of that,” he protested lightly.
the next stop is the hotel,” he told Dean who still hadn't moved away.
“I'm done, I'm done,” Dean reassured him with a chuckle, lightly patting him on the back. Then, Dean moved his hands down and started massaging again. The knot in Cas’ back wasn't as tight but was still there. After a few minutes, he felt the knot loosening up.
“All right, smart ass,” Dean retorted. He made no apologies for liking anime, even if he did have to sneak into the bathroom for some relief.
“Again with the insults.”
Getting back in the van, Cass started up the ignition in order to power up the GPS. “All right, what's the address?” he asked, not prepared for Dean to lean in closer, his entire top half practically laid across him. Cas felt his heart racing again, hoping to God Dean hadn’t noticed. Not wanting the touching to end, he intentionally messed up the address. Or... maybe not intentional, as his fingers were shaking. Finally, he was able to ignore the heat from Dean’s body, adding the hotel’s correct address.
“They still offer the Continental breakfast till nine. I saw the advertising on the dresser.”
“Imagine that. Dean Winchester is hungry.”
“I don't know what you have against her. She's very reliable, considering her age.”
“Such a mama's boy,” Dean teased, flipping open the menu and scanning the page for burgers.
“We’ll move ahead,” Cas agreed softly, forcing a smile.
“What a way to go,” Cas teased, chuckling at his own joke.
“All right,” Dean snorted, chuckling, “I won't insult her around her. That sound fair?”
“You boys remember how to get there? You still got that road atlas, Dean?” John asked. The older Winchester didn't trust ‘electric gadgets’ to tell him what route to take and he’d taught both Dean and Sam how to read a map. He had a devil of a time finding one these days, but had been successful, instructing Dean to keep it in the glovebox.
“That's a no. I don't think I have either.”
. Cas wanted nothing more than to kiss him, but he knew he had less than two seconds to revel in how close they were before the moment was over. But, rather than retreat as Cas expected, Dean stepped closer. Castiel’s ass hit the dresser and Dean leaned in and kissed him.
“The toll ticket. I want it.” Castiel stuck his hand inside the window a little bit, waiting for Dean to hand it over.
“Don't be impetulant. Just let me pay.”
Dean just walked away, Mary on his tail, trying to get him to stop for a hug. Cas laughed softly as he got into the van, watching and waiting patiently as it took at least another ten minutes before Dean was able to finally escape his mom's clutches. Cas started up the GPS, having already programmed the address for L.A. the night before. He glanced over his shoulder, checking to see if Dean was moving. Apparently, Dean was waiting for him too as he stuck an arm out the window and held it up as if to ask ‘well?’. Cas simply waved back, letting him know he was backing out.
God, Dean’s whole body was on
“I got Sammy watching my back,” Dean squeezed his thigh slightly in reassurance. “When I come back, I’ll make you some of that tea you love so much, okay? Maybe we can watch a movie or something. There’s still a pile you haven’t seen yet.”
“Now you promise to call, right?” She was typing away as she added her info, glancing up once to meet his gaze.
Cas finally stopped shaking, but it did little to quell Dean’s fear. Cupping Cas’ cheek, Dean tried rousing him gently. Finally he was greeted with blue eyes looking back at him, Dean swallowed his fear as he helped Cas sit up. Sam quickly excused himself, mumbling something about finding another way out since Rowena had taken advantage of their worry for Cas to escape and lock them in.They heard Sam moving about in the distance. Cas didn’t move nor did he try meeting Dean’s eyes.
“I've got more than enough to cover that, Dean. So, could we? After breakfast, of course.”
Cas chuckled again. “I can see why she asked.”
“What are you smiling about?” Dean asked, happy to see him smiling.
“I believe that's true.”
“Sure, why not?”
“Thanks for the vote of confidence, Mom,” Dean deadpanned.
“Are we taking our stuff with us, or coming back?” Cas called out through the closed door.
The narrow, winding road was still quiet at this hour. Cas pulled the van into his parents’ driveway as Dean pulled off and parked across the street in front of his own parents’ house. Cas turned the ignition off, content just sitting there and look at the house. It was still the same deep green clapboard house he’d grown up in, the two-door garage housing his mother's red Ford Focus and his dad's silver Buick Enclave. There weren’t three cars parked haphazardly anymore in the front lawn, one for each of the kids.
“Right, Salida.” Cas sighed, knowing he’d forget again. “Remind me to get some Tylenol before we head back to the hotel, please.”
“Uh-huh.”
He slipped his lubed finger inside of Cas as well, causing Cas to cry out in surprise. Moving his hand, he fingered Cas, his fingertip grazing Cas’ prostate, causing another series of loud cries to fill the room. Dean stroked him at the same pace as his hand fingering Cas.
Dean turned his head and looked out the window. “We should stop for gas before we start going again. Damn guzzler doesn't hold shit.”
fill him with dread?
All right, something was wrong. Cas suddenly looked tense. He seemed okay at the restaurant and in the parking lot. Was he upset because he’d flirted with him at the register? Embarrassed at how he teased him earlier? No, that wasn’t it. Cas would have said
“Oh, you're hysterical, dude,” Dean quipped. “Get your ass in the van,” he mock snapped.
“And why do you keep me around?” He teased with a smile.
Dean wasn’t sure if ‘thing’ properly explained who the Darkness was, but he wasn’t really sure what to make of her either. “Yeah, it’d be nice if he put down the mai tai and show up for work,” he snarked, getting up
“I wouldn’t count on it,” Cas said.
That was it. The end for him. He nearly cried with desperation as he felt Cas peeling down the front of his underwear as his cock was released. He gasped as the sudden air was a shock to his heated skin, but before Dean could start begging again, he felt Cas wrapping his fingers his erection.
“Yeah,” he scoffed, ”until they fall like dead weight. No thanks. Driving's for me. Even if it's not Baby. See there? Not an insult.”
“Wow. You
Cas stood nearly nose-to-nose with Dean, trying desperately to grab for the check as Dean chuckled, still playing keepaway. Frustrated, Cas poked Dean’s side, making him jump and squirm away.
The woman seems to appear out of nowhere. One second he’s alone, the next she’s standing a few feet in front of him, her back to him. Cautiously he steps towards her, finally calling out to her, asking her what the hell is going on?  He doesn’t know how he knows, but he feels sure that she holds all the answers to his questions. She slowly turns, looking at him from the corner of her eye.
“You—you smell really good, man,” Dean whispered and Cas smirked.
Dean orders drink after drink and loses track of time. When he stands, his legs are wobbly, but he manages to go back to the others. Unfortunately, he doesn’t stop drinking.
“Good night, Dean.” he said, still standing with his back to Dean, so he doesn't have to look at him.
Bobby rolled his eyes. “If you won’t go to him in the next 5 seconds, ya idiot,” he barked. “Head that way, all the way down, and you’ll find him. And remember, you’re in heaven, you can wish for anything.” Bobby gave him a meaningful look and Dean put his drink down and got up.
“Yes, Bitch. I’m home now, so go to bed, Sammy,” he said.
“You’re so nice to me, Cas, you know that? You were always so nice... In college, everyone loved you,” he says and Cas waves a taxi over. Although he heard what Dean said, he doesn’t answer. They ride silently to Dean's flat. Cas looks down at Dean, whose head is against Cas’ shoulder, and caresses his arm.
Bobby smiled. “Of course. We all waited for you. Rufus lives about five miles that way! And your Mom and Dad… live over there,” he said, nodding towards the mountains in the distance.
After his walk, he sat down at his writing desk and read through his birthday cards which had arrived in the morning. He regretted a bit that he hadn't planned a birthday party. Castiel sighed and looked out of the window. His life as a Lord was boring- now 30 years old, he had no family, no wife (not that he wanted any women in his bed). For a long time now, he had been in love with Dean and he couldn’t help it. Dean was charming, loyal, his freckles were so beautiful and those green eyes sparkled so beautifully in the sun. He was really desperately in love, but he couldn’t do anything about it..
