Under the armor, Tony was wearing regular jeans and a white t-shirt that was smeared with blood.
"I'm not here to harm you in any way," Steve said, quietly. "I came to ask for your help."
"Security. Or did you think I'd leave you by yourself for sixteen hours?" Tony snorted. "Wanna eat?"
Steve almost dropped, when they finally stopped. The world was spinning in front of his eyes, and his left cheek was scratched - Hulk was moving through the forest not paying any attention to the trees.
Steve hated being watched, the roots of that feeling grew during the war. It was irrational then, and even more so now. The strained silence, however, was broken by Tony himself.
"Already," Tony sighed and sat across from him. "I seriously considered the responsibility demanded by the task we’re about to accomplish, sobered up and slept. Now I need coffee." He yawned, covering his mouth with his fist. "How do people sleep at night? That's so damn uncomfortable."
"With men?"
"How's your saying goes? There's no truth in legs? Let's sit down and talk like civilized people," having got Steve's consent to the game, Stark started smiling, and his voice, silky smooth before, got positively hypnotizing. Steve was actually naturally insusceptible to hypnosis, and to fast-penta since he took the new job. The rest of the substances that could cause a sudden urge to spill anything didn't work on him since that old experiment, so he just smiled back, got comfortable in one of the chairs and allowed himself to be presented with a cup of tea.
A thought in his head that felt like it didn’t really belong to him remarked that that was what posttraumatic shock probably felt like. All the despair he felt during the last months paired with a body that was positively exhausted resulted in a tantrum unbecoming of a soldier.
Steve felt a pang of guilt, his curiosity was clearly dragging to the surface some things that Bruce didn't want to remember.
The mysterious 'he' also recognized them both and froze, not knowing who to start with. Then, he gave them a wide smile.
They went quiet. Steve looked at the city, at Ben walking down below, and at Janet - just with the corner of his eye. For the first time since he came to this world, he wanted to draw something.
"Secondly, I'm also a Captain." Nat showed him her new stripes that hadn't yet taken their place on her collar.
He shopped at a record speed and went back twenty minutes later, carrying a heavy bag. The first person he saw was Bruce Banner, who looked even worse than Tony. Steve put the bag down, and Tony immediately took a bottle of water and didn't stop gulping it until the water was almost gone. The rest he poured on his injured hand.
"Interesting," said Faustus. "You know, I wondered, for a long time, how we got here. At first, I thought I was alone, but then I've heard the rumors, somebody mentioned Doctor Pym, and I've learned that the Iron Man came to this world with me." Tony stopped cradling his hand and straightened up. He was, once again, under the influence of the Doctor's hypnosis. "So I looked, and I looked for answers, but I still don't know. That is not good."
"Your neural system must be going crazy," Steve heard a distant voice.
Steve raised himself on his elbows, and his gaze fell upon Tony standing in the bathroom's doorway. He had a cup in his hand, and the damn blanket was wrapped around his shoulders. Unlike completely naked Steve, he was at least partially dressed.
"The witnesses in Sandy Valley said a giant green monster destroyed their homes. That's where the theory came from, that there was a gas leak because of the earthquake. Then it was chalked up to a gamma-radiation explosion in one of the labs."
Tony was too good to think of something as inconsequential and inopportune. He smiled, leaning into Steve's gestures. He wasn't ashamed of a thing, the opposite, really. As Steve's kisses went lower, reaching Stark's hips, and he froze, looking at a smooth, completely hairless groin, Stark commented, his usual vitriol almost missing from his voice:
Hank said nothing for almost a minute, and then he slowly dragged his hand through his hair and sighed.
"Why do you hide your hands?" Steve interrupted him. He’d talk about anything rather than his issues.
The silence on the other end of the armor was oppressive and wrong. Letting his fear get the best of him, Steve stood up and felt the parts of the armor assemble around him. He breathed in, slowly, and breathed out.
"See?" He leaned back and spread his hands. "A grown-up. Smart. I like it."
"You took your time," she said, instead of a formal greeting. "We have news."
"Miss Potts..."
"What are you doing in France?"
There wasn't much to do on Dalton station, so Steve dived into the info net. The first assortment of news had a strange effect on him, and he came to Stark's cabin with a weird mix of relief and sadness on his face.
"Seriously, Steve," he drawled, "no women? Were you surrounded by blind people? Or lesbians?"
"Feeling weak," Tony finished for him. Steve nodded.
"I think it'll be a good idea to have another course of this... treatment," the Captain grinned, giving Tony a possessive look. "As a preventive measure."
"The adrenalin spike made me turn into the Hulk, and he spitted out the bullet." Bruce rubbed his face with a side of his hand, touched his nose bridge, but, finding no glasses there, put his hand down. "It hurt to swallow for a couple of days, and that was it."
The whole thing was absurd. It couldn't happen, just couldn't, other than in someone's nightmare or a perverted fantasy.
Banner froze, almost looking like he stopped breathing, and then put away the glass and sighed.
"Alright," he squinted like a pleased cat. "I have an italian place in mind, how about we go there?"
Steve heard something about Jarvis from the omnipresent Clint: supposedly, there was something about a few servants in the declaration the Cetagandan had to fill before landing on the planet. Jarvis was mentioned as something of a personal squire for the Consul. Steve didn't have a chance to pay attention to them, though, because they were almost never seen outside the Embassy.
"But I'm willing to bet it'd be someone strange, exiled here for a misdemeanor... whatever they consider a misdemeanor. Disclosing someone's genetic code?" answered Captain Vorbarton.
The sleeping bag's cloth rustled under his fingers, as he pulled it tighter around himself.
Tony's voice recovered its liveliness.
"He'll be alright," Steve said, "whatever happened to him, we'll figure it out. As soon as possible," he hesitated for a moment, and then kissed her forehead. "I promise."
"I didn't know men who operated on me during the war. Well, I knew their names, but I didn't know them."
"Is this a no?" asked Tony, his voice hoarse.
Then, there was the armor. The feeling was like phantom pain throbbing in his chest, as if someone pulled all his nerves into one knot and was taking them away one by one. But how? Why would the military have Tony Stark's technology?
"I don't know where you're going," said Banner, "I'm going to my car, and then – somewhere far from here."
"I picked up the lock with a screwdriver," answered Tony.
They reached the place they were looking for fairly quickly. It was hard to hold Barton and steer the armor at the same time, unfamiliar, Steve only ever carried wounded soldiers for short distances, barely leaving the ground. Now he was holding Barton a hundred feet high and was really scared of losing him – the ghostly feeling of having him slip through his fingers haunted him the whole flight. But nothing happened. He landed on the roof of an unremarkable building and looked at Central park, while Barton was getting used to being on solid ground again.
"Yes, I know! She's above such earthly concerns. And I am, apparently, just grounded enough to be sent to oecumene's backyard and rack my brains over this kind of orders. The poetry's enough to break anyone's brain in itself, and then there's the initial wording of the task! You know, there's this book from the Old Earth, sort of a cultural phenomenon, at least for the Barrayarans of Russian decent. The main character had to suffer through the same things I do."
"Where do you get the money?" Steve asked.
Rogers nodded and made note to remember the name. Drugs or no drugs, it was quite tasty.
"You're not so useless after all, Mister Hulk," said Tony. "Steve, hey, Steve. Can you hear me? How many fingers am I holding up?"
What kind of trauma could put a person in a wheelchair and then completely disappear in a month?
"That's what I thought. Let's leave your question for another time, then. Maybe, you'll indulge me after all and come drink tea with me?"
"Hmm," Stark frowned and asked, "what about the smell? Did the rest of the letters smell the usual way?"
"Well? Did your colleagues take your thoughts about Jackson's Whole seriously?"
"Not anymore," said Tony, looking Steve in the eyes. "I'm an expert in robotics. I study electronics. Trying to make the perpetuum mobile."
"Yeah," Steve gave a monosyllabic answer. He didn't want to talk. "Do you sell maps?"
"If you think your lunch break is over, yes."
Four jumps away from them, haut-lady Mio D'Stark just finished a collection of haikus for her husband and started on another one, for her son. It seemed impossible to express all her indignation about his prolonged silence and approval of her son's choice in just seventeen syllables.
"How was it the last time?" Tony retorted with his own question. He was slowly pulling half-transparent gloves onto his hands. "How do operations normally go? You fall asleep, and then you wake up with a new shiny plate in your chest."
The car swerved to the side and raised a storm of dust, coming down the sideway. Steve turned the wheel to avoid driving into a tree, and Bruce pushed the brake pedal so abruptly, that Steve got pushed into the dashboard.
"I think we can look for it in the engine room," said the ba, after some thinking. "Why would we have it, though? And why do you need it?"
Steve pulled the shirt around himself, trying to fight the embarrassment he was feeling. It was pathetic and undignified, but, in Steve's opinion, it wasn’t really proper to boast about an ugly thing in your chest.
"I've no ties to the government," Steve tried again, "my friend hacked the database to learn your address. I came from New York."
"I'm not paranoid," Steve disagreed.
Steve pressed a button.
"Are you in France?" Steve asked, confused, and Tony laughed at him.
"Can't sleep?" he asked, before coming in. "I don't like loud noises, they stop me from thinking and working."
"I'm not a lady," answered Steve, and then asked all of a sudden, surprising himself, "does Tony invite a lot of people?"
"The pretty girl is called Janet van Dyne, and you're on private property, so get the hell out of here," said Janet.
Vorromanof snorted, showing how little she cared about a suspected spy's makeup, and how little her gender had anything to do with her duties. It wasn't quite clear how she managed to fit all that into a little sound, but everybody present got the message.
"Cool. Found something already?"
Steve’s thoughts without his say so went to the gun stacked in his backpack.
"Just remember, you're not alone," Steve whispered. "You're armed, and I'm here, too. We'll figure something out, together."
"Alright. Describe the evening that preceded your arrest at the Imperial replicator bank."
"Doesn't matter. What's important is that you're okay, and that you didn't do anything wrong with the replicators. I don't think they seriously expected you to, I'm guessing the point was to get me arrested, and still..." Stark snorted.
"What's straight ahead?"
Steve would've probably kept standing with his hand in the air, if Hulk didn't rip a tree out of the ground, right to its roots, with one smooth movement. Hulk threw it down and sat on it, crossing his hands across his chest.
The pause between learning the problem and taking action was dragging out. This last half a year, Steve got used to taking care of problems immediately and almost lost that special sense of time that war brought. Now, there was a timer in his head, counting down seconds and minutes, keeping him from losing his mind. Steve's breath followed that timer and evened out from its jerky rhythm.
"Then that's what we should give them. Officially, your Emperor will receive a note of protest, and you will be banned from Barrayar with all your servants and the ba."
"Open the helmet," Steve ordered, quietly. "Open the bloody helmet!"
Tony threw back his head and saluted Steve with his glass.
"I look for everything concerning one Barrayaran captain. But I don't want anyone to understand that by following the requests I made," answered Stark. The ba was indeed trusted, so there was no need to reproach him for unnecessary curiosity, or to conceal his motives.
"No, I'm a sniper. Your personal sniper, to be precise. And, in case you’re wondering, this baby will pierce even your titanium skin."
Ben, who before now was silently listening to their banter, put his cup down on the table.
Before he finished, Janet already disappeared in the lab.
"What about you, then?"
"I think I need a new one now."
The evening was progressing as it should, the officers from the Cetagandan Empire's embassy were gracious hosts and didn't let the guests get bored. The Consul, indeed, turned out to be a ghem-colonel Stark (that, of course, sounded quite Cetagandan, unlike a more familiar name Anthony). He was gliding around the hall that was decorated like a neglected autumn garden, while leading a few conversations at once, even, as Steve noticed, on a few different levels. His kind replies to questions concerning the culture of his Empire were underlined with an almost indistinguishable sense of superiority. Although he seemed to genuinely appreciate and praise Barrayaran culture as well. He knew it quite well, apparently, but to Steve, and a few others, as he noticed, it seemed like a joy of a parent looking at a well-executed drawing of a five-year-old. He graciously evaded questions about politics, but also asked nonchalantly about everything, including the particulars of relationships in the Barrayaran imperial court.
Stark leaned back, stretched his legs and pulled the strand of hair that was falling on his face all the time.
"Ghem-lord Stark requires extraction from the shower."
As for me, I won't join in,
"Captain Rogers!" he exclaimed, almost with joy. "I was hoping to meet you, though under slightly more pleasant circumstances. This lovely lady..."
"Why did that happen?" asked Steve. "Do you have any data from the project? Photos?"
"Blue," Steve answered on a reflex. He was still feeling slow and half-asleep, although usually five or six hours of rest would be enough for him.
"They don't know you're Iron Man?" Steve asked, confused, and Tony shrugged.
In the end, Steve did go there, but the door was closed, and he didn't have the code. Steve couldn't see the light behind the darkened glass – neither the blue glow of the monitors, nor the white and yellow light of the overhead lamps, but Steve was still pretty sure Tony was there.
The armor stood silent for half a minute and then responded:
"That a problem?" Tony gave him an awkward smirk. "Or did you want to..." He paused, suddenly, tapping his lips with a finger. "Never mind that. I'm getting carried away. What exactly do you want to hear, Steve?"
"I'll take care of you, of course," Tony shrugged, matter-of-factly. "To be honest, I don't think medicine will change much in ten years or so, but I'll keep you on life support as long as needed."
"I see." Steve faltered, "is Tony really Reed's friend? It didn't look like they got along."
"No," Steve interrupted. Tony raised his eyebrows.
For a while, everything went quite. Neither the strange Cetagandan, nor his servants tried to access any more files, other than that of Grant Stuart, which was to be expected. No mandatory, or just interesting events were being held in the Empire's Embassy, and Clint wasn't calling his buddy to the park – it seems, after surviving the youngest daughter's birthday Vorbarton’s household quieted down as well.
He opened his eyes and looked at Steve.
He didn't even think about that, actually, neither then nor now.
Ben frowned, and Tony smirked at that.
Tony threw away the last piece of wrapping paper and stood up, stretching his back with a cracking noise. His t-shirt was still bloodied, as was his forehead, and he looked exhausted and drained, but Steve suspected he didn't look much better himself.
"It's hard for me to judge, not knowing any details, but I'm inclined to believe the Consul. I've read a lot about their society, and children are valued with the same awe as here. Which is understandable, I guess, considering the work and all the hopes of the parents they put into their creation. He wouldn't."
It was early, and the unexpectedly empty mansion seemed gigantic and eerie to Steve. Tony didn't come back; everything in the room was left the same way it was yesterday, when Steve woke up here. Nobody even adjusted the blanked; Jarvis apparently didn't clean here every day. There was also nobody in the kitchen. Steve froze next to the workshop's doors, hesitating, but the moment he stepped forward, the doors opened invitingly, as if they were waiting for him to come.
"Hulk will play hide-and-seek with the metal bug," Steve turned to look at Hulk, and the beast gave him a satisfied grin. "Hulk will hide it far away. It talks too much."
"Everything's amazing," reassured him Tony, looking very pleased indeed. "Trust me, if I don't like something, I'll start screaming, biting, and possible smelling of acetone."
"Probably just stereotypes." She didn't even look at the menu – just ordered a salad and a glass of juice from a waiter passing them by. "I thought all soldiers go to work in police or private security."
The moons practically seemed to be saffron and lilac, which caused an unpleasant association with the face paint of ghem-lord Rau in Steve's mind. He didn't know him personally, of course, but the lord already had an unpleasant influence on his way of thinking. That valuable association, however, Steve decided not to share with his friend.
He turned to look at Bruce, but the man didn't meet his gaze and just hugged himself tighter.
"Yeah," Steve breathed out. Solomon laughed.
Before that moment, Steve was watching the phone with caution, like an enemy. He didn't understand how these things were supposed to work. He didn't really have friends; his relationships with people rarely crossed a line of friendly acquaintanceship. He had a girlfriend once, ages ago, in that different world, but even calling her that was reaching too far. Steve just started courting her when the war started, and that's where the relationship ended. Gail firmly announced she wasn't going to wait, and Steve... Steve got the reactor and the armor. Even now, talking to Tony, he often felt awkward and couldn’t properly speak, feeling like he was about to ruin everything with a single word. The thought that Steve was getting into something that was impossible to predict increased with every passing day.
"I want to go home," said Steve. It was weird, but he was almost disappointed Tony left his attempts to change his mind. Steve just only now seriously considered a possibility of Iron Man in this new world – as a reality, and not just a stupid theory. It only now occurred to him that he didn't have to tear his connection with the past completely.
"My father has been short. Something during the construction process went wrong, or maybe, the height was sacrificed for more important things," Stark shrugged.
Steve was starting to think that in this modern world people were not divided by class or color of their skin, or even occupations, but by being or not being scientists. Steve was hard pressed to say which group was the privileged one.
"There's a guy next to me who insists he came from the past."
Hulk frowned and clenched his fists.
"Do you not require coffee anymore?" the creature stopped at the door. "Your dear mother send a message while you were asleep. As I could understand, that was the thought she was trying to communicate."
Steve read about something like that in Erskine’s reports, long before project Iron Man, but for some reason, the phrase intrigued Bruce.
"Sorry?"
"I'd bet this is going to be a Serious Conversation," answered Tony. He looked like a man who just got assaulted, but at least his hand was bandaged up and not swinging down like a piece of bloodied cloth. "Can we postpone it till we get home?"
Bruce bit his lip and shook his head.
Banner frowned, either in confusion, or irritation.
"They showed me enough, Mister Stark," answered Steve, calmly.
"Don't apologize," answered Bruce, softly, tearing his gaze away from the pictures. "We need to talk."
"I wouldn't drown; I would just freeze." Stark squirmed under his blanket, the last one making an eerie rustling noise. "And yeah, it did help me, it figured out to go look for you. So what, if a ba can't pull with a force of three hundred kilos, it can be left to Jackson's Whole? Those are lovely beliefs to have."
The ghem-lord's face, moments before curious and pleased, got twisted by a sudden bout of fury. Whether this was the alcohol that he wasn't used to, or the stress or everything at once, the effect was sudden and somewhat terrifying.
"I'll drive you," suggested Tony, wheeling his chair forward. Reed stayed behind.
Steve visibly shuddered, feeling a light touch to his hand: from downside up, from his wrist to his shoulder, then even higher, to his neck. His and at the same time other's fingers touched the back of his head, then moved back to his collarbones and his chest. He told himself with a certain degree of desperation that it was normal, there was nothing weird in Tony touching his body when he washed himself. There was nothing weird... The thought was left unfinished when Tony's hand slid down his stomach and grabbed his cock. Steve' stopped breathing, froze and then quickly disconnected from the armor – too quickly, almost painfully. His head was ringing from the emptiness it left beside, and Steve had to take a few breaths to get his bearings.
Banner took off his glasses and started methodically cleaning the lenses with a piece of his shirt, looking away.
"No," Bruce almost laughed. "I don't have medication. God, you're an insufferable fool," he breathed in, wheezing. "Please, go away."
"You wanted to know something."
"I don't think that's a suitable topic of conversation," he remarked.
"My relationship with the armor," said Steve, before remembering himself. He blinked, throwing away the strange numbness, and looked at Tony standing next to him. The man seemed surprised.
He kind of felt nervous. Steve was never good at talking to people, and here, in Tony's house, he was feeling weirdly uncomfortable. He felt a strong urge to ask, what he needed to do, where was the catch, and he had to fight it down with quite a considerable effort.
"You can take it, if you want," the man continued. "It's just gathering dust here. There are a couple of boxes with bullets in the storage."
Tony was going to answer, but loud music interrupted them. Steve looked at his phone, but it was silent.
Janet slapped him on the mouth.
Bruce laughed, briefly. He took the gun, carefully and almost with fear, as if Steve was asking him to touch a wild animal.
Steve woke up at five in the morning from a nightmare. He dreamed he was drowning, and the water was getting into an open wound on his chest.
"It'll take you a while, the first time," said Tony, softly. The parts of the armor dislocated and started slowly coming into places. Steve's head was swimming, like somebody took his hand and was making him slide blindly on the ice. It resembled a bit doing jigsaw puzzles that Steve learned about from Tony, but in reverse: details only found their places when Steve stopped thinking of where to put them. The armor was smarter than it seemed, or maybe, Tony did find a way to make it intelligent after all. Steve read something about people researching that.
"I need to thank you."
"Ultron," said Hank, dimly.
"You could say that," answered Steve, distractedly. "The meeting's already over?"
"Hey," he called, quietly. "How are you doing?"
"Maybe, I'm just trying to be polite," Tony grimaced and moved away, leaning on the wall behind Steve's shoulder. "How do you like the party?"
"You were gone for twenty minutes," Tony touched his face, without the glove on this time. Steve felt the touch but distantly, as if it was coming through thousand filters. "If I did everything right, your neural system should be adjusting now. It'll take... it took me ten minutes, but as for you... well, you can blink already. That's something."
"Are you going to brighten up the yellow moon of Barrayar? How exactly do you plan on doing that? And what's to be made of the blue one?" Jarvis recently behaved like an exemplary ba, so even his irritating pointed questions didn't bother Stark.
"I better go," Steve said, dully, not raising his gaze.
Janet straightened up. Steve again wondered how such a small and fragile woman could become so commanding, almost to the point of seeming cruel. She pointed at Tony.
"Keeping quiet is not about me at all," reassured him Tony. "And if you're not lying – and why would you – you've a natural talent."
Tony stopped and turned to look at him. He was standing a few steps higher than Steve, with his leg raised awkwardly in the air, and frowning at him in confusion.
"Alright," Tony put the glass aside and started drawing something on a tablet, just like that, with his hands in the air. As far as Steve understood his gestures, when the light showed the contours of his drawing, it was a schematic picture of the reactor. "What's the second condition?"
Janet sounded worried. Steve, who was half-asleep, couldn’t understand what she wanted from him at first, but when he did, he immediately woke up.
"What's on his chest?" asked Pepper, and immediately continued, "no, don't answer that. I know you can't ask artists things like that. Alright." She looked at her elegant silver watch and pushed the hair back from her forehead. "When Tony comes back, tell him he's an ass, but I still got us the financing. And tell him not to call me today."
"With all due respect," Steve continued, stubborn, "this is none of your business."
"I'm not going anywhere," answered Steve, almost angry. He got on his knees next to Bruce and tried to touch the man's shoulder, but Bruce recoiled with a hiss. "You need help."
"Don't tell me the idea only occurred to you now," answered Tony, perplexed. He looked terrified of making a single step, resembling a cat that went outside for the first time.
"I accept your argument about personal space," Steve squinted, looking at him. "I won't interfere with your fun." He was attacking blind, actually, the only woman he saw Tony meeting with during all this time was Pepper. Janet didn't count, she loved Hank too much, the same way waitresses that Tony flirted with didn't, as far as Steve understood, flirting was just another way Tony dealt with the world.
"I've no license," Bruce shook his head, raised the gun and squinted, aiming at some point in the field. "But that's probably the last thing that should worry me."
"It's like a... window display for Jackson's Whole," explained Stark to perplexed Steve and Jarvis. "It looks proper and beautiful, but you should keep your guard. And never sign any contracts with anyone."
"But you told me to call you as soon as your mother's message arrived!" the ba explained.
While they were driving, Steve started wondering again, what could cause a person to isolate and hide themselves like that? It wasn't just fear of authority, Bruce wasn’t really afraid of people catching him, but he was of hurting them. What could possibly make him feel this way?
The kaleidoscope of worlds they had to look into was incredible and dizzying. They changed the route a couple of times, so even the pilot would probably be hard-pressed to recreate it. And who even cared about the route when there were so many new things to see and experience?
"I'm suspecting that has a deep meaning," he remarked in a cautious tone. "So, who's going to be telling truth first?"
"This is why I love you," she said. "You know how to please a woman."
Steve came back to himself when Tony, exhausted, leaned on his shoulder. He froze, listening for the man's breathing, but Tony recoiled almost immediately.
"Oh," said Steve.
Everything went blurry before his eyes, and every piece of his body hurt. Steve bit into his hand to stop himself from screaming. The armor was trying to talk to him, and the buzz of it in his head made it harder to concentrate. Only on his third try, he managed to repeat a mental command, and on the fourth try he figured out it was pointless.
"Tony, wake up," repeated Steve, touching his shoulder. "Go to bed."
He spent so much time trying to convince himself it wasn't possible, that there was no way back, and he was stuck here, in his new home. Hearing it wasn't true, after all, made it harder to breathe.
"That was an accident." Tony looked at the staircase and waved his hand. "Hey, Steve, did you see? She's alive!"
"Let him go," asked Steve.
Hulk released him suddenly, and Steve rolled to the ground, helpless, almost hitting his head on roots of a tree. They ended up in a forest, apparently. Lying on his back, Steve saw tops of trees broken by Hulk and pieces of the sky.
"I'll think about it, and look for more information," Steve nodded. "At least, there'll be some use out of my temporary transfer to the headquarters."
Banner's eyes looked exactly like the picture: calm and friendly, with worry lines around them. He probably frowned a lot.
Instead of saying anything, Tony pinched his own shoulder, and Steve winced from the feeling. He'd never felt another person so close, literally in his own skin. That seemed far more intimate than everything Gail ever let him do.
"How will it go?" he asked.
He met all kinds of people at war, but their first reaction to him was always the same: he was either a weird guy in a metal suit who couldn't be trusted without second thoughts, or he was a small weakly boy who somehow got to a battlefield. In both cases, people expected him to prove his worth, and even in his time Steve was already quite tired of it.
"Go away," he said. "I don't want to see your face. Like a high-schooler before his first time. No," he added, "I don't want to argue, don't want to hear any excuses. Come back when you stop scaring the clients away."
Steve pulled the door, but Banner quickly crossed the distance between them and slammed it. He didn't explain, why, but Steve didn't really need him to.
This was probably the mysterious Pepper Tony kept mentioning. For some reason, Steve expected her to look more intimidating.
The guy stepped back and Janet rushed into the room, almost stumbling on a broken piece of a table.
"Hi. You're okay? I'm glad. And this, I'm guessing, is Doctor Banner."
"Doctor Banner!" The man with the megaphone repeated. "Surrender!"
"Break?" Hulk cheered up.
There were still two days left of the vacation that Solomon gave Steve. He wanted to sit down and think – assess all pros and cons, figure out once and for all if he really wanted this. But it seemed Tony had different expectations.
"Bruce," Steve started, but got interrupted before he could say anything.
Steve expected to feel empty, but he felt full of energy instead. The shocking truth didn't explain anything, and brought more questions, than answers.
"The hell I am," said Tony. "It's not my fault that you're a psychotic hypnotist straight from a Nazi camp."
"What is it?" Janet asked curiously and looked from behind his shoulder. "Oh, unknown number? What are you waiting for, answer!"
"Then we're going to my place."
"The rest was easy," he muttered. "That thing in your chest, it's like a magnet for the armor. I could feel you from a mile away."
"You're like a living history textbook that doesn't have dementia," that words sounded almost like an insult, but Tony probably didn't mean it that way. "You had friends, acquaintances, your own life. Reed said you had officer's stripes on your uniform."
"Back to the Future?"
"I'm sorry, Captain, but I'm afraid some urgent business requires seeing to. Keep your question, I think we'll find time to talk again, and then you can ask me."
"Hulk," Steve corrected in a tired voice, before the monster had a chance to get mad again. "His name is Hulk."
"Ba are the haut's servants, but they're more like genderless slaves with some privileges."
Steve came to the edge of the roof. Ben was walking down below, stretching his back.
"I am working," Tony finally emerged from behind the corner. He was covered in wires from head to toe and had a grey metal glove on his left hand. "And convincing people that killing me is a bad idea is actually your job."
"If we get caught," he said, his voice almost inaudible, "the lack of driving license will be the least of your problems."
"I'll come with you."
Hank gave him an uncomprehending gaze, but Janet distracted him. She threw herself at him, with her hands around his neck, in a similar costume and kissed him loudly on his cheek.
"Tony?"
"Listen, we've already established that you don't understand me, and I, surprisingly, don't understand you. But it doesn't stop us from rack our brains over intrigues – and it shouldn't stop us now," Stark murmured, quickly, like a tongue-twister. "Just keep kissing me like this, and everything will be fine."
"At first, yes, while the water was still warm. Then I tried to call Jarvis, but emergency call panel wasn't working. When he finally heard me yelling for him, turned out, the ba, while marvelous workers otherwise, are not really strong. Why are you undressing? So I wouldn't be upset being the only one naked?"
"Glad to see you," said Steve, barely holding back a smile.
"Yes," he said. "I came because of Tony Stark, and..."
"I need to ask you a few questions," the suit insisted. "Miss van Dyne, sit down..."
"You must have information," Steve started, carefully thinking about his every word, "about a project that was started during the Second World War. I looked through the archives, but there's nothing, the only name mentioned was yours."
"Well, alright. How do you suggest I call you, then?"
"Not yet."
"Oatmeal?" Steve asked, on a reflex, and Tony looked haunted for a moment.
"Do you have a specific location in mind?" he asked. "Somewhere we can wait it out?"
"Why couldn't Jarvis be her eyes and ears? That seems more appropriate, considering how loyal they are to their mistresses..."
"I know exactly how much blood I've lost," said Tony. "But no, I don't need a hospital. Armor, determine our location. I hope this piece of trash still has a working GPS."
"Billy, you're right, it's really him!"
"Probably," agreed Steve, spreading the dizzyingly smelling cream along his cock. Every little touch made him want to scream, and he barely stopped himself from hurrying. "And I don't need those. I'm already very..."
Steve shook his head and tapped Tony on the arm above his elbow, still looking at the armor. The moment he did that, he felt a similar touch on his own arm, in the same place, and he turned around, surprised.
He didn't sleep well at all, in fact. A world that he didn't belong to stared coldly at him through the windows, and he had to keep living in it.
"Well," Bruce finally broke the silence. "What happened with the Super soldier project in your world, Steve Rogers?"
"If things didn't change drastically in the last seventy years, I doubt the government will endanger civilians."
"I also like cuddling, but only after a shower. These lilies are starting to irritate me. By the way, it helped, my throat doesn't hurt anymore, and I haven't felt this healthy for a while.
"I hope," he grumbled, "that for once you won't run into any trouble."
"I'm reading," he said, pointing at the laptop. "It's remarkable how much stuff can happen in half a century."
"Travelling?" he asked. "You're a long way away from civilization."
"No."
"Even you? You're the perfect man from the forties, a soldier, a hero, and..."
"Said the guy from the forties?"
"Why did you miss the first?" asked Steve. The armor was scanning his surroundings, looking for the attacker.
"If the locals panic at the sight of the card, get back and we'll look for a more civilized place."
'This is Janet. Do you want to go somewhere tomorrow? Hank has a symposium and only the smart ones are allowed in.'
"There's a taxophone next to the gas station," the guy answered. Steve thanked him, paid and left.
"I'm sorry, I thought of most of the questions too lately, so I tried to satiate my curiosity with available legal methods," he mentally smacked himself upside the head for starting to apologize and justify his actions.
"I was at war." Steve's voice went dry and sharp. He was horrifically ashamed of his inappropriate arousal, that he knew – even without the armor – Tony noticed.
"You don't mind?" Janet hummed. "Hank always gets embarrassed, he gets pale, he gets red, he starts reciting some scientific nonsense. It's like a reflex."
"Seems so," Vorbarton nodded after listening to Steve's findings. They met at sunset, like the spies would in the best novels, in the park that Steve used for running and Clint – to hide from his home life. He dearly loved his wife and adored his three children, but sometimes they could be too much. "I didn't dig up anything on him, but there's a lot of information out there about that haut-lady Mio – at least since she married Stark senior."
"There's no need," Steve shook his head. "I like my job."
Hulk roared at his words, and Tony gave a hoarse broken laugh.
"Are you going to tell me what the hell's going on?" she demanded.
Tony was in the room, sitting behind a desk with his head on his hands, breathing in a slow, measured rhythm that sleeping people have. There were tools scattered all around him, some metal bits, protective goggles, blueprints, there was even a screw stuck to his shoulder. With his hair disheveled and in a simple t-shirt Tony seemed dreadfully vulnerable for some reason, and Steve froze next to him, not knowing where to put his hands. He probably should've woken him and sent him to bed, but the whole situation was kind of embarrassing, like Steve saw something he wasn't supposed to.
"What do you think about the house?"
"I could've ended up anywhere," Steve breathed out through his teeth, "meet all kinds of people that don't test their experimental substances on themselves, don't fly around in the armor, don't... turn into hulks. And I ended up here."
Steve frowned.
"I've been talking to Pepper."
"Maybe. Their home life is what went wrong."
"You've lost someone," guessed Steve.
Steve blinked. The phone - a small plastic contraption with a bright screen - Ben gave him the moment they left the house. He said that was a way of contacting him and promised to show how to use, but didn't really come about to do that.
"It is hard to say. Normally, hand-made gifts considered to have artistic value by default. But I am not aware of talents attributed to Barrayaran people, and even less so about yours."
Tony snorted.
"Not really," Steve grinned. "Ethanol doesn't work on me. At least, not in the way that it does on my compatriots. But it can still warm me up. And cognac has an additional advantage of a nice smell."
She her took her vibrating phone out of pocket and frowned at the number on the screen.
"Do you need some water?" Steve asked, helping her to the couch.
"Don't make me kick you out," she said.
Tony paused, pulling a shard that was deeper than others.
they think. we got exposed to some cosmic rays and will mutate soon
He made a quick step forward, making Steve stumble back and hit his back on the door, and pressed his lips to Steve's.
And then, he started shouting from the pain twisting his body. He clenched his teeth, and his screams transformed into stifled hissing. Steve barely forced himself to keep his eyes open. Tony jerked his hands away, and then pulled a wire from Steve’s chest. To him, it felt like Tony was pulling his spine with it.
"Why would anyone consider this document to be complete when it doesn't even state his age!" he cried out expressively after a few minutes.
"The old Fell, yeah? He was grasping at straws, these last few years," Howard sighed, as if pitying the man. "Trust me, Steve, it might offend you, but there are many more interesting people, than you are in this world. At least, in scientific sense. Anyway, Tony was supposed to find you, and you both were supposed to find me."
"Right, if this is going to be useful, it's not clear, how," Clint lowered his voice and said, in a most conspiratorial tone. "That man is looking for information about you and your family. He's doing it very carefully and professionally, too, the security services still haven’t noticed anything, and I wouldn't, if I wasn't deliberately paying attention. I don't know what is it about the secret part of your records, Steve, but he's very serious about finding it. You aren't an heir of Vorbarr, by any chance?"
"It's fine. I'm unharmed." Tony flinched and looked away. "I hate people messing with my head. I don't think you’re leaving this office on your own, Doctor."
"I'll get fired," Parker stepped from leg to leg and looked around, nervously adjusting his backpack. "What happened there?"
Tony nodded and followed, his legs stiff. He was too used to considering his father dead and absolutely did not expect to meet him here, on Escobar... presiding over a kindergarten?
Tony straightened and shook his head. He was going to step down from the table, but Steve stopped him, holding him with one hand.
"How's your presentation?"
"Can you move your fingers?" Tony tensed.
"Why didn't you wake me up?" Stark growled.
They froze for a moment, watching Steve.
"I'm an intern," some guy said impatiently, his agitated voice could be heard from afar. "I work here. Study. Peter Parker, I'll be in your records, come on."
"There's at least one advantage about this being connected situation," he said, his voice calm. "I can make you orgasm without even touching you."
"Captain's," Steve specified.
The signpost had a big list of metal fastened to it with a lopsided script: 'The next gas station is in 200 miles.' Steve hummed, grabbed the canister more securely and quickly went to the cashier.
He hung up.
"Steve's a grown-up," said Tony with a measured voice, which also sounded different from how he usually talked. "You're someone who's helping him adapt. You're not his babysitter, you're not his nurse, you're most assuredly not his mother or father," he paused for a moment, "Steve's capable of telling me no himself."
He turned the wheelchair around, quite awkwardly; one could guess he hadn’t gotten used to dealing with it just yet.
"I'll let you know as soon as we have them."
"Well, you know how haut-ladies are. They won't calm down until they intentionally repeat the result they got by chance," Howard grimaced. "Most samples didn't escape anywhere, but one of the last once, marked X, managed, and he also settled down on Athos. He didn't achieve the same happy end that his ancestor got, but he's working on it. He has his own school, a lot of interesting children there, all boys, unfortunately, they don't allow girls and hermaphrodites there. We... well, you can say we work together. If it's not too much trouble, I'll ask you to deliver a message to him, as well."
Tony's face was inscrutable. Either Steve was too ill to decipher his emotions, or Tony was deliberately keeping it hidden.
Steve went for the coffee machine, trying to look as calm as possible with Happy's inquiring gaze practically burning his back.
"Get in," he said. Steve sat on a passenger sit and carefully closed the door. The car looked like the money from selling it would be enough to feed a small African country.
"I always wanted to fly," she admitted. "I know there's skydiving, but that's falling, not flying, and I just wanted..." Janet looked at the sky. "I don't know. Freedom? To feel the wind? What do you think?"
"Is something wrong?" asked Tony, with his most polite tone of voice. "Are you uncomfortable? I'm feeling very warm and cozy."
Steve, frowning, followed his gaze. No sunlight was coming through the curtains, and the only source of light was the reactor in Steve's chest.
Later, when Steve was gathering all the empty boxes and cleaning up, Tony went to stand next to the window with his back to Steve. It was evening already, and the quiet neighborhood they were in plunged into the twilight, illuminated only by the soft glow of streetlights. They couldn't even hear cars – people rarely passed this street.
"There's a lot of kids here," said Steve, cautiously. "Some of them are not entirely human."
"Wait," Tony stopped him, "don't hide it."
The explosion caught him on the stairs. He suppressed the panic urge to fall on his stomach and cover his head and almost flinched when he saw Jarvis. The man was quickly climbing up the stairs, clutching a vase to his chest.
"I need to know what happened there."
Tony's home looked nothing like his owner. Steve expected something modern, made of glass and plastic, and not this traditional, almost Victorian mansion with a front gate and ivy on the walls. Steve wasn't even surprised when they were met at the door by the butler – unlike Tony, the tall lean man with a straight back matched the house quite well.
"See? In a couple of hours you'll have to break my bones again."
"Why are you crashing the house?"
It wasn't his pulse beating under his jaw, it wasn't his skin burning, but it was his surprise reflected on Tony's face, like in a funhouse mirror. Tony tried to move away again, Steve grabbed him harder and winced, feeling pain that wasn't his.
Steve's fingers touched the zipper of his hoodey, and he pulled the handle down and started to take it off. Tony's eyebrow went even higher, but he still didn't say anything.
"Tony?" Steve called, softly.
"Why are you leaving?" asked Steve.
Steve turned away, quickly put on is t-shirt and crawled under a thin, rough blanket, trying to shake away the ugly thoughts.
"Shut up," Janet interrupted. "No more talk about your insects, or your lab, or your experiments, or any of that nonsense. Do you hear me?"
"I'm absolutely sure I don't," Stark grinned. "Then again... Yes, I guess I do. But I don't exactly feel like calling Jarvis and asking him to find some lube, sending him to look for ethanol was quite enough."
Another week passed before Steve finally called Tony, after catching a glimpse of him in the news. On the screen, he was sitting next to a read-haired girl on some charity gala. The camera got a lucky shot of him smiling.
That was true, Steve heard something along those lines from Janet.
Steve fell silent, his gaze going from Tony to Jarvis.
"Oh, shut up," the archer snorted. "Let's part our ways amicably. I don't really want to chase you. Go home, don't get in our way, and I'll go home and won't have to kill you. Best case scenario. Right?"
"So, untraditional will do fine?" Steve scratched his chin. "Great. Should the gifts be hand-made? Do they have to have at least some artistic value?"
Steve expected to Tony to go for the reactor as soon as he crossed the threshold of his house, but the man seemed in no hurry. He didn't do anything for a few more days: the next morning after the movies Tony was nowhere to be seen, and Steve used the time to explore the ground surrounding the mansion. The building looked monstrous, to Steve, too old-fashioned. It would seem gigantic even to a whole family, let alone just two or three people. Most of the rooms weren't even open, the right wing was deserted. Steve felt a bit like a character in a horror movie.
"It's you who needs help," Bruce raised his face. It was twisted either in pain, or fury, even his eyes looked almost swampy green, the anger in his voice almost tangible. He looked nothing like a calm, soft man, almost too kind at times that Steve was used to.
Sue came up to them, whisking Janet away from Steve, and he moved on.
"Where is he now?" asked Steve in a hoarse voice.
Stark paced around the room him and his ba were occupying and declared in a rather sarcastic tone:
They looked at the animal.
"It will be," Tony shrugged. "Mistakes move progress forward. As a result of a mistake, an ordinary child became a genius and you ended up in the twenty first century. Don't underestimate mistakes."
"Are you kidding me? He's working for S.H.I.E.L.D. Who in their right mind would go work for S.H.I.E.L.D.?"
"I," Steve hesitated.
"Come in," Banner hang his rug on a nail driven into the doorframe and pushed the door. Steve followed him inside in silence.
"Are you going to tell me you also collect newspaper clips where they mistook you for an alien?" asked Steve. He tried to land gently, but miscalculated something and dropped heavily, hitting the ground with his metal boots.
"They already know my address," Bruce explained. "I don't know why they didn't come earlier, but the sooner I leave the better."
"Star Wars?"
Steve was going to argue, but Tony poked him in the side and pulled him away.
"Oh, Steve," Tony got sidetracked again to yell at someone else. "We know each other so little, and you're already trying to control me?"
The day was dawning. Looking through the field, Steve saw clouds of smoke coming up on another side of it.
As he took a defensive position, Steve honestly expected the attack to come from aside, and not at all from Tony. He was stunned, his vision went black, and his head became heavy, like he was drugged. Tony was forcefully pulling the armor from him, and it felt like his skin was being torn apart. Steve managed to suppress the scream, made a step back and then another, until he hit a wall with his back. Tony was standing in front of him with unseeing eyes, and the armor was collecting into the case in front of him.
Hank nodded and looked at her with a mix of hope and anxiety.
"Oh, finally. What's her name?" his friend interpreted Steve’s answer in his own way.
He was covered in cold sweat. Was it allergy? Poisoned gas? But why would Tony Stark poison him?
"Then finish your drink and let's go. I want to be the first who..."
The armor wasn't looking at him anymore, it was once again unmoving, perfect, and most likely incredibly dangerous. Steve could hardly appreciate all its potential, but even the bits and pieces of information he managed to get during their short connection showed him what a powerful weapon it was.
"I don't even want to count how many religions you mashed into that one sentence," said Steve.
Tony seemed to be thinking about it. He bit his finger, looked away, and brought his shoulders together. He obviously wanted to go the workshop as well and check that everything was working, but something, some distant feeling of responsibility, was stopping him.
Tony wasn't moving. His left hand was a bloody mess: the sight of torn pieces of metal piercing his skin made Steve's head feel fuzzy. Doing nothing any longer seemed impossible, and Steve did the only thing he could think of: he connected to the armor.
"I would offer you to stay at my estate on Eta Ceta, but I'm afraid, my mother's wish to study you will overcome her common sense. I wonder if she had any idea that my father, who wasn't dead at all, took part in making you what you are? The more I think about it, the more I'm inclined to believe my parents were leading me by the nose my whole life. Not the most pleasant understanding."
"You do understand we're talking about me, right?" clarified Steve, starting to feel uneasy. He was on a Cetagandan ship that could, technically, drop him on Eta Ceta, for a successful completion of the haut-lady's and her son's plan. "I'm not really a fan of either option."
The skinny guy - Reed, apparently - turned as white as his coat.
Steve quickly glanced at the armor, at Tony, whose whole face was trying to show how serious he was, and shook his head.
Nothing happened for a moment, and then the mechanism gave in with a squeal, the face panel slid away, and Steve finally saw Tony. Only now, Steve understood what the armor was trying to tell him: Tony's readings – the pressure, the pulse, how much blood he was losing. It was all very confusing, and Steve shook his head, going out of his daze, and turned the connection off.
"Another of Hank's toys," Janet frowned, "Ultro? Altro?"
"Oh." Tony smirked. "You're giving up that fast?"
Steve accepted a cup of tea and nodded. The Cetagandan was digging like a mole, and in a completely right direction. Really, it was strange they managed to at least slow him down a bit.
"I didn't say that."
Steve tensed. People often told him he couldn't lie, although what he said was more of a half-truth, than an outright lie.
Ben treated them like a mother welcoming home her misbehaving children, and the first thing he did was examining Steve from all sides.
"What?" asked Tony, feigning curiosity. "That's a strange reaction for a voyeur who got exactly what he wanted."
The tired man on the picture had dark hair and warm, kind brown eyes. Steve could only guess what could force him to hide away in half-deserted plains of Alabama.
"I'm sorry to hear that," answered Steve and carefully lowered the gun back into the drawer.
"Got it," he said before getting in the car, "I'll call tomorrow."
"I..." Steve tried to focus, but it was really hard. "Did we win?"
"Do you want to go somewhere?" asked Tony out of the blue. "A museum, opera, ballet? What did you like before the war?"
He opened his eyes abruptly and sat up.
"How charmingly direct," he said, standing up. "I love it.”
"Let's not do that," managed to utter Steve, who was busy mastering the art of coordinating movements of his hips and hands. Stark was clearly in favor of that, even his gaze went smoky. "Keep in mind that I'm not gonna last long."
"Why did you come?" Steve asked, cautious. It didn't seem like Tony brought any tools for the operation, or the case with the armor, or even blueprints.
"Sorry. For some reason, I lose control of the conversation really fast with you, and this time I'm even awake."
"Doctor Faustus," said Hank. "That's his name."
He came out of the room, covered in an orange blanket and almost stepping on its edges that came down to the floor.
"I did!" Tony coughed and glared at Steve. "I hacked the files too late and found out I sent you to a monster. How should’ve I known that you'll become friends?"
"There's another bonus, too. Maybe, these babies can speed up your regeneration. Of course, you won't be able to grow a torn off limb, but scratches will start healing twice as fast. And I can carry you."
Don't come up with cunning schemes,
"Iron Man," said the man, and immediately continued, "incapacitate him."
"You worried about him? Hydra," he said, and Tony swayed.
Hulk breathed out noisily, and Steve looked around. The monster, the beast that Ross's little army was so scared of, looked at Steve, as if expecting something.
"Somebody who's really interested in bringing their body to perfection," said the ba. "They don't have to necessarily be interested in bringing down the Empire's foundations, they just have to wish to be strong and healthy, don't they? They learned about your interest in the Captain and got scared that they'll lose the opportunity to get him. Perhaps, they panicked and, when I stumbled upon their people, decided to force their situation, using, as they thought, your servant."
"I flew," Steve said on a reflex, and mentally reprimanded himself for not watching his words.
"You'll yell at me later."
"No, I haven't overslept, Pep," he said, amused. "I'm coming soon."
Actually, Steve wanted to stay at home, but it seemed impolite to refuse someone who came all this way just for him, so he shrugged.
"I need to get up," he said, almost voicing Steve's thought. "Let you sleep."
Steve caught up to him while he was going down the hill. Bruce was stumbling behind, looking distractedly at the town lying in front of them.
They crossed their gazes. If it didn't suit Tony to be serious, this carelessness twisted his face beyond recognition. He was demonstratively cold, focused and impassive, but Steve still noticed how a corner of his lips kept twitching and how cold were the fingers touching his wrist.
Tony put the cup on the table, slowly, and moved towards the bad, still not saying a word. The blanket fell while Tony was on his way, and he climbed confidently on the bad and straddled Steve with no warning.
Jarvis tore his careful gaze away from the screen with mysterious chemical formulas and stared at the Barrayaran.
Of course, saying it called for him wasn't quite the right word, but it was trying to reach the control center in Steve's chest. He forgot this feeling, because, before he was dragged here, he was always connected to it, and that connection was so essential to him he got used to not noticing it anymore.
How was it possible?
The car was parked next to a hill behind the village. It was a small pickup truck; Tony would probably name the model just from a glance. Somebody threw some branches and leaves on it, but the camouflage looked desperately insufficient, considering the car was purple. Steve even wondered why nobody stole it.
Tony stepped back, feigning horror.
Steve carefully touched Janet's wrist with his metal-covered fingers and looked at her open palm with a small dark shard, resembling a broken pixel more than anything real. It blinked red at him.
"Oh, so this is just an interesting way to keep your officers battle-ready and in shape? Well, you should've said, I would've kept Jarvis in the Embassy, it's not a Barrayaran officer, after all."
Tony nodded with feigned remorse, but, apparently, took her words seriously, for a change.
"Does anything hurt?" asked Tony. Steve frowned.
"It’s remarkable," said Steve. "Yeah, I gathered. I'll try, but I won't promise anything. But even if I do get there..."
Hulk didn't hear. He grabbed the crumpled armor and crushed it with his body. There was a sound of hinges breaking, another shot of pain in Steve's chest, but he ignored it and rushed forward. He clutched Hulk's green hand, clenched his teeth and tried to pull Hulk away.
"Don't. Better not touch me now."
"'Cause it's Hank," Janet explained. She was still smiling, but her smile wasn’t as wide as before. "That's his way of communicating with the world. He just needs to be jealous of someone. I'm sure he'll drag you into it as well."
Bruce didn't answer. Sometime later Steve felt himself being paralyzed by his tiredness, making him half-asleep. He was listening to the fire creaking and Bruce's breath, and apparently, counting stars. Reed and Ben were somewhere up there, on the planet's orbit, their rocket should've already left. During the last phone call, Reed promised to contact him and show him cosmos through a camera.
"I get it," Tony nodded, "I'm not either. Besides, if I understood what you were saying correctly, it wasn’t Barrayarans who figured out how to bring any genetic material to perfection. That's already good. If father published his research back on the home planet, he would be either rewarded again or... executed. I don't know. I think, he didn't either, and that's why he preferred working outside the borders of the Empire. As for his partner..." Stark opened a photo on his comm. "I know it's not him, but does he look any similar?"
"And the least comfortable cup I could find."
"And that's a great way to start a conversation." The unpleasant smirk disappeared, replaced by irritation. Tony was squinting at him, so tense, that Steve inadvertently tensed up himself.
Since there was nothing left to say, ghem-colonel sent the letter, rolled around in his chair, giving his eyes and his head a chance to rest.
"Tony will love it," said Pepper. "He's very fond of paintings of himself. The auction's in a week, by the way, I'll remind you about it later."
Outside, Steve caught a taxi, helped Janet inside and pulled out his phone. Tony answered after the eighth ring.
Steve frowned, not knowing who to answer first.
"Calculate the fastest route to Yazoo City. Away from the main roads."
"Alright, I've calmed down. Find me the file on this... Grant Stuart. Let's see, if that's the mirage mother was so gracious to warn me about from half the galaxy away.”
Steve frowned, uncomprehending. Stark’s reaction was surprising, and he didn't quite want to know why precisely the man was so excited.
They had to talk, but Tony, apparently, had been great at playing hide and seek with people he lived in the same house with. Steve remembered Howard's stern face and sighed – he probably shouldn’t have been surprised.
Steve remembered it was Saturday, so Pepper probably didn’t need him to keep her company.
Steve took a deep breath, calming himself down, and pushed the door. Tony was sitting on the table – alive and whole, his pulse slightly slower than normal. He wasn't bound or knocked out, but he was not moving, looking at some point in front of him, and didn't react to Steve coming in. He was just in his pants, but by the looks of it, he wasn't tortured.
Steve was planning on doing something, like reading an article, or a book, but he just couldn't make himself move. He couldn't even fall asleep, although it was nearing 2 am. He felt as if for the first time in two weeks he finally accepted that he was never going to come home.
Steve sighed.
"Hey, I'm not here to fight," said Hawkeye. "Boss went crazy suddenly and decided you can help me. Air support, all that." He tilted his head sideways. "My partner's busy somewhere else, and to be honest, I'd prefer the pretty girl behind your back, but the boss insists..."
The alarm woke Steve up at seven. He had breakfast in a diner adjusted to the hotel. A bored waitress there told Steve how to reach the address he had written down.
She pulled the phone away from her ear and stared at the screen, baffled.
The muscles under his hand went through another spasm. Bruce curled around himself even tighter, clenching his teeth so hard Steve could almost hear it. He was breathing heavily – like a dog, with loud noises erupting from his chest every timed he seemed to have almost forcefully pushed air into his lungs and let it out.
"Whatever you think of my behavior, I clearly stated my intentions in the invitations," said Stark, calmly. He clearly was of an opinion that everything his ears caught was intended for him. "If my guests' behavior went beyond the pre-considered boundaries, it was of their will. By the way, Captain... You've never accepted – or even answered – any of my invitations. Do you find me so unpleasant?"
"Are you a genius, Steve?" Stark glanced back at him. "You look like one."
"Not as far as I know."
He stepped closer to Bruce, touching his elbow.
"Doctor Pym's expecting you," he said.
"What, did you expect modifications here as well? They went out of fashion during my grandfather's time. So, no ten differences here."
"Yeah," answered Steve, still not quite understanding, what he was agreeing to. "Of course.”
"Did you come for that serum?" Banner suddenly burst into hoarse, barking laughter, looking at him like a cornered animal. "Do you want to enhance your strength? I'm afraid that's impossible. Go home and get a gym membership."
"Pepper, this is Steve, he lives this us. Steve, this is Pepper, I told you about her, she's just back from Milan. I think she hates Milan."
"I don't have access to the workshop," he said. Tony turned away from the ties he was contemplating and looked at Steve.
"I... I don't know." Hank rubbed his face again, looking exhausted. "The more I think about it, the less I understand. Like there's some block in my mind."
Her own tail, long, with black and red stripes and a charming white spot at its end, was tapping the floor.
He didn't know how to approach him, and what touches would cause even more pain. One thing he had to do was take away the helmet and check the breath, but, as Steve touched the body of the armor with the tips of his fingers, doing it manually seemed impossible.
"I," Hank hesitated. "No. I remember being angry and I remember pouring the solution over me, but then I woke up in the chaos already."
Tony moved his shoulders, and the armor turned off. He paced around the workshop, took an empty glass from a table and a bottle with golden liquid from a shelf.
Janet crossed the hall in just a few steps and froze next to the lab's entrance. Another 'suit' immediately rushed to her, trying to say something, but Janet suddenly stumbled back and would've fallen if Steve didn't catch her.
"It’s likely I won’t understand a thing," finished Steve, already in the hall staring at the closed door. "Great."
ps cosmos is COOL
"And fear," Steve added, who, as far as his cover allowed, was friends with Natasha Vorromanof, a very serious daughter of a very serious father, who preferred backbreaking labor of Imperial Security to the blitz and glamour of social life. She was closer to Clint, mainly because she was often helping with the chaos of trying to raise three children at once in her free time. Why Clint's wife, a pretty but unremarkable woman, wasn't jealous of a startling beauty that was Nat, constantly hanging around Clint, was a mystery.
He started the pickup, raising a cloud of yellow dust, and crossed a field with the car rumbling loudly. They were driving for ten minutes, before a narrow overgrown track appeared in front of the car, and Banner slowed down a bit. The rumbling, however, didn’t get any quieter. Steve thought about Tony again, how he would get a seizure if he'd ever end up in this car. Tony couldn't tolerate people not looking after their tech properly.
"How many?"
"Ma'am," Steve answered. He wasn't quite sure how he was supposed to react. "I'm alright, ma'am."
She snorted.
"We're like in a spy novel," she said. "Other times I wouldn't mind, but today... Steve, what's happening?"
"How about personal space?" Steve sighed. Tony was apparently one of those people you had to tell everything directly.
But what do you do, when you're appointed a messenger?
"I think," he said, "we'll need... something. You know what I mean."
"I delivered three invitations to the ladies and headed towards Captain Rogers' house," said the ba. "On previous evenings, that was the place I started at, but this time I decided to go there last, since the Captain was ignoring the invitations. The hall was dark, so I didn't go to the mailboxes immediately and started looking for a switch to turn the light on. I don't remember, what happened next. When I regained consciousness, a man ordered me to stay still and put my hands up. I did that, but he still stunned me. And here I am."
"I couldn't have made a mistake with the date, the age and rank are clearly pointing to it," muttered the ghem and frowned. Could he have made a mistake, estimating the age of people living such short lives? He couldn't have. Although...
When Steve woke up, Tony was already gone. He'd chalk it up to his delirious imagination, but the blanket next to him was crumpled – if Tony was sleeping next to him, he apparently didn't feel like getting under it.
"I found the info on doctor Banner the next morning after our call," said Tony. "But your phone was already disconnected."
"Well, not exactly. Her future husband, now deceased, was also quite an enterprising individual. One might say outstanding, in some ways. And when he started working with an Escobaran company that was involved with genetic engineering, it was only natural to add a supervisor that, by default, knew more than him," Clint shook his head, marveling at the oddity of Cetagandan rules.
Hawkeye raised his glasses, like a gentleman would do with a top hat, and bowed mockingly. He was very young, with disheveled blond hair and bright blue eyes. Clint Barton, as Steve remembered, didn't look at all like a mercenary and a killer. He looked like someone you wanted to trust.
"No need," answered Hank. "The particles aren't exactly for changing size, they're for controlling insects. Didn't Tony tell you? Anyway." Hank lowered his gaze. He often avoided direct eye-contact. "Me and Janet will figure ourselves out."
There was still a chance to turn it into a joke, but a small one, if Stark kept stroking him like this.
'No, you made an impression of an intel gathering station, poorly masquerading as a Cetagandan,' thought Steve with a hint of awe. The ghem-lord was looking at him with his naturally mournful eyes and almost forcing Steve to feel guilty – look at him, playing spy games around a perfectly innocent consul, making him feel nervous, and now looming like a vengeful spirit...
Janet crossed her hands on her chest, looking threatening – the same way she did the day Hank's lab got trashed. She noticed Barton's gaze and tried to hide her legs with her gown, but it was too short to be able to hide anything. Barton grinned, but for some reason, Janet looked neither hurt, nor offended, in fact, she was hiding a smile. Sometimes Steve didn't understand anything about women.
"You don't want to talk about the forties either, I'm guessing." Steve very pointedly shook his head, and Tony snorted. "Alright. What then?"
Steve pulled out of his grip and came to Janet. Dugan yelled after them:
Steve hummed. He liked Reed, even though it was his fault Steve ended up here. But it was impossible to be mad at the man, or even upset. It was as if Reed existed in his own cocoon, and regular human emotions penetrated it with some delay.
"I think if one of us is going to mind that, it likely will be you," Tony smiled and moved even further. "And I'm not really ill, just shock, stress and anger decided to take their toll on me all at once. It'll pass."
"That's right." Clint opened the door in front of Steve, followed him inside and carefully closed it behind them. "She's probably dissecting your Cet right now, and let's hope it's only a metaphor."
Steve and the news had other thoughts on that, but arguing with Solomon was useless.
He felt a blanket being draped over him.
"I'm right here," remarked Janet.
The view from the windows in Doctor Faustus' office opened unto Central Park. Steve gave a hollow laugh, covering his face with a hand.
Tony grinned.
Watching Banner pack Steve realized it wasn't the first or even the second the man had to leave his home behind taking only the most important things. He wasn't wasting time, wasn't hesitating and knew exactly how to cover his tracks.
"Well," said Steve, "we still ended up together in this."
"Great," a smile on the Cetagandan's face was worthy of the Cheshire cat. "It's a boring agricultural planet inhabited exclusively by men."
we're okay. Reed and Victor have been arguing who's to blame for four hours, I'd be worried if I were Sue
"I'm sorry," said Steve, softly. "I was angry and said things I shouldn't have said. As did he. How do you reconcile, on Cetaganda?"
He tried to relax and look unruffled, but still almost visibly flinched when a man in a wheelchair appeared in the doorway. Reed, quiet and disheveled, stood behind him.
Sometimes Steve found himself stupidly jealous of Solomon. The man was the freest person Steve ever met. He owned an art store, knowing nothing at all about art, painted gauche pictures that he gifted his friends, called himself an anarchist that didn't give a crap about anything, didn't eat meat and donated to an orphanage. He was also chatty, had a dog without a name, liked to read poetry aloud, and he hired Steve without even asking to see his ID.
"My baby noticed you, but didn't quite understand what you are. You two are incompatible systems, I suppose. Holy crap," he repeated. "I got my hands on a treasure."
"Sorry," said Steve and flew up quickly – maybe too quickly. He heard the archer swear, dodged an arrow that flew by him, but it blew up right in the air, throwing Steve backwards. He could fire small rockets after the archer, or, as the display conveniently suggested, a smoke bomb, but something told him the man was ready for that.
Reed looked weirdly nervous. Steve only saw him like that once, when Sue announced that she's taking the whole thing – Steve’s adaptation and getting to know the world thing – under her control.
"Well? You're going to walk around? You can try flying – the ceiling is thirteen feet high."
"He said, a couple of scientists that were staying late, you know how absorbed they get in their work, well, they all left together. Just took their cars and left."
He didn't want to stay in an empty apartment. He didn't particularly want to stay in this world and time either (that thought was still hard to get used to), but he was very good at adapting.
Nor out there running free.
Tony raised his eyebrows, not saying anything else. For some reason, Steve felt like an old boring man, the kind Solomon was accusing him of being.
"I could never hold him back," Bruce said. "He didn't come all that often, but..." A nervous smile twisted his face. "When he did want to come, I could do nothing."
"But you can probably do that with friends," he noted, "especially when their teeth can't stop chattering."
"At this particular moment, it was very untimely," the ghem-lord hissed back at him.
He was interrupted by loud ringing of the doorbell and the sound of Reed's heavy steps, who was most likely side-tracked on his way to the kitchen. Ben frowned, and Steve went quiet. In two weeks, nobody came here but Sue, and she had her own keys.
"And you decided to help her?"
"Then I'll repeat it," Vorbarton nonchalantly waved his hand. "But it should be interesting indeed. Their new Consul of cultural affairs is coming..."
A couple of times he woke up after bizarre nightmares that he couldn't even recall completely, because thinking was even harder than trying to open his glued together eyelids. He was finally dragged from the bed by the insistent ringing of the doorbell– the guest, whoever that was, was most likely pressing it for a while and starting to lose patience.
Steve paused, for a moment. Hearing somebody speak was apparently calming Bruce down, he was breathing easier and didn't have spasms as often. But what could you talk about to a person you didn't really know that was fighting a strange disease in the middle of a field?
Sixteen hours? That's how long he was asleep?
Steve closed his eyes. Behind closed eyelids, the darkness was red at the corners, illuminated by the sunlight. It wasn't bothering Steve. Hardly anything could bother him at the moment.
The light from the fire cast shadows on Bruce's face. He coughed and put aside a cookie he hadn't finished.
"I put my number in, call me. If Hank answers, just say you're Tony."
"And how did it get onto a presumably guarded site? Who gave him the codes, especially multi-level ones?" asked Clint, who, before now, seemed to be pretending a piece of furniture with a piercing gaze.
Tony smirked, and the illusion disappeared.
"To properly get you acquainted with out world," Tony hummed, "Jarvis says you liked the library, right?" Steve nodded. "And you haven't even seen my movie collection yet."
He fell onto the bed, like someone cut his legs off, and accidentally pulled Tony with him. Steve's face was pressed into the blanket and it was hard to breathe. Something inside him demanded he prepare the bed, at least take the shoes off (his shirt was still in the workshop) and lie down properly.
"You're a bastard," she hissed. "Never, do you hear me? Never do anything like that again."
"As if you aren't," said Steve. "I want to go to the armor."
"There were people here, did they talk to you?" asked Tony.
"Steve, are you asleep, or something?"
Steve read the letter a couple of times. Not that it was particularly informative, Johnny's manner of writing wasn't that far off from the way he talked, but after the third attempt, all the leftover anxiety from the nightmare was gone. In hindsight, this was kind of funny.
Why was he feeling so bad? Of course, Steve could never brag about having excellent health, but these sudden bouts of dizziness weren't normal even for him. He closed his eyes and tried to mentally count from ten to one, but with every number he was just feeling worse. The feeling, however, seemed somehow familiar, and he frowned, trying to remember, till all of the sudden, the realization hit him. It was the armor, calling for him.
The morning sky was so bright blue it hurt Steve's eyes. He was long used to weather being unnaturally spiteful to human drama – the most horrible events in his life always happened under a clear sky.
"He left the workshop half an hour ago and went to his room," Jarvis adjusted the flower pot and slowly went towards the kitchen. "I would guess, Steven, you've time to catch him before he locks up."
"That's impossible," he said, relieved. "I mean," he continued, noticing Steve's confused stare, "you can be Rogers, but not the Rogers. I don't know, how you even found out that, but..."
"Doesn't it hurt?"
"Yeah," Steve answered. The courier gave him a wide smile.
Steve also wasn't sure he should've worried about Tony. The man loved to disappear and behave so unexpectedly, as if surprising the world with his mere existence was his mission. He could've gone away on business, or to entertain himself, or accidentally fly to the North Pole without telling anyone.
"It's disgusting, but drinkable," he concluded.
"That's true," the man nodded. "You see, it's much closer to the haut race genetically than I am. A lot of changes in my genome were tested on it beforehand, which makes Jarvis almost my relative in my eyes, even though such attitude is unpopular back home. Trying to test its blood, you would interfere with my mother's work and... well, at the least, infringe upon her intellectual property," he smirked.
"Not a word."
Tony leaned over him, looking worriedly into his eyes.
"I'm afraid that's classified," Steve was finding it hard to choose words and making pauses in his speech. "Sorry."
Steve reflexively squeezed Tony's shoulders, and the man hissed from the pain, making Steve frown.
"The war's over," Steve answered simply, and Tony gave a short laugh.
Stark froze, looking the way Steve showed him, and nodded, slowly.
"I," Steve hesitated, "I went to an art shop."
"Why do you need this?" Steve was starting to get angry, and the attempts to fight that feeling just made him even more so. "Are you curious? Bored?"
"Of course, it's much worse than pretending to be dead to your own family, like your dad did? That's a lovely Cetagandan tradition, you can just feel how much ghem-lords care about their families!"
Tony had time to change his clothes. He patted the chair's arm.
"About the reactor," he muttered, "we shouldn't have any secrets from each other with the amount of work we're about to do. So, about the reactor, not all control secrets are this exposed and scaring the ladies... I'm sure it does that, the thing in your chest can only excite a crazy scientist." Tony blinked. "I'm talking nonsense."
"Come on, quests are beautiful, they stop your mind from getting old," Howard smirked. Seeing as the man was slightly older than a hundred and fifty, Steve was inclined to trust him on that.
"Well then, keep in mind that we are both on duty."
"I don't want to seem impolite, but you didn't just come here to charge my phone, did you?"
"I wanted to talk!"
"That's what I thought," he said, his voice clearly disappointed in addition to still being angry.
"No, don't argue. We will be gone for a really long damn time, and this is the least I can do. Fact."
It turned out to be surprisingly easy to avoid someone living in the same house as you. Steve and Tony had sufficiently different schedules – Steve woke up around the time Tony usually went to bed. It's like they separated the house into sections: the whole basement was Tony's, the second floor was Steve’s, and they went to the first floor at different times.
The pack of dispatches landed in the terminal shortly after. Steve quickly looked through the addresses and could only scratch his head. It seemed, the Colonel was determined to keep him as far away from home as possible: the letters were bound for Illyrica, Escobar, Eta Kita, even Athos.
He patted his pockets, took out the phone and gave a string of numbers on the screen a puzzled gaze.
Steve gave Natasha another questioning look. She was, after all, in charge. She answered with a look of her own, confused, but not angry, and handed the consul a pack of wet wipes.
"Of course," Steve nodded. "I want you to make the armor for me."
"You're delusional." Steve breathed out, relieved, and cleaned his hand on his trousers. "I hope I wasn't in a bikini." Despite Tony's protests, Steve pulled the man's hand around his shoulders and hugged him. "Let's go."
Steve gave him a puzzled look.
Her gaze was jumping all over him, as if she was trying to recognize familiar features in the metal armor.
"About the war. About its absence. About the bombing of Dresden," he answered, putting it on a small table, bowed to Steve and left.
"I watched Lion King with Reed," Steve tried to excuse Ben, but Tony just shook his head, absent-mindedly stirring the coffee.
When a member of the crew whose name Steve still didn't know announced on the internal communication line that Steve was being officially summoned by the capital, neither Steve, nor Tony were fit to appear in a polite society. Nethertheless, Steve tried to make himself presentable and took comfort in the fact that the collar of his uniform hid his painted neck when he sat in front of the comm. Vorromanof, frowning, looked back at him.
"Our analysts noticed strange activity among scientists a while back," Barton answered, completely serious, and Steve turned to watch him. "Oh, you're staring with those slits again. Creepy." Steve removed the faceplate, and Barton nodded. "They started digging into it, but couldn't find anything concrete. Today's lead is an accident. If you didn't go to Pym, we still wouldn't have anything to go on. But you did, Hansen came back to herself, and everybody took two and two together and linked it to their shared therapist."
He shuddered, as if only now coming to his senses, and stepped aside – Steve's hands, without the support, hovered for a moment in the air.
It was a bit like jumping, only Steve didn't land, staying in the air with his hands awkwardly moving around. The stabilizers were buzzing, making his skin feel weird, like tiny insects were crawling all over it. Then again, Steve wasn't all that sure the stabilizers were at fault – he could've been feeling nanobots.
He heard the bed creak and opened his eyes – Tony was slowly pulling the curtains close. For a moment, Steve saw his silhouette freeze on the dark red background, as if the man was hesitating, but Steve's eyes were already closing again. He was falling asleep. Still, he remembered feeling the matrass buckle under the weight of another's body.
Things went well until they reached one of the doors, it opened and a tall man with a cane stepped through. He looked out of place among broken beams and shattered windows, with his carefully pressed suit and a monocle. Like a ghost of times past.
"I'm not going to be my friends' charity case."
His hands started shaking again, and Steve touched his wrist.
An haut-lady? Well, that explained careful attention to the hair. Members of haut Cetagandan aristocracy never cut their hair, and it was the main and integral part of their style. So, the mother of the colonel married a ghem-lord, while losing most of her own social standing. She even gave birth to- well, constructed a ghem son.
Well, he took Steve's keys for the register and pushed him towards the door.
"What happened?" immediately asked Stark, stopping his tinkering with a small device, probably copied from Illyrica.
"Alright, let's go to Athos. I'd wager we'll get another piece of the puzzle and a new stack of dispatches."
"This thing can be taken out, right? It has to, I can see how it's attached," Tony circled the metal plate with his finger, got ahold of something and gave a satisfied nod. "Okay. Alright. Let's do this."
"Are you kidding?" Pym raised his eyebrows. "How would I even..."
Stark didn't have a talent for poetry, all his inclinations were towards development of technology. But he looked at the terminal, slowly breathed out, as if preparing to enter into a cold lake, and stroked the keyboard.
"Do you know why I like the Chinese?" he asked, not even giving himself time to chew the food properly. "They have everything in abundance. I don't particularly like anything else about them, true, but this..."
The Consul's ship was hovering next to a wormhole tunnel leading to Komarr, so Steve had an opportunity to talk to Natasha directly, even if there's been some delay. Stark, on the other hand, had to compile a long message that would get compressed and sent towards Eta Ceta through a series of tunnels, so he was suffering, trying to describe the news of the last couple of days and his own revelations into appropriate poetic form. Steve watched him for a while, sympathizing with the poor man having to count his syllables, and sat in front of a terminal. A couple of lines of code, two redirections and the Commander's stern face appeared on the screen.
She jumped, without waiting for his answer, and Steve had to grab her elbow to stop her. He took out a crumpled bill and left it on the table.
"Miss..."
"Who?"
"It'll be alright," said Steve, softly.
"Yeah, animals for the research," Janet nodded. "Greenpeace is weeping. Okay, why should we stay here, while those two are having all the fun?" She grabbed Steve by the elbow. "Let's go take a walk."
"And here we are. So, how should I call you? Howard? Walter?"
The second edition of 'Traditional ghem face paint for idiots and Barrayarans' turned out to be a smaller file, most of which was comprised of colorful schemes, drawings and photographs. There was not a lot of text, so Steve read it first, but quickly understood that trying to fathom it without the pictures was confusing.
"I never thought you were boring," declared Tony, with his teeth chattering and clearly too cold to resist any of Steve's ministrations. "But this won't do any good, other than making you cold and getting your suit wet. Besides, I have my own clothes here."
"I've no license," Steve said, unsure.
"To find proof to what the last consul discovered."
Reed shrugged.
"I'm just different."
"Hawkeye," said Steve, suddenly tired. It was a bit stupid of him to expect to be let go so easily, it was even more stupid to let the man get close. This whole day seemed just like a series of stupid ridiculous accidents that was coming apart like an old rusty mechanism. Steve could only imagine what was waiting for him next.
The man froze, blinked, adjusted his glasses, as if focusing the binocular.
"No."
He didn't, however, tell Steve anything about Tony.
"Comes with the territory. I didn't touch that thing since then. I'd rather handle a rattlesnake, seems safer. Why would a good guy need a gun, if he's not a cop? I think, if you just sit quiet, you aren't gonna need it."
Now, all hope that Tony was okay was gone. Even if this was all a stupid misunderstanding, Steve was prepared to hear the man berate him for ages, but he couldn't stand still knowing this was happening to him.
"Just one last time," Hank whined, pleading. He looked over Janet's shoulder. "Tony, do you know that if you splash the particles on your clothes, it shrinks with your body?"
"You spent so much time trying to get me to agree to it, and now you're discouraging me?" Steve asked, confused.
"And you were fourteen?"
"You only attack me when you come back from Milan."
"Calm down, I got you," he said. "So, how is it? Nothing like the forties, right? Tomorrow, we can shoot Frisbees from the roof. Or fly around the suburbs, you've no idea how much the elderly like UFOs."
"A cool device you have there," the courier pointed at Steve's chest, humming. "What's it for?"
"Do they know, who you are?" he asked. Bruce took the gun and breathed out.
"They were interested in my research," said Hank, visibly pleased. "They left me a number. It's a private organization."
"I'm in."
"Wow," he said, putting his hands in his pockets. "Is that the control center? Implanted into your body? Wow. Your military guys were creative. How does it work?"
"It just didn't occur to you that somebody could be so careless as to not install waterproof electrics," answered Jarvis. "I couldn't open the door from the outside, but I brought Captain Rogers. If what you think about him is true, he should be able to mechanically overpower the door's resistance."
He and Tony didn't talk anymore that day. Steve read, occasionally pausing to wander around the house or eat, and Tony slept till evening. It seemed, they had the exact opposite routines – when Steve went to bed, Tony, judging by the noise coming from the corridor, just woke up. He called for Jarvis loudly and yelled at someone on the phone, so Steve decided not to interrupt.
Then, Steve noticed that he was sitting practically naked – if you disregard the long skin-tight underwear he wore under his jumpsuit that was called under-armor, for some bizarre reason – next to the ghem-lord who was covered up to his ears, and, excusing himself, he reached for a spare jumpsuit.
"You don't like people touching you," he clarified.
"You need to go to a hospital," Steve said again.
"Sorry," the man gave him an awkward smile, "she does things like that sometimes."
"You're even more paranoid, than me," said Bruce. Steve smiled and sat down again, turning his chair, so he could press his elbows to its back.
"No, to warm you up faster." Steve, now only in his underwear, started trying to force the ghem-lord into the jumpsuit. "Your pride will be your undoing. You could've called earlier... Yeah, I know I'm boring, don't waste your breath telling me that."
"Look at that," he drawled, "it's the middle of winter, but that mansion has an autumn garden around it. In your colors. And there's no dome."
Steve snorted. He heard the rustling sound of steps, a click of the door, then – a thud and Tony's hissing. Apparently, Steve was wrong about the night vision.
"A side effect?" suggested Steve, but Tony shook his head.
From behind the door, they could hear a sigh and retreating steps. It seemed, Jarvis came for new instructions and instead got something entirely different.
"Hey, Steve, had these boring people showed you the world yet? Properly?" Stark continued, ignoring Ben's grimace. "Surely, not."
"I don't think we will, actually. Natasha and Clint will find the criminals quickly, especially if we're going to help them from here," objected Steve.
The shower went fine, nothing else weird happened, as did getting dressed and coming down the stairs.
"Me?" Stark opened wide his beautiful eyes, particularly bright on a face devoid of face paint. "Even if it would somehow occur to me to do such a thing, I couldn't make Jarvis do that. I'm not its mistress."
"You are about to start a classic villain lecture from superhero movies," muttered Tony. "Great."
The voice was familiar, but Steve couldn't recall, why.
"Do you want to talk about anything?" he asked.
"Pepper said you live here," the man remarked. Steve fought the sharp inexplicable urge to stand at attention and kept making coffee.
A powerful blast brought down the wall behind Steve back. He hit the floor with his knees. The concrete beneath him started cracking and falling apart. Steve grabbed the ledge, but before he could raise his head, he heard glass breaking and a shout, and a part of the wall and the floor fell down. It brought with it Faustus. And Tony. And his way home.
He was breathing in a peculiar way; Steve saw that technique before, being used to calm people down.
"What did he do?" he asked, instead of greeting Clint who emerged from the shadows next to an inconspicuous door.
"You didn't get a chance to take a look at his records?" asked Vorbarton, surprised, when Steve shared his thoughts. "His mother is an actual haut-lady. I think she was given to his father for exceptional service, or something like that. I'd say it's almost like that tradition to gift a white elephant that some rulers on the Old Earth had, but..."
"How did they implant it? How does it even work, do you need to think a certain way? Are there commands? Codes? Mental Morse code? That's too many questions. Alright."
"I suggest you give yourself up," Steve heard from his speakers, "I won't miss the second time."
The noise was getting louder, but Steve was only aware of it because of the vibration in his legs. The blood was rushing in his ears, and everything swam in front of his eyes. The mere possibility of choice was driving him crazy, as if he was falling into abyss.
"Why don't you just take a look?" Steve asked and flinched, when Tony tapped him on the chest with a stylus.
"Me," answered Steve, absent-mindedly watching Janet and Hank, Clint with a red-haired woman he didn't recognize, thinking of Bruce sitting alone in the kitchen. "I think, sometimes it's good to have a team."
Stark, pushed into the jumpsuit and wrapped in the blanket, started shivering even harder.
Steve thought about it.
He squinted, looking at Steve's hand, and made a rush, awkward move away. A line appeared between his eyebrows. He rubbed his forehead and reached for the thermos.
Steve looked, irrationally annoyed, as the blood dripped from Tony's fingers. He was just hoping they could still save the arm. How advanced was medicine these days, anyway?
Steve gave a cautious nod.
"I'll be free in an hour," answered Steve, after looking at the clock in the right corner of the laptop screen. "Why?" he was pressing the phone to his ear by his shoulder, and trying to type something into a web browser, but the phone call interrupted his thoughts and he couldn’t remember what it was anymore.
The door was open. Steve froze, all possible scenarios turning around in his head: Sue and him were the only ones with keys, but she and her brother followed Reed into space. Perhaps, they were back, or the flight got cancelled, or Reed needed something from the house. It was equally likely, however, that somebody broke in. The lock looked untouched, but it didn't lessen Steve’s suspicions. He slowly opened the door, walked in and raised his eyebrows in surprise. There was a distinct smell of coffee coming from the kitchen, and the TV was turned on. Steve thought that even the craziest burglars in the world wouldn't be this cheeky.
"I did," Tony answered. "They tested the blood. It's from a whole lot of lab rats. Somebody's in for some trouble, but at least our Hank didn't get smeared across the wall."
"Secondly," Doctor Faustus continued, undisturbed, "this was not my plan. I'm not Schmidt, or Zemo," Steve bit his lip, hearing familiar names; "I'm not obsessed with acquiring power. I don't need to bring Earth to its knees, you must agree, the idea seems quite stupid."
"What does it matter?" Something buzzed, and then there was soft rustling. "Where is he?"
Steve snorted against his will. He could easily imagine that.
"Earth to Captain Rogers," Tony clicked his fingers in front of Steve's face. "Do you hear me?"
"No," Tony shook his head. "I've almost done everything, figured out how to update your program. The only thing left is to cut your chest open and see how hard it is to implement my plan in reality. It's nothing, really."
"I see," Stark fell silent and then, surprising Steve, suggested, "should we drop the formalities? It seems odd, addressing my father's old friend in such a detached fashion."
Steve kept thinking about his relationship with the armor while making Tony his coffee. He came to conclusion that it would never compare to a relationship with a real person. It was easy to love a thing that did everything you told it to, much harder to love someone who constantly contradicted you.
"A little bastard that’s going to lose his ears tonight!" Ben grumbled. "He's Sue's brother. Just a gift of a person."
"Oh, playing my own card, are you? That's fair. But..."
But Happy already heard him. He opened his eyes, sat straight and looked at Steve with a hint of surprise on his face.
"Easy, tiger, I'm just trying to help."
"This is getting annoying," said the archer, his voice cheerful. "We can dance all day, but we all have stuff to get to."
"Alright... Show me the message and make that coffee after all," Stark turned back to the comm and stared at his mother's message. "Haut-ladies," he groaned after about thirty seconds spent studying short lines. "Why?"
A serious young medic led the four of them to the detained. He was gazing at Stark with curiosity and fear, and at the Commander – with eyes basically brimming with awe.
Steve breathed out and opened the helmet. His itching skin was starting to hurt.
"You were saying?"
Tony pressed a key button next to a parked car and waved his hand at it.
"That's because Lion King hypnotizes Reed. It's the only way to get him out of the lab, and everybody knows this, other than Reed himself."
Natasha rolled her eyes, but sent Steve a sideways glance. He nodded.
Steve was distracted just for a second, but it was long enough for Doctor Faustus, who took out the knife from his cane and pushed it into Tony's hand. They screamed at the same time, Tony pulling his hand away, and Steve pressing his to his chest.
"Where's your head?" asked Tony. "Will you keep Pep company at dinner? I'm busy, and while I wash it all off – hate being this dirty – Pepper will already find herself another important trip and disappear. Slow her down for me!"
"Bring some water," Steve hissed at the suit. The man looked around helplessly and disappeared in the corridor.
They were slowly moving towards the exit, Steve carefully measuring each of his steps not to fall. Tony stepped away from him a bit, but was still holding his elbow.
"And higher," said Tony, smirking.
"Ethanol won't help in this," answered Steve. "That would be barbaric. Do you not have any cream or things like that?"
Steve hesitated.
"Sounds good," Steve agreed, even though it wasn’t like he had any other choice. "Can I have more tea? And something to eat? Having the perfect physical form is all well and good, but it does require following a certain regime."
"What do you think?" Stark's voice sounded slightly weird. In a moment, Steve understood that his teeth were chattering. "I did a really good job, too. Figured out to check for mistakes in the undercarriage of the ship, but didn't think to test the showers!"
He expected Janet to keep asking questions, but she just snorted quietly.
Steve rushed after him. Bruce was sitting in the grass, curled into a ball and with his forehead in his lap. His shoulders were shaking with long, painful spasms, and Steve froze next to him in confusion.
"You're going to be his favorite. I'm already jealous. And no, I've no idea where Jarvis keeps it, but logic suggests milk is probably in the fridge."
"Are you coming with us?" asked Tony, softly.
"Tony," Steve said in a warning tone, "this is no joke."
"I see," the ba nodded and went on his search. The ghem-colonel sighed and sat down to compose a letter home. There was nothing to say, in particular, but he couldn't leave his mother without news, nor to write in prose that disgusted her so. After all, haut-ladies were such sublime and sensitive creatures.
Steve looked at the screen, frowned and nodded. The dark-haired man on the picture could be Abraham's younger brother or his older son.
"D'you think..." Steve coughed, his voice was hoarse. "Do you think he tested it on himself?"
At night, Steve sat on his bad and looked at the clock. It was old, with a big white face, slightly glowing in the dark. Next to most of Reed's tech it seemed unnecessary and even inappropriate, but Steve liked it, maybe because its loud ticking broke up the thick silence of the room.
It was far quieter behind the curtain, which proved it to be specially made: no real fabric would be this soundproof. It was also more worrying. Despite his vast experience, Steve never had a chance to stay alone with a Cetagandan consul, especially such this interested, that was practically eating him with his gaze.
Tony's car disappeared around the corner, and Steve lowered his shoulders and sighed. This short bout of activity tore him from a half-asleep state he's been existing in and made him want to do things again. Coming home, Steve kept having that thought that refused to leave him alone – the second world war in this world happened in the same way except for one little detail: there was no Iron Man. What happened to him? Why was the project never started? What happened to Steve Rogers of this world?
Janet was making noise, doing god knows what in the background. She appeared, with her face clean and beaming, relieved like a person who just had all her problems solved. Janet gave him an unsure smile, her lips quivering slightly.
Steve didn't regret leaving Reed's flat behind. He did give the only cactus Reed had to his neighbor, but he doubted Reed even remembered it. It was most likely Sue's gift, another attempt to instill in Reed the minimal skills required for taking care of another living thing, and that attempt failed just like all the others. Now, though, Sue, as well as Reed and Ben, were in space, the cactus was in good hands, and Steve was embarking on an adventure.
"And it turned out Hulk is a jolly green giant, you and doctor Banner are best friends, and I chose the wrong side of things. Again." A crooked and somehow really tired smile appeared on Tony's face. "That's the problem. I always choose the wrong side and make mistakes. I trust the wrong people, I risk lives of others, somebody will die at some point, and..."
Steve shook his head, and Tony softly pulled him towards the bed.
Then again, Steve thought, absent-mindedly, the man lying next to him now just a few hours ago had his hands up to his elbows in Steve's chest.
Stark nodded and poured him more tea. Steve gathered his thoughts and almost decided on a question, when the most inconspicuous-looking person came behind their screen and started whispering something into Stark's ear. As far as Steve could see through the face paint, the man frowned and sent the servant, if it was indeed a servant, away with a wave of his hand.
"It's okay," answered Steve.
"He could've spent some time in cryosleep," suggested the ba, leaving the office.
'Right now' transformed into 'ten minutes ago', and Steve hung up to start getting ready with a speed breaking all military regulations.
"If you didn't want to help him, I get it, you don't have to. But I..."
They fell silent. Steve had a dozens of questions, but he waited patiently for Bruce to start talking. The man was in no hurry, though. For a moment Steve even thought that he fell asleep.
"I still do," he said, quietly.
The archer shrugged.
"Makes sense," the Cetagandan nodded. "But wouldn't it be easier to just ask me about everything you wanted to know during that banquet? I didn't think I made an impression of someone who holds back..."
"Yes," Steve hesitated, then sat down on the bed and paused, getting his breath under control. "You said you control the armor with nanobots."
"That's not a phone call kind of conversation," Steve answered. "In short: the lab is trashed, and nobody can find Hank." Steve looked at Janet and was going to add 'yet' to it and that they'll surely find him soon, but just shook his head. "I'm with Janet."
"I haven't told you about the armor yet," said Tony, looking up at Steve. "Do you know it can work unmanned? Could yours move without you? You just pull up the data from the cameras on the screens – and voila!"
Bruce woke up when it already went dark. Steve didn't know if it was the fire cracking that woke him, or if he just had enough of sleep, but he heard a rustling sound and turned around.
Steve this is Johnny
"Why don't you drink?" he asked, absent-mindedly. "I thought it wasn't forbidden during the war."
He poured the boiling water into his cup, not at all bothered that a few drops landed on his hand.
"There's a lady present," the Consul repeated with a smirk. "Even if she's bent on denying the importance of that. I'd rather be naked when dressed in something dirty and ill-fitting. And don't trust ghem-lord Rau's opinion blindly. He's good at telling tales, even if he wouldn't lie outright. I'll clean up, have a coffee, if your protocol would allow such a liberty, and I'll tell you everything I know. Which isn't much."
"Good night, Steve."
"Here, with us. He's waiting outside."
"Can't do anything without me, huh?.. What? How do you mean?"
"Tony?"
He gave the shower doors a suspicious look and didn't shut it behind him – which had the added benefit of not having to turn on the light.
More than anything, of course, the book was quite telling about the author. Steve imagined him as a sarcastic, but not evil, man with extremely frivolous nature who enjoyed, quite unselfishly, enlightening 'the barbarians'.
Steve gave him a confused gaze.
A thought crossed Steve's mind, that he only met this person twice, and yet both times were filled with more action than weeks, months that Steve stayed in this world. Being with Tony was like being back there, at the front, - dangerous, unpredictable, without a minute to slow down and think. Then again, maybe, Steve was just seeing what he wanted to see.
"Why? Did it resist?" asked Clint, surprised, since he knew perfectly well, that those hit with paralyzer lost if not the will, then at least the opportunity to resist for a few hours.
"In this case, for Barrayar," the Captain 'reassured' his friend.
The beast, as if feeling his fear, looked at him.
"You were right, by the way. Hulk can be controlled." Tony drummed on his palm with fingers of another hand, deep in thought. Steve felt it. "Do you know what he said when he saw you on the ground? 'Safeguard'. A complicated word for that brute. Any idea what it means?"
"I didn't take into account that everything was planned for my healing factor," muttered Tony. "But it worked; you'll feel wobbly for a while, but..."
The shock left Steve without words. All his military experience was telling him that a man whose hand turned into a bloody mess was supposed to thrash in agony or lose his conscience, not try to be witty.
Tony was in the shower.
"Could it be hypnosis? Could someone affect you that way?"
"Congratulations," Steve answered, his tone unchanged.
"Are you interested in ants?"
"Of course, not," Steve retorted. "You can lose your hand if you just leave it be. I've no idea, why you're still conscious, maybe it's the painkillers, but they'll stop working soon..."
Steve thought they wasted a horrible amount of time on learning things they absolutely didn't need to learn, but actually, the sun was just rising. It was a few hours before noon, and, standing on the terrace, Steve watched sunlight pass through thick tree crowns.
Steve made a few unsure steps and froze next to the door. He knew he was using another man's identity and abusing their trust, but he really needed to find Tony, and he could always explain later.
The first thing Steve saw after leaving the elevator were Tony's bright white shoes. They looked out of place in a dark small corridor, like even a shadow could tarnish them.
"You need help. No, don't argue," Steve crossed his hands over his chest and frowned. "You're not even giving anyone a chance to do that."
"Is that an invitation?" muttered Tony. "I'm not sleeping. It's okay. I'm not sleeping."
"Makes sense."
"What about you?" asked Steve. "I don't know, how it works in your Empire, but here people generally care for their children. And you said it yourself, that she wanted you to resemble your father more than you resembled her."
Steve didn't understand, but that was alright. People around him referenced modern culture all the time, and he wasn't quite versed in it yet. Sometimes he asked to clarify, but more often than not he just chose to ignore it.
Steve imagined it and nodded. He used to complain about office work being boring. Now, he could only dream about it.
"But the sensors are, apparently, not that great," the Captain got up and followed Jarvis to Stark's cabin.
"I'm guessing Billy is the one who opened the door," said Steve, quietly. "All of this is very strange."
Tony smirked.
"You just saved me a lot of time that I would've spent going back and forth," retorted Steve. "I might not know much about sick ghem-lords and the appropriate care of thereof, but I do know that you can't leave an ill person by themselves. And sorry I disappeared for so long. I felt like one of us was going to strangle another any moment. You don't mind me lying down next to you?"
He was saying the exact things Steve wanted and feared of hearing. The only thing Faustus was asking for all that he promised was that Steve leave this world, and Steve knew that he was hesitating – choosing – and hated himself for it.
"True," muttered Tony. "No ghosts here."
"It's just a tail," she said. "Not the strangest thing here."
"I thought you'd get here faster."
Steve turned away.
"Eta Ceta is closest," said Tony, after listening to his summary of the conversation with Natasha. "And that's why we're not going there."
"Even if you tell the truth, even if your intentions are pure, your curiosity..." Banner sighed and ran his hand through his hair. "What do you need? Who even are you?"
"Why did you do that?" echoed Tony. Drops of water were still sliding down his neck, and Steve shuddered, even though he couldn't feel it anymore.
"Tony," he said, simply. The man sighed, gave a grim look to Steve’s reactor and tightened the straps around his hands.
Ben found him in the kitchen. Considering that Steve just made coffee, he probably just followed the familiar smell. That was a funny thought.
She laughed, and Steve smiled at her. Janet loved to talk about Hank, and even despite her careless tone anyone could see she really cared for him.
"Why?" Steve asked, tired.
Steve wanted to say yes, but couldn't bring himself to do it, for some reason.
"I think," said Steve, "we should talk."
"Sorry?"
"Hulk?" Steve called in an unsure voice. "Don't break him while I'm gone."
Steve raised his eyebrows, unconvinced, unconsciously copying Tony, and Bruce waved his hand.
"What did they say? Tell me the exact words, this is important."
"Just trust me," he answered, simply.
"Listen..."
Steve nodded and moved his shoulders, trying to shake away the disgust he was feeling.
"My father was a fan of everything huge," he said out of nowhere. "Even his ideas were huge, almost monstrously epic. This is his house."
"Captain Rogers?" Tony snorted quietly and sipped his drink. "So, you were fighting for a couple of years and got to captain. How?"
He couldn't breathe. Something was pressing on his chest, crushing him to the ground, squashing him, and Steve couldn't breathe. He was choking, losing his grasp of the voices and the light.
"What questions?" Janet asked, her voice grim. "You're not here about the accident, are you?" She got up from the chair and looked at Wilson in a way that Steve didn't like at all. "You need Hank's work. You don't give a shit if he's alive or not!"
"I didn't think..." he paused; the expression on his face became distant. "I told you bots are smart, almost like a living organism, remember? I never completely disconnect from the armor, I don't need to."
He got up, brushed off the grass from his knees and gave Bruce his hand. The man looked at it for a moment in silence before taking it.
"At least to the elevator," continued Tony, unperturbed.
"It's like I have a multiple personality disorder," he said in a tired voice. "Who knows, maybe Hulk is from Yugoslavia. I've never thought to ask."
"Did you have a plan for all of those?"
"I was waiting for that 'but'," Tony gave him a winning smile, switching levers on his wheelchair without looking. "Lead on, genius."
"Hank almost came back to himself," the armor's sound system made it seem like she was standing just behind his back. "You need to hear what he's saying."
"Twenty-seven miles from your current location, sir."
Steve brought his shoulders together, feeling the tension in his back, then looked at the screen of his laptop that went dark while they were talking. The only source of light now was the red glow of the reactor in his chest.
Pepper rolled her eyes.
Steve managed to turn off the system by pressing some buttons on the remote control and stood up. He was determined not to think about the number of times Tony fell asleep next to him and what it could all mean.
"Hey," Happy greeted him amicably. "No, the boss is never late."
"I could die at any moment," Steve breathed out, irritated. "I just knew it was worth the risk."
The suit nodded.
"Not for breakfast," he gave an evasive answer, and Tony laughed.
"Coffee?" he offered, without looking up. "Jarvis's still sleeping, but there's probably something in the fridge."
He frowned and turned to look back, but Tony and Ben were already gone.
"What a joy," grumbled Steve. "And what form should those apologies take? Not poetry, I hope?"
Tony pulled a table with monitors closer to the chair, kicked the last attachment into place and froze with his hands on a plate with tools. Steve's fingers shuddered as he started unbuttoning his shirt. The moment felt almost too awkward. Tony kept looking at him, but Steve felt like it would be stupid to ask him to turn away. He slowly folded his shirt, threw it on a sofa and, wincing from the cold air of the workshop, climbed onto the chair.
"What about that... green guy?" Steve couldn't think of a better way to phrase it.
Steve flinched, surprised, the power of the repulsors grew without his command, and he raised a few feet in the air. At his indignant 'hey!' Tony just laughed.
"It recognized a controller in you," Tony muttered. "That's impossible, at least, for the forties. Do you have implants?"
"I did," admitted Tony. He looked so sincere, that Steve didn't believe him at all. "Settle in and come back down, I've fixed the armor. And I've a few thoughts... on neural connections. I can only guess, how your reactor is constructed, but if I'm right, it will all go fast and well." He swayed and grabbed the banister. "Though, maybe, not today. But it will."
"Yes," Steve nodded and tried not to squirm. An already piercing gaze of the Cetagandan turned almost palpable, as if trying to size up and dismantle every piece of him. "I wasn't aware of the details of their work, but you can see the result for yourself. And as soon as the result was there, strange accidents started happening around the lab. First, some guys from Security appeared and announced that I was accepted into the Academy, to keep an eye on me, among other things, of course. Then, they said the scientists shouldn't publish their results, but to quietly surrender it to the state. But which one? Why not the one, whose citizen they unlawfully experimented on? I don't know if they agreed."
The council put his hands into his already disheveled hair and gave a suffering moan.
"You're way too attached to those drugs," complained Steve, putting Stark down on the couch and covering him with a second blanket. "Jarvis, stop whining and go get tea."
Steve could say they were both right, to find a way to reach an agreement. At least, he was planning on doing that, when they got interrupted by a phone call. The ringing sounded directly in Steve's ears and, unaccustomed to it, he shook his head, trying to get rid of the unpleasant feeling.
"No, that would've been unwise and unprofessional. But in what capacity will the Captain be keeping an eye on me? If I'm not mistaken, he's an Imperial Courier. I don't think that role grant him such authority," the Cetagandan stopped talking, noticing unkind smiles on Natasha's and Clint's faces.
"Will you help the invalid?"
Steve shrugged.
"Contact Tony Stark," asked Steve, after some time. "I know you can."
"Hulk!" he kept shouting. "Hulk, it's a friend! Stop this! Calm down!"
"You and Tony are behaving like children," she sighed, tired. "Do not think that nobody noticed your disagreement. Jarvis's counting losses from Tony's destructive experiments, and I am counting the circles you go in around the mansion. The numbers are astounding."
"What do you mean?" Janet asked.
Steve looked again at the building, with renewed interest.
"Yeah, I shouldn't have hoped you'll have a date that’s not your work," Clint made a sour face. "Well, have fun with your reading. I'll go home, too, and try not to lose my mind. It's my youngest daughter’s birthday next week, and everyone's already going crazy," he lamented.
Steve looked at the message for almost a minute, then parted his fingers, letting the phone fall on the bed, and closed his eyes.
Bruce shrugged.
"Steven?" Jarvis asked, appearing at the door.
"Teddy? He's not green. Well, he can be that, but it's... complicated. Let's say, he has camouflage built into his system. Like a chameleon, but better."
"None that would hurt your Empire," answered Jarvis, cautiously.
"Just use your hands?" Tony offered, sympathetically. "I'll bring pizza next time. I promise."
"Let me be the judge of that. So?"
The words sounded loaded, but Steve, too used to the modern vague morals, just ignored it.
"They don't need to."
"I'll call Tony," said Steve suddenly, surprising himself. "Let's just get out of here." The idea was unexpected, but it made sense: Tony clearly had connections, and he was Hank and Janet's friend, he at least deserved to know.
Janet was standing in a glass door, in a dressing gown that barely covered her knees, and Steve looked away.
"How did you even..." started Richards, but the intruder interrupted him.
"What do you mean? Oh, thank you, Jarvis. Sit with us, have some tea," called Stark after the ba that was preparing to leave.
"Unfortunately, sir," said the suit, "we aren't letting anyone into the building."
His voice, whispering and enchanting, promised things, flown like a melody, and Steve had to squeeze his hurting hand to clear his head.
"What..." started Steve, and Hulk lowered his head, making him look animalistic and threatening. "You're not leaving without me?" Hulk nodded. "I'm not leaving without Tony."
"So, what did you learn?" Steve came back from his thoughts. "She was making weapons, too, instead of playing with the offspings' genomes?"
"What the fuck is going on?" Tony grabbed his shoulder and pulled him back. "You can't come here, Rogers."
"You're prepared to show your face without the face paint?" Steve asked, intrigued. "One of your countrymen wrote that that would be equivalent to showing up naked to dinner."
"Tell me the address."
Steve didn't. He didn't have a chance to learn much about S.H.I.E.L.D., he figured it was some sort of government organization, and probably classified. He also wasn't sure about Tony's dealings with the government. Him mentioning rare cooperation didn't paint the whole picture, and Steve sharply felt, again, a rift between his knowledge and the real world. But the archer was certain he was speaking to Iron Man, and Steve could use that.
"Great," Howard beamed at them. "Then go bring Jarvis here, I missed him. And stay for a bit, the message would be long and detailed. By the way, you came here clearly having no idea whose house it was, so what did you want?"
Or excuse your shortcomings,
Steve straightened up, looked through the window – the hill was looming like a black mountain now, and the white teeth of the skyscrapers illuminated the night sky. It made it seem like Stark's mansion was infinitely far away from New York.
"My shop's always open for you, by the way."
"I won't," Steve repeated.
Hulk grimaced, as if this whole thing was annoying him, and reached out his hand. Grasping it, Steve had a thought that Hulk could just press his fist and break Steve like a doll. He could only hope Hulk wouldn't do that. Hulk raised Steve, looked around and put the man on his shoulders.
Steve shook his head. He was breathing as if he just ran a mile, and his knees were shaking.
Steve poured some water from a plastic bottle on his hands and tried to get them clean.
"Before your time?" asked Stark, surprised. "Was your replicator damaged?"
"I'm dreaming," muttered Steve.
"Here, look at it all you want," he said.
This was the first time Steve saw Tony touch people, but he had no time to feel surprised, as in this moment Steve felt himself being twisted from the inside. The armor found him. Steve felt it, and it felt Steve.
"Nobody was suggesting ethanol as a lubricant," said Tony. "What horrible thoughts you have. The next minute you'll be suggesting fir oil. There should be some cream in the bag. It smells of lilies of the valley, for a change, not like weapons. I've no idea why I have it. It's probably my mother's idea."
"Yeah," said Tony, "we won."
The lock and the handle gave up at the same time, so, with deafening racket and clang of the door, now lopsided, a wet and blue-ish ghem-lord fell out.
That was all Steve needed to hear. Tony stood up, made a few steps around the kitchen, as if looking for something. He seemed just as much a guest here as Steve. Finally spotting a kettle, Tony put it on the stove to heat and took out coffee.
"What's it about?"
Steve's hands were stained with charcoal – he could think of nothing better to use when his pencil broke. The sheets of paper around Steve had Tony's armor drawn on all of them – after seeing it once, Steve just couldn't get it out of his head.
"I need to leave," Banner announced, out of nowhere. "I'm sorry."
Janet was calm now, sitting with her hands squeezed in her lap and looking in front of her. She was pale, and her makeup smeared on her cheeks, her eyes were red, but at least she wasn't crying and screaming anymore.
"Good morning, Steven," greeted him Jarvis.
"And here you are," repeated Stark, deep on thought. "Commander, captains, you know I had no opportunity to conspire with Jarvis. Now do you believe me?"
Tony turned his whole body towards him. The armor repeated the action, and now two pairs of eyes were looking at Steve: one evaluating him, and one uncaring.
It felt like Steve instantly lost half his feelings and almost stumbled from the surprise of it. Tony was looking at him from a couple of feet away, and for a moment Steve thought his face showed regret and fear.
"Can you find Tony Stark?" he asked, his voice unsure. "Locate Tony Stark."
"That is so childish," said Pepper, meeting Steve in the corridor.
The haut-lady smirked – she could relate, having her own personal knowledge of strange couples. Then, she put her hands on the keyboard and started composing.
"Your behavior." Tony tapped the arm of his wheelchair. "You behave like Rhodey."
"Blue is also for cunning," reminded Howard. "And that's her, truly. Did you already figure out that she wasn't going to take apart your lover and put the parts at the Emperor's feet?"
"Healing factor?" he asked, and they both stopped to look back at the doctor. "Do you mean gene X? You're a mutant?"
"Here, Commander. He... she... it..."
The ground beneath him shook, and a loud rolling roar tore Steve away from the darkness. He started taking in fast stuttering breaths and quickly opened his eyes, getting stunned by the bright light.
"A warning shot in the knees, all that," the voice hummed. "Seriously, man, surrender. I know you've balls of steel, Iron Man, but the perimeter is surrounded by S.H.I.E.L.D. and even you..."
Janet, however, called all the time, to Steve's surprise. Either she liked the fact that he never rejected her, or she just enjoyed making new friends, or there was something else going on that Steve didn't know about. Janet was showing him New York and dragging him to art shows, and if there was something wrong with their friendship, it was Janet's unwillingness to go to a baseball game. Then again, Steve could understand that.
"It's fine, just, my skin..." Steve smiled a crooked smile and shrugged. "It hurts," he finished, awkwardly. Tony frowned.
"I will. Even if you have to handcuff me to a chair."
"I'd like, if at all possible, for Miss van Dyne to stay with you. Well, you know, in such a shocked state a person can do anything... And give me your phone number."
"Oh, come on. I didn't mean you know them personally, just in general. They're always so prim and proper, and elegant. And each of them smells like a perfume shop."
"As soon as I'm done here, darling," he said. "Are you going?" he continued, addressing Steve. "Our medics finished with Maya Hansen and learned where she wanted to go. If we hurry, we'll get the whole circus together."
"What do you mean, why? I stole them from Jackson's Whole," confessed the elder Stark. "And this isn't the first pack of them, the first one grew up and opened their orphanages, two on Escobar, one on Beta, and others someplace else..."
Tony looked so genuinely frightened, that Steve couldn't keep away his smile.
Bruce hummed, and Steve belatedly realized the suggestion was just an excuse for Bruce to get rid of his unwanted companion. After all, how could it not occur to a man living like him to set up a fire?
Escobar was a peaceful world, satisfied and beautiful. It looked quite proper, but Tony looked a little wary, and the four Cetagandans wearing the colors of his house, barely jumped from shadows.
Steve wanted to argue, but Bruce seemed too tired for that. Then again, Steve would still have his chance to do that.
"Whatever you're doing," continued Solomon, unperturbed, "the shit's tiring you out."
"I'm not here because of that," Steve interrupted him, softly.
When they were leaving, Steve noticed one of the black cars driving from the gates and following them. Well, that was annoying. Steve didn't like being followed, and his instincts told him only an enemy would do that. Steve was used to trusting his gut, that saved his life and other soldiers multiple times.
Steve noticed, absent-mindedly, that Faustus did have a German accent.
Somebody from the outside was trying to sever their connection, and Steve got scared.
"Cold?" asked the ba, surprised. "Did the thermostat stop working as well?"
Tony sleepily moved his head.
His fingers got caught in the shirt's buttons, and he tried to stop them from shaking, but couldn't quite manage that. Only the doctors saw the reactor before, and Steve never thought he would be one day showing it to a civilian.
He tried to calm down and convince himself that Janet was panicking for no reason and making him panic as well. Not a lot of people were answering their phones at five in the morning, after all, and the scientists from the center could be all just going on their business. The accident with Maya Hanson was just a coincidence, and Tony just wanted to get away from the board meetings.
They fell silent.
His head went dizzy, imagining what was to follow.
"You saved me from Hulk," reminded him Steve. "You've risked your life."
"And... how small could he become?" Steve inquired cautiously.
Steve couldn't see Ben's face, but the man visibly tensed. He swore under his breath and then turned around.
The situation was absurd, like a Mad Hatter's tea party, and Steve couldn't shake the feeling of irrational fear. He hoped Hank would protect Janet, no matter how strong the hypnosis, he hoped, Barton's reinforcements would arrive in time, he kept looking at Tony, feeling helpless and sorry. If this man, Doctor Faustus, was of his world, then he was Steve's responsibility. Him, and all that he managed to accomplish.
"Oh my god," Janet gasped and covered her mouth with a hand. "Steve, you're Iron Man?"
"And unofficially?" relentlessly pursued Stark.
"Why did you do that?"
"You're saying the person who set up your ba had something against Count Vorkosigan?" asked Natasha, surprised. "And they waited for so long?"
He looked exhausted and pale after his episode, with dull lifeless eyes. Steve wistfully thought of a shower: warm water would've helped them both now.
Back in the room, Tony was also cursing himself. What kind of diplomat was he! After five minutes of a lovely conversation about culture differences, he almost provoked the guy into attacking him!
Tony was sitting on the floor with his legs crossed and his back leaning on a chair of a sofa. The TV was working, but with the sound off, and Steve watched the TV presenter that read the news seriously and silently almost for a minute.
Steve nodded and almost dropped the phone.
Tony didn't immediately try to touch it. First, he carefully typed something on the tablet; Steve thought there was some system to his actions, as if he was getting into a familiar workflow. But when Tony finally touched the reactor, Steve still flinched, loudly breathing in, and the man stepped away at once.
Steve shook his head, barely suppressed another coughing fit that his laughter evolved into and turned around with some difficulty. It was probably just a reaction to stress, but he felt light in an almost frightening way. The world still seemed like Steve was seeing it through dirty glass, his wrists hurt and his chest felt tense, but that was it. He was alive, he didn't become disabled and most likely in a couple of days he could put on the armor again and be Iron Man.
"Not quite. I still don't know how you ended up in a cryochamber."
"And my therapist. I started going to therapy in spring. Talked to him," muttered Hank, "about everything. He specializes on scientists, kinda... helps them? I don't know. Is it important? Did Tony have a therapist?"
"Something unexpected," remarked Janet quietly, running her hand through Hank's hair. "He meant a party, or karaoke, I don’t know, jumping with a parachute. Something you'd never do, sweetie."
Hulk snorted and put him down, gently supporting his head.
"He's not always like that," said Janet. "Although whom am I kidding."
"He's strong, stronger than anything you can imagine. And huge. A tank cannon barely left any bruises on him, and bullets were just bouncing off." Bruce clasped his hands together. "No, I can't control him. I can see everything, though. I understand everything, I just can't do anything about it. The moment I get angry... or stressed, or worried, he tries to get out twice as hard as he usually does. And there's nothing, nothing I can do."
Steve felt almost guilty, but the habit to control his emotions was firmly installed in him since the army. He was actually almost charmed by the openness of people in this time, at first, and the openness of Tony especially – all his emotions were like a kaleidoscope, changing lightning fast, making it hard to keep track of them. That made it harder to read him, but then again, Steve generally wasn't that great at understanding people. The military habit of categorizing everybody into allies and enemies was hard to shake off.
"I won't say anything," Steve insisted, "before you find Henry Pym."
Tony turned his chair and wheeled it into the car without any problem. Next went Steve, and then Ben.
To Steve's surprise, Hank blushed. His neck and cheeks burned red, and the orange blanket only made it look worse. Hank lowered his face, unsuccessfully trying to hide. Janet tousled his hair.
"They made a suit of armor, and I became its pilot. One of a kind," Steve gave an awkward chuckle. "It was connected to me, and I – to it. Forever. With this."
"Thank you," she muttered and disconnected the call.
"I need to know your answer," Tony continued, without waiting for Steve to speak. "Steve, you're right, I can't entrust my armor to somebody I barely know. Just like you can't trust me with your metal heart." He turned to look at Steve. "But we can try."
Steve had been to a modern cinema before, although he never got to see 3D – Ben didn't have time, and Steve wasn't passionate enough about cinematography to go by himself. Either way, he didn't think he was missing much.
"You really are lucky about your scientists," he said. "But I'm not changing my mind."
This was the perfect moment for the internal communication line to come alive and for Jarvis to ask if they were alright and if they needed any help. To his own surprise, Tony managed to answer calmly and coherently that they were fine and that, if they needed any help at all, it was with keeping other Cetagandans away from the cabin. Jarvis seemed to have realized what was going on and disconnected without any additional questions.
"The one who got poisoned? What did he learn?"
"For you and the Colonel, or for you and me?"
"I'll finish the thought." Tony twitched his fingers again, and the screen turned off. "I control the armor with nanobots. They're in my blood, and they're in the armor. I'm a genius in nanotech, actually, but you can’t learn that from Wikipedia. I edited the article." He shook his head. "Alright. That's enough. Sleep."
That was an unfortunate blunder on his part, but it didn't even occur to Steve to check. The workshop always seemed closed, and he took it for the hint he thought it was.
"Look at that," Ben said cheerfully, and Steve smiled, since he saw no reason not to do that. "Somebody woke up in a good mood. Wanna go for a walk? To a museum or a movie theater?"
Tony stood half turned away from him, and Steve couldn't see his face, but even his tense back spoke plenty of how uncomfortable he was with the suggestion. He froze with the wires in his hands, then turned around and looked at Steve.
"The last time I lost it before I came to Alabama." Something was making a rustling sound, probably the bag in Bruce's hands. "I destroyed a house. I was lucky it was in the night, I came back to myself, gathered my things and left before dawn."
Alabama felt wet and heavy, and its views were monotone yellow with rare addition of grey where a highway came closer to the railroad. Bold brown mountains rose on the horizon, covered by a heated mist, as if somebody painted them with acrylic paint over the blue sky. Steve's only neighbor was a small old woman who spent half of the road sleeping, and another half – telling him about the war. Steve squirmed every time it occurred to him they were probably born the same year.
He wasn't used to eating in silence; there were always plates ringing all around, the radio, soldiers talking. Since Ben left, Steve was getting progressively used to it, but it still bothered him, and here, at five o'clock in the morning, in somebody else's house the only source of noise was sitting across from him not saying a thing and waiting for Steve to break the silence.
"Down?" Steve asked in a choked voice.
Lightning strikes and bright ribbons of light danced behind the glass walls of the reactor that didn't really seem all that reliable.
"No," Steve said, sharply. Tony raised his eyebrows, waiting.
"Yes, many times," Steve nodded.
"Well? Let's go?"
"Well, good luck, then." Sharon straightened up. "A cup of coffee, handsome? With cream?"
"My curiosity is quite natural. Not every day Vorbarr-Sultana gets a new Cetagandan consul." Steve's face expression didn't change, but he berated himself for not thinking of taking away the time-stamps of his requests. He had a feeling Stark was lying and using this as a convenient excuse, but he couldn't think of a way to prove it.
Tony didn't answer his phone, but he did call back just a few moments later. Steve didn't even have time to put his phone down.
The second thing Steve felt in the 21st century was the feeling of emptiness. Every morning he reached for his armor, as usual, and every morning he was met by silence - like a cut-off phone line, no dial tone, no background noise, nothing. That feeling woke Steve up in the middle of the night, sometimes, but he brushed off the embarrassing panic it caused him.
Tony smirked and put on his glasses.
He stopped, looking at Steve with a mix of confusion and fury, and stepped away. Steve's eyes were glued to the armor. It was crumpled in places, the left arm looked like it was ruined beyond recognition, and what's most important, the man inside of it had shown no signs of life.
Steve sat up now, with his feet on the soft carpet, quickly gathered his clothes and put the pants on.
"Chance?" Steve prompted, without any real wish to know anything.
"It," advised Stark, softly. "It's a ba. How's it doing?"
"I think I understand," Stark nodded after a moment's consideration. "Something tells me I shouldn't ask any further questions about that."
"You have a funny face," Janet said. Steve got conscious of the fact he was just staring at her and looked away. He didn't know if it was alright to look straight at a girl these days, or if he just broke some rules. "Oh, is that Ben Grimm?"
"You are the great Iron Man?" he asked. "The hero?"
"Yes. Should I leave?" answered the girl, opening her eyes. They were strange, too light and bright.
"Are you joking?" Tony interrupted. "That lovely guy crushed my armor."
As the rest of the servants left for their quarters, the ba remarked: "You designed the ship yourself. Speed is more important than comfort. That being a quote."
"That's a shame. He should've come in. Alright, we'll invite him," Howard stood up and started walking around the table, remarkably resembling Tony during his 'interrogation'. "I asked Mio to send you to look for Steve. I've heard rumors he's finally been awaken, but I couldn't come check for myself. I try not to leave Escobar more than absolutely necessary: you think the mercenaries made your life difficult, multiply that by fifty and you'll know how I live."
The city blurred in his vision the moment Steve left the building. The flight was accelerating, and for the moment everything went aside, his goal, the reason Steve donned the armor in the first place. There was just the sky and frightening lightness and the machine that lived with him.
"Jesus, Steve, leave it." Tony came closer and put his hands on his chest. He was taller than Steve, but it didn't feel like Tony was crowding him. "That's cute, really."
"No!" The ba showed strong emotion for the first time since the start of the interrogation. "Neither my mistress, nor ghem-lord Stark gave me such orders. And I wouldn't do it – it's beyond the scope of my duties and interests."
It would be incredibly stupid to say Steve wasn't afraid of death. Everybody was afraid of it, they just showed it in different ways. It most likely even applied to Tony Stark, despite his bravado about healing factors.
"Hey," Tony called for him quietly. "Are you alright?"
"That you look like him."
He saw people in such a state, even before the war. There was a girl in the art academy he went to, always cheerful and sweet to everyone. Steve remembered her, even though they were studying in different years. Then one day he found her in a corridor, pale, her eyes empty. No matter how many times Steve called her name, she didn't respond, just swayed back and forth and clutched a letter in her hands. Steve later found out it was a death notification. Janet was looking just like that.
"That's finally Steve," Tony smirked. He also got down from the bed and stood in front of Steve. "Him, I’ll answer.”
"I guess so," Stark nodded and moved closer to the wall, the clothes and blankets he was packed into making a rustling noise. "I occupied your cabin, but I've no strength left to get to another. Even less so to repair the broken doors in my own."
In the evening, he left the mansion and walked to the art shop. It was a long walk, but Steve was in no hurry.
"But this is important! This is important to her, so why, for once in her life, she couldn't just write it plainly and in detail?" he exclaimed in distress. The ba, who returned with the coffee, shook his head.
