“I’m sorry. Who?” John asked the question on pins and needles praying he was wrong.. Surly she didn’t mean...
“Why must we do this John?” Sherlock purred in John’s ear and curled around him like a big cat as they stood on the pavement waiting for a cab to appear.
"Cheers."
With the call ended John just stood there for awhile and let the reality of the moment settle in. The case was over, and he’d made a promise.
"Stop it!" Sherlock spat as they circled each other.
"Rarely."
“Thank you Mercy.”  John gave his customary reply but couldn’t help but sound questioning.
"No? Come on!"
“YesJohnYesYes!”
"I think I know this one. Just answer the damn question."
"I've never really given it much thought. Children have always seemed like something out of the question for me. Therefore a desire one way or the other made little difference."
Well I am. And that should scare the hell out of you. Promise me.
“Not likely.” Sherlock's wicked baritone settled somewhere south in John’s already bulging jeans.
“I’m not the men of your past.” He was right Sherlock thought. John was so far beyond the norm and that was exactly the reason Sherlock loved him, and needed him.
My job is wrapped. Can you talk?
“What do you want from me Sherlock? " John stalked back to his bedside. "The actual heart from my chest? Because that’s all I have left to give. It’s all yours. Has been. Will be, until my last. So tell me what do you want?”
Sherlock no less skilled in the art answered with an impressive demonstration of his own. "I thought "hot boys" were not your area?"
"Jesus, I'm a dead man." John yawned the words as he tightened his arms around Sherlock and drifted off, his last thoughts being "At least I'll die happy."
John pounded a savage elbow once, twice, three, times into the side of the mans face, the man staggered reaching wildly for balance, John ripped the gun from his grip turned it on him and fired twice. John barely ducked a vicious in coming blow from behind seeing the burly man in his peripheral vision, John spun abruptly and forced his knife up into the mans solar plexus. He could feel the bone crack with the force of the blow and could have easily ripped the mans rib cage straight up and open. He didn’t.
"No, no not this. You're here now." Johns speech held just a hint of a slur, so slight no one else would have noticed. Sherlock noticed. This was not his John. "I don't want to do this, this is a cruel game. Should have known this was coming though, now I'm a complete nutter."
John huffed and blew his breath, eyes closed.
Things change
"Copy that."
“Hello Mercy.”
“Uranium. They need a theoretical physicist.”
“Please Mercy.” The words were polite, but Mercy knew her twin, and knew their meaning.
"John!" Sherlock limped forward holding his side and pushing past the crush of people at the scene as best he could in his condition.
“So then why the need for commitments? Wait...you don’t like it. No not true. You..”
~Somewhere Over The Atlantic Ocean~
Sherlock lay on his bed, legs crossed eyes closed and blew smoke into the air. "No. Something's not right. Everything is too theatrical. Too staged. Who got slapped?"
“If needs must there are other avenues.”
11. What's something you wish everyone knew about you?
“Lier!” Sherlock tried to fane anger but fell short of believable due to his radiant smile and infectious laughter.
Always hiding in the dark and shadows." Sherlock taunted the man, hoping to draw him out. But this psychopath was not goaded. Instead he was the one doing the provoking.
"If you let me be, yes." John, turned his head and kissed Sherlock's temple. "Now sleep."
"On my way Love."
"This." John motioned around them indicating the warehouse. "You're not made for this. You’re made for plush sheets and moonlight and slow. God! So fuckin slow. Not...this. I just...can’t. Not with you.”
Sherlock couldn’t help but smile in return steal one last kiss and ducked back around the corner he’d come from.
From John’s position on the rise he could see that the Boko Haram camp below was abuzz with activity.
Let’s look in on our boys and see how their doing with four thousand miles separating them.
“You. I would have you. You are a splendid piece of ass.” Thomas said wolfishly.
"All the chargers have been dropped. For now." Lestrade told the man as he uncuffed him. John and Sherlock looked on.
I didn’t mean, that is what I was trying to say is...
John circled his own chair, clenching and unclenching his fist, chewing his bottom lip. John wasn't sure what corse of action to take. On the one hand he could...no he wanted to...no not that either. Just Sherlock. So fucking frustrating. Here. Alive and safe after all this time. John felt like he had been played for a fool. Sudden anger swelled to the surface and he rushed to grab Sherlock up out of his chair by his coat coller fully intending to shake the man, or pummel him, or choke him to death. But none of those things happened. Once he had Sherlock in his grasp, it was a dream come true and a screaming nightmare all at once. So near John could smell his familiar sent, feel the warmth of his lean frame radiate close to his own, see the frantic pulse in his throat, he wanted to cry, with joy and yell in anger. John was beaten. Sherlocks eyes where wide and panicked, just as he was jerked down into a harsh kiss.
“Alright. Anything else I should know?”
https://www.therichest.com/rich-list/the-biggest/top-10-most-dangerous-special-forces-around-the-world/
Helloo. The Cold East Wind here. So this is the first fic I've written in chapter form. It was...grueling. I usually try to give you a story fully formed. With this it was create as you go, which translated into a lot of doubt and pressure I prefer to give you a whole story from beginning to end. Anywho, I do hope you enjoyed our boys and the wait between chapters wasn't too long. And I'm sorry no one got the TJLC Easter egg. :(
"Keep giving me cheek, and I'll make the questions harder." John's warning was meant to be stern, but came out sounding tempting to Sherlock's ears. So Sherlock countered.
"Oh I don't know. Maybe...Buckingham palace. Never too late to pop in on the Queen, have a nice cuppa." Her tone was causal but she felt anything but. Thomas was a vile man. Outwardly he was lovely. Tall but not imposing, olive green eyes with flecks of gold and sandy blond hair. Just lovely. And vile. Like a brightly colored snake. The thought made Irene chuckle out loud.
I urge you to Google “The Craig, Scotland.” If I were anything more then a writer, I would have a link posted here. But I’m not, so I don’t. And I’m sorry. Go look at The Craig, if for no other reason then to see the lovely green bedroom John and Sherlock would share.
Sherlock started to close the door. He was afraid. But not of John. Of himself and his overwhelming desire to let this man in. Not in his flat, in his life. His heart. His mind. His bed. To just have John flood his world.
They stayed on the balcony in silence. Sherlock on the verge of the blurting out a string of words full of uncharted feelings and John silently cursing the universe for all its capricious nature.
“But it could be.” John leaned in and placed two fingers under Sherlock’s chin. “Now, shut that pretty mouth of yours and let’s get to work yeah.” John let his hand slid to the back of Sherlock’s neck and smoothly pulled him forward to pressed a lingering kiss to said pretty mouth and then just as smoothly departed the Land Rover, L9A1 in hand, L96A1 across his chest, 9mm in his shoulder holster.
“You sound like someone else I know.”
~Conversations In The Small Hours Of The Morning~
Jim's low sing song voice chimed in. "I don't go in for field work Dr. Watson. But if my Tiger wants come out and play...fine. But I'm not doing this for you, you're not my favorite and if anything happens to my sniper along the way they'll be picking bits of you out of the tigers teeth down at the London zoo for weeks my dear."
"What on earth happened to you? Who did this Sherlock? You have to go to the dean, why didn't you call me?"
“Please.”
“Could you give this to John please?” Sherlock’s arm abruptly shot out towards the man behind the news paper.
It wasn't long before clothes were scattered and warm naked bodies intertwined. John expertly finding all of Sherlock's pint up lust. And Sherlock, lavishly explored the man he had been denied for far too long.
"I want to I really do, but whenever I'm close to him, when he's near me, I'm so, he's just. Mesmerizing. Fuck." Sherlock sat up wide eyed as the depth of his feelings struck him.
"No capture or interrogation?"
"We can't possibly track all the buyers so keep an eye on as many as you can send whoever is in the area to intercept the deals that pose the biggest threat."
"Why is he here? The risk just seems too great."
~I’m so confused. Not talking doesn’t usually work this way.
"You're not gay." Sherlock said matter of factly.
"The dean would be more likely to expel me then defend me, once I deduced his two simultaneous affairs in front of both parties, my affairs stopped being important to him."
“Victor, things are different now. My past...”
Sherlock took the seventeen steps in leaps and bounds eager to get back to the thumbnails he had waiting for him. On the top landing he stopped dead. The air was warm and full with a not an unpleasant but wholly out of place sent. Mandarin, osmanthus.
"John." Sherlock's voice was imploring. He knew that John was going to pull the truth from him, he'd danced too close to the edge of it and John knew Sherlock's defenses were breached. All he could do was make a play for mercy. There would be none. John had seen the crack in the wall, and he meant to see it brought down. John fixed him with a look. Sherlock felt as if John had reached into his chest and taken a gentle hold of his heart. It was terrifying. It was John. "Are we a couple." John let the answer stand. He understood what it meant. Sherlock NEVER said a word when someone insinuated they were together. John had long since stopped wondering why, he'd speculated that it was because it made Sherlock uncomfortable, but John had never allowed himself to think about why. He had a good idea why. Actually better than good. He knew. Just as sure as he knew why he himself denied it so vehemently. The truth of it had been hard for John to face, but face it he had. And now it seemed that the young detective was ready to face it as well.
Sherlock where are you?
“Hello John. How may I help you. Have you come to break me out of this hell hole?” Sherlock gestured dramatically from his reclined position on the bed.
“True, you like your boys on the posh side.”
"Then I guess you should have thought of that eight months ago. Now if you wouldn't mind. Get the fuck out." All grace and pose.
"I'm always right Jo..." And John smothered Sherlock's words with that kiss.
John stood and extended a hand expecting to shake the hand of the man who’d spoken, only to have the blond except his offer. Odd that. John thought, and this put him on high alert, glad for his faithful L9A1 tucked underneath his black turtleneck in the small of his back. Sherlock had already deduced the ex-military man a mile away, but the smaller man was harder to read almost...slippery.
John gave his answer in English. “This infidel thinks you will die. If you talk first well that’s a bonus.” John didn’t even remove his rifle from his lap, he simply angled the muzzle up a bit and fired. The man who had spoken was thrown backward. John sat down his tea and directed his attention to the next man in line.
“When he’s better we’ll implement a plan. For now I need you to take this time to get some rest as well.” Harbinger, John’s commanding officer held up her hand at John’s attempt at a protest. "You've been in the field without a break for eight months. Even Judgment takes a holiday sometimes.”
The cab ride home was quite. Both occupants in thought. Once upstairs they took to their respective chairs still just as quite but a bit less confused having been forced to take a closer look at recent events. John could only speak for himself, but things had been...warmer between them of late, nothing too grand, it just seemed that they where...leaning into each other, pulled physically closer, brushing the backs of their hands together unable, or unwilling to be apart for long, finding the smallest reason for nearness or accidental touch. John took the first step.
John blinked back darkness as a woman’s voice with barely checked panic at its edges called to him.
2. What is your greatest weakness?
“And here I am thinking you the moon. Dark and light all at once. Luminous and beautiful. So close, never close enough. ‘Moon of my life.’” John reached for Sherlock’s wrist and pulled him slowly...slowly toward him into a kiss. Creeping fingers sliding into warm curls keeneding his scalp. Soft and slow feeling his way back into their familier rhythm. Sherlock moaned and gave in to months of longing twining his arms around John sinking into the sensation of warm languid honey in their vains. Their kisses were a slow devouring, not frantic but oh so very urgent. Their clothing stripped away and was replaced by light and shadow. Sherlock’s skin was dappled with the jungles defused sunlight that shifted in the breeze ghosting patterns over his body. John could have cried looking at him had it not been for the burning hunger building in him.
"Because you're a student here and Thomas can't be allowed to just basically bully you." Her porcelain face was red with anger.
"I'm yours. All and forever." Sherlock let his eyes drift closed and he walked with John hand in hand in the garden of his mind palace.
“Good more then enough time.” John pulled his L9A1 from the small of his back and checked the clip.
“Cheeky Monkey.” John grinned and kissed back still holding Sherlock by the waist. “You’re going to blow my cover.”
“Coitus Ensues, I thought since we’re dealing in cliches and tropes isn’t with the warehouse and all, it was the obvious point in the story where the main couple that would be us, has sex for no other reason then the sex itself.” Sherlock’s eyes twinkled with mirth.
"I know that, and as your leader, it's my job to not just complete the mission, but to keep my team alive in the process. See you in three days."
John wiped the blood from his mouth with the back of his hand.
“Well you know we spy boys have our ways. You on a job?” John was just a block away from the flat now.
"John?" His voice sounded strange to him, far off and stricken. No answer. Deep shaken breath. "John please."
“Thank you Mercy.”
Fair enough.
"Stupid, stupid!" Sherlock admonished himself loudly with his eyes closed tightly and his teeth clenched. He opened his eyes and glared hatefully at his surroundings stalking around the confines of the cabin.
"You didn't text me. You came right here from the station house. Something's wrong. With John?" Sherlock ripped the paper from Greg's hand before he could truly offer it to him.
“You. Clearly I’m not the one that misunderstood. I never once said that I was done with you. I said I was done with back alleys. I thought the warehouse was an apology for our last text conversation.”
Pain,  cold and heavy wrapped around his bones. Why was he so cold?
“Mmm. Blow.” Sherlock’s eyes flared with heat and he tilted his head in a coy fashion his smile was pretty and full of mischief. He spidered his fingers into the waist band of John’s paints pulling him to and eating up what little space had come between them.
“J, you need to move. Now! They’re sending a team your way.”
Sherlock squirmed and tried not to giggle.
John edged his way to the front of the club looking for his next bloke to fuck or fight, whichever came first. It didn't matter. The music began with a start over the noise of the crowd. A lean figure seemed to slowly drag itself on stage draped in a white sheet and cast in shadow because of the glaring light behind him, sauntering gradually to the center of the stage, bony hips purposefully rising and falling in time with the hard rymthmic beat, the figure then abandoned the under current of the music and move in time with the lyrics, his curly head hung low, his body moving almost lazily only to seem to pulse with each word  as he snapped his pelvis almost violently. And thou the man was gaunt almost to the point of skeletal, his movements where fluid and graceful, or sharp and deliberately jerky. The music was a catalyst, and the dancer the chemical. The figure undulated and seemed to flow the sheet billowed at his command and pale skin played hide and seek. John leered on the edge of his seat, his heart in his throat, his cock rock hard, transfixed. His body knew the dancer before his drink addled brain. Sherlock. His beautiful vulgar movements. Peeks of thigh, and curls, and cock, played at the folds of the sheet. The fring of long unkept curls hung in his face, and the always too sharp cheek bones, now looked alien. But god the man was gorgeous.  John had no idea what to do. What he wanted was to leep on stage and drag Sherlock away from all the lecherous eyes and then come back and beat every man in the room to death. That wouldn't work.  Just then three things happened, the music pulsed, Sherlock's sheet hit the floor, revealing just how thin he really was and the light flickered out. Just as suddenly they came back on, Sherlock gone and the crowd clearly disappointed. John among them. He had to find him. Because he wasn't leaving without him. John wondered the club until he found a long black hallway with several doors on either side and one at the far end. The one that John was drawn to.
“If you only take the time to think...”
“Cut the SAT link for call sign Angus Og.”
"Must we be so maudlin. Next question." There was a sparkle to Sherlock's clear eyes and John wasn't sure if it was tears or cognac.
"John, believe me under normal circumstances I would argue with you but right now, I simply can't. I don't want you to get the wrong impression. I would never accept an offer of help like this, have some stranger in my flat, but it has been an unusual day all around." Sherlock's speech was faintly groggy, and even though John had only heard Sherlock's voice up close for the first time this afternoon, the perfection of that liquid honey baritone was ingrained in his mind and had played on a continuous loop for the better part of the day, so it was no surprise that John was able to notice the slur.
“To be so smart and so dumb. Do you think it’s going to go the way you want it to? That man wouldn’t look twice at a poof like you.”  Donovan’s voice dripped with false pity. She shook her head at Sherlock as if he were some poor lost fool and headed off. Sherlock felt the cuts of her words a little less deeply then usual, but he did feel them just the same.
"Sit."
“Well then you should expect much indeed.” Sherlock advance winding his arms back in place and smothered his face in John’s neck.
John shook his head. “Copy that. Cardinal.”
"Hit the locker room lads. Oi!" Greg hefted his and John's gear bags and jogged to catch up. "Talk." It wasn't a friendly suggestion.
"Bleeding." John cast his eyes down to the busted stitches. Sherlock's eyes roamed a little farther, but then came back to the task at hand. John had to admit that Sherlock was excellent at suturing, his violinist fingers where nimble and delicate. John wished for all the world that the man had been more heavily handed, because the light touches on his skin, Sherlock's curls falling forward and brushing his chest, coupled with all that pale naked skin so close. John was using every single day of military training he'd ever had to keep from getting a raging hard on.
10. What is your favorite scent?
“Do you have it?” Sherlock watched out the window as John jogged across the street heading to pickup takeaway.
“Belmont?”
"And here I was thinking you were clever. You can't lose me. Nothing in this world could make me leave you. And even if this is all we have, as far as this goes, I'm fine with that too. And I'll still be here." John searched Sherlock's face for reaction as best he could due to their close proximity.
John thought he would bite his tongue clean off in his efforts to keep from commenting on the more then obvious double meaning. Did this man know he was playing with fire?
-I also seem to recall you're quite the opportunist, and I
“No mister Kholms, vot i vse. Vy uzhe znayete vopros.”
“No nothing like that. We’re having a bit of a Christmas do down at the Yard, and I know that’s not your thing and all, but you ought to come out.” Just as Lestrade stopped talking a light slapping nose began, like flesh on flesh. Sherlock looked around in wide eyed shock as John smiled near to bursting shimming his hips side to side making his tally wack on his thighs, Sherlock quickly smacked his palm in a matching rhythm on the door frame in time with John to mask the sound, Lestrade tried one last time to push forward, Sherlock pushed back. John stopped his dance and made a face when he slouched a bit of tea on his delicates.
“I think not.” Sherlock tried for bold, but in this moment with Victor looming both literally and figuratively over all that he held dear the attempt was hollow.
“German tourism has picked up recently.”
Where are the coordinates leading? How badly will the opt really go? Will Sherlock get a visit from another member of team Methos? And dose Moriarty plan on letting his Tiger lose in India?
-The Flat
John and Sebastian work together.
”Of course not. But maybe I'll get a name with the next message. If not run it until you do.”
"Because John, I find that I want to do...things...with you. And...I...want." He spoke the words slowly as if trying to understand them himself. John thought for a silent moment, watching Sherlock thought his reflection in the mirror who was now gazing at his naked feet on the cold bathroom tile. The fact that Sherlock wanted him and hearing him say those words was so incredibly arousing, that when John did speak, it was with a voice laden with lust. John turned towards Sherlock.
"Dr. Watson, whereas we may both want the same thing, I'm the only one who can actually provide it. You foster chaos, and clean up. It's not the same as true safety."
As soon as John was out the door Sherlock folded in on himself clawed at his heart and screamed into his pillow.
John could hear Sherlock from his cell gasping for breath and coughing fitfully. The water boarding had been going on for a good hour now and all John could do was listen and pace back and forth. Anger boiled in him, but nothing could have readied him for what came next. The lights flickered and the unmistakable sound of electricity cracked the air. John panicked grabbed the bars and screamed. "Nooooooo! Sherlock!" Over and over, until there was nothing. John was past rage, he was in actual pain having to listen to Sherlock scream his name in agony and desperation, pleading his name softly in the aftermath, only to have it ripped from him moments later in the grips of suffering. John kneeled on the floor his head resting on the bars his whole body shaking. A very foolish man came up to the bars and bent down to verbally torment John. When John raised his head to look up at the man the capture knew he had made a grave mistake, the look in Johns eyes was maniacal and dark, accompanied by just a hint of a smile. His arm shot through the bars as he grabbed the man by the back of the neck slamming his head on the steel. John retrieved the mans gun and his keys, checked the clip and opened the cell. John peeked around the corner and saw two armed men. The hallway was narrow and John thought briefly that he could almost shoot both men at once. He came around the corner and fired twice. Bodies dropped. There was a commotion in the next room and Sherlock's voice cried out.
“Thank you Mercy.”
“When they come for you...you’re to let them take him. Not go after them, not save him. Just allow it.” She waited for the slow rolling boil that was John’s anger.
Sherlock appeared in the loo doorway speaking to John without missing a beat.
John lay full out on the large gray stone and  bit down on his lip as he watched Sherlock sacrificing himself on his cock. Both hands pressed against John’s pectoral muscles Sherlock hung his head low curls dangled in his face contorted in a mask of agonizing pleasure love and pain, every lean beautiful muscle strained as he let himself be filled with John’s weight. He was glorious.
Sebastian gave an animated snort.
"What?" Sherlock's eyes wide and full of humor and disbelief.
"If kittens are made of blue cashmere then yes Irene, it is in fact a kitten. Thank you so much John. It's...perfect."
“Mmm. Not sure. I’m not usually the type to break up a happy home but if there is a Mr. Holmes, he’s clearly not the man for you.”  John, signaled to the bar keep for another round of scotch while he delicately rubbed his fingers over Sherlock’s knuckles.
“Well, now that that’s all sorted.  You’ll be staying at the Waldorf Astoria Berlin, in the presidential suite until such time that you are needed.”
The alley was littered with bodies, Sherlock frowned and gingerly stepped forward and around heading toward the figure standing at the opposite end of the alley. Sherlock was nearly within arms reach when John whirled on him lighting fast pulling him down and spinning Sherlock around with a knee in his back to keep him upright and a knife at is throat.
"Yep." John's gaze was far off.
Sherlock's eyes flew open and before he knew what was doing he'd rushed to the door. "John, I thought you'd be with your team."
John turned his head but didn't let go of Sherlock's hand.
“Forever ring any bells?” John’s voice was hushed. They were close enough to feel each other’s heat, so close that their vision blurred to look at each other.
“This is no safe house.” Sherlock moved about the room running his fingers over all the little details that were so obviously John. “Well it is, and it isn’t. This is your room. And this is Mercy’s home. Tartarus was your idea. Judgment. The last judgment. Which is you. And no mercy. Her. Both of which resides in Tartarus. The only thing I can’t work out is this...are you all the Titans imprisoned here? Or the tourtured souls?”
Sherlock milled about the festivities trying to avoid as many chreey people as possible staying to the corners and keeping his eye on John who was now engaged in a very animated conversation with Lestrade, Hillsten, and Collins about rugby over football. Boys Sherlock mused. Sherlock took another turn around the room and nearly bumped into Molly.
“Give me your mobile.” Sherlock opened his hand as he asked. John handed it over. Sherlock flipped to his back, and tapped out a few words. Sam Smith’s voice filled the little space between them. Sherlock kept his eyes on John as the word sank in. The song talked about strangers being made to complete each other. “I know your out there we’re ment to be. So keep your head down and make it to me.” John said nothing, for fear his voice would break, the song played on and John pulled Sherlock into his arms kissing the top of his head. The song was perfect in every way. Like Sherlock.
Molly piped in before Greg could speak. "I...I think she has something in her left hand...I...I thought that you maybe able to tell who did this if we can remove it." Molly smiled weakly up at an oblivious Sherlock. John noted this and felt horrible for the woman. They hadn't really told anyone that their relationship had changed though to most it had been obvious, but John made a mental note to find a decent way to break it to Molly. "I have a heat lamp. Shouldn't take more then forty five minutes. You could wait." Her eyes twinkled a bit.
“Yep.”
“Stop. I don’t understand a word you’re saying. Is there some sort of a global apocalypse nigh that I need to fix?” John itched to grab him, rip him out of his clothes and devour him inch by inch.
"Dose everyone in your family have odd names?"
(The City of Love) John corrected him no less perfect with a smile and a kiss to the back of the hand he’d been holding.
"Honestly? It's simply the bloodhound in me. I *know* something's off about this whole game. There's more to it then a group of college kids having a laugh. And as my BFF you'll just have to trust me." Sherlock winked at her and huffed as he waited for her to sit upright and passed her her tea.
“Good.”
“Celtic God of youth, love and beauty.” Mercy’s voice bubbled with suppressed laughter.
No. You don't understand. There was something I couldn't figure out. When the Russians had me they kept talking about a clergyman, an unlikely priest and how the never thought they'd be working for the church. The man was young and apparently more rent boy then man of the cloth. It's him John.
John stood no less beautiful in Sherlock’s eyes. Naked still bathed in sunlight his whole form awash in gold save for his brilliant blue eye. Jewels and gold. Sherlock’s knees suffered yet again. But this time he allowed himself to sink bottom resting on his heel arms outstretched beckoning to his lover. John walked into Sherlock’s embrace looking every bit like a God.
“Among other things.”
“The girl is a succubus John!” Mercy had been emphatic, she always was on the subject of John’s future. “Don’t be jealous when I’m a super spy for MI5 and you’re stuck living in Hampstead with your fat wife and five fat babies and you’re gray and balding from stress or boredom.”
"As a matter of fact I do. William Sherlock Scott Holmes. Sounds..."
“Wrong.” Now it was John’s turn to be triumphant.
Greg took a seat next to John.
"The second one." John answered flatly before he drank.
“Perhaps on our honeymoon we’ll come back here and I’ll let you photograph me just so.” Sherlock posed and cocked his head with that devil sweet smile.
John rubbed his cock as he watched Sherlock crawl to the center of the large bed, he lay down legs slightly apart. John put his knees on the bed and sat himself between Sherlock’s thighs. John’s cock wet with saliva and precum slid between Sherlock’s ass cheeks rutting. Sherlock jerked and began to grind up into John's strokes. All the while a string of low baritone sounds drifted in the air. John stopped his motion with two firm hands on his ass. John couldn't help but sink his teeth into one plump cheek leaving a mark. The man beneath him yelped and almost jumped out of the grasp John had put on his hips. Almost. John held him firm and what followed was utter depraveity. John fucked his tongue into the heat that radiated from Sherlocks bottom rubbing the sensitive skin raw with the stubble of his cheek all the while skillfully ravishing Sherlocks most inner sanctum. Sherlock’s whole body shook, he was covered in thin sheen of sweat and his breath was harsh and ragged.
“Sherlock I’m here if you need...”
John and Sherlock spent three idyllic days at The Waldorf Astoria. No strike teams to call down upon the heads of would be miscreants. No big brother lurking behind every CCTV camera, just the two of them. Unguarded. Un rushed. Naked. Literally and figuratively.
3. How many countries have you been to?
John mentally ran through the opt trying to ignore his own voice screaming in his head to fuck everything and tear the world apart to find Sherlock. "Track down Dutch, and get back to me." Dutch ran point on team Kronos, another SAS team that consisted of Dutch herself, Baron, King, Lord, and Priest.
"I know." John  almost whispered the words. And they were all Sherlock needed to hear. He felt his face go warm.
“Oh. And who is?” Sherlock edged closer seeking those deep blue eyes, John leaned in to meet him just short of a kiss.
Sherlock shivered but didn’t let this chilly exposure keep him from his own goal of working John’s fly open and pressing their heat together.
"You know exactly what I mean." A grumble of frustration edged his voice.
“I love you John Watson.”
John and Sherlock walked slowly back to Baker Street, waving their way through the crowds of holiday shoppers enjoying the joyful mood carried on the coldnight air.
The fact that you contacted me at all. What should I know?
John sucked in a long hiss of air through his teeth at the sight of Sherlock's cock bobbing with anticipation.
John walked up the seats separating them, and extended his hand. "John Watson. Captain of the kings men, and pleased to meet you Sherlock Holmes." John didn't so much shake Sherlock's hand as he did hold it and run his own calloused thumb over Sherlock's smooth knuckles.
He was in fact right. Members of the SAS, worked independently unless they were working in a group, but that group was still it’s own governing body. But now was not the time to add credence to John’s argument.
“Nooooo!” John bellowed deep and angry and ran forward full tilt with no caution whatsoever and was stopped dead in his tracks as two bullets cut the air hitting him dead center mass, dropping him to the ground, in a flash leaving him with the thought “finally someone with a decent shot.” Pain bloomed across his chest, and a haze of black creeped into his field of vision.
"Posh." John offered immediately.
In which we learn a little bit about a lot of things.
The first two days in Cork, John and Sherlock hardly knew what to do with each other without the constant threat of abduction and torture lurking around every corner. So they settled on drinking, which led to talking. The first night of drinks were had at the bar and the conversation was a calm and welcome change. They settled at a remote table in the beautiful space, silently enjoying the weight of the air between them for a time.
“I’m hungry.” Sherlock let the thought register in the back of his mind, he couldn’t recall the last time he’d eaten let alone the last time he’d felt actual hunger and it made him laugh, which was a bad idea on several levels. First, it was excruciating, second it drew the attention of the men in the room, and if there were ever a group of men who’s attention Sherlock didn’t want it was these.
“Copy that.”
“J! J, do you read me? I heard shots fired and then radio silence. J!”
“Pope is clearly homosexual.” This Sherlock said with a shoulder shrug a and sip of his tea.
~Helmand Province, Sangin District Afghanistan~
"Of course." He said quickly, as he turned to leave and John was sure he spotted tears in his eyes. John could sympathize.
“Of course John. Of course.”
“No!” Sherlock chuckled feeling warm and relaxed. "I’m a consulting detective for New Scotland Yard.”
John sighed. He knew that when Sherlock got something in his head it was a losing battle and it was best to find the lest destructive way to get him what he wanted.
“We would like you to...convince him to do this work for us.  Can you do this?”
"James Harper. Third year. American. He didn't seem overly bothered by it. Now can we please talk about your night?" Irene lit another cigarette.
"I don't like it. The rest of the team won't like it either."
John shut is laptop shoved it in his go bag and boarded the Chinook. Moran slipped on his headset and strapped in across the cabin from John.
John reached his hand between them and ran his fingers over the head of Sherlock's cock, ready to take him in his fist and stroke Sherlock to release, but one touch of John's hand was all the spark that was needed. Sherlock ached sharply, violently, tears streamed into his curls, his fingers digging mercilessly into John's shoulders and John's name ripped from his throat. White hot cum spilled over John's fingers, onto Sherlock's belly and down his shaft. John lost his rhythm, his breath, and his mind at the primal beauty of the sight. He rocked into Sherlock relentlessly, all the while Sherlock pulling John closer in the grip of his legs, arching up to him, giving him everything. John took everything, and pored himself, his soul, with a jerky shudder into Sherlock's depths.
"So they vetted him. Sherlock."
“Sherlock.”  John hummed the syllables soft and low. “Sherlock.” Drawn out over long sighs, Sherlock knew that this was perfection. This was all there was and all there ever needed to be. John. Just John. And him. It was heartbreaking.
“Yes Love.”
“It’s a smart plan, and if you didn’t fancy him...”
Satisfied that his team was ready. “On my mark. Give no quarter. Over.”
"I missed your cock inside me John." Sherlock dragged the words along John's neck. "Do you like it when I take all of you inside me John? Cum for me John. Cum inside me John pleeaassee!"  The last of Sherlock's breath a whisper hiss in John's ear all as he road John to his own breath taking climax.
“Differently.”
"Don't know, it's all very clandestine."
"He's stopped talking to me all of a sudden. Not a word. Just shut me out. No explanation. I haven't even seen him around."
“Night and day.  We have a safe house in Paris, we all try to be there for new year, it usually doesn’t work out that way, but this year we got lucky. I got very lucky. Plus this is actually our second new year together you and I and I’d love to actually spend it with you. Come. Please.” Love so pure danced in John’s deep blue eyes how could Sherlock say anything but yes.
“Twin! Always! There’s always something. How did I miss twin? Twin!”
"Are you bloody serious!" Lestrade couldn't believe what he was hearing.
”Do I know you, John?”  The pretty one asked.
Trevor opened the door and tossed his keys in a well placed bowl and stopped cold. He looked John up and down and smirked. "I was warned about you." Trevor shut the door and moved into the room proper. "I was told that if I set foot back in jolly old England you would find me. John right?" John didn't speak or budge from the window just sipped at his drink. "Ok. Not in a chatty mood then. I have to say you’re not what I expected. But I guess you make a decent tracker dog. So, all this for Sherlock? I just don't see it. I mean yes he's still in my top ten after all these years if you take my meaning but, I don't know?  It just seems like a lot of risk for not much reward." Trevor was clearly unimpressed with John and felt perfectly at ease to say whatever was on his mind. This was his first mistake. His second was his unwanted commentary. People failed to realize that while they were running off at the mouth John was busy trying to decide exactly how he was going to deal with them. Did he need to inflict permanent injury or simply incapacitate them temporarily? Did he want the wounds to be merely physical or did he need to mentally scar them as well? It all depended on the job at hand. Usually. Tonight it was personal.
“Now I make a call.”
“It’s safety is no longer our problem. For the moment. The rooms at the Maryborough are yours for as long as you want them. Her majesty thanks you for your service. Until next time.”
Plans and things...
They turned to face one another seemingly pushed together by the darkness, a soft yellow glow from the street cast shadows in the trace of distance left between them. John couldn't seem to find enough air and his chest heaved, Sherlock moved close looking down at John silently asking...
"How bad?"
It’s been a while since we’ve seen John in BAMF mode. Here’s a bit of a reminder.
"Explain. " John knew an order when he herd one. He gave Sherlock a moc salute.
“Yes please.” Sweet as a kitten.
1. Have you ever found a man attractive?
Chaos erupted all around, John stepped from the lift single minded. Sherlock. L9A1 in hand an extension of himself. 4 bullets 2 Russians down, 8 bullets 4 Russians down, 14 bullets and 7 dead Russians in less then three minutes John had found his asset. One Russian and one bullet stood between them.
John had been standing with his back to the door when Mycroft had entered his study. John turned now to meet the face of a livid Mycroft Holmes, his umbrella held white knuckled in both his hands ready to strike if need be.
"Fuck you, you fucking tosser! I'll have your head for this just you wait." The man took a few steps in Sherlock's direction, John stepped in his path and put his hand up to stop him and the criminal shoved John into a desk. Sherlock turned just in time to see John lay the man out flat with one well placed punch to the jaw. Sherlock smirked, John shook his hand out.
"What the hell? Why dose...?" It took Lestrade less then a seconds to realize what must have happened after he quickly scanned the area, looking for Sherlock and John."Oh bloody hell! Has no one told him about these two?"
“Ordinarily your choice in partners is of no consequence to me. But this latest...consort of yours is unacceptable.”
“JOHN! Stop. He’s fine.”
Sherlock?
They sat on the floor lulled by the spell of the fire and drink. Finding reasons without reasons for touch. Orange golden flame played in the shadow and dark, casting Sherlock in an otherworldly light that belonged to him.
"You're sooo hard, oh God!" Sherlock whimpered. His words made John shutter. Sherlock ran his hands from Johns ass up, to brush over his cock and up still more to John's chest where he stopped to tease at John's nipples with his thumbs. Sherlock studied John as his face contorted and his muscles jerked under his hands. Sherlock's heart ached. He loved this man. And this was goodbye. Sherlock took John's face in his hands and rubbed their cheeks together, letting his lips ghost over John's open pleading mouth nipping and licking at John's lips.
"Hello Dutch."
“Let’s go home.”
~Conversation In The Small Hours of The Morning~
Sherlock produced a condoms from the nightstand. "This time. But not forever."
“Well I have to say I didn’t think it would be so easy. But yes. That is all.” Mycroft almost smiled to himself.
The explosion had barely settled, all the emergency personnel and police had shown up just as the dust began to clear. But none of that had stopped John from frantically digging through the rubble screaming with choked lungs and bloodied hands. There was blood poring down his forehead into his eyes abscuring his vision as he was being pulled very much against his will into the back of an ambulance.
"Male." Sherlock glared at him, with a hint of impishness. John felt awash in heat at the single telling word.
"Why then?" Sherlock finally found his words.
"What about Irene? I thought you two got on?"
"So, no back and forth? " Sherlock waved a hand between them both.
"John." Greg's words were slow and calming. "John can I have minute mate?"
'For ever action there is an equal and opposite reaction.'
“Nooo. No need to play the genius for me. I know who you really are Sherlock.” Victor ran his thumb over Sherlock’s lower lip and it made him shudder. Victor mistook the action for passion and not the revulsion that it was.
"You would help me with this and you don't even know what it is?" Sherlock was shocked.
“FUUCK!” John clinched his fist and howled. She was right on all counts. She always was. That’s why they made such an unstoppable force.
"That's the plan."
“May I?”
"What?" Sherlock's eyes wide and full of humor and disbelief.
John flatly refused to acknowledge the leap his heart made at the mention of Sherlock's call sign, but leap it did none the less.
“This is so like you. Getting involved. Getting hurt.”
For a moment Paul, gave John an odd twitchy look like a bird, giving his eyes an even more disturbing quality that made John's skin crawl.
"You think I'm upset with you because you killed a man?" John was stunned.
Yes love.
"Told you." John threw back the rest of his pint and stood up. "I leave you in charge of the the boys. Don't let Pipin get out of hand and make sure Seth gose home with Liam."
"I want you naked, and I think I'd like to explore." The devil in his eyes as they moved toward Sherlock's room. "And John?"
“Shall I gather the rest of the team then?”
Ok, so I realized far too late that not everyone knows what an L9A1, is. It’s a hand gun, alsoknoew a a Browning L9A1. There is also a L96A1, which is a sniper rifle. In this chapter a Sig Sauer, will be used, it is also a handgun. Sorry again for the late info.
“Right then. Off you pop.” Irene’s voice was even as her eyes began to sting.
"Would you believe we figured that part out?" Lestrade didn't spare the sarcasm.
“Are you actively trying to kill him!”
"Well see." Sherlock threw up his hands."What's wrong then."
“Hello J.”
Sherlock stepped into the shadows of the alley right behind a very unsuspecting man who was too intent on creeping up on someone else to notice Sherlock creeping up on him. Sherlock swift and silent wrapped his arm around the mans neck affectively cutting off the man’s air supply and the would be assailant slipped into unconsciousness. Sherlock dropped him to the ground with the rest.
"Yep."
Thomas rushed Sherlock in anger and humiliation, he punched Sherlock hard in the jaw twice and threw his thin frame against the wall with enough force that Sherlock was momentarily stunned.  Thomas was on him pressing a painful sloppy kiss to Sherlock’s mouth and ripping at his clothing, trying to free his shirt from his trousers. Sherlock struggled against Thomas’s rage pushed at his shoulders and kneed him in the nuts. Sherlock stumbled and rushed past, Thomas doubled over in pain, but powered by his anger he caught Sherlock by his coat pulling him back and down. Thomas righted himself to sit on Sherlock’s hips. Sherlock knew that if Thomas strattled him the fight would be over. Thomas was strong and his anger gave him an advantage. Sherlock calmed and stopped struggling just enough to give Thomas the impression that he was beaten. That’s when Sherlock struck. Hard right to the jaw, sending Thomas sprawling backwards. Again Sherlock went for the door, making it this time Sherlock ran. He made it to the safety of a little used staff loo. He took stock of himself. Nothing broken, just a bloody lip and what looked like yet another black eye. Damn it! Finally Sherlock checked the small audio recorded he’d had in his breast pocket. Perfect working order. Mycroft would see to the rest. He smiled and his split lip instantly made him regret it. Regret. John. Sherlock stood looking at his battered reflection. He wanted nothing more then to run back to his room and the safety of John’s arms and settle next to him forever. Sherlock’s heart told him that John didn’t give a damn how things turned out, and would have him back with open arms. But reason said otherwise. Reason said that over time Sherlock would see the resentment begin to bloom in John’s beautiful blue eyes and love turn to repulsion. Sherlock couldn’t live every day waiting for each to be their last. He had never expected John to become all the things his life had lacked. Sherlock wanted to leave things as they had been. Good, beautiful and pure. To see that love weather and die wold be beyond agony. Sherlock nodded to his tear stained reflection and left Kings, for good.
"Be more specific."
Second, this chapter is dedicated to the very talented Breath4Soul. If the “Angry Birds” bit makes you laugh it’s all B4S, not me. She was gracious enough to beta this for me, and lend me some of her insights, she was and is fabulous. Whatever mistakes remain are mine, and mine alone.
"I can't. I don't want to disrupt the natural progression of whatever this is. Me showing up without an invitation may do just that, and I'll frighten away the architect of this whole thing."
2. Attractive as in, he looks good in a suit or he'd look good out of a suit?
You don't believe me.
A  knock on the downstairs door accompanied by a familiar voice brought Sherlock out of his revelry and to his feet, it also brought John to the threshold of the kitchen door holding two steamy cups smiling broadly stark naked. Sherlock’s eyes immediately snapped to John’s naked bits. Shit! Lestrade was moving up the seventeen steps far too quickly for any solution other then a blockade of sorts.
John’s chest heaved, and he rested on Sherlock in the aftermath sharing the folds of his coat soaking in Sherlock’s heat and sent lost to the sound of his blood buzzed loudly in his ears and the rapid thud of Sherlock’s heart. “What are you doing to me?” John rested his forehead against Sherlock’s now and asked in such away that it made Sherlock’s heart swell.
"Right then. What do you have for me to work with?"
~Isn't Paul D'Lacy, Thomas's current rent boy? *He* was at the first one~
“Oh Tiger. Look at you all jealous. No, no I think the pretty one stays. He may provide us both some fun yet.” Jim straddled Sebastian sitting in one of the big leather arm chairs.
“Just so you know. When all this is over, when we’re done here. I’m going to fuck that smug look off your face. Sir.”
“Well you did." John could see that he'd shocked Sherlock. Good, he had intended for the words to sting. "Not because of the drugs. No. I don’t give two fucks about that shit. I'm disappointed because you didn’t trust me and because you never believe I loved you in the first place."
Sherlock rolled to his stomach and propped up on his elbows, still a little breathless smiling, sweat damp curls dangled in his face.
“Sherlock, I’m sorry.”
“Flattery. How de rigueur. I think you’re John’s communications specialist. Pope.”
IIEA~
Mycroft looked mildly surprised slightly cheeky and mostly disinterested.  He was hard to pin down. John had to wonder if Mycroft had known all along that he was alive and hoped that Sherlock would play the forlorn lover for a time and then simply move on. He had misjudged the depth of his brothers feelings. And it had almost cost Sherlock his life. John had taught Sherlock that his life was no longer his to take.
“Yes. I will. And now there’s you and...”
“There are other couples that mimic what we have. Why not them?” Sebastian didn’t really care, whatever Jim wanted he wanted. But he knew Jim enjoyed the game so he played along.
“You know...” Sherlock turned in time to see John strip his t-shirt off one handed and then began to kick out of his jeans.”I wouldn’t turn down some company. Join me?” John was naked, and Sherlock’s gaze traveled and transformed as it did. What started as wolffish hunger at the sight of John’s cock  turned to ardent delight when he reached John’s smile.
"John, you're going to Mycroft's." Sherlock pulled his mobile from his pocket. "His home is a fortress. You'll be safe there."
“I wouldn’t know, my sinfulness was laughing to loudly for me to hear.” Sherlock tilted his head back to rest on the seat and awaited John’s response.
"No, we don't." Sherlock purred the words and pulled John down to rest the length of his body against Sherlock's hard frame. Desire like John had never know hammered throughout his body, his blood boiled and his cock ached.
“Sorry to disappoint  Mr. Moriarty.” John pushed away from the table and stood, Sherlock right beside him. “Here are the keys to the armored truck.” John pushed them across the table to Sebastian who nodded his thanks. “I think we’re done here yeah.” John and Sherlock didn’t wait for a response.
John was already beginning to feel the warming effects of good scotch and Sherlock's playful wink was only adding fuel to a fire that John had been trying to bank for years. He often wondered if he burned alone. There were times when he was sure that he saw the same fire in Sherlock's mercurial eyes, saw some spark of shared desire. Sometimes when their eyes would find each other and the silence lingered a little too long the air would become heavy in his lungs, and his blood would buzz in his ears and he was certain that the fire would consume them both.  But something always broke the spell, cooled the moment, pulled them apart. John took another sip and watched Sherlock's frustration wane. He threw himself dramatically onto the sofa and kicked up his feet.
"You're awfully cocky." Sherlock's choice of words made John laugh.
"If there are no leads that come out of this..."
"Put someone on Covent Garden and monitor all incoming flights to Heathrow and Gatwick. Do we have anyone in Dnipro?"
“Again.”
Sherlock interrupted with each word punctuated as he asked again. “Do you have it?”
"Should we be worried?"
"Because I'm afraid." John felt the time for words was over.
“Which is what exactly?” Sherlock was flippant and casual.
"Next question."
“No No.” Sherlock stammered and John smiled and getting closer. “It’s not that. It’s just...the sun is no longer as it should be. It’s wrong. Because somehow...” Sherlock took a breath and stepped as close as he trusted himself to. “you’re the sun.”
“You’re a fool!” Mycroft was angry and for the life of him couldn’t understand the uselessness of love or his brothers sudden willingness to fall under its spell. He had to wonder what made John Watson so extraordinary?
"John, as much as I would enjoy your hands on me any other time, right now I'm freezing my head is pounding and I just want to lay down and have a cup of tea."
"I'll take my doctors orders, but please tell me where we are." Sherlock's voice was weak and low from disuse.
"Let me guess, Priest."
“In short, the Russian’s need you Mr. Holmes. The uranium’s not going to enrich itself.” Mercy came back to her spot at the table.
“Desperately.” Sherlock’s smiling reply was cut short by yet another Russian who seeming sprang from thin air. This one smaller and with a knife at Sherlock’s throat as he viciously yanked at Sherlock’s curls pulling his head back in an awkward position.
“Well I’m only as good as my intel. Nothing beats actual boots on the ground. So you tell me.”
John watched the stark white digits against his black clothing and realized he had a thing for Sherlock’s long delicate fingers. Hell he had a thing for every facet of the gorgeous man. John chuckled at the easy  lust that flared up between them. How they craved each other at the slightest touch and became hard at the notion of more. God the more. The things John wanted with this man. Right here in this alley. And beyond. Not just this visceral need but there had been an emotional thread sown between them as well and John was eager to see what it would become.
Why were you in Berlin?
I know.
"Modesty is overrated. Please."
John stepped under the hot tap with his back to the water and let it run from head to toe. Sherlock stepped in in front of John and crowded under with him. John giggled and pulled the man in for a kiss. Sherlock’s hand drifted over John’s muscular body kissing his face and neck slow and deliberate in their placement.
"Get out." The second the words where out of John's mouth he was reminded of the first Holmes he'd said those words to and it went straight to what was left of his tattered heart. "Just leave. Please." Now John needed a good cry before he got drunk and went out to fuck the nearest thing he could find to the real thing. That was John's nearly nightly challenge, trying to find the next best thing to sate his pain and anger. John had fucked every business man, shop owner, cabbie and barista in London, that boar a passing resemblance to Sherlock. He'd been told there was a bloke at Vault 139, that was just what he was looking for, John intended to fuck the lucky fellows brains out by nights end.
Sherlock tipped the envelope and let the key fall into his palm. It was weightless...and yet all the weight in the world. He balled his fist tight around it and held it to his chest. It took a moment before Sherlock realized he was shaking and apparently crying.
"Then so will I." Sherlock's Bellstaff billowed in his wake.
“Yes Athena.” Mycroft did not look up at her from his desk. She waited.
"Continue their current opts?"
“Alright you prick.” John turned his back and Sherlock quickly resumed his position, but only for a moment. “Hale me a cab.” John said. Sherlock stepped to the curb and held up an arm and yelled “taxi!” And just like that magic happened. “Besides you told Gerald, you’d be there.”
“No Sir, I don’t.” Was he serious! What was he playing at?
"Upset?"
"They a couple then Sir?"
"I agree. Now if only I could convince him." John reach across the table for Sherlock's hand. Sherlock didn't pull away.
“Out with it then.”
“No. You shouldn’t.” The words where out before John could stop himself.  Now it was John’s turn to blush.”Yes, you should. I have a job to do and I don’t want you anywhere near this.”
"Alright then, let's talk about the unrealistic supply of condoms." Now John was the one laughing, and he too took another sip, well on his way to a nice mellow.
Sherlock felt a slight shiver as John turned and left.
"John?" The question clear in his tone.
"I know we do, but when have things between us ever come easy in this area. John I trust you implicitly, you know me completely and...I...love you."
John literally fell over with a hoot of laughter sprawled  snorting on the floor in tears clutching his stomach. Sherlock watched confused and concerned. Winded and hiccuping John tried to compose himself wiping tears from his eyes. “No love I am not a virgin. Far from it in fact.” John tried not to let laughter trickle back in.
For the sake of the job and his sanity John left the rest of Methos to finish the deal in Ireland. He was no good to his team with his head constantly elsewhere. While John had Dutch on surveillance, he took point on recon. He tracked down every obscure lead and whispered murmur, nothing and no one stood in his way. Ruthless was a nun compared to John. He was relentless in his pursuit and cutthroat in his means to find answers John was a man turned inside out and not to be lied to or fucked with. He was the antithesis of John Watson, and in his wake he left hell. But to find Sherlock he would be what ever demon he needed to become.
Sherlock,
Sherlock stood as John talked and took off his suit jacket and rolled up his cuffs before sitting back on the floor just a hair closer to John, now his long drawn out legs rested against John's from calf to thigh with Sherlock's toes occasionally brushing at John's waistband. The first contact make John giggle, the second made him burn. He shuddered to think what the third would do.
Sherlock pinched the bridge of his nose making sure it was only bloody and not broken. "Believe me when I tell you Thomas, you and your little clandestine trist where the farthest things from my mind." Sherlock cursed himself for his sharp words knowing it would earn him another good punch, but what was he to do? His mouth and his mind really needed to come to some sort of agreement.
“Oh I see, “ Sherlock straightened a bit but did not remove his hands. “I’m forbidden to say the words, but you are allowed to just throw them around all willy nilly.”
“John.” Sherlock’s muffled voice rumbled and his lips tickled the base of John’s throat from his spot on John’s shoulder.
They giggled like school girls and drink up.
"Not that you harlot. You have fourteen more questions." John tried not to be drawn in by Sherlock's hand now sliding down his own long frame casually brushing his fingers over his cock and casting John a hot look that he was becoming rapidly familiar with.  "On second thought, maybe you're right, the questions can wait." Halfway to a kiss already.
Sherlock I've told you, I have no problem answering your questions, I just don't thinkg we should get into it here, now, not like this.
"You should probably kill me now. Because if you don't and you hurt him, you'll cry for hell when I get my hands on you."
“I do. I promise I do.” John sat up swiftly but carful not to pull them apart, and grabbed Sherlock’s face kissing his reassurance.
"None of your business I'd imagine." Her tone was cool. Thomas did not like her answer. Or her really. Or was it woman in general?
"And you're alright with that?"
“Is that all?” Sherlock asked dismissively finishing his drink.
“Yes well, bad news for tourists getting caught in the German black market organ trade. Once you’re done with Crown Price Haakon, perhaps you could pop over and have a look. Seduction on the menu this evening?”
"Hello Mercy."
“A bit.” John wouldn’t say more.
“And you’re skilled in that area?”
“Don’t say my name like that! Like you care.”
John had laughed hardly at his sister that day. A week later when Mercy had actually started at MI5, he wasn’t laughing anymore. The choice had been easy from there. A life time of mind numbing normalcy or “super spy” as Mercy had put it.  Holy had protested hotly, and John couldn’t help but think maybe if she had shown some of that fire in the past he wouldn’t be packing his things and heading to parts unknown. John had left that life that and woman behind without a second thought. The years that followed where dangerous and exciting, love had never been on his radar. Sex on the other hand, had. Every place John traveled he sampled their wares, both male and female. In later years refining his taste to male only. But still not even a whisper of a relationship. Until now. The now that was Sherlock. Cool and aloff like the moon, brilliant and mezereising like the stars. John had thought Sherlock would turn out to be a fling that would burn hot and fast, only to cool and eventually go out like all the rest. Oh how wrong he had been. John had realized early on that Sherlock was something incredible. The intensity of what they had was like power itself. Nothing comepared. It felt like they were the center of the known universe and all else could fall away. So to say John was in love, was an injustice.
"Yes I do. But I owe you. And I think you deserve to know." The chap was good natured.
“S...A...S.” Sherlock kissed the letters onto John’s belly, where he’d been resting his head and laughed quietly as it caused an involuntary flutter coupled with John’s light laughter. “How long have you been The Queens weapon?” Sherlock asked.
“I give it a week.”
John wrapped Sherlock tight in his arms and held him with a fierce need to never let go and fell into the deepest sleep of his life. Sherlock did not sleep, but lay there in John's arms cataloging every subtlety, every nuance of John. His breathing pattern, his soft snort, the way his dusky blond lashes rested in a curly fan, the way he said "Sherlock. I love you." He could not allow himself to replay those words, to feel their weight. Sherlock finally let sleep take him in the predawn hours, but he woak the second John stirred. Sherlock feigned sleep so as not to have to face John.
"No. Really not that bad at all."  The mood in the room was shifting, good scotch, better company and a surprisingly intimate game. John grinned and moved on to the next question.
"What's the plan then?"
"Fine. I will. But I'm not the only one here at risk John. Keep your head down."
“Nothing so fancy, but yeah. And I still try to get on the pitch every now and again. You should come play with us Yarders one day.”
"Well it looks like your John is a saint on top of everything else. Let's hope he's a sinner in bed!" Irene bumped Sherlock with her hip and started to walk off fast.
“Hello J.”
"But why would he assume Sherlock and I where a couple?"
"Then talk to him." Simple. But Mycroft, knew it wasn't. Nether  he nor John had seen or heard from Sherlock, since that faithful night nearly nine months ago. John hadn't tried looking for Sherlock, because he didn't know what he would do if he found him. He didn't know if he was still too angry and would hurt him again, or if love was simple more important. Mycroft on the other hand had looked, and come up with nothing. He knew that the homeless network that was only loyal to Sherlock was helping his brother so it was like chasing shadows.
"I'm just here as a favor to a...friend." Sherlock didn't know what to make of this thing he had with John, but friend seemed like the easiest way to explain it.
Sherlock gave Irene an incredulous look. "And what would you know of us being perfect for one another?"
John tipped his head back against the pillow and laughed smacking a hand on Sherlock’s bottom.  “Shower first yeah. Join me?” John arched a brow.
"We should make sleeping arrangements." Sherlock tried to sound matter of fact.
“Hello Mercy.”
“Was that hard and fast enough for you J?” Cardinal leaned her shoulder against the wall and tapped her the muzzle of her rifle against her ankle. Red lipped and deadly.
“Absolutely not. Lovers are usually an experiment in some way or a distraction from boardum. Not...this.” Sherlock gestured with his glass at the surroundings.
“That was...” John props up on his elbows.
“The body is merely transport John. Or at lest it was. But I understand the need. Just..be safe. And come back to me. Nothing else is important.”
It was true. Sherlock hadn’t planned on saying no to Thomas’s terms. If he could somehow save John, then he reasoned he would do whatever was necessary. But this sent waves of nausea into the pit of Sherlock’s stomach and alarm bells blared in his head. This would taint all that he and John had been. This wouldn’t save John, it would destroy him if he ever found out.
"If you're pulling the strings, then you need to learn to pull a little faster."
Sherlock did as he was told. “John.” He reached to touch John’s face only to have his hand stopped in a firm grip.
John held Sherlock painfully tight rocking him in his arms kissing his wet curls and face. Whispering over and over, “Who did this to you, who did this to you love? I’m here. I’m right here.” John soothed and shushed until the hiccuping sobs slowed to a stop. Sherlock pulled away just enough to see John’s face. He looked up at him with a watery approximation of a smile and it broke John’s heart.
The entire team groaned and began to complain of sore limbs, and how they had run the play five times already and John was working them like the devil. There wasn't a clean one among them and most were at least a little bloody.
"JOHN!"
“Willy nilly, what the hell?” John questioned through his bust of laughter, he twisted out of Sherlock’s embrace to face him, slipping his own hands into Sherlock’s back pockets pulling him close. “Love,” he began but thought better of it. “Sherlock I’m sorry. I never should have asked you to do something that I couldn’t. It was just...the only thing I could say right then. The only thing that fit yeah. Whenever you want to say those words I’ll be more then happy to hear them.”
”We're acquaintances.”
“For you J? Never. Where do you want me?” She was suggestive. She was always suggestive.
"Was nothing." Sherlock purred.
"Sadly he doesn't have the brains God gave a squirrel. One because he put his hands on me, (oh don't give me that look, I handed it effectively.) two the fool thinks I'll covey messages to you, and three he claimes to not be the least bit concerned about John Watson. He's mental."
Why do you call me that?
"Is there more?"
"Sherlock, I was just going to ask if you wanted a drink, since it looks like we're going to be here a while."
“He’s fine. I’m sorry. The problem is...you see...he’s untraceable.”
Anything.
Sherlock skidded a bit in his efforts not to topple right over John as they clashed into each other. John steadied Sherlock by the shoulders holding him just short of arms length. John looked him in the eye and nodded. Sure he had Sherlock’s attention he started to speak.
“How are you so fuckin perfect?” John’s tone was a mix of passion and wonder his slightly drunk curse heavy with the sounds of his ancient Gaelic tongue.
5. How many blankets do you sleep with?
Sherlock stood in the center of the room feeling as if he needed to map his escape. “So what then?” He got right to the point not wanting to be alone with Thomas for any longer then necessary.
20. Is it with me?
“Fuck! Fuck Mercy! Start with that next time yeah.”John fell heavily into the chair resting his head back he closed his eyes and tried to still the murderous demon that had sprang to life at the *notion* of Sherlock being in danger.
"John I'm sorry. Truly. I should have told, I should have told you and Sherlock all that was going on. I just thought...if you knew...things would get out of control."
Helloo. The Cold East Wind here. Just a little note here. A Maxim9 is a 9mm handgun with a built in suppressor. Not creating total silence, but close. Just one of John’s many toys.
DaVallon, stood behind Sherlock, his arm wrapped around his throat with a crude electrical wire in his hand.
John shook his head and stifled a laugh at Moran’s usual greeting. “This is a secure line Doyle.” John put emphasis on the ails Moran had used in India.
“John!” Sherlock fairly screams. John stopped but didn’t turn.
“We would like to make you an offer.” Russian. The man at the far end with the thick neck full of gold and tattoos spoke.
She was going to kill Sherlock.
"Why would those two conspire?" Irene asked.
“Well fortunately I have people who give as many fucks as necessary that he is my brother and...”
”You knew I'd be here. Just like I knew the two of you would be here. What I didn't know was that he would be here.” John gestured with his glass to the young man on Sebastians right. ”Hello, Priest.”
“They need him.” John said more to himself then his twin, what he wanted to say he needed him, but that was absurd. “Fine. Let’s get back in.”
"Then they don't."
I know this is crazy short, but it felt like the right place to break. Don't look at me like that, I'm still writing! I promise. Now for some numbers. 12.42 stone is 174lbs. And 170cm is 5'7. It makes no sense now,but trust me, it will come in handy later. Oh, please share your comments and let me know if you like the flow of the story. A thousand times thank you.
“Odin come in. Over.”
John let go a breath he hadn't known he was holding and licked his lips.
“Call...I don’t remember any call,” he did in fact remember the call but at the time his mouth had been full, so no point trying to answer. “call about what exactly? Something else you can’t solve?” Sherlock braced a hand on the door frame when Lestrade looked like he was about to stand on tip toe to peer around him.
"Hour ago. Got here as fast as I could. Look, I get it. It's troubling. But it's not as if he knows where to find him." Lestrade, saw the need to reason with Sherlock.
“Understood. Novgorod, is the closest safe house. But that means getting back out of Moscow safety.”
“Hello J.” Mercy was as she every was. John smiled.
"Revealed." Sherlock upended his glass, like a man resolved to his fate.
"Brilliant."
John’s thoughts faded, he drifted away into pools of aqua blue green with flecks of gold and let the cold and pain take him.
"Because. I'm your BFF silly."
"Give it time, we'll find them."
Lestrade, spoke in a tone, Sherlock recognized from long ago. It was the voice of reason, the same calm reassuring tones that had convinced a young junkie that perhaps this world still held some surprises. He had been right then, Sherlock trusted him to be right now.
"John. I'm sorry I don't know what to say." Irene wanted so much to hide from John's gaze, but she was no coward.
Berlin, Germany
"My point exactly." John licked his lips and gave Sherlock a look that was just shy of sex itself.
Sherlock sounded far more cavalier then he felt. What he felt was new, and not the least bit new and interesting, no, this was terrifying. Sherlock's body trembled, his chest felt like lead, and the tears where dangerously close. He wanted John, no needed John, to fix this. And the only way he could do that was to live.
“Don’t be absurd!” Mycroft’s face was red now.
-The Pub
Irene stopped dead. She held Thomas with her gaze for a long moment. "I think we're done here."
“Me and Anderson mostly. Oh but he’s your mate. We’re just takin the piss it’s all in fun. So, what are the stars telling you about us?” John felt like he would vomit.
"Vividly. It was right after you exposed his affairs. I thought he was going to kick you out on your ares that very second or strangle you to death."
Sherlock had a decision to make. John most certainly would not let him stand alone if there were farther issue with Thomas. So the question Sherlock put to himself was this, was it selfish of him to carry on with John knowing Shipton's plan, knowing that it could destroy John's future? Sherlock didn't want to end things with John, but being the cause of his ruin was unthinkable. So decision made.
"Piss off." John called after him good naturally.
“Loved?”
"Fuck John, oh fuck, fuck, Christ oh my...oh my... goo...oh my goooood! Fuck me!"
"Oh Kitten, you will when I'm done with you." John arched a confident blond brow and took a drink.
Sherlock hated himself for what he was about to do. But do it he must. He dressed swift and silent, picked up his shoes and paused. John. He lay on his back, his right arm above his head, his left out straight on Sherlock’s pillow, his chest was bare with the covers coming to rest at his waist. Sherlock burnt the sight into his mind and created a space dedicated to all things John. Walking out was so much harder then it had been to let John leave. Walking out felt like betrayal. Sherlock reasoned that’s because it was. John had been more then clear about his feelings and the fact that he was in no way interested in ending their relationship. But Sherlock simply could not believe that John would be able to love him once he took a good long reasonable  look at all that Sherlock had cost him. And so he took one last look. He slipped his passport into his inside breast pocket and left.
"As a matter of fact I do. William Sherlock Scott Holmes. Sounds..."
“Mmm. Men like me don’t retire.” John ran his knuckles over sharp cheekbones and he met Sherlock’s pale liquid eyes. Sherlock looked away sadden by John’s words but said nothing. He was right tho. Men who did what John did, didn’t get old and tell war stories by the fire. They died bloody in the field at the hands of an enemy, the thought made Sherlock feel sick and hollow. A world without John. He let his head rest back on John’s belly, their breathing even and peaceful in this moment mixing and becoming one. John continued to rifle his fingers through thick silk grazing warm scalp.
Three man stood in the room where Sherlock was chained. John fired the L9A1 in such rapid secession that the first man hadn't hit the floor by the time the third one was dead. Sugerical precision.
Both men turned sharply toward the thick baritone and John had to wonder if Elliot where similarly effected by the dulcet tones as he was.
“Oh? Like who?” John waited for her answer and let the smile pull at the corner of his mouth. Sally misunderstood.
“I serve at the pleasure of the Queen. Who’s my contact in Ireland?” John asked.
"Holy hell." John was losing it.
"You sure he's ok...with this?" John made a gesture signifying the plane.
“I’ll contact Cardinal.” That was conformation enough for Odin.
"I don't know, it's not so bad." One corner of John's mouth turned up in a boyish grin.  Sherlock found that he was drawn in by that smile and felt pleasantly compelled to return it as well.
“You alright Sir?” John asked.
I don’t want to give anything away.
"If you like." Sherlock said in a voice that was more warm and soothing then the tea, as he settled in next to John. Sherlock had angled the telly toward the sofa, and they watched a "Black Mirror" marathon until John fell asleep against Sherlock's shoulder. John's measured breathing was calming Sherlock looked down on Johns face for a monument before resting his own dark curls against the blond head and felt his heart ached. This man. This remarkable person. Sherlock couldn't help but think "What a piece of work is man." This John Hamish Watson. Sherlock whispered his secret into Johns soft sun bleached hair.
"Nope."
"Move! You great bloody git!" John shoved Sherlock aside. And thank god that's when Scotland Yard arrived.
“Pope’s in Egypt.”
“Yes.” And that’s just what he was going to do. Erase the whole mission and everyone and everything that had anything to do with it. All the aliases, contacts wiped clean. On paper every one died and everything was lost. Scorched Earth. Clean slate.
"You require my services Sir?"
"Fine. But you're not going to like the solution. If we stay, we stay together." Sherlock couldn't believe what his was suggesting, but it had to be done if John refused to leave.
That’s what I said. And none taken.
Sherlock made some sort of hand gesture with a bit of a laugh thinking himself clever.
"Christ Sherlock! How can you be that big and that quite all at once?" John failed suprise when in truth his body was conspiring against him and his mind seemed inclined to follow if his deviant thoughts where any indication.
There was no awkwardness. No fumbling, their motions were a study in perfection. John was first to shed his clothes and the sight of him naked and hard, stopped Sherlock cold. Holy fuck. Sherlock blinked for a moment stunned at the sight. He’d known, of course he’d known, but seeing was....mouthwatering. Sherlock came back to himself. He disrobed more slowly now, touching his own body in enticing ways and places making a show of his nudity. John was going to be formidable. But not yet, first he would have to endure.
“I think I can do that. Goodbye Mercy.”
“Good luck J.”
"Don't touch me!" Sherlock protested as he stood on tips toes, whenceing trying to see around the man and into the still open ambulance as the paramedics worked on John.
Sherlock knew what John was trying to do so he took a deep breath through his nose, he steadied himself sat up and moved his naked form from between John’s legs to the foot of the bed sitting crossed legged back impossibly straight. He could feel the sting at the back of his eyes begin to betray him. But no. None of that. John had asked a question. Best get to it. Sherlock jutted his chin pinned a pretty smile on, and jumped in.
John looked out the window without seeing. Soon he would land at a well hidden airstrip on the Pakistan, India border. Soon he would began the very first mission he didn’t want to go on. The key in John’s palm felt cool and nearly weightless. The Craig. He dropped the key into the envelope along with the letter.
“I won’t have to.” John winked with his little crooked smile and left.
When John returned to The Craig he found Sherlock standing on a rise over looking the moors.
"Bollocks!" Realization hit John like a ton of bricks. Sherlock hadn't told John where the meeting point was, and there could only be one reason for that. The location must have been an obvious trap. He texted Sherlock, frantic.
"Oh touche Doctor. You know I really was going to sell him to the highest bidder, once I put the offer out there it became a very popular idea, he's so lovely all long and lean. Skin like alabaster, and that mouth! Jesus! Can you imagine those lips wrapped around your cock?! Well of course you can. But sadly it's that same lovely mouth of his that changed my mind. He really is an asshole. Which does make the whole torture thing more enjoyable." DaVallon turned to leave. "You know he said you would come for him. Too bad it's to die."
7. Have you ever had a song or poem written for you?
“Copy that.”
"Not too scared, he just seems...standoffish, more of a challenge then my average pursuits." They both stretched in place as they talked.
"Look, John, I'll keep him safe. Won't let him out of my sight."
"Arse. On your side? Back? JimJams? Pants?"
15. Do you have a type?
"I know that feeling. Every time I close my eyes, you're there. You've always been there. Here." John fisted his hand in his jacket over his heart. The room was tiny, and if John just stretched out his arm he could nearly touch Sherlock sitting in a black swivel chair facing the mirror. John watched as Sherlock's eyes drifted closed and his head lulled. Then he spoke. His beautiful voice an angry hatful whisper.
"You know we could just pop off and take a peek at all the really quite wonderful things ahead for the two of you. I think you'll be pleasantly surprised, or maybe not so surprised, but still pleased."
John sat alone in the conference room with a cuppa waiting for the call.  The phone rang.
“No, just be still, I’ve got you.” John helped the wounded man strip down to his pants and went to work. His knee was swollen and red, but red was good, and to be expected after the day they’d had. The burns on his thighs and sides where healing nicely, his shoulder was not. The color was off and it was obviously infected. Fuck. John knew he couldn’t continue to run with this man. He needed rest and proper medical treatment, and if he didn’t get those things soon then the whole exfill will have been pointless because he’d be dead.
Ahhh brothers.
"Why a suit?" John grinned.
“You need to be ready to move at a moments notice. This is far from over.” Mercy was stern.
Christmas at Barker Street dawned snowy and full of surprises. Sherlock hadn’t deduced the fact that John had gifted him The Irish Stratovarius, but not because John had done such a clever job of hiding it downstairs with Mrs. Hudson, but because Sherlock (for once) chose not to see. He actually wanted to be surprised for John's sake. It had not been easy to ignore all the tell-tale signs, day trips to Paris, where violinist Antti Tikkanen was playing, smelling of Hudders, when he came back up after giving her a hug of thanks. Obvious. But for John just this once, Sherlock would turn a bland eye, it was after all Christmas.
“Among other things. Captain John Watson, of The Regiment, Sir.”
“Well he is a friend.” John laughed that was his girl.
Mercy was accustomed to delivering news of dangerous orders for sketchy locations with nefarious people, it was kind of her thing and she did it with just the right mix of tact and humor to make it acceptable. What wasn’t her thing was giving her brother information that would hurt him or throw him off his game. And if ever Mercy had seen a game changer Sherlock Holmes was it. John was the best. But love supersedes all in even the best of us.
John opened his eyes to the soft gray light and the sounds of a late sluggish London morning.
"I need to know if there are any repeat players. That person is most likely the one pulling the strings, and if not then they're someone's point man. We need those names."
“Sherlock.” John pleaded.
John turned quickly and walked to Sherlock's side.
They clung to each other they moved together in Sherlock’s grip hot hard and desperate. John’s hands roved over Sherlock’s body unsure where he wanted to touch him most. His curls, his neck, his cock. John’s gloved fingers settled over their cocks at the moment of climax he cupped his palm and tried in vain to stem the tide. They kissed each other deeply, lovingly through the shared spasms.
"That's what I said." John had a confused furrowed brow.
Sherlock slid into the back of the taxi oblivious to anything aside from the message he was frantically tying out to Lestrade.
"No!" Both Sherlock and Lestrade spoke and looked appalled at the idea.
“Delicate? Is that what you think I like?”
Thomas jerked away from Irene and half threw her back in the process, she stumbled but did not fall.
"Now we're stuck here in this God forsaken wilderness..."
“When you see him. Can you give him my letter. Hand delivery is so much more personal wouldn’t you say?” Sherlock was all charm.
"This is brilliant! Consulting Dick must pay better then I thought." John shouldered the rifle and beamed like a ten year old. "These things are impossible to get your hands on!This is...just...you are a thing of wonder Sherlock Holmes."
“I will do...whatever her majesty requires of me, for as long as she  requires it. All I ever really wanted to do was serve...”
“Yes J.”
The slap could be heard across the pub. Sherlock rubbed his face as the small blond stormed away.
John made his way to the safe house. Once there he sat on the dingy cot of a bed and looked about his hot dusty surroundings. He was tired, not the tired of a long stretch of days, but weary of this life. He needed Scotland. He needed London. London was cool and beautiful right now, just like Sherlock. John picked up his mobile.
Enlighten me.
“Stop, just stop. You are the dumbest smart person I’ve ever met!” John ignored the look of shocked indignation and kept talking. “You think I joined the army to become a doctor, because that's all I ever wanted from life, well you’re wrong. I joined the army with the singular hope that this bullet” John pointed to his shoulder and drew a line to his heart. “Would be ten inches to the right. I told you! To your face that all I wanted in this life was to be with you. Nothing more, but that brain of yours won’t let you believe me. Now you’ve cost us six years. And I expect to be payed back, starting now.”
“Thank you Mercy.”
“I’m aware that my flat is bugged, thank goodness you had the decency to only go as far as the sitting room.”
John sat the empty glass down and walked slowly back to the sitting room he was in pain, but they needed to talk. If not about the kiss, then at least about the case. Sherlock was still standing by the sofa right where he'd left him.
"Fuckin Magpie."
“Put him through Mercy thank you.” Mercy put the call though without a word and was gone.
All three Russians gave him a look and poster boy had to wonder if “duh” was universal.
"I'll get the assets, you lay ground cover." Moran hefted Sherlock up on to his shoulder. John gave a curt nod knowing that it was the right call even if it didn't sit well with him. They made for the first cell, there Moran grabbed the small man and practically drug him by the coller up the steps. They ran to the waiting Chinook in the clearing with John at the ready to lay down cover fire.
Sherlock squeezed gingerly between the big blue box and the kitchen counter holding a stack of slides and a beaker as if the thing where a regular fixture in their lives.
“Are you trying to bait me?”
“You don’t quite do you?” John was surely feeling lecherous at the moment.
"As you wish."
“Voltaire, if you wouldn’t mind?” Voltaire was Johns explosives expert. If he wasn’t carrying his usual stash of C-4, no worries. Voltaire could take chewing gum, a cotton ball, and your shoelace and make an equally deadly explosive.
"Yes. I am. Brilliant that." John put Sherlock's tea on the arm of his chair and sat down.
"Is it because I said I love him? Because I understand if he's not ready. It's fine. I mean..."
“Mercy.”
John pressed his back against the doors ready to lay down cover fire as Voltaire went to work, but found that it was totally unnecessary. Each lab secured. God he loved his fuckin team.
"One hundred percent my fucking call!"
"Poe. Yes the skull is an homage, but not to The Bard. More to the macabre."
Hello. The Cold East Wind here. First let me say I'm so very sorry I've been away so long, I have missed you all immensely! Second, I hope all your holidays were Merry and Bright! And I hope you enjoy this little gift from me.
John was stretched out on Sherlock's bed with one arm under his head and the other wrapped around Sherlock's shoulders. Sherlock lay in the crook of John's arm drunk from Johns warmth and lulled by his deep even breathing drifting somewhere between wake and sleep when his mobile resting in his hand in the middle of John's chest gave a loud and insistent buzz. Sherlock blinked at the screen for a moment, not understanding. Three names staired back at him.
John felt awful as he checked them into the InterContnintal Hotel Moscow. His asset stood back and to John’s left pale, and sweaty, the pain was obviously taking its toll. And yet he stood there silent and resolute. John felt a surge of respect for the man.
~December 23rd, Paris France~
"Sherlock, the EMT's need room to do their job. I'll get you there. I promise."
"Moving now. With two civilians in tow."
Once John was deep in the shadows of a dark and dusty back street he stopped and pulled out his mobile, just as he’d suspected, the man made his move.
Sherlock sat in the spot where John had left him. Eyes close fingers steepled and resting lightly on his lips, trying to breath evenly, trying to think properly and trying to ignore the erection that was sucking all the blood from his brain.
Sherlock nearly fell to the floor of the cab in laughter clutching his chest.
“Now what?” John asked sitting at the foot of Sherlock’s bed, while the younger man sat on the floor in front of him and wiped at the blood on the back of John’s knuckles with a flannel realizing that none of it was actually John’s.
”Hello J. How can I help you?”
“And that’s exactly why I needed to tell you ahead of time. So that you didn’t laugh outright in Harbingers face.”
Sherlock frowned at the envelope in his hand, his brain couldn’t fix on a single proper thought. ‘Sherlock’ stared back at him in strong clean letters. Sherlock ran his fingers over the ink never more in love with his name then he was in that moment. Blindly stumbling to his chair in front of the fire, he pondered what could John possibly have to say? Sherlock got to his feet and pulled the knife from the mantel. The knife rent the paper loudly in the quiet flat. Sherlock hesitated. He was being ridiculous. But what could John have to say? Deep breath. Keep calm and carry on...
"I may 'over think' as you say, but I am also rarely wrong. Don't you find it the least bit curious that no one has taken credit for the idea or the flyers themselves for that matter? People are in my experience eager to get recognition for their supposed achievements no matter how slight."
"I don't give a damn what you tell him, but you sure as hell can't leave him in the dark like this! It's cruel even for you!"  Irene knew she was being harsh, but she was fighting for (as much as she hated to say it) love. "This dose not involve just you Sherlock! John should get to decide what's most important to him!"
“Sir.”
"Well then." Sherlock looked down at his shoes a little dejected, unsure hands clapped behind his back.
"Have you seen what it dose? What it can do?" Moran sounded just shy of frantic.
“J, wouldn’t let Pope wire the whole place. Too bad.” Voltaire’s smile was cheeky and made his eyes playful he leaned towards Sherlock with an out stretched hand, offering him an old Nokia mobile phone. There was one voice mail.  The taxi came to a light and Voltaire slipped out without so much as a nod.
“I wish I had more time.” Sherlock was undoing John’s trousers while he spoke.
Sherlock could only assume that was a yes.
“Copy that. See you in five hours.”
Off you pop and go see for yourself.
“Mmm. If...I let you fuck me...there will be...” John paused searching for the right words. “Commitments. Binding commitments.” His Gaelic heavier still.
"Hello J. How may I help you?"
John smiled. “We’ll have to this again soon Mr. Holmes.” Satisfied that his meaning was clear.
"Stupid, stupid!" Sherlock admonished himself loudly with his eyes closed tightly and his teeth clenched. He opened his eyes and glared hatefully at his surroundings stalking around the confines of the cabin.
"Oh god yes."
Never going to happen. Especially now that I  know you consider us together.
John just frowned at the speaking man. At Elliot. He was nearly as lovely as Sherlock. John couldn't help but think as ridiculous as it was that they would have beautiful babies. But that's not what comes out of John's mouth.
Yours
"Perhaps repeating myself isn't so bad after all. Yes John. With all my heart yes. And I'm sorry I made you wait so long." Sherlock smiled softly.
"Sherlock, Mrs. Hudson told me to let myself up, so here I am." He stopped just inside the door and waited for John and Sherlock to right themselves.
“No, I’m defending what’s mine.”  John was smiling, but that didn’t make the weight of his words any less true.
"Knees. Definitely. I'm fairly certain it's early onset rheumatoid arthritis."
"Oh come on. When you see a woman and you find her attractive what is it that draws you to her?"
“Well that’s just it then isn’t it John. I’m not playing.” Sherlock sipped his drink, and gave John a look.
"Dutch's people are doing their best."
"Hello Mercy."
"Fine. But this means that you'll pay close attention at that game tomorrow night, and you'll answer all my questions after." Sherlock picked up her pack of cigarettes and lit one on his way out the door.
“Understood.”  John’s answer was true. But understanding and compliance are two different things.
The next round of flyers was found the following morning. Taped to doors in the night, with no more then twenty recipients. Time and location remained the same. Sherlock had kept track of the last players to see if anything unusual happened to any of them. It had. James Harper, suddenly went back to America.
"Yes John all that was glaringly obvious. I was talking about now. With the time that we're cooped up. I don't suppose cousin Brandabas has a Cluedo game laying around somewhere."
"Knees. Definitely. I'm fairly certain it's early onset rheumatoid arthritis."
“And how will it all end? Will you retire to the countryside one day?”  Sherlock tried to remain jovial but the air had grown heavy and Sherlock cursed himself for such clumsy words.
John had always been very patriotic and loved the work he did for his country, truth be told he would probably do it for free just for the adrenaline rush. But right now in this moment with Sherlock nearly at his fingertips all he wanted was final orders.
"John?" Sherlock's voice hushed and dark, thick like honey.
I said I would John. No need for thanks. You have people on the rest of the bidders?
John sat about disassembling his sniper rifle, too pissed at Cardinal to hear the footsteps right away, but still hearing them far enough away to slide his L9A1 from the small of his back.
The kiss was not the passion they had shared before, but anger and hurt beyond reason, that evolved into guilt and apology.
We miss our boys almost as much as they miss each other.
“Don’t you? You’ve sat here at Speedy’s three days doing what?”
This was pointless. Sherlock knew he would never be good at the words so he decided to abandon the idea altogether. Perhaps it would just have to happen naturally as they say.
10. What is your favorite scent?
“It’s the middle of the day with a house positively abuzz with people.” Sherlock made this observation as he toed off his shoes slipped languorously out of his jacket and crawled up the bed in a slinky hip winding motion that John knew well.
"There is one more option, but you're not going to like it."
“Twenty six dead at the location you gave us, but I’m certain it’s not their main base of operations.”
Sherlock had rushed ahead of John in his usual fashion of impatience and long legs and had been caught off his game by the man they where after. The murderer in question was a particularly nasty fellow who liked to cut and carve up his victims until they bleed out, and had showed absolutely no conscience up to this point and promised to continued in this same vain. Sherlock's great strides ate up the distance between he and the killer, but the man spun sharply and swung his heavy bag of tools into the darkness and smashed them into the side of Sherlock's head, the pain barely had a chance to resister before Sherlock was out cold. John rounded the corner seconds later, his eyes locked with the criminal standing over Sherlock, before they darted to the pron figure of his friend on the ground, he looked back up at the man with a murderous sneer.
"Yep." Sebastian was short.
“And that has what to do with any of this? You believe love, your love will protect him?”
“So am I to assume that Sherlock won’t be joining us for new year?”
"Really. Then why ask?"
"Hello Mercy."
"Fine. Why am I here then Lestrade?" Sherlock tried not to sound annoyed.
“How are you feeling Sir?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
"John...I'm not very good with gifts, giving or receiving..."
“Shut it.” John warned.
John's eyes fluttered open, so dark and lifeless, not the bright ocean waters, Sherlock had fell in love with, these eyes where not Johns, this was not his John.
"Call it. " John's shoulders slumped and he started off the pitch.
"Shut it Hamish!" John threw back his head and laughed rich throaty and crisp.
"This is bollocks. Gentleman let's go, leave the queer to his practice." Thomas nearly spat the words at John and Sherlock.
"Sherlock Holmes." Sherlock answered his mobile knowing that it had to be a case if Lestrade were calling on a Sunday.
Sally had sidled up to Sherlock the second Lestrade was out of ear shot to spit her vile words at him. This was only one of the many things that made Sherlock dislike her. Never brave enough to be nasty to him in front of others, aside from Anderson, (who doggedly followed her lead) but always lurking waiting in the shadows like the coward that she was.
“Dr. Watson.”  Mycroft found that he was fidgeting with his pocket watch.
"Ta."
"Do you really want to ask that question Sherlock? Because there's no coming back." Sherlock closed his eyes, took a deep breath, steepled his fingers and rested them lightly on his lips. They had never been this close to their personal truths before. Sherlock was a careless risk taker in all aspects of his life, but to risk John was to risk all. He let his breath go and gave John a look that was equal parts trust, anticipation and honesty. He swallowed hard.
"Brilliant." John and Sherlock held each other's gaze for a long moment, John obviously trying to decide if he was going to kiss him. Sherlock held his breath waiting. A smile spread across Johns face slow and full of heat. "Later." The word held a double meaning. John tugged at Sherlock's coat sleeve as he walked off toward class.
"I've never really given it much thought. Children have always seemed like something out of the question for me. Therefore a desire one way or the other made little difference."
Irene let herself in and sat about making the loudest cup of tea possible. When subtle clanging didn't do the job she dropped the empty kettle on the floor. Sherlock's eyes cracked open his voice heavy. "I hate you."
“And who do you think gets sent down those avenues Mr. Holmes? Me. The blunt instrument. As you so readily pointed out. The same man you requested for the exfill of your brother..."
"And where are you going?"
John gestures for Sherlock to move closer as he bent his knees and moved forward, Sherlock mirrored John's movements so that they were side by side Johns left knee pressed against Sherlock's right. They sat there for how long John was not sure. Silent. Foreheads resting together, Sherlock's tears soft and steady, his eyes down cast. His mind swirling with new information repeating over and over, not ready, not ready. Sherlock's breathing had become a little shallow and his pulse thudded wildly. But John was patient as the grave. He waited, and Sherlock eventually relaxed into him.
"John I can't..." Sherlock had to surpress a shiver from John's touch.
"What took you so long?" John sounded like a man suffering.
“Can you breath darling?” John stopped his assault, but kept his hands on the plush bottom until he turned Sherlock over. John crawled up Sherlock's hot sweat covered body.
"John this man, this butcher, he creeps in under cover of darkness, drugs his victims while they sleep and then dissects them while their still alive." Sherlock was on the verge of tears, the image of these thing happening to John clear in his mind.
Irene followed as quickly as she could. Once outside the pitch, Sherlock wasn't hard to spot. "Sherlock you stop this instant! Sherlock! I know you hear me!" Irene was being flat out ignored. "William Sherlock Scott Holmes!" That did the trick. Sherlock whipped around to glare at her. "You forced my hand so don't give me that bloody look!"
“Hello Love. I know you already live under a certain level of surveillance and protection, but if you don’t mind, I’d like to sleep at night. And I can’t do that unless my people have eyes on you while I can’t. So I’ve taken the liberty of setting up a few things in my absence. Please understand.”
Sherlock flashed John a horrorfied look. “Oh honey those shoes!” Sherlock did his best Freddie Mercury which was alarmingly good and both of them fell into childish laughter and it took them a few minutes to wipe the tear from their eyes.
Sherlock snickered and rolled his eyes at the question.
He asked and Sherlock nodded his answer, before stripping Sherlock’s white button up off his shoulders. Sherlock was struck more clearly now then he had been the first time, by John’s gental roughly calloused hands, he found the contrast intriguing. Sherlock was also acutely aware of everything else about the man before him. His sent of oak moss and spice warmed by his skin, Sherlock watched in tranced by the muscles in John’s forearm as he cleaned and redressed his shoulder, he decided then and there that he would have him. It wasn’t often that Sherlock took a lover, because so few men aroused his curiosity let alone anything else. But this man was danger, power, and sex, delicately tending his wounds.
"Bit not good." John slumped to the side and winced in pain, darkness creeping onto his field of vision.
18. How can I win your heart?
(“And what makes you think I didn’t?”) John tilted his head and waited for an answer.
“It doesn’t feel like. Call you back.” John cut the call as Jim winked and smiled at him from across the ballroom just as Sebastian strolled up next to him.
“When you're done here, come find me. If you make the effort to find me, I'll know that you're serious. We can work it out then." John left quickly before anymore words were exchanged afraid his resolve would crumble. John needed to put some distance between the two of them so he didn't say something he would regret, he also had to track down and permanently put a stop to whoever was behind the Sarin.
"I would just hate to see that pretty face of his bashed in." Thomas was almost laughing.
"No Sir. He told Mr. Holmes, he couldn't ride in the ambulance with Dr. Watson. So he broke Hillstens nose, to get past him."
"Yes."
“Yes it is.” John sat by the bed his forearms resting on his thighs hands clasped between his legs.
“Hello J.” A woman’s smooth coy voice answered. She was John’s second. Red lipped and deadly. Her call sign should have been Viper.
"Yes."
"You don't want anyone from Methos to take point?"
"Thank God, that's over." John stands on tiptoe and brushes a chaste kiss on Sherlock's lips. "Now let's go get married." Sherlock giggles, so dose John and they loop arms and head for the alter.
~Eight Months Later~
"Whatever you want." And Sherlock ment it. With a whole heart mind body and soul. He ment it. He pulled John’s head down by his neck and captured John's bottom lip lightly in his teeth. What John wanted was for this to last a life time, for this to be his life time. For this man to be his life. John moaned and gave in to the primal rhythm of his hips the smack of hot flesh and the sound of Sherlock’s heightening pleasure.
"Don't die. Lestrade, will be here any second." As if on cue, the blaring of siren could be heard growing louder in the distance.
Are to be joined at Dunstanburgh Castle
“Sherlock don’t. Please. It’ll kill me.” John caressed Sherlock’s knees and tights still in the squat position John still inside him.
"You love me?" Sherlock's voice was small.
"Naturally." Irene's tone didn't falter.
“Of course if I like! Don’t be dim! I was asking your opinion.” Jim grimaced.
Lestrade, rubbed a hand over his face. He was so done with Sherlock Holmes and John Watson and their bullshit.
John didn’t wait for him to finish stammering through his unwanted apology.
"That may take some time. They are everywhere."
“No, that would be evil. And stupid.” Sherlock offered a smile and the cigarette. Irene spread her hands in a conciliatory manner.
"Irene. I can't."  Sherlock tugged on Irene's coat sleeve as she was standing up making some sort of lud gesture to the apposing team.
Sherlock ached his face an open mask of love. “I need to say the words John.”
“Ten years.” John’s own voice startled him with its aching far away tone as he continued to tangle his fingers through Sherlock’s mess of curls.
18. How can I win your heart?
But a warm rumble penetrated the cold from time to time. Had it been there since the start? John wanted to go wherever it was.
"Yessss." The word was a hiss of steam on John's skin and it urged him deeper and earned him more of the same. "God yesssss John."
“Done.”
John finished his nightly routine and came into the kitchen to collect Sherlock who had cleaned up their mess from earlier. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock's shoulders and kissed his neck. "Time for bed love." Sherlock tilted his to the left to give John better access.
"Gone John obviously. Do keep up." Sherlock shook his head, smiling at John with a warmth that John couldn't help but return.
John stared down at the GPS coordinence 20.0225 latitude, 75.1742 longitude. Off the top of his head he knew it to be somewhere in Maharashtra, where exactly he couldn’t say.
“Eminent. Why haven’t I heard of it then?”
20. Is it with me?
“There’s a reason I’m team leader. I’ll handle things here. You need to disappear.”
5. You mean physically pain?
“J, he’s perfect and I may steal him.” Cardinal weaved between the two of them and out of sight leaving only her words and “Flower Bomb” left to hang in the air.
“I. Am.” John said with quite confidence and it was the sexiest thing Sherlock had ever herd.
"It's nothing." Sherlock rubbed his extremely red cheek. "She asked me if I could introduce her to you since  "we're friends and all" because you looked like a good catch and I told her that you don't like strippers, or cats which she has three of and that her twin boys are far too old to ever really see you as a father figure." John laughed as he took Sherlock gently by the chin turning his head to examine his rapidly bruising cheek.
"There's nothing to tell." Sherlock recounted last nights events for her.
Sherlock looked up at John in awe and only nodded, completely and utterly incapable of speech.
"Tons. I'm always cold. Next question. And don't be boring." Sherlock, rose with all his languid feline grace from the sofa and padded across the room to rifle through cousin Brandabas's, drink selection. He came back with a crystal cut decanter of cognac. John watched the man sink down next to him on the floor and before he could stop himself the next question was out.
It had been two years since John had told Sherlock how he loved him. It took nearly a year after that for the gaping whole of nothingness to consume everything around them. At fist it was just awkward between them, the silence that had once been a haven to them both had become filled with tension doubt and unasked and unanswered questions. It ripped them apart slowly and painfully until one day John simply left. Thinking it was best for them both. It hurt too much to watch the man he loved so, recoil from him. John had questioned his decision to leave a million times. Perhaps if they had talked John wouldn't be standing here now with a wedding invitation in his hand with the wrong names on it. He looked up at the castle on the hill complete with horse drawn carriage. Dunstanburgh, was elegant, beautiful, and ridiculess. Just like Sherlock.
“Seems as if that choice is yours."
How could you know that from so little.
“I can if their both true.”
It was a whisper, just like a secret. Sherlock went on. "I want your fingerprints all over my body, I want you inside me, I want to swallow you completely."  Sherlock's voice was a low rumble, each word sounded like hunger. John couldn't speak, couldn't think, all John could do was moan and lick and kiss and want. And right now he wanted to suck every one of  Sherlocks secrets out of him. John ran his mouth over the bulge of Sherlock's cock through his black cotton pants. Pleasure so intense shot through Sherlock making him arced sharply and thunk the back of his head against the wall. John repeated the motion, stroking him with his lips, as John then pushed his hands into the back of Sherlock's pants and kneaded his plush bottom at the same time.
Mercy didn't ask what John's definition of 'next to nothing' was, she'd worked in the field with him for years and 'next to nothing' was not in his playbook.
"Speaking of the queen, where is Sherlock?" Thomas thought himself clever. He always thought he was clever, rarely was he right.
“I can’t just turn it on and off like a tap John.” Sherlock was smiling enjoying his clever jibe, but it was short lived.
"Bit of an issue. We’ve lost the London feed.” Mercy waited into the silence. She could hear the tension bleeding through the line. John starred down blankly at the words on the screen. This was too much of a coincidence to be coincidence. This was orchestrated. But why? Why?
What makes you think I’m in a panic?
“What will you do? What will you do after all this John?” Sherlock found that he was genuinely curious and could hold back the question no longer.
"You  need to talk to him!" Irene was furious.
"What's wrong love?" John's voice was soft and always a soothing balm. Sherlock raised his head and changed positions to better see this man he loved so dearly. This man who continued to astound him in ways he never anticipated.
Sherlock laughed. "No need. My sexuality is firmly in place." Sherlock guided John's hand to the proof of his words.
"You use to fuck me like it was an art form, and now I've been reduced to an acquaintance?"
"Come on then." John gestured towards Sherlock's chair as he took his own. Sherlock sat down and tried to compose himself. He cleared his throat.
~London~
"God Sherlock! I'm no damsel in distress!" Irene flicked ash at him.
“Right then. Out with it.” John put the rest of his kit on, knife in his boot, one on his hip, L9A1, in the small of his back, 9mm shoulder holster.
“Good. Erebus, what do we know? Over.”
John pressed his lips against Sherlocks curls. "What in the hell are you doing here?" He spun Sherlock back around on his feet righting him and pushed up his balaclava.
“We won’t be needing two.” John reached for him again, for more kisses.
John dropped his gun to his side and ran a hand over his face. “Why...is your door open?”
“No.” The single word left Sherlock’s lips so quickly he wasn’t sure if he’d said it or just thought it. But from the look of outrage on Thomas’s face he could see he’d voiced the word.
“It’s not a request. John Watson, is a high ranking SAS agent and more dangerous then you can imagine. If you align yourself with him you’ll put yourself in danger, not to mention jeopardizing whatever mission he’s tasked with. You can not see him!”
"Oh don't sell yourself short John, it took very much indeed." Sherlock had worked his way over to the tub by this time and Johns body had fallen under Sherlock's powerful spell and he was now fully erect, soothing waters be damned. Sherlock stepped into the tub, still wrapped in gray silk, his feet on either side of Johns hips. John watched Sherlocks movements, sure and graceful. Without a word Sherlock sank slowly down into the water and inch by inch seated himself firmly and fully onto Johns cock, Sherlock's head fell back in shared extacy and water slouched over the edge of the tub in time with  Sherlock's rhythmic bounce. John was sure he would die.
“I know.” John managed to hissed against Sherlock’s ear and drove into him with a heart pounding breath jerking rhythm.
Northumberland, NE66 3TT
The phone call continued in the background.
“Fair enough.”
“Infection. Fever. Severe. Damage to the left shoulder....auxiliary artery...
"What about Moriarty and Moran?"
"John." There it was. The reason for everything. The reason his back was sore and his thighs felt like rubber. Everything. Because no matter how tied, or depleted, sick or half dead, his cock would always answer the call. The call of Sherlock's liquid honey baritone. That deep rolling thunder, was a call to action that his body was powerless to resist. And John wouldn't have it any other way.
Somewhere there exists a place were John and Sherlock have always been and will always be in perfect harmony. This is not that place.
"Yes John I know! We should have left yesterday. I shouldn't have gone back to look at the body again. I should have seen it the first time." Sherlock whirled about as he spoke unconsciously trying to relieve some of his angry tension.
“I need you to get me a mobile number.”
John took a minute to gather himself before being face to face with Sherlock again. His interest in his asset wasn’t as yet causing him any real trouble, but he needed to sus out what it was about Sherlock that gripped him. His smart ass mouth. His blazing intelligence. His grit. Or was it just his absolute fuckablity. John wished it was only about a shag. But John was a man who knew himself and he knew that this was some how more, there was this tread between them a connection that was more then just want. That’s why he didn’t like the plan. He did fancy his asset, and he certainly didn’t want to put him in harms way again. But he did have a job to do. He would just have to do it differently this time.
“Yeah, you’ve always been more the coup d’état type. Anywho.”
"Well that's just bullshit." Irene snorted.
“Disturbing.” Their words overlapped and they smiled at the similarities.
“Good luck J.”
And your lover?
"I know this one." John said proudly.
"What you thought I was leaving? Oh no not till you fall asleep and stay that way for a good while. Once I'm satisfied that you're resting well then I'll go. And I'll see you tomorrow. Enough talking."
"I'll take whatever I can get at this point. What have you got?"
“Fine.”
“Didn’t think what would be so easy?” Sherlock raised a brow.
The one word was telling.
"I can still feel you in me. My mind, my heart, my body. My god my body still feels your weight. And parts of me I don't understand. Deeper. More. Places I can't grasp. I lived for you. I. Wanted to give up, to make the pain stop, to find some peace. Some relief. But I couldn't let them take me away from you for good. I had to come back. I had to try to make this right."
"He shouldn't put his hands on you, and he's angry with himself." John's face set in worried frown.
“I’ll be in Paris tomorrow. The Pantheon at 4?” John was looking at Moran’s current location that Mercy had sent him at the beginning of the call.
John took a seat at the campfire that the six remaining men had shared not fifteen minutes ago. He pored himself a cup of tea that had been brewing over the fire and gesture for the men to join him. They sat with a mixture of defiance and hesitation.
"Well fuck-a-doodle-do! I told you! I told you and you still lost him! Damn it John!"
"Is it?" Sherlock purred laying on John's chest.
"His brother's not the commonwealth." Irene whispered behind her hand conspiratorially.
John's hips jutted up each time Sherlock's arched forward, their breath rough and uneven both trembled at the doubly hot sensation. Sherlock moved fluidly on John's cock and spoke absolute filth into his ear and the crook of his neck, while increasing wave after wave of insanely hot pleasure.
John waited. He'd said the words. He hadn't intended this to be the way he confessed his feelings, but with Sherlock Holmes things rarely go to plan.
“Alright then.” Sherlock said effortlessly and waved a hand in the air.
"Mycroft, this is in large part my doing. It's important to me that I at least try to put things right. Send as many of your people as you feel comfortable with I won't antagonize a single one. But no matter what, I’m going.”
“You will do exactly as I say.” John cupped Sherlock’s face like precious bone China his voice hot and urgent his chest heaved in time with Sherlock’s. “You will not put a toe out of place without my say so, and I will come for you. I will come for you with the force of the gods behind me. Do you hear me?!”
Mycroft huffed and gave her a look of long suffering. “Yes.”
Kiev Military Hospital, Kiev Ukraine
"I want you. I want you." Sherlock panted as he stroked John and John stroked him.  This time John was kind and with gentle steady pressure buried his cock into Sherlock's unimaginable heat.
John got a scotch from the bar and made his way to a corner cocktail table. Bidders trickled in, John watched for any familiar faces and after a brief wait spotted three. Two of which John had expected the third had nearly knocked him on his ass. This must be the beautiful new protégé Moran had mentioned.  Well Moran had gotten one part right at least he was beautiful. But he was far from new and he was no ones protège.
"No you don't understand. It's not at all what you think." John took Sherlock's large hand in both of his. He looked down at the surprisingly delicate fingers and loved the dichotomy that was Sherlock Holmes. Male surly, yet some how not. Too graceful, and prim to be just a man. And far far too pretty. "I'm afraid that this is...overwhelming. I don't know, maybe moving too fast. And I literally don't want to hurt you."
"I want you. To just...be with you." His honesty was raw.
"I don't know." Sherlock answered quickly in a high pitch tone.
Sherlock took this opportunity to drink John in. His sun gold skin, wind burnt cheeks, tousled hair, and sparkling ocean blue eyes. He was handsome. John felt the heat of the scrutiny and it made him bold. He leaned close to Sherlock's slightly up turned face. "I can't wait to kiss you."
“Pove it then.”
"Last night? You sneaky little cockwhore." Irene hissed close to Sherlock's ear.
“There has to have been a simpler way to say all that.” John couldn’t help but smile now that they where back on the same page, and knowing they’d never really left.
“Thank you Mercy.” John got up from his corner table and winked at the green eyed young man at the bar on his way out the door.
Mercy managed to hold her laughter in check.  “You have no idea.”
"This, of losing this. And losing you. I can't. I'd go mad." Sherlock tried to shake his head. John placed a steadying hand on his neck, and lets his thumb draw soothing little circles on Sherlock's jawline and earlobe.
“Exeter Beavers. You?”
“Sherlock!” Lestrade’s happy booming voice greeted them at the door followed by an unexpected bear hug. John watched the exchange Sherlock’s face force down a smile and he roll his eyes. All John could think was how cute the whole thing was. “And who’s this then?” Greg, gestured to John with his pint. Sherlock and John hadn’t talked about how they’d planned on introducing their relationship or John himself for that matter so John waited for Sherlock to take the lead. This was his world and John would fit into it however Sherlock wanted him to.
“Thank you Mercy.”
"Oh, it's just my friend here and I were having a debate. He said you were, and i said you weren't."  Irene winked at a shocked Sherlock and turned her charms on John, using her most seductive voice and a come-hither look if ever Sherlock had seen one. All of which was completely lost on John, because he hadn't taken his eyes off Sherlock.
“We need Sherlock Holmes to do some work for us. You...know...him?”
“I’m here. My team is in place.”
"For you to give yourself to me like this...it's everything." Sherlock's eyes sparkled with unshed tears of thanks and a love that would outlast time.
Thank the gods.
"Can I interest you in something?" Sherlock purred into Johns neck when he crawled under the covers next to him.
"Mycroft Holmes please."John had Mercy run down the number.
"Not really according to the rule book, but for you I'll bend the rules sure." Hell I'll shatter all the rules of this world for you. John wanted to say. "It's Shakespeare. The whole skull and all."
"Baker Street platform."
3. What are you afraid of?
“And thats why I love him.” John thought as naturally as breathing, before the second thought of “Ho-ly Fuck!” blared in his head.
Irene walked back to her rooms at an unhurried pace without her long legged companion by her side. Enjoying the slow stroll and the chance at a solitary cigarette. She blew smoke rings and smiled to herself glad at her friends bravery. John was a good man for Sherlock and she was happy they had found each other. She worried about Sherlock. He had been lonely, even if he hadn't known it himself, and that had made him vulnerable to the likes of Thomas, in the first place. John was confident, strong and unafraid to love openly and fully. He was just what the doctor ordered. Irene smile grew even broder at her pun. Her thoughts were interpreted by an irksome voice from too close behind her. Thomas Shipton.
"Jesus Christ!" Molly, staggered back against the double doors she'd just come through as she was met with the sight of John's tightly shut eyes and convulsing limbs bare bottom and thighs and his cock firmly down Sherlock's throat.
"You're not so bad yourself John Watson." Sherlock clicked his new violin case shut and came down from his chair to join John on the rug in front of the fire.
“So, Sherlock Holmes, what is it you do out there in the world when you’re not being captured and tortured by Russians?” John asked after he’d settled his knee between Sherlock's at the bar and ordered two glasses of Macallan 18 year old single malt scotch neat.
"Our Priest?"
Once aboard Moran laied Sherlock in the seats next to John like the precious package he knew him to be. Sherlock's head rested in John's lap curls plastered to his scalp with sweat, his skin pasty and gray, his eyes hollow dark and death like. John just stared down at him, relieved. Sherlock reached a hand up in a clumsy attempt to push back John's balaclava and failed. John was more then happy to pull if off for him.
"Not what I was expecting."
“Fine what?”
"Project?" John questioned. Paul, just  looked at him again in that jerky sideways way he had, before walking off.
"This. Here like this, with you." Sherlock held his breath, eyes fixed on John's face which he loved so much, and he was surprised to see there an expression that he was wholly unfamiliar with. At first Sherlock, mistook it for anger, the heat in John's eyes was near blinding blue sparks and he could see the heavy rise and fall of Johns breath, Sherlock felt his own pulse flutter, as the word 'lust' blared loudly in his brain. Sherlock looked away. John quickly asked another question.
"And why would I do that?" Sherlock sat up in a huff and shooed Irene away.
“Hello J.” The woman’s voice was crisp and very British.
Sherlock came back and sat on the table in front of John, with the kit open on the table next to him. He pulled Johns t-shirt gently over his head and just looked at him for a moment. Head tilted to the side, eyes a bit gazed, he placed his palm flat on Johns chest and closed his eyes letting his hand travel across his warm skin. John watched Sherlock become in that moment what he was sure was going to be a very sexual creature, in the near future, but not right now. John grabbed his wrist, hard. Sherlock's eyes snapped open, his lips barely parted, his breathing just a little erratic. John felt his body's instant response. Christ Sherlock was going to be a handful.
“Welcome to Tartarus.”  Cardinal flung wide the doors and her arms with a dynamic sweep to rival that of the most exhubrent game show host.
Irene relayed the information to John.
Sherlock thinks the only way to save John's future is to let him go. How is he so smart and yet so wrong?
“I’m Sherlock Holmes, by the way.”
“Brillant. You're brilliant and it verifies depending on the turn of the day. Some days we rise. Others we fall. Today...I am risen." John flopped down on the bed arms open wide patting the pillow next to him. “Join me.”
Helloo. The Cold East Wind here. What follows is a text message conversation between John and Sherlock. Please let me know if it is confusing or should be written somehow differently. A thousand times thank you in advance.
Mycroft’s whole body seemed to scoff at the mans flirtatious charm.
“Yes you should. And I should let you. Over and over.” Moran took a long drag on his cigarette tossed down a bit of money and winked his goodbye. John watched Moran melt into the crowd. This information had not been what John wanted to hear, or what he had expected. But things were rarely predictable in his line of work and like it or no Sherlock was in his line of work too. Right then. With this new knowledge John had even more reason then the package under his arm to hurry back to London.
“Prove it!” John kissed and tickled away whatever rancor remained weather real or imagined.
“221b Baker St. I’ve got a nice little flat, in central London, with a spare bedroom if you’re interested.”
IIEA~
"Scared. He's a grown man!" John was upset and disappointed.
“William you old so and so.” Moran was loud but that was the plan draw attention. Moran was putting on a show for his buyers with his rich Scottish contact.
“Bollocks.”
"Well. Go on then." John said with mock seriousness.
Sherlock listened to John's explanation and realized he was being quiet literal.
"Their strength. Women tent to be very strong both mentally and emotionally."
John, smiled. Lestrade, stood slack jawed. The other two officers exchanged looks of confusion.
“You’re in shock you daft bastard. Now be still so I can stop you from bleeding out in the dirt.”
“Sherlock, I’ve only ever tried to be a friend to you and yet you persist in trying to paint me as the villain. What a sad little life you must have. Now let me ask you a truth. Isn’t it true that you fucked the entire rugby team at your old uni, and that's why you transferred to Kings?" Thomas smiled at the crowd around him seeking like minded assholes. Paul giggled into his hand. All else was silent.
The three operatives on their floor were glaringly obvious. One cleaning woman with a Luger. She came into the room pushing her cart hand resting conspicuously on her weapon under a towel. John snapped her neck from behind before she got well into the room. Then there were two elevator maintenance workers that were far to well build for the job. John backed his asset into the corner of the elevator and went to work. Breaking the leg of one, a right hand swinging back fist to the face of the other man, as John pulled his knife with his left and stabbed the first man twice in the throat, he pulled the other assaillent towards him plunging the knife into his chest. John moved his asset the the front of the elevator and off to the side. The doors opened to the basement garage black and silent. The fire fight that insured left John’s asset with a graze wound to his neck and a murderous rage that caused John to holster his L9A1, and physically go after the man who’d shot him. The fight was brief and brutal culminating in the mans face being smashed to pulp on the concrete floor.
(“We want answers Mr. Holmes.”)
“Cardinal, give me a run down. Over.”
This chapter is dedicated to a lovely mademoiselle, who had some welcome suggestions. I try to be the writer you all want me to be and that’s why I look forward to all your comments. So to Larca Scorsa, I say thank you and I hope you enjoy.
Sherlock couldn’t help but think. “This is insanity.” Here he was the worlds only consulting detective rutting in an alley in Berlin with an assassin and loving it. Maybe if he weren’t constantly hungry for John every second they were apart, or maybe if this moment weren’t so perfectly exhilarating, maybe if the shock waves weren’t shooting through his body at the slightest brush of their cocks, maybe then he could pull himself (and his clothes) back together and find his way to sanity. John had other plans though. He grabbed Sherlock’s wrist and guided his large hand to nearly wrap around them both. John hissed at the feel of their cocks pressed together and jerked in Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock curled his fingers around them and stroked their cocks in this obscene and beautiful back alley wank.
~Karachi, Pakistan~
"Secret." That was the last word Sherlock heard from Johns lips as he fell over completely and was engulfed by emergency personnel. Sherlock looked on in paralyzed anguish, his view completely obstructed yet unwavering, lest he miss the slightest glimpse of John.
"I figure he'll stop by his flat before the game. If not I'll hold on to him for you at the Old Bank of England pub."
“Hello, sounds brilliant. But it’s just myself and Erebus. The rest of the boys are scattered like the wind.” Odin’s tone was jovial.
-The Station House
”It won't work J.”
“I want to help. Help you stop them..." Sherlock made some feeble effort to sit up.
Bishop raised a speculative yet good natured eyebrow. "I'll take my chances."
“If that’s the way you want it then.” Victor seemed truly sad by this decision. “I should let you know...I've not been completely honest. I've made some new friends and in truth they are...shall we say...less then friendly. So don't try to be brave or smart and out think me. We both know you can, but don't. Because this time if you do you lose. You lose everything. John is it? Don't look so shocked, I didn't come into this blindly. I know where you're weak, and I know how to break you. John will learn all the nasty details of who you really are genius detective. So what's it going to be?"
Sherlock's eyes flicker between the two very different men as he half listens to their words, half processing the possible out comes.
“Hello J.” Crisp as usual.
"Just yes? No yes I like this or that, just yes. Dull." John shot  Sherlock a glance to see if he knew that John was doing an impression of him. But of course he did. Clever boy. John was pleased and grinned.
"John, the bloke has a broken eye socket to go along with his broken nose." Lestrade, had tried to reach out to John, since Sherlock's return, but he'd been met with silence, and only had opportunity to speak to John when he got locked up for yet another pub brawl.
"I've got seven names, top that!" Irene said triumphantly.
"Sherlock?" Greg asked.
John looked away from his scope and waited for Cardinal to surface from the chaos. He pushed up his balaclava and  breathed a sigh of relief when her voice crackled to life in his ear.
J.” Mercy, knocked and pushed his door open.
Maharashtra, India
“I know. And?”
John lay against Sherlock's chest, still inside him, Sherlock's long legs loosely wrapped around John, both light headed floating and dangerously close to speaking the words that had led them to this moment. Sherlock ran his hands down John's back and smacked his bottom as he disentangled himself. John watched him walk across the room with unconscious grace. Sherlock came back to bed with a clean flannel. John jerked at Sherlock's intimate touch. "You were perfect." Sherlock kissed John's chest.
"Hello Sherlock."
Mercy’s wheelchair glided soundlessly across the floor, and Sherlock took this time to study the woman he’d overheard John speaking with more then once. Their conversations were short and to the point but there had been an easy intimacy between them that Sherlock couldn’t pin down until now. Sister. She clicked a few buttons and detailed the case up till now.
The air of mystery hung all around. Irene had arrived to a group of twelve that grew to a mir twenty.  The students were varied, and there seemed to be no discernible pattern. The questions and dares were random and all of what was to be expected from college students. By the end of the night Irene had given her bra to a lovely ginger girl she didn't know, there had been one strip tease, two silly dances, one slap, an exposed bum, a set of licked toes, and one young man had been outed as gay.
“Please. Please.” Wet and sweaty.
"In this situation Pope two days is longer then we can afford."
"No. But we do have a problem."
“That’s a lie.”  The heat of fear blossomed in Sherlock’s chest. Victor Trevor. The shadow of Sherlock’s past casting its oppressive darkness down upon his burgeoning future.
"Who are the players?"
“So you believe I’m here for some other reason, and just so happened to drop by and save your life en route?”
"Can I come in." John's voice was low and intensity radiated from him.
”You know J.B.?” Jim grew wide-eyed.
“Methos is on task. You were out two minutes tops. What happened?”
“Not exactly. Finalizing plans, and preparing to move, that should lite a fire under your ass.”
"So you're saying you lied all this time, and I missed it. Impossible." Sherlock's chin jutted up a bit.
“I serve at the pleasure of the Queen.” Retrieve, relocate and secure. This was new. John was accustom to being the blunt instrument. When it was imperative that an asset be extracted John was the call you made. Having to secure said asset after relocation well that was...new.
“John.” Sherlock nipped at John’s earlobe.
In John's line of work there was a general air of distrust, everyone you came in contact with was either a spy, an assassin, or a highly trained operative from one covert organization or another, so for Sherlock to be taken down by someone as workaday as Victor Trevor was both insulting and near impossible. Sherlock wouldn't have fallen for anything that Trevor was able to come up with on his own. Therefore Trevor had help. John was going to find out exactly who put him up to this and why, and heaven help them all when he did.
"Now, tell me all your secrets Sherlock Holmes."
"Me being me? You have no idea who I am, what I'm like or the slightest thing about me!" Sherlock pulled away from John at this point a little offended.
"I do still hate to repeat myself John."
(See the end of the chapter for
John tipped his head toward the fire, and reached out to refill Sherlock scotch, handing it back to him he said.
Sherlock's whole body shivered at the sound. In Sherlock's mind when John laughed the gods where pouring pearls down from Elysium, just for him. It took a moment for John's laughter to die down, when it did, his eyes fell on Sherlock and John gave a contented sigh. Still in a mischievous mood.
"What?" Sherlock's sudden pause made Irene jerk her attention back to him.
“Not at all love...” John’s voice pitched low.
”Yes, please.”
"John." Sherlock said his name like a gift. He turned on Lestrade, practically manic. "When did this arrive?"
"Busy day?" John asked sleepily, tossing the cloth to the floor.
8. Do you like your name?
“Cardinal here J. Over.”
Irene rolled her eyes. "Oh you two twats are perfect for each other."
So, you also know we’ve meet?
“You both could have been killed had I let him do it his way running around India playing Marco Polo until he found you. So yes I helped him. I had no idea you we being watched. It was completely off my radar.”
Jim laughed at Sherlock’s cool demeanor but the sound was less like laughter and more like nails on a chalkboard. “I have a colleague who whole heartedly believes that brainy is the new sexy. From where I’m standing sexy, is the new sexy. Or is it the old sexy?” Jim seemed to direct the last part of the question more to himself then everyone else. “We should all sit, don’t you think?” Jim, started off towards a table by the window. Once they were all seated he continued to address his questions to Sherlock.
The man stood folded his paper tucked it under his arm, took Sherlock’s letter and walked off.
"And Mercy, thank you." The words were heavier then usual, from a grateful brother to an understanding sister.
"That was classified.”
“You like it.” John challenged.
~Jaipur, India~
Four days passed. His asset slept, ate and healed.  By day four Sherlock was himself again, a man that John had never really seen. John went to Sherlock's room to tell him he was wanted in a meeting so they could formulate a strategy.  The safe house was actually a hotel, so when John entered Sherlock's rooms and didn't find him in the main room, he moved about until he heard the sound of the shower. The door to the loo was wide open and perfectly aligned with the shower itself. The shower door was made of distorted glass but only managed to come up midway to the occupant's shoulders. John stood a little ways back from the door unable to look away. Sherlock turned in the steaming hot water and met johns gaze. His unruly curls were slick off his face, lashes wet, and skin pink from the heat. At the site of John standing there watching him Sherlock’s mind raced with possibilities. The one he settled on made him smile a wicked crooked little smile. John heard the hiss of breath sucked through Sherlock’s teeth as he touch himself, John could see the motion of Sherlock’s right hand through the blurred glass sliding down his lean angular body that John had become very familiar with and that hand begin to move. Sherlock bit his lower lip, and looked down his wet body, his left hand gripped the shower door, he looked back up at John, his breath was sharp, he closed his eyes and arched his back, his right hand moved faster, he looked back at John through half lowered wet lashes mouth open panting, huffing, his hand gripped the glass tighter, he sucked in one ragged breath after another, after another his head rolled back, his body jerked, his eyes fluttered and came back to rest on John who stood stone still. Watching. His breath was jerky, peppered with low moans, half cut off, Sherlock licked his lips, and tilted his head back whining soft low over and over one word. John. So sweet on wet lips. His grip on the glass door was the only thing that kept him from falling as his release claimed his whole body. Sherlock bit down on his lip red and swollen and nearly double over in jerky convulsions. He hung his head mouth open perfectly spent and looked up at John through his lashes with sparkling devilish eyes trying to regain his breath. John broke the silence.
John stared down into his empty rock glass, and weighed his options. One he could simply get up and let the slobbering cock of a man have the bar stool that he clearly believed was his  precious, or two he could teach him Newton's third law of motion.
"Not what I was expecting."
“Please. Please don’t. If you do and I can’t be with you every second of every day. I’ll die. I can’t.”
"Right then." Greg raised his glass.
Sherlock turned to give Donovan his full attention. “Whatever you may be thinking of trying don’t. I can assure you it’s not going to go the way you think.” For whatever reason Sherlock felt the need to warn her of the dangers ahead. John was the best of men but his temper towards stupidity was nearly as intolerable as his own.
"Look at you." John cooed. Sherlock gave a mock curtsy, before sitting down the tray and serving.
"I don't need another step." John leveled his weapon and placed a bullet perfectly between DaVallon's eyes.
"No. I've told you how this works. We go. Or we stay. Up to you."
“And that’s our target. Full breach with extreme prejudice. On my mark. Over.” John pulled his balaclava in place and stepped into the clearing.
“John, there's something I should say, I've meant to say always and I never have.  I’m sorry...you’re here in Afghanistan, it’s my fault and...”
“Proves you’ve got a mirror.” John huffed.
“I need you to suspend all over watch contingencies and call the team in.”
"Stop it now. You've got a visitor upstairs. Very handsome one." She said in a little conspiratorial whisper.
“As Sherlock would say, was obvious really. You’re dressed alike.” They were. Both in all black jeans t-shirts and leather jackets. “You can’t stop looking over at him, he hasn’t stopped looking at you, and who’s going to put up with his shit unless they fancied him?”
"This. Here like this, with you." Sherlock held his breath, eyes fixed on John's face which he loved so much, and he was surprised to see there an expression that he was wholly unfamiliar with. At first Sherlock, mistook it for anger, the heat in John's eyes was near blinding blue sparks and he could see the heavy rise and fall of Johns breath, Sherlock felt his own pulse flutter, as the word 'lust' blared loudly in his brain. Sherlock looked away. John quickly asked another question.
John was already beginning to feel the warming effects of good scotch and Sherlock's playful wink was only adding fuel to a fire that John had been trying to bank for years. He often wondered if he burned alone. There were times when he was sure that he saw the same fire in Sherlock's mercurial eyes, saw some spark of shared desire. Sometimes when their eyes would find each other and the silence lingered a little too long the air would become heavy in his lungs, and his blood would buzz in his ears and he was certain that the fire would consume them both.  But something always broke the spell, cooled the moment, pulled them apart. John took another sip and watched Sherlock's frustration wane. He threw himself dramatically onto the sofa and kicked up his feet.
John loomed above standing by the bed and looked down at him. “Your wounds need to be cleaned and redressed. Sir.”
"To what end?"
"I'll make the buy get it out of play, and let you worry about tracking the sellers."
“And not be board.” Sherlock interjected. “Mercy, convinced you to join her at MI5, then MI6, because she knew surgery would never be enough for you. Thrilling enough for both sides of who you are. She knows you well. From there the two of you became what you are today. Judgment (nothing so pedestrian as justice) and Mercy. She is your sister.”
Helloo. The Cold East Wind here.  So below is a text conversation between our boys, just text bare bones. Draw your own conclusions.
Oslo, Norway
“Who’s the threat? Is it your boss?”
Seems like you already know the answer. How? I barely spoke to him.
Yes. What’s wrong?
“Of course not.” Mycroft gritted his teeth in anger.
“Cet infidèle pense que nous parlerons!”
“How’s our boy then?”
"No, Sherlock not 'so be it.' Don't you understand, I can not live without you! And that's not wide eyed love talking, its a fact! You are my reason for everything. Have been since the the second I gave you my god damn mobile. I essentially handed you my heart that day. I love you. In every way. And at this point I know, I can't go on without you. That's why I'm angry. I'm nothing without you."
Sherlock huffed a laugh.
“J, said you were clever.” She was dressed in form fitting black from curls to heels save for her red lips and nails. Ah, Cardinal. John’s second. But wait, why was she her? Why was she here!? “Calm down. He’s fine.” Cardinal smiled, but it was far from reassuring. Sherlock attributed it to the fact that smiling was not her normal state.
“Ahem. Hello Boys.” A sing song voice interrupted.
"Well. Go on then." John said with mock seriousness.
Mycroft sat behind his massive desk shaking his head at his little brother.
"You never said I had to be honest."
Did you know Berlin, has alleys? Sherlock dose.
“You don’t understand. This isn’t about us...well it is...it’s completely about us isn’t it...opts like this...this long require a certain amount of believe ability...sometimes...shit...all the time...”
John’s panting slowed to an occasional huff, he let his head loll to the side facing Sherlock, a contented smile on his face.
"St. Bart's, I'm guessing Sir."
“Herbinger,” John stood, his self possession and authority radiated. “I think you know that all the yes Ma'am and subordinate behavior were a courtesy. With that said, I'll take point from here.”
Sherlock knew that he was on dangerous ground now with Thomas, but danger was part of the game.
”Let me guess. Sherlock Holmes.”
“Lestrade this is J, he’s a friend staying with me for a while.” Sherlock smiled at John seeking his approval.
"Priest was here. With Moriarty."
Sherlock came back and sat a cup down in front of John (who’d found his way back to the sofa to take a look at his handy work) then he sat crossed legged on the floor on the opposite side of the table, he held his cup in both hands smothering the poor thing as he blow off puff of steam. John chuckled. Sherlock gave him a look that was disarming in its quiet beauty.
“I think it’s time for me to leave.” John collected his two drinks and shoved some money in a glass.
"Let slip? Please you've been dying to shout it from the rooftops." Sherlock accused her.
"That's your takeaway from what I just told you? Odd family names?" Sherlock chuckled, and sipped at his drink.
"What! Why? I mean, why? What's wrong?" John felt fear flar  up.
Team Kronos- Dutch (Team Leader) Lord, Baron, Earl, Count, Duke
There's an expectant pause.
"Well?" John let the question hang in the air. Sherlock knew it was an invitation and wanted John, more then he wanted his next breath. This moment had been the only thing that kept him alive when he'd been chained to a wall stripped naked and beaten in the cold dark place. Or water boarded in the arid desert. Or drugged in the abandoned warehouse. This. John Hamish Watson. Sherlock, stood and began to take off his suit. John watched him with a look of intense hunger. A little thrill of electricity ran up Sherlock's spine when Johns fingers touched his skin, and he tugged him toward his room. Once there John turned on Sherlock his kisses where an assault. There where things in that kiss that should never live side by side, loss and regret, pain and betrayal, love and anger. He shoved Sherlock onto the bed and looked down at the beauty beneath him, and hated Sherlock. He hated himself, and he hated the world for what it had done to them. A halo of black curls seemed to swirl around Sherlock's snowy skin and his beautiful changeable eyes looked into John trustingly. John had never wanted anything quite so much and he knew that he would go to his grave loving this man. John thought that he would take Sherlock fast and hard. But as he watched his hands move over the pale skin, with tears in his eyes and a lump in his throat he wanted what he'd always wanted, to love him, every inch, every pore, every breath. John licked his fingers and pushed inside Sherlock's body, the sound Sherlock made was more breath then words and he arched his hips up into Johns palm, he was hot and tight and stunning. John wanted to cry. He bathed Sherlocks lean muscular body in kisses he sucked his cock with greed and once he knew Sherlock to be open and eager for him, John pushed inside him, burying his huge cock in Sherlock much faster then he'd intended but primal need hurt,and anger, urged John on. All Sherlock could do was rise up to meet each beautifully agonizing beat of Johns cock inside him, the spiral of pleasure was blinding tears ran freely into his curls, a mingle of emotional pain and soaring joy, he couldn't hold him close enough, Sherlock wanted this feeling forever. John forever. The weight of his cock heavy in his body, the curve of Johns muscles under his hands as they flexed in rythme. He was beautiful, and he took Sherlock's breath away.
"No. You don't get to change the original question or add to it."
"As I said 'working theory'. But if I'm correct, we should have our answer tomorrow and all should be obvious even to the two of you." John half frowned half smiled and plucked Sherlock's pinky toe. Irene threw a crumpled piece of paper at his head, and all three laughed when it hit its mark square in Sherlock's forehead.
“You’re joking?” Sherlock took John’s cup from his hands placing it on the table before pushing John backwards and strattling his lap.
“A man named Jim Moriarty.”
“I’m surprised you didn’t do that in the first place.” John entered the Thai restaurant to the sound of a bell jingle above the door.
“Well I’m not sure if you’ve noticed but Sherlock has a bit of a penchant for pissing people off.” John took a deep drink. “He’d let his mouth led his ass into a corner and he seemed out numbered, I was there right time right place, I lent a hand.”
"Let me go! I just need to find him, then I'll let you do what you like. Just let me find him. Please." John was dizzy, and wobbly on his feet as he was settled in. Just then.
"Let Him Go. I won't ask again."
"I would have killed that man today if he'd touched you."
"Because I didn't know what to do with it at the time. With the love that it is. I didn't know how to return it, express it. I wasn't worth your love, and I didn't want to disappoint you. So I closed myself off, hoping your feelings would just fade. Eventually they did. And you left."
"Never apologize for this. Never. I'm yours. Do whatever you want."
"Hello Mercy."
Irene squealed in triumph. Sherlock rolled his eyes, but smiled nonetheless.
“It’s Sherlock...”
Sherlock studied John for a long moment. Beautiful John. His John. To be honest if that had been the description Sherlock were given...no John would not have fit his taste. Not on paper anyway. The basic outline did John no justice whatsoever.
"Oh it's all relative John. I have no idea." Sherlock waved a hand through the air being dismissive, trying to down play the whole thing.
Dose John know something about this opt that we don’t?
“Sherlock...deep cover opts are...complicated.” John took Sherlock hands from around his waist and stepped out of his embrace turning to face him. “The things I have to do...the person I need to become. Look...I don’t expect anything from you.” John held Sherlock’s hands grazing his thumbs over promante knuckles.
"What drama is this then? And is John part of that mass?" Irene went to the window and flung the curtains wide, when Sherlock didn't move Irene knew this was not his usual pout nor was John hidden beneath. So. She sat on the bed and waited. Sherlock's hand emerged from the mound he'd burrowed into. Irene passed him the cigarette without words despite her fire hazard concerns. Sherlock surfaced. A ceaseless stream of tears came from his red rimed eyes.
Things happens...
“Copy that J. Over.” Cardinal was smooth and unruffled as ever.
"It's about time."
~Moscow Russia ~
"Thank you Dutch. I'll have Mercy send you the dossier."
"He would have, had my insufferable, meddling brother not told him at my administration that, under no circumstances was my expulsion to ever be so much as considered."
"So he's just as likely to come after you as he is me."
"Did you want to go?" John wrapped his fingers around Sherlock's hand.
Consequences
John slipped his key card from the door and stepped inside the dimly lit suite. He was greeted by the deep strings and the high whine of  “Zero Is The River” by: The Wires. Not that John knew the piece of music, he only knew that the cello was inviting and reminded him of home with all its gray clouds harsh winds and beauty. John moved around the space enjoying the luxury for a change dropping his heavy bag slipping out of his jacket and toeing off his shoes. In the back of his mind John wondered who had chosen the music. It was a good choice. He would have to thank them. He wouldn’t have long to wait.
"Waiting." John gave a sideways smile.
"Take the chance?"
He was after all a doctor, and by extension a teacher. John decided to teach. He spun around with rock glass in hand and smashed it into the side of the mans head. The slobbering cock staggered back holding his bloody face but not before John broke his nose with crushing accuracy and a smile. His two mates advanced on John. John planted his feet and stood his ground. Elbow to the face of one fellow and a solid jab in the solar plexus of the other. Someone grabbed John from behind and put him in a head lock, the two blokes not completely out of commission went to work on John, with a flurry of punches. John licked at his bloody split lip and just laughed. John had been trying to either drink himself or fuck himself to death, when taking the odd dangerous job here and there from Mycroft, had failed to do the trick. But this would do just as well he thought. Anything for a momentary distraction from the soul eating pain of his own fuck up's. Police arrived all too soon in Johns opinion and carted everyone off.
Two Days Later
"Ta."
"That's your takeaway from what I just told you? Odd family names?" Sherlock chuckled, and sipped at his drink.
“Are you injured J?”
“Twins remember, now out with it.” John tickled the toes that had been resting in his lap making the owner start and smile up at him, John dropped a kiss on Sherlock’s forehead and began wandering about the room.
"You win. For now. " John smiled.
"If you like." John licked his lips involuntarily.
Sherlock contemplated this and just nodded in response.
"Really. Then why ask?"
-The Crime Scene
And who exactly is it one sends to kill a killer. No offense.
~Boko Haram~
"Ok. What can I do to help?"
“Yes I am.”
“What? Here? John there’s people. They’ll see.” Sherlock looked panicked just at the thought.
John,
"Sufficiently Love, would be selling yourself woefully short."
"Brilliant." John said and kissed Sherlock's curls.
Saint Petersburg, Russia
"Pope. What do you have for me?"
“Do you know who I am Dr. Watson?” Mycroft relaxed now as if he himself had just remembered that he was in-fact  “The British Government” and he could end this game at anytime.
"Then do them." The words were simple every day words and they shouldn't have made Sherlock feel a wash in heat, they shouldn't have made his breath heavy and his blood buzz in his ears, but they did.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at his too thin reflection and grunted. His deep blue suit, his favorite suit, hung, where it use to hug. It was a disgrace to the art of bespoke tailoring. He felt awful may as well look the part.
“Voltaire.” John’s demolitions specialist. Still recovering from the Boko Haram affair, but leaving London soon.
-You ran off as if you'd never seen two blokes
"So I've heard." John answer in the exact same way.
“La Ville-Lumiere.” Sherlock said in flawless French.
"In that case, what can I do?"
"Because, if even a fraction of the things I know about this man are true, there is no one else aside from him that should be standing here with you Sherlock." Elliot seemed rather happy with himself.
"Yes." Irene released a breath she hadn't known she'd been holding.
“Yes please.” John replied to the tea and watched his love pad about silently on bare feet around his cluttered kitchen. This place suited him. The cozy sanctuary in the bustling heart of London. John had thought he and Sherlock would spend their limited free time at The Craig when they could, away from the world, but this laid-back little flat felt like home. Their home. John found himself looking down the road to a future with this man. Holy fuck. But first he needed to know if he was walking that road alone.
John and Sebastian had learned to work together over the months they’d been forced into each other’s company. In the end they had earned more then just a mutual respect. What they did was a immoral brotherhood of sorts, and they understood one another in a way neither had expected. Plus loving a mad genius put you in a very exclusive club.
“This is going to be painful, but I need you to move quickly. Can you do that for me?” Sherlock gave a curt nod. “Don’t worry about the pain. I’ll ease it when we get where we’re going yeah?” Another nod. “Good. Let’s move.”
John opened his eyes to a riot of black curls and porcelain skin.  Familiar, but all wrong.
"Lidia, please do try to be less irritating." Irene picked up her coat and brushed past her, grabbing Sherlock by the sleeve on her way out.
"Turns out they were looking in all the wrong places. I found Trevor at an underground poker game."
John laughed. It was a lovely throaty vibration that took Sherlock by surprise. He could get use to invoking that sound. “Drink with me.”
“I’m here because...can you sit down please?”
“What? No.” John looked at the other three people at the table as if they’d lost their minds.
"I can hardly see how you could be angry. Not only was this man a killer, and a horrible person it was more or less self-defense."
"Tons. I'm always cold. Next question. And don't be boring." Sherlock, rose with all his languid feline grace from the sofa and padded across the room to rifle through cousin Brandabas's, drink selection. He came back with a crystal cut decanter of cognac. John watched the man sink down next to him on the floor and before he could stop himself the next question was out.
"I don't know. You and a baby. Little boy, bright blue eyes. Thick curls. Maybe you should give it some thought. But for now considering what we do for a living maybe a dog. Children later, when things are less...."
“I already know what you call me.” Sherlock was all cheeky confidence.
14. How do you sleep?
"No, I'm not. But if you're put off by them then I won't force it." Sherlock bridged the space between them and kissed John softly.
One Week Later
On the third day...
“Oh, I see. Well I saw to begin with but it was worth a try. Boring.”
Just then Sherlock's mobile blared for more attention.
“The rest is obvious. I’m to be used as bait. It makes the most sense and it’s clearly the easiest way to get to the uranium.” Sherlock said as plainly as ordering afternoon tea.
"Oh please! You're the one always accosting me in ever other dark corner. Why in Gods name would I be interested in following you?" Thomas's face turned three different shades of red. Paul, muttered something in the background and rushed off. Sherlock realized his mistake as he watched Paul's retreating back. Thomas backed Sherlock against the wall and was inches away from Sherlock's face now. Too angry for worlds he just made a sound that reminded Sherlock of a dog that had his hackles up. He raised his hand, and to Sherlock's surprise his hand was not made into a fist, but an open palm. That surprise turned to pain as that palm slammed Sherlock's head against the wall. Pain burst throughout his skull and blackness took his vision.
John removes his mouth and says the word. “Nonverbal love. Nonverbal.”  This is said as John presses Sherlock closer and firmly rubs his cock through the rich fabric of his trousers.
"You are aware, that you can not drink him away?" Mycroft lend on this umbrella and cast John a critical look.
"I never broke a mans nose for my mates Sir, if you'll pardon me saying."
(“But Mr. Holmes that’s just it. You already know the question.”) He dropped the cables back in the water without warning.
”Yes. There are. And it's time that the person on the other end of that message knows that too.”
Sherlock rushed to the door way about to ask John exactly what he'd just said, when he heard the fimiller sound of a door clicking shut. He turned back to the kitchen.
“Really?” John arched an eyebrow with a crooked smile. “Hold that thought Kitten yeah?” John pulled out his Maxim9 and ducked around the corner knife still in hand. Sherlock hung back and listen to the sounds of the nearby fighting. John came back moments later with fresh blood spray across his face, knife covered in blood in one hand gun smoking in the other. “You were saying?”
“Hello Mercy. The uranium is officially out of our hands. Although I can’t say I’m sure of it’s safety.”
"Now get out!" John pushed away so swiftly that the absence of his warmth made Sherlock shiver.
“Are we on holiday?”
“I’ll stop if you if stop.” Sherlock countered and helped himself to a drink. Mycroft always had the most interesting selection. He settled on a glass of Drambuie Jacobite. Scottish. Sherlock smiled.
“Thank you Cardinal.”
"Thomas Shipton." John said quietly and got up to put the kettle on.
"I don't know, it's not so bad." One corner of John's mouth turned up in a boyish grin.  Sherlock found that he was drawn in by that smile and felt pleasantly compelled to return it as well.
"Must we be so maudlin. Next question." There was a sparkle to Sherlock's clear eyes and John wasn't sure if it was tears or cognac.
“Because I wasn't looking forward to disappointing you." Sherlock's words were small.
"You wouldn't! And if you do I will never speak to you again!" Sherlock screamed in her face.
“Exactly. Three days, three papers, from three different counties. Your shoes are French. Not just French made, but come from France exclusively, yesterday you answer the phone in Spanish, your blue eyes say that clearly that’s not your native tongue, and each day your tea of choice has been an Indian favorite Darjeeling. Conclusion: world traveled multi lingual cryptologist and communications specialist. Now will you be delivering my letter?”
“John...”
"Stop being petty! I don't care who knows my name, and I don't give a damn if you want to talk! I'm not going to let you muck this up!"
“English rose.”
"Oh yes. More of the same." Sherlock was bubbly and wicked as his draped his limbs over John's body.
London
John smiled. “Sherlock."
“After you’re verboten little confab with Crown Prince Haakon, there’s a hefty price on your head.”
John held his head up to look Irene in the face as they lay head to foot her face down by his feet.
"What do you want John?" Sherlock didn't trust himself.
“I’m skilled in *all* areas.” There was no mistaking the connotations this time.
"As bad as it gets."
“The pretty one, yes.” Sebastian would like nothing more at the moment then to skin “the pretty one” alive if it made his Jim happy.
"Then so be it. Your safety..."
"Not my area. But why? Why is this part of me, this part of my life so important to you? Why do you care?"
"What dose it normally feel like?" John was driving home his point.
"Poe. Yes the skull is an homage, but not to The Bard. More to the macabre."
“Mercy, if you wouldn’t mind.” Harbinger gesture to the wall of a computer screen.
"We really don't have the space for it Sherlock." John was losing steam and was nearly ready to drop the subject.
13. Do you want children?
John looked down at the haphazard hand writing that was as familiar to him as the man who'd laid it on the page. A letter of confession after all these years, hand delivered this very morning along side a second hand written piece, Sherlock's wedding invitation. John almost laughed. Almost.
"Well, I guess someone ask the other 20 questions. It's a pretty straightforward kind of game."
"Keep giving me cheek, and I'll make the questions harder." John's warning was meant to be stern, but came out sounding tempting to Sherlock's ears. So Sherlock countered.
“Copy that. I’ll contact you once we relocate.”
“It is relevant. If it weren’t, I wouldn’t be here. So, again how are you feeling?” John’s voice was firm and brokered no argument.
“Mercy please...”
“Yes.” The answer came so swift and resolute Mycroft was stunned silent. “Now are we done here?”
"You may need more than names. You may need a snowplow and a helicopter. Or have you forgotten where we are?" Sherlock took a sip, chuckled and ran a hand through his curls, something he rarely did and John couldn't help but wish it was his fingers tangled in the lush blackness.
"That you have been on his mind. And it's been too long since he bumped into you.  You should know that I let slip about you and John."
"Tea." Sherlock dralled in a tone usually confined to the bedroom as he sat down a cup on the table in front of the sofa where John had been napping. John felt the familiar jolt low in his belly at the hit of wicked in Sherlocks voice.
There are times when an assets life becomes expendable. Most likely because they are no longer central to the mission, or they have become an obstacle to the main objective. Of course John could see where Sherlock’s usefulness could end in this particular instance. He could even see the possibility for Sherlock to become a liability. What John could not see was allowing any harm to come to his asset. No matter how tits up things may go, Sherlock Holmes (if no one else) was getting out of this alive. Period.
"Oh God fuck yes please!" Sherlock was perfect and beautiful in his desire. John couldn't wait another second. Sherlock didn't want him to. John shifted to his knees, his fingers bitting into Sherlock's boney hip and began the slow push of his cock into Sherlock's slick heat.
"John Watson?" Irene cut him off mid speech. "No time for fathomless blue eyes and an insanely hot ass?"
"Why must you always think the worst of me? But no in answer to your question. Nothing so dramatic.” Thomas had shut the door and was now leaning against it.
"What are you afraid of?" John's words were calming and low.
“Sherlock, you know the first part of the the plan the rest is simple...” John wasn’t surprised he was cut off.
"Sherlock, I wanted you here. Plain and simple. I want you wherever I am. If you got to know my team and grew to like them mores the better. So if anyone needed to pass muster it was them."
"Sherlock...what am i going to do with you? I can't stay I wish I could. I'll be just over there if you need any help. Be careful here ok. The people hosting this thing are animals. Please head back home back to London as soon as this is over."
Sherlock took johns hand and stood frowning down at him. "I...don’t understand.”
Sherlock approached his grave, a strange feeling to be sure even for him, pulling his collor up against the chill, both real and imagined it was one of those nights when you can feel that the cold had decided its time to take root. In the distance Sherlock could make out the form of what he knew to be John Watson, sitting on the cold ground, bottle in one hand, L9A1 in the other, head resting on Sherlock's glossy black headstone. John didn't hear Sherlocks approach, the wind was just high enough to cover his steps, so he was able to come within a couple of paces of Johns out stretched feet, he crouched down.
“What can I say? I play to my strengths. See you at 4 then?”
"Quite possibly to make a fool of myself."
John stepped into the clearing and fired four shots. Russian’s One and Two, went down with two bullets a piece. Head and chest. Russian number three, got a shot off in John’s general direction which only pissed him off more as the knee capped Russian’s four and five before he turned and shot Three, in the face and chest. With Four and Five on the floor John shot the gun out of Six’s, hand and put two bullets in Four and Five as he passed.
“And you’re not?”
John laced his fingers and leaned forward on his knees.
"Captain Watson, pleasssse tell me this call is finally about spine tingling pleasure and not mind numbing business."
"What?"  Both John and Irene came to life at once.
"I'll bleed you, but not the way I'll bleed him. The golden one." The butcher smiled slow and vile.
John had long ago found that sometimes it was necessary to drug his assets for one reason or another. In this case it had been for the mans safety and comfort. As it turned out it had also save his asset from a long and dangerous ride and spared him having to watch John kill two fake Russian soldiers, at a fake Russian check point. So as he watched the man slowly coming to, he was confident that the ends justified the means. Let’s hope his asset felt the same.
~Back at my room. I ran into a spot of bother and decided
-Part One-
“Ty, Kommi, trakhayesh’sya.” Six, snarled at John.
"It's not infected. Are you done?" John opened his eyes.
John had never been *in* love. The closest he’d come was Holly, in uni. A tall statuesque beauty with jet black hair aqua blue eyes and skin like cream. (He had always had a type.) Their relationship had been...calm. Normal. Dull. Holy was easy on the eyes and pleasant enough, so John had asked her out. Three years later John found himself ignoring the nagging voice in his head that told him time and time again that this was not his life. But despite his doubts he had began the long and arduous trudge down the road toward domesticity and supposed material bliss. For three years John endured empty conversations with Holly and her equally empty friends, predictable dates and marginally enjoyable sex.
“This is my...my fault.”
“You know he would shit to see us like this?” Smoke swirled in the air above her.
“Move him. And take a seat.”
Four Hours Until The Buy
He was in fact right. “He’s dead.”
“Hello Mercy. I’m leaving for Germany within the hour. Why the call?” John zipped his rifle case and took a seat in the black leather chair of his five star hotel room.
“I missed you.” Sherlock draped his arms over John’s shoulders and twined his long fingers in John’s short cropped hair pulling John in for a kiss.
"Who said anything about being offended?! Johns cock is huge!" Molly exclaimed.
~SAS Safe House~
“Let me stop you right there. Sherlock.” John closed his eyes and took a moment before focusing on his target. “Do you know how fragile he is? Your brother. Do you know that the petulant child act is more a bid for love then it is for attention? That his harsh brilliant deductions are a shield against a world that doesn’t understand him?” John briefly rested his index finger on his lips. “More importantly do you know that if you hurt him ever again weather it be inadvertently or voluntary I will creep into your home under the cover of darkness into the warmth and security of your bedroom and I will kill you.” A small fatal smile turned up the corner of John’s mouth. “Now I know you’re thinking this would be counterproductive because Sherlock would hate me for killing his brother. And you’d be right. Probably. That’s why he’ll never know. My four horsemen and I are expertly skilled in the clandestine arts.”
“You’re fuckin wicked.” John huffed and grabbed his own balls. “On the bed.” It was an order. “Face down.” Sherlock felt the thrill of surrender.
“No it isn’t.” Mercy was conciliatory.
It has been too long since we've seen our boys. When last we where with them John had just declared a holiday for his team and his love and a tall dark stranger was looming in waiting.
When they finally departed the shower, they were as clean as they’d ever been, hungry and still unable to stop touching each other. So they opted for robes in place of clothes and dinner by the fire. Dinner turned into dessert many times over. By the time the small hours of the morning creeped in and their bodies were no longer capable of more, they lay naked in the moon light on rumpled sheets talking softly, touching softly, kissing softly. Sherlock lay on his stomach resting his head on folded arms. John rested on his side head propped up in his hand. He ran his left hand over Sherlock’s shoulder blades down each vertebra of his spine and over the soft rise of Sherlock’s bottom. John found different paths to the same destination over and over. Sherlock content to be stroked like the kitten he was. A cool breeze made goose flesh rise on perfect skin and Sherlock shivered, John laughed.
