"It was his idea," Charlie said pointing at Castiel.  "I would have done it earlier if I'd known about it."
Dean was gone and he had ended their marriage.  Their relationship with a lie.  He had never lied to Dean before.  But he did four days ago.  Four days ago he had told Dean the mother of all lies.
The next few hours were as Dean had predicted.  The sky was clear and the sun shone merrily down on the pair.  They followed the road until it curved westward and into a forest.  Dean didn’t think it was the same one he had come through to get to the kingdom.  The trees were further spaced apart and more light filtered down through the leaves.
“Um…..Jack?”  Sam asked.  “I think you’re right about your aunt looking cold.  How about we go pick out another blanket for her?”
The road stretched downward into a valley and led right to the high walls that surrounded the town.  At the centre of the town was a castle with several high towers.  Dean thought it looked like it had been lifted right off a tapestry.  The fields next to the walls had been cleared and set up for the tourney itself.  From the top of the hill he couldn’t make out a lot of details, but could see the flattened field that would be used for jousting and another area that looked like it had been prepared for the archery contest.  Tents of all kinds had sprung up around the various event locations to form a sort of temporary town.  Several tents looked like they would house the vendors that would sell food and drink.  Some of the other tents would probably operate as inns for the various travellers.  He hoped one of them was cheap enough for his purse.
The knight followed his arm and saw the hound.  It was a young animal in that gangly in-between stage between puppyhood and adulthood.  Its fur was a light brown
“You’re telling me that Cas has gone back to relive all of existence to spend ten more years with my brother?”
Castiel’s parents had kept separate studies.  Father’s had always appeared like a traditional wizard’s study.  Lots of books, loads of loose papers and an eclectic collection of odds and ends.  Nothing looked organized.  The main feature in mother’s study was a loom.  She wove most of her magic and the loom was crafted to her exact specifications.  She had built most of it herself.  She was seated at her loom producing a huge tapestry at a dizzying speed.
The Queen took it from its spot and held it up.  The fading evening light glinted off the metal knight.  She slowly turned it over in her hand and stared at it for a long time.
There were plenty of birds around though, and they seemed to love Cas.  Every time he turned to look at him there was a bird on his shoulder or flying near by.  Not that he looked all that often, he didn’t want to appear creepy.  He thought he was being subtle with his glances though, the wizard never seemed to notice them at least.  Dean had to admit, at least to himself, that he liked the faraway look on Cas’ face whenever he was chatting with the birds.  He had the same look when they stopped for a quick meal and a grumpy badger had wandered by.  It made him look at peace.  Most of the time Dean noticed that Cas almost always looked distracted, like he was worrying about something.  He wasn’t forthcoming with his concerns, so Dean didn’t push.
“Gilda insists that her injuries are her own fault, and they are really.  But you still stabbed her my little knight and that cannot be left unpunished.  I would be the laughing stock of the Court if I let such things slide.  No, that won’t do at all.”
“Is that all?  I’m not big on formalities, but here goes.”  The man flourished his cape.  “I hereby charge you with the task of rescuing the Princess Charlene who has been captured by a dragon most foul.”  He looked Dean over.  “Will that work?”
Becoming a grand wizard was a blow that he wasn’t even sure how to deal with.  Lucifer had told him that he was free to choose his own path.  But if he was free to make that choice than why did Lucifer make the one he did?  Why would anyone willingly spend time with demons?  He had spent years assuming that Michael and Raphael had been forced into their current situations.  That Lucifer had fallen into demonology and necromancy.  It was a hard to wrap his head around the idea that they had decided to follow their paths willingly.  Perhaps they were influenced, but ultimately they had made that choice.  Part of him wanted to believe that he was free to be whatever he wanted, but a nagging voice kept telling him that this power would rule the rest of his life.
Naomi Novak was an imposing woman.  She wasn’t particularly tall and her voice wasn’t particularly loud, but she demanded attention when she entered a room.  Just by being there.  She radiated power and confidence.  Like most wizards she carried her staff with her, though in recent years it was used more as a walking aid than as symbol of her power.  There wasn’t a soul alive who was dumb enough to tell her that though.
They camped in a small cave, barely a break in the rock face.  It was large enough to fit both of them and the horses, but it was a very tight fit.  It made for a terrible campsite.  He slept poorly and even Cas was ready to leave at first light.
The chapel was small and would have only fit a dozen people if they were not picky about being crammed up against one another.  The monk that attended the chapel had performed the rites and then left him to his meditations.  The night had been uneventful, but Dean felt calm in the morning and confident he could face whatever lay ahead.  The monk returned just before dawn and provided him with some bread and cheese to break his fast.  He sat on the chapel steps and watched the sun begin to peak over the horizon.
Cas had just rubbed Dean’s uninjured shoulder while Rowena lectured him.  After she stomped out he stayed with Dean for a little while longer.  He didn’t bring up Dean’s naked trip to the floor or the wrestling to get him back into bed.
“Yes she is.  Give her back or I’ll go get the sheriff,” the man threatened.  “I’ll bring the whole town if I need to and burn this place to the ground.”
“Yeah.  It was a bit of an ego boost for him to take you on as a student.  Meant you had some real musical talent.”  Greg laughed.  “He laughed in my face when I asked if he could teach me how to play the guitar.  Brought it up for years afterward.  I think he thought it was the funniest thing I’d ever said.”
The morning light illuminated the inside of the tent.  There were several large tables set up for the patrons and two women seemed to be running the establishment.  They brought food and drink from a back area of the tent.  There were not many patrons and the women did not seem to be overly rushed in their duties.  Three old men were talking loudly off to one side about the dragon attack and how it signaled the end of days.  There was some ‘in my day’ sprinkled in.  The only other patron was a man drinking alone.
“Baby isn’t going to be traded for anything,” Dean said firmly.  Castiel was impressed with how calm he kept his voice.
“I’ll be fine,” the man said.  “Just gotta get home.”  He whimpered again as the plane gained more speed.  Castiel was positive he heard the armrest creak under the strain of being squeezed.
It wasn’t a lie, exactly.  He did find the woman’s hair intriguing.  But he wasn’t watching her videos because of that.  After that he found out about ‘incognito mode’.  He was able to do more research without any fear of discovery or mockery.
Dean began saddling Cas’ horse while the wizard pulled himself out from under the blankets.  Grumbling darkly under his breath Cas stalked over to the saddle bag and pulled out the food bag to procure some apples and cheese for their morning meal.  Once the wizard was awake enough Dean helped him into the saddle and then mounted Baby.  Cas passed him an apple and some cheese.  Dean accepted without saying anything and the pair rode off into the morning light to whatever adventure awaited.
Later that evening Castiel was sitting outside.  The rain had stopped, but the scent of it remained in the garden.  It was peaceful.  Maybe he’d live in a place like this one day.  Maybe Dean would be with him.  That was a heady thought.
‘I do remember your brother,” Lady Gilda said.  “It is hard to forget a man who can talk to birds.  If you’ll excuse me I have to return to the castle.  The court only wished me to deliver the message.”  She turned and walked away rather abruptly.
Cas was bent over speaking softly to the fawn.  It seemed to enjoy the scratches and lifted its head happily into his hand.  It bounced away for a few steps and than came back for more scratches.  Cas seemed to be more than happy to provide them.
“Damn right I am,” Missouri said with pride.  “Better by far than most you’ll meet and I’m the best you’ll meet on this journey.  Actually, I’m the only one you’ll meet on this journey.”
Jack was screaming again.  He had barely slept all day.  And by late afternoon it was getting to everyone in the house.  As far as Castiel could tell he wasn’t teething at the moment.  He wasn’t sick. Just cranky.  Normally holding Jack would settle him down.  That hadn’t worked.  Neither had laying him down.  Or walking with him.  Or stories or singing.  Nothing was working.
“Your journey is going to slow down shortly, but also speed up.  You’ll want to keep your shield and sword at the ready.”
Robert Singer, or Bobby as Dean had known him his entire life, had demanded to know why he had defaced his father’s tomb.  Bobby had been a servant of the Winchesters for decades and often took a tone with the family the other servants felt was inappropriate.  He had raised Dean and Sam as well as any could have.
“And I want to prove I’m worthy of you Cas.”  Dean dropped to a knee in front of Cas and pulled the small wooden box from his pocket.  He cracked the lid and presented it toward Cas.  “Castiel, will you marry me?”
Castiel wasn’t sure how long he could keep the barrier up.  It had been a lot easier to keep the flames away because they didn’t have any real physical force.  Blocking the full force of an angry dragon’s blows was another matter entirely.  He could probably keep the dragon off of Dean for only one or two more attacks.  Fortunately, the knight had taken advantage of the reprieve and was almost back on his feet.
“An excellent point.  For years he has avoided this.  None of us really pushed him toward it once he made it clear he didn’t want it.  But now he’s taking all of those steps.  Casting all sorts of spells that he never had before.  Not because he didn’t have the ability, but he didn’t want to.  He pretended he couldn’t, but Castiel is a terrible liar.”
A moment after the man sat down the flight attendants went through the safety procedures and the plane began to taxi into position for take off.
“We had been out on a hunt.  One of those ‘day trip’ hunts that takes you six days to get there.  We beat the critters and were exhausted.  I was not looking forward to the drive home.  Dean looked even worse than I did.  I fully expected him to hand me the keys and start the lecture.  But he didn’t.  He gave the keys to Cas.  Didn’t say anything and crawled into the backseat.  He was asleep before the car even started.”
“Your father will kill me if I let you walk,” Dean said.  “No princess walks that far.  It just isn’t done.”
Deciding that he couldn’t stay there forever, Dean sat up and wrapped the blanket around himself.  Afterward he was happy he’d taken his time that morning.  If he had still been laying down, he wouldn’t have caught the movement.
Dean leaned heavily on Castiel as he walked the knight back to the horses.  Baby was alarmed, but reasonable and allowed him to get the knight into the saddle.  Castiel’s horse was in full panic and was refusing to let him climb into the saddle.  The horse was not listening to him and he was worried that it would break free and run off.
Castiel knew that Rowena was happy with Gilda’s health when she started making hints about them leaving.  The hints lasted for about an hour and than became more direct.  He talked it over with Dean and then they went to talk with the women.
Castiel was careful to close the door quietly as to not disturb Dean.  He didn’t think any amount of noise would wake the knight, but he didn’t want to risk it.  He carefully walked away from the door into the kitchen area of Rowena’s cottage.  A stew was simmering over the fire and it smelled fantastic.  The food bag Castiel and Dean had been eating out of did food well, but nothing warm.  He was looking forward to eating something hot.
“Perhaps it does,” the dwarf pressed.  “I would know who are the allies of a human who would attack helpless travellers.”
“It will pull you into the Wilds,” Gilda warned.  “I’ll be there waiting.  Either to catch Zachariah or protect you.  The Wilds are dangerous to humans.”
“I, ah, came by to see how you were feeling.  You looked awful yesterday.”  Castiel rubbed the back of his neck.  “Charlie told me where you live.”
“Zachariah is, or was, a prominent figure at Mother’s court.  He wields considerable magic, even after being banished.”  Gilda shrugged.  “I think he could fulfil whatever promises he made, but I’d be surprised if he did.  Zachariah doesn’t like humans.”
Rufus pulled up short near a rock formation Dean had always called The Hands when he was younger.  It had towered over him when he was a boy, still did, stretching nearly twenty feet above ground.  It vaguely looked like two giant hands pressed together, sort of like the earth was praying.  A large crack separated the two hands near the ground.  Over the centuries rain and the cold had stretched the crack into an opening.  Dean had discovered that the opening lead down to a small cave It was tall enough for a grown man to almost stand, as long as he hunched.  Dean remembered having all sorts of adventures inside while his father went hunting.  His father had insisted on checking it every spring before letting him play there to make sure no animal had decided to use it as a den.  It had always been empty.  It wasn’t empty now.
“Not sure if this will help or not,” Sam said.  He leaned over the matronly woman that had ‘led’ the attack.  He pulled something offer her body and tossed it to Dean.
Dean looked over the princess’ head at Cas.  The man was busy looking at Gilda and frowning.  He didn’t notice Dean watching him.  The wizard looked tired. Dean knew he had cast a lot of magic in that last half hour.  Far more than he normally did.  None of it seemed as draining as the ritual to free Benny’s soul, but it still had to take a toll on Cas.  Cas chewed on his lower lip for a moment.  It was adorable. He looked up and saw Dean staring at him.  He smiled.  The smile made Dean feel like everything was going to be okay.
The rain had dropped to a drizzle by they’d finished eating and stopped entirely by the time they left.  Rowena had provided them with two small vials that she claimed would speed recovery if drunk.  She also gave them the chess set that had helped Dean keep his sanity.  She claimed it had been collecting dust and at least with them it would get some use.  The witch bid them farewell and closed her door to the damp weather.
Dean looked so relieved that it made Castiel melt a little.  “I promise.  Now let’s get you back to your blankets.”
Castiel was shown to a lavish suite of rooms.  Far more room than he needed.  The bedroom alone was the size of Rowena’s entire cottage.  There was even a chamber to receive guests in.  He had no idea how many guests he would be entertaining while here, but he had more than enough space to do it with.
After a particularly long-winded begging session Castiel’s father had lost his temper.  “If she wanted you to know she would have told you herself.  Now stop asking.”
Another pair of knights, these ones in orange and blue took the field.  The crowd seemed engaged enough, but Castiel had lost interest.  Before the match was over Castiel stood and stretched his legs.
Dean had been mildly annoyed at the interruption to his pity party.  He wasn’t in the mood for conversation and he definitely wasn’t in the mood to be interrogated.  He didn’t want a confrontation either and was prepared to leave when the man questioned his knighthood.  Dean had worked hard to earn the title.  The training had been long and exhausting.  Many days ended with him barely able to crawl into his bed.  He was very proud of himself when he was finally raised to knighthood.  He remembered beaming at the bishop that had performed the ceremony.  The kindly old man had finished the rituals properly and as Dean turned to leave had hugged him.  The bishop told him to go out and make the world a better place.  And now this stranger was questioning that?
“Oh just sit down.”  She tucked the bag back onto her belt.  “No theatrics.  You’ll get some info, and some of it will be vague enough to make sure you do what you need to do.  Okay?”
“I don’t know what to say for this.  I want to take part.  To make this a great night.  But I don’t have my own story.  As long as I’ve been alive they’ve always been together.”
Lilith looked out at the field before her.  Tall grass extended as far as the eye could see.  The sounds of battle rang all around her.  She shuddered.  This was not how she wanted to spend her time, but her husband had insisted.  She looked around and saw the man digging through a sack.
“You’re right,” Princess Charlene said.  “I wonder what he’s doing up there again.  This is the third time, right?”
“Yeah, well you’ve been away from home long enough,” Dean said.  “Thought you might want to sleep in your own bed.  Besides, I owe you for throwing a rock at you.”
Both of them stared at him without saying anything before their eyes slowly took in the rest of the kitchen.  Sam seemed to recover faster than Dean.  While his brother was still staring wide eyed at the bit of egg yolk dripping from the lighting fixture Castiel hadn’t incorporated properly, Sam snatched up the recipe that Castiel had left on the table.  He stuffed it into his back pocket and continued to look around.
They thanked Chester for the conversation and promised him that they’d visit the restaurants he had recommended before they left town.
Now that he wasn’t focused on the spirit, Dean could hear that Cas hadn’t stopped chanting.  He wasn’t sure how long the spell would take to finish.  He wished he’d asked earlier.
Dean tossed down his pencil and shoved the notepad away from him.  He took a swig from his beer while he contemplated his work.  It wasn’t very good.  He’d tried to get his ideas down on the page, but it wasn’t working.  It was difficult for him to even form what the ideas were when they were in his head.  It was damn near impossible to get them to make sense with his poor drawing skills.  The nicest thing he could say about it was that the drawings sort of looked like rings.  If you squinted and were a bit drunk.
“I found the warmest one,” Jack said proudly.  He held up the blanket.  “It’s red like fire.  That makes it warm.”
Cassie had been a childhood nickname that Gabe had started.  All of his brothers had called him that when he was growing up.  Gabe was the only one who used it regularly.  Hearing it from Raphael made his stomach drop.
It had happened fast.  Dean was alive one moment and the next the demon had driven a knife into his neck.  There had been no slow-motion slumping to the ground.  Just the dull thud of Dean’s body sliding to the earth.  Sam remembered a great many details in that moment.
Pie making was more complex than he had anticipated.  He had started by doing some online research.  This had resulted in Dean mocking Sam for watching Martha Stewart videos.  Sam had denied it and eventually their eyes turned to Castiel.
Gabe sighed dramatically.  “I know.  Not all of us can be fun to be around.  You could chase that green tunic over there.  He might be fun.”
“Ah, straight to business.  That’s the problem with you boys.  No foreplay.  No romance.”  The King of Hell sighed.  “I’m here to collect on a debt.  You asked me to provide you with the blood of the hydra to complete that little ritual of yours.  I upheld my end of the bargain.  I’m here to see that you uphold yours.”
The waitress chose that moment to come over.  “Shoo, Jimmy.  Leave that man alone.  He isn’t an alien or whatever’s bothering you this week.  Go sit down.  Your brother will be off work soon.”  She pointed to a booth near the back of the restaurant.  “I’ll bring you some pie and coffee.  Just behave yourself.”
“I don’t know.”  Castiel turned away and walked to one of the women.  She told him about the food that was available.  It was a simple meat and vegetable stew, but it was warm and that was something he would miss while on the road.  The enchanted sack his mother gave him would conjure fresh food, but none of it was warm.  The woman also confirmed there was some tarts that would probably deal with Gabe’s sweet tooth.
“Except that he wanted to.  Not every gift has to have a special occasion around it.  Sometime you just give someone you care about a gift.  No strings attached.”
“Don’t go far sir knight,” the queen said.  She smiled.  Dean did not like the smile.  “We must discuss how you mutilated my daughter.”
“I’m good enough to know who your brother is and why you won’t say his name anymore,” she said with an edge to her voice.  “But that’s the past and that’s easy to know.  Just listen to a story or read a book.”  She placed a small bag on the table.  “The future?  Knowing that takes real skill.”
The conversation with Lucifer had given Dean enough to mull over that he didn’t engage in much conversation as the pair finished placing the rune stones.  The veiled threat about what would happen if he hurt Cas hung at the back of his mind.  He didn’t want to put too much thought into what a wizard who could summon demons and command the dead would do to him if he hurt his brother.  Dean shrugged that off, he didn’t want to hurt Cas.  He’d sooner cut off his own arm.  The fact that Lucifer might do that for him if the situation arose didn’t matter to him.  If he hurt Cas, the least he deserved was to have a limb removed.  It was a good thing that he didn’t intend to hurt Cas.  He liked his arms attached like they were.
Gilda hung her head.  “I made a mistake.  I forgot that I wouldn’t have the magic to return to this form in the mountains.  Some humans can use magic through native talent, but most who can use it do so through special rituals.  They have a pool of magic within them that they use for the spells.  Fairies aren’t like that.  Fairies are magic.  We’re connected to the forest and draw on its magic.  When I flew into the mountains I was so far away I was cut off.  I was trapped and there wasn’t anything I could do.”  She grabbed Charlie’s hand tightly.  “I couldn’t stop myself.  I tried, but it was so hard to think straight.  I just couldn’t stop myself.”
His decision meant that he had to ask Cas to not only pull his sword out of the manticore, but sheathe it for him as well.  Cas had picked up some of the larger pieces of armour that the manticore had torn off and tossed them into his saddlebag.  They would need a damn good blacksmith to put it back together.  If it was even possible.  Dean had his doubts.  His shield was useless, mangled almost beyond recognition.  The wizard hadn’t even asked if Dean wanted it and just stepped over it.  Missouri had been right about his shield though.  If he hadn’t been wearing it he would never have survived the initial attack, let alone lived lone enough to kill the manticore.
“The villager was quite sure that there was a werewolf here,” Dean said.  “It might be dangerous for you to stay.”
Week after week Castiel returned to the class.  The rest of the people who came walked away with recipes for cookies, breads, brownies and cakes.  He walked away with pastries that were gradually becoming edible and less weapons of murder.  He was pleased with his progress.  He was learning to make a gift and he was making a friend.  The teacher, Castiel learned her name was Janice, never bothered them.  She left them alone and would only occasionally wander of to see what they were doing.  Janice quickly learned to be wary of anything that came from his table.  She would always try if Helen asked though and would provide feed back.  If he was being honest, Castiel preferred it when Helen explained things.  Janice seemed like a good teacher, but he liked Helen.
There was here, but he couldn’t tell where it came from.  It provided a dim glow to the water, almost like sunlight filtering down to the bottom of a deep lake.  It was the same in every direction he looked.  Enough to see by, but not enough to discern direction.  He would get lost almost immediately when he started to explore.  Being lost was better than doing nothing though.
“As he bled out he grabbed my arm and said ‘Promise me you’ll be happy.  It’s all I’ve ever wanted for you.’  I told him that I was happy, that I was so proud of him.”  The other Dean was crying.  “Little sasquatch shook his head and said ‘No Dean, you’re not.  Go find him and tell him.  Be happy.’”
The sun was warm on his face as Dean rode out of the forest.  The advice the woodcutter and his wife gave him had proven helpful in getting him and Baby through safely.  One of his tutors had always insisted that advice obtained during a quest must be followed to the letter.  While Dean didn’t think going to a tourney was a quest, especially since he’d given it to himself, not following a humble woodcutter’s advice while traveling through a forest was a good way to end up enchanted.  Or at least lost.  There were rules to these sorts of things and it was usually best to follow them.
Once the armour and the tattered remains of Dean’s tunic Castiel could see how bad things were.  The shoulder looked like the worst injury.  It had been gnawed down and he could see bone.  The flesh around the bite was starting to blacken and tendrils of black were fanning out around the wound.  An oddly sweet smell drifted off the wound.  It reminded him of apples.  There were dozens of claw marks across Dean’s chest, arms and legs.  His left arm had also been bitten several times.  Castiel noted the same blackening effect around each of the bites and the smell of apples.  Dean looked glassy with fever and was mumbling quietly.
“Don’t know,” Castiel said.  “A rabbit ran by and that was more exciting than talking to spiders and we had to chase the rabbit for a bit.”
The rock formation began to rapidly unfold itself and turned toward Dean.  A huge arm came down to the ground and pushed a rocky body up into a standing position.  When fully upright it looked like a large stone statue.  It towered several feet over Dean and stared at him with dull stony eyes.  Despite appearing to be made of stone the rock man’s beard and long hair shifted as it stood up.  Dean swore he could heard stone grating against stone as the hair moved.
He lost track of time as he talked with Cas.  Or talked at him.  Whatever stray thought popped into his head he said aloud.  Nothing serious, he kept away from that.  And he never begged Cas to come back, just let him know he was there and wasn’t going anywhere.
He wasn’t sure how to approach this.  How did he apologize for wounding his brother so deeply?  He had kept Jack’s entire existence from his brother.  It seemed that his other brothers, and even his mother, had kept the secret.  Likely because he would have reacted badly if Lucifer had found out anything about his life.  If asked, Castiel would have said that he had moved on.  He loved his brother, but didn’t know how to act around him.  After the confession in the dining room he realized that he hadn’t moved on at all.
In the evening they began discussing what direction to go and how far they needed to travel.  Rowena took a rolled up map from a chest in her study.  She set the roll down on one end of the table and gave it a little push.  The map unrolled itself and stretched across the table.  The map kept unrolling, stretching well past the length of a blanket.  The table had fit the three of them comfortably that morning, but should not have accommodated the size of this map.  But the table kept expanding.  When the map had finished unraveling completely the table could have easily sat twelve people.  An expanding table like that alone was impressive.  But what pushed it into amazing territory was that the table didn’t seem to take up any more room. The cottage didn’t get any bigger and everything was still the same distance away from the table, but now the table was four times as big.  He could not decide if the table was grew itself or the map made it grow.
craftsmanship.  He’d never met anyone who could make a blade like this.  The symbols running down the centre of the blade suggested that magic was involved.
“The Fields of the Damned?”  Lucifer sounded surprised.  “You can’t be serious Castiel.  There are tens of thousands of souls on that field.  It would take a cabal of necromancers years to accomplish that.”
Instead of checking the leather though he watched Dean.  The knight hadn’t noticed he was awake yet.  His head was bent over his task and Castiel couldn’t see his eyes, but could see the frown of concentration.  The occasional soft curse could be heard as Dean struggled to adjust the straps.
Dean’s days were taken up with trying to run the estate with Bobby’s guidance.  He would ride out during the day and return in the evening after dealing with whatever problems that needed his attention.  He was always apologetic about having to leave for most of the day, but Castiel assured him it was fine.  There was a lot to do and he understood.  Dean still seemed guilty about it.
Lilith’s army didn’t slam into the bogarts.  It relentlessly pushed into them.  Every army that Dean had ever been a part of would jog or gallop the last few yards to the enemy.  It was a way to overcome any last minute fear.  It was a very human way to deal with the fear of death.
“I occasionally have buyers for my dogs from there,” Garth said. “I sometimes send the dogs along the river to buyers as well.”
“Well, Benny.”  Dean brushed the dirt off the breast plate and held it up in the morning light.  “You had pretty good taste brother.”
The man with the crossbow stepped away as his companions pulled the barge onto the bank.  He pointed the crossbow at Castiel.  “Step off and get on your knees,” he ordered.
“And do you take into account at all the danger to yourselves?  To me?”  Rowena raged.  “Did you think even for a moment about what will happen when her family shows up?  ON MY DOORSTEP?  No, of course you didn’t.  You just waltzed in here and bring a disaster into my home.  MY HOME!  How dare you?”
“Faeries have a different way of viewing time than humans do,” Gilda explained.  “Most of us can adjust, but mother has a harder time than most.  She remembers the future and forgets when she is sometimes.”
Raphael had taught many apprentices and they were almost as sought out as he was.  He taught them everything he could about the healing arts.  Few of his students had magical talent, but those that did were given lessons on how to meld medicine with magic.
A cloud of smoke obscured the area of the castle wall where the gate had been.  There was a groaning sound, loud even from where they were standing, and part of the wall collapsed.
“We’re here son,” Dean said calmly.  Castiel could hear the anger in his voice too.  He glanced at his husband who was staring at one of the other people in the room.  Castiel noticed the three guards, but ignored them in favour of the man Dean was looking at.
A set of double doors opened into a sitting room that led into a hallway.  They almost literally ran into a pompous looking man that Castiel had never seen before.  He might be one of Charlie or Gilda’s courtiers, he was too well dressed to be one of the servants.
“Wait,” Jack said.  He walked over to the soldiers he was playing with and picked up his knight.  “I’m sorry.  You should take this.”  He set the knight down and stepped away.
Charlie and Sam all but dragged him from the hospital to a diner across the street.  They fed him real food and then let him run back across the street.
The sky abruptly darkened.  Black clouds rolled across the sky.  There was a clap of thunder and a bolt of lightening snaked down to strike the ground near the orchard.  The lightening flung dirt and other debris into the air.  When it cleared he could see a tall man striding away from the trees.  His cloak flared around him and for a moment Dean thought he had wings.  In his right hand he carried a huge spear.  The tip was glowing a brilliant blue.  The man pointed the spear as he walked.
“I can almost hear my love calling for me.”  The spirit looked toward the spot where he had died.  “I can feel my bones there.  Take up my armour Sir Winchester.  Take it to replace your own.  The smith said it would keep any blade from my skin, and I guess she was right.  Didn’t do anything against a club to the head though.”
“And I am not accustom to having my home’s defences breached by those that I’ve helped.”  She looked at Dean and Cas when she said that.
A red headed woman in a very dirty dress was standing near the doorway that Cas had been throwing fruit from.  She looked dirty and tired, but also very determined.
“Of course.  It’s after visiting hours, but I’ll have security show you up as soon as you get here.”
Once Dean motioned that it was safe, Charlie and Gilda led the horses through and Castiel came behind them.  He finished the spell and allowed the gate to swirl closed.  He had been focused on the spell, so he hadn’t noticed the smell right away.  There was a faint charred smell in the air.  Looking around he saw where it came from.
Dean would likely be asleep for the next few hours anyway and Rowena had all but tossed him out of the house.  He glanced up at the sky and counted the hours until sunset.  There should be enough time for him to get there and back.
It had been nearly two full days since anything interesting happened.  The closes thing to excitement yesterday was finding a road sign that pointed south and read ‘Brightwood Abbey’ in fading script.  It was nice to have more confirmation of Garth’s story, but Castiel had hoped for a little more….well…anything.
Dean stepped outside.  The man had almost reached the main house.  He was dressed in armour that didn’t seem to be weighing him down at all.  As he approached closer Dean could see the family resemblance.  No question, this was Cas’ brother Michael.  And he didn’t look happy, but he didn’t look angry either.  He had the blank face of a soldier.  This probably wasn’t going to go well.
Dean just stared at him wide eyed.  “You think?”  He stood up and helped Castiel to his feet.  “Maybe let me open the doors for a bit.”
“Well, faeries are involved somehow,” Castiel told her.  They laid out the story as they knew it to Charlie and Gilda.
Dean tried to ignore the flinty tone to Cas’ voice.  “Did you want to play a game of chess before we go to bed?”
Not the injury.  Cassie getting knocked out of his saddle by a branch was kind of funny.  The fact that his brother had been making a snarky comment to him before getting hit by the branch was funny.  Cassie falling out of the saddle and breaking his leg had been less funny.  Cassie hollering at Dean to put him down pushed things back into the funny category again.  Especially since his brother in-law was ignoring any cries of outrage and insisted on carrying his husband back up the lane to the manor.
“Be careful,” the man snapped as she began to remove his armour.  “That is expensive.   And watch my arm.  It’s injured and needs attention.”
“You hooked up with Anna at the party this weekend and you didn’t tell me?”  He fake pouted.  “Thought we were buddies man.  Can’t keep secrets like this.”
Dean felt a brief rush of air before he slammed into the wall hard enough to make his teeth rattle.  The world momentarily doubled.  He saw two Lukes dart across the room.  By the time they’d reached the drawers they’d merged into one.  Luke fished around in the drawer for a second and pulled out a huge syringe.  He turned to Cas and counted his fingers down the angel’s chest before plunging the needle in.  Dean tried to lunge off the wall but couldn’t move.
The purse was surprisingly light.  Whatever was inside wasn’t gold.  He opened it and poured out a handful of dried leaves and small sticks.
“I think he likes everyone,” Cas said while wiping his face down.  “I doubt he would make a good guard animal.”
It's been fun writing this, but I think this is my favourite chapter so far.  I hope you guys are enjoying it.
Three days later the dwarf finished the ring.  It was a match in every way for the one Castiel already wore.
They found a rocky outcropping not long afterwards.  It provided enough cover to keep them both and the horses out of the rain.  They had just settled themselves down when it began to rain in earnest.  Castiel liked the rain, but even he wouldn’t have sat out in the garden for this.
He gave quiet instructions to his apprentices.  They scurried around him to fulfill his requests.  An elixir to cleanse the wound was provided.  And than another to encourage bone growth.  A needle and thread were presented to stitch the wound shut.  Raphael waited.  It would take some time for the wound to stop bleeding enough to safely close.
Dean’s concern made Cas feel warm and even more safe than he had before.  “I’m tired, but I think I’m fine otherwise.”
“If you haven’t learned to be observant after three hundred years you have no business living that long.”  Rowena gestured and a glass of wine floated across the empty space to her hand.  “And I have learned a thing or two my dears.
“Did you ever stop to ask what other people wanted? What they needed?” The other Dean asked.  “Or were you always too busy deciding what they needed and sacrificing yourself to do it?”
Jack smiled and snuggled back down between his sleeping fathers.  He felt sleep crawling up again.  He was home.
“Another touchy subject I see,” the man said.  “But if you’re really a knight, why are you still here?”
“Carrying a shield isn’t that big of a deal for me,” Dean raised his left arm to show the heavy leather stretched over a wooden frame.  He’d also donned his armour after they left Missouri’s wagon.
Castiel rolled over and pushed himself up to his knees.  He needed to explain that the kiss he’d shared with Dean had been to share the spell.  That it hadn’t been a real kiss.  Not that he didn’t want to share a real kiss with the knight, but just that in this instance, it had been more practical.
Every day since they had started this quest, Dean woke first.  He had always been an early riser and growing up was often halfway through his morning meal before any of his family left their beds.  This morning he decided to enjoy the predawn light while still bundled under his blanket.  As he snuggled down to enjoy a few more minutes of the warmth he remembered he was still naked under his blanket and that it wasn’t his blanket.
Another scream caused him to look to his left while he ran.  Another woman, this one in a blue gown, was running toward the princess as well.  He couldn’t make out much of what she was saying, but it was very unladylike.
“The queen and I need to discuss the details,” the king said.  “Charlene, please show our guests to their quarters.” The king stood and looked over at Gabriel.  “I would speak with you after this is done wizard.  I have a few questions.”
Lucifer smiled sadly.  “Of course.  Thank you for this brother.  Even if it never happens again.  Thank you.”
“That was awesome,” Dean said.  He’d never touched a baby deer before.  He’d been hunting and taken down a stag, but this was very different.  Better.
“Get some horses,” Rufus said.  “I know the direction he’s gone.  Might even know where he’s going.”
It may have been an hour or two or even three when he noticed the change.  Cas’ breathing went from smooth to ragged.  He started making strangled wheezing sounds.
True to her word, Charlie had insisted on leading a horse the moment they were out of sight of the village.  She hadn’t cared who rode the horse, as long as she wasn’t.  They’d argued about it for a bit while all three of them walked along.  Dean ended up riding and he wasn’t sure how that happened.  He couldn’t remember the logic Charlie had used, but it seemed perfectly reasonable for him to be on a horse carrying pie.
Dean growled and pulled his sword.  He leveled it at the man’s throat.  “We’ll ask again.  Where is Gilda?  She is one of the ladies of the house.”
The dragon began to shrink in on itself.  The wings collapsed to its side and merged with the flesh there.  It stood up on its back legs and started to collapse over onto its side.  As it fell it shrunk faster.  The tail disappeared entirely.  There was a blur of colour; green and blue.  It made focusing difficult.
“I was thinking to save it for dinner,” Dean admitted.  “I’m usually hungrier then and we could make a soup or something.”
“I don’t know,” Dean said.  His anger had been replaced by pity.  “We are trying to set you to rest.”
Dean turned to ask Cas his opinion.  The wizard was looking out toward the open part of the plateau.  The sky darkened briefly as a huge shape flew overhead.  A moment later he heard the distinctive roar of a dragon.
Lilith smiled.  “Thank you, Jack.”  She pulled off her current blanket and took the blanket from Jack.  She wrapped it around her shoulders.  “I feel warmer already.”
“Let’s get started shall we?”  She picked up a needle and selected a bottle.  “Where are the Winchesters?  They buggered off while we tied you down.”
Cas made a sharp gesture and ten-foot tall statutes began lumbering out of the portal.  Dean felt a little uncomfortable around them.  He had vague memories of making a fool of himself, though he couldn’t remember all the details.
Dean didn’t need to look for a landmark.  He knew exactly where they were and how many shortcuts he could pull between here and the bunker.  “About an hour.  Maybe less if that one sideroad isn’t flooded again.”
Dean decided that he didn’t want her to elaborate and asked Cas instead.  The wizard agreed, but said that it had been years since he’d played.  Which was about the same time since Dean himself had played.  They turned out to be pretty evenly matched.   he games made the evenings pass faster.  Dean was able to stay awake later than he had been before.  His body wasn’t shutting him down as quickly as it had been a few days before.  The games also provided an easy path for conversation.  They chatted about various topics ranging from growing up, to books they’d read to family.  After a few evenings of this Dean noticed that Cas would skirt around two topics; his father and his brother.  He was curious.  He didn't want to push but his curiosity was growing.
“You’ll need to provide your own flames for the candles,” Lucifer said.  “But otherwise I’ve brought everything you’ll need.”
“Looks like.  I’ll see you on the other side,” Dean kissed him and got onto the stretcher.  Castiel was confident his husband had deliberately flashed him while doing so.
Charlie shook her head.  “Getting off topic.  The point is, that porn is the reason I knew.  Dean didn’t need porn.  He’d found something better.”
Raphael had left him alone after checking his dressings.  Dean had just lain still as he was poked and prodded.  Past experiences had taught him that he shouldn’t struggle against the ministrations of his brother in-law.  It wouldn’t matter if he did.  Raphael would get his way and Dean just would have been achy at the end.  Also, he was too tired to do anything.
“Now I report back to mother.”  Michael bowed his head at them.  “You might want to take some time to rest before she arrives.  She likes her tea warm and with honey.”
The creature howled in pain and rage.  It stopped its attack on Dean, but kept the man pinned to the ground.  The creature’s gaze flicked over Castiel and it snarled.  Its tail rose and the end seemed to grow larger.
Dean grimaced.  The closest was the one he had been watching all night.  He couldn’t shake the image of the knight falling to his knees and collapsing dead on the ground.
The second year of marriage treated Dean just as well as the first.  He and Cas had settled into a comfortable routine.  His days were taken up with running the estate with Bobby.  His prosperity attracted some attention, not all of it welcome.  Occasionally he had to leave his husband and deal with banditry.  Cas wanted to come with him, but Dean wouldn’t allow it.  Knowing that Cas was waiting for him to come home kept Dean careful.  If he came home hurt Cas would worry and Dean never wanted Cas to be worried.
Castiel sighed.  “Jack, you can’t make others do what you want just because you want them to.  You have magic and that has to be used carefully.”
Dean didn’t like this.  It was dangerous, he knew it, but he couldn’t do it himself.  Someone had to deal with the focus and he and Cas would be busy.
Missouri had Dean select three stones and flip them over.  He didn’t recognize the symbols etched into the black stone.
“We all do embarrassing stuff from time to time,” Cas had said.  He reached the door and stopped before leaving.  “But you have nothing to worry about, you have a very nice butt.”
Dean pulled a chair over and sat down by Cas’ side.  He leaned on the bed and just watched his friend for a moment.  He tentatively reached out and grabbed Cas’ hand.
“You wouldn’t have to,” Lilith told him.  “He’d have done anything for you.”  She stared into the fire for a bit.  “Castiel, my husband would take whatever scraps of emotions you showed him.  I don’t want any reward for what I’ve done.  Like I said, I did it for Lucifer.  I wanted to keep my husband.  I wasn’t willing to sacrifice him to you.  Even if he would have willingly gone to the altar.”
Dean had wondered back into his study and collapsed into a chair.  He was reasonably confident that Michael wouldn’t be making another appearance so soon.  The dictionary he’d been reading was still on the table next to a half eaten apple.  He still wasn’t sure what the word Sam had used meant.  He also wasn’t in the mood to keep looking it up.
The pair exchanged pleasantries and completely ignored the rest of the room.  A few servants scurried in with a chair and set it up next to the throne.  When it was set up the king assisted her in sitting down.
“Probably best if he found you first,” Raphael said.  “I’d remove your lungs without letting you die.”
The dwarf didn’t correct Dean a second time.  “Look again and tell me what you think I have made it from.”
Dean followed the sounds of running water.  He could hear it just ahead of him and if he could get to it he could drink.  He was proud of himself.  If he drank this water he wouldn’t have to bother Cas.  He bet Cas would like that.  Maybe even enough to let him kiss him.  That would be nice.
Castiel laughed and held up his staff.  “Wizard.  Remember?  Distance doesn’t slow us down quite as much.”
She swung the rod she was carrying and struck the dragon firmly in the left arm.  It didn’t look like she’d hit with a lot of force, but the dragon recoiled and screamed.  It wasn’t the shrieking or roaring it had done before.  It was a higher pitch scream.  An almost human scream.  The dragon began to thrash again.  Dean was concerned for the woman’s safety, but Cas was there and pulling her away.  She struggled for a moment, but he managed to drag her back the doorway.
Rowena came in a few minutes later and shooed the three of them out of the room.  “She needs her rest.  I’ll let you know when she wakes up.”
The dragon was writhing around the plateau.  Dean had moved part way up the staircase he’d been standing next too.  He was safely out of the dragon’s way for the moment, but once it got itself under control again he’d be in trouble.
“Yeah, but I accepted.  I wonder if Rowena accepts quests in lieu of payment.  I don’t exactly have a lot of coin to give her.”
Jessica sipped her mint tea and enjoyed a moment to herself.  The morning sun was warm through the window and she was trying not to doze off.  Sitting by the window might have been a mistake.  She was tired.  She had been up late last night repairing Jack’s red tunic.  He had others he could have worn, but none were red.  He had been insistent, almost inconsolable at the thought of not being able to wear it the next day.  It took her an hour to find the right colour of thread, but she did it.  And was able to repair the large tear in the fabric.  Then she washed it and had hung it to dry before she retired herself.  In the morning Jack woke to find a clean tunic to wear.  He had been excited to put it on and she struggled to keep him still long enough to put it on.  He had rushed downstairs moments after being fully clothed.  Despite how tired she felt, Jessica had smiled at his antics.  It was refreshing to see someone so excited over something as simple as a red shirt.
“It’s a custom,” Lucifer said.  “Besides, I want to do this for you.  I know we are having the conversation because you agreed to it as payment.  But I wanted you to know that the gift, when it is finished, has no strings attached.  You won’t have to talk to me again if you don’t want to.”
They had made it halfway to the doors when the shadow returned.  This time it didn’t disappear overhead again.  Dean didn’t bother turning back to look.  He knew it was going to be a giant winged lizard and he wasn’t keen on watching it belch flames at them.
It had rained over night.  Dean had listened to it patter against the window in the early morning.  He was too excited about finally being able to continue his quest to sleep.  There was no point in checking his gear again, he’d already done that several times.  Everything was where it was suppose to be and all he had to do was wait until it got light enough to leave.  Or more correctly, late enough that he dare disturb Cas.
Dean helped Cas into his saddle.  Cas was a competent rider, but he had gotten into the habit of helping him mount and dismount when they were going riding together.  He didn’t need to, but he liked to.
The match continued for another ten minutes before Dean’s fatigue fully caught up with him.  He brought his shield up slightly too slow to deflect the blow entirely.  Instead the force of it rattled up his arm and he felt the limb go numb with shock.  The second blow clipped his helmet and he saw stars.  He staggered backward a step before slipping to the ground.
“We should camp here,” Dean said.  He recognized some of the landmarks and knew what lay ahead.  He didn’t want to go through the area at night.
“I’ll pay you back,” Dean promised.  He didn’t know how, but it felt wrong to have Cas pay for his own stupidity.
He slept poorly that night.  Partially because he kept seeing the nameless man’s death on repeat every time he closed his eyes, but mostly because of Dean.  Despite having turned in early the knight tossed and turned all night.  Castiel did manage to slip off to sleep for short periods, but every time he did he woke the sounds of Dean’s restlessness.
Dean turned and smiled at him.  “Not a knight in shining armour right now, but I’m happy to come to your rescue.”
The first few weeks of marriage were great.  He agreed to move into the Winchester home.  It made the most sense.  He didn’t want to move Dean into the Novak home and was happy when his mother seemed to think it was a done deal that he would go to live with Dean.  The manor was old, but had a comfortable feel to it.  Castiel had enjoyed his short stay there prior to their marriage and was looking forward to making it his home.  Their home.
Castiel moved it closer so Jack could reach the staff.  The afternoon light caught the green stone in the staff and it appeared to glow.  Jack’s eyes widened as he was bathed in green light.  He made a grunting demand and reached for the staff again.
Castiel didn’t say anything for a moment.  “I think I’ll go back to my ‘room’.”  He used finger quotes while describing the accommodations, which was basically a cornered off portion of a large tent.  “I think I’ll read for awhile.”
“What’s wrong with the one you and I picked out already?”  Donna asked.  “You liked it well enough in the store.”
He’d been driving for about five minutes when he found himself thinking about different metals for the ring.  The gold and silvers had been replaced by the burnished look of bronze.  He didn’t really care for the idea.  It was too muted in colour and he felt that bronze always looked like it needed to be cleaned.  Any ring he got was going to have to last a long time, so something that would tarnish like bronze wouldn’t work.
The dragon thrashed on the plateau bellowing in pain.  Its flailing crushed a boulder to gravel and sent a dust cloud into the air.  It wasn’t breathing gouts of flame, but small tongues of flame accompanied its screams.  Blood ran freely from its ruined eye.
“Yeah, well I still lost,” Dean said.  He wasn’t really upset, he hadn’t thought he would have won the melee contest.  He just didn’t really like to lose, but at least this man wasn’t gloating.
Castiel was pleased that Dean was recovering so quickly.  Raphael had not painted a bright picture for someone suffering from manticore venom.  It was almost always a death sentence and an unpleasant one at that.  Now that Dean had woken free of confusion, Raphael had assured him that it was only a matter of time before full recovery.  The venom was neutralized, but its effects would linger.  The knight would be weak, but if he followed medical orders he would be back on his feet shortly.  He didn’t mention it specifically, but Castiel thought that his brother was referring to Dean’s ill-fated attempt to walk.
A glint of light caught his eye.  The spoon was reflecting off the cup that still lay on the floor next to the pedestal.  He had completely forgotten about that.  He picked it up and examined it in the light.  It was a beautiful piece of work.  It was mostly clear, but had thin threads of blue running through the crystal.  It almost looked like he was holding solid water.  It was delicate, but very strong.  There was no sign of any damage from the fall it suffered when Castiel knocked it over.
The man stopped a few dozen feet away.  He stamped his spear into the ground.  The tip flared for a moment and arcs of lightning ran down it before leaping to the ground.  The air around Dean started to smell like it did after a thunderstorm.
A lone figure on horseback rode out of the fog.  Dean thought it was Lilith.  Her purple dress contrasted sharply with the grey behind her.  The figure threw its head back and let out a single note.  It was deep.  Deeper than any warhorn Dean had ever heard on the battlefield.  And it went on and on.  His bones felt like they were vibrating.
“I should have known.  No human could possibly have made a pie that bad.”  Helen’s soul laughed and pulled Castiel into her home.
The first thing Dean became aware of was the throbbing headache he had.  The second thing was how loud the man and woman were talking.  It was far too loud.  He cracked open his eyes and winced at the how bright the light was.  He closed his eyes and the talking seemed to get louder, though he couldn’t make out exactly what they were saying.  Neither voice sounded familiar.
Dean’s eyes widened and he glanced at Castiel.  Castiel bit his lip and tried not to laugh.  A moment later he got his first look at Bobby.  The man was older than Castiel expected, there were a great many lines along the man’s face.  His beard was more grey than brown.  Yet he moved with the determination of a much younger man.  Bobby’s eyes narrowed slightly when he saw Castiel.
“You cannot be so determined to throw your lives away,” the commander sputtered.  “There are only four of you.”
Cas was in the back of Rowena’s yard.  Almost into the forest.  Cas didn’t notice him approaching, so Dean got to see him petting a baby fawn.  The mother noticed Dean and froze, but didn’t bolt away.  He stopped walking toward them and took a step backward.  This seemed to reassure the deer and she relaxed a little, but didn’t stop checking on him every few seconds.
“I guess I should be happy that your brother chose to be nice to me than,” Dean said.  “I’d hate to think what he would have done if he had been careless.”
“You can continue to twist your small cloths or you could contact your family Cas.  Your mother or one of your brothers might know someone.  None of the women around here can do the job.”
The Queen of the fairies had been given quarters that were even more lavish than the ones Castiel had been given.  He wasn’t surprised at that, she was of higher rank than he was.  It was just surprising that the quarters existed at all.  More rooms, larger sitting areas and a balcony that overlooked the courtyard.  There were also a half dozen servants buzzing around.  Gilda sat off to one side.  The blonde fairy, Claire Castiel thought, was standing behind her.  The older fairy was near the queen.
Dean didn’t remember hitting anyone, but his hand did hurt.  He could have punched Luke.  He’d been pretty freaked out for a bit there.  Maybe Luke had been there and he just hadn’t noticed.  He shoved it all aside.  “I’m fine.”
Castiel opened a gate the next morning.  He had thought about it before offering to even cast the spell again.  He didn’t feel as conflicted about it as he thought he might be.  For most of his life he had avoided powerful magics because he didn’t want to be controlled by them, but he’d realized recently that he had been allowing the magic to do just that.  Fear of being a grand wizard had dominated his view of his life for so long.  If Lucifer was right, and he still felt odd about even thinking that, he needed to take control.  He was the one that directed that magic and he got to choose how, or if, he used it.
The other Dean shook his head.  “Dumbass.”  He pulled back Dean’s shirt sleeve to expose his arm and quickly made two deep slashes with the knife.
It wasn’t just Cas’ garden that flourished.  All of the fields did.  Dean wasn’t sure if it was actual magic, but the harvest was the biggest he’d seen in his entire life.  Even Bobby was impressed.  There were fables that linked the lord to the land.  A sickly lord would result in the land dying around him.  When the lord was returned to health the land would revive too.  Dean thought there might be something to those stories.
Castiel tried to keep chanting, but found himself tongue tied.  The words weren’t forming properly and the smoke around him was becoming suffocating.  His knees started to buckle.  Strong arms caught him.  He felt safe and let unconsciousness take him.
“My father was very sick.  Raphael did everything he could, but my father’s body was falling apart around him.  I loved my father dearly and it was torture to see him wasting like that.  While Raphael tried to holding him together I went looking for another solution.  I summoned every demon I could call up and demanded a cure for my father.  None had it.  So I bargained and pleaded and begged.  I bought the names of other demons and summoned them.  Still no cure.  In the end there wasn’t one to be found.  My father died.  I wasn’t there with him like I should have been.  My family has forgiven me for my absence, but Castiel never has.  In one fell swoop I lost both my father and brother.  It tried to help, but failed.”  He gestured out at the field.  “This can be my redemption.”
Once half the men were on the move Dean indicated that their small group could head down.  They moved faster than most of the men but not at the speed Castiel would have liked.  He’d have just galloped down the hill and been done with it, but he restrained himself.  If he got ahead of the troops he would be fighting by himself and he needed to save himself to get Jack.
“Actually, he might,” Castiel said.  “No one’s ever been able to do it, so he’d probably want that accomplishment.”
“We did this for weeks, Dean.  Weeks!  I can’t do it again.”  Sam raked his fingers through his hair.  “What’s wrong with the one you bought already?”
The dragon tilted its head to the side to try to puzzle out what was happening.  It smashed at the barrier again.  Castiel winced, he felt the spell slipping.  He tighten his grip on the staff and tried to reenforce the spell.  An instant later he began to berate himself.  He was a grand wizard now and he had tools he wasn’t using.  It took a slight change to the spell formed in his mind and he began channeling it through his staff.  The green stone flared briefly and he felt the strain of the spell lighten considerably.
He swam close enough to Cas so that the wizard could see him.  He gently caressed Cas’ face to make sure the wizard knew he was there and that he planned to come back.  At least that’s what he hoped it conveyed.  It was hard communicating underwater.
Dean knew the role this man expected him to take and kept his face neutral, not angry or interested, but almost bored.  “What is your trouble?”
A few moments later the knight’s armour and tunic lay next to the man on the cot.  Even to Dean could see that the man’s arm was broken.  Free of the armour the arm bent at an awkward angle.  The sister propped the limb gently with her fingers and elicited a hiss of pain from the man.
“Let’s start again and find out.  I used to make pies all the time.  I’m sure we can figure this out.”
It was a jarring transition to step from the cold and darkened woods into a room that was warm. It wasn’t brightly lit, but the warm glow of the many forges shed enough light that Dean could make out the details in the stonework of the floor and walls.  The room was huge with a high vaulted ceiling overhead.  Multiple forges were set against the walls and each seemed to have something either in progress or ready to start.  At least a dozen tables were scattered around the room.  Each was heaped with raw materials or partially assembled items.
“A few actually.  High blood pressure and cholesterol.  Some heart issues,” Greg stubbed his cigarette out and put it in a small can next to the steps.  “He didn’t really take his health all that serious.  He only went on his walks because they helped him think for his music.  The only time he went to see the doctor was when Barb made him.  Never took his medication though.  Hated pills.”
Dean heard the gentle flutter of wings and a rush of air.  Without turning around he knew that Cas had opened a portal to wherever he had been.  Those Elven ruins, though he didn’t know exactly where that was.
He ignored the creature for a moment, something Bobby would have had his head for.  There was a story where someone had won against a kelpie.  It wasn’t a story that Bobby had told him.  He’d heard it told over one of his father’s banquets.  A drunken man had recounted how a maiden had rescued her lover from a kelpie by tricking the creature into wearing a horse bridle.  Dean remembered how the man described the bridle burning the creature’s flesh.  He also remembered being rushed out of the room by his mother before the storyteller explained how the maiden claimed her reward from her lover.
Castiel heard the grating of stone against stone.  In the light of the spoon he could see one of the statues turn toward them and step of its base.  It was carved to look like an elven woman.  The grinding sound occurred again when it pulled a long blade free of a sheath carved into its side.  The statue advanced toward them in an unhurried by steady pace.
Rowena had refused to allow them into the sick room until late in the evening.  Gilda was still asleep, but all of her wounds had been cleansed and dressed.  Her left arm was completely swathed in bandages and a huge bandage covered her left eye.  She looked pretty bad and Dean felt some guilt about his part in her injuries.
Dean began his tale from his perspective.  Cas chimed in now and again to clarify points.  Both the king and the woman remained silent during his story.  Once he was done they turned to Charlie and Gilda and demanded their side of the story.  The whole process took over an hour.
Lucifer said nothing and watched the demons as they burned the wall.  It had been a calculated risk conjuring a Prince of Hell.  The number of demons needed would far exceed what he could control.  But he could control the Prince and have it do the work instead.  He frowned.  The wall was burning, but not fast enough.  The blackened area was actually shrinking.
With strength he didn’t feel, Castiel told Sam and Jess, Mary and John, and Charlie that he was going to stop treatment.  He explained to a stunned audience what the doctors had told him, he had declined to have the doctors or nurses come with him to explain things.  He wanted to keep this private.
Despite everything that was going on, Castiel loved that his husband still helped him get on a horse.  He was perfectly capable of doing it himself, but it was a small act that he loved about Dean.  He allowed himself to enjoy it for a moment.  Gabriel and Sam were already on their horses by the time Dean finished helping Castiel.
The weeds would tightening whenever he struggled, but would slacken when he ceased.  He wasn’t going to be able to force himself free, he needed a knife.  A knife he didn’t have.  He ran though a mental inventory of what he had on his person when he was yanked off his horse.  Not a lot, most of his possessions were in the bag on his horse  The small book in his pocket was not only useless right now, it was probably ruined too.  There was an apple he’d saved from Rowena’s tree to give his horse later on.  And some burnt candle ends that he had saved for some reason.  Nothing that would free him.
Castiel was still tired the next morning.  He was struggling to get through packing up his blankets.  Dean noticed and came over.
“He lives not far from here.”  Castiel climbed back up on his horse.  “I think.  His sense of distance is a little hard to understand.  I think he lives around the bend there.”
“Then you may take your dying fairy elsewhere.  I’ll deal with the Court when they show up on my doorstep.  And I will be forth coming when explaining what happened here.  They’ll find you wee girl.  And they will not be nice.”
Billie leaned back and sipped on her drink for a moment.  “If I were to take you to my office right now you would find a cursed object.  You’d probably see it as an hourglass or some other time keeping device.  My predecessor found it.  Or possibly his predecessor.  It’s been there for as long as I can remember.  I never knew what it did until I became Death.”
The interior was dimly lit by the afternoon light streaming from behind them.  It cast shadows around the cabin.  Broken furniture was scattered around the room.  In one corner was a pile that looked like it was made of several bodies.  He could see some of the injuries and didn’t want to think about how these people had just been discarded.
“Oh Dean.  You’re over thinking this.  He’s going to love it because you gave it to him. That’ll make it special.”
“Temper, temper dear knight.”  Dean felt Lucifer was laughing at him.  “I can come, but it would take over a month to get there.  And you are on a quest.  I don’t think you can spare the time.  And the spell isn’t dangerous, just taxing.  The instructions are clear.  The worst thing that will happen is the spirit isn’t freed and my brother will need to take a nap.”
Some foes deserved honour, Zachariah didn’t.  He lunged out with his sword hoping to end this quickly.
It went back and forth for a few minutes before Charlene slammed her hands down.  “Just split the stupid thing.”
“Can you climb down?”  Castiel asked.  It would be easier if he didn’t need to go get a ladder.  It would be a pain to lug it back from the truck.
“Healing, dearie.  It takes time.  You’re on the mend, but you’re not going to be up and dancing today.”
The building was beautiful in the evening light, but it had no roof.  It wouldn’t provide any shelter if it rained.  Castiel wasn’t a healer, but he knew that Dean wouldn’t tolerate getting wet. The other buildings nearby were all the same.  Crumbling walls and long rotten doors.
“Dean.” Castiel put his hand on the man’s shoulder.  “Let me.”  He rode forward so Garth could see him more clearly.  “Did you see a young man come this way about a week ago and a young woman a few days ago?”
“No cost he wasn’t willing to pay,” Lucifer said.  “Besides, it worked.  The soul of your friend was laid to rest.”
“What?!”  Cas looked around frantically.  “Why are we standing here.  We should be looking for him.”
Just seeing his brother brought back memories he thought he had forgotten.  And the emotions that came with them.  He felt the resentment about how his brother had been too busy consorting with demons to come home to be with their father as he died.  The fear, though that had mellowed some to be more concern, over the creatures that could be summoned.  Demons of all types were dangerous and difficult to control.  There were a lot of good memories too and those caught him by surprise.  He remembered being at the market with his family.  He had gotten separated from them and found himself on the wrong end of a gang of older boys.  They had chased him into an alley and knocked him down.  They were in the process of beating him when Lucifer was there.  His brother had yanked the boys off him and tossed them aside.  The boys had tried to fight back, but were knocked about for their troubles.  He quickly had sent the whole gang wailing from the alley.  Castiel remembered how Lucifer hadn’t used any magic, though he could have dispatched the gang faster that way.  Their parents had forbidden magical displays in the market place.  Lucifer had been an awesome force that day.
“Maybe, but they’re too caught up in their own things to worry about the living,” Rowena said.  “I’ve crossed the field a few times when I had to.  It’s unpleasant, but not really dangerous.  Frightening though.  Most the stories about the place are ghost stories that the ignorant made up to scare each other.”
After that Dean tucked into the spread with a bit more vigor and there was very little left.  Castiel made a point of finishing the strip of meat that Dean had given him.
Naomi calmly poured another cup of tea.  “Sit down Castiel.  I wish to find out if you are being stupid or deliberately obtuse.”
“I can lie all I want,” Castiel said.  “But I don’t make promises lightly.  I have to follow through with them or bad things happen.”
“I’m fine,” Dean tried to reassure him.  It made no difference.  Within short order Dean was wrapped in a blanket and stripped down to his small cloth.  Cas stared at him for a long moment.  The wizard wrapped him in the blanket and then turned away.  Dean was sure the other man was blushing.  He knew he was.
He sheathed his sword briefly and strapped the shield on.  The shield was very light, he could barely feel it on his arm.  He hoped it would hold up to an attack.  No chance to test it.  He noticed the animal motif along its face.  It reminded him of Cas’ staff.  Dean wondered where the wizard found it.
Donna and Sam were already here with several of Donna’s apprentices.  They were unloading barrels from a nearby cart.  Sam stayed off to one side, but Donna was hovering around her apprentices to make sure things were being done properly.
“Dean?” Cas asked.  “Is everything alright.  You seem distracted.  You haven’t touched much of your food.”
“Portal him then,” Raphael said shortly.  “Bring him directly here.  Don’t let Mother or Jack see him.”
The woman sighed in annoyance.  “Castiel is fine, he’s in the yard.  Talking to bees I think.  You should be more worried about yourself.  Manticore venom is almost always fatal.  You are now among the precious few that have lived to tell the tale of being bitten by such a creature.  The fifth one to survive to the best of my knowledge.  Most people simply succumb to the venom and die.  Or are eaten.  It’s hard to tell what happened first when all you have is a mangled corpse.”
“It’s all part of the story, isn’t it?”  Cas asked.  “A knight gets sent out on a quest and all sorts of adventures happen to him.  A lot of stuff slows him down from getting to where he wants to go, but in the end he gets there.  It’d be a pretty boring story if the knight immediately accomplished his goal.”
When he turned back to tell Gabe this he noticed his brother had gone over to the man drinking alone.  Both men were standing and they were exchanging some heated words.  Gabe made sharp gesture and the knight abruptly stopped talking and blanched.  Castiel sighed and walked over.  He didn’t know what the spell Gabe had cast was showing the knight, but it wasn’t pleasant.  He loved his brother, but sometimes he could be a bit of a jerk.
“Rocks do not have emotions Dean.”  Cas told him seriously.  “Even if you glue those googly eyes on.”
The two women took up position on either side of the door and held a bow in front of them.  Neither nocked an arrow, but Dean didn’t doubt they could draw one almost instantly.  The other guard looked at them and stepped aside to let the blonde woman take his place.
“I think I already got this speech from Lucifer,” Dean told them.  “He threatened to remove my arms.”
Rowena glanced over the unconscious fairy in Dean’s arms.  She flicked her eyes back to Princess Charlene.  “From her? An absolute royal pardon for all of my ‘crimes’, both past and future ones.”
Rowena’s door had Castiel’s respect.  He would planned to take apart the family library to see how it was done.  The piece of magic that drew his awe was the table.  Or the map.  Maybe both, he couldn’t separate out which one caused the effect.  And he didn’t have months to figure it out.
“That doesn’t change that I am responsible.”  She touched the bandages around her arm.  “This is my doing, not yours.”
The room erupted in laughter and Castiel laughed along, though it was clear he wasn’t entirely sure why it was funny.
“Lucifer’s called up powerful demons.  Such things make their presence known. The world doesn’t like it.”
“The wealthy rarely care for what the peasantry gets up to,” Rowena said.  “So long as we pay our taxes and don’t revolt we aren’t even worth notice.”
“Like hell he is.  He’s been screaming since dawn.  Hasn’t slept and is fussier than usual.  Something’s wrong.”
“I have no magical talent or training” Dean said.  “Wouldn’t it be better if Cas or your little blue thing did this?”
“Yeah, it looks amazing,” Dean said.  He pulled the breast plate from the bag and walked over to where Cas was sitting.  He sat down next to him and brushed some of the dirt off, making sure to avoid getting any on Cas.  “Whoever made this was a master and an artist.”
There were three people in Castiel’s life that would be up to such a crime.  Dean loved pies, and liked tarts quite a bit, but he was out settling a dispute and wouldn’t be back until the next day.  His brother Gabriel loved all things sweet, but Gabe wasn’t visiting.  That left one culprit; Jack.
Castiel felt himself blushing.  And shivered.  “We should probably build a fire and get dry.  I don’t want you catching cold so soon after being ill.”
It took a moment for him to realize that the heat felt different than he thought it should.  It was there and he could feel it, but the shield wasn’t big enough to block all of the fire.  He cautiously peeked over the shield and saw the familiar blue shimmer in the air.  Cas was lending a hand again.  He’d have to thank the wizard when he got a chance.  Soon he hoped.
It was dark in the livingroom when he woke.  Light from a streetlamp shone through the blinds, but only cast more shadows.  He had a vague headache as he heaved himself into a sitting position.  After a moment he got to his feet.  He paid no attention to the beer cans on the side table.
This one rambles a bit, but it does get there in the end.  The next chapter should be a bit more eventful.
Castiel didn’t respond and instead walked toward his husband.  He pulled him into a hug and kissed the back of his neck.
“Would probably wipe them out of existence if she could,” Gabe muttered.  “But maybe they have something here.”
They had the evenings together and Castiel had begun to cherish that time.  Sometimes they’d would walk around the house.  There were a few small gardens, all of them growing practical herbs.  There was an orchard nearby that they’d strolled few a few times.  Even the night they spent inside because it had been pouring rain was a pleasant one.  Dean got a good fire going.  He enchanted the flames so they showed the images as he told Dean and Sam some old folk tales.
Castiel was surprised at how little damage seemed to have been down to the tent town.  There were burn marks on a few, a couple had been outright destroyed but most of the tents were undamaged.  The stands around the melee field were mostly unsalvageable as anything other than firewood, which he found a little bit funny.  He decided not to share the humour with anyone after he saw some of the people milling about.  There was a level of anxiety that he could almost taste.  There was concern for the princess.  But the major concern was that the dragon might come back.  The majority of the knights having been rounded up and sent on quests to retrieve the princess by anyone with the slightest authority to do so did not help. Who would protect these people if the dragon came back?  The people didn’t know, and he didn’t have an answer for them.
Dean realized he was still holding onto Cas’ arms and let his own drop.  “Um, so is there anything you want to do while you pretend to be human?  Or should you keep resting?”
“No.  That’s not possible,” the spirit said.  “The fighting has barely begun.  The enemy is already breaking.  We will win this fight.  I will go home to my love.”
Castiel looked over to see a very tall boy caught in that awkward stage between being a child and being an adult running across the yard.
“You’ve shared, so I should too,” Castiel told him.  He set the blanket down on a flat rock and reached in and pulled out an apple that he passed to Dean.  He dipped in again and pulled out a chunk of cheese, half a loaf of bread, another apple, some  roasted chicken and finally a small wad of butter wrapped in waxed paper.
“Fine.” Sam raked his hands through his hair and swallowed half his beer.  “Cas loved Dean more than that.  Differently.”
Dean laughed.  “I can agree with that.  Please call me Dean.  Was there something I could help you with?”
By eight in the morning everyone was in the waiting room.  He brought them up to speed and answered what questions he could.  The doctor from the night before spoke with everyone as well.  Things were not good.
“No,” Castiel said.  “A different aunt.  You haven’t met her before.  She’s married to your uncle Lucifer.”
“Look, you can’t just go announcing that you’re going to meet the princess.  That’s how people get killed.  Or royals get killed.  And certainly how wizards end up at the end of ropes.”
“Yeah, but you were more invested than the rest of us.”  Gabe tilted his head.  “I wonder why he’s still here and not out there with the rest of the knights.”
He paused for a moment to let the crowd chuckle.  If one group could appreciate the oddity of his ‘normal’ it was these people.
Raphael cut the contact on his end.  Castiel blinked in the darkness.  The sun had fully set and the hall they had set up camp in was totally dark.  It shouldn’t be dark.
Dean couldn’t help himself and laughed at that.  Cas joined him and the two were shortly breathless.
Lucifer nodded.  “It’ll take about an hour for me to get everything together and send it off.  Stay at your campsite and I’ll send it there.”
“Are you going to threaten him if he doesn’t?” Castiel asked.  He did his best to make it sound like a joke.
Castiel hadn’t known Dean long, about two months now.  Less if you counted the time Dean had been delirious or unconscious.  He felt like he knew the man well though and liked what he had found so far.  He was worried about the future.  It was custom for the rescuing knight to marry the lady he rescued.  He’d already pointed this out to Dean and the knight had sort of shrugged it off. He hoped Dean shrugged it off because he cared for Castiel the way the wizard cared for him.  They’d have to talk about that at some point.  Probably better to do it after the princess was rescued.  It shouldn’t be much longer.  He could see the mountains in the distance.  Another few days would put them at the base and they would find the dragon somewhere along its ridges.
“The boy’s right,” Gabriel said.  “Time to raid the kitchen.”  He swapped another empty glass with the one Sam was holding and pointed toward the far end of the
Dean barely noticed anything about the forest around him as they travelled.  Part of him was screaming that this was a bad idea.  They had just been attacked and vigilance was called for.  He pushed that voice aside.  His shoulder hurt.  Actually, his whole body hurt, like he’d been rolled down a hill in a barrel.  But it was his shoulder that hurt the worst.  It throbbed as he rode along, but felt like it was on fire if he tried to move the shoulder at all.  He quickly decided that he wasn’t going to do that.
“Your friend isn’t the only one who is going to die today.”  The young man smirked and pulled a knife from his belt.  “Your horses should fetch a nice price.”
“I saw one as a child,” Cas said.  “It was a huge, almost as big as a horse.  Black as night and red hot eyes.  It sort of absorbed the light from around it so it appeared even darker.  It’s howl freezes your soul and you can’t even move.  My nurse passed out after hearing it.”
The dwarf snorted.  “For this I will not charge you.  Your man gave me my home back and I made him a ring to give to you.  Your man saved my life and I will make you a ring to give to him.  My debt will be paid.  Moreover, I can create perfection.  No craftsman would ever turn down that opportunity."
A commotion near the bar caught Sam’s attention.  The bartender was missing and the waiter that had served them their drinks was yelling for someone to call an ambulance.
The same sister that had attended Dean walked over to the man and glanced him up and down.  The man was obviously one of the knights from the tourney.  He wore a pale blue tunic over his armour, but his helmet was missing.  The sister led the man to a cot and sat him down.
“Don’t know.  Never did.  Wouldn’t come when I prayed.”  The other Dean sighed and plopped onto the bed.  “Never found a trace of him.”
“I hope so.  If he moves far enough away he might be safe.”  Castiel nudged his horse back to the road.
The conversation flowed easily for a bit.  Dean told Cas about the hunt, though he left the part about the ring out.  He wanted to save that for later.  He turned the conversation back to Cas and asked how his trip had been.
He poured himself two fingers and knocked it back.  He mused as the warmth spread across his chest that he’d never be able to explain that to Cas.  He loved Cas.  He’d never admit it because Cas could do better than him.  Deserved better than him.  If he could Dean would give Cas the world, but all he had to offer was himself.  And like everything else about Dean, that wasn’t good enough.
“About four hundred years or so back there was a battle there,” the witch said.  “Lots of people died.  None of them seemed to have figured that part out yet.  They keep re-enacting the same fight over and over again.  It’s horrible to listen to.”
Cas was still grumpy at being awake so early, but kept it to himself.  Dean let the wizard fully awaken on his own terms and enjoyed the morning instead.  The roads were wet, but not impassable.  Periodically they had to walk over a branch that had fallen down, otherwise it was just puddles.
“A long time ago maybe.  He thought I wasn’t good enough for his daughter.  Took him awhile to realize I agreed with him.  Took us both even longer to realize Barb didn’t care what either one of us thought on the matter.”
Dean stepped through first, just in case there was any danger waiting for them.  Castiel thought that anything that was dangerous would probably be taken aback by the sudden appearance of a hole in space.  He didn’t voice his opinion.  Dean looked very attractive when he was being protective.
While he waited, Raphael looked his brother over.  Castiel was sleeping peacefully.  The spell he’d laid on his brother was holding.  Castiel would not wake any time soon.  His breathing was steady and his newest apprentice assured him the pulse was steady.
Dean just grunted as he moved things around in the fridge.  He shoved a few beer bottles aside and his eyes lit up.  He reverently pulled the pan from the fridge and closed the door with his foot.  “Oh yeah, this is gonna be good.”
Raphael declared that Jack was a perfectly healthy boy.  Dean wasn’t sure when the healer had managed to take the baby, but felt a great deal of relief when he was allowed to hold him again.  Looking at the sleeping child he had trouble seeing this as a punishment.
“Oh Gilda,” the red head said.  She tossed the rod aside and sunk to her knees.  She pulled the woman’s head into her lap and brushed the hair from her eyes.  At some point during the transformation the woman had lost consciousness.
“The villager was right,” Castiel told him.  “Garth is a werewolf.”  He reached out quickly and grabbed Dean’s arm.  “He hasn’t killed anyone and he’s had years to do it.
He had learned to manage his own expectations, and almost everyone around him, but as he stared at the blood welling from his brother’s shoulder, he was unsure if he was up to the task of dealing with his nephews.  Jack did not believe that his uncle would be able to heal his father.  Jack knew Raphael was going to do it.
The sister sighed and began to set the arm.  The knight cried out and pulled his arm away.  She admonished him and tried again.  He swore and pulled away again.  In the end it took several of the other sisters to hold the man down long enough to set his arm and then wrap it.  He cursed and moaned the entire time.  When it was finally over the man collapsed backward on the cot and started snoring.
The distance crossed is what really boggled Dean’s mind.  He crossed over a week’s travel with a single step.  The sudden swap of wind for rain was odd, but the distance thing made his mind hurt.  He decided to deal with it later.  Or possibly never.
Castiel turned it down.  It wasn’t even a choice really.  Dean wasn’t a vain man, but he’d never forgive Castiel for letting them destroy his hair like that.  The man Castiel married wasn’t coming back.  Dean would never cook again or dance badly again or fix Baby while listening to music so loud the neighbours complained again.  Dean wasn’t coming back.
Sam smiled.  “I have just the one.  It begins not all that long ago, but before you came into our lives.  Your father had just ridden out of a forest so he could attend a tournament.”
“I think it’ll work for you, but I’m not sure,” Cas babbled nervously.  “I don’t know much about these things.”
Helen laughed the laugh he liked.  “I don’t doubt that at all.  I saw your first attempt.  But you did it.”  She leaned in and whispered.  “Now do you want a real secret to making a great pie?”
“I’m sorry for how I treated you last night,” Castiel started.  “I turn inward when I have a lot to think about.  I get short with people and sort of ignore everything around me.”  He sat down next to Dean with his knees touching the other man.  “It’s going to keep happening for a little while.  At least until I figure out what’s happened and how I feel about it.”
A bat swooped low over head in search of insect.  Castiel called out to it and asked if it knew of any healers.  It didn’t.  Nor did the owl he asked.  Or the skunk that had just woken up. Asking every creature he saw would take too long.
Sam stared down into his beer.  Dean had been dead for months now.  Deep down he had always known that hunters did not end well.  The only ones who came even close to happy endings were the ones that got out.  But some how he had convinced himself that he and Dean would be fine.  Always on top.
Dean watched him go with some amusement.  The wizard looked excited, but he couldn’t figure out why that would be the case.  He wondered what Cas had been up to.  Fortunately he didn’t have to wait long to find out.  About ten minutes later Cas came running back up the path carrying something wrapped in a blanket.  Dean recognized it as the blanket Cas used while on the road.
Dean didn’t want ribbons though.  Or even the prize money.  He held no delusions about his skills.  He was good, but not top prize good.  He was a solid jouster and quite handy with a sword, but that alone wouldn’t be enough to win.  And he didn’t really want to win.  It would be nice, but what he needed to do was be noticed.  He needed some lord or lady to notice him and decide that they wanted him to be their knight.  If he could secure that position than Sammy would be okay.
“I can’t do much from back here,” Gabriel said.  “Besides, I can’t let Cassie’s brother in-law go into the Faerie Wilds all by himself.  Dean over there would kill me.”
“Enough.  I don’t want to do this.”  The woman stalked toward the dragon.  In her right hand she carried a long rod of metal.  “This has to stop.”
They had their answer a few minutes later.  Same attack without any warning.  Same men charging.  Same arrow darkened sky.  It repeated three more times before they could ride out of the area.  Similar events occurred throughout the rest of the day.  Never any warning.  The worst were the ones where the repeating scenes went beyond the initial clash and the men started dying.  There was no way to block out the sights or sounds.  Castiel had no idea how Rowena managed to cross the fields multiple times.
“No really,” Dean sighed.  “But a lot of people buy into the whole ‘I’m a knight so I can do whatever I want because I’m better than you’ school of thought.  People sometimes run in case I’m in a bad mood an want to hurt someone because I can.”
“Take care of my baby.  Jack deserves the best and you had better provide it.  I’m sure the combined resources of a knight and wizard can raise him well.  I’ll be displeased if he isn’t the most darling boy when I come to visit.”
The village was made up of a single street with buildings lining the side.  The main occupation seemed to be fishing from the river or shipping along the river.  Not a port town exactly, more of a stop along the way.  A larger building seemed to be an inn of sorts and given the people milling around it, was likely the social hub of the area.
Dean sighed and laid down on the cot.  He knew he could fight the sister, but he’d lose.  He’d met people like her before and he was in her domain right now.
“I wish you could have met Cas.  I think you’d like him.”  Dean laughed to himself.  “Wouldn’t matter if you did though, I’d still have run off with him if you said no.”
It had been a long time since he had contacted family.  Gabe was the one he spoke with most and usually his brother was the one to reach out.  Of course, with Gabe it was often an invitation to get into trouble, even if it seemed perfectly innocent at first.  Raphael was a different matter, he was more serious.  Not as serious as Michael, who Castiel didn’t think had a relaxed bone in his entire body.  But he was just as driven as the eldest Novak child.  Raphael had excelled in the healing arts from a very young age and many healers had come to him to learn.  It was something his mother was extremely proud of.  Something she brought up a lot.
There was a very real chance that he would die violently.  It was an occupational hazard for knights.  Dragons, duels or warfare were common was for a knight to die.  Sometimes they died of old age, but it was just as likely he’d end up with an arrow in his throat.  He had made his peace with that.  He didn’t like it at all, but he had accepted the reality.  But this?  Being trapped like this to fight and die only to fight and die all over?  For eternity?  These men had been fighting for hundreds of years and there was no end in sight.  Death was suppose to be a release.  A rest.  This was anything but restful.  He focused on Lucifer to avoid thinking about the fighting unfolding yet again.
The witch wove her magic with the herbs she used to speed Dean’s recovery.  Everything was done at the instruction of Raphael, but he felt that she would have been able to do the bulk of the healing without outside instruction.  He found that both her mind and her sense of humour were sharp.  And he found himself being cut by both more than once.  She could be kind when it suited her, but Dean quickly found out that she controlled the honey pot.  Medicines could be sweetened at her discretion.
The bench shifted under him as Dean sat down.  He was clean again and there was the piny smell that Rowena added to her soap.  It was a good smell for him.  Another heady thought.
The article hadn’t sold Cladfield short.  It seemed like a genuinely nice place to live.  The town was pretty and well maintained.  It was old and there were clear signs of repair on many of the buildings, but it was very clean.  The people were friendly too.   An old man sitting on a park bench just people watching was more than pleased to give them directions around town.  Along with some advice about who around town served the best coffee, the best pie and the worst sandwiches.  He provided them with a short list of sites they really should see around town before they left.  And even gave the location of the best fishing hole in the county.  He used to fish there, but he didn’t go much any more because of his arthritis.
"No, they have their instructions.”  Cas hugged Dean.  “This is going to work.  We’re going to get him back.”
“Lucifer I love you, but so help me you tell him or I will.  I will not stand by and watch you destroy yourself over some delusional sense of guilt.”  She wheeled to face Castiel.  “If you do this he WILL know why.  TELL HIM.”
Castiel smiled.  “And I was right.  My life changed forever.  And despite being stabbed on our first meeting we’ve done fairly well for ourselves.”
Jack sniffled and wiped his nose on his sleeve.  He pulled away from his father and stepped toward the bird.  “I’m sorry I made you fly in the kitchen.”
Dean had found an elvish dictionary among Sam’s lesson supplies.  He had snuck off with it and had been searching through it.  He’d hoped to find the word that Cas had corrected Sam on.  His brother refused to tell him what it meant, but kept using it.  He even used the corrected pronunciation.  He was about halfway through the book and still hadn’t found it.  He might be wasting his time, but at least it was something to do until Cas came back.  He sighed and set the book down.  He carefully stretched his neck to work out the kink that had been forming there.
Lucifer had always been punctual to a fault.  Castiel was sure that it was exactly an hour since his brother had left that he reappeared in the campsite.  Or at least his projection did.  Accompanying him was a small blue creature.
Their first fight almost occurred within the first week.  Dean had cleared out a room on the first floor to be a study for him.  It was a nice enough room.  Big enough for whatever his needs were, but it was so far from Dean’s.  He politely turned it down and instead took over a small corner of Dean’s study.  At least to begin with.  He spread out a bit and Dean kept having to move Castiel’s books to get to his own.  They never spoke about it, but Castiel melted a little every time Dean didn’t say anything and just handed him a book or scroll or vaguely glowing leaf.
Dean wasn’t sure how to respond.  Charlie certainly wasn’t like any noble he’d ever met, but saying that out loud might not be the best idea.  Even if it was true.
Dean didn’t find that at all comforting and spent the rest of the day absent mindedly rubbing his shoulder.
The sky darkened again.  Dean took a step up to Sam and pulled his brother’s face into his chest while he pinches his own eyes shut.  He heard the crack of thunder and felt the heat of the lightening.  When he let Sam struggle out of his grasp he could smell the scorched dirt.
As he predicted, the dragon got to the princess first.  It scooped her up and flew back up into the sky.  It was well out of the range of a sword.  An archer might be able to hit the dragon, but would risk hitting the princess.
“I’ve been better,” Dean said.  “I have a headache and my stomach is threatening revolt, but my shoulder doesn’t hurt too much now that Rowena isn’t poking at it.”  He grabbed Cas’s hand, “I think I’m better now.”
“The only thing waiting for you back home is mother,” Gabe told him.  “And as much as I love her, she will pester you until you submit to whatever position she’s found for you.  Princess Charlene might be able to help you out.  Actually, you might be able to help each other out.”
“Is Jack still with him?”  Dean was worried, at least he thought he was.  He had no idea what he was feeling.  Worried didn’t seem strong enough for whatever this was.  Panic maybe?
Rowena came storming out of the cottage before they’d crossed the yard.  “You daft fools, what do you think you’re doing?”
“Where is he?”  Dean had stopped pacing around the room, but knew he would start again.  He needed a way to burn off the nervous energy.  Charlie’s new courtier had hidden himself away once he realized Dean and Cas really did know the Ladies of the house.
“If you want to cross to the other side I can get you there cheap,” he told them.  “But we’ll have to leave now.  I don’t travel the river after dark.  There are bandits about.”
“Shit.  I need to get the bronze tuning fork, but it’s going to make a lot of noise.”  He looked over at Barb who had followed him into the studio.  “The sound is dangerous.  You should go back into the house so you don’t hear it.”
“He moved with purpose,” the dwarf said.  “I did not see him clearly, but while I was gathering bark he snatched my key and ran away.  He taunted me by saying that I couldn’t hurt humanity with my ‘death ray’.  He said other things as he ran, but most of it made no sense.”
Dean’s eyes widened with each addition from the bag.  All the food could not have fit in the bag, the bread alone was bigger than the bag it came from.  His arms were growing quite full by the time Castiel stopped producing more food.
Castiel quickly laid out the events of the last few hours.  He kept a few details like Dean’s offer to kiss him and then the actual kiss on his hand to himself.  He figured that Raphael didn’t need to know those details.  He also didn’t’ disclose the way Dean kept making his insides flop.
Dean looked like he was about to argue when he noticed that Castiel was awake.  He turned to face him instead.
“Charlie?....oh princess Charlene.  Oh no.  Not her.  I have more than one child.”  She clapped her hands together.  “You will take my son Jack.  Not now.  At least not for awhile.”
Greg opened a side door into the garage and flicked the light on.  The inside of the garage had been converted into a roomy studio.  The far wall was covered in instruments of all kinds.  Some of them looked quite old, but all looked well cared for.  There were shelves filled with books and small gadgets.  A pile of metal rods lay the desk next to a violin.
“There are a few things you need to know right now,” Raphael had begun.  He spoke for a few moments.  Castiel had no idea what he was saying.  Raphael abruptly stopped talking and turned away.  His brother glanced at Dean and sighed in disgust.  He went over to Jessica and began talking to her.
“The honest answer is; I don’t know.  Cas seems to have put himself into a coma.  We just have to support him until he comes out of it.  We can support his body and help it heal.”
Dean tried to remember what had happened.  He remembered fighting the manticore and, with Cas’ help, managing to survive the attack.  Baby carried him to….somewhere and the rest was all hazy.  He knew that Cas came with him, but the only thing he remembered was that Cas had soft hands and he had no idea how he knew that.
The angel’s voice cut through Dean’s thoughts.  “I couldn’t hear anything inside, but something is rotting in there.  We may not have just werewolves to deal with.  There’s no warding on the cabin itself, but there is something warded inside.  I didn’t get close enough to see what it was in case I “tipped” them off.”
He ran a silver dagger across his forearm to draw a line of blood.  He quickly drew additional symbols onto a candle and lit it.  A foul smoke began to pour off the flame.  The words of the summoning spell hurt the ear, but Lucifer had long grown accustomed to the uncomfortable sound of the language used to call up demons.
The same was true of her left eye.  Whatever magic Rowena had used had done wonders.  The eye had been completely ruined by Dean’s sword.  Somehow the witch had regrown the eye.  The colour of her eye had faded to a pale brown, giving the whole eye a milky appearance.  There was the beginnings of a scar around the eye where the sword tip had struck.  Rowena insisted that she keep the eye covered for most of the day, and only removed the bandage after the sun had gone down.  Apparently the eye was sensitive to the light until it was fully healed.
They lapsed into silence, just watching the fire.  The nighttime forest began to wake up around them.  Dean kept hearing small rustles back among the trees and thought he saw the swooping of a bat overhead.  It was full dark by the time they broke the silence.
“Everyone into the main house,” Bobby said.  “I’ll take care of the horses.  Don’t track sh…mud everywhere.”
“Couldn’t let my wizard get mauled,” Dean said softly.  He patted the spot that Rowena had just vacated.
“Lucifer has missed Castiel for a long time.  They’re talking now, so that’s something.”  Michael shrugged.  “Maybe.  I hope so.”
Just a single voice.  It sounded like an owl.  But it was joined by another just like it and then another.  Soon a chorus of voices rang through the forest.  Not just the owls but other nighttime creatures had begun the call.
He moved a screaming Jack into one arm and called his staff to him with his other.  He held the staff up so Jack could see it and wondered what shape he should try first.  Jack stopped crying when he saw the staff.  He reached out to touch it.
He held up his hand to have Cas stop.  Water like this was usually fine, but it could make the road treacherous if a rider wasn’t careful.  Dean pushed Baby forward and made his way slowly across the few meters of shallow water.  The road was firm under Baby and when he was on the other side he turned back to signal Cas that he could cross.
Cas took a flask from the pile of items he’d brought over and poured some into a cup for Dean.  He held the cup for Dean so the knight wouldn’t have to use his shoulder.  It was thoughtful and Dean tried to tell him as much, but Cas just shushed him and told him to drink.  He took a few more sips before Cas took the cup away.  He whined a bit, but Cas didn’t notice.  Dean was about to ask for more when he remembered his promise to himself.  Cas had super wizard stuff to worry about.
The hours passed somehow and eventually the surgeon came out to talk with him.  The surgery had gone well and Dean had been moved to the ICU.  They would wake him in a few hours and Castiel would be able to see him once the staff had settled him.
“If I may,” the woman said.  She looked at Gilda.  “Clothe yourself properly daughter, you’re embarrassing yourself.”
There was a rush of air as Michael’s portal opened.  His brother stepped through carrying the limp form of his brother in-law.  Both were soaked in blood.  Raphael had little doubt that most of, if not all of it, was Dean’s.  Raphael’s senior apprentice directed Michael to lay Dean on the newly prepped table.
Dean was glad he was too tired to respond.  He hadn’t expected the male sounding voice to be attached to a woman.  The voice and face did not match up at all.
A moment later he heard the clicking of his mother’s staff and the lower murmur of conversation.  The conversation grew louder and Naomi entered the room.  She was accompanied by Lucifer and Lilith.
Dean growled again.  He grabbed the man by the front of his shirt and tossed him into a nearby room.  A brass candlestick holder kept the doors shut.  “I have no idea who he is, but we’re getting that man fired later.”
“I guess you would know,” Dean said.  He felt like he was trying to run on loose dirt and the ground kept shifting under him.
“Oh Cassie,” Gabe laughed.  “You have a husband that fought a dragon and a family of wizards on your side.  We’ll move the heavens and the earth to get my nephew back.”
“My. Horse.” The man repeated.  He pointed at Baby who was currently rolling around on the grass.  “She started acting weird and ran off.”
Dean didn’t have time to aim his gun before Cas was there again.  He was shoved aside and fell to the floor.  A flash of yellow light momentarily blinded him.  When his vision cleared he saw the woman hadn’t moved.  The stick and her hand were blackened.  He emptied the rest of the clip into her chest.
Castiel looked at his brother more closely and noticed that the man wasn’t casting a shadow in the morning light.  His brother wasn’t here, not physically.  He was looking at a projection.  His brother could be anywhere in the world, but he wasn’t here.  He sighed and felt a bit of the old resentment building up.
Castiel looked up and saw his very naked son crawling across the ceiling.  He blinked.  He blinked again.  And then he said the first thing that came to mind.
“It’s okay Cas,” Dean told his husband.  “I can take a little bit of pain for a hug.”   He meant it.  He really wanted to hold his boy.  Though he knew Raphael would lecture him about it later.  He didn’t care.
“Technically, just him,” Cas said.  “He was the one tasked with the quest of returning your daughter.”
“These men and women aren’t toys.”  Dean hissed as one of the knives slid along his side.  The blade was twisted in a way that it didn’t slice the flesh so much as it tore through it.  His shirt was immediately wet with blood.
“A lucky man,” Michael said.  “Or a special one.  Shall we find out which?  Do you accept my challenge?”
The look was quick, Castiel barely saw it.  The colour drained slightly from Lucifer’s face and his eyes widened.  It was gone almost immediately, but for that instant Castiel thought he couldn’t have looked more surprised if he had been slapped.
“It’s driving father’s advisors up the wall,” Charlie laughed.  “She keeps continuing conversations they haven’t had yet.  I think father finds the whole thing amusing.”
“We were.  I was,” Dean said.  “He was always on my ass to make sure I did my training.  Made sure I was able to qualify for knighthood.  It’s hereditary to an extent, but you still have to earn it.”
“I don’t,” Naomi said.  “But I think we can work something out.”  She plucked a few of the tall pieces of grass growing next to the river.  She murmured over the grass as she rolled them between her fingers.  She wove the ends together and created a length of twine for Jack to use.  When she finished she looped it through the stone and handed it back to Jack.
The water was colder than he had expected.  He had expected chilly, not near freezing.  Dean shrugged it off and hoped he would find Cas before his muscles began to cramp up.  He could barely see anything.  It wasn’t totally dark down here, but it was very dim.  And his vision was further reduced by floating bits of plants.  Dean kept swimming down.  He wasn’t sure where Cas would be, but this was as good a direction as any to start.  He wouldn’t have a lot of time, his air would run out soon and he would have to return to the surface.
The other Dean was quiet for a moment.  “Some addict was looking for cash in the motel room.  Sam woke up and got shot.  Guy took off.  By the time I got to him it was too late.”   He swallowed and looked down at his hands.  “He bled out.  Died in my arms.  Nothing I could do.”
Charlie was already in the room.  There wasn’t a chance for him to get an apology out.  Gilda immediately started talking when they came in.  She was quite animated given how injured she looked.
He also remembered the moment when he finally took the plunge and admitted his feelings.  A story he definitely wasn’t sharing with this crowd.
The fire was further away than he had anticipated and Dean’s teeth were chattering by the time he drew close to the ring of light.  He saw two horses and a lone figure huddled near the small fire.  He sighed in relief as he stepped into the light and made his way toward the heat.
“That was my brother, wasn’t it?” Castiel asked.  “He made an illusion of her so no one would suspect anything.”
“She drained herself getting to the mountains,” Rowena continued.  “She didn’t have enough power to change back.  You should have hidden away in a forest.  Then she could have drawn on the forest.”  The witch looked the three of them up and down.  “You’re filthy.  Bathe and than I’ll find something for you to eat.  I think I have an old dress you can wear Princess.”
Cas disappeared behind a gout of flame.  Dean could only hope that he’d managed to get inside the building and get that barrier spell up again.  If he hadn’t there wasn’t anything that Dean could do about it right now.
Two young ladies-in-waiting were with Charlie and Gilda.  Dean barely glanced at them before barking at them to leave.  The girls looked at Charlie with wide eyes.
“No mere animal,” the man assured him.  “This is an unnatural creature.”  He lowered his voice.  “A werewolf.”
The gates to the castle were wide open when they approached.  Charlie and Gilda were assisted down from the horses and the entire party was led through the halls to stand outside the throne room.  They were announced and ushered inside.
Dean didn’t bother to correct him.  He just washed his hands and followed Luke’s instructions.  Once again he was holding Cas while Luke poked at the angel’s side.  The witch explained to Dean that the tube he was holding was going to go into Cas’ chest and that it was a delicate procedure that wouldn’t be helped by the addition of punching.  Dean swallowed his discomfort and nodded.  He could do this for Cas.
Dean had been there for a few minutes before Cas noticed him.  His face lit up with a smile and he waved.  Cas turned to the deer and said something.  He turned back and motioned Dean over.
Castiel blinked at him.  “What ships?  It take weeks to get to the sea from here.  Why would anyone summon a storm to wreck a ship hundreds of miles away?”
Neither of them said anything.  Castiel thought it was best to let the queen do most of the talking.
“The only good thing that comes out of your future is that I manned up enough to actually admit it.  Out loud.”
He leaned back on his heels.  There was nothing he could do to fix this.  He didn’t even know where to begin.  But he did know someone who might be able to help.  His brother Raphael was a talented healer and Castiel had seen him work near miracles before.  If anyone was able to keep Dean alive it would be him.
If she noticed the cluttered nature of the room, Naomi didn’t say anything.  She settled into the chair that Dean provided for her and waited for him to sit down as well.
“Bet you make him proud.”  Cas grimaced as Dean slid his own rook across the board and picked off the queen.  “Is that why you came to the tourney?”  He moved a pawn unexpectedly.  Dean was thought it might be bait, but couldn’t see the trap yet.
Seeing the horses reminded Castiel about Dean’s armour and sword.  The armour had looked ruined to him, but maybe it was salvageable.  He wasn’t a blacksmith so maybe a professional could do something with it.  He was positive the sword was a lost cause though, he hadn’t even bothered to pick up the pieces when he retrieved Dean from the hall.  It hadn’t quite turned to dust when the statue hit it, but the pieces were small enough to almost count.
Bobby’s interjection is exactly what they needed to become rational again.  Castiel contacted his mother who told him that she knew of a young woman that would be perfect for the job of being a wet nurse for Jack.  She would likely be willing to be his nursemaid too.  Naomi promised to be there at dawn with the woman.
“It doesn’t matter what you think of yourself.  It’s what he thinks of you you dumbass.”  The other Dean stood and began pacing.  “He has chosen you.  Has always chosen you and you keep throwing him away.  HE CHOSE YOU!  Fuck, he chose me.  Every time he chose us.  Over everything else.  And I fucked it up.”
“Not as badly,” Lucifer said.  “But I wasn’t referring to the spell in this case.”  He pointed to Castiel’s side.
Dean sighed and walked back to his pack.  He stowed the set away.  He noticed a cloth wrapped item that he hadn’t thought about in the last few days.  He pulled it out and turned back to glance at Cas.  The wizard was still staring off into the darkening field.  He turned back to the bundle and unwrapped.  The spoon still glowed, but far duller than before.  It barely shed any light at all.  He ran his thumb along the side of the spoon.  He wasn’t sure why he’d kept it or why he hadn’t given it back to Cas.  He just wanted to hold onto it for some reason.  He sighed and rolled it back up before placing it next to the chess set.
They made their way along the lone street in the village and had just cleared the last building when they were spotted.  A man disengaged himself from the group and ran toward them.  He arrived puffing a few moments later.  Dean recognized him as the man they’d spoken with the first time they’d come through.  He was cleaner than last time.  He was also dressed in his finest clothing.  The fabric was still worn, but neater than what they’d seen him in last time.  The man appeared very happy.  And quite drunk.
Lucifer watched the small demons fly from Dagon and begin ripping into the bramble.  The breach that Asmodeus’ minions had begun grew, but the regenerative abilities of the bramble seemed to resist even the hellfire being used.
“You haven’t reinjured the shoulder with your bravado,” Raphael had said.  “You’ve been in a sick bed for almost two weeks.  You’re lucky you didn’t reopen anything.  I’ll speak with you this evening.  I’ll decided tomorrow if you can be trusted to sit up again.”
“I’ve told you everything I’m going to anyway.”  Missouri stood and started taking her chair inside the wagon.  Dean offered to help and she waved him off.  “You have an appointment to keep.  Have your shield ready.  Actually, just wear the thing, it’ll be easier that way.”
Dean looked over and saw Gabriel holding a drink and handing one to Sam.  Sammy was already holding one.  Gabriel grabbed another one and looked around the room.  He caught Michael’s wave and directed Sam over.
“I won’t rehash family history,” Lucifer said.  “Castiel has no doubt told you his version of events.  I see them differently.  As do others in our family, but that’s not worth going into right now.  Suffice it to say that whatever my brother needs I will do for him.”
reached over and took Dean’s original queen.  He moved it to capture his rook.  Coupled with the new queen there was nowhere for Cas’s king to move.
“If I could cast the spell I would,” Lucifer said.  “The spell isn’t dangerous, just takes a lot of power to fuel it.  Power that Castiel has.  Despite what my brother believes about himself, I have trust in his abilities.  In fact, I think he’s the only one in the family who doesn’t think he has the potential he does.”
“Dean, it’s 8am and you are starting your day with pie.”  Sam rolled his eyes and took a sip of his coffee.  He slid a fork across the table and turned back to his book.
“Burn the bramble weed to the ground,” Lucifer told Dagon.  “The two of you should have enough power.”
Dean had always loved nights like this.  There was no moon and the star shone brightly in the sky.  More than once he had pulled the Impala into a field and lay on the hood staring at the heavens.  Sometimes he shared a beer with his brother while doing this.  Sometimes Castiel.  More often than not it was his own time.  It was quiet, the world was at peace around him and, even though deep down he knew that terrible things were happening elsewhere, he could take a pause and enjoy the moment.  He got too few of those moments.
When they pulled apart Castiel realized where he knew the colour from.  The stone running alone his staff was the same colour as Dean’s eyes.
A man sat on a branch about 15 feet up a tree.  He was hugging the trunk of the tree and looked frightened.
Traveling in the rain had never been one of Dean’s favourite things, but he did always enjoy riding after it rained.  There was a cleanness to the world after it rained.  It was more pronounced in a forest.  He took it as a good sign for their journey.  It had been far to long since he’d been on the road and he probably would have considered a driving blizzard a good omen.
The statue righted itself and took a step toward Dean.  It turned to face the way they had come and held its blade at the ready.  The sound of grinding stone echoed through the room.  More of the statues left their bases and moved to stand near Dean.  Six statues now stood around the fallen knight guarding him.
He glanced out the window of the study into the field near the orchard.  He smiled when he thought of the walks he took with Cas through the trees.  Especially the ones where they could convince Sam to stay home.
Dean liked birds well enough, but had never really thought about their chirps and whistles before.  Now he was a little curious.  “What do they say?”
The demon raised its arms and pure darkness followed in their wake.  There was a screeching sound and mishappened creatures the size of large dogs began pouring out of the darkness.  They streamed away from Asmodeus and toward the bramble weed. Some of them took to the air.  They shrieked and hooted and hollered.  Once they reached the bramble weed the demons burst into flames.  The brambles immediately started to blacken and burn away.
“Didn’t intend to do that,” Castiel thought to himself.  But it would probably work.  He could deal with that later.  Right now he needed to find a healer.  At night.  In the middle of a forest.
“Brothers should look out for each other.”  Dean thought of Sam.  He hoped the kid was doing okay.  He had hoped to write a letter during the tourney to send home, but things happened.  Word of the dragon had probably spread and Sam might already know what had happened.  But that might make things worse, since he wouldn’t know where Dean was.  Dean would have to send a letter home as soon as he could to fix that.
“It’s tradition isn’t it?” Cas asked.  “The knight who rescues the damsel marries her.  It’s the way it works.”
Sam gave the expected response of bitch-face before turning back to the computer.  “It’s usually caused by a stroke or some other trauma to the brain.”  He typed for a few moments and pulled up another page.  “I looked up some of the musicians that were mentioned in the article and most of them are young.  They shouldn’t be having strokes.  And it’s weird that eight to ten people would all have a stroke at the same time.  And that the stroke would cause the exact same type of damage.”
The crowd seemed very interested in the match and Castiel found himself caught up in the excitement.  Only a few minutes in it looked like the red knight had won, but after a quick exchange the red knight saluted the green and they began to fight again.  More than once he found himself holding his breath as the two men hammered away at each other.  And a few times he thought that the green knight might actually win this.
He felt Cas move closer to him.  Dean pushed his shoulder into Cas’.  He liked the physical contact and hoped Cas did too.  Since the wizard didn’t pull away, Dean guessed he did.  A moment later he felt Cas’ hand rub up and down his back.  They stayed in the doorway and let Charlie have her time with Gilda.  Dean wondered if Cas had stayed by his side like this during the days he was unconscious.  He didn’t think he’d ever ask, but it made him feel safe to think the wizard had been there the whole time.
The wizard had started by just watching the fight.  After several resets he began walking in a large circle around the men.  Occasionally he’d stop and look at something.  Dean never had any idea what he was seeing and didn’t want to bother Cas with his questions.  He probably wouldn’t understand it anyway.  He decided on ‘Lucifer was seeing magic’ and left it at that.
The Men of Letters had kept their bunker well stocked.  When they’d first moved in Dean and Sam had to replace all the perishables, but most of the stuff was still very useable.  Sam had practically fainted over the library.  Hell, he still gushed over it.  Their library had books in it written in languages that Dean had never even heard of on topics that he had never even thought of.  Dean wasn’t a book man, but he could tell the Men of Letters had sunk a lot of time and money into those books.  He guessed that when the bunker was active that a lot of people had spent most of their time in the library.
Dean could have gone.  He was injured, but not enough to prevent him from being sent out.  But he couldn’t go because of the damned rules.  Every member of the royal family, every noble, every high-born lady, every priest had given a knight the quest to find the princess.  Even the retired bishop had been hauled before the court and bestowed his quest.  But when Dean had arrived he had been turned away.  Not because of his injury, but because of the stupid rule that each person could only give out one quest.  There was simply no one left to task him with finding the princess.
Dean offered a weak smile in return.  “He just gave up after that.  Didn’t raise me and Sam.  If it hadn’t been for Bobby I don’t know how we’d have survived.”
Rowena ignored the princess and continued.  "The burns will never heal.  Her eye is entirely a lost cause.  If we’re lucky I’ll be able to regrow it enough that she won’t be disfigured.  She’ll never see out of it again.”
The man remembered he was in the presence of his betters and bowed deeply, lost his balance slightly and tried again.  He was more successful the second time.  Dean wondered how much the man had drunk.
Sam met them at the hospital and the three men got Dean checked in.  Sam stepped out when Dean had to change.
“I will not support rules that are nonsense.”  He stormed toward the doors of the den.  The huge doors swung shut with a resounding bang.
"Dean Winchester,” Naomi snapped.  “Everyone at this table is here because we love Jack.  We all are going to help you rescue him.  I will not stand by and leave my grandson in danger because you are casting aside willing aid.  We are all helping, let us help.”
Castiel felt Dean’s lips even after the man had let his hand go.  It had been a nice gesture, but all it did was make him wonder what a real kiss would feel like.  And that was a distracting thought right now.  He needed to talk with Raphael.
Someone had brought him clean clothes while he had been bathing.  They were nicely tailored, and like the rooms, entirely too much.  The design and cut of the fabric was of the highest quality, but the tailor had gone above and used gems and gold to further decorate.  He was positive that he’d seen lockboxes with less gold in them.  Unfortunately, his normal clothing had been taken away, so he dressed in what was available.
“A lung re-inflating?” Luke asked.  “Yeah, it does.  I’m not sure how must he’s feeling right now though.  He might not even notice it.”
If it hadn’t been for his training and talent, Castiel would not have recognized the woman as the queen.  It was easy to forget that fairies changed their appearance like someone might change their shirt.  The queen was taller, over six feet and had changed her dress for one made of almost transparent fabric.  It didn’t reveal anything, but it didn’t really conceal anything either.  Her hair was now a light purple.  The smile was the same though.
A well used road was visible nearby and Baby quickly found the path that led down to it.  She had been in an irritable mood this morning and he let her pick the route.  Dean suspected she didn’t care for the slow pace they’d had to take the last few days.  She always preferred moving quickly and got snappish when she was forced to stay at a slow walk.  Baby loved running and Dean usually indulged her.  He had met few horses that could match her speed or her stamina.  She could run all day without tiring, even while carrying him in full armour.  His armour was tucked away right now and he wore a simple green tunic.
They sat in silence for a little bit.  It wasn’t uncomfortable.  It was like they were on the road again.  Castiel found himself missing that peace.  He almost brought up to Dean, but there was another knock at the door.  This one was firmer and more insistent.
Now that he had some distance, he could see the beast better.  It was big, almost the size of a horse and just ugly.  From a distance it might be mistaken for a large cat, but up close there was no mistaking it.  It was covered in red fur with leathery wings tucked along its back.  Castiel didn’t think the wings would allow it to fly, but maybe to glide.  A thin tail ended in nasty looking barbs, but the worse thing about the creature was its face.  Its face looked almost human, but twisted with bestial features.  There were far too many teeth in its jaws and it gave the creature a horrible grinning appearance.
He let the sounds of the garden lull him into a half doze while he waited for his brother to finish with Dean.
“How long have you known Castiel,” Billie asked.  She flagged down a waiter and asked for another drink for herself and one for Sam.
“Are they ghosts?  Or are the bodies still fighting?”  Castiel asked.  Ghosts were relatively harmless, if scary, but walking corpses were quite another thing.
Dean just nodded.  He didn’t know what to say.  Jack was missing and he didn’t even know where to start.
Lucifer looked almost entirely unchanged, perhaps a touch older.  It had been 8 years since he’d last seen his brother.  The last time was at his wedding.  Castiel didn’t know if Lilith used magic to maintain her appearance, but she looked exactly the same.
Dean had several tabs open on his computer.  All of them showed rings.  Gold rings.  Silver rings.  Platinum rings.  Plain bands.  Braided bands.  Some set with gemstones.  He’d even found some tungsten rings, though he wasn’t entirely sure what those would be like.
Their first major fight happened during their second year together.  The harvest had been unusually large the previous year.  Or so he had been told.  Dean seemed impressed by it.  Bobby seemed amazed by it.  Or at least he seemed to be, Castiel was still trying to figure out the man.  The larger harvest had attracted attention from neighbours and banditry had become a bit of a problem.  Which was a problem Dean was expected to deal with.  Castiel knew this, but didn’t want Dean to go.  Certainly not without Castiel at his side.  They’d fought a dragon, sort of, they could deal with bandits together. Dean had flatly refused to let him come.  They’d fought over it.  Loudly.  Castiel had lost.  He wasn’t sure how it happened, but it did.  It made perfect sense at the time and before he knew it he was watching Dean ride over the hill without him.  Then he fretted for the hours and then days that it took for his husband to return.  Dean always returned safe, but it Castiel could never rest until he was back home.
“You know our son is weird right?”  Castiel asked.  He and Dean had just climbed into bed for the night.
Castiel decided that he would make sure that Dean knew he wasn’t upset with him.  Right now Raphael was with him.  Recovery was advancing.  The dressings were no longer needed and Dean had been allowed solid food for a few days now.  He’d also graduated to walking around the main room of the cottage.  Rowena had prudently moved anything remotely breakable to her room.  Dean had stumbled a lot the first few times.  But now he could navigate the room almost entirely unaided.
“Well, I assume you would get to know him on the trip,” Gabe started. “Maybe more than just get to know him.”
The bramble weed wall was almost entirely gone and didn’t seem to be regenerating anymore.  He didn’t see any demons, but it looked like Lucifer had been successful.  He would have to thank his brother properly when they met up after this.  Castiel wasn’t positive it would be as natural as it should be, but he would do his best not to slip back into old habits.  He’d hurts his brother out of ignorance long enough.
Despite his concern, Castiel had to smile when Dean called out a greeting at the archway.  It was clear no one was here, but it would have been rude to enter unannounced.  The knight didn’t seem to like being rude.
Traveling through the Fields of Damned was an experience that Dean hoped he never had to do again.  The long dead spirits re-enacting their battle was draining on him.  There as almost no predicting when a battle would spring up and it took a moment to realize that it wasn’t physically happening anymore.
“Exactly,” Cas said.  “I’m not a knight, so I might be wrong about this, but shouldn’t this be a dark and foreboding thicket?  No sun, shadows everywhere, twisted brambles and mist that shouldn’t be possible floating outward along the path?”  The wizard gestured around.  “This is all so mundane.  If this is how werewolves live I will be sorely disappointed at the books I’ve read.”
“It’s good enough for me, but not for Cas.  He deserves something special.  Something unique.”  Dean sighed.
The manticore pulled back and watched Dean warily for a moment.  It lunged again, but dodged to the side at the last second.  It lashed its paw out and flung dirt toward the knight’s face.  Dean flinched backward in surprise.  The manticore knocked him to the ground and was on him before Castiel could even blink.  It bit down on Dean’s arm and tore the shield away.  Dean was blindly slashing with his sword, but couldn’t land a solid blow.
“The knight in green, the one you were pleading with the gods to let win yesterday.  Very disappointing when he lost.”
Dean didn’t even bother to hide his grin.  They had just watched that movie last week.  Luke just sort of gaped back.  After a moment he caught Dean’s eye.
He unwrapped the staff.  He ran his fingers along the bees along the top of the staff and than traced them down the green stone surrounding the animals.  A master craftsman couldn’t have made a better piece.  The animals looked real enough that he expected them to walk off the staff.  When he closed his eyes he could almost hear the buzzing of the bees.  He felt deeply connected to the staff.  He just wasn’t sure how to feel about its existence.
He wasn’t sure why, but Dean was surprised at the wizard’s concern.  Surprised and pleased.  “I fought them off,” he told the Cas.  “I didn’t want to wait around for them to come back so I swam over to this side.”
Gabriel smirked and downed one of the glasses he was holding.  He swapped the empty glass with one of the ones Sam was holding.  “I needed some help carrying everything.  Sam is being very helpful.  Such a good brother inlaw.  Or brother of my brother inlaw.  Anyway, he’s being helpful.”
It wasn’t a dignified way to be rescued, Castiel mused as he lay panting on the road.  But it was a rescue.  This was a situation where the results mattered more than anything else.  He was out of that watery realm and that’s what counted.  Dean lay panting next to him.
Dean had grown up in his father’s court.  He had learned who to approach first; his father.  Who to speak to second; his mother.  How to act; not at all like he wanted to.  None of that prepared him for this court.  Physically the hall was much bigger than what he had been used to, easily four times as big.  And it was full.  His father’s court had rarely had more than a few people in attendance.  There were at least a hundred people in the room with them right now.  It was unsettling.  He did his best to ignore them, he knew most of them wouldn’t be important.  The most important person was the man sitting on the throne at the far end of the hall.  Though, the two men standing behind the throne were also important.  Judging by the sword, one was an important member of the guard.  He recognized the other man as Gabriel.  Though the grand wizard was dressed more ornately than he had been the last time Dean had seen him.  The man on the throne was the king, and that meant he had to be Charlie’s father.  There wasn’t a lot of physical resemblance that Dean could see.  He was short with dark hair, which was rapidly receding.  His voice was gravely and held the same sarcastic tones that his daughter’s had.
Cas frowned slightly when Dean let go, but didn’t say anything about it.  “I can do whatever a healthy human can.  So I don’t need more rest right now.   I do have a question for you though.”
“Dean, I don’t want you to become me.  Fix your life so mine doesn’t happen.”  The other Dean stood and grabbed the knife off the desk.  He cut the ropes holding
“You’re safe, you’re not my type either,” Luke assured him.  “What I’m trying to say is that you deserve to be happy.  And maybe you could be the reason someone else is happy.”  He cocked his head to one side listening.  “Your not-boyfriend is coming so I’ll wrap this up.  Don’t fuck this up.  You deserve to be happy.  Now I’m going to liberate the beer from your fridge and process what the hell has happened to me the last little while”
Jack dove under the water a few more times and then made his way to the bank.  She wrapped him in a blanket as soon as he had both feet on dry ground.  She rubbed him briskly down and lead him over to the cloth she’d spread on the ground.  The food for their lunch was already sitting out.
“We have two choices,” Dean said.  “We can leave willingly soon.  Or we can all wake up on the road with our stuff dumped next to us.”
“I can’t hear you,” Dean said as he approached the dwarf.  He thought he was yelling again, but couldn’t stop himself.  He unwrapped the tuning fork from the jacket.  “Is this your key?”
Ogres he could have understood.  They had lived all over the hills.  He had read that, until a few years ago, a young knight could make a living clearing out the man-eating creatures.  The nobles had learned that it was best to deal with the creatures eating their farmers.  A happy, uneaten farmer was likely to produce more crops.  The ogre population had been thinned and there hadn’t been an attack in over a year.
Cas took a deep breath and forced himself to calm down.  “I don’t think they can.  Do you think we can move her?”
“She’s my grand-niece.  She’ll just be happy I’m talking to someone.  Now let’s start this over again.”
The sister that came over had the look of a woman who did not tolerate nonsense.  Within moments she had Dean out of his armour and tunic.  Dean had met squires that weren’t as efficient.  The sister ran fingers along his arms and ribs checking for injuries beneath the bruising.  She asked him several clipped questions while staring in his eyes and tapping the side of his head.
Turning back to the bank, Castiel saw there were four men pulling on the ropes.  He could see they all had weapons and one of them had a crossbow near his feet.  They did not look like the type of men to be happy by default, and he doubted that throwing their friend overboard would help their mood.  They weren’t shouting at him, but he wasn’t expecting a warm reception.
“A drop of your blood.  To be as special as you wish it to be, this ring must include something of yourself.”  The dwarf pulled a small stone vial from another of the pouches on his belt.  “I will craft you a ring that none has seen before.”
“Can we just post a surprise for him if he tries that?”  Sam asked.  “Someone at the point where whatever focus he is using is drawing from?”
His heart sank.  Laying next to Castiel was a long staff made of a reddish wood.  Carved all along its length were animals, birds and insects.  A ring of bees wrapped around the top end.  Inlaid into the wood along the carvings was a deep green stone.  The colour was familiar, though he couldn’t place where he knew it from.
Two quick slices free Baby of her reins.  He glanced over his shoulder.  The kelpie was watching him, but hadn’t moved. It was starting to get agitated.  The huge horse headed creature was pacing in place and snorting irritably.  He guessed it was waiting for him to get on his horse and leave.  Instead he walked back toward it with the reins hidden behind his back.
“Regardless,” she continued.  “Both of you will be here for at least a few more days.  Which brings me to our agreement.”  She turned and dried her hands on a towel.  “Have you contacted your family yet?”
Dean laughed and watched Cas crouch down by the firepit.  He whispered something into his clasped hands.  A moment later Cas opened his hands and breathed along the cupped palms.  Little motes of red light blew off and settled onto the wood.  Wherever they landed little tongues of flames shot up.  He moved a few steps around to the side and repeated the process.  In short order they had a warm fire crackling away.
Dean had been pleased when Cas had climbed into the car after they’d spoken with the sheriff and commented that the man had been an idiot.  If this wasn’t a creature attack it had all the signs of a serial killer.  When asked what creature he thought it was the angel had actually scoffed.  “Clearly it’s werewolves Dean.”
Helen politely spat the small taste of pie she’d taken into a napkin.  “You have a talent dear, we all do.  Yours may not be pie making.”
They camped next to the grassland beyond the farm fields that night.  He hoped the weather behaved itself the next few days because there was not real cover to be had for several days in the direction they would be heading.  Probably no resources for a fire either.  He thought about bringing up those concerns to Dean, but didn’t want to seem like he was trying to overrule him.  He wasn’t, and wouldn’t do that anyway, but he planned to grumble about it.  Just to himself though.  He could suck it up for a few days.  Especially if it helped Dean.  The knight was looking forward to having armour again, even if it was just a chain shirt.  He’d told Castiel that he felt naked without armour.  An image that Castiel was both pleased and flustered by.
When he turned back he saw Rowena leaning against the doorframe.  “That is exactly why I wanted your family’s protection,” she told him.  “He isn’t the first to come here demanding things and he wont the last.”
His thoughts drifted back to the conversation from the night before.  He wasn’t upset Dean had asked about his family and his brothers.  He thought about them all the time.  At the same time he didn’t like talking about Lucifer.  Didn’t like saying his name.  He did his best to pretend the man didn’t exist, but he couldn’t banish him from his thoughts entirely.
“Unfortunately, very little,” the doctor told him.  “Neurosurgery has already come and seen him.  The blockages are too small and too deep to remove.  There are clot busting medications for strokes, but he is too close to surgery.  He would bleed to death if we used them.  All we can do is wait.  As the swelling goes down we can see how bad the damage is.”
Dean grabbed his hand and pulled it to his lips.  He planted a small kiss there and slumped back.  The movement seemed to exhaust him.
Castiel had liked Donna from the moment he met her.  She was quick to laugh and easily drew others into her laughter.  It was almost impossible not to like her.  He had no idea how, or why, she accepted Michael.  She was a good match for his brother, she mellowed him.
“Look,” Dean told the man who had just tapped him on the shoulder.  “I don’t know you and I don’t owe you any explanation.  Leave me alone.”
He saw the large building from across the clearing and offered up a prayer to whatever spirits might be listening that it looked solid.  He could get Dean inside and set about trying to deal with whatever injuries he had.
The king clapped his hands.  “A chair for the queen.”  He nodded to the woman.  “I assume you wish to join me as our children recount their adventure.”  He held out his hand to the woman.
Luke smiled slightly.  “I get it Dean.  Sometimes being at their side is the only way a family can show they care.”  He pulled a stethoscope out of a drawer and popped the ear buds in.  Dean left before he could see any more of the poking and prodding.
“That makes sense, you must miss your brother.”  Castiel nodded his head toward the noise of the party.  “I could do with a bit longer of a break from mine I think.”
He hiked along the trails for about two hours before he considered calling it quits for the day.  He’d walked along most of the main trail as best he could tell.  It curved around on itself several times and if it weren’t for the various large rocks jutting out of the ground he’d have never realized he was doubling back on himself. Dean hadn’t actually expected to find anything in the woods.  Jimmy didn’t seem like the most reliable source, but he’d kind of hoped something would turn up to explain the death of Simon or whatever was happening to his students.
Mother had almost finished the tapestry by the time Gabe arrived.  His brother’s usual sarcasm was absent and Castiel was grateful for it.
“I’d like to think so,” Dean said and moved the pawn one square away from the far end of the board.  “He’s family.  I can’t turn my back on him.”
“That probably wouldn’t make for a very good story,” Castiel admitted.  “Maybe we should find somewhere to shelter until the rain passes.”
“Is that his name?  It hadn’t come up.  He was too busy shaking a sword at me that he could barely hold on to.  Smart kid, but half my men would have cut him down for that stunt.”
Dean wheeled on the angel.  “And Sammy almost died because you were with me.  If you have to choose between me and Sam.  Pick Sam.  Always pick Sam.  He’s worth it.”
Naomi leaned heavily on her staff and took two steps toward the door.  By the third she had become transparent.  By the fifth she was gone.
But his most important lesson had nothing to do with elixirs or spells or surgeries.  The most important skill he had learned was how to mange expectations.  People expected a great deal from their healers.  He had emperors and queens breathing down his neck while he set bones or birthed the heir to the throne.  It was important to recognize what was possible and what was not.  He could do amazing things, but he had his limits.  He never misled those who sought his care and had little difficulty telling an emperor to leave the room.  Politely of course.
Gilda, despite her insistence otherwise, was still recovering.  Rowena may be happy for her to travel, but they had a lot of ground to cover if they travelled by horse.  And they only had two horses, at least for now.  They would have to spend at least some time traveling on foot, which would further slow them down.  They were looking at months of travel.  Distance aside, the longer they were on the road the greater the chances of having to deal with unexpected problems.  He and Dean had already dealt with a werewolf, bandits, a manticore, a kelpie and a dragon, kind of.  Though if you listened to Dean, the worst thing they’d faced was a territorial squirrel.  It was too risky to put Charlie and Gilda through that.  Especially since he could provided a better option.  It was a simple decision to come to when he laid it out to himself.
Castiel quickly began emptying Dean’s pack.  The blankets and spare clothes were tossed aside.  They wouldn’t be helpful right now. The chess set was discarded as well.  He noted the second potion Rowena had given them.  That would be useful later.  He found a bundle of cloth that was wrapped around a faintly glowing spoon.  Why on earth did Dean have Castiel’s spoon tucked in his pack?  He’d deal with that later.  There was nothing here that would help either.
Dean sighed again and pushed the cup away.  This is why he didn’t drink.  He got morose and would dwell on things long past.  And none of that would help him right now.
“I am mounting an expedition Moose.  I’ll be needing your help on said expedition.  For a week or two.  Maybe three.”  Crowley glanced down his nose at Sam.  “I’ll provide you with the appropriate dress for our trip.”
“Not of me.”  Sam shifted his grip on the sword.  Dean was impressed that he managed to keep the blade lifted.  Swords were awkward and heavy for someone who
Castiel huffed in anger, he didn’t have time for this.  Dean needed to get to safety soon, wherever that was, and then he’d need to have his wounds treated.  Hopefully by someone who knew what they were doing.  He did not have time to deal with a horse panicking.
He decided to just rest a little longer before getting himself out of the sister’s way.  They had been kind enough to let him stay here this long.  He started to doze off again when a man came into the tent and called out loudly for a healer.
When Dean could focus his vision again the dragon was gone.  In its place was a battered and bleeding Lady Gilda.
Dean mulled over what Luke had said while the coffee brewed.  Cas was family.  He’d said it before and he believed it, but hadn’t really thought about what it meant.  John Winchester had taught his son a great many lessons.  Even all these years later Dean was still sorting out which ones were worth keeping and which needed to be discarded.
Dean took a sip of his coffee and settled down onto a rock.  Dawn was another hour off and it was still very dark in the woods.  It was also a little colder than he’d expected.  He pulled his jacket closer around him and took another sip of coffee.  He looked at his watch.  It had only been two minutes since he’d last looked.    Waiting had never been Dean’s strong suit.  He preferred action over patience.  At least he knew this wait had a limit to it.  Only another 57 minutes until dawn.
Cas laughed at that.  “My other brothers didn’t tease me, but Gabe always did.  I’m still not sure if he’s laughing with or at me.  Anyway, my parents weren’t quite sure what to do with such a young child so I was left to my own devices a lot.  I had tutors and the like, but as I got older I started to have questions they either wouldn’t answer or that I didn’t want to ask them.”
“I think I understand it,” Cas said.  “It’s not a difficult spell, but it seems to require a lot of concentration.”
Another object hit Dean, this one on the arm.  It fell onto the saddle and slid toward his leg.  He picked it up and held it between his fingers.  It was an acorn.  Another acorn hit his hand and he dropped the one he was holding.  He looked up and saw the attacker.
“I don’t think I found anything,” Rufus said as he clambered out of the cave.  “I know I found him.  I think he was one of your newly hired field hands.  Doubt he came up with this by himself, whoever killed him probably hired him to take Jack in the first place.  Once the fool got here his employer killed him and took Jack.  Trail ends here, there’s nothing else to follow.  I did find this though.”  He handed Dean a hefty looking purse.
“First, I don’t think either of us believe that nonsense,” Gabe started.  He held up a hand when Castiel started to argue.  “I’m not going to start that old argument again. You can pretend all you want, but I actually believe in you.  So does mother.  Which leads me to my second point.  She pushes because she loves you.  She grew up poor Cassie.  Her magic attracted grandfather’s notice, and thankfully it was enough for her to overcome the prejudice of being low born.  She doesn’t want any of her children to be poor and powerless.  She just sees being the best wizards in the world as the way to do it.”
It would have been a peaceful walk in the early morning light, but the screams of battle kept erupting around him.  He kept his head down and did his best to ignore it.  None of it really helped Dean’s mood.  He was a bit hurt by Cas’ rejections the previous night.  He also felt guilty about feeling hurt.  Cas had had a lot dropped on in him the just a day.  He’d reconciled with his brother, sort of.  Dean knew Cas well enough to know that he would attend the next family gathering of the Novak clan and socialize with his brother as Lucifer had asked.  He wasn’t sure it would be something that Cas would do again after that, but he would go at least once.
