Dean, however, was also really good looking with his blondish-brown hair and, as Cas’ best friend, Charlie Bradbury, fangirl supreme would say, fanfiction green eyes. Cas had been crushing on Dean since the moment he had laid his eyes on him. This wasn't uncommon knowledge either, as the entirety of Cas’ class knew, and Charlie, who was just as much a lesbian as Cas was a homoromantic asexual, had told him to just ask Dean out already. He was eagerly awaiting a formal introduction to Dean so that he could heed Charlie's  advice.
Castiel felt lost as he had no idea what the answer was. Suddenly, he felt a sharp tap on his hand. It was Dean. He felt Dean tap the word 'Behead' on the back of his hand in Morse code, so he said, "By beheading them?"
"Thanks, Cas. It means a lot. I really like you too but I wasn't sure if you were into guys, until, you know, we kissed," said Dean with a small chuckle.
Dean pouted through the first 10 minutes but ended up getting really into the story and started asking Cas for more details. As the minutes flew by, Dean and Cas began inching closer and closer to each other until their hands brushed, and the movie played on the side, forgotten by the two boys.
Dean then lead Cas to the dance floor, and they began dancing to the loud party music. Cas felt a little odd dancing at first, but he slowly got into the party spirit and started dancing as energetically as everyone else who was present. He only managed to elbow Dean on the cheek once, and after a hiss of pain and many, "I'm fine, Cas, the pain will wear off soon enough"s Cas deemed Dean fit enough to live after the accident.
Cas sat down on his bed, sighing at the rumbling in his stomach as he surfed Netflix to find something he could distract his mind with. In the end, he settled for a chick-flick called 'To All the Boys I've loved Before'. He sensed some footsteps outside his dorm room right in the middle of one of Lara Jean's crises when he heard a knock on his door and it revealed none other than his handsome roommate, who was drenched in water from head to toe, holding the somehow dry Chinese takeout and pie up as a sort of peace offering, looking rather sheepish.
Castiel, who knew that Karma's a bitch, hoped that one day, the lady herself would get prosecuted for her vile, baseless accusations against him.
Dean was an amazing person, and he didn't even know it. His forest green eyes shone when he spoke about Led Zeppelin and AC/DC, and his laughs were hearty and infectious, making Cas burst into a fit of giggles after hearing some joke about a wendigo and a bar. He was very intelligent and never gave himself enough credit, and he had built a life for himself from scratch after his dad died a few years back. He and his brother Sam were sent to live with Bobby, their dad's old friend, and the only thing left to them was an old journal and the sleek, black '67 Chevy Impala, that Dean kept in pristine condition.
A soft smile played on Dean's face as they looked back at the screen, only to see that Lara Jean and Peter Kavinsky had initiated their kiss as well.
He sighed at the prospect of encountering either of the two, and scoured around the bank, looking for an entry point. On seeing one of the higher windows, he decided to fly up to it and enter from there.
He had left his dorm room a few minutes ago to go to the terrace to investigate the cause of a police siren that he had heard. Looking around for the source of the siren, he let his mind wander to thoughts about his roommate, Dean Winchester, who had been absent from the dorm at the time, as he usually was. In fact, Cas hadn't even met Dean properly. The guy was like some kind of a top secret spy, entering the dorm in the wee hours of the night. He was usually so late that Cas, who stayed up a lot due to studying and crime fighting, was also asleep, and always left before Cas woke up. The guy avoided basically everyone in their college as well. All anyone knew about him was that he knew some person called 'Sammy’, possibly his brother or friend, and someone called 'Bobby’. Cas and Dean hadn't got to talking much, as they both got marked down as roommates only a few weeks ago, but he seemed to be a decent guy.
The Angel shot back up. Deep blue lenses met pitch black and he stared into the eyes of the Demon.
"That your secret girlfriend, Cas?" asked Dean jokingly.
Cas scowled through the mask at the thought of his annoying aunt, but turned his attention back to Deputy Mills. 'What’s up, Sheriff?,’ he asked. ‘Anything I can do to help?’
"Cas, what's that on your jaw?"
"Aren't you supposed to be with Bobby?"
Cas let out a dry laugh at that. He DID feel like crap. Sure, he could heal quicker than normal people, but that did not make the process any less excruciating. His entire body was aching and he felt like he had been run over a bus. Or two.
Dean’s eyes have adjusted and he can see Cas clearly now. His hair is mussed like he’s been running a hand through it all night, slightly damp with the sweat of living among so many people for the past few hours, and his eyes are wider than usual, probably from all the alcohol.
Dean knows where he’s going with this, and he reaches up to clasp Cas’ wrists. “Still not outing myself, man. Especially not during the playoffs.”
“Did you?” Cas asks curiously.
“There’s a q,” Sam explains. “For queer. LGBTQ.”
Dean drops Cas’ wrist like it’s on fire and takes a pull of the beer. The sooner he finishes this, the sooner he can go for the hard stuff.
“Don’t have sex in here,” she says. “Crowley will have a fit if you guys get jizz all over the toys.”
They’re in a foreign city, and they’ve picked a bar kind of like the Roadhouse, one that doesn’t pay much attention to famous people, but that doesn’t mean they won’t get recognized soon.
Amazingly, it’s empty, but it is the top of the seventh, and men’s bathrooms never have lines like the women’s do anyway (he asked Sam about that once – big mistake. Some whole deal about sexism and society and culture that Dean truly did listen to but still doesn’t understand – did they not have enough toilets in there?) so it’s pretty easy to just walk in and out but –
“What do you do?”
“No,” Cas agrees throatily, and Dean is shocked to see that his eyes are wet too.
This was fucking stupid. He should just call Cas and find out for himself.
Fuck. Dean squeezes his already shut eyes even tighter as he circles the end of his cock with his thumb, flicking the slit before running back down the shaft. He’s completely erect now, in that full achey way that feels so fucking good.
Cas opens his mouth and closes it again. He simply cannot imagine a bitter Dean, one who’s not cracking jokes all the time and attempting to make everyone around him smile. He always looks so pleased with himself. Is all of that an act?
“What’s wrong?” Sam asks, brow furrowed as Chekov bounces around his feet, demanding attention.
Dean feels warmth bloom in his chest and rush to his cheeks and he carefully doesn’t look at Cas. Fucking sissy.
“I’ve never formed an opinion,” he replies as Dean starts to whistle along to the sound system playing ‘Yo Ho Yo Ho’.
Gabriel’s mouth tightens. “Did he threaten you?”
He ignores the small voice in his head telling him he’s going to fuck this up. He won’t.
“What, uh,” he suddenly panics. “What if I’m thinkin’ about you but not, you know, praying?”
“He’s not exactly wrong, Dean,” Sam says, looking extremely pained to say it. “Sports, muscle cars, disillusionment with freedom of choice, pie…”
Jack kneels in front of him, accepting his fate, and Dean can’t do it. He can’t shoot this kid who’s been as close to a son as he’s ever gonna get, even if he did kill mom. He can’t shoot this kid and die and leave the earth with Cas furious and heartbroken and resenting that first moment he placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder and yanked him out of Hell. He can’t do it.
If Dean answers, Castiel is already too asleep to hear it.
Cas understandingly doesn’t answer.
“Yeah sure,” Dean nods distractedly, staring at his hand and trying very, very hard not to think about how Cas’ fingers are kinda slender like a girl’s, except stronger, he could probably do shit that felt just like…
This is why he never tells Sam things. He spills his guts and never fucking gets anything out of it.
He has no idea how they continue to get away with these apartment game watching sessions when they usually show up to practice the next day hungover, but Bobby does seem to enjoy blowing the whistle a little more on those days, so maybe it’s a win-win.
Then Dean reminds himself he’s being stupid, because of course Cas knows. Dean’s talked about it to the whole team, as their captain. He just hasn’t talked to Cas.
He’s pretty sure this is the first time Gordon has talked to him in weeks. “Walker,” he returns, not even bothering to turn towards him. “You need somethin’?”
Dean’s heart cracks.
So, this whole role model thing while trying to maneuver a brand new homosexual relationship. It was tough, and Dean hadn’t even done anything role model worthy yet. Winning the cup means he and the team are being put through a lot of appearances and publicity stunts, and he hasn’t had time to give Mr. Corbitt a call about what exactly he can do for You Can Play next.
Cas’ nose scrunches as he glances down at his hand, looking completely exasperated at the interruption. “It’s lube.”
Benny laughs. “Apologies, brother, I forgot
“What’s the deal, anyway?” Sam asks. “I thought you guys were doing pretty well. I mean, you haven’t blown up on him in front of the whole team again.”
“Yeah, Dean, the guy you’re making googly eyes at,” Charlie grins. “Not that you’re the first to fall for his charms.”
His phone starts ringing, so if Cas answers Dean doesn’t hear, still laughing as he picks up his phone and swipes the screen. “Hello?”
“Bobby and your mom?”
Gabriel glances at Dean before grinning widely. “What can I say, I enjoy the blonde ladies.”
“Not the point, Sam,” Dean growls. “What do you mean it’s not a surprise?”
The rest of the period is just a back in forth volley of shots. The goal really lit a fire under Gabriel’s ass. He’s a good goalie to begin with, but he’s been making saves Dean didn’t believe were possible, and he jumps off the bench with the rest of his team to cheer loudly every time the puck is stopped.
“Yeah!” she bends towards the stroller. “Hey, Patrick, can you give him the puck?”
He sniffs, wipes a hand roughly over his face. “Well. Let’s go get the dumb bastard back.”
He is instantly greeted with warmth and light and the color red. Everywhere. The carpet under his feet is red, as is the sign proclaiming, “Santa has come to Macy’s!” Castiel steps further into the store and is met with a wide open area that is a flurry of activity. The large rectangular space is rimmed with Grecian pillars, and if he follows their natural progression upwards he can see four more floors of the same pillars. At the very top is an arched blue and ivory ceiling with ribbons of gold running through it, his view of the whole masterpiece obstructed by the giant rows of garland dripping with massive red and silver ornaments that is suspended somewhere around the second floor.
“No, it’s fine,” Dean mutters, pushing his chair back with a little more force than necessary and standing up. He doesn’t wait to see if Sam comments on him fucking the ancient wooden floors up, something he himself’d normally be concerned with (shut up, they’re antique). “I’m just gonna –-” he makes a vague gesture towards the kitchen before quickly heading off.
“I believe so,” Krushnic says. “I got rid of all the colored balls.”
“Hey, don’t make fun of my dreams,” Dean tells him, snatching the magazine back and throwing it back onto his coffee table. Usually it makes his family room look more elegant, with its gleaming mahogany surface, but today it’s strewn with bowls of popcorn, Cheetos, and Victor’s crossed feet. “You want another beer?”
Cas shrugs. “We got it from Jody and Donna’s bachelorette party.”
“You were in Canada visiting your cousins,” Sam says.
Dean makes a half-hearted noise of protest, but he actually really wants to bitch. Just as long as Jo actually allows him to get drunk. “You’re not going to tell Bobby, are you?”
The hallway back down to the main room isn’t that long, but Dean walks it quickly anyway, hoping he doesn’t find Cas hunched up in the corner or something with curious kids trying to beat him out in a staring contest.
“Were you gonna give it to someone?” Sam presses, gesturing at the sleeve, “You still got the tags there, Cas.”
“It’s the finer things in life, Deano,” Gabriel sighs. “Guess you saw her too.”
“Yeah, so?” Dean scowls. “I don’t have the luxury of playing shitty teams all season.” The KHL’s gotta be worse than the NHL. New players come over to America all the time, and Dean’s seen a lot of them returning. Maybe this kid will be the same. Definitely not worth losing Victor. “He ever played in America before, Bobby?”
Dean makes a horrible pass from behind their own net to the center of the ice, ready and waiting for a Scorpion to meet it there and take a shot off of the greatest set-up ever created by an opposing team member. Dean is expecting it, everybody on the ice is expecting it…hell, Dean swears he can feel the stadium take a collective breath of anticipation. But suddenly Krushnic is there, exploding to the other end of the ice in such an unexpected move that none of the Scorpions defenders can get back to challenge him, and he fakes around Cain with a sweet little spin move that allows him to practically walk the puck into the back of the net.
“Hey, I can’t help being this awesome.”
Krushnic continues to stare at the water cannon, turns the crank again and hits another person dead on. Dean has to admit he has ridiculous aim. “I don’t believe friendship is required among teammates, but I respect Coach Singer. If he believes we need to,” his mouth twists, “be buddies, I will try.”
Oh yeah. Dean remembers there being some sort of shit during the Olympics last year, of gay athletes who weren’t sure they wanted to be in Sochi. Being a hockey player it hadn’t really affected Dean, and he’s kind of forgotten about it once the games had started. “It’s not weird for you or anything, is it? Because if you’re gonna be a jackass…”
He knows Mary is uncomfortable in the bunker, and so when she goes, he doesn’t object. Everybody will always want to leave. Dean has to let them, has to be satisfied with the moments they allow him.
Maybe not the absolute end. Yeah, his dick sure seemed to like everything Cas had to offer, and Dean himself did too, in the sense that Cas is his buddy. But he’s not in love with the guy, and that would never happen anyway, because even if Dean has to maybe start facing the fact that he’s a little gay, he’s not full on gay. He doesn’t want a relationship. Just a little naked touching or whatever.
Thankfully hockey’s got a way of doing that for him, even if it is with your family, out on a pond with Bobby’s crappy wooden sticks. Dean ends up getting Bobby, Jo, and Charlie on his team, and they immediately direct Charlie to go stand in net so she doesn’t have to skate.
“Girl?”
Dean is a horrible patient. Sam tells him so when he calls in the morning, waking Dean from his surprisingly comfortable position on the floor. Whether or not the position has anything to do with Cas’ head resting on his chest is something he doesn’t want to contemplate.
Jo frowns at him and answers quickly, “What? Nothing. Why?”
Breakfast is a sorry affair. He is out of coffee, and the only food in the house is half a box of Branflakes he doesn’t remember buying and a frozen bag of corn. Tossing the box of cereal away in disgust, Castiel heads to his room, determined to somehow make this day better.
Dean is suddenly extremely grateful that the elevator is empty.
Castiel has found, surprisingly, that the closer they get to Christmas the easier work becomes. Sure, more and more people appear to complain every day, but somehow he’s become more numb to it. Besides, the more people there are, the faster his shift goes by. Castiel will find himself finishing an eight hour shift in what only seems like an hour, the constant stream of people and endless Christmas songs and noise giving him no real sense of time.
Somebody smacks him over the head, but everyone’s still undressing so Dean knows not to swear too colorfully. Sure enough, it’s Bobby. “Stop torturing the girl,” he says, tossing the envelope he must have used to hit Dean into his lap. “Some idiot fan sent mail to the stadium addressed to you.”
“Please,” Zachariah says softly. “Me, insecure? You’re barely worth the effort it took your whore mother to get fucked and stuck with you. Remember that when we humiliate you tomorrow, and maybe you won’t feel as bad about not having her shoulder above ground for you to cry on.”
Soon Cas is basically pressed against him, arm and arm, and he stiffens almost immediately. Cas doesn’t seem to notice, so Dean resolutely keeps his eyes on the TV, moving his arm to the back of the couch when it begins to fall asleep.
Tips the goddamned hat.
“We’re not dating,” Dean protests. “We’re going on a date. There’s a big difference Sammy.”
Dean glides over to the bench for the line change, vaulting over the wall and squeezing between Ash and Kevin before they finally make some room. “Did Victor really say we sucked?” Kevin asks.
Sam, the awkward idiot, actually twists around to watch her leave, calling, “bye!” as the door shuts behind her. He then turns wide-eyed to his brother. “Seriously, Dean?”
“Marlowe,” he manages to repeat more calmly. “Your cover.  Thought it was Beyoncé?”
“I wouldn’t want you to,” Cas says dryly.
“Gabriel!” Sam suddenly calls out in relief. Dean glances behind Crowley to see their short goalie walking towards them, chewing on a Twix bar. Gabriel flips Sam off, grinning, and Dean is relieved to see that Crowley is already slinking off. Out of all of them, Gabriel is the only one that can get under Crowley’s skin as much as he gets under their’s.
“You’re not wrong there, brother,” Benny nods sagely. “But I get the feeling I don’t get the same VIP experience as Cas anymore.”
“If nothing else, we can at least be thankful Bobby tasked the person least in need of such sleep with calling everybody,” Krushnic replies briskly before hanging up.
“Do you think you can come untouched?”
“Just another day’s work for your friendly neighborhood Spiderman,” Dean mutters. He closes his eyes again, but it’s useless now; they’re pulling into a parking space and the bus driver is telling them to get the hell off the bus.
“Two things,” Dean answers, holding up two of his fingers. He holds out the Starbucks cup. “This is for you.”
“Probably, probably,” the driver mutters as he stares down into the depths of the car. “I dunno what any of this shit is.”
Krushnic’s already pushing off of him. “Sorry,” he says roughly.
“What? No,” Garth looks crestfallen. “I love practice.”
“Good. Hey, you got a phone?”
“He looks like a hockey player,” Cas says, and Dean realizes that he’s finished with his last autograph and is now waiting for Dean to finish with this family. Whatever, they can take care of them together.
Dean waves a hand towards the shelves of his entertainment system. “Paint Your Wagon is in there somewhere.”
Dean laughs and stands up. “How about this,” he offers. “We go on our date, and then I’ll come back here and try to figure out what’s wrong with your sink.”
“Hey, at least we saved the future from one bigot.” Cas’ hands drop from his face and Dean sighs. “Look Cas—,"
“That goal they scored on your penalty, that was my fault,” he says roughly. “And I couldn’t get a shot off at the end of the game.”
When the angel and Winchester managed to escape their realm for a second time, they couldn’t help but feel relieved they’d been left to their darkness once again.
Except. That kiss had been good. Amazing. Dean’s a good kisser, and he’s done it a lot. He knows what sexual chemistry is, what it means to click and fit with someone, when all the tabs lock in and the gears whir and the alarm that says ‘sex needs to happen immediately’ begins to blare. It was like one of those kisses. Yeah, a little different, for some reason lacking the usual urgency Dean always felt to get away from kissing and into the fun stuff, but still, he felt it.
“Of course not,” he says indignantly. “Angels are interdimensional wave lengths of faith and atoms. We don’t glitter.”
Or at least he would be moving, if he hadn’t eaten so much.
Dean pushes Sam away, trying to take in the chaos surrounding him. Chuck is grappling with a guy not too far from him. Gabriel’s out of his net and on this end of the ice, wrestling with the Forks’ goalie while Victor hovers around them like he can’t decide who he has a better chance of pulling away from the other. Dean wonders where the fuck the refs are when he spots them towards center ice.
The kid gives him a calculating look that reminds him eerily of Cas before turning the puck so the flat side is facing Dean. Dean quickly reaches over with one hand and grabs a silver sharpie, scribbling his signature across the top. Patrick giggles as the movement of Dean’s signature moves his arm. It’s absolute crap, so he shifts the kid to his other knee, closer to Cas, and grabs for one of the photos they got hanging around on the table for people who don’t own anything for him to sign. “Here Cas, sign the puck,” he says as he carefully scribbles his name more neatly onto the photo.
“Nah,” Dean turns his face into Cas’ neck and smiles against his skin, fitting his hands to his hips and holding him to the counter. “Think it’s my turn.”
“Because you’re supposed to be the smart one!”
Cas kills his alternate ego with ease, and Dean doesn’t bring it up. They don’t mention it at all.
“I’d like to be,” he replies, and Dean’s brain stutters. “No, Dean, I was not going to cook for you.”
Chuck looks around nervously. “Well, because of Gordon, I guess.”
“I’m sure it doesn’t feed your ego at all,” Charlie jokes, getting a giggle out of Anna.
“Was pissed off,” Dean murmurs. “Doesn’t matter.”
Faintly, he hears something ding, but he ignores it in favor of cupping his hand against Tessa’s heat as she bucks her hips into the movement – until she stops.
“You seen Cas?”
“Dean,” Sam warns quietly under his breath, coming to a stop behind him. “This isn’t going to end well. Are we even going to get any practice done today?”
Cas, quite frankly, looks like he isn’t sure what to do with himself. He takes the flowers, wide eyed, and stares at them.
Even talking about Sam, Dean hasn’t truly smiled. Castiel is beginning to worry about him, but the only thing he knows to do is to let Dean continue talking. When Gabriel gets into bad moods, he knows to leave him alone, so he may as well just let Dean do whatever it is Dean does when he’s upset.
Castiel takes a bite of his cold mashed potatoes. “Shut up, Gabriel.”
“How long is this gonna take?” Kevin speaks up. “I had to cancel lunch with my mom, and if I don’t at least make it to dinner she’s gonna be pissed.”
“Should we be doing that too?” Cas asks doubtfully.
“I get by,” Bobby says, frowning suddenly. “Any reason you’re in here, kid?”
“Hello Dean,” Cas says when Dean reaches the table, looking slightly uncomfortable, and Dean wonders for a horrified second if Cas has noticed that he’s been acting weird, or if somebody has said something. Then he remembers Cas is oblivious, and foreign. He was fine.
Dean’s not sure if his mom ever wanted him to play hockey. He doesn’t remember much about her, only vague impressions of laughter and brightness and so much kindness his chest aches. He doesn’t know what his life would have been if Mary hadn’t died. All he knows is, she did, and dad turned back to the only other thing in his life he’d ever loved.
“Until we score,” Cas finishes calmly, pulling his hand away. Dimly through his haze of lust and disbelief, Dean wonders where he thinks he’s going to wipe that mess.
Cas doesn’t seem concerned by Dean’s lack of response. Instead he smiles slightly and cups a hand over Dean’s cheek. “Here’s looking at you, kid.”
Not enough to not laugh about it though.
“We can’t tell people.”
The Scorpions are doing a great job of killing any shot that want to make, as first Alastair and then Michael push in front of Dean, forcing him to pass the puck back to Sam each time. It feels more like a game of keep away than anything else, and Dean hates keep away.
Castiel blinks confusedly, his hair completely fucked from where it’d been shoved into Dean’s neck. Dean tries not to look at him, but he can’t help noticing that even blurred with sleep, his eyes are still ridiculous.
Dean snorts. Jack is still something he blames Cas for. “Sorry I brought it up. Maybe if you didn’t just up and leave us.”
“They weren’t for you.”
The row of shelves have finally ended, opening up to a large workspace practically bursting at the seams with what Castiel can only assume are Dean’s works in progress. A half built snowman rests closest to him, arm beside it’s bottom on the floor drapes of red and green fabric spill out of a large crate just behind it. Towards the center of the room is a large workbench littered in tools and other complicated looking pieces of machinery Castiel couldn’t even begin to try to put a name to, several Christmas trees made of metal resting next to the workbench at varying heights, each in a different stage of having lights screwed into them.
He feels the bundle of nerves that have gathered in his stomach over the game clench with something different.
“I guess we won’t be buttering anything,” Cas murmurs.
“Not with your words,” Balthazar sighs dramatically, clutching at his heart. “But we felt it in our souls.”
“Yeah okay Mr. Candy Man,” Dean says, nodding at the wrapper still clenched in his hand. “You know Bobby’s gonna kill you, right? You’re already the shortest guy to ever play hockey, don’t become the slowest too.”
“Um,” Cas replies.
Dean raises the gun again, but Lucifer is already gone, and Dean whirls, searching, spotting the trench coat still abandoned on the chair in the corner before rushing out into the hallway.
“No.”
Road trips are always a week, week and a half, max, but they always feel like years and years to Dean. It’s a straight up stretch of hotels, buses and planes, dumping them off at their third city in as many days at three in the morning and hauling them out the second a game ends. Sometimes Dean doesn’t even know where he is until he sees the logo of the team emblazed into stadium ice. It’s why teams usually have a better home record than they do an away one – this is not where they belong, and on top of that, they’ve just come from several other cities they don’t belong to either.
"I can't hear you over the sound of your wedding bells!"
Castiel just wished that 'Devil’ would go back to hell, so that he could live his life peacefully instead of chasing the guy all his life.
"Make sure you tell her not to hurt Jo, or I'll have to hunt her down and kick her ass. Jo's my cousin, and I will not let her get hurt."
"Yeah."
Laughing at her cousins childishness, she told Cas that he could jump out of the bathroom window if he needed an escape from Dean. Dean threw two more tissues at her and they all burst out laughing as one of them hit Jo right in the face.
"I'm gonna call the cops on him."
"Nice? Yeah, I get that a lot, Dean. She may have raised me but I never wanted to be like her. She is a cruel reporter and is certainly no better at being an aunt. She always wanted me to be someone who followed in her footsteps, but her behaviour was terrible. She is exactly the type of person I loathe. I'd rather die than turn into someone like her."
The Angel's wings ruffled as he realised that he had forgotten his voice modulator at home in his hurry to dress up for the date.
"We are literally on a date right now, Jo."
"It was no problem, really," replied Dean. "I don't mean to pry, but are you okay? You look like crap."
Before leaving, he sent a glare to the Demon and asked him to wait there and make sure the creep didn't disappear. He led the woman back out of the alley while glaring at the Demon. He walked her back to her street as she gave him directions. While walking back after dropping her, he remembered that Dean was still waiting for him at the diner.
"Some queue that must have been," muttered Cas, as he pulled Dean into the room so they could start eating their food as quickly as humanly possible.
Castiel grabbed his trench coat before following Dean out of the dorm.
"What? Cas, what're you sorry about?"
"Thanks, man, I really appreciate it," he said. The Demon winked at the Angel, did a two fingered salute, and started running off in the direction of the car park.
"You're the one who knocked the guy out with a dinner plate."
Smiling at the fond memory of his geeky friend, Castiel put his mask on. It was a simple piece of white spandex, with two holes in the front to enable him to see, and glossy dark blue eye lenses attached to them. Cas had installed a voice changer of some sort into his mask so that no one would be able to hear his actual voice, which kept his identity veiled from the world. The amplifier made his voice more high pitched than usual, due to which no one in the media had been able to place just what his gender was. The length of his suit was made up of white, skin-tight spandex, with two small slits at the back to give his wings enough room to move easily
"It's a deal!"
"What the fu-" His sentence was promptly cut off as the person behind him stepped out of the shadows and promptly knocked him out with a resounding crash caused by the creeps head colliding with the shadows dinner plate.
"Yes, Dean! You're smart, and funny, and you brighten up my days by just being around. I'd love it more than anything if I was your boyfriend."
Cas stifled a yawn as he tried to sneakily check how much time was left before his last class of the day, History, got over. The  unwelcome drawl of his teacher, Professor Uriel, was to Cas what a Siren's voice was to a sailor, taunting and jeering at him, egging his naive mind on to take on a perilous venture into an unknown land.
"Yeah, we're even. Thanks Dean, and I'm still really sorry that I ditched you."
"Seems like I'm learning all sorts of things about you today, Dean Winchester," said Cas. The thought about him having at least a chance with Dean washed over his mind, and he couldn't keep the grin off his face.
The paramedic, a guy named Kevin, rushed up to Castiel and helped him into a stretcher. He proceeded to clean and bandage Cas' wound and told him how to tend to it later. Cas nodded along to his explanation, not really hearing Kevin out as his eyes slowly shifted towards the building, only to see a black figure crash through a window on the first floor and run out of sight. The Demon had escaped once again.
"You love chick-flicks," said Cas in a matter-of-fact tone, earning a playful punch on the arm from Dean.
"Wait, so what are you, some kind of lawful evil?"
"How is posting security guards- nevermind. Let's finish eating this, Dean, then if you want, you can watch the movie with me."
"Hey, you don't have to talk about it if you don't wanna, but at least let me help you." He got up to get Cas an ice pack while he shuffled awkwardly and decided to apply some gauze to his wings and change into his PJs in the meantime.
Castiel growled at the mention of the Devil. He was the villain of his story, the thorn in his side. The guy had thwarted Cas for about six months now, and he targeted all the banks owned by a rich businessman called Chuck Shurley.
To some they were a birth defect, to others a phenomenon, to his parents they were a miracle. To his guardians however, his wings were nothing but a curse.
Thank you so much for reading this, and I hope that you enjoyed it! <3
Cas could tell that he was lying but decided to not poke around further.
He smiled up at Dean when he came back wearing his fresh clothes, and went back to scooping up large amounts of the noodles into his face. He glanced to the side on hearing a loud moan arise from Dean's throat as he started devouring the food. A strangled laugh left Cas at the sound, and on hearing that, both Dean and Cas began giggling uncontrollably, which turned into a bunch of raucous laughter, which got interrupted by someone knocking on the door and telling them to stop shagging. The loud guffaws slowly died down into soft giggles and the two continued to eat in companionable silence as the rain thundered down outside.
"What do you say we call this even?"
"I'd love that," smiled Cas.
Dean's fingers snapping in front of his face brought Cas back from his internal monologue, and he had just begun to follow Dean to the dance floor when he was tackled into a hug by a mass of red hair.
"Hey Cas," he said breathlessly.
Sitting down is exactly what Cas did, but not before giving Dean a grateful smile and tapping,"Thanks," onto Dean's hand. Dean smiled back and tapped, "No problem."
"Are you seriously hating on the Angel, Dean? Sure, his moves are unconventional and a little off-beat, but all he wants to do is help people and make a difference! The guy really doesn't need any more negativity, my aunt gives him enough of that every day."
"Yeah, it's, uh, me," said the Demon in a rather un-sinister tone as he cleared his throat.
Dean rolled his eyes and said,"Bobby threw my ass out after I got done with his work because tomorrow's a school day."
He grinned at the familiar face of Sheriff Mills, who was one of very few people who considered Angel to be a friend of the law, unlike the famous news reporter, Naomi Engel. However odd it may have seemed, she was his very own beloved aunt, who always defiled Castiel's alter ego's name, not realising that it was the same person who she had brought up to be a “perfect little soldier”, who was always expected to follow her commands. It hardly bothered her that ever since Angel started helping the Kansas City Police Department they had become a lot more efficient. To her Angel was nothing more than a menace that needed to be persecuted, like he was some kind of a mercenary and she'd made her opinions very clearly known to the world.
"You're adorable," said Cas, a soft smile playing on his lips.
"Hey, bitches," said Charlie, as she smiled at Dean and Cas as she held the latter at arm's length. "Look who decided to show up! I would've stuck around to chat, but I see that you've found yourself a little date, Cassie, so I'll go. Got a bunch of hot beauties waiting for me." Winking at Cas, she went over to where Jo Harvelle was. After a moment of introduction, the two girls started dancing together.
A jet-black, skin tight spandex suit covered a man who was approximately 6 feet tall and had the shoulder to waist ratio of a Dorito. He had a mop of black hair, probably a wig, covering his actual hair, and he wore a mask to cover the upper half of his face. The most interesting feature of this man's attire, however, was what Castiel when the man turned towards him. In his eyes, there sat a pair of glossy, pitch black lenses. People were afraid of him because those lenses made him seem almost inhuman, leading people to call him 'The Demon'.
He decided to put some gauze on the graze on his wing and let his healing factor take care of the ache on his jaw and stomach so he headed back in the dorms direction to use his first aid kit. He turned the collar on his trenchcoat up to hide the bruise that was forming on his jawline and walked back to the building in record time. Making his way up, he took out his keys and unlocked the door to reveal-
"Shut up! I am holding this woman hostage!"
"What's going on, Dean?"
"Dean, I'm asexual."
"I panicked, okay? I didn't even realise I was holding it."
The now overstuffed classroom was very hot due to the air conditioning being broken. Castiel felt hotter than all those students sitting with him as he wore an old oversized trench coat that concealed his tightly folded wings from his classmates' eyes.
After a few seconds of silence, they both gave each other a look and began giggling uncontrollably. That descended into laughter as soon as Cas looked at the sight in front of him.
"That's okay, I'll stay with you. I needed company for the party anyways, because if you haven't noticed already, I don't exactly have any friends here," Dean chuckled.
Trying to begin a conversation with the other, Dean started,"Hi?"
He entered the bathroom through the window and got his clothes that he left in there and was horrified to find that someone had been waiting for him to leave all this time and he ran out of there as soon as his civilian clothes were on and his aching wings got tucked back into his shirt.
"I believe she is. Good for her, she was heartbroken after Dorothy Baum left town and they stopped keeping in touch. I was hoping that she'd find someone to get together with at this party."
Thrown off by the question, Cas shrugged.
"The Demon," Cas started,"He keeps stealing money from the same guy's banks and I'm sick of him. I get that Chuck Shurley is an idiot, but stealing from him is still wrong."
Dean came back in a few minutes and pressed the ice pack to Cas' jaw and even though his eyes were begging Cas to tell him where he got the bruise, he didn't mention it, just like he said. Cas thanked him after a while and decided to call it a night. He didn't get much sleep that night as his dreams were plagued with visions of knives, black bodysuits, and green eyes.
He kicked the glass window, and on feeling the stabbing pain of one of the shards enter his foot, he swore. No matter how many times he did this, he didn't get used to the pain, and he probably never would. Biting down on his tongue, Cas reached down and pulled the glass out of his foot before he got infected and bound it with a piece of cloth that he always carried with him for emergencies like this. He decided to test the strength of his foot and saw that it didn't hold, so he decided to just fly to his destination, the ground floor, where the hostages were being kept.
“Alan Corbett was the son of Phillip Corbett, general manager for Toronto. Pretty well respected guy, you know, and Alan was a hockey scout for some college…anyway, he came out a few years ago, closest to anyone the NHL has had coming out in the organization. He was a really big voice for kids bein’ able to play their sport without being affected by who they were. He died in a car crash a few months later, and his dad and his brother do a pretty good job of keeping his voice strong in the league.”
“He is if he’s got strong teammates who encourage him to play his best,” Bobby growls in warning, jabbing Dean in the chest. “You want to make a run for the cup this year, you’ll play nicey nice. Now get dressed, Winchester, I don’t have all day to chit-chat with you.”
“I know I do,” Jo nods. “You let me know if you need any help too, okay?”
Dean loves him way too much.
“Thank you, Sammy.”
Meanwhile, Gabriel is having the time of his life, laughing his ass off. “How the fuck did you assholes miss such an obvious goal?” he snickers. “Who forgot to feed Kev his extra biscuit?”
“No, I just, uh,” Dean flounders, searching for something to say and cursing not thinking this through. Probably should have worried more about what to say to Cas instead of whether or not Cas was even gonna let him say it.
Sam may be a bastard, but he’s fucking effective, and Dean thinks about how he and Cas haven’t exactly talked about what they’re doing all the way back to the apartment. He knows they should, because otherwise Dean never will, and it’s seeming more and more like Cas won’t either, and Dean will be stuck in this thing where there’s kissing and random unannounced sex and everyone seems to know what’s going on but him.
“Hello Dean. I haven’t talked to you much since we had practice. Did you enjoy your shopping?”
Dean’s arm slips around his shoulders and Cas, who usually has a problem being close to people (despite Gabriel accusing him of having personal space issues whenever he stands near him) doesn’t mind when Dean pulls him closer. “Come on,” he tells him. “Let’s go fix your sink.”
The TV is on, but the sound is too low to hear or bother his head. Now that getting trashed has failed to solve all his problems for him, he should probably figure out what to do next. Grovel to Bobby, maybe. Give him a bottle of Johnnie Walker so when Rufus finally gets back from vacation to begin assistant coaching again they’ll have enough alcohol to be able to hold a conversation with one another. That should be enough of an apology.
Somewhere, for some reason, a lone, haunting voice is singing the opening verse to ‘Silent Night’. It is chilling in its simplicity, in what should be beauty, but all Castiel can think of is cold nights, a candle flickering, and sitting in the back pew of an empty church.
“Is this alright?” Cas asks, misinterpreting the stare. “I could not find anything warmer.”
“Like my shot, huh?” Dean reaches over and slaps at Cas’ controller, moving his character right in the way of some crossfire and killing him. “Who’s slow now?”
“I meant this day, Dean. I do not want to mess up my first Christmas here.”
“Sap,” Dean mutters. Cas’ ball finally comes rolling out and he grabs Cas’ hand, positioning his fingers in it correctly. “There. See how it’s your middle finger and your ring finger, instead of your index?” He gently nudges Cas towards the alley, stopping right behind him so he’s chest to back with Cas. “Pull your arm back,” Dean murmurs. Keep your elbow in line with your wrist. Keep it locked.” He gently pulls Cas’ elbow back and watches as he swings forward letting the ball go in a smooth roll straight down the center of the lane, knocking down half the pins.
“Yes,” Krushnic frowns in thought. “I thought you couldn’t pronounce it and were too afraid to ask. You may call me Castiel.”
Cinderella sings on the TV behind them.
Dean lets out a surprised bark of laughter, looking at Bobby disbelievingly. “We gotta
Bobby rolls his eyes. “You think he’s gonna ask you to prom?”
“Uh, well,” Chuck’s saying nervously. “Maybe Jared thinks he’s doing the right thing, and that Jensen doesn’t know what he’s talking about, and that’s why.”
Sam and Cas are obviously the best on Sam’s team, though Ellen definitely shouldn’t be counted out, and Dean doesn’t want to ignore Jess’ recent lessons either, even if she does look like she’s going to be playing the other team’s goalie.
“Our plane is in six hours.”
There are whispers, traveling swiftly through the trees of Purgatory and among their kind. The angel was captured, and he was being taken to Mother.
Krissy comes out a moment later on skates to Aidan’s delight, and Dean’s surprised to see that she’s not half bad. Her first shot goes past Gabriel easily, and as she skates back to the line she shoots Dean a smug look. “Told you.”
“I didn’t have a crush on
“She was pretty, wasn’t she Cassie boy?”
His mood sours when he learns Cas has a date, someone else working at the station – Nora.
“Yeah?” Dean asks, quirking an eyebrow.
When he and Benny had finally caught up to Cas here, at the edge of the stream, he’d been so angry, so self-righteous.
“So, what about you, make any new friends? I know what a social butterfly you are, bet you’re beating them off with a stick.”
“You’re not really gonna try to fucking cook, are you?” Dean asks, even though it’s kinda hard to care about the apartment potentially being set on fire with Cas’ hand down his pants and his lips on Dean’s neck.
“Sorry?
“Later,” Cas says, and it sounds way more like an ominous promise than a suggestion.
Dean is secretly relieved to not have to see that angry red slash on Cas’ forearm, and when he confronts Sam about it later, he does make sure to show some thanks for that. “Don’t know what I would’ve done if the guy went all killer crazy on us,” he jokes weakly.
“Office!” Kevin calls back. “Edlund’s here!”
Friday night means the bar is slightly more crowded than usual, so Dean’s actually got to wait a few minutes after sitting down for Jo to spot him and bring over a beer.
There aren’t many more people around after that, and it’s getting late anyway. They gotta be at Crowley’s at six tomorrow morning, and Dean knows from painful experience it’s hard enough getting Cas up at the time when he has had enough sleep. Krissy had already showed up to give Dean shit, and Dean had made her promise to text him (“I have your number now,” he threatened) when she was all set to go again. He’s going to convince her to come to a play off game if it kills him, and it’s big incentive to get into the third round so she actually has a game to come to.
Cas pauses, like he’s seriously considering the question, before nodding. “Yes.”
“Probably useless to ask you to take an easy on the guy, huh?”
Amazingly enough, nobody had leaked the awesome relationship he and Krushnic currently had going, so Dean’s only current source of pain was that the media was essentially losing their shit over their possible chemistry, of which he knew there was none.
Speaking of Krushnic, why the hell is Bobby dragging him through the door?
Sam shrugs. “He doesn’t.”
If it were anyone else, Dean’s pretty sure they’d forget that they asked about his dad. What really was there to know that people didn’t already? John Winchester, a veteran center who worked hard and eventually made it to the Edmonton Orcas, where he helped mentor a group of young kids to four Stanley Cups in a row and create a dynasty.
“It’s fine,” the woman says, taking the kid back from Dean. “We’ve wasted enough of your time.” They take their camera back from Hannah, and Dean hands over the picture he autographed. “I just want to say, you two are so adorable.”
“When you bring me a bloody martini!” Balthazar yells back. Someone turns up the TV and Gabriel yells “DRINK,” again as the game goes to TV timeout, so Dean swears and heads for the door, sticky glass still in hand.
Thank you guys so much for the patience. I'm hoping the content of the chapter and what's to come makes up for it.
Dean licks into wet heat, into mouths, tongues, nipples, and buries his face in hot necks and creamy thighs until he can’t tell what’s going on anymore, if he’s even on the bed still, all he knows is pleasure is building, he’s panting and someone’s mouth is on his dick and his mouth is so dry, he’s so thirsty, that fucking blue drink like fucking…fucking Cas.
Cas’ hand tightens around Dean’s in this hallway, but Dean just pulls him closer, smiling reassuringly. Krissy’s room is towards the end, and the nurse leaves them before they push open the door, telling them to come back to the main room when they’re ready.
Cas thinks for a moment. “Very hot. It’s similar to how my grace feels, but instead I feel you.”
Dean coughs, his cheeks flushing as he otherwise ignores the comment, hand moving to scratch the back of his neck. “Anyway, ‘round November Bobby contracts me for all the Christmas decorations the store does. You know, the windows, lights, the giant ornaments hanging from the ceiling,” he waves his hand as he begins leading Castiel through the maze of shelves. “Bobby mostly gives me free reign, and I’ve been doing this for years, sometimes I kinda…” he grins sheepishly. “Go overboard?”
“Just tell them we’re having sex and we’ll be out soon,” Cas says darkly, leaning over to pull out wads of paper towels.
(“What’s Disney World?” Jack asks.
Krissy makes a face. “You first.”
The time he spends with Michael inside his head is more of a haze than Sam prepared him for. Michael doesn’t seem particularly interested in torturing or mocking him, or even acknowledging that he exists. Dean’s never mastered the art of keeping his mouth shut though, and it’s not long until Michael starts burying him under memories he’d rather not relive again.
“Some fight you got going on with Cas,” Benny’s lip curls. “Thought you sorted that out.”
There’s an awkward silence as Cas tugs the tags off and Sam stares at him. After what feels like ages but was probably only seconds, Ellen claps her hands together. “Ham in the fridge?”
“Regardless,” Cas adds. “That was…” he pauses and frowns, like he’s searching for a word before finally coming up with, “uncalled for.”
Dean closes his eyes briefly. It figures. “What’s your name?”
“Yeah, okay,” she waves a hand. “But you know, ‘tis the season, buddy. I’d get used to that slip up. Gabriel said you have experience?”
Whatever. September was sucking the worst it had since Dean was forced to attend school, and Dean was handling it in the most manly and stoic way possible, because he was an adult, damn it.
“Are siblings always like this?” Anna asks Charlie.
“So what, you refuse to be the more mature one on principle?”
Castiel ignores him as they walk outside. They decide to get a taxi, it being too cold to walk and Castiel unenthusiastic about taking his brother anywhere near the L train and all the people down there who were sure to be annoyed if he even looked at them funny. Which Gabriel would, frequently. On purpose.
It’s not Cas’ fault, but it kind of is. Because if Cas could have just left them alone, none of this would have happened.
In the morning, he sees what they were talking about.
Right. So maybe this isn’t going to work as well as he’d thought.
Balthazar gives a delighted bark of laughter as Zach’s face darkens considerably. “I see your team has acquired another…impressive player.” His lip curls. “I suppose that’s good news for you, Winchester. You must get tired of having to wait for game day to get slammed into a wall. I suppose this one does after hours?”
Cas smirks and strokes him again. “I meant your cock.”
“Wow,” Dean laughs sarcastically. “That how you guys act in Russia? Sounds like a shitty way to enjoy hockey.”
Cas is no fun.
“Shut up,” Sam says, turning bright red as he slides in next to Gabriel. Balthazar appears almost as soon as he’s settled.
“I…,” Dean shuts his mouth and thinks over the last month or so. Him and Cas living together, him and Cas going out to dinner. Cas suffering through  Cupcake Wars and Dean leaving out the news paper every morning because the freak likes doing the Word Jumble in his head. “Shit.”
Rude wake up calls seem to have become normal in Castiel’s life lately. Before his alarm even had a chance to go off, his bedroom door burst open to reveal Gabriel.
“Why didn’t you bring a girl?”
Thank god for his family, because Dean’s not sure he would have been able to make it through dinner without their distraction. Realizing he still actually had an attraction to Cas, however platonic (Dean equates it to admiring a fucking painting or something – Michaelango drew some pretty buff dudes, and he wasn’t gay) was still something he didn’t like to think about, making it harder to sit next to him through an entire Thanksgiving dinner. His family definitely got him through that, with Bobby and Ellen bickering, Jess and Sam competing for some sort of most sickening couple competition, and Jo and Charlie trying to convince Dean it’d be fun to put on a costume a couple of weekends a year and sword fight in the park.
Sam sighs as soon as he sees him. “You’re not even dressed yet?”
Benny just groans, and Dean can’t help but smirk at the obvious problems he’s having with his stomach. “You alright there, big boy?”
“Dean,” a voice says quietly from behind him, and Dean turns slightly, watches as Cas clambers over the bench and settles down next to him. He’s wearing the hat Dean got him for Christmas, the ear flaps down and framing his face in a way that should look ridiculous but absolutely doesn’t. He looks gorgeous, and Dean would hate himself for using that word if it weren’t so accurate.
“Holy shit,” the guy says. “Holy shit. Really? This is insane.”
From anyone else the comment would sting, but Victor has been his teammate and right winger for so long it doesn’t even register as an insult. Dean punches him, hard, and is surprised to see Victor actually wince. His trainer would be proud.
“You’re probably gonna steal it anyway,” Dean says, watching Cas scrub at his hand. The glitter is fucking everywhere. He’s catching glints of it in Cas’ stubble, on his stomach, and he doesn’t even want to know what his ass looks like.
He’s bending over to take the faceoff when he hears “Hit him back, Winchester, you gayrod!” and his hand twitches, just enough so that he loses it. The puck gets passed to the point, then to Victor off on the left wing, who takes it to the middle before leaving it on the ice for another player to pick up. Sam’s there, and Dean knows the kid, with the puck, Jessie, draft pick traded last year because Bobby couldn’t help him with his tendency to shoot the puck straight into the goalie like he was always giving them a fucking gift. So he’s not worried when Jessie looks ready to shoot.
"So."
These wings had been his constant companions ever since he could remember.
"Yes, Dean, she's my aunt."
Stalling the attacker seemed like a good idea, so the Angel started,"This is not what I had in mind when I decided to become a superhero."
He turned towards Dean to say something, but his words were forgotten as he laughed at the sight before him. Dean had gone cross eyed trying to look at his nose, where a tiny raindrop sat among the vast number of Dean's freckles.
As soon as Dean found the keys to his Impala, they hauled ass into the car, which was warm and dry, unlike the two men seated on the inside of it.
"Sure, but I should warn you, I'm not a party guy. I'll probably just stay in one corner for the entire thing."
Cas yawned once again, as he noticed Dean looking at him with an odd expression. He tilted his head in question and turned his eyes back to the professor. He was feeling more tired by the second, due to the heat and the constant throbbing pain in his ribcage and foot due to the fight he had had as The Angel last night. Just as his eyes began drooping, he was woken up from his stupor by a sharp voice saying, "Mr. Novak!"
"He's pretty fucking stupid though. I'd steal from him too."
"Excuses, excuses. No offense buddy, but you really need to learn how to fight."
"Forgot my umbrella and got held up at the bank, Cas," Dean replied gruffly.
"I'm fine, Dean, thank you for asking. I had sprained my ankle a few days ago, but it has been healing well ever since."
"So you're not gonna ask me if I'm a plant or if I'm faking it?" Cas asked.
Castiel noiselessly stole up to the merc and snatched the gun out of his hand. It took the Demon only about a moment to realise who his new opponent was. He rolled his eyes and snatched the pistol right back from The Angel, who, due to losing his concentration, was visible again.
"She had a knife to her throat and you were busy being kicked in the nuts so I figured I'd step in to help a bit."
The two boys got out of the car park, walked up the stairs, and opened the door to the diner. The second he placed a foot inside the place, Cas was pleased to note that it was nothing like he had imagined. Instead of being old, smelly and loud, the place was small and homey, with a couple of booths near the windows, giving them a view of the road outside. The place was dimly lit by some yellow wall sconces and the posters on the wall gave it a casual, yet homey feel, which made it perfect for a first date.
"There's an armed robbery going on in the bank. We're not sure, but we think that it may be either the Demon or the Devil doing this," replied the Deputy. “We need someone to extract all hostages before we enter the bank to capture the thief.”
"I don't think I'm ever gonna understand you. Let's go, or we'll be late."
Jo reappeared just then, effectively cutting off Dean's rant, as she flourished their plates and placed them dramatically onto the table with an exaggerated cough, getting a chuckle from Dean and Cas.
"Cas? Weren't you with Charlie?"
"Is everyone okay? Do they need any help? I could ask Jody to send someone over to check up on them and make sure everyone's okay and-"
"Dean, I had to talk to her every day. She was my guardian after my parents died."
"Do you always dress like a holy tax accountant?"
"Ooh, someone has a crush," said Jo, in a sing-song voice.
"I'd love to, but please don't hate me if I step on your toes," grinned Cas.
"Huh, I guess you learn something new everyday."
So, what do we wanna do about this guy?," the Demon asked, slightly nudging the creep with his boots.
And that was how Cas found himself getting ready for a party in the late evening.
"But his job is stealing other people's money, how is that okay, Dean?," replied an adamant Cas.
When Dean suggested that they should leave, Cas heartily agreed. He scanned the crowd for Charlie, wanting to say goodbye to her, but unable to spot her, he let Dean lead him out of the noisy house and onto the relatively quiet street.
"So?"
He shifted his focus to the task at present: finding the cause of the police sirens. He stretched his wings and flew towards the source of the sound to see a few detectives of the Lawrence City PD surrounding a bank, forming a barricade around it.
Scratch that, now Dean’s never been so happy.
Dean winces. “Sorry man. I hear cops get a bad break. I’m, uh, a hockey player, so my time off can be kind of weird.” He knows he’s procrastinating what he actually came here to do by talking to this guy, but it’s not like he’s super invested in the conversation. He can leave anytime he spots a girl he likes.
She gets their drink orders (Cas still isn’t back yet, so Dean orders him an ice tea and steadfastly ignores Sam’s stupid comments). At the last second, he follows Charlie, saying he’ll help her.
“It sounds like a dream job,” Castiel replies honestly. Actually, it sounds like the kind of thing Gabriel would like to do. Maybe he would become Santa one day.
“What are you, a bunch of fawning girls?” Dean demands. “Cut it out, Krushnic’s an asshole. I don’t care if he invented the slap shot, I don’t wanna hear another word about him.”
He slides down to the concrete floor of the dungeon. And he cries.
before he’s racing to the other end of the ice and receiving the puck from Gabriel, who’d just made a save.
Krushnic tilts his head at Sam. “I thought you were telling me he was?”
“If it weren’t the Stanley Cup, would you go public?”
What the hell would it feel like to be on the receiving end of that?
“I refuse to look like a child, Dean.”
“Know the man’s got a few screws loose and he hates your guts to boot,” Benny says. “But any idea why he’s riding you so hard?”
“Prepare yourself to be gruffly babied,” Sam tells him as he shovels a spoonful of cereal into his mouth.
For the next half hour, nothing in the store must need fixing, since Dean deems it necessary to continue standing behind the counter by Cas much closer than is appropriate and singing love themed Christmas songs. Castiel manages to escape when Gabriel shows up to visit and immediately joins in with him, claiming it’s time for his break and only getting away with the promise that he would return as soon as he’d clocked out for his mandated thirty minutes.
“Told some snot nosed kid you were my boyfriend,” he says in an effort to make Cas smile. It works.
“Happy birthday,” she smiles, and for some reason that doesn’t really bother him either.
Dean snorts. “Only with trees,” he replies, grabbing the ornaments Cas is holding and heading towards the escalator.
Krushnic nods at Sam, “He turns his shoulder in when he shoots, so the puck always goes slightly left of where he wants it,” he nods to Chuck, “his hands are unsteady, he must have many turn overs,” his steady gaze turns back to Dean. “And you, you lift your back foot after your shot, like a ballerina. It will take you off balance. So no, not so perfectly good.”
On top of that, deep, deep down in Dean’s gut is the sickening feeling that he still hadn’t really convinced Cas they wanted him around because he was family, not because he could smite demons or heal them or whatever else it is Cas has himself convinced is the only reason they keep him around.
“No. I was being polite.”
“What do you mean?” Cas replies, and Dean realizes he’s been staring at him, and what he can only imagine is the extremely embarrassing look that just came over his face at the thought of Cas in the passenger seat of Baby with the windows rolled down and his hair ruffling in the breeze of open road.
“Dean,” he says slowly, hesitantly, “if you…if you’re having trouble coming to terms with something you’ve done…”
“You think Bobby does it to torture you?”
Bastard knows all he wants is to know more too. Fuck Dick Wolf for teaching him ambiguity. “Alright, so what do you wanna know? Tragic back story? Sobbing over my parents? Maybe throw in some child abandonment for flavor?”
Dean shoots his brother a look and Sam returns with a bitch face. “Maybe you got mugged on the way home, Dean, it’s not like you tell me anything anymore.”
“Ya kiddin’ me?” the driver snorts. “Ya fixed my cab, guy. No pay.”
Cas’ head pops up and he squints at Dean. “Are you blaming yourself for your concussion?”
“And miss baby’s first bisexual steps?”
He starts striding forward again, and the Leviathan scramble to keep up, to maintain the semblance that they are his captors, marching him to his reckoning, and not an entourage escorting a broken man to a gallows of his own making.
That… had not been what Castiel expected. “He says it’s magical here.”
It startles Dean into another laugh. “
If possible, Cas gets an even tighter grip on him. “Dean,” he says, voice filled with surprise. “Do you honestly believe we have no emotional attachment?”
“I’ve already talked to Bobby about it,” Sam says, somewhat placating. “I’ll go to Carver next. This isn’t good for the team’s image, and it’s damaging our ability to play correctly.”
“We just got in a whole shipment of…these,” Meg tells him, lip curling as she holds up a pretty doll with braided blonde hair and a blue dress. “Careful when you handle the fucking things, they sing. If I hear that damn ‘Let It Go’ one more fucking time, I’m going to scream.”
“Yes,” he nods solemnly. “I think I would like that.”
“I see,” Cas says gravely, setting the book aside. He stares at the wall for a moment, and Dean wonders if he can really be so upset when he’s still in this bed, trying hard not to follow the drop of water that dripped from Cas’ bangs and is slowly trailing down his clavicle…
Dean watches in amusement as Victor grins widely at Benny, making no effort to hide the food in his mouth. Benny snags Victor’s coffee cup.
“He might not even have pictures, Dean.”
About
When the door finally closes behind Krushnic, Dean throws the magazine down and scrubs his hands over his face. Not only is Krushnic an asshole, he’s got no social skills either. And now he’s Dean’s neighbor. Fucking great.
Castiel has gone back to staring at the clothes racks. With how small they are, he simply cannot imagine Dean or Sam being able to hide in them at all. “Were you two ever small?”
“You said there was a second reason for you being here,” Castiel reminds him, discreetly taking another sip of coffee before setting the cup down beside him and picking up his clipboard again. He’s not even halfway through all the dolls, and he would like to finish before he goes home for the evening.
It’s not as bad as it could be. The team has its own plane, so they don’t have to fly commercial, and it’s where some of their greatest bonding happens. They get to drink booze because Bobby can’t make the three hour trip without it, and most of the time they end up playing card games. If Dean ever made it to heaven, what happens on that plane is all he really needs.
The blonde’s hands pull back from the front of his pants, and Dean feels for the loss to his dick, he really does, buddy. He pulls his mouth away from Tessa’s, keeping his hand where it is despite her thighs clenching together now, to crane his neck to look behind him to see why her friend stopped.
As much as he’d rather have exchanged a couple of grunts with Benny and called It a day, he’s kind of glad Sam won. It’s easier to talk with someone who knows what you’re not saying.
“Depends on what you’re askin’ for,” Dean replies, twisting Chekov’s leash tighter around his hand.
The sound of the goal horn nearly makes him jump out of his skin, and suddenly Sam’s ginormous body is slamming him into the boards as he babbles excitedly, “I didn’t know you could forehand backhand like that!” Benny piles on seconds later, slugging Dean in the shoulder, and though he’s slow on the uptake, Dean gathers he’s just scored some highlight reel worthy goal.
It’s definitely not as bad as the official autograph sessions the organization sets up. Dean always has and always will love the younger fans the most, and here he gets a constant stream of them. Hell, some of them aren’t even fans and are just kind of trooping along because it’s what everyone else is doing, but Dean still loves listening to them, loves signing whatever random shit they shyly shove at him. When a little girl with a bandanna tied around her head giggles at his question about her Barbie as he carefully traces a heart next to her signature, he feels a flush of warmth. They’re doing good here.
“Jo, you cover Cas,” Dean directs right away. “Bobby can get Ellen, and I’ll trip Sam over as much as possible.”
“Oh, how nice for you, Zachy,” Gabriel speaks up. “It’s your special night when the captain actually speaks to you, isn’t it? Don’t let us interrupt the ass kissing.”
He doesn’t linger long. He scrubs his face and stands up, and he heads back to the rift. If Cas isn’t there, he’s staying.
“You should let him have a girlfriend, man,” Dean finally settles on. “S’you know, the normal thing to do.” Harry’s kind of weird too. Who knows the next time he’ll have a chance with a girl, even as a hockey player.
Dean practically throws himself out of the cab, almost falling onto the curb in the process. “How much do I owe you?” he calls as he tugs his duffle bag out after him, hoping that hadn’t looked as dumb as he felt.
“What was in the paper?” Sam asks curiously.
“GET A ROOM!” someone yells, and Krushnic looks around in surprise. Dean immediately takes a huge step back. He knows his cheeks are burning, even though they shouldn’t be, because it doesn’t matter what some asshole teenager yells at him in the middle of Six Flags, but still. He avoids looking at Krushnic again. “Fine. Let’s ride Batman.”
“This is bullshit,” Dean says, dumping his duffle bag onto the bench and angrily unzipping it.
Dean didn’t. He definitely didn’t.
Dean snorts. “It’s like twice his height.” He runs an appraising eye over Castiel. “But I could definitely use your help. C’mon, I’ll need my toolbox.”
“You got benched?”
A long blink, and then Dean’s lips curl upwards. “Can I get you to smile if I buy you a drink?”
Castiel realizes he has been measuring the pulse by tapping fingers onto the leather seat.
Small talk. One more language Castiel was never taught. “You and Sam are here for a case,” he says instead, as if he wasn’t sent down here after a full report and detailed instructions by Zachariah.
“You know,” Dean says. “This is the first time I’m bringing home a girl since I got back.”
Only when Castiel puts a hand on Dean’s wrist does he pause, tearing his eyes away from the demon knife in his white-knuckled fist to stare at the point of contact, then up to meet Castiel’s gaze. “If you rush in now, you will lose your brother forever.” The barely hidden desperation in Dean’s eyes, beneath the tight coil of anger, pulls at something uncomfortable and unfamiliar in Castiel. He fears it may be guilt. “Listen to me. Killing Ruby will not save him.” Dean balks at this, and Castiel continues before they devolve into argument, instead offering him Zachariah’s missive. “It’s not too late.” It is. “Sam can yet be brought back from the edge. You can save him.” He can’t, not if Heaven has anything to say about it. And the greatest lie of all, “I am trying to help you, Dean.”
His fingers snake below the elastic of Katy’s underwear, dragging through the coarse hair. “Isn’t it a sin to lie,” he says, not really a question so she doesn’t bother with answering, and anyway he chooses that moment to lift her thigh onto his shoulder for better access, so whatever retort she had escapes as a rough sigh.
within the beat of silence. “Just so you know,” Dean says, “that attitude doesn’t get more charming all of a sudden just ‘cause you got boobs now.”
Dean’s grip slackens, the knife clattering to the table. “I know,” he acquiesces. “I think you’re probably the only one who is.”
” Consternation drips from Dean’s tone. “Now that’s blasphemy.”
Later, in Heaven, Castiel spreads her wings and fails not to miss the thin leather jacket of a pastor’s daughter.
Where Jimmy’s hair is dark brown, Katy’s hair is a warm golden blonde. Her eyes are blue, her lips full with the gentle curve of a cupid’s bow. All features of an attractive woman according to whatever standards humanity has established in this century. More than that, beyond the shape of her nose and the arch of her eyebrows, she looks kind. Unthreatening. It is the only reason why Castiel chooses her over hundreds of others.
It makes her want to kiss him, so she does.
The surprised huff he lets out when she pushes him down onto the floor is more than a little satisfying. She has had him at her mercy before—he always is, even when he refuses to admit it—but never like this. Never with his mouth slick from her pleasure and his chest heaving from exertion. She lets him up only for him to take off his shirt. Her eyes drink in the sight of him leaning back, from the slope of his shoulders to the slight dip of his stomach, all covered in tanned skin marred only by the sigil on his chest and Castiel’s own handprint. She has watched enough humans admire Dean to know he is desirable, but it isn’t the objective fact of Dean’s beauty which snares its teeth into her chest. It’s that she knows this body. Castiel rebuilt this man cell by cell, atom by atom, and here he is, held captive by the thighs of her human vessel.
“No,” Castiel lies. “We need to talk. But not here.”
She’s surprised she doesn’t incinerate the motel room and everything in it. As it is, it is only the lights from the ceiling fan that burst, raining glass and particles of light onto the carpet.
, she wills him.
“I do actually remember your lectures on personal space.”
Castiel doesn’t let him go, but she heals the cuts from the glass as a concession.
“So, what, you guys don’t celebrate Christmas upstairs?” Dean asks, breaking the silence, his eyes still on the dark road. Headlights from the occasional oncoming traffic bathe the inside of the car and Dean’s profile in intermittent swells of white light.
The motel is dark when Dean turns the car onto the parking lot. Even the neon sign advertising vacancies and cable TV has abandoned its mission, fading in and out of existence before extinguishing entirely, leaving only the headlights and a smattering of stars overhead. Dean parks the car, and then there is only the stars and silence.
The guilt, for that’s what it is, tastes like ash in Castiel’s mouth. He can’t banish the memory of Anna’s knowing eyes under the light of a street lamp, something like pity or maybe recognition in her voice as she told him it would only get worse.
, though as an angel Castiel possesses neither of those. Whatever it is, it combusts, that same heat leaping from her skin, warmer than any hellfire.
Yet while there may be beauty to be found on Earth, bars in Mid-Western America are not a shining example. Thankfully he isn’t here for the ambience of the place.
“You enjoy this music.”
“You will not fail,” he says. He likes the way it sounds in Katy’s voice, genuine yet soft. Jimmy’s tone is too rough to be soothing, but for all of Katy’s youthful energy, it’s her kindness that shines through.
“Tell me,” he breathes into her skin, “tell me you feel this.” He winces at his own words, embarrassed perhaps at the naked honesty in them.
“Hey, no, it’s fine,” Dean says.
Katy may be as devout as Jimmy is, but she is also ten years younger and craving life. Eyes a similar blue, but the blue of a rapid instead of an estuary. Her long nails resting against black tights are painted a festive copper color, matching the charm bracelet that was a gift from her first boyfriend. The boots she wears have heels in an attempt to contend with her small stature, though they’re modest enough to escape reproach from her family. The length of her skirt is a similar compromise. No matter how often it is pushed back, blonde wisps of hair keep falling in front of her vision.
Dean pauses mid-swallow. “I did. He told me he’d quit.”
A laugh escapes Castiel. In Katy’s body, Katy’s voice, it sounds high and affected, more deliberate than an involuntary reaction.
“The creature you are hunting is called a Latawiec. Its nest is an abandoned warehouse near the town center. Perhaps it’s you who should update your info.”
—as Dean taps the steering wheel to the song. All music on Earth used to sound the same to Castiel, comprising only a fraction of sounds that could be perceived in Heaven, but he is starting to recognize patterns. There is a jagged pulse to this particular piece that is both pleasant and oddly familiar, a beating heart that demands to be played aloud.
“Don’t bail on me now,” Dean says as if he too can read minds. “Or I will kill your ass next time I see you.”
The vessel’s name is Katherine Bythell. She is the daughter of a pastor of a Baptist Church in Sikeston, Missouri, and to her friends she is Katy or, on occasion, Kat. She is closer to her father than she is to her mother, an austere, reserved woman with more fondness for her Miniature Schnauzer than for her husband and daughter. Each year, the family celebrates Christmas with the local parish, during which Katy distributes soup to parishioners and charms old ladies into forgetting their loneliness for one day.
Katy’s lips prickle where Dean’s touch has been. Castiel has done all he came here to do, executed Zachariah’s orders if not to the letter then at least in spirit. All that is left to do is leave, fly up to Heaven to report back and hope he can regain some measure of his superiors’ favor.
Dean’s gaze casts sideways and lingers, though what he sees there is a mystery. In the dark, his human eyes must barely be able to identify silhouettes and shadows. Even if Castiel could ever get used to this body, he imagines that indecipherable gaze would bring him right back to awareness. With the engine off, cold air seeps in through the cracks of the car with no heat to ward it off, and Castiel fights Katy’s body’s urge to shiver.
“Fuck, yeah, right there.” His voice is gravelly, his breathing labored. The physical evidence of his unraveling thrills her in a way fights rarely ever do anymore, and she ventures further, prying open the button on his jeans and sliding her hand inside. That, too, makes him bite his lip, as if he is holding back words, guarding them from her. She could read his mind and he would be none the wiser, but she finds it’s more satisfying to lower her mouth to his chest and tighten her grip and hear him choke out a sound anyway, a primal wounded noise, followed by fractured half-sentences that he grinds out like a reluctant secret. A litany: Do that again, God, yeah, yeah you’re getting it, baby, don’t stop, don’t—
“Just like that,” he murmurs. His praise emboldens her. She risks releasing one of his wrists to run her hands down his chest, slowly, observing the change in his breathing when she skirts a recent scar on his side, the way it falters entirely when she presses a thumb into the groove of his hip. The skin is paler here, untouched by the sun, and there is no rational reason why that should make her chest ache, right where Katy’s heart beats double-time. She chases Dean’s encouraging noises down, in the hot space where their bodies connect, and watches him bite his lip.
“Cas,” Dean rasps out. “Woah, hey—” It takes her a moment to realize she has pressed Dean’s wrists into the floor. The glass from the shattered lamp still litters the carpet, and in the middle of it is Dean, shards digging into his bare arms. “You gotta let me move,” he says, half as if he is calming a wild animal and half as if he is tempting said animal into biting him. His lips are parted, and she can feel him hard against her. In the dark of the room, the shadows turn his eyes nearly demon-black.
“You promised me you would stop him.”
or their
In Heaven, Castiel’s form is a thousand feet tall, with three sets of wings and heads to match. Here, in a motel room off Route 51, Dean runs his hand beneath Katy’s jacket to clutch at her hip, and Castiel would risk the wrath of Michael himself if it meant staying in this small, mortal body.
Dean glances sideways. Another car passes by, illuminating the gold within the green of his eyes. “Well we’re hunting one right now, so clearly you need to update your info.”
Castiel had always liked Matthew.
“Thanks for the vote of confidence.” Dean’s eyes lower to the table, and Castiel realizes he still has his hand on Dean’s wrist. Katy’s fingers appear pale against the tanned skin.
To his credit, Dean barely puts up a fight. He throws a few bills on the bar, shrugging into his jacket. “Motel’s not far from here. Sam’ll be out for a while,” he says, leading Castiel through the thrum of patrons.
And yet. Castiel understands Dean’s desire to reduce the world to a series of monochromes, his qualms when things leap off the page in full technicolor. Blood spills easier when it’s a monster at the end of your blade; the apocalypse is inevitable because God willed it so; and for this night, Castiel may as well be a pastor’s daughter from Sikeston, Missouri, or any other girl that leaves a little of herself behind in Dean’s memories.
In lieu of a reply, Dean wraps his hand into the front of Katy’s leather jacket. “This one’s got better taste than the other guy.”
“Zep fan?”
“It’s me. Castiel.”
Castiel doesn’t drink. He has no need for it. “Hello Dean,” he says. “It’s me.”
He wonders if this was how it started for Anna. To demean their Heavenly Father’s creation is blasphemy, cause for eternity spent in a cage like Lucifer. To worship His work over Heaven itself is likewise considered heresy, punishable by death.
Instead of following his example, Castiel appears into the room at the moment Dean opens the door.
Dean jerks back, spilling beer over his sleeve. “Shit. What?” His gaze veers wildly between Castiel and the beer dripping onto the floor. “What happened to the other guy?”
“I am not a girl,” Castiel says, unsure why it matters. He is no more a woman in Katy’s vessel than he is a man in Jimmy’s.
And then he does kiss Castiel, or Katy, as if the difference even matters when it’s Castiel who feels the heat of his lips. It turns out Dean kisses the way he fights, which is anything but a surprise when Castiel really thinks about it. Quick, capricious and relentless, all offense but with a teasing sidestep when Castiel chases him. Like this, Katy’s body, her voice, the jacket and impractical shoes are as familiar as Jimmy’s vessel was. Her body remembers these movements. It’s easier than expected to slip into the intuition that Katy’s vessel provides, and when Dean’s teeth sink into her bottom lip, Castiel copies the movement until Dean groans and buries his face beneath Castiel’s jaw. “Not bad for a virgin,” Dean murmurs, mouthing the words against the delicate skin there. “Or a Christian girl.”
