Tony could swear that was Steve’s voice.
He stared at the ghost for a moment, taking in his features, those gorgeous blue eyes seemed locked on something in the distance, or rather, something that wasn’t there at all. Afraid to lose the man to it, Tony hopped up out of his chair and clapped his hands a bit too loudly.
When he went to bed that night, Tony laid awake for hours, knowing that there had to be more that he could do.
“Your concern is touching, wait.
...Right?
“I don’t know! I just woke up in the snow by the edge of the lake, and I came running to find you as soon as I realized it.”
“Do you live here, too?” Steve couldn’t help but smile at the cat as he brushed up against his leg. He’d never seen the little guy around the tower before, but it wasn’t like it would be that hard to miss such a small inhabitant in such a massive building. Hell, sometimes he went days without seeing Thor or even hearing his overwhelming presence in the tower.
“Then don’t say it,” Tony interrupted with a pout.
Suddenly, the creature let out a bellowing roar, and Tony felt another jolt shake their connection. The images became foggy, like his copilot might be trying to rein them in. Tony’s own mind was reeling from seeing himself in what was supposed to be Steve’s memories, but Tony had never built a suit like that before. It’d be too small to fight Kaiju in unless you wanted to get smacked out of the sky like a bothersome gnat.
The idea came to Tony one day while Steve was quietly sketching in his workshop as he tinkered with some improvements to Barton’s grappling arrows. He was beyond tired of having to catch that dumbass out of midair because of his taste for freefalling to his death, and like hell he’d have Fury on his ass for any Hawkeye pancakes.
The blush was only growing deeper, and Steve waved off Tony’s comment, clearly not great at handling the attention on himself.
The drunken singing was replaced by the sound of wedding bells.
Tony proceeded into the house, cautiously checking his surroundings as he walked down the entry hallway. “Is anyone home?” he called out, honestly not knowing what kind of response he would get. There wasn’t an answer.
Figuring that the tone had changed enough to approach the subject, Tony decided to try asking about the incident with the art supplies in the attic. Surprisingly enough, Steve actually relented and began to explain how in all of the years that the curse had brought him back to the inn, he had never been able to touch his drawing set. Eventually, he‘d given up trying because every time his hand slipped through the cases, it stung just that much more.
Tony dragged his hands down his face and huffed a sigh. “Okay, so, long story short. My uncle-figure was dealing under the table to terrorists, and he tried to have me killed when I found out. Thankfully, it didn’t stick.” Surprised blue eyes were staring back at him as Steve listened intently.
As he made his way over to the elevator, Steve noticed movement under one of the cars and knelt down to check it out. When he peeked underneath, he was met with two big yellow eyes and a fluffy orange face staring back at him.
“J, I’ve got an idea. Start a new file.”
“What? You want a matching one?” Tony teased him.
“What? No! That’s not true at all,” he tried to defend himself, but internally winced when he recalled that was almost exactly what he had said originally.
“Do you have a gun on you?” Clint asked during the process.
He thinks about responding with some witty joke, but this… this is truly it. This is his last chance. A chance he never even thought he would get, especially after losing Steve on A-Day.
Tony wasn’t.
A loaded silence had settled over the two men. Tony continued to stare at the faded newspaper in front of him rather than find out what Steve looked like in that moment.
He started rattling off a list of everything that would have to be done if the cat stayed, and Steve quietly committed it all to memory.
If someone were to ask Steve why Tony’s relationship with the cat mattered to him so much, he didn’t think he’d be capable of giving an answer. Or at least, not a truthful one. He was just starting to parse it himself and still couldn’t really put his finger on it. All he knew was that he
...Right?
. And like, that had to be a good sign, right? But then—“
There was an awful clatter as Steve tossed his plate into the sink. “Why the hell are you still here?” he demanded, turning around to glare at Tony. The anger etched on his face resembled his look from their argument that morning, but with something that might have been a flash of pain lying under the surface.
Tony was about to fire a comment back at her, but his mouth snapped shut and he left the room without another word.
“I’m sorry.” Tony couldn’t quite bring himself to make eye contact with Steve in that moment. He cleared his throat after an uneasy pause. “Uh. Mine, too.”
“You know,” Tony’s brain was kicking into overdrive suddenly, trying to come up with a solution. “Search and rescue has come a long way since then. I can probably find a team to come in and search the lake for…” He gestured vaguely, the words not wanting to come out of his mouth. He didn’t want to think about the possibility that all that physically remained of the man in front of him was lying forgotten at the bottom of a lake. “Or I could design something… Something that would be able to scan the bottom and find, find you.”
When the azure images came into focus, Tony immediately spotted Steve’s doppelganger again. His hair was a bit different, but he was still all wrapped up in the American flag. Tony made a mental note to ask Steve about that later, along with the millions of other questions rapidly springing to mind.
“Okay, that’s— not gonna lie, that’s kinda hot, but are you gonna make it across the yard like this?” Tony asked teasingly, as he wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist.
“Oh, right. I guess that could potentially be a touchy subject,” he answered himself.
The corner of his mouth ticked up as if Tony had said something funny. “I think it was the vase that was on the bookshelf actually.”
“How’d you end up here in Whoville anyway? You don’t really sound like you’re from around these parts, but your accent doesn’t come through enough for me to pinpoint it.”
Which was why Tony was currently standing there, fully outfitted in his own drivesuit, about to drift for the first time with one Steve Rogers.
Not wanting this to become a pattern, Tony decided that maybe he should perhaps apologize for whatever transgression he clearly made in the attic. He knocked on Steve’s bedroom door a couple times and called his name, but there was no reply. He tried to turn the doorknob, but it was locked. Closing his eyes, he let his forehead
“Ah,” Tony said. “Well… maybe you should try again sometime? Not now, probably not even today, but just if you feel like it? Maybe something will have changed.” Steve seemed apprehensive, so Tony didn’t want to push him to try right then.
fixing it. Now imagine a choose your own avenger book. We’d really get a break.”
“Cap!” Natasha called from beside him, a minuscule delay recounted her demand in his ear. Later problem, he decided and braced himself for impact. The weight of the Black Widow landed in the middle of his shield for no more than a second before he pressed upwards for her to leap off of it. Grabbing hold of a drone that sped above. He risked an upward glance again, the lines had disappeared.
"The old iron man is dead." Tony's response was sharp and melancholic. He tapped the arc reactor strapped to his chest. A very specific code that only resulted in the hand of iron man crawling along Tony's skin.
Steve tried to feign nonchalance with a shrug, but Tony wasn’t buying it. Clearly losing his art was a big deal to him if the incident in the attic had possibly triggered his little trip back to the ice.
“He took the stairs, sir.”
mode. Tony wanted to just grab his face and kiss the tension right out of him, and he definitely shouldn’t do
“I’d like to do something special for you tomorrow…” Steve seemed kinda nervous, in that cute, shy way of his. “How’s dinner sound?”
Nearly out of ideas, Tony rushed over to the couch and pulled the blanket from the back of it, then took a breath, hoping that this would work. He threw the blanket over Steve’s shoulders, and… it actually worked. The blanket didn’t just fall through him, instead, resting over his broad shoulders like a cape. Tony carefully arranged the blanket so that it was covering as much of Steve as it could, even pulling it up over his head like a makeshift hood.
And honestly, Tony was downright thrilled that Rogers had been picked to be his copilot. He was the only one who had managed to match Tony one-for-one in the combat room. Rogers never put up with anyone’s bullshit, from Tony’s endless teasing to any of the bullies within the Jaeger Program. Tony found himself naturally drawn to the man, and even though they butted heads occasionally, Tony was captivated by the man’s dry humor and his drive to protect the earth from Kaiju. He might have been a bit vocal about his opinion on who should be his partner, but Tony needed someone who would help keep him on the right path, and for him… Steve Rogers was that person.
Well, that wasn’t ominous at all.
“Who the hell is that?” Tony demanded, as he pointed to the sleeping cat.
“No,” Tony firmly told the cat through the glass.
The old wooden box was full of drawing supplies, pencils and pieces of charcoal and chalk. He glanced over his shoulder at Steve, who was still rooted to the spot and looking just as furious as he had during their first argument.
“Oh, but let’s
“She’s tired of you moping,” Rhodey answered, watching them struggle with the sheet from the doorway.
what he had been feeling the past few weeks. Well, Bucky had always said that Steve wasn’t the best at dealing with his own emotions.
“At first, the dreams were just flashes, and I didn’t think anything of it with everything else that was happening then. But they continued for months, getting more and more detailed, and that’s when I recognized…” Steve trailed off, becoming quiet again.
for you.”
He was almost giddy with excitement.
have a cheeseburger, multiple ones, at that. Hey, did they have cheeseburgers back when you were alive?” It was painfully obvious Tony was getting on his nerves, but really that was just encouragement to keep going. “Possibly the greatest invention of all time, food-wise at least.”
the old man around here.”
But he kept watching (
He looks a little bit older, another reminder of those five years. For someone who’s been in a coma for the past five years, Steve still somehow manages to look good. Tony is trying to keep his eyes from wandering too much and doing his best to not focus on the wires still attached to Steve’s body. They’re a terrible reminder of what was happening to their beloved captain while everyone had thought him to be gone.
Part of him couldn’t help but still think that they should be using their last remaining hours together in a final attempt to break the curse, but if this was what Steve said he wanted, then who was Tony to deny him of that? Though… it might have been a tiny bit selfish of himself to think that not breaking the curse meant he could possibly see Steve again the next year. He had been pushing that thought to the back of his mind the last few days, but the more time Tony spent with Steve, the more time he wished they had together.
“Ned?” Steve repeated as he steadied the handshake. “Nice to meet you kid, but I’m still a fugitive. Technically.”
“Cap, I’m gonna steal you for a second.” He said, just loud enough so he could be heard while standing their “Safe distance” apart.
“Yeah, but it did.”
“But they wanted to hear you too.” Tony reached out his hand, and Steve took it without a second thought. He was pulled down to Tony’s level, then sat beside him. “Still scrambled?”
He felt a nudge from beside him and he glanced up to meet steely green eyes. “What? You two have been together for a year and you’re already bored?” Steve smiled. Nat smiled right back.
Don't worry it'll update sooner than a year this time. Maybe even... in a couple of days. Also writing has just been a struggle lately because i get so specific about perfecting it but at the same time that's why I started writing this in the first place. Low stakes, just chilling. We're all here for a good time and I shouldn't obsess. Anyway, I missed this story and it's good to be back officially.
He barely got “Oh my God” out before a minor coughing fit began. It felt like his first drink again. A shot of brandy at seven that claimed to help with a fever and chest pains. Fire went down his esophagus and settled in his stomach. An ache radiated into his lungs and his heart started beating faster. Just with the smallest of tastes, he felt nauseous and very nearly tipsy. Thor’s voice echoed in the back of his head. ‘
“Tony-”
“I think I want to retire.” The comment from the genius felt misplaced and uninvited in the conversation. It almost sounded foreign on Tony’s lips. Steve couldn’t find an answer to that before Tony continued. “Not right now, or anytime soon. Just… just eventually. I want to settle down. I want to have kids. But, first and foremost I want to be able to say that the world is safe for them to grow up in.”
“Nobody thought it would take that long.”
“I haven’t gotten used to this music yet.” He breathed. “Or the people.”
“I don’t know.” Steve forced the half-finished Asgardian and Earth cocktail into Bucky’s hand. “And I want to stay ignorant as long as I can.”
“When the hell have you ever been someone who wanted to stay on the good side of the bullies?”
Peter nudged the kid. “Ned, don’t.”
“Two steps forward, one step back.” He said with a comforting pat to Tony’s thigh. “I only lost about half of the fight and then the tail end of your speech.”
Something was wrong. Light shot from the sides of the blast like solar flares reaching across the stretch of the sky. The flares would move with the main source of light, refracting off of the sun when his line of sight crossed west just a little too much. Automatically, his eyes closed tight. The faintest ache began behind his brow bone.
This time, it was Steve’s turn to crack a smile. “Peter tell you?”
Slowly, Tony took the piece of paper from Steve and stared at it. It felt like the same type of paper that was in Steve’s old sketchbooks, and there was a drawing of a Christmas tree on it. It looked a lot like the tree they’d decorated the day before…
“Ever since…” Steve wavered for a moment, clearly having difficulty finding the right words. “Ever since that last fight, I’ve been having dreams. Sometimes they’re nightmares, sometimes not.”
So Tony did what he always did best.
When the drift initiated, it was like being dropped into a pool of memories, blurry images washed in shades of red and blue that slowly came into focus as Tony oriented himself in the rush of his and Steve’s memories.
decorated a tree?” Steve turned the question back at him, tone playful.
For some reason, Tony immediately felt his defenses go up reflexively. “Did you finally do your homework on me?” He asked, playfulness gone from his voice.
Listening to Steve recount his childhood made Tony feel strangely guilty. He had always had whatever material possessions he could have ever wanted, but the one thing that was always missing during Christmas was his parents. He would have gladly traded it all to just be with his mother for the holiday.
“It’s not an exact replica. Smaller, probably more lightweight, and generally not so clunky because it’s not the 90s anymore.” Tony started to explain without any prompting. “It’s got a few purposes. Tracking, in case he somehow gets out of the Tower or gets catnapped. It’ll help Jarvis know when to open doors for him on floors he has access to; if he waits in front of a door for at least five seconds, it’ll open for him. That way he’s not just cooped up or at our mercy all the time.”
“Is that me or the cat?”
After trimming the tree, the two of them spent the rest of the day just kinda near each other. Tony had some S.I. stuff to look over before the holidays truly kicked in, and Steve settled down in the same room, reading one of his dog-eared books. Briefly, Tony thought about getting him a new one, but he probably wouldn’t even be able to touch it. Would finding an old copy in nice condition work?
Quickly, Tony grabbed his phone and searched for when
Tony honed in on that last part. “That reminds me, if you’re only here for twelve days out of the year, where are you the rest of the time? Please tell me it’s somewhere warmer.” He tried for a joke at the end to break the tension, but it didn’t seem to have worked.
How in the wor—” He was interrupted by the sound of a door slamming shut downstairs. “The
“No, you don’t have to do that for me.” His voice was soft but surprisingly steady, all things considered.
Fury stopped by the Tower one day without announcing himself as usual, and Orion wasted no time in greeting their surprise guest.
There was a pounding in his chest, mixed with a fluttery pitter-patter, and his mind kept drifting to Tony and his breathtaking smile, and…
The god murmured something to the cat, who lightly bobbed his head as he seemed to be listening intently to him. Steve watched as the cat meowed back to Thor in response and wondered when the hell his life became so weird that this was somehow wasn’t even out of place.
How in the hell had things actually been simpler back when everyone had initially moved in and there had been a weird tension leftover from the helicarrier incident hanging over the Tower, especially between him and Steve. But somewhere along the way, the friction had faded into companionship, and some-fucking-how he’d become friends with this merry band of oddballs. And they hadn’t left Tony yet.
Tony couldn’t see whoever it was coming from, but the man’s voice had the quality of someone who spent too much time at the bottom of a bottle of whiskey (not that Tony would ever know a thing or two about
In absolute contrast to Natasha, sometimes he found Bruce taking naps with Orion curled up at his side on the couch. Bruce had commented that it was very calming, and Clint joked about the cat being some sort of “serotonin machine.”
On his way to his own room, Tony found himself hesitating outside of Steve’s bedroom door, hand raised to knock, but he decided against it and turned away.
He watched as Steve sat on the corner of his bed, the mattress dipping under his weight, and his shoulders slumped as though the weight of the world was pressing down on him, like he had the day he arrived at the Shatterdome. The way he folded in on himself made the man look so… small, as if Tony was finally seeing the real man behind the facade of one of the most successful jaeger pilots in history.
Steve’s brain short-circuit.
“How about you?” Steve asks, interrupting his thoughts.
“Both pilots are out of alignment.” The voice over the comm system was clear now. “I repeat, Stark and Rogers, you are both out of alignment. We’re shutting it down.”
“What?” Tony’s reaction didn’t really surprise Steve, but it still bothered him enough. “Tony, no, it’s freezing outside and it’s snowing.”
“Your little trick at the property line made a convincing argument, but my hypothesis needs a bit more testing.” Tony started looking around at the other things scattered across the kitchen table before settling on his cellphone. Well, it was worth a shot.
“Pretty sure that one in
Apparently that night was the beginning of a new habit of Orion sneaking away from the communal floor to hang out with Tony in the workshop in the middle of the night when most of the other residents were asleep.
he was too cute. Tony pointed a sketch of the woman. “Is this your mom?”
“Okay, just- just checking. I wasn’t sure if it was like a heat of the moment thing because we were dying or—” Apparently, Steve has decided to make cutting his rambling off with kisses a new habit.
happen?
“Yeah, that’s… that’s me.” Steve confirmed, running his hand through his hair like it might be some sort of nervous habit. “Hit a bit of a growth spurt.”
That seemed to help a bit, as the ranger clearly bit his bottom lip to keep from outright laughing at Tony’s antics, though there was still a weariness in his eyes that was unbefitting a man of his age. Tony couldn’t help but wish that they could have been born into a world that wasn’t on the precipice of destruction.
Steve looked up as Tony walked into the room, cradling a cup of fresh coffee in his hands like a lifeline.
“Riiight,” Steve drawled. “Don’t know how I got those two confused.”
When did
“But it’s necessary?”
“Maybe that’s because you’re running around in a t-shirt while it’s still winter.”
What the hell has he gotten himself into?
He cleared his throat awkwardly, suddenly a lot more self-conscious than he had been moments before. “I’m uh, single, actually. Not seeing anyone these days, uhh, man or woman, or anyone really.”
“There’s an appraiser who can meet with you this week, and we possibly already have an interested buyer lined up.”
After a few hours of working out in the gym and sparring with Bucky, Steve returned to his floor for a long, refreshing shower and a change of clothes. Usually this was the time of day that Orion would be in his room, unless one of the other Avengers whisked him away for the afternoon. He looked around for a bit and called the cat’s name, but he was nowhere to be found. There was a tiny voice in the back of his mind that was suddenly worried, but Steve ignored it because it wasn’t like the cat could have really gotten too far away.
Tony shot him an incredulous look. “Have you ever even had a pet? They’re like little gremlin children, except worse because they can’t communicate in human languages.”
“Y-yeah,” Steve managed to croak out, face beet red.
He found him in the kitchen, finishing up breakfast because, as Tony had come to notice, Steve was a morning person. Like, the kind of morning person who probably got up every morning and went jogging for
He shucked off his jeans and then just stood there, unsure of what to do now that he was all but presenting himself to Steve. Jesus Christ, this was a bad idea. At least he had left his boxers on; it was a bit too chilly in the workshop to be quite that brave.
Steve looked around at his team scattered around the kitchen and wondered how in the world he had missed it. He quietly watched as Tony and Bruce began interrogating Thor about the breadth of his understanding of other beings and languages. Natasha and Clint were doing their weird, silent twin assassin bickering thing while Bucky had scooted over to pay more attention to Orion.
, he thought cruelly.
Occasionally, he caught Steve sneaking glances at him, and it was hard to keep from laughing at him. He wasn’t doing a very good job of being subtle, but then again, Tony probably wasn’t either. It was kind of hard to focus on the work Pepper had sent him when Steve was right there. Though it was pleasant to just… sit together, stealing glances in whatever this was that they definitely weren’t addressing. Tony wasn’t sure when the last time he ever simply spent time with someone was before Steve.
Well, here goes.
“Yeah, I’m swearing on their honor, not mine.”
A bond that they were about to share.
Before Tony could protest more, Steve was handing him a piece of paper, face down. Gently, Tony took it and flipped it over to find… himself? It was a drawing of him bent over the table in the study, probably while he was working on stuff for S.I. the other day. It was so casual, yet somehow tender at the same time. There were fading traces of a smile in his eyes and lips, like he’d just finished laughing at something Steve had said.
“Will that be all, Mr. Stark?” She asked, tone edging on playful.
The Avengers were there when Tony needed something to ground him after his breakup with Pepper, something to keep him from falling too deep into the nightmares that kept him awake at night, constantly preparing for the next potential threat.
“Well,” Tony gave a humourless laugh. “I wouldn’t really call it
“Hey Stevie, word on the street is you picked up another stray.”
“Pep, there’s a problem,” he said as soon as she picked up the call.
Once the cookies cooled off, decorating didn’t go much better for Tony, despite having steady hands from all of the soldering and detail work he was used to doing on his projects. They were all turning out a little… wonky. Steve’s, of course, were all perfect, though he hadn’t really expected any less from the artist.
“Yes,” Tony answers, unable to keep the hint of annoyance out of his voice.
She sighed at him. “So what’s the issue?”
“Is it coming back now?” Tony asked, quietly, even though the answer was clear through Steve’s body language.
Did Tony have a cat? Steve couldn’t remember him ever mentioning one, but the cat seemed way too friendly to be a stray that had somehow wandered in.
“People who care that much are rare.” His face softened, and Tony didn’t feel like he had really done anything that made him worthy of receiving that look from Steve. “Sometimes ‘a lot’ is a good thing.”
“Well, covering the basics is always a great starting point,” Tony began, waving his hand as he spoke. “So, why the twelve days before Christmas? It’s kinda past the time for spookiness, unless you really are going for the whole ‘Ghost of Christmas Past’ thing. In which case, I have to say that I am definitely not Scrooge in this scenario.”
And everything froze.
This was one of Steve’s memories. Faintly, Tony can hear a voice saying something about being out of alignment, but there was another flash of blue before he could call out Steve’s name.
“Doesn’t seem too far from it.” Tony returned the smile, letting himself lean closer to Steve.  “We were married in one of those, weren’t we?” He paused, hoping he hadn’t just put his whole foot in his mouth. “I know they’re not
Steve placed a cup of coffee on the table in front of Tony, and he clung to it like a life preserver, inhaling the scent before downing a few gulps. When he blearily blinked the remaining sleep out of his eyes, Steve was just watching him with the barest hint of a smile on his face.
“Yep, but they didn’t actually need me there. I’d rather be here tonight, anyway.” He sat up to put his now empty coffee cup on the table then promptly returned to plastering himself to Steve’s side. “What are we watching?”
He found Steve in the kitchen, assisting Coulson with the clean-up from breakfast. Tony picked up an apple from the bowl in the center of the table and examined it closely before lobbing it at the back of the ghost’s head. It made contact, and Steve whipped around to glare at him.
Steve cut him off with a kiss that was so full of longing, yet so soft and tender, like he was trying to memorize Tony’s lips with his own. Tony felt Steve’s strong arms wrap around him, pulling him flush again the taller man’s broad chest. It was like Steve was trying to put everything he couldn’t say into that one moment, and Tony melted against him, trying to take as much of it in as he could.
That was fair enough.
“Why didn’t you feed the cat?” Tony admonished Steve one morning after his run.
“There wasn’t a whole lot I could really do when I was young, couldn’t go outside as much as the other kids on account of bein’ sick all the time ‘n all. So I ended up drawing a lot. It was a nice way to escape even when I couldn’t go anywhere.” Tony had noticed that any time Steve started reminiscing about his childhood, traces of Brooklyn would start to come through in his accent, and he absolutely loved it. Steve probably wasn’t even aware it was something he did.
“You’ve got this.” Pepper repeated, dubiously.
Tony stopped and gave Steve a weird look. “Who exposed you to Shrek and didn’t invite me?”
Clint rolled his eyes at Tony who had just walked into the living room.
. Tony shuddered.
On another day when Steve went down to Tony’s workshop to retrieve the man from one of his insomnia fueled workshop benders, Steve knew he wasn’t imagining the nearly half a dozen cat care blogs Tony had open on a few of the monitors before he quickly closed them when he noticed Steve’s presence.
Maybe start practicing what you preach.” The man barked a laugh in response.
Steve, who was apparently having similar thoughts, as Tony watched Steve’s gaze dart down to his mouth and the way the man almost seemed to lean in just a fraction closer.
The way Steve’s eye crinkled when he smiled at him entirely too fondly had Tony’s world going sideways, and god, he needed coffee, and he needed it five minutes ago because he cannot deal with whatever Steve was trying to hand him. Wait, Steve was trying to hand him something.
Orion was so sound asleep that his little mouth had fallen open, and he was softly snoring. Tony couldn’t help but smile at how sweet he looked completely at peace like that.
“Don’t you dare utter those words outside of this room or I’ll sue you for defamation,” Tony bristled, though Steve could tell it was more of an act than anything.
Tony slowly made his way down the hallway as silently as he could manage. He passed by a collection of what appeared to be old, faded family photos, probably of whoever owned this place before his father bought it. He was momentarily distracted by the photographs when he noticed one in particular of a tall, blond man with broad shoulders that had clearly been taken outside the house. Next to it, there was a portrait of a much thinner young boy, though he had similar facial features to the taller man.
Even though Barnes was no longer a pilot, somehow Rogers had found a way to bring him along to the Malibu Shatterdome. Tony was also fairly certain he had somehow guilted Fury into finding a position for Barnes as a trainer for new recruits, but Fury would probably rather lose his other eye than admit he had a soft spot for any of the rangers.
The shield was stopped mid-swing, just inches above the glowing center of the armor. Tony released the breath he didn’t realize he was holding in, and the bone-chilling cold began to fade away along with the scenery around him. He pushed off the concrete pillar to roll over onto his side, scrambling to get himself vertical again, but his limbs were unsteady and tingly, almost like they had fallen asleep.
Tony stayed silent as Rogers worked through his emotions on the subject. Clearly, this friend had meant the world to him, and it reminded him of Rhodey and the dread that settled in Tony’s gut every time his best friend went overseas into warzones.
, and he was looking at Tony from under those pretty eyelashes, and it hit him that he was so beyond incredibly gone for this man.
“Do you ever call him by his actual name?” Steve asked him.
. Damn.
And while the cat wasn’t allowed into Bruce’s lab, occasionally Steve would find the two of them in the living room doing yoga. Or well, Bruce would be doing yoga, while Orion did his own little kitty stretches on the floor next to the scientist before settling down to observe him.
“Being handsy is much more fun.” Clint winked and gave Bucky’s arm a squeeze before backing away and getting his phone’s camera ready.
“Think of it as a vacation of sorts,” she added, clearly knowing she was going to win this argument like she always did. “It’s been a while since you’ve taken one.”
That was definitely Steve.
Steve had been relieved when Natasha had agreed to help him put the little gel caps on Orion’s claws to keep him from scratching things. He’d been worried about somehow accidentally hurting the cat during the process, but Natasha’s very specific skillset apparently included expertly trimming cat claws and putting caps on them.
Of course, Tony immediately got up from the table and hurried down the hallway to see what Coulson was talking about. Sure enough, there was a framed drawing hanging on the wall that he had walked past at least a dozen times without ever giving it a second look. The drawing depicted a cityscape, and it felt oddly familiar, though Tony couldn’t quite place it. Maybe Brooklyn? That would make sense, considering Steve grew up there. Who knew if any of these buildings were even still standing today.
“Sure,” the man answered hesitantly, like he was still trying to figure out what the hell was happening.
“Nah,” Steve shook his head, the corners of his mouth turning down. “Dames used to look right past me. When Bucky would drag me out on double dates, he’d always end up with both girls not even halfway through.” At that he gave a small chuckle, at least.
don’t you?”
care about looks?” He gaped at the man incredulously.
was that?!” Tony was proud that his voice only broke a little bit. He slumped back into his seat at the table and pulled the blanket back around his shoulders to fight off the lingering chill from whatever the hell just happened to him.
With a sigh, Steve relinquished his hold on the door and headed further into the room. Tony slipped inside and quietly closed the door behind him, keeping a wary eye on his troubled friend as he did so. It didn’t seem like Steve was going to start this conversation himself, so Tony went for it.
No, no,
“Yup,” Steve replied, pushing himself off the doorframe. He gathered up the newspapers and books and stacked them neatly, giving Tony a stern look that told him to drop the search. “Dinner will be ready in twenty minutes. Be there or maybe I’ll find a way to stick around just to haunt you.”
Instead, he jumped up from the floor and hastily added another log to the fire, stoking it to get the flames stronger. “Hey buddy, no - see how warm it is in here? You’re fine, Steve, hey, you’re okay.”
And Tony saw an opening.
“Yeah, no. That was an absolutely terrible idea.” Tony confessed as he all but fell over when he let go of the pose.
He manages to choke out a wry laugh through the tears. “You’re like a damn cockroach, I should’ve known you were still alive. I should’ve—”
Clint turned his attention to Tony. “Since when do you claim him?”
“Holy shit, now you’re doing it, too!”
Steve hesitated for a moment before continuing, expression somber as he continued looking out the window instead of making eye contact with Tony. “The last year I saw him, he’d come back to tell me he’d been drafted and was shippin’ out for Europe soon. After that… well, I didn’t see him again after that.”
It… wasn’t selfish if it was what they both wanted, right?
Instead of waking up, Orion grumbled and shifted in his sleep, putting his paws over his eyes but resolutely not budging.
Thor, Bucky and Natasha were already sitting at the kitchen table, and Steve sat down across from them when he was finished making his food. He thought the chair directly across from him was empty… until a precious fluffy face popped up over the edge of the table, sniffing the air eagerly at the scent of food.
He asked Pepper if she could possibly find a way to delay. There were still a few days left before Christmas Eve, and maybe he and Steve would be able to break the curse before then. Tony just couldn’t let this happen to him. He’d call the whole thing off and keep the damn place if it meant Steve could have those twelve days of peace every year. Hell, the stupid place could be a vacation home or something.
“Fluffbutt over there is the new reigning favorite.”
Tony’s ridiculous childhood crush on Captain America was just rearing its ugly head the longer Steve lived in the Tower. It really didn’t help any that Tony had gotten to know
Finally, after what had seemed like endless weeks of tests and training exercises, Tony was suited up and in the conn-pod with his copilot to his right, preparing for their first drift together.
Steve sighed heavily before he began, weariness tinting his voice, “I shouldn’t have left you there after that. I… thought I would be able to control it, but you got lost in it instead.”
Once he was able to tear his eyes away from Steve looking absolutely gorgeous, he realized there were candles on the table, and music softly drifting from the record player in the corner. The food was already set on the table, and it smelled delicious, and Steve looked lovely, and it was all so much that Tony was at a loss for words.
Finally, Steve spoke.
Realization dawned on Tony after a moment. “Oh, hey. You’re the guy from the photo in the hallway,” he commented, vaguely pointing in the general direction of the photograph collection down the hall.
“That would make you my Watson, would it not?” Tony couldn’t help but wink at the man. “You do have a grand gift for silence, Rogers.”
“Well, I might,” Steve added with a smirk.
“He’s afraid of our cat,” Tony answered matter-of-factly. (“
rather than just the national icon. Somehow, Captain America had more than lived up to the stories his father had told him as a child: incredibly brave and sharp minded on the field, and true to his beliefs, almost to a fault.
The man was shivering, his arms wrapped tightly around himself. The usual chill Tony could feel whenever Steve was near him was downright frigid now, like ice seeping through the room. His lips looked like they were turning blue, and tiny crystals dotted Steve’s long eyelashes, as if ice were actually forming on them.
“You just don’t want me to use it against you in the future,” griped Tony.
this.” Suddenly Tony latched onto Steve’s wrist, like it’d help him stabilize his thoughts. He was really slow on the uptake this morning.
“Hey, Garfield, none for you.” Tony gently scolded the cat as he nudged him off his seat. His voice wasn’t too harsh, just firm and… affectionate? Maybe Steve was imagining that.
“He’s told me bits here and there, but it’s not mine to talk about.”
“Tony.” His beautiful blue eyes were bright with affection, and Tony started to lose himself in them. “I’ve been trying to get your attention for the past ten minutes.”
“And there it is. You know, I thought I paid people to take care of this kind of stuff.”
Steve let out a laugh at Tony’s silliness, his eyes twinkling with amusement. “That’s not even what I said.”
“Tony.” Steve turns his seat towards Tony and puts his hand on the shoulder of the armor. He looks into Steve’s blue eyes and isn’t sure if the poor lighting is playing tricks on him or if Steve is close to tears as well.
“Have you slept yet today?” The super angel asked with a bemused look.
“I’m just worried about you, okay? I’m here if you need me, Tony.”
“Captain, please allow me to introduce my daughter, Katherine St-James.”
“Of course not!  That wasn’t what I meant and you know it. . . . No, Pepper, I miss you.  I—”
“It’s nice,” Steve murmured. “Having you here.”
Steve took another deep breath.  Tony would be back soon and until then, he’d kneel patiently.  If Tony wanted him to kneel, he’d kneel.  If Tony wanted him to have a safeword, he’d have a safeword.  Even if he couldn’t imagine using it.
“I’ll take my leave of you, then.  Have a good evening, Mr. Stark.”
being able to touch himself was even better than touching himself.
Steve took a few steps back to look Tony up and down; Tony could feel the blush spreading down his neck to his collarbone. He dropped his head lower and resisted the temptation to squirm under Steve’s rapt gaze.
“So, don’t doubt that I want this.  I do.  I want to give you orders and see you obey them.  I want to see you kneeling naked at my command.  I want you to bend over and spread yourself open for me because I say so.  I want to grab you by the hair and fuck your mouth and I want to watch your eyes light up with lust while I do it.  I want you to tell me every filthy fantasy you’ve ever had while I hold you down and stroke your cock very, very slowly until you beg me to let you come.  I want to tie you up and tease you until you’re flushed and squirming, desperate and begging, over and over again.”
After a few moments, Steve looked up with a smile.
Tony sat on the edge of the unmade bed; it still smelled of last night’s frolicking.
like a ‘50s Dom.)  The others were perched on Tony’s chrome and leather barstools, serving themselves pancakes, bacon, and fruit from a set of platters Tony’d never seen before.
“Does Spock remind you of anybody?” Clint stage whispered to Natasha, glancing at Bruce and Tony.  She rolled her eyes, but looked indulgent.  Bruce looked rather pleased.  Tony smiled at him and took another sip of wine, trying to focus on the TV instead of . . .
Steve clenched his fists and his eyes darted around the room, up to the ceiling as if he could catch JARVIS in the act.
Tony’s arms tightened around him for a moment before he pulled away and said, “Let’s go up.”
“Yes,” Tony gasped.  “God, yes!”
(Damn it!) Tony hadn’t really expected playing possum to work on a trained soldier, but failure was infuriating all the same. Tony’s chest heaved. (What? fighting
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
, he thought for a moment it had to be a Sunday because Cap was cooking breakfast. But, no. Cap was wearing his dreadful khakis and a white t-shirt, not his dreadful suit and striped tie. Clint was shoveling a pancake into his mouth, Natasha was sipping coffee from a cup clenched in both hands, and Bruce was staring a little blearily into space with a tattered burgundy bathrobe clutched tight around him.
(Don’t fuck up.)
“You know, Tony,” Bruce said, drawing his attention from the other side of the table, “I’ve been thinking about the poly-aramid and maybe—here, can I have that napkin? Thanks. What if—“
“BAAAAAAA,” Hulk answered as he caught it, then threw it to Steve.
(Stupid!)
“Good,” he said in a tone of immense satisfaction.  (With maybe an edge of something fierce and possessive?)  He held Tony a little tighter.  “Good.”
Steve reveled in it, the strange privilege of seeing and touching Tony in this state, lax, trusting, half-asleep. Steve liked the thick lather of the soap, rich and creamy, with its gentle scent of sandalwood and something spicy he could only think of as 'Tony scent.' There was something satisfying about how grimy Tony was, the oil and grease streaking unexpected patches of sweaty skin, as if the pain of the last week had left these visible marks on Tony's body and Steve could undo that pain with a loving touch. It wasn't that simple, but if felt good all the same, like something pure and clean. (There's nothing wrong with us. This is love.)
“That’s all I’m asking.”
Tony wanted to say no.  He really did. He’d been in the middle of something damnit.
“Steve!” Tony said urgently. His hand fisted in Steve’s shirt to hold him there. (This had gone on long enough.) Tony cleared his throat.
“Fine.  We’re doing great.  Spectrometer’s coming along—it’ll be ready soon for if the creepy force field comes back.”  Tony finished off his coffee and was eyeing Bruce’s.  He grimaced. “We really should have a better name for that thing.”
“Would you pull up the Master Contract for me please, J?” Tony asked, voice a little softer that usual.
“Three!” Clint shouted.
“Then don’t,” Bruce spat. He slammed his fist down on the workbench, making Tony’s tools jump and clatter. The harsh clang echoed through the shop.
Tony swirled his drink in the tumbler. Steve’s heart was pounding and his body was screaming
“Mmm.” Steve let out that rumbling little noise again and reached down to caress Tony’s neck. Tony pressed up closer against Steve’s leg, then couldn’t resist turning to look at him.
Steve grabbed his sketch book and a box of pencils. He slid under the covers and propped up in bed with a pile of pillows at his back. He'd just do a little detailing before he went to sleep. Tony looked good as an ancient Greek.
“Thank you for being so patient with me,” Steve said softly, still stroking Tony’s hair. Tony wanted to say something to reassure Steve, but words were hard to find. Instead, he took Steve’s hand and brought it to his lips for a lingering kiss, trying to put all his tenderness for Steve into his gesture, his eyes. Steve smiled at him. “Thank you.”
So open up your heart and let
“Mmmmm,” Tony mumbled. He pulled the covers over his head.
“I mean, you do want to, right?” Tony asked vaguely.
Tony searched for a witticism in reply, but he couldn’t find one so he just said, “I don’t mind helping.”
Tony shook his head.  “Fine, just—tickled.  You have to be firm with them don’t . . . don’t tickle.”
“I’ve wanted to for a long time,” Tony added more softly. Steve’s face brightened.
at least a little nervous the first time, that’s probably a bad sign.”
greenery press
“Always,” Natasha said emphatically, following Steve to the kitchen.
for Valentine’s day.”
Tony pushed away his disappointment.
“and let them go,”
Steve’s breath caught.
“Yeah, great,” Tony said. “Good idea.”
“I—“ Rogers finally looked at Tony. His brow was still creased, uncertain, his blue eyes wide and perhaps a bit startled. “Ok.” Rogers took the coffee, then held it close to his chest in both hands. Tony drank his deeply, scalding his tongue, but Rogers just clutched at it and hovered. Usually Rogers seemed willing, or even eager, to take the bull by the horns and talk, but today (perhaps for the first time) he looked desperately like he wanted to flee and the only thing holding him in place was that cup of coffee.
“I'll try.”  A long pause.
(Seriously, is his
“I know that, babe,” Tony cut in, holding back an exasperated snort. (Ok. Rephrase this.) Tony took a deep breath. “
Tony felt the overwhelming, aching urge to apologize, to beg for forgiveness, but he
“Hey, it’s okay, Steve,” Tony said gently, “Why don’t you come inside, yeah?”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Tony tried to land on the damn thing full force, hoping to squash it. It rolled out of the way at the last second-- he missed its body and landed on its legs instead. The exoskeleton cracked and blood oozed forth; the thing chittered. Two of its remaining legs shot out and wrapped around Tony, pinning his arms to his chest. It squeezed. Tony shot one of his miniature shoulder missiles at it, but couldn’t get the angle right for a repuslor blast.
“Steve,” Tony groaned, struggling to get more friction; he spread his legs wider and drew his knees up eagerly. “Please, fuck me, take me,
Bruce and Tony both laughed at the much-parodied line.  Steve shot them a confused, slightly disapproving look.  Tony waved at him and mouthed, “I’ll explain later.”  Steve smiled and turned back to the screen with that rapt attention Tony was so fond of—and that Steve only gave to tv programs he particularly liked. Tony leaned over, leaning his head against Bruce’s shoulder.  Bruce smiled.
“They weren’t boring and they went well, but I’ll choose to interpret that as an expression of gratitude.”
(Oh, hey, speaking of trust . . . wanna talk about my contract?)
they were waiting for Steve, but it was obvious the way they all kept glancing over at the elevator. After all, they wouldn’t start without him. And pretty much everything was ready. Tony had hauled his badly wrapped presents under the tree a few hours ago. (Well, all except Steve’s of course.)
“Aww, don’t be such a spoilsport!” Clint took a long chug of orange juice and began again, “Best for last—‘Clint ‘Hawkeye’ Barton, looking dashing in a custom Gucci tuxedo, greeted fans and guests on the red carpet with the ease and charm of a practiced entertainer.’ Wait? That’s it? No simile? This is bullshit. I’m cancelling my subscription! I mean—“
“What’s with all the women in my life nagging me about financial reports?” Tony complained. “You! Pepper! Who’s next?”
“Me too.”
“The gamma level’s spiking!” Bruce said.
“Shhhhh,”  Tony said, climbing onto the bed and wrapping an arm around Steve.  “Enjoy the moment.”
“Always thinking of your stomach,” Natasha said with an eye roll.
“Here.”   Natasha presented him with a StarkTab and turned up the volume.
“Thank you,” Cap said, looking down at Tony with an uncertain little smile.
Bruce stood quietly, still staring sadly at the spectrometer’s incomplete data yield.  He shook his head and muttered once again, “I just can’t believe it.”
“Yeah,” Rogers admitted sheepishly, “guess not, huh?”
CREEPY AS FUCK. I’m glad we don’t have that serum. That’s some dystopian-ass shit.
The solarium was beautifully designed to feel like a Persian garden on a small scale. At the center, stood a fountain and a pool of water lilies bordered by flowerbeds; around that were gravel paths, where the tables were arranged, and then another boarder of flowerbeds and small blossoming trees. The north, east, and west walls and had a trompe-l’oeil of a portico adorned with a vertical garden of succulents; the south wall was one huge window looking out on the park. It was less glorious than usual—only a few of the flowers in bloom—but lovely nonetheless.
The lilt in her voice, the curve of her lips, the arch of her eyebrow all promised a shattering evening of mutual pleasure. A promise Tony knew she could keep. She’d hold him hovering on the brink, bound tight, begging and gasping and desperate for—
carte blanche and you want to relax with TV just like usual? Huh. Okay.) Tony gave an inward shrug, an outward nod, and a murmured, “Whatever you like.”
“So,” Tony said, “Have you listened to the podcast of Mirzakhani’s talk at MIT yet?”
“Aw yeah?” Steve asked, Brooklyn lilt coming out full force. He gave Tony a shy smile. “That’s good to know.”
Steve bit his throat and he came, dizzy and gasping; his body clenched hard on Steve’s fingers as he spilled between them.
“Look,” Tony said, “I’m not being useful and it--” (hurts) “--
“I told you I’m not interested, so,” Tony hissed, then yelled, “
,” Steve breathed his name reverently, like it was some sort of prayer.  He swallowed hard.  “Please.”
“So, what’ll it be? Workshop?
Tony stared at them.  Bruce was looking guilty and embarrassed (as he should!), but Rogers was entirely unapologetic.
“No, I’m working on something new.  Steve, I’m really—” He waved between himself and the projection.  Steve stepped away.
face?” Tony asked, waving his hands, “None of that face! Get out!”
“Sorry?” Steve said, looking a trifle concerned.
“Shit!” Tony heard Clint cry, then a pained gasp. Tony struggled to his feet, unable to breath.
“And I don’t think you’ve considered that a paramilitary presence is what would put us in danger!” Tony added.
"He won't be for long." Steve stood up reluctantly and made a beeline for freshly polished shield mounted on the wall.
"The cocky bastard I tolerated."
Tony mock gasped and Steve already knew what was coming. "Watch your language, Mr. Rogers."
“I think I miss the old Cap.” Tony hummed. “The confidence, the justice, the
“It took me by surprise.”
“Who would have thought that after all of this, Captain America gets taken down by drinking scotch a little too fast.”
“Okay?” Tony scoffed. “Did Steve Rogers just agree with me?” Apparently, the response didn’t sound like him either.
“Ladies and gentleman. Aliens and people of earth. Hulk and Bruce,” Tony began, gripping the spilling bottle in one hand and the cork in the other. “It has only been one year since we got all of you back. One year since Thanos disappeared before our very eyes. One year since
“Choked on ice,” The lie sputtered, but the point got across as Tony huffed. “I’m fine.”
“You know, that’s really ironic coming from you.” Tony took a sip from his drink, no longer making eye contact in hopes to defuse the situation. “You were made to be a weapon.”
“It’s not as bad with Nat.”
"They'd love to learn that Iron Man and Captain America are dating too." He grabbed the shield and secured it around his arm. Not for safety, but for show. A reassurance to the world that Captain America was back to socking Adolf in the jaw on weekends and for some reason not fighting the white supremacists who sit comfortably in Office on the weekdays. He was the dancing monkey again. "You bring back party animal Iron Man I bring back fresh from the ice Captain America."
He had almost forgotten about the picture despite it being mere seconds ago and what triggered the realization. “I’ve never been to Tahiti,” He said instead. “And I feel like reporters hiding in bushes may ruin the experience.”
“That bad.” He agreed. He forced himself to focus on the present. Lucky enough for him Tony made it all too obvious. Steve didn't have the heart to tell him it was overkill after the first 45 seconds. It was a cheers. An introduction to the new facility.
“No, but people don’t usually have horns or can ram into at top speed. Usually.” Steve looked down below them, all types milling about the closest thing he had to a home in decades. It was a new world that the two of them had been thrown into. A new world that supposedly progressed enough for people to speak how they feel. Sometimes progress is slower than expected. “Can I sit?”
"You gonna grab the hammer too, showoff?" Tony joked adjusting the suit sleeve over the arm that wielded the blaster. "The Daily Bugle would love that."
saved the world.”
But something did happen, and he wouldn’t have noticed it if he hadn’t looked up.
"Okay, okay, we get it," Clint called from the crowd. "The evil has been defeated and everybody has rooms at the facility. We can drink now."
The new lab took up the majority of the basement. It sat behind lead doors with scanners and locks making sure only those who are cleared could enter. Which only resulted in Tony himself, Bruce, Peter, and Shuri to come and go as they so pleased. Steve was still classified as a guest.
The edge of drunkenness he felt dissipated entirely as he climbed the stairs to the watch level above the living area. The party continued on below. The glass floor almost made the view look as if he was watching the party on a TV. It wasn’t a life he was ever a part of, just watching it from the outside. Constantly out of time and with all the time in the world. A weight settled low in what felt like his stomach. Steve could only hope that was just the alcohol hitting. He made it to the space he was looking for. A passage connecting the two ends of the glass areas. It was made entirely of dark metal decor and one-way mirrors. One the outside it looked to be a geometric chandelier of sorts. But there was one person in particular that claimed the space as his own. Quiet, blocked off from the rest of the world yet you can still view it. All without getting hurt.
. The way you swung the chair around and scolded kids in detention.”
“Mr. Captain America! Wow, I didn’t think I’d ever get to meet you after you were a fugitive.”
“Shit.” Steve mumbled, mostly to himself. The rays from Tony’s unibeam suddenly making tragically perfect sense with the addition of the moment of blurry vision. So it was getting worse.
“Yeah well, I think I left that Cap in 2012." The only sound for a moment was the distant pound of a rock and roll baseline from the main event. "I miss the old Iron Man."
There was a melancholy that hung in the air. Steve wasn’t sure if that was just his own feelings he was carrying or perhaps all who survived Thanos felt it. Like the world couldn’t help but carry the weight of the five years in between. Scott’s daughter grew up, Thor still went quiet when Thanos was mentioned as the weight of the people he lost weighed him down, Wanda still lost Vision, the list was endless. The world was supposed to be better, which it was in the most technical sense. But it just wasn’t good enough. And everyone could tell. No one more than himself and Tony.
“Okay, debate practice over.” Tony intervened, physically stepping in between the teenagers and Tony. “Pete, I’ll catch up with you in a minute, okay?”
“You could stop Sam.”
“Since I started dating someone who was.” The words stung in his throat. Everything just felt wrong. Nothing was supposed to happen the way it did. “If I came back from a mission without any clearance from higher-ups everything we finally made would be destroyed. The facility, our team. This isn’t a family I want to lose, Bucky. And I know I sure as hell can’t stop you from the mission.”
Peter reluctantly left his two friends in tow. Tony turned back to Steve, the inkling of true anger settling on his brow bone. “Cap-”
“He didn’t have to tell me. I’ve got eyes everywhere.” It was silent for a moment. “Harley told me.”
A smile crept up on the mechanic's lips. “Trust me, you didn’t miss much.” The smile faded just as quickly. “Lang is here. Maybe we can ask him how permanent the disorientation of extended time in the quantum realm is.”
The presence of the rest of the world magnified itself with the flash of a camera that the two Avengers immediately recoiled from each other’s touch in reaction to. The aforementioned camera and the reporter who clung to it caught their eye. He looked down carefully at the screen of the DSLR, and Steve saw what he assumed to be a picture too dark and in the wrong direction. At least that’s what he could make out.
“Don’t you ever get tired, Steve?” He continued. “All the quote-unquote superheroes here and we didn’t even think about calling a single one of them too, I don’t know, handle the small shit. It was just covering old tracks that your little band of merry men left behind to make sure you are allowed back in the country. Anyone of us could have handled that without a second thought. Hell, you did it without even being there 100%. It only got messy because it was
“Do you want me to-”
“Tony doesn’t know anything,” Steve admitted. “Hell, I don’t even know anything yet.”
“You didn’t see-” Before he had the chance to finish, the doors opened. Revealing a Hulk… Bruce… Steve still wasn’t entirely sure what the ex-rage monster wanted to be referred to as, behind the door.
“Hi, Mr. Captain America.” They turned to see Peter Parker as well as two other teenagers standing alongside him.
“Queens,” Steve said, the feelings of doubt starting to dissipate. The kid had heart and if he was the next generation of earth’s defenders then maybe things weren’t entirely as bleak as he thought. “You can call me Steve, you know that.”
“Everybody’s looking for you upstairs.” He made a vague over the shoulder motion.
“Yeah, well so did I.” He agreed with a nod. Tony shot a warning look and opened his mouth to change the topic, but the girl, MJ Peter had told Tony at one point, kept going.
The pop of a champagne bottle and a bright smile on the lips of his partner brought him back to reality.
More cheers, hooting, hollering, drinking. When they weren't cheering they were quickly leaving the conglomerate of superheroes and reporters to make their way to the food or find their respective rooms if they chose to stay the night. Tony didn't seem to have minded the interjection. Hell, he looked relieved. That thousand-watt smile faded into almost a grimace of annoyance. Steve could only shrug in solidarity as he watched the billionaire meander his way through the crowd. He stopped in front of Steve after waving off the advances of a journalist friend of Pepper’s.
“It would be less leaving more a vacation for an undisclosed amount of time.” Tony closed the practically non-existent space between them and grabbed hold of the lapels of Steve’s shirt. Steve’s breath still catches in his throat as if it were the first time. “After the court hearings for the Accords, I’ll buy a place in Tahiti. Just the two of us for a little while.”
“I’ll work on it.” He leaned over for a quick kiss that only escalated as the chill of Iron Man’s gauntlet connected to his cheek. The vision of the extras steaks of light coming off from the blasts flashed in his mind. Automatically, Steve pulled back, holding onto Tony’s wrist. “Did something get damaged today? I didn’t see you get hit but-”
