so badly, it
The fourth time Tony comes to visit Steve, his clothes are ripped and torn, his hair smoking behind him. He looks like he  stepped off an micrwave. Steve feels a hysterical laugh bubble up from somewhere deep within.
Now, Steve smirks, “What a show,” he breathes, something dreamy, something awed.
They’d projected, however pointlessly, (as all of their friends had already known, Steve also suspected that there had been some money being exchanged, Tony definitely knew more about it than he admitted) the persona of ‘Best Bros’ for so long, that spanking Tony with a paddle felt borderline indecent. Steve held the paddle limply in his hand and Tony lay awkwardly on the bed, covering his non-existent modesty up with blankets.
There was nothing about this that wasn't overwhelming and suffocating. He'd suddenly remember just
It had never occurred to him that maybe they didn’t want his half-assed help.
“It was,” Tony says in response to Thor's question, pushes off from the ledge behind him. Battles were always great once won. The arrogance of success. Invincibility was a very good feeling. Tony would know that better than most.
not have bothered with waking up this morning at all.
remain entrenched in the forefront of his mind obstinately.
He couldn’t even market it right.
To think of Sharon. Her soft lovely blonde hair, and the way she smiled, the way she’d rest her head against his shoulder, the curve of her waist fitting into Steve’s palm. The way she’d hold his hand in a grip almost as strong as his own.
The armor around him seemed to stare at him accusingly, blaming him for what they’d been used for. He'd planned to be a hero when he’d put it on on all those years ago, idealistic and dreaming about saving the world. Now he'd crossed the realm of run-of-the-mill villains, and entered the prestigious territory of genocidal maniacs. He rubbed his hands together, the chill from the metal tables seeping into his skin. He had always kept his lab a few degrees short of comfortable - he’d never felt cold or disjointed though, not in this place - more home than the spacious towers and vast mansions.
He walked into the room to TV static and sighed, walking toward it instead. The TV cast blue-grey light directly onto Steve’s face and Tony wondered how Steve was sleeping. His senses were very sensitive due to the Serum - the light would definitely have annoyed him. Tony switched the TV off, plunging the room into darkness. Tony irrationally felt his stomach clench. He had always been afraid of the dark, that was no news, but really, Steve was there, and it was a cozy cottage. What could go wrong?
Steve wouldn’t sell his soul to save the world. Tony knew that; he had always known that.
“Give him time” Carol had said, looking down; war and all, they'd both made up pretty easy. Fifteen phone calls, hundred texts, and Carol having family problems had put them both firmly back together. Thicker and tighter than
. Does he care? Not even a little.
Tony turns around in his arms, “You took too long to get here,” he teases, runs a hand down Steve’s lovely chest to take away any imagined sting, “I got lonely.”
The gravel on the road stretches for miles ahead of him, his bike jerks and groans - overworked.
—————
warned Steve a million times over about it, after all.
Thor bends down, eye level with Steve and Tony, his breath blowing hotly between them.
boneless. He tries to empty his mind like he had been taught repeatedly, and Steve had
Steve sets a palm over his nape, turning his head to rest on Steve’s chest again. He can’t bear to look at Tony sometimes.
He grabbed his collar frantically and tore the shirt off himself, standing half naked in the bathroom. He wondered absently what he’d look like to a passer by. An idiot standing in the bathroom half-naked staring, horrified, at his own reflection. Glowing black wires covering every inch of visible skin.
Tony, the parts that mattered, at the very least.
He stopped. Head in his hands. “But it did. It got
“You scared me!” He gasped out with a groan, running a hand over his forehead. Steve gave him a sweet, guileless smile, and Tony as ever went weak in the knees. He stepped forward willingly as Steve pulled him close, resting his blond head on Tony’s stomach. Tony smiled down at him, sappy, gently running a hand over his hair. He was growing it out again, Tony noticed, as Steve snuffled contentedly.
“Situations around a person make them who they are,” Tony agrees.
The second time Steve and Tony try to do something adventurous, they’d been having sex for a while. This time they’d make it work. Obviously.
Moreover, what did Thor possibly have to regret? The smug fiend that he was!
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
since Tony had smiled like that.
Tony walks away when Steve calls him a tyrant.
Tony feels his skin heat, “Why didn’t you say anything?” he demands.
for her to leave. This random woman and her laughing eyes, and movie star exposition. He gets up to usher her out.
“Trust will come with time,” he says, his fingers smoothing over Steve’s chest. “It might take a while,-”
He even grins a bit as tears sting his eyes.
Tony nods. “It’s okay.” he says like he’s ready to shoulder the burden of Steve’s cruelty for him, he wipes his face again, with his tender wrist, the bottom of his lip still caught in a painful swell, “It’s okay,” he repeats.
Steve wakes up in a hospital some two weeks later. Maria Hill looks down at him worriedly.
—————————
Tony shifted uncomfortably on the ratty couch. When all of this inevitably went wrong, he wanted it filed that this had not been his idea. He wiggled his feet between Steve and the inside of the couch insolently. Steve glared at him. Tony ignored him. Tony hadn’t insisted Steve come to the conclusion that a tactical retreat was needed, nor had he invited him to sit on  a ratty couch and watch lame TV in the middle of nowhere. Though, to be fair, Steve hadn’t either. That was all Thor. Again, when all this inevitably went wrong Tony wanted it on paper that he’d had nothing to do with it.
——————————
Steve mouths at his skin, tongue laving in proprietary curls beneath his ear. “Did you start without me, Dearest?” he asked, his arm sliding down to thumb at his nipple, almost absentmindedly.
In the lovely bedroom, furnished with deep reds and browns, they exchanged lingering kisses: between changing into pyjamas, between brushing their teeth, before getting under the sheets. Steve pulled Tony close to him on the King-Sized bed, and Tony sighed in contented bliss. There were no fireplaces or dark corners or dangerously large wardrobes in the room. Tony snuggled into Steve, feeling a kiss being placed on his head before he drew back to see Steve’s lips curve in a small smile. “About those shoes” he began smugly.
Steve Rogers: Gratification be thy name.
Distantly he heard heavy footsteps, Ty’s steel capped boots slamming the floor into submission. With a low moan, Tony opened his eyes, awareness reasserting itself. He pushed Rumiko away horrified. She no longer looked beautiful. Her hair was in tangles, her clothes as ripped and torn as the day she died, her skin as sallow and cold as a corpse’s. Before her confusion could turn into anger, Tony scrambled to his feet and ran.
Yes. That would go by swimmingly.
eyes dark in promise.
Steve hmms, “So, Thor was my replacement?” he shakes his head in amused contentment. Tony’s heart flutters in his chest: it’s not novel, this feeling, this pervasive love for a soul so close to his own. He’s faced a million battles in Steve’s side to know,- “You could never be replaced, not even by a God.” Steve looks satisfied, a little validation for his own brand of ego: Steve had no fear of Tony’s promiscuity, he feared replacement - rejection. Tony had chosen far too many things over Steve in the past few years to belay that fear honestly.
Much later, riding the bike, Steve wonders if Tony left a message.
He smiles and leans back, the water flicks taunting over his skin - lets his head roll to the side, lose on its neck, eyes half-lidded. It’s a pleasant, luxurious thing -
He looked at Steve. Alive and strong and full of life, certainly not bleeding to death in this god-forsaken cottage. Steve was staring at him, pale and terrified and obviously so
Steve took a sip of some of that terrible beer Sam had gotten, less for wanting to drink and more for wanting to have something to do with his hands. Stark looked at him covertly, as though sneaking a glance and rapidly turned his head away when Steve noticed, peeling the label of his own bottle, which he still hadn’t drunk from, and that wasn’t even the start of everything strange he had seen that day. Steve couldn’t help but feel he was being compared to a certain standard and found wanting. Terribly.
Steve deserves this. Steve deserves much worse.
He could talk to Tony about that; or any of his super smart friends.
He flings the bike keys on the bed. This, was Steve's home; His home smells of cigarette smoke, sweat, booze and sex. It's supposed to smell of Jarvis' cookies, and be filled with the team's banter. But that's the home of Captain America. Who lived amongst heroes and legends, and could share in their talks and lead with an example. This is
Sometimes, Steve had good days. He'd go to sleep with a small self motivating speech to himself, and wake up optimistic.
——————
The first time Tony comes to visit Steve, he’s resplendent in his golden armor. He walks to Steve with the confidence of the conquering victor; doubtless, arrogant,so sure of himself.
wide. All Steve's.), Steve runs a fond hand through his hair. Tony whines and Steve obligingly flicks a nipple. Tony bucks and trembles in response.
for you.”
When Steve broke into his lab, eyes alight with fury, Tony only regretted he hadn't solved the problem first. He didn’t stop the taunt even as it came to his lips. 'Do you want to talk about it?' he asked with all the innocence and hurt pride of a five year old.
Pepper had given Tony an understanding - but not quite look before they left. Tony wished he had something nicer to say to her. He nodded  to her politely, and shook her hand.It felt painfully formal until she gave a broken laugh, her eyes shining - with pride? . She’d always been so graceful, worth so much more than what Tony could give her, She had deserved better than him, but then again so did Steve, and yet...
The tree branches rustled against ice-encrusted windows, and Tony shivered. This place was just creepy.
rules.
It’s an ugly, guilty thought, more befitting the Hydra Supreme than the Captain.
If only he could reach the ring under his pillow.
Tony gasps, body curling into himself as Steve kissed his hole.” Thor laid a heavy hand on Tony’s stomach, “Do not look for Revelation elsewhere my friends,” he assured, “I am
as he did. “Never,” he whispers against Tony’s hair. “They still don’t trust you.” he knows how unnecessary this is, the casual savagery of it all.
Tony being in a coma, and Steve wishing he’d wake up is a frighteningly normal thing in their lives.
—————-
Tony’s lips curved into a smile as she lowered herself onto his lap. She leaned down and kissed him sweetly, gently running her tongue over his lips. Tony opened his mouth all too readily for her, burying himself in her warmth. Tony's mind was hazy, filled with Rumiko's perfume, the feel of her hands in his hair.
Steve closes his eyes and pretends that Tony leaving him behind wasn’t something he was used to.
Steve thinks there was once a happier time when he and Tony could speak their minds and not cover in fear of the other’s thoughts.
They accommodate him. The lovely sweet beings that they are, they don’t say a word. Steve goes back to eating him out, and Thor holds the hand that Tony splayed over his stomach: a gentle, sure grip.
Tony was so close, he was
Tony could almost convince himself everything was as it had once been, rolling around the gym mats with Steve like overgrown puppies, laughing - their bodies slick with sweat. If Tony strained hard enough he could hear Jan's cheerful voice, Hank's quite muttering in his lab.
“One cannot forget a concept so easy.” Tony smirks, shrugging away past grievances, “I’d lay fault with you both if you did.”
Tony shivers, Thor’s voice crackles like thunder - coiling over his hair, static electricity, strong enough to burn him down. “He’d have you here, you know,” Thor mused, “In the water, right before me.” Tony trembled. “He’d have you out in the kitchen, where any of our esteemed colleagues might stumble onto you. Iron Man with his legs in the air, so very generous - as only you could ever have been.”
He hugs Tony back, locking his wrists together over the soft dip of his spine. The constant teeth grinding fear and grief fading to almost silence, he could never have peace (
Realistically, Steve knows it's stupid. In a few months time, one of them would probably get mind controlled. Or the world would end and Steve and Tony would have a huge fight that left Steve's fists aching to punch someone, and Tony brain-tired with guilt, and mouth twisted in the apologies he tried not to mean, because Tony would
in his arms like that. Steve would never let anything come between them, ever again.
Steve looks confused. Hair adorably mussed, “What you could be,
, and his body would curl, the air around him would feel recycled and stifling.
————————————————
Stark looked at Steve incredulously. “You’re fighting already? You’re barely what 30?” he asked, “Even Steve and I didn’t start fighting until much later.” He rolled his eyes and ran a hand through his hair, messing it up, rubbing a frustrated hand over his face. “What happened?” he repeated. “And don’t give me any of those Steve Roger’s standard stoic spiel.”
, but it wasn’t
Steve curls into Tony in the bed, gently tracing his fingers. He takes Tony’s hand in his own and kisses his knuckles.
Tony is sitting on the antique dinner table, with his legs hanging off the edge, as Steve brings out a bottle of champagne. He smiles as Steve pours the champagne into an ornate flute, raising an appreciative brow at it. Steve bends down just-a-bit and kisses Tony's forehead.
----------------------------------------------------------------
Not that he was counting.
There’s something different about Tony too. He clings to Steve like a child, holding his hand just as tight.
Steve held up one of Tony’s fluffy iron man slippers apologetically; it was burnt completely and hung sadly from Steve’s hands.  He must’ve made a distressed sound, as Steve’s face fell as though this was all somehow his fault.
walls, and Steve should
for a tactical retreat in fucking Rome.
. All the more alluring for all the hoops people jumped through to get to her.
humanity to Thor's heated gaze.
Maybe putting on a show for a friend would have been more embarrassing, but Thor had known Tony since he was twenty-one years old, and clothes had always had the bad habit of disappearing in Tony's general vicinity. Shame was a distant utopia. He skirts his hand up his throat, let the other reach back and sink into his hair, grabbing a fist full, pulling it back - exposing his all too vulnerable-
in your acquaintance that you've tried to kill him; and only one of those times was it mind control.
After stoking the fire Tony turned around, unexpectedly coming face to face with Tiberius Stone. Tony gasped, backing away rapidly, grasping for the hot poker he had just used. Ty knocked it away with a booted toe.
Osborne beats Tony up on National Television.
They decide to leave, retreat is the official story. Vacation is the real one.
The worst part, Steve thinks - would always be the smell, lingering at the tip of his nose. Not the fluorescent disgusting lights. Not the skittering of the rats. Not the screams of whichever poor schmuck who’d been dissected for all of them to bear witness.
He'd called him handsome.
Tony woke up slowly. He nuzzled into the soft warm skin beneath him, comfortably warm for the first time all day, and rubbed his eyes. Steve had one arm thrown over Tony’s shoulder, and the other resting softly at his nape. Tony stifled a small smile, gently pushing away from 250 pounds of gorgeous super soldier and slipping his feet into the fluffy red and gold shoes he had insisted on bringing along. Steve had sulked over them all the way to the cottage.
At another look, he scampers off into the lobby, taking Steve’s hand and  pulling him away from a large painting he had been staring at. Did Steve like paintings ? Tony doesn’t remember. He’d buy it for Steve if he could. Maybe he just needs to figure out how.
Tony leaves after about an hour of awkward silence.
is honestly not worth the effort.
His skin tingles pleasantly as he runs his arm down the length of his body, down his chest, over the sensitive skin of his stomach, let’s his knuckles trail over the skin at his lower back, to play his fingers over the curve of his ass, between the cheeks to feel where he is gaping: open and loose. Thor had played him like an instrument: a chord, a string for every note he dared tease away from Tony’s mouth. Like it was a great privilege - the greatest of them all. Like Tony was a Stradivarius and Thor: Antonio; the violin - the pinnacle of all his achievements.
Before, when Steve had been young, in
Duty called for Steve as well. The world may have been ending, but aliens could clearly not get their shit together.
He’d always been so good at engineering his own destruction.
“You are too far,” Steve says, lays a hand enclosing Tony’s cock almost entirely in his own massive palm, “You cannot claim victory if you’re too late to the battle Thor.” Steve grins, and rubs his hand down, squeezing, almost massaging Tony’s cock. Tony moans, pushing his hips frivolously into Steve, almost painfully hard in his hand. Thor grins back, both of them ignoring Tony; predators circling around each other. It’s almost adorable: for how unnecessary it is.
It was foolish thinking that had led Steve to believe that things could just go back to normal.
Tony stumbled into the kitchen, hands shaking almost imperceptibly within his pockets. He'd had one of those, 'almost there but not quite moments' of scientific discovery. Usually, these would invigorate him, and he'd be talking about it a mile a minute, gesticulating wildly to anyone who'd listen. Now, well, he’d doubted whether Superheros would be interested in all the different creative ways one could potentially blow up a planet.
Rumiko and Ty showed up at the door, no longer running. They walked towards him with the assurance of a predator that knew it had won, had already conquered its prey. Rumiko sat at his back, petting his hair in mock gentleness, while Ty moved to his front; he always had to call the shots, Tony thought bitterly. And everyone else had better play by
Tony looked up. Steve was smiling at him, one of his ‘golly geese, I adore you’ smiles. It usually made Tony feel warm inside, a tender feeling curling around him. Now, all Tony felt was intensely lonely. Not brutal enough for the Illuminati, certainly too brutal for the Avengers. Where did that leave him? He'd have gone to Steve, usually. Steve knew the feeling of being displaced better than anyone. And he would have, if he could have brought himself to look at Steve without doing something he knew he'd regret. Like getting drunk, constructing a world killer, telling Steve the truth.
Despite his words, Stark looked even more bitter now. Had Steve lied about Howard and Maria again? “Of course, then tragedy struck, and now we have…- I have crossed some lines I can never...” he stopped, rapidly wiping his eyes, Steve looked away, politely.
He mouths at Steve’s shoulder, keen and soft.
In reality, he only has bruise littered golden skin shying away from his touch, and an all too awake Tony talking to Steve like he had all but a restraining order on him.
Steve hadn’t left Tony’s bedside since he had awakened. He’d let the others decide what was to become of Tony. For now, he’d just luxuriate in his presence. He took Tony’s hand in his own, tracing the scarred knuckles he had just kissed a few days ago. With Tony gone, it had felt like a lifetime.
The armour opens and Tony steps out; graceful, if slightly wobbly. Steve is relieved. The world needed at least one of them up and running. He takes his helmet off and turns off the engine, walking forward.
He sags in defeat, casting a look at his bed companion. A dark haired, grey eyed man - boy really, he'd met in a bar the previous night. Mercifully, he remains asleep. He looks back at the takeout soiled floor, the carpet a lurid red color from the food.
Its not that they won't, its that they can't.
——————-
He dully scrolled through himself and Steve, blinking the holograms out of view, bringing forward a blank screen. He placed Reed’s notebooks and data, with meticulous care, on the table.
This time Steve didn’t even bother taking off his pajamas. When Tony inevitably squealed like he had that
How far could one go to survive? Was murder justifiable if it was done with the proverbial ‘greater good’? Killing a world to save another? Things like these were too massive, too all-consuming for the frailty of the human mind to process. Lies and beliefs helped them believe they were a smaller part of a structural whole. That personal integrity would keep the building together - and it would, to a remarkable extent, Tony would admit to that, at least.
time when Steve had
Tony smiles, pulls his hands off his body, slides into Thor’s lose grasp, “On the contrary, Thor, - I always need to ask.” Thor smiles at him, an achingly fond look in his eyes, “Have we not gotten past this?” he murmurs into Tony’s lips. “This- this banal need to ask each other what we think? Do we not know each other better?” Tony lays his head over Thor’s chest, “We do” he agrees, “But times like these, people like us,-” Thor’s arms tighten over Tony’s body. It may have been years, but fights amongst lovers always tended to leave its mark. “We do not need to remember weaker times,” he says.
Steve leans by the wall, legs stretched insolently. Challenging him, so firm in his own beliefs.
“We finally cornered you both by the Afghanistan border. It was almost too late.” She looks at him and responds to the unasked question. “We don’t know where he is. He wasn’t there when we arrived.”
Happy Hogan smiled reassuringly at Tony, pulling him behind him with a soft “This way Boss”.
He buries his face in Tony’s hair pulling him up his body. Tony scrambles but settles.
He slept with a gray-eyed redhead, that night. He was nothing like Steve, hard where Steve would be soft, relentless where Steve would be tender. He had been good though. Tony almost regretted it when he kicked him out.
Steve broke his jaw.
Stark stumbled back to the chair, falling into it weakly, covering his face in his hands. “Stupid. Stupid, Stupid, Stupid,” he muttered quietly. Steve could have gone his entire life without wondering what the rest of them where if Tony Stark was stupid. Stark shook his head, running his sleeves over his face.
He sneaks into the guard rooms, tracing familiar steps to Steve’s wing.
However, everyone seems all too eager to absolve Steve of all of his sins. Steve wishes someone would just
-----
The fifth time Tony goes to visit Steve, he’s no longer the Director of Shield. Osborne had taken that from him too. Tony cannot remember much. Only that he wanted to write to Cap. But on a whim, decided to visit him instead. Its not like he could leave without saying goodbye.
.” Tony blinks his eyes open. Thor smiles at him, something age-old and strong in his eyes, ”I have since the two of you were no more than mere children playing at legends.” he raises a fondly amused brow.
But he just wishes that someone would blame him for it.
His hand slides down from Tony's stomach, to loosely curl around his cock. A petty graze of his fingers.
For whichever reason that made sense only if you practiced the Steve Rogers school of thought, Steve was almost as excited as Thor about all this, which had Tony completely bamboozled.. Out of the three of them, Steve was the only one who knew exactly what had gone down during the war. Tony wasn’t dumb. He had read the papers. In fact, it had been the first thing he had done after waking up from his coma - someone had shoved a newspaper in his face with the headlines: 'Captain America Assassinated.' Tony didn’t remember the war, but he remembered the sheer terror he had felt when he read it. The Tony Stark who had fought that war had been a complete asshole moonlighting as a dictator, but he almost felt sorry for the poor bastard.
Peter's voice. Steve considers telling that to the families of the people he'd killed, and wouldn't
He drags his gaze back up with difficulty to find Thor smirking at him.
The phone falls silent, and Steve had missed Tony's call.
Tony let his eyes open, a small infinitesimal glare, Thor with one hand dragging down the length of Tony’s body: setting his nerves afire, down under the water where it, without doubt, closed around Steve’s cock.
Tony on the other hand, might have had everything to prove, as he somehow managed to slip on the matted floor (pre-planned specifically kept there for that very purpose, they were amazingly waterproof too, and ridiculously easy to dry. Bed Bath and Beyond $50 only.) and knock himself out in the shower railing.
“Wake up!” he growled “Wake up! You bastard!”
“How long?” Steve cuts him off. “How long did it take for people to trust you after Registration?” Tony stiffens, trying to pull away. “I’ll tell you,” Steve hisses, pulling Tony back to his chest. He should stop, this was vindictive - there was heartfelt cruelty to this that Steve didn’t want to touch. But Tony mutters something and Steve wants him to wound, to
the standard.
He feels off-kilter, his body feels too small, and he's suffocating, buried in a too small place. The guilt is a constant swooping sensation in his gut. Churning, and whipping across his chest in sharp spasms, making him feel bereft and exhausted when its done.
He smiles again, something fragile and breakable in his demeanour, turns around laying back against the water. Muscles bunching in his biceps as he folds them behind his head: He was… He was
It doesn’t work. The plan had been fairly simple. Role-playing couldn't be that hard for costume-themed superheros, and it hadn’t been. They’d managed to acquire sexy looking costumes easily enough, and even if not, Tony could’ve quite easily fabricated something in his lab. It was simple, easy and would undoubtedly be extremely sexy.
The bitter petty part of him, that is more injured pride, and a crawling spitting wild thing - is still just so,
Stark knelt in front of Steve, taking his hands into his own.
———————————————————————----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tony woke up slowly. He nuzzled into the soft warm skin beneath him, comfortably warm for the first time all day, and rubbed his eyes. Steve had one arm thrown over Tony’s shoulder, and the other resting softly at his nape. Tony stifled a small smile, gently pushing away from 250 pounds of gorgeous super soldier and slipping his feet into the fluffy red and gold shoes he had insisted on bringing along. Steve had sulked over them all the way to the cottage.
, as he laves his tongue over Tony. Enthusiastic and expert, lips moving in admirable sync with his tongue. His tongue is warm, his hands cold, the room is heady with heat, but Tony’s skin pebbles where it’s laid over the ground. Pliant and open and used. The jarring difference of it at all, the disarming contrast leaves him even more exposed. Open and wanton - waiting to be owned.
He heaves a sigh. Tony shifts and moves with it on Steve’s chest. “I’m sorry,” Steve offers weakly.
terrible things?
Besides, Steve had a sure enough grip on Tony’s body to break it in two whenever the need struck, or rage called for it. Tony’s entire being, by now, is long accustomed to crushing beneath the weight of Steve’s shield; This feels inanely trivial.
Tony rested his head on the wall and placed his hand on Happy’s shoulder in relief, gently squeezing it in unspoken gratefulness. Happy squeezed his hand in return, Tony could hear the implied 'unnecessary' behind it. Happy had always been so over-protective, he had readily and repeatedly risked everything for Tony. Tony had never taken a moment to Thank him. Tony turned to face Happy, fully intending to give him a deeply heartfelt 'Thankyou' and apology, when Happy restrained  him with a raised hand. He took Tony's hands in his and raised it to his throat. Tony looked at him, confused and before Tony could even comprehend what he’d been trying to do, Happy had already snapped his own neck and fallen to the floor, limp and undoubtedly dead.
"You came for me." Steve says, trying to spare him the energy.
Tony rubbed his hands together. The cottage was cold, and they were low on supplies. He hiked the blanket further around himself, pulling his ice-tipped fingers into its warm folds. Tony hadn’t expected this to happen when Thor had woken him up and joyfully stated that he and Steve were going to make up. Tony couldn’t help but commend Thor’s enthusiasm. His relationship with Steve was so far beyond salvaging that even the ‘Mom’ and ‘Dad’ jokes weren’t funny anymore, just sad. Steve raised an eyebrow beside him on the couch, clearly somehow divining the subject of Tony’s thoughts.
for a second.
The sheer magnificence of him almost blows Tony’s mind away.
Then of course, they had had that Avengers priority call. Getting into Captain America’s suit and more importantly his mindset as THE Sentinel of Liberty was pretty hard with a plastic dick shoved up his ass.
The fifth time Steve and Tony decide to do something adventurous, Tony somehow managed to acquire a belt set with pins, (Which was apparently easy to buy). Which was supposedly a pair of nipple clamps. Steve wondered how anything that could squeeze the ever loving life out of your nipples could possibly be pleasurable but decided to humor Tony.
He shifts his grip, holding Tony down with one hand and moves faster. Tony's laughs turn into sharp high pitched cries, then screams he tries stiffle and finally sobs as Steve doesn't stop.
——————
Tony moans at it, he feels almost
to whatever Steve needs, anything Steve needs. It's a heady sense of power, and the rush leaves Steve feeling dizzy, and desperate for more. More of those desperate half glances Tony would throw at him, or those soft whimpering cries he made when Steve made love to him slowly in their huge silk bed.
—————————————
Steve’s other hand slides behind his body, opening him up where he is still swollen and red, sliding a finger in with remarkable ease. “Seems you even finished without me,” he says, fingers wet with Thor’s spend inside Tony.
Thor's eyes follow Tony like a bloodhound on a scent.
Not that they needed to count anymore.
Steve had curled his hands around his head, his eyes, ears,
Steve moves past it without a glance, crosses the road and walks into the dingy motel across the street that had been his home for the past week and a half. Taking two stairs at a time, he swipes his card on the door. His boots creak ominously on the floorboard as he walks in.
“It was a great battle, was it not?” Thor tosses his hammer into the air, grasps the handle with his Uru arm as it comes back down. He's dripping wet. The water dances: a move for a maze down his body; gleaming as gold as Asgard herself in the hard dip between his pecs and over his stomach - down his hip bones to meet the water: like a delta. Thor is, of course, no lesser a force of nature than that.
He tries to force some out, holds his eyes open boring into the ceiling until they go dry. They don’t come to him. It must be easier for professional actors, he muses.
“To ruling the world” Steve says and raises his glass to Tony, who clinks it against his own smartly before raising it and taking a drink. They place their glasses on the table as Steve lifts Tony with a hand under his thighs, Tony laughs joyously as Steve takes him to bed. He is so perfect like this. Malleable and
Steve isn't unaware of things, not like some smart smart people would like to think he is.
defend himself from him.
Steve didn't complain at all.
,- if you want.”
Besides, he attended most of them elite events with Tony, anyway.
Every shameful thing the monster had told his best friend is entrenched in his mind. If Tony were here, he'd say something like, it being similar to his most basic code- the most primal of memories, thoughts and actions.
He walked to the run-down kitchen of the cottage, pulling a water bottle from the fridge. He grabbed another bottle for Steve just in case, and walked back to the couch. His skin was chilled already.
of course
Rules didn’t apply in hell, anymore than honor or self-respect did.
Loving Steve, and Thor to an extent was like drowning, drowning and finding the lone raft sent in salvation.
“I'm really sorry, but I truly
They get kicked out the next day.
Stark stood up and walked around the table to Steve, placing a hand on his shoulder “The way I see it, you aren’t that far gone. Not yet.” He stood straighter, no longer hunched onto himself, He looked different and Steve was jarred by the abrupt change; from Stark’s too thin wrists and the exhausted eyes peering at him from a too young face to an easy regality that he displayed.
The golden rays of the sun, as bright as
Steve ignores Tony after he calls him a coward. It’s not like Steve could walk away.
He stands up, tip toeing around the bed, picking his scattered clothing up, and throwing one last guilty look at the man,- Max? Matt? something like that; and shuts the door behind him quietly - at least sparring him the jarring corridor light, If not having to clean as soon as he woke up.
, but it does take a temporary backseat.
“Fears,” Steve said in between kisses as they clung to each other like lovers lost, and maybe they were. Carol had once been genuinely surprised that Steve and Tony hadn’t been together. Had everyone else known? Why hadn’t they told him? God! They could’ve had it the world.
He wondered what he was doing wrong.
Steve splashes forward. He’s a shark in the water, muscles coiling and loosening beneath skin far too thin, the water frothing at his thighs.
He opened the door and was promptly attacked by a draft of cold wind. He shut the door behind him; he knew how much Steve hated the cold. He sat on the icy staircase, still not sure as to why he had thought this was a good idea, and rubbed his feet against the ice crusted stair. He pulled at a long string from his shirt and looked up carelessly, in the distance he saw long, curly blond hair caught and gripped tight in a thorny bush.
his heart rate slowing, coming back down to normal. Its more comforting than he would like to admit.
He fumbled for his vibrating phone with one hand, scrolling through the missed calls and the twitter notifications straight to Pepper’s constant stream of texts. He distractly shoved off the couch, wobbling slightly on his feet, throwing his hands out in a childish bid for balance, when a rough hand grasped his wrist. Tony flung around, his phone raised over his head like a battle axe, until Steve’s bewildered blue eyes blinked up at him, wide and confused. Tony heaved a sigh of relief, dropping his phone and taking a few heaving breaths.
Steve stared at Stark, reminded a bit of his own Tony for the first time. Both of them had the same spectacular ability to get under Steve’s skin and dissect him. Well, it's wasn’t like he had anything to lose, and Stark would leave soon enough anyway. “There were some documents,” Steve started, “regarding the regulation of Superheroes. Tony signed. I didn’t” He was cut off by a bitter laugh, “Of fucking course, you didn’t,” Stark said, sounding bitter. “I assume that’s why you’re sulking off in the middle of nowhere in a fucking desert? Where no one can find you?”
He flings his phone on the bed, strips hurriedly,  in a rush to get into the bathroom and get clean. In a rush to drown out the scent of stale beer and sex with the chemical scent of bad motel soap. He pulls back the heavy plastic curtain, and jumps into the shower, cold water and all.
“It had a hex on it” he says miserably. “I called Wanda.”
"I don’t drink” Stark said, loudly as though he was making a statement for the universe to hear, unconsciously pulling Steve away from his lamenting. He chucked the bottle at the kitchenette and missed. The bottle cracked into a wall and seeped dully into Steve’s carpet. Steve wasn't looking for an apology, and Stark didn’t offer one. He daintily pulled his feet off the ground and threw them over the table, like the typical city boy he was.
- as in,” he slides a bit closer, “you and me.”
They go to one of Tony’s smaller recently reacquired properties. It’s a small cottage with a lovely ocean view.
Stark ran a frustrated hand through his hair again; it was much longer than his Tony kept it, Steve absently noted. Stark’s hair was messy and all over the place, not perfectly coiffed and under control like Tony’s always was, a million personas to project, even to his friends.
at times,-' But no. It had been that. Another SteveandTony precious memory. Gone with the Wind.
Bright blue lights flickered in Tony's lab, rolling translucent figurines of one cherished team-mate after another. Thor with his bright red cape fluttering in a non-existent breeze, Wolverine's claws glinting in the sun. The models of Carol and Jess lay comfortably on the ground, laughing, perfectly happy and content with each other, even as holograms.  They represented everything good about the world. Happiness, strength and hope. At least, Tony knew they would to Steve. The Avengers had always been quintessential to his existence. They gave him drive and purpose. Something to fight for, something to come home to.  He couldn't think of a better distraction.
He looks up at one of Tony's shiny screens, in which they're both reflected in blurry clarity. Tony's writhing looks almost pornographic (or better in Steve's private opinion. He looks like such a
It was almost a privilege. To hold
Thor stares right through Tony, eyes boring holes into his skull, “Why do we need Enlightenment?” a jerk of the head, “you and I?”
They sit in front of each other, neither of them willing to give in and extend an olive branch. Its
Thor hmms, sliding the Uru arm down his body, over his stomach, flicking at the water dotted down the length of it, playfully chasing the ones that rolled away from him, “He’d have you in the Battlefield. His body over yours. He’d have you before the gun of a madman. He’d have you if you fell and he was all that remained to catch you.”
He lunged at the door knocker, shaking and pulling at it.  The door was sealed so firmly that Tony knew without having to check that it was barricaded from the outside. The wires tightened around his throat and Tony scrambled desperately at his neck, blank gaps dotting his vision, and the door still wouldn't
Maybe a shower first. Cleaning seemed too Herculean, yet.
They'd lost each other- somewhere along the way.
Tony shrugged off his misgivings and walked back to Steve, pulling the blanket over his shoulder and leaning into his warmth.  He pressed the cold tip of his nose into Steve’s neck and Steve snuffled, disgruntled in his sleep. Tony just smirked and settled down, shoving his cold hands in between them for warmth. Tony felt something warm trickle into his hands and he shuffled away, thrusting Steve further back trying to gain some traction. The warmth gushed further, and Tony, all too familiar with the feel of blood in his hands, pushed himself off of Steve with a yell.
He raised his hand, fingers trembling violently where they were splayed over his stomach, as the wires went lower, and lower, He stepped back and away from the mirror, rushing to the door.
Thor’s already granting them their apology before they can make it. Forgiveness comes so easy to him. What a relief it must be to be a God.
He walks into the room, and methodically places his wallet, keys and dog tags on the table before taking to the shower.
Leaning by the stage, Tony shut his eyes, quietly counting backwards from 100. The tick-tick of the kitchen clock jarringly loud in the quiet room.
He couldn't come up with a better lie.
Steve opened the visor staring at him, half understanding - mostly disappointed. Tony distantly wondered if he should apologize, perhaps make a glaring declaration of love. It seemed too tame, too petty; not after where they’d been, not after what they’d done. He kissed Steve instead, and Steve kissed him back.
It was the smell. Rotten, like old blood in a surgical suite not cleaned up. Just overlapped with bleach, maybe paint; if the smell sunk in too deep. The stench of rats and their wet fur, gnawing over the soft insides of Steve’s bare feet. Climbing over his body and sloping over his skin as Steve attempted to sleep.
It's an unfair assessment.
has to tip over, and Steve's boxes of takeout spill on the floor with a fateful kind of
Steve came back, victorious, happy and proud of his team. He glowed and smiled and laughed; passion, heart and full of life.
Grabbing a stiff towel, he wraps it around his waist, and barges out of the shower. Tony smiles at him cheerfully, milkshake in his hand. Some of the milkshake is gathered in the corner of his mouth, and a pink tongue reaches out to lick at it. His eyes are shining and he leans trustingly on Steve. He is so happy, and he isn't even real. It had been
Finally, Stark seemed to win some kind of personal battle. He upended the chair and moved to stand by the window, looking at the wide stretch of nothing around them. There was no view, Steve already knew that, just barren lands stretching on as far as he could see. Steve didn’t bother putting his chair back up straight. It was a hot, summer afternoon, and Steve couldn’t muster up the required energy it would take to nudge it up with his foot.
In the end, what had pushed him over the edge was Tony leaning down and whispering the much cherished phrase of love in his ear, and Steve had always known how hard that could be for Tony. How difficult it was after the all number of times he’d been hurt so brutally in the past.
Steve shakes his head. They had killed each over it. It was over. And Steve had no
Steve nods “I’ll earn it back,” he repeats.
He fumbles with the taps, this was just being stupid. He should jump out of the shower and wait it out, and yet.
Tony pushed the abstract thoughts away, burying himself in booze and all the people he could find. It wasn’t hard, they flocked him, The rich and poor, the desperate, the strong and the pitiable. All thrumming with nervous energy, and excitement, If they could have Tony Stark, even for just one night, it would have been worth it.Tony closed his eyes and luxuriated in their worship.
Tony lets him have his play. Eyes shut, luxuriating in Steve. When Steve gets bored, he splays his hand over his rear, wide along the width of it, and Tony turns over to set his chin on Steve’s chest looking at him with earnest blue eyes, “We’re here now, Steve.” he says, like the towering ridicule of their lives could
In there, he’d forced himself to think happier thoughts.
Tony brushes a kiss over Steve’s heart.
?” Tony wonders so quietly - a muffled mumble swept away in the silence of the room. Steve wonders if he even realized he’d said it out loud.
practiced. It was just meditation really. Meditation with beats - a time tested method to come down from a panic attack.
“He- Hello ?” He called out. “If this is some kind of prank, it’s a stupid one.” The room was silent.
or rather, 'Victor', was it? he can only think of how much Tony would have laughed at him.
———————
He breathes, water dripping into his eyes, curling his palms into fists over the shower walls. He blows air out through his mouth.
Earlier they might have both left bruises.
He closes his eyes. Which is Mistake No. 4 since he'd woken up that morning.
He stumbled over to the fireplace, still half asleep. “Fire” He grumbled under his breath “Who still uses fire when there’s modern heating to be had?”
His brain hums in exhausted content.
It had been 10 years, 15 days and 43 minutes since Tony had arrested Steve.
“What?”
Its,-
and Tony has made an art-form of being a fool.
“I do not seem to get anything,” Thor calls out from where he is laying, naked and flopped over like an exhausted jellyfish, there is still something imperial about him, something royal.
The walls are aligned with hairline fractures. There is some suspicious looking mould growing near his window and his tap continues to drink into the dirty sink ostensibly.
hair, the blue of the ocean almost as powerful as
Steve jerks and cums.
Stark faced the barren grounds outside as he continued, “We made up, though. Believe it or not, we did. Never talked about it, weren’t as close as before, but we still managed to patch things up. To share living space again...”
How he'd come to the point, where he could walk up to his best friend, and ask him if Steve had
him. Even Tony seems all too eager to forget anything had ever happened. In spite of all that Steve had done to him. Although, he would only talk to Steve over the phone. There was probably something to that, if Steve had the energy to spare, he'd worry.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hill hovers awkwardly around his bed for a few minutes before hastening out.
He strokes the down of Tony’s hair. It’s fluffy,
His therapist with her too kind eyes tells him that he may be projecting his insecurities onto Tony. Steve sits in the stupidly cozy room with the unobtrusive bland colors which were no doubt supposed to be comforting; and can only think of his nightmares. He can only think of Tony wiping his memories and dancing around with Strange. They'd gotten even closer now. Tony and Strange. Not to mention
Tony had tried to corner him the next day, but Steve pushed by him, telling him it was over. Tony’s response had said it all. He’d simply shut down, suddenly looking cold.
Tony hadn’t cared who said what about them. He had wanted the whole world to know how much he liked Steve, holding hands and stealing kisses whenever he could. If Steve’s blush had been
“Okay,” Steve agreed grudgingly, then pulled Tony in for another hug.
“Ladies,” he said as he grabbed a soda before walking off.
That advice had been drilled into him at such an early age he couldn’t remember not knowing it. And it was true. People wanted to hang out with the kid who was laughing and making jokes all the time. It made them forget he was so smart.
Giggling, Bunny said, “Oh, we could never leave. We just love it here too much to go!”
Tony couldn’t stand it anymore and pulled away from the group. “No, I didn’t. Too bad I missed him.” He needed to get out of there
“Not to be a dick, but what the fuck was that?” Tony asked. “You looked like you were expelling a demon. Do you need me to call the Ghostbusters?” he tried to joke, but it fell like stone against the tile floor.
. Well,
“Is that little Stevie Rogers all grown up,” Stephanie Foster said. But, unfortunately, her makeup did little to make her look good.
“So you’re going to see all those other completely sincere people you were friends with back then and catch up with who’s gotten married, who got fat, and who still has their hair,” Pepper had said, eyebrows raised, not believing him for an instant.
“And I still won’t. Some of us have a refined palate.” The laughter still hadn’t left him, and he shook his head, stepping toward the door. “Shall we?”
Steve nodded, his features brightening. “My gallery isn’t far from there. It’s down an alley that’s full of murals that spill out onto the buildings along the street.”
me?! You just decided they suddenly knew what the fuck they were talking about?!”
“I know, I know. You said so when we sat down… and I’ve already kept you this late….” A bubble of despair swelled in his chest. “But it doesn’t have to be goodbye, right?”
“I know. I promise.” He gave Steve’s hand a squeeze. “Monday?”
When they got to the lot outside, Tony pulled his glasses off as he laughed, still holding Steve’s hand. “I wonder if someone got pictures? It won’t be my biggest scandal, but I’m betting a few gossip rags pick the story up.”
A blond mop with two stunningly blue eyes. Eyes that looked at her with their famous disappointment.
“There was an accident in the workshop. I don’t know what exactly happened except that Toni is in the med-bay.”
Great, that doesn’t narrow it down in the slightest.
“Uhhh, you’re already breaking up with me? I’m heart-broken.”
And we should find out what caused the explosion in the first place. As far as I know Toni hadn’t been working with any explosives lately.”
In front of Fury’s office sat Agent Hill, but even she merely raised an eye brow and told him her boss was free.
“Hey, Natasha. What’s up?”
He went straight to the file room.
“Director, I would like to have a look into Toni’s file.” “May I ask why?”
After the first bottle was empty, she took the next one. And the next one. This went on for about an hour when suddenly …
The only enemy of Toni’s, apart from Hydra, would be Hammer. But that guy would not be smart enough to pull something like that off. Time to ask Pepper.
She could rule a) out. She was not nearly in enough pain for that. For c) she felt not enough like shit.
“I’m at SHIELD right now. I’ll be there in about have an hour.”
~ Board meeting in two hours. If you don’t come I will make you! >:( ~
“Only that she got it in Afghanistan and that it keeps her alive. It caused her troubles some years ago and SHIELD put me on it to find out more. And that’s everything we have on it. Toni is good in a lot of things but she is amazing in keeping her stuff secret.”
(See the end of the chapter for
That was, when the Avengers-alarm went off.  J.A.R.V.I.S. put on the holo-screens. Apparently, some kids had too much free time and let a bunch of pink bunnies loose.
“Are you talking about the bunny you missed? I was saving other people’s lifes!”
Maybe some ideas for later chapters?
“He’s right Stevie-boy. Pepper did delay the meeting. When I finally got home again Brucie asked me if I could help him with his pants. In the non-sexual, scientific way of course.”
Means whoever is behind this has a personal problem with Toni.
“Director, I would like to have a look into Toni’s file.” “May I ask why?”
The traffic in New York was horrible. Steve needed nearly an hour to get from SHIELD to the Avengers Tower. But he made it even though the only thing he could think of was Toni.
With that they went on getting everything ready.
Natasha became pretty good friends with Toni after she apologized for the ‘Iron Woman, yes. Toni Stark, not recommended’-stuff. She won’t have Steve talking about one of her friends like she’s something you have to tolerate. ‘“Maybe you should calm down first before you say more stupid things. You know Toni will be there when we need her. You’re just frustrated because she defies you whenever she can. Go for a run, punch the hell out of one of your punching bags.“ She suggested.
“We need to talk.’’
After a couple of hours J.A.R.V.I.S’s frantically tried to get her attention. He tried everything from changing the music to flashing lights.
Steve, Clint and Thor went straight to the Tower and to the workshop.
“Happy? This is Natasha. I’m going to make it short. Did Toni get any death threats that may be more than trash? Anything that involves blowing her up?”
“No, they won’t tell me anything. Not even when I threatened them.” There was definitely a pout behind those words. “They will only tell you, the team leader, because of patient confidentiality.”
When he closed his eyes, he could smell the boozy sweat in Howard’s hair and feel the vomit in his socks and hear his mother wailing about how Howard was dying until they’d sedated her and she’d just stared at him, glassy-eyed. The pain that shot through his chest when he tried to breathe was back, making taking deep breaths almost impossible.
Heads turned when they walked back into the gym, and from the whispers and pointing, it was clear that their absence and reappearance had been noticed. However, it didn’t seem to phase Tony, who took his sunglasses out of his pocket and slipped them on his face, even though they were still inside, and it was after eight.
Since his growth spurt, Steve had taken pride in his appearance. He worked out every other day and ran every morning.
Steve laughed, then nodded to the gym door. “I say we head downtown and see if that old diner is still open, so I can gross you out by dipping my fries in my milkshake.”
his suit? It’s not like money was going to fall out of the weave of the fabric like a magic lamp or something. He just barely repressed a shudder.
As he got out of the car, Tony remembered his conversation with Pepper. “Going to see the one who got away?” she’d teased.
, and it was, but that’s beside the point.”
Resigning himself to his fate, he faced the room and looked out over the crowd. Most of the people looked nothing like Steve had imagined. He’d thought they’d all look beautiful and skinny and accomplished, but most of them were overweight or balding. In fact, he didn’t see anyone in the same shape as him.
Steve just stood there looking menacing, as if he was trying to make up for all the years of being picked on. Immovable. The tendons along his jaw tightened and flexed.
Steve watched as emotions flitted over his features. Whatever Tony had to say didn’t look easy.
Steve would slip doodles in Tony’s locker, and Tony would find him at lunch and nibble his fries.
“You could always tell people that rage fueled your growth spurt,” Tony suggested.
Until he’d hit his growth spurt in college, Steve had been skinny and sickly, his body not matching his personality. Before his mother died when he was nineteen, she had told him that she’d always known he’d grow into his emotions. Because if there was ever anything true about Steve, it was that he felt deeply and reacted in kind.
This was too much. Steve’s fingers found his hair, and he tugged the strands as some animalistic noise clawed out of his throat. He could feel his muscles shaking, and for a moment, it was only him in the hall. Everything else melted away.
Tony wasn’t sure who Steve was trying to convince because he was already on board with this idea. “Yeah. Exactly.”
Steve rolled his eyes. “You still haven’t tried it.”
As it was now, the only thing keeping him from lashing out at Tony was the severe expression the man was wearing. Something like grief touched the corners of his eyes, but there was also anger etched in the line of his mouth. If he didn’t know better, he’d almost think Tony was on the verge of tears.
Did the rich and famous even go to these things?
Turning, he saw the hand was connected to none other than Brock Rumlow—a jock who used to shove him into the lockers any chance he got, calling him things he’d rather forget. Unlike most of the people here, he looked like an older version of himself. Why couldn’t he have been one of the people to get uglier over the years?
“Wait, what?” He couldn’t mean… There was no way Brock was gay, not after what he called Steve when he’d come out.
It’d been like a dream Tony had never wanted to wake up from—just perfect. The thrill he’d felt every time Steve smiled was indescribable. Of course, Tony didn’t know when he’d fallen for Steve, but that didn’t matter too much. Steve was cute, funny, and intelligent—and seemed to like him too.
Except now that the man was so close, Steve was beginning to realize it wasn’t that easy. Just seeing him made something churn in his stomach, and he wasn’t sure whether it was fear of Tony seeing him or anticipation for when it happened. His emotions were raw, reaching their tendrils out to strangle him, and he tugged on the collar of his shirt, trying to ease the feeling.
It was like old times, in a way. Tony had always loved giving people something to talk about, and it was just like him to take his hand and pull him along. He’d always been able to trust Tony to guide him anywhere, and it still held true after all these years apart.
Tony had always had people around him in those days, but none of them had really been his friends. He got invited to parties because he could always bring liquor. Howard had never called him on it because he probably hadn’t been able to remember if he’d drunk it himself or not. Jarvis had probably suspected but hadn’t said much more than to call if he got into trouble or needed a ride home.
Tony pulled off the nametag where he’d written ‘You know who I am’ and crumpled it, shoving it in his pocket. He couldn’t stay—wouldn’t. He opened his eyes and turned his head, ready to offer to take the other victim of nostalgia a hand up. Maybe they could get out of here and have a drink or something—anything to get out of here.
Tony’s head drew back like he’d been slapped, and he blinked. “I think your performance-enhancing drugs are affecting your mind. What the fuck are you talking about? You broke up with me!” Tony’s anger was like an actual presence in the hall, seething, breathing, and sucking the warmth from the air. His tone felt like ice burning his skin. “You never even told me why you did it? If anyone should be pissed—if anyone deserves an apology—it’s me!”
Still feeling the tickle of relief at not being spotted, he decided not to push lady luck. So he ducked around a few people, heading for the side of the gym, where a table and radio was set up, the music bringing Steve back to days he’d forgotten when life felt like it hung in the balance and anything could tip it.
They didn’t speak again.
But then one day, Steve had been in the locker room, towel held around his bony hips when he overheard some jocks talking about how Tony had been playing Steve and how funny it was to watch Steve fall for it.
Something soft and fond blossomed in Steve’s expression. “Okay, no problem, Tony.” He gave Tony’s hand another squeeze and let go to get into his car.
“Is Monday too soon for lunch? I mean, we probably shouldn’t rush into anything here, right?” Tony said, trying to channel the distant voice of his inner-Rhodey that struggled to reign in Tony’s impulsivity.
His eyes fell on the nametag.
“I really hope not. Maybe you can visit my gallery sometime.” Steve sounded unhappy too and hadn’t let go of his hand since leaving the restaurant, which was just fine with Tony.
Steve stared at him like a deer caught in headlights. The need to say something—anything—to fill the silence pricked at Tony until he blurted out the first thing that came to mind. “I guess someone’s been eating their Wheaties.”
He didn’t get more time to think about what could happen because suddenly Tony’s head was turning, and his eyes were locking on Steve’s. There was a flash of something in Tony’s expression that looked an awful lot like a grimace, but he recovered quickly, slipping a mask in place that Steve knew all too well. He didn’t smile, though.
His breath hitched when his eyes fell on Tony’s face, earbuds hanging from his ears, and the floor beneath him felt like it had fallen through.
While Steve had let go of him, he hadn’t stepped back. The look in his eyes reminded Tony of making out under the bleachers during pep rallies and other moments they’d stolen away together. It’d been kid stuff—pretty chaste, all things considered—but that look still sent heat curling in his stomach.
Steve watched as Tony paused just inside the gym, his feet shoulder-width apart, and even with his sunglasses on, Steve could see that the man was looking over the crowd. He couldn’t help but notice that he still carried himself the same way, his shoulders back and head held high, wearing a hint of a forced smile that twitched against his lips. There was a time when Steve thought he knew Tony’s smiles, but after what happened, he wondered if he really ever knew him at all.
Her friend, Lizzie, who he remembered from the time she’d tripped him during lunch, batted her lashes as she eyed him. “Wow, look at those muscles.”
He’d called his mother and gotten a ride home. It was the worst night of his young life.
The only problem was, he didn’t want to go inside. Going inside meant seeing people from his past that he’d rather forget. He didn’t want to know how the cheerleaders who used to look at him with disdain were doing, probably suburban housewives now, living in luxury with their tiny dogs, bitching about hard-working people.
It was almost weird how quickly they fell into conversation. In thinking about meeting Steve at the reunion, Tony had wondered if the conversation would just fizzle out, but the reality had been anything but. His face ached from smiling so much, and Tony felt like he had so much left to say.
Tony’s head turned, and Steve’s heart froze, skidding to a stop in his chest. He worried that Tony had recognized him, but then he looked away without his expression changing. Steve thanked his growth spurt and time in the gym for that. If Tony were looking for him, he’d be expecting a tiny, skinny blond, not the tall, muscular man Steve had turned into.
Feeling more sure of himself, Steve walked toward the refreshment table, where a few women were talking. They turned at his approach, eyes roving over him. He had to fight back an eye roll. He knew who the women were, even without the name tags. They had made fun of him relentlessly.
Steve Rogers, though, he’d been different. Tony had been in the high school library to pick up his interlibrary loan, a book the librarian had gotten for him—
Tony couldn’t help tensing up, but he hoped he hadn’t actually flinched. This was seriously the worst fucking idea he’d ever had in his whole life. Still keeping her hands on his arms, she stepped back, “You look so good!”
“After you.”
“Oh, congrats. That’s really great.” And he was happy for him, but his emotions were fraying like an old sweater with a loose thread. He needed that fresh air more than ever now, even if that meant just stepping into the hall. “It was great to see you, Brock. Um, say hi to Jack for me.”
Tony thought as he extricated himself after congratulating them on their restaurant, 3 B’s—“
They both paused, waiting for the other to speak.
“The one who’s shacked up with whatshisname?” Tony asked.
His ideas had ended up saving Stark Industries from the hole that Howard and his business partner Obie had dug it into—Howard with his drinking and Obie by embezzling money and selling company secrets to their competitors. Tony had married Pepper, and they’d had three beautiful kids before they decided to split up. This was Harley, Peter, and Morgan’s week with their mother, so Tony hadn’t needed to find a sitter.
“I’ve got nothing to apologize for,” Steve said, folding his arms, eyebrows knit together.
Steve shook his head, scrubbing a hand over his mouth. “I don’t know, maybe? You ever find out something isn’t what you thought?”
Tony never came.
He was just thinking over his escape plan when he heard the faint sound of a song that stirred something old and nostalgic in his chest. It had been Tony’s favorite. Hell’s Bells by AC/DC. It was enough of a surprise to hear that it made him look in the direction of the tinny sound.
“Will do, and I really am sorry about what Stark did to you.”
He sipped his soda and decided he might need to phone a friend to talk him out of telling all these people what he really thought of them.
“I wouldn’t say no to that,” Tony agreed and leaned up to kiss Steve on the cheek. It was too soon for I-love-yous, but he’d never stopped loving Steve. “Drive safely, okay? Like the grandma driver you used to be. No hairpin turns going eighty.”
He’d left Steve standing alone outside the school, holding the stupid rose, as some of Tony’s friends pointed and snickered at him as they went inside.
Standing in the doorway, sunglasses perched on his face, was Tony Stark.
“Hey, man, great to see you! Still the life of the party, huh?” Kevin chuckled. For a moment, Tony wished he could just wink out of existence.
Unfortunately, Tony’s anger fled just as quickly as it had come, leaving a whole new hurt in its wake. “Standing you up—
Brock clapped him on the arm. “Hell, yeah. Little Stevie Rogers. Todd was telling me he saw on Facebook that you’d put on some muscle, but wow. You look great.”
As he headed toward a table in the corner, he heard the gym door creak open, and he looked toward it, only for his heart to freeze mid-beat.
“I’m exciting. What can I say?” Tony let go and held his hands up. “Safe and sane driving all the way. ...Even though I’m not driving the grocery-getter.”
Tony’s shoulders drooped. “Well, after all this, I’ve learned a very valuable lesson about not trying to guess what you’re thinking.” Tony grinned and nudged Steve a little with his elbow. Maybe it was too soon for that. Maybe Steve just wanted to wash his hands of the whole thing. But then, if that was the case, wouldn’t he just look relieved, give a hearty handshake and go about his business?
Luckily, it didn’t do much damage with Rogers being a super-soldier and all.
Natasha could only shake her had at that “ You apparently haven’t met many businss men. Compared to them Hydra gives out candy.”
Toni tried to move to get out of there. She tried to sit up, but the moment she moved her head she felt a piercing pain. Okay, getting up is not an option. She settled down again and tried to calm down in hope it would help with the headache. After some time, it worked and she fell back asleep.
“Uhhh, you’re already breaking up with me? I’m heart-broken.”
“Captain, if Stark haven’t told you about it she doesn’t want you to know. And if she doesn’t want you to know it’s not my place to tell.”
Great. Even in a hospital I can’t escape those.
Afghanistan
“Steve, give her some slack. She does have a lot of responsibilities.“ Bruce answered. He wasn’t looking forward to more fighting and yelling from these two. They are like this everyday. Can’t they just talk about things like normal people? “I know that she has a lot to do but it is necessary that she has her priorities right. As hard as it is to admit it, we need her on the field.“
“Unbelievable. That woman is simply unbelievable. How can she walk off like that?“
Toni was furious on her way down to her shop. Not only did Rogers ruin her childhood, her life now too. And this time on purpose. No excuse of being an icecube this time. Jarvis opened the doors for her and she quickly went to the bar and grabbed a bottle of her best scotch. She opened it and took a long swig.
J.A.R.V.I.S was so kind and opened all the doors for them before they got to them.
“Tell her to go away.”
“Yeah, yeah. I get it.’’ There was no need to point out all the stuff she does wrong. Steve does that often enough. “Sooo, what can I do for you today, Spangles?”
Steve sighed. “Sir, I know first hand that not everything people write about yourself is true. I rather have facts than whatever the papers made up.” There are a lot of stories about Captain America, and not all of them are true. Sometimes he wonders how people can come up with that stuff.
And that someone was Steven Grant Rogers.
“Steve, I agree that Toni should have gone to the debrief, but she never does. So, it’s not surprising especially since you two fought over this like a million times. We already talked about this in the kitchen this morning. If you would take a second and think back you should know that Toni had an important meeting. Miss Potts must have delayed it after the Avengers alarm had gone off.  Could you just please let it go? And in Toni’s defense, if it was any ones fault it was yours because you missed the robot. “
He really couldn’t talk to women. Especially mouthy brunettes who are probably the smartest person on the planet. And richest, not to forget.
Beep…
Toni looked like she was about to faint any minute. She had huge bags under her eyes and was barely able to stand straight.
“How do you know that? Did Toni tell you?” Steve asked. He kind of felt betrayed.
“Hey Pepper, it’s Natasha. It’s about Toni. Just call me back.”
“A good morning to you, too, Spangles. It’s nice to see you, but how about you stay out of my life?”  She wasn’t in the mood to deal with him. At least not before coffee number three. She decided to ignore him. She made a beeline for the coffe machine and poured herself a cup just to down it in one go.
Pepper wanted to yell at Toni, because she ignored the deadline for the new StarkPhone again. But when she saw Toni lying there on the couch, completely wasted, she could only muster a disappointed look.
“Nevermind. Natasha, get Clint. Suit up in fifteen minutes. Bruce, I don’t think this is a Code Green, but be on call.”
“Hey, J’? Pull my la’ts project up.”
Holo-screens appeared with the requested specs on it. It was an upgrade for her suit. The idea was that it would automatically come to Toni if she were in danger. Like when she gets thrown out of a window by a mad demigod. J.A.R.V.I.S may be fast, but that was a little too close in her opinion.
“Thanks Spangles.”
So, she tried to figure a way out of this, while also telling the board to fuck up and ‘yes, I am a woman but also smarter than you and even more capable to run this company than all of you old geezers combined’. But for some reason even pissing of the board didn’t managed to lift her mood.
Fury sighed and looked at him.
“What? You don’t like it? How about Boy Scout? No? Wonder Boy? Captain Righteousness? Mr Apple Pie?”
Said man just looked deep thought. “ Well, I am not an expert on such things, but from what I could gather this must be the work of magic.”
“Don’t whats-up me. Get your ass back to the tower. Now.”
“Why? What happened?”
While Rogers ranted about following the plan, he missed one of the bunnies – and Toni will never let him live that down- when it suddenly started to explode.
“Stark! Stark!”
Bruce got worried. It has been hours since he heard from the others. He stood in Toni’s room and looked out of the window. Dusk was setting.
He really couldn’t talk to women. Especially mouthy brunettes who are probably the smartest person on the planet. And richest, not to forget. (Seriously, how can someone have so much money?)
Entering the office he saw Fury was on the phone. So much for being free. Maybe he and Hill had a fight, who knows?
“Not worth list- it’s about the well-being of the team, Toni! I am the Captain and I have to be sure that we can count on you when it’s necessary.“
She could a) got hurt in a battle, b) had an accident in the lab/workshop or c) she drunk herself comatose. Again.
But as always, someone thought it was a good idea to interrupt her plans.
“Suck it up, bird-brain. I won’t survive another one of Spangles speeches about ‘unprofessional behaviour’. “ Toni was so done with the day.
“I normally try to, but you look like you are about to faint any second. Not to mention that you probably haven’t eaten in days!” How could this woman run a multi-billion dollar company but on the same side is unable to take care for herself?
2 months prior
She could rule a) out. She was not nearly in enough pain for that. For c) she felt not enough like shit.
Bruce chuckled. He and Toni were at the lab working on some Hulk-proof trousers. They didn’t need another newspaper headline with a photo of a nude Bruce Banner in the middle of debris. They actually made some progress before Steve came bursting into the lab demanding to talk to Toni.
be a cheery conversation?
. One perk of being a supersoldier, he supposes, is that he can actually
held.
Not that he should complain. Sex was as momentary and fleeting as the emotions behind it; and none of them were the types to take advantage, not really.
As he continued, Stark choked out, “I got you killed, Steve. I got you killed and then, and then I got you back… I’d always thought, Well it can’t get worse than that, can it ? and we survived.”
Tony managed to cup Steve’s face in his hands, running a hand through his hair, checking for bumps. Steve calmly pulled away from his fussing, gently taking Tony’s hands into his own. Tony stared at him blankly as Steve's school-boy smile turned into a menacing shark-like grin, his pale Irish skin darkening into a familiar sick green. The Skrull soldier tilted his head like a bird, as though he was trying to delve into Tony's mind. Tony took a sharp breath. “Where’s Steve?” he demanded, his voice letting out a faint squeak in the end. The Skrull just shook his head, a look of fake sadness in his face. He tightened his grip on Tony’s hands and squeezed. Tony immediately fell to his knees with a scream, as the soldier's claws practically shattered the bones in his hand, but the Skrull clearly had something else in mind. He continued squeezing until Tony had no air left to scream with, until his hands were nothing but bleeding lumps of unrecognizable flesh.
. Like this was a show he was due. Thor was not only a Viking God - he was a
Steve hurriedly puts his clothes back on and grabs his phone. The tiny icon of Tony's face shines in Steve's notification bar, and Steve
His bike sputters and gives a dying scream.
They decide to wait with the whole sex thing.
The man he had pulled out of ice; the armor he had made for himself; probably the two most important things in his life; there was some kind of poetic irony written there, Tony was sure. If there was a Big Guy upstairs, he was probably giving Tony the final finger for all the pain he had caused.
Tony wants to shake him.
When Steve sleeps, he dreams, as always these days of Tony. Tony is soft and sleepwarm next to him. Bruises litter his skin, some of the deeper ones bleeding sluggishly. Steve wonders if he'd been drugged. It should be very uncomfortable to sleep like that.
He shakes his head. He had the Hydra Supreme's memories. Kobik hadn't defaulted in the details of his
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
He is swollen, and leaking - his bruised mess of a skin tingles in appreciation, in profound
Tony had no right to complain, he wasn't the one a few memories short of the biggest metaphorical knife to the back. Steve was probably tossing in his bed, 'Nightmares,' he'd say, if Tony asked. Tony would nod, let his eyes soften, and pretend that he was worried about Steve's nightmares more than he was worried about Steve remembering.
Tony turns back to Steve, His eyes sliding from Steve's messy hair, the bags under his eyes, and probably the sickly pallor of his skin. He looks stricken, but when his eyes meet Steve, they are tender. Steve is unworthy of it.
Steve had never rolled his eyes and said, ‘Here we go again,’ when Tony had tried to talk about some of the engineering ideas he’d had. In return, Steve had shown Tony his sketchbooks, and being invited to the “gallery show” the senior art class had put together had been one of the best dates of his life to date.
As he sat there, he knew he was on borrowed time before Tony looked at him, and he wasn’t sure what to do or say when it happened. His breaths started coming in short pants. There weren’t words for the mess of conflicted emotions in Steve’s chest. Part of him wanted to rage at Tony and demand why—why had he been so cruel? But he wasn’t sure he could handle the answer, so the words died in his throat.
“Monday seems like a million years away,” Steve sighed.
Steve, who had once laid in the grass next to him, looking up at the stars and had said, “I might never be able to hang the moon for you, Tony, but if I can’t, I’ll paint it for you instead.” And he’d been the sucker who’d believed it.
Steve glanced at the clock on the wall and saw that it was still early, not even after eight. So they had plenty of time to go out together if that’s something they wanted to do. And he didn’t need to ask himself twice whether he wanted more time with Tony. Maybe that was because a part of him never truly moved on—perhaps a piece of never stopped loving him.
Staring at his ceiling in the slowly brightening room, Tony had consoled himself with the fact that at least Steve wasn’t just somebody who wanted to be seen with ‘Tony Stark.’ Even if Steve didn’t understand what Tony was going through with his parents, Steve would listen and understand… because Tony loved him and needed somebody to tell him this wasn’t forever, that he wasn’t doomed to become his father.
“You’re going to lecture
There was silence for a few beats, save for Steve’s heavy breathing. Then like thunder Tony’s voice cracked into the hall. “Me? You want a fucking apology from me?” Tony stepped closer until their toes nearly touched, not deterred at all by Steve’s bigger size. It almost threw Steve off a bit. He wasn’t used to people challenging him like that, not since he started hitting the gym.
Tony’s heart leapt in his chest. “What did you have in mind? ‘Cause I’d kind of like to ditch this pop stand. Maybe we could make our escape and go have some dinner and a couple of drinks? I passed on the steak dinner at the country club, so I’m starving.” He hadn’t been earlier but now was a different story. “Or, if you want everyone to see you dancing with Tony Stark, I’m all yours. It sounds like they started the music in there.”
Yeah, yeah. Hindsight was twenty-twenty. He’d thought—hoped—that he’d be able to ask Steve why he hadn’t just asked him outright for help with getting people to leave him alone and instead had made it feel so real.
When Tony’s gaze dropped to his hands, which were fidgeting in front of him, a lead weight slammed into Steve’s gut, nearly tearing a hole through him. This new revelation was something he didn’t even know how to quantify. He’d spent so much of his life, so much energy being hurt and angry, believing it was deserved, and it had all been a misunderstanding. Sure, there were still questions, but if Tony was telling the truth … He shook his head.
“Not a chance,” he’d replied.
It wasn’t like he hadn’t done well for himself. He should be proud. He’d graduated from art school and now worked for a gallery in New York. He wanted for nothing, making great money. If anything, the people inside should be jealous of him.
A thick lump of emotion had formed in Tony’s throat, and he felt dangerously close to bursting into tears. Well, he hadn’t the day Steve dumped him, and he wouldn’t give him the satisfaction of it now either.
. A short, semi-hysterical laugh was cut off by the stabbing pain in his chest that took his breath away.
“That’s what you always used to say,” Tony replied.
“No, you go ahead,” Tony said while Steve tried again, “Tony, I know it’s been—”
Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Tony making his way to the refreshment table, smiling and laughing and hugging the people who had made Steve’s life hell. Guess some things never changed. And here, he’d held out a small hope that things could be different.
People were milling around, and there was a table to the left of the door with name tags and a marker.
All he had to do was make an appearance. Then he could leave.
Tony had driven past the high school five or six times before stopping the car down the block to just stare at the school. He could honestly say the worst years of his life had taken place while he was a student here. Howard’s drinking had just gone from bad to worse during those years.
“...I can’t believe how much that Rogers kid changed! I don’t see him now—and I don’t see Kaitlyn Pierce anymore…” The gaggle of people snickered at that. Well, if Steve looked good these days and was working his way through the cheerleaders who’d spurned him back in high school, more power to him. It didn’t matter that Tony felt sick at the thought.
He took another sip of his soda for something to do, thinking about his friends and wishing he was home. It was a Friday, and he usually spent Fridays with Bucky and Peggy. They alternated meeting places, going between their respective apartments and a local pizza joint.
Tony smiled but didn’t move, leaving his arms around Steve’s waist where he’d put them during their kiss. “It’s the day after tomorrow. Not even two days.” He squinted as he thought. “It’s… thirty-eight hours from now.”
“Text me when you get home?” Tony asked.
Tony’s eyes softened, chuckling as he squeezed Steve’s hand. “Yeah, yeah, it’s not just you—not at all. It feels like—it feels like you just gave me the missing piece of my heart back.” Steve smiled, and Tony poked him in the chest. “Hey, don’t look at me like that. It’s taken years of therapy for me to get in touch with my emotions. Just ask Pep.”
Tony thought. He briefly considered grabbing a soda before he saw Stephanie Foster and Lizzie…
That Steve had just avoided him all day the Monday after prom and broken up with him before he could even say anything other than, “Steve—” Well, at least he’d been able to keep the family dirt a secret for a few more years until Howard wrapped his car around a tree.
Steve had been walking up to the checkout desk with a stack of books so tall the guy could hardly see. He’d peeked around the stack of books and swerved to avoid running into Tony, which had sent the books tumbling everywhere. They’d started talking while picking up the books, and it’d been nice to have someone to talk to about something he actually cared about.
said?! You never even
Until prom anyway.
“Is this what moving on looks like to you?” Tony asked with the hint of a smile. “You need to get your eyes checked. And ask Pepper how that worked out. No, don’t. She’d say it was
The old wounds he carried from high school, from Tony, were starting to protest under the pressure of the reunion. The flesh around them turned irritated and raw, and he knew it wouldn’t take much to split that skin again.
He wanted to laugh, maniacal and unhinged because the situation called for it. He felt like he should be saying something else to Tony, but he didn’t know what words would make this better.
But by then, Jarvis was worried that Howard’s breathing might be too shallow. So, of course, they’d had to take him to a private hospital. Because they were the Starks, they couldn’t just call a goddamned ambulance like everyone else.
This whole thing could have been avoided if he’d listened to his friends. Bucky and Peggy had told him not to come, insisting he didn’t owe anyone a thing. He really should have listened. Because unlike the people in the gym, his friends cared about him and didn’t want to see him hurt. He imagined that most people here would throw another under the bus to save themselves if given a chance.
He looked away from Tony, taking a sip of his soda, the fizzy liquid easing the dryness in his throat. His anxiety about being here was building, and it felt like a rope was being wrapped around his chest, cinching his lungs. It reminded him of the asthma attacks he used to have.
Just thinking about what happened between them ignited his righteous anger again, splitting the scars that sat across his heart back open, threatening to drown him in blood. Each adrenaline-fueled beat of his heart hurt. It was a pain he’d been trying to forget for over ten years.
He smoothed his hands down the front of his suit and tried to find the smile people expected to see. Adjusting his sunglasses, Tony took a breath and pushed the door open, a smile that didn’t meet his eyes finding its way to his face as he turned his attention to the women at the registration desk.
“KEVIN! LOOK! IT’S TONY!” Lizzie beamed triumphantly and waved at a balding guy with a forest green polo shirt, who didn’t look at all familiar. “We had a bet. I said you’d come this year, and Kevin said you wouldn’t. So now he owes me a foot rub.” Lizzie gave Tony a lascivious wink that made him wish he still drank more than the occasional glass of wine with dinner.
Tony’s expression softened as he sighed, his shoulders gaining a curve. At least they looked less rigid. “I didn’t stop you. I could have said something—but after the weekend I’d had, I just—everything felt like too much, and I thought to myself that it made sense. So I blamed myself, you know?”
Sitting in the car now, he could still remember the feeling of trepidation he’d had that night. Something hadn’t felt right. He should have known, but he was young, stupid, and in love.
While hauling his father out of the car, the asshole had thrown up all over Tony and his suit. He’d felt the used scotch inside his shoes. There’d been no way he could show up to
“Well, if it isn’t Bailey and Bunny!” Tony said, reading the nametags of the twin sisters. They’d been vaguely insufferable throughout high school but not actively malicious. “Great to see you two! You ladies still local?” Tony asked as the Sharpie squeaked on his nametag.
While Jarvis drove one car with Howard in the back seat, Tony had driven his car with his hysterical mother. By the time they got to the Summerdale Pines Recovery Center (which Tony still thought sounded like a place to find zombies), his mother had almost convinced herself that Howard was already dead and had needed to be sedated on arrival.
Lizzie agreed, “I totally thought you’d look… I don’t know… different. I think the divorce really changed you.”
Steve felt dizzy but in a good way, like getting off a rollercoaster, which he supposed wasn’t far from the truth. Since getting out of the car and walking into the gym, he’d been through a range of emotions, finally settling on something warm and hopeful. There was still a tenderness around his heart, but it felt more like a healing bruise than the bleeding wound it was.
Brock smiled again. “Good, good.” He looked around Steve, then shook his head. “I guess you must have seen that the prince himself is here. Can’t believe I used to chase after that guy.”
For a second, anger flared up again inside him, and Tony glared at Steve. “You’ve got to be fucking kidding me. You believed the kind of shit that people like
. Jarvis, the guy who managed the house… well, he managed everything he could, really. He and I spent prom night cleaning up Howard and checking him into a private rehab center to dry out. I couldn’t sleep…
“Right, right… absolutely,” Steve replied, nodding. “Monday works for me, though… and we’re just… still catching up. To see if the spark is still there.”
But before he could leave the gym, a hand grabbed his elbow, stopping his escape. He tensed on instinct because he saw everyone in the room as a predator, and he couldn’t shake the feeling of being prey.
Maybe he was being judgmental again, but then again, maybe not.
before prom, but I was too stupid to believe it.”
about my driving? My knuckles were white for a week after riding with you the first time!”
—along with one she’d thrown in because she’d thought he’d like it,
“Okay, good,” Steve said, grabbing Tony’s hand and kissing his knuckles. “I mean it.”
The sooner he could get this day behind him, the better.
Glancing over, Tony caught Steve looking at him, a slight furrow of thought etched on his forehead. “Would you…?” A range of thoughts and emotions danced across Steve’s face in a jumble. “I’m thinking… Nah, it’s a stupid idea.”
about Steve. He sniffed and blinked the tears back. It was stupid getting emotional about it now when it was ancient history. Tony tried to shake off this unwelcome train of thought.
“At least you were able to move on and have a family,” Steve said, the corners of his mouth pulled down slightly as he thought.
Tony let himself melt into Steve’s arms, even though the summer air was still too hot to be this close for too long. “You need to go,” he mumbled into Steve’s chest.
The affirmations usually worked better when they weren’t interspersed with lies.
Brock caught Steve’s eye, giving him an incredulous look, but Steve just waved him off. A few people tried to stop Tony, some as blatant as stepping in front of him, but Tony simply brushed them away like he was parting a sea with his hands.
They’d planned to meet at the dance beside the oak tree on the lawn. The school had set up a spot for photos there, twinkle lights hanging from the branches, which meant people were gathered and watching.
He typed and deleted half a dozen responses before settling on a double thumbs up and “Pleasant dreams.”
The air inside the car was stifling, his AC having shit the bed at the start of July. The sun was setting, though, so there would be a reprieve from the heat soon, and if he could just man up and go inside the school gym, he’d be a lot cooler, too.
Gravity clung to him, making him feel weighted as he realized he’d been the cause. He’d been the reason they hadn’t worked out. It had been him all along. He should have talked to Tony, trusted him, and because he didn’t—what had he lost?
He’d gotten ready, and everything had been fine until he’d found Jarvis struggling to extract Howard from behind the wheel of Tony’s car, which had been in the driveway, blocking the garage door. The best that he and Jarvis figured out was that Howard had decided to move Tony’s car out of the way and had passed out drunk behind the wheel before he could start the engine.
Tony would be proud. The smug bastard. He
Tony groans, loud - not for show, not anymore, not ever for these two; groans and pushes his hips down as much as he can into Steve’s mouth.
“Is that what you think of yourself as? An Idea?” Steve mouths over his neck, kissing down the side, the slope over his Adam’s apple, down the dimple where his collarbones met.
Not that he cares.
Tony breaks him out.
Tony fumbled forward towards the light switch. His phone attempted to slip through his sweaty fingers but Tony held onto it with a white knuckled grip. He made a last desperate move towards the light switch...
Without anyone to tell him no, it was easy to call the monster God.
Tony grins back lazily, unashamed. He won’t admit to how happy it makes him; some kind of abstract satisfaction in watching Thor at his element: how sublime he was, how
———————
“I'd like to think you would have been proud” the Hydra Supreme had said, from the videos a shamefaced SHIELD agent had given him. The Hydra Supreme,- who'd apparently been more vocal about Steve's feelings than Steve had
However, it seems to get harder and harder everyday, when the simplest thing can set him off.
Steve sighs and leaves him be. He had more important things to do than catering to Tony Stark's endless needs.
cock still aches between his legs. Thor had taken what he could; because that’s what everyone always did when Tony gave them the chance - dancing like his presence was all he had to offer.
Steve never approved of to win, and Steve would struggle to keep his thoughts and priorities in order.
Steve would introduce Tony to the softer nipple clamps he had gotten much earlier when he forgave him for what they now called ‘The Incident with the Dicks and Bees (The Unmentionable IDB for short)’.
“You do not know who you are,” he repeats “but
Steve’s tongue is warm where it touches Tony’s opening. Warm and wet. Despite his reputation, Tony has not actually had many lovers who’d done this for him. Done this
“Fe-”
“I don’t want to talk about prison,” he says, mostly to break the awkward silence.
them. Like they were performers. Like they were
------
Tony was used to being an instrument of visual appreciation to his lovers. Steve had drawn him in ways that would have put the Athenians to shame. Legs open, with Steve’s spend still staining his skin. By the window, head thrown back - a scrap of white draped over his shoulder, the only consideration for his modesty. In the bath, amongst roses and candles, in the Gym after a bout of sparring - if Steve so pleased, his boxing glove on Tony’s own hand. It was flattering, it truly was. Tony did enjoy the way eyes tended to darken around him. Enjoyed the way strong men like Thor or Steve struggled to breathe straight when he got too close. Enjoyed the way a well-fitting suit could make even the Illuminati sputter and lose focus in his presence.
.” he spreads his arms wide; showing his brand new body off to Thor, “What do we do about that?”
He really wished he had kissed Steve before he left.
He'd take Steve’s hatred, as long as Steve was alive to hate him.
“How long will you both dance to this tune?” Thor asks, coming to their rescue.
“Steve…” Tony tried to push Steve off, and when Steve wouldn’t budge, pushed harder. Tony struggled, pulling at his wrist; something was wrong. Steve would never have boxed Tony in like this, especially if Tony explicitly told him to let go. Tony ran a mental tally of all the possibly terrible things he could’ve done that month. Unplugging all the TVs when Steve had wanted to watch Grey’s Anatomy came to mind. Hardly one of Tony’s worse sins, really.
Tony is worried. He wouldn’t tell Steve of course. Steve trusts him so blindly and faithfully.
They hold him down, fond nostalgia and tender love, not something even he could escape. When Tony comes with a miserable wrung out moan, hands grasping for them both, he is utterly incapable of moving, but he
The fourth time Steve and Tony try to do something adventurous, they decide on not having any toys, definitely no weird-clothing and would have sex immediately; no procrastination.
Tony would know. He would understand. Tony was always ready to help. Even with his skin coming apart at the seams with the effort of it. He should be able to help Steve. But,- Tony, he was still naïve. Optimistic in a way only someone living atop a castle could be, and trust was a hard earned commodity,- the one thing Tony had never been able to successfully sell.
Tony had left Steve behind to rot. It shouldn’t be such a horrid awful thing. The thought of Tony in a place like the Myrmidon made him feel cold all over. Like he could never be happy again.
"Winghead" he needles, rubbing against Steve like an over eager puppy. Like if he'd tried hard enough Tony's own
Tony ripped off his shirt, tearing it into strips, desperately struggling to reduce the blood flow. He placed a hand on Steve’s throat to feel his pulse; it was beating very very faintly, and Tony suspected the only reason he could hear it was due to some leftover Extremis in his bloodstream.
Maybe they should have started with something simpler. Like kissing and maybe holding hands in public.
Tony wakes up to Steve. His eyes are red-rimmed and swollen. He’s thin and weak and so pale he’s almost translucent. He’s still the most beautiful thing Tony has ever seen.
He heard Ty and Rumiko’s footsteps grow closer and gripped the door tightly. A beat passed, and then they whispered something and left the kitchen.
Tony raises up a bit on his toes, the bedrock is uneven, or he wouldn’t have had to do that. It does not smart, and Tony knows Steve would appreciate the illusion of submission. He traces a gleaming drop of water down the side of Steve’s face. He shivers, trembles, arms tensing and slacking around Tony’s body, like he didn’t know any better. Like he didn’t care that they’d learned to exploit weaknesses and vulnerability years ago. Steve was not one for being particularly untrusting.
The problem of course came up when they actually had to
Tony had had a lot of dreams about the legacies he'd leave behind. Doom hadn't been one of them.
He thinks of how terrified Tony must have been when he'd woken up with no memories. How alone.
'But..but Cap, you were been mind-controlled! It isn't your fault!' he can almost
worried for Tony that he really didn’t really think twice, he just surged up and kissed Steve. For all the build up and time it had taken them to get to this moment, it felt almost anti-climatic, no fireworks going off, Steven Price not playing in the background. All the same it was as close to perfection as it got.
-------------------
He took a few deep breaths, calming his racing heart. He pushed himself back to his feet and crawled over to the mirror again. Upon closer inspection, Tony realized that the black threads on his skin weren’t vines, they were
Tony was the one who stayed up all night when Steve wanted to talk to him, Tony was the one who Steve let win because he actually
Tony opens his mouth, but Thor gets his words in: “Join us, Captain. The water is warm,” he flicked his head toward the water, before turning around to look at Tony, “The company,-
“You didn’t always.” as soon as the words crawl their cheap snivelling way out of his throat, he wishes he could take them back. It’s a bitter, petty thing. They’d both suffered way too much to return to this kind of talk. But cruelty was the only language they spoke - and health was something easily disregarded. In a balance of scales, Steve has no ground.
What was it that Steve had done then?
Tony mumbles his name again, face hidden in Steve's throat, tugging at the zipper of his stupid old biker jacket.
Steve struggles to sit up the Agent hurriedly placing pillows behind him to support his back.
Tony grins at him sheepishly. His eyes are exhausted, but he looks healthy. He looks good, and Steve tells him so.
Stark remained silent and Steve let him stew. Experience had taught him better than to interrupt Tony when he was in one of his melancholic moods, it wouldn’t get him anywhere apart from getting his head ripped off.
This is a level of vulnerability Tony wouldn’t trust, not even with himself, let alone other people.
Steve is just glad Tony hadn’t forgotten him. Isolation was hard.
Later, he is sleepy and mussed, laid over Thor’s cape with Steve on one side and Thor on the other. Tony’s hair blows in tandem with Thor’s breath. Brushing cool and cleansing over his forehead, Thor’s arms tight around his hips and Steve’s.
Tony woke up slowly. He nuzzled into the soft warm skin beneath him, comfortably warm for the first time all day, and rubbed his eyes. Steve had one arm thrown over Tony’s shoulder, and the other resting softly at his nape. Tony stifled a small smile, gently pushing away from 250 pounds of gorgeous super soldier and slipping his feet into the fluffy red and gold shoes he had insisted on bringing along. Steve had sulked over them all the way to the cottage.
Maybe now that Steve had gotten what he wanted, he’d go bother someone else with his stupid muscles.
Steve told himself he didn’t care, but then why did it feel like all the air had been sucked out of the room?
Hearing breathing there in the hallway, Tony glanced over, not daring to make eye contact because that was an invitation he was not willing to extend at the moment. “Sorry, I didn’t know someone else was having a breakdown out here already. I’ll just—” he pointed at the other side of the double doors and leaned back against the wall.
Steve had judged the people in the gym, calling them shallow and self-centered in his head, when in truth, Steve was no better than them.
Growing up smaller than everyone else and with a big mouth to boot meant that Steve got in a lot of fights, and high school proved no different than the playground.
“Yeah,” Tony agreed, still unhappy that their evening was coming to a close. “Wait—Quicksilver? They’re playing tomorrow night at the Ruckus Room in the city. I go past there every day on my way to work.”
over to see that—let alone somebody I
Tony thought bitterly. The more things changed, the more they stayed the same. That had held true for the entirety of his adult life so far as well. Even now, he could count on one hand the number of people he really considered friends.
The guys all just laughed knowingly, patted him on the back, and punched his shoulder. He wished he’d listened to Rhodey.
Tony felt his face tingling, and he couldn’t tell if he’d gone pale or flushed. Honestly, had he actually expected anything else? No… but he’d
This left Tony—eighteen for almost a week—as the responsible adult because Jarvis couldn’t legally sign anything because he wasn’t related to them. But, at least Jarvis had helped with some of the receptionists’ criticism.
