“Tony?” Rhodey moved to Tony’s side. “You’ve got that look on your face.”
He trusted Bucky, had trusted him for all his life, even when he’d been the Winter Soldier with death in his eyes. He trusted Tony too, had trusted him from the moment he’d sacrificed himself for the people of New York, taking a nuclear warhead into an alien portal.
, Tony. For ten minutes, at least.”
The skeptical looks he got from the rest of his team was only a little annoying. “Oh, come on!” he exclaimed. “One time!”
“One.” The finality of the reply sucked the air out of the room.
“Lucifer likes wearing Sammy as his meatsuit,” Dean said with a snarl.
“Start fixing the fucking disaster my actions created,” Tony snapped. He saw Bruce go a little pale. “Sorry.” He put a hand on Bruce’s arm, held him in place. “I’m freaking out because I don’t know how to make things better.”
“I thought Rogers was the little guy,” Tony said before he could shut his stupid mouth.
Bucky slithered up Tony’s back, plastering his body over Tony’s. “You’re talking too much,” he rumbled.
Rhodey seemed unsure. “I kinda don’t like leaving Tony right now.”
Tony wanted to scream. “Something is
“I meant doing it alone,” Natasha said, squeezing him. “That won’t happen again.” It wasn’t a request.
Pierce didn’t move as Fury stalked towards him. “You know how the game works.”
“Why not?” Coulson tipped his head to the side, considering Tony. “Nothing has changed apart from the reports of my death being greatly exaggerated.”
“I have been asked to relay a message to you,” T’Challa said, an undertone of amusement in his voice.
Tony decided to retreat to his workshop. He didn't want the mental image of Thor dissecting his sex life any longer. As it usually included Thor telling Tony about his
Tony adored him.
“I believe we should put the good doctor in the stasis pod until we have discovered a way to cure him,” Thor suggested. “He grows ever weaker.”
“What was that?” Bruce's question was almost too soft to hear.
“No,” he admitted. “I thought about asking Tony to find him.”
eh...Tony freaks out. Steve talks to Fury. Bucky gets an arm. Tony gets drunk.
“Tony, what’s going on?” Steve asked.
“Ding, ding, ding! We have a winner!” Tony declared, ignoring Strange’s scathing glare.
Tony sighed. “I’m sure I built a sense of humor into J.A.R.V.I.S,” he muttered. “What happened when you were created?”
“I got heat signatures,” Tony told Steve.
“Stop whining, Mr. Stark.” The nurse patted his head as though he was a puppy. “The sooner you let us get this over with, the sooner you can go back to being an idiot.”
Steve hated this feeling of helplessness. “I wish I could…” He stopped.
“Yeah.” Sam didn’t sound enthusiastic.
“It was either put Tony Stark in charge or put all superhumans in jail.” Coulson was even blunter than Tony had been. He was also over-sharing. This wasn’t supposed to come out.
“Perhaps I can answer that for you, Mr. Stark.” The mellifluous voice took them all by surprise. The speaker was tall with a narrow face, dark eyes and hair.
He’d come back to save them all.
“F.R.I.D.A.Y. knew where I was!” Tony protested, barely resisting the urge to hide behind Steve. Tall, broad Steve who would save him from his inevitable death by spiked heel.
He took several shaky breaths, trying to get his body under control. Bucky gripped his thigh with his hand. “Come on, punk, you can fall apart once we know that Stark’s okay.”
“According to Mr. Wilson, the Captain was last seen on Helicarrier Charlie, attempting to replace the chip that replaced the targeting system. There seems to have been another individual sent by HYDRA to stop the Captain’s mission.”
Tony closed his eyes. “Take him then,” he whispered. “Just tell me where later.”
“Before you all freak out, Dr. Banner agreed to undergo the treatment. We
a ship,” Tony corrected him. “Short for ‘relationship’.” Sue him, he loved the internet. Any stories, especially those about him were of supreme interest.
“And yet, the moment your friend was in danger, the team was done.” Tony just sounded sad now, and Steve hated it.
There’s another, Steve thought. A precious, real smile that showed, beneath all the damage done to Bucky, his friend was still there, still fighting to come back to him.
created Ultron, Tony. You can’t take this on your shoulders alone. I won’t let you.” He smiled, a sad, pitiful thing that made Tony want to rub at his chest. “Why do you think I left after Sokovia? There was no way the Other Guy would ever be seen as a hero again. I could see what was coming and I knew I couldn’t do it.”
“What?” Tony’s mouth fell open. “You what?”
“Pfft” Tony shrugged. “Another day, another murder threat from Captain America.” He grinned at Bucky. “It's amazing what sort of things you get used to. It's kinda comforting, you know?”
Tony and Bruce exchanged a glance. “Who is it?” Tony’s throat closed. Somewhere deep inside him, he knew the answer already.
Bucky kissed the way Tony kissed, Steve thought, a little dazed by the feelings punching through him. Purpose and determined fire behind every flick of tongue. It was a little like stepping into a wildfire.
Things were a little more subdued inside than at the usual Avengers gathering. Bruce had given up on the piano, thank god, and was talking with Vision in a corner.
Thor shook his head. “The Collector can move between universes,” he said with an apologetic look. “He has no concern for this one.”
Tony was panting. “If I could bottle that I’d make a fucking fortune,” he announced.
Everything else was just gravy.
“I’m not looking for you to pardon them.” Tony ignored the twinge of agony his words caused. This wasn’t the time for sentimentality. “I’m looking for you to make it better for those of us who believe in the idea behind the Accords.”
“Can we not?” Steve begged. “We actually have serious work to do.”
“No!” Crowley’s face was as red as his eyes. “This isn’t possible!”
Tony stared at him. “You used magic to shut up the President of America?” He wasn’t sure if he admired Loki or if it made him even more scary.
this petty.
Loki’s smile was thin. “I don’t believe we said that.”
“I’m going to die and you’ll have to explain my corpse to Fury.” Tony groaned as Bucky’s tongue laved across his hole.
,” Crowley said, making his way past several tables. Now that Tony knew what he was looking for, he could see the expressions of misery on the faces of the men being fondled by the women.
“Laura.” Tony held an arm out and she climbed onto the bed, falling into him as she’d done several times since this entire thing had started. “I know how much you love him. Don’t punish him for doing what he thought was right.”
Tony, Steve and Bucky hung out in the living room with Clint, waiting for the Winchesters while the others headed to the gym. Working out a little boredom by beating each other up wasn’t the worst way to pass the time.
“So rude!” Tony stomped away. “I’m expected to save the universe on an empty stomach.” He threw himself dramatically down next to Steve.
Bucky flat-out laughed. It made Tony happy to make Bucky laugh. Bucky should always laugh, he thought.
“So what’s the plan, Thor?” Tony asked. “How do we stop this Thanos dude from getting all of the stones and turning the universe into a pile of rubble? I’m assuming there
Loki’s mouth thinned. “That doesn’t excuse my actions.”
The fourteen year-old inner girl squeed and passed out.
Tony snorted a laugh before he could stop himself. He’d forgotten just how much of a dick Captain America could be. “Yeah,” he agreed. “Rhodey would kick your ass if he heard you."
worse one.
Steve shrugged, getting up and tugging Bucky up with him. “About the same.”
He held out his hands. “Where else can they go?” he asked again. “Who else will take them in and not put them in chains as they step off the plane?”
easy options.”
However, he’d learned through several uncomfortable staring contests and one remarkably humiliating fire-man carry, that Vision watched him like a hawk and if he believed it was time for Tony to sleep, then Tony would sleep.
Until next time <3
“Well, technically we brought ourselves,” Tony offered helpfully. Then his mouth slammed shut. He knew without looking that this was Strange’s doing.
Coulson sighed. “I will speak with Dr. Strange and get back to you as soon as possible.”
Tony narrowed his eyes at him. “Why did I want you back again?” he asked.
“I’d burn the world down,” Steve assured him, mouth tight and angry. Tony believed him.
They were beautiful together, Tony thought as he watched Bucky take Steve’s cock in his mouth. Bucky closed his eyes, fingers digging into the meat of Steve’s ass while an expression of sheer bliss washed over both of their faces.
Steve waited impatiently as Bruce took Bucky’s blood pressure and pulse. “He’s not waking up.”
Steve couldn’t breathe. “I…What?” His chest hurt and he ruthlessly shoved the impending anxiety attack back.
“What?” He blinked at Rhodey.
“Unless
“They were killed in a car accident.” Tony tugged at Bucky’s hair, forcing him to look at him. “Where is this going?”
Bucky’s expression remained blank. “I can’t think of anything positive about me being a killer.”
He shrugged, tapping his head. “I have access to Wikipedia.”
I do apolgise for being late but I've had the dreaded lurgy & then got distracted by Civil War & now I want to write it!
“But you knew it was him?” Tony probed.
“Well, ‘friendly’ sure changed a lot in the couple of months I’ve been gone,” Bruce noted.
“Of course he isn’t.” Strange shook his head. “I will be going with him.”
“Here goes nothing,” Clint muttered.
Bucky lifted his head. “So far, you’ve played your cards way too close to your chest, but you haven’t lied.”
Bucky’s eyes snapped open. “What!” He struggled to sit up, and both Steve and Tony helped him to his feet.
“And why didn’t we know about that?” Clint was caressing his bow in an uncomfortably phallic manner.
Steve snorted another laugh, this time against Tony’s neck.
“We need to make this right.” It was Sam who voiced what they were all thinking. Sam, who had trusted Steve, followed him because they were brothers in arms in more ways than one.
” Skurge said. “
“Yeah.” He unhooked his shield, left it with Sam. “Don’t play with it,” he warned.
“The Darkness is contained for now.” Sam’s reply took Tony by surprise. “We wouldn’t have come if we weren’t sure it wouldn’t jeopardize our situation.”
“Now that is a goddam polite way of putting it,” Sam agreed.
“Drink?” Clint asked from behind the bar. He and Sam were busy pulling out bottles of everything they could find.
idea,” Natasha muttered. Tony agreed. There had been several traumatizing nights of very loud Asgardan sex and singing. Tony really didn’t know how Jane did it.
“That is my intention,” Thor agreed. “I have come to tell you of where the casket that bears our friend has been placed.”
a comfortable one.
“Back off, Fido, he’s not available.” Tony declared it like it meant nothing. It made Steve’s heart hurt when he saw the pure delight on Bucky’s face.
Matilda suddenly moved forward, slinking on her stomach towards Thor, mewling in the back of her throat. To Steve, it sounded like a child's cry for help. It made every hair on his body stand on end.
“Phil,” Steve replied, shaking his outstretched hand. “It’s good to see you.””
Tony sputtered a little, distracted enough not to notice he’d been backed up against his bed. He swung his head to glare at Bucky. “You’re
“There’s place with me,” Steve offered.
Vision nodded. “And yet, Agent Barton, when the Captain called, you came.”
Tony glared at Thor. “Seriously?”
Irrefutable logic, however, wasn’t high on Tony’s list today. “He can’t make me leave.” Tony focused on the intricate welding he was attempting while his brain was in freak-out mode.
And then kiss him stupid.
“You love me?” Tony stared at him. He hurt. It damaged him deep inside, in a place he’d thought he’d barricaded forever.
Rhodey had been looking between them, trying to follow the conversation. “Space? Seriously?”
“Depends on Tony,” Rhodes said with a shrug. “But don’t push. He’ll react by shoving you so far away from him that you’ll never be allowed back.”
Steve saw Tony’s minute twitch and knew something had happened with Wanda that had set Tony. “I’m fine, thanks.” Steve was so sick of hearing that by now.
Tony clasped a hand to his chest. “As if I ever exaggerate, Doctor Banner!”
“Yeah.” Steve smiled too. “You did good, Tony.”
Steve dropped his head against the back of the sofa. “I’ve been thinking about that myself,” he admitted. He still needed to figure out what had woken him.
.” He pointed a finger between Steve and Bucky.
“You can end my wretched life,” Loki informed him. “Perhaps my death will satisfy the gods and Asgard will be spared.”
Tony could feel Steve shaking against him. Bucky wasn’t much better, crowding him from behind.
“Thanks.” Natasha plucked the cup out of his hands, arching an eyebrow when he opened his mouth to protest.
Steve waited for Bucky. Tony wouldn’t allow him to enter the compound. He sat beneath one of the huge trees surrounding the buildings and doodled awhile.
Tony beamed at him. “We can meet the rest of the team in Washington,” he said. "I can fly us there.”
“Better at what?” Tony demanded.
“We’re friends,” Steve insisted, even as he allowed Tony to grab one of his hands and tug him closer. “I’d never do anything to jeopardize that.”
“Avoiding a war,” Tony said, shivering as reaction set in. He’d just gambled with all of their futures.
“It seems like no-one can resist Captain America,” Dean said.
. And then wondered if it was his place to share it with anyone else.
A rueful smile and, “Thor is a fucking menace.”
Tony tossed the whiskey back with a moan of happiness. “I’m so glad I made you the boss of me,” he told her. He gave the glass back to her.
“Dew sex machine, right Uncle Tony?” Lila asked, grinning at him.
much Thor had talked about the Avengers to his Asgardian friends and family.
The burning on his eyelids had Tony blinking awake. “Who opened the blinds, my girl Friday?” he asked, rolling over and shoving his face into his pillow.
Bruce smiled suddenly. “He said something about the magic not working properly because of his scam.”
“Of course, sir.” The dialling tone in his ear came a moment later.
“Not really,” Steve said softly. “She’s always been aware. I just think that she’s finally found her voice.” He felt a little bit like a proud father.
“Aha!” Tony bellowed through the comms, feedback ringing everyone’s ears. “Take that, you bastard!”
“Thanos is there,” Nebula agreed.
“You?” Steve’s fists clenched. “What gives you the right?” Bruce looked a little green at the mouth, clearly struggling to keep the Hulk under control.
Tony let his mouth curve a little. “Until you rate me as a friend, I’ll carry on calling you Jim, okay?” They’d agreed on that the first day. Tony wasn’t altogether sure an adult male should
Pepper sputtered a laugh. “You are, as always, a master of observation, Jarvis.” She patted his cheek. “Don’t let him work too late.” Rhodey dropped an arm across her shoulders as they headed out, pressing a kiss to her ear.
Steve turned and sat down on the edge of Tony’s stupidly enormous bed with a lapful full of amorous Stark. “Don’t say crap like that,” Steve ordered. “That just sounds creepy.”
Tony?
Steve groaned. “Tony!”
Bucky frowned, but pulled back. “Was I doing it wrong?” he rasped, throat sounding thoroughly fucked.
“So have we.” Natasha’s voice was fairly neutral. But her hand came out and rested on Steve’s head. “Tony used to have them.”
Suddenly a pair of long legs was in front of the bench and Steve’s pretty blue eyes were peering into his. “I didn’t hear from Tasha so I thought I’d better come see for myself.” He smiled. “You planning on staying there?”
Tony reached behind him to touch Steve’s hand. “I’m not the one you should worry about.”
“No,” Bruce said thoughtfully. “That actually would explain a lot.”
Thor swallowed hard. “According to Heimdall, Asgard will be swallowed up within a few days.” Loki looked like he wanted to vomit.
“Oh, that sounds wonderful,” Tony sighed. “So I made contact with the Ancient Aliens.”
Tony was properly terrified of Natasha so he hurried after Thor to do just that. “Thor! Buddy! Point Break!”
They came at the same time, yelling and crying a little, pressed against each other, glued together by sweat and come.
Tony stepped nearer, offering Jim nothing else but the warmth of his body. Words wouldn’t comfort him. “I’d go back and kill them all over again if I could,” he told Jim.
“Right,” Sam agreed. “So, when we want to have words with him, we summon him.”
Sam put his head on the table, shoulders shaking.
didn’t sound angry, just confused.
Bucky shrugged. “I’m remembering more and more and he was my best friend.” He watched Tony carefully. “But I’ll go along with whatever you want to do.”
Bucky wiped his nose with the back of his hand. “Like you'd ever back off, even if I asked,” he scoffed. He didn't sound mad at the thought.
He nodded his thanks and headed for the bathroom. He stood under the shower, looking through the glass wall to the Malibu coastline below. He wondered exactly how he’d managed to get here. His memory was a blank space. He’d clearly done a good job of getting his drunk on.
“And you have no intention of trying to rescue your brother?” Crowley’s little lip-curl was nasty. “He won’t be able to function in the world again. He’s been Michael’s bitch for too long.”
Tony manfully resisted the urge to stick his tongue out. He reached for the
“So, I’ll meet you in Washington?” Tony was done with arguing over the phone. “You can be pissed off at me then.”
worst house-guest,” Tony mused, staring down at the singed grass.
“It’s total over-compensation,” Tony confessed. “I have a tiny dick.”
Tony watched Wilson struggle with the idea that he might have to kill the most powerful man on the planet. “Fuck.”
Several corridors and an elevator ride later, Colonel Lee stopped in front of a large door. The keypad had been melted into a mass of metal and plastic.
“Yes.” Steve hated to admit it, but he swallowed hard as his breath sped up again. “I don’t want anything to happen to ….”
Tony wanted to weep and hold on to Bucky, promise him that he’d never feel like that again. But he didn’t. He knew what nightmares were. Each of them had to deal with their own.
cause this?” Steve asked. He didn’t think he’d ever felt so small.
Thor glanced over at Loki, nodding once. The lightning came to his fingers in strands of power. “Can you pull the stone from our friend’s form with your power?”
“And if I said I did?” Jim’s eyes watched him carefully.
Tony lowered his gaze when his neck started hurting. “A green light.” He thought he showed admirable self-control in not being sarcastic. Steve would be proud of him.
“Can you please patch a call through to Vision?”
“I could hear your every thought!” Tony told him.
“He’s my brother,” Thor said. “I love him and will do whatever I must to restore him to his proper form.” He paused. “What happens after is no guarantee.”
Steve laughed. “I doubt that will save any time. Or water.” He bent down to kiss Tony again. “A quick reminder. I am in love with you. I want to be with you forever. Let’s get on with living.”
“Was his blood purple?” Tony asked, because really, the important things. He ignored Steve’s disapproving glare.
Steve scrubbed at his eyes. “I just wanted to say hi to my friend,” he murmured, almost to himself. One phone call and everything had changed forever.
Tony stuck his tongue out at him. “So what do you suggest, Mr. Maturity?”
Steve shook his head, looking at Natasha and Bruce sitting together on the sofa. “You’re all drunk,” he said.
“Um.” Dean’s hesitation was an inauspicious start.
Tony frowned. “What, you want me to bring up a schematic?”
“No!” Tony shouted. “Outside, you idiot! I’m not going to fix
Bucky looked frantic. He hadn’t stopped pacing since they’d discovered Tony missing.
Tony put up a hand. “How about you leave your brother here, take someone less … Asgardian… with you?” He watched Steve begin to protest. “I’m just saying, keeping Loki here is sort of collateral. Assurance that the Collector will hand over the stone.” Steve snapped his mouth shut.
“Like what?” Tony’s muffled question surprised Steve.
Before anyone could react to this, the other woman stepped in front of her. “My name is Carol Danvers. I’m from Earth and I think you should listen to her.”
“I don’t want to be taking advantage of you in an emotionally compromised state,” Steve said as he sucked at the tendon of Tony’s neck. It was going to leave one hell of a mark.
“Tony, if you say one more word, I swear to God…” Steve’s jaw felt like it had turned to stone.
“Burgers and fries with beer, now that’s real food,” Dean said. He and Bucky were clearly soul-mates, Tony thought.
“Captain Rogers and Sergeant Barnes are in the gymnasium, sir.”
Bucky’s chuckle was a filthy sound. His hand moved unerringly to Steve’s dick, fingers wrapping around it surely. “What was that?” Bucky crooned as he licked Steve’s ear.
Wilson shook his head. “It’s too big and heavy. Stop asking me the same stupid questions, Tony.”
“A lot more Bruce, a lot less the Other Guy,” Bruce admitted.
Turns out he had plenty to wear. And thank you, Potts for pointing that out to him. But he also didn’t have anything in his admittedly awesome wardrobe that screamed, ‘take me and fuck me, both of you stud muffins’. Which was why he was having a minor melt-down.
“We’re still facing charges,” Natasha said, obviously choosing her words carefully. “Tony may have amended the Accords and the UN may agree to them, but there is no way we walk back home without facing
“Once F.R.I.D.A.Y. informed me that you were coming back here, I thought it best to be here myself,” Vision said serenely, nodding at Wanda as she strolled past him. “There was no longer a need to avoid your questions.”
“You’re covered with Captain cooties,” Rhodey said, shrugging him off.
“Then you’re done in the superhero business.” Tony decided that bluntness was the only option. “Either you’re with me or you’re done.”
“General Ross has something like that tattooed on his arm,” Bruce said, face troubled. “I remember it from when Betty and I were together. I can’t think that this is good.”
“Man, now I feel shit that I crapped on him,” Clint said.
“I have no idea what he sees in you,” Bucky confessed.
“You are not sleeping, Captain.” T’Challa’s voice startled Steve out of his thoughts.
Loki moved closer to his brother. “We could perhaps do it if we combined our powers.”
“Tony, what’s the deal?” Steve asked, nodding towards the hologram.
“Captain Rogers, Thor and Loki have requested your presence as soon as possible,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. told him as the doors closed.
“Seriously, Tony?” It was Steve’s turn to hiss at him apparently. He bumped Tony’s shoulder as they walked.
She slapped a key tied to a wooden....key into his hand. Tony grinned at the delicious irony. “Room number four. No noise.” She pointed to a rickety looking door to the left.
“Bored.” She laughed. “He’s coming to visit tomorrow. Wants to have some fun with the new recruits.”
“I have no problem trusting Tony,” Rhodey said, bristling a little.
“Tony’s got a plan,” Steve said.
“I’m not a weapon,” Steve protested. T’Challa didn’t reply, just stared at him. “Bucky was
Tony scrubbed at his face. “I want to hate you. I really do, Rogers.”
“You’re lying.” Bucky was as blunt as Thor’s hammer as he got back to his feet.
“I don’t want you to hate me. It’s not just Steve who’s crazy about you,” Bucky confessed, none of the familiar cock-sure attitude in his face. This was the real Bucky, the guy that Steve had been willing to give up his life to save.
“Infinitely,” Tony said with a snort.
Pepper shook her head so hard it should have given her whiplash. “Not. Another. Word.”
Natasha nodded. “I’ll tag along.”
And they’d failed.
Bruce followed him. “No telling. He has the Power and Space Stones. That already makes him the strongest creature in the whole universe. If he gets his hands, on all six Stones, Tony...” Tony had seen Bruce nervous. He’d seen him afraid. He’d
Bruce went pale. “Tony, please, not Natasha. I can’t deal…”
“You know him?” Coulson asked.
“Aye, he has one.” Thor’s annoyance was audible. “I think perhaps I should handle this business on my own.”
“So, tell us about the end of the world, Queen of the Night,” Tony sang.
“Tony.” It was only his name, but it carried a wealth of meaning.
“We really aren’t.” Clint pushed past Sam into the room, flopping down next to Natasha. “I wonder if we ever were.”
Ugly Dude, who bore a more than passing resemblance to Squidward, spoke, “Hear me, and rejoice. You are about to die at the hands of the Children of Thanos. Be thankful, that your meaningless lives are now contributing to...”
“What? You mean like this?” Tony asked, tugging Bucky forward and kissing him. With tongue.
Steve flopped onto his back with a groan. Tony took a moment to admire all of that gorgeous pale flesh. He wanted to mark him in the worst way.
“I think that means he's okay with it.” Tony turned back to Bucky.
“We could
“Well, this has been a whole barrel of laughs, but I have to get over there and save my boos,” Tony said, thumbing towards the melee on the other side. “Smell you later, Set.” He let the name fall from his lips like an after-thought and was gratified to see Lucifer’s eyes go wide with shock. “Your jewelry is with the Asgardians. It’s not going to be of any use to you now.”
“That’s awesome, Buck.” Steve was grateful for at least
Tony felt he was obliged to take exception to that. “I'm insular.”
“Was it something about me?” Bucky asked again.
Bucky’s smile lit up his face. “Nat wanted to know if you had made nice with the big guy.” He lifted a hand and ran it over Tony’s back. It was all still so new that Tony got a thrill from simply being able to touch.
Tony opened his eyes. The desert sand had crawled into every crevice. It was going to be pouring out of him for years. He gazed around at the shards of the exoskeleton spread around him like some sort of metallic, broken butterfly.
Bucky watched him and then squeezed his hand. “You don’t have to say anything, Tony.”
“Shut the fuck up, Stark, and let the man apologize.” Rhodey leveled a “Colonel Rhodes” look at him.
“What about you, Buck?” he heard Steve ask.
Tony chuckled. “If I say ‘take me to bed, or lose me forever’, are you going to know what movie I’m referencing?” he asked as the doors slid open on Tony’s floor.
“Okay, everyone, time out.” It was Clint’s voice that broke into the charged atmosphere. He walked over to Loki with Natasha close at his heels. “You know I’m not your biggest fan,” he told Loki who shrugged carelessly. “But we need full intel. We can’t go blind into this.” His face was set in hard lines. “It’s not just
find a way to kill you.”
surprise us anymore?”
“You should ask him about it the next time you see him,” Vision said, watching Steve closely. “I think you may be surprised at the answer.”
Dean sighed. “The one the church has used to scare the kids into being obedient for centuries, yeah.” He met Tony’s gaze. “But trust us when we say, what you’ve read about the douche is only about half as bad as he really is.” Dean’s eyes slid over to where Sam sat, thumb pressing his palm.
~o0o~
He sighed in resignation. DUM-E, watching Pepper and Tony together, had come to the conclusion that hugs were the best way to make Tony happy.
Bruce shook his head. “Nope, Rhodey took you down, Tony. You cheated.”
Tony opened his mouth to whine when he looked at Bruce. Kind, loyal, constant Bruce who looked like he hadn’t slept in months. “Okay,” he said voice uncharacteristically meek.
Bucky suddenly shoved Steve away, rolling back and up to his feet. “You keep your fucking mouth shut, Rogers.” His voice shook.
Steve sighed. “Sit down, please. Have something to eat.” He ushered Tony towards the breakfast nook currently occupied by Sam and Bucky.
“That looks like dental floss,” Dean observed.
“He called me beloved.” Thor's words were almost a whisper.
“So, setting course for Fiji?” Clint asked, glancing back at them.
Tony felt his own anger bubble up. “Well, ex-fucking-cuse me for not trusting the asshole who almost killed me the last time I saw him!"
But that was a time two years in the future. All he could do now was focus on making sure they never got to that point.
“Mine.” Tony brushed the long strands of hair from Bucky’s face in a move so tender it made Steve choke up. “Ours. Yours. Bucky.”
Rhodes shook his head. “No thunder or lightning in sight,” he said.
“I'm not dead.” Bucky looked back down at his hands.
Tony flipped him off without moving his mouth from Bucky’s.
Bucky nodded. “I know.” He rotated his neck on his shoulders with a grimace. “It’s just - I get a little paranoid when he’s out of sight.”
Tony was wary. The last time he’d spoken with Uatu, he’d been sent back to right a wrong and ended up with no Pepper and a pair of boyfriends. And just who the hell was the One-Above-All?
“Your word.” Tony let the words hang between them in the now-silent room.
Wanda nodded and waved him off. “His mind is very strong,” she said, sounding strained. “He does not like being exposed like this.”
“Like beehive only hoove,” Tony whispered loudly. Bucky put a hand over his face and tried to smother his laughter.
wanted to be the one to pull Tony back from an anxiety attack. Not Bucky, not Pepper, not Rhodes. Him. And
The growl that emanated from Bucky’s throat made them both jump. “I swear, Tony, if you say one more thing about taking the rap for this shitshow…”
“And yet you signed it.” Hawley watched him. “Why?”
just say "hitherto undreamt of"?”
“Thanks.” Gasping for air, Tony sat up. “All okay in there?” he asked F.R.I.D.A.Y.
“So, you’ve given up then?” Tony couldn’t help throwing Steve’s words back at him.
Steve wanted to protest, remind them that he’d fought in the War, but something in both Clint and Natasha’s faces stopped him. He closed his eyes. “I just keep stumbling around like a giant baby, bumping into things and breaking them without knowing their value.”
This time the laugh was real as she wrapped her arms around him. “Fuck you, Stark.”
“I didn’t listen to him.” Steve rubbed at his chest, a phantom pain as he remembered his friend’s anguished face. “I didn’t trust him.”
“My turn,” Tony demanded, pulling Steve away from Bucky and up into him. Bucky muttered a protest, but quickly settled for putting his mouth on Steve’s cock
Put like that, Tony realized it hadn’t been a good idea. “Uh…” he prevaricated.
“She's magic,” Tony whispered before he passed out.
“Goddamit,” Tony snarled. “I swear I’m going to reprogram that AI so that all she can do is toast bread and brew coffee.”
was the one who’d pulled the trigger and killed Howard and Maria Stark, he’d run. This time they’d all chased him down. The combined determination of all of the Avengers had resulted in him being found a lot faster the second time around.
Tony blanched, scanning the area. “He’s outside with Coulson,” Natasha said coolly.
Peter got to his feet with a whine. “You’re so mean, Ms. P.”
“There’s no need to be rude!” Tony got in before Steve could say a word. “A simple ‘please’ would have been sufficient.”
“Sir,” F.R.I.D.A.Y broke into Tony’s concentration. He’d left Bruce and Vision arguing about quantum theory a while back. “Captain Rogers is at the door requesting access.”
“I don’t understand why,” Steve said. He stepped up to Vision. “
“Steve.” Bucky's whisper had Steve tense up. Bucky was lying in front of him, not yet sure enough of Sam and Rhodey to let them lie at his back. Steve had been pathetically grateful for Bucky’s show of trust.
Steve shifted out of the way to let Natasha, Sam and Clint come into the kitchen as well. The kitchen was a little
But this time, they were prepared.
~~~~~~
They left without any fanfare, Bruce’s wave a jaunty flick as he joined two other guys at the door. “Don’t wait up,” he called.
“I am an artificial intelligence, sir. I am programmed to calculate absolutes, not possibilities.” She paused. “Logistically, the likelihood of you having travelled back from the future is approximately five billion to one. Give or take a million.”
Tony gasped and then practically drowned in the water he swallowed. “Seriously?” He coughed some of the water out.
Tony wasn’t going near that particular minefield. “Of course not, Pepperpot. You are a wise and glorious woman. I bow to your superior ability to juggle the world.”
“Beloved,” Clint snorted. “Pain in my beloved ass, is what he is.”
“You have a visitor.”
“You haven’t said anything about it,” Clint said. “What happened there?”
“Dammit, Tony, I can’t keep apologizing!” It was a frustrated growl that burst from Steve and Tony’s eyes went wide. “I’ve said sorry, I’ve said I was wrong, I’ve promised to try to do better. What the fuck do you want from me?”
her off big time.
thank you so much for sticking with me, for reading, commenting, kudo'ing - this has been the longest thing I've ever written & I've fallen in love with the characters....and the fandom.
Steve choked over his food, a startled laugh bubbling up.
The Ancients had left these pods here. Once upon a time, they’d discovered a future version of Pepper in one of them, warning them of the calamity to come which was still something none of them talked about. Now they stood empty.
Clint got out first, a genuine grin on his face. It had been a while since he’d smiled like that and Tony was prepared to deal with anyone who could put that expression on his friend’s face.
Cap. This wasn’t
“Read it out loud,” Pepper ordered. “And then maybe Thor can help us understand.”
Steve felt the knot that had twisted in his stomach loosen just the slightest bit. “Thank you.”
“Only to those who are looking,” Bruce said.
good man.”
very flashy.”
Bruce and Tony made each other crazy, running from the basement where Tony worked in the tower, to the middle floor of the building, where the Hulk-proofed workshop hummed for Bruce as he worked on tracking the stones, finding a cure for his monster, watching Betty as she carried on with her life without him   -.
“Pete?” Tony blinked in confusion. “Oh hell no!” He took off at a run. “I swear to god, Parker if you’re here I’m going to take away
“Have you noticed how all the villains say the same thing?” Tony asked Richards curiously. “They’re all ‘grr, argh, you will pay’, and then nada. All style and zero substance.”
“He’s like the world’s best
” The voice echoed in Tony’s head like a lost soul.
“You are ready to leave?” Thor asked, looking over towards Bruce and Vision.
“Stop it.” Tony’s mouth was tight as he pulled back from Bucky. “Get that crap out of your head.”
Suddenly Natasha was beside him, her strong arms around him. “You
“Why are you being so cagey?” Hill demanded. She didn’t appear afraid when Thor glared at her.
“That’s not fair.” Steve didn’t know why he was defending Bruce, he’d felt just as abandoned when Banner had left. “It was because of Ultron and Wanda and Johannesburg and everything. I think he’s a lot like me. He’d seen too much war, too much death.”
“Tony?” Coulson had a little frown between his eyes that meant he’d been talking while Tony had spaced out. “Did you hear what I said?”
“Don’t remember,” Bucky admitted. “Waiting for you.”
“Wasn’t going to let everyone else have fun without me,” Steve quipped, clearly trying to distract him. “Besides, Bucky and I owe you an apology.”
Tony loved New York. She was loud and a little dirty, brash and a complete bitch, but she was the city of his dreams.
Sam and Rhodey were playing an aggressive game of “Go Fish”, with Thor offering unhelpful assistance. The air was blue with extremely creative cursing, some of it from Thor.
“With demons.” Bruce’s voice was flat. “How has this become our lives?”
“You’re alive, aren’t you?” She arched one perfect eyebrow.
It was years later that Tony remembered this conversation. Perhaps if he’d paid more attention things would have turned out a little differently.
“Tony.” Pepper’s tone was severe.
too early. Tony threw it across the room where it smashed against the door. “Ngnh,” he drooled into his pillow.
Steve leveled a glare at Loki. “Did you tell him
“No.” Richards’s hands shot out, arms elongating so that they whipped around the bodies of the men who were already reaching into their jackets. “Stay.”
“Isn’t ambrosia the stuff that the Greeks drank?” Tony was confused.
Bruce looked at Bucky, ignoring the dramatics. “Want to come down to my lab and we can have a look at the nasty critters running amok in that brain of yours?”
“You do that, ThunderBall!” Tony yelled as the elevators opened. “And just like the Terminator, I’ll be back!”
“I’ll introduce you to Barney the Dinosaur later,” Tony said. He was astonished at how easily these traumatized children had taken to Barnes. There had been not one single moment of fear.
He ate the grapes, cut a hunk of cheese off the block and lay back on the bed, staring up at the ceiling as he chewed mechanically. Thank god his room was not in the immediate vicinity of Thor’s masterful display of dickheadedness.
“You're the reason I stayed.” Bucky's new hand opened and closed. “I would have been fine with my old arm. It didn't need replacing.”
“Hell is for humans and
Bruce looked doubtful. “That’s sort of deceitful though, isn’t it?” He leaned forward. “Steve knows you, Tony. He likes you as you are. You don’t need to be someone different.”
“Caviar and Vodka,” Natasha declared.
“You are an even bigger dick than I am.” Tony’s voice was almost admiring. “Stop it.”
,” Bucky said, still looking at Tony. “I asked him not to tell you. He said you’d be upset, but I wasn’t ready to face you yet.”
“What are you looking at?” Tony asked, not really expecting an answer.
Steve wanted to protest, to defend his decision, but here, exiled from everything he knew, he couldn’t. “The Accords were wrong.” They were. Steve truly believed it.
“Pfft,” Sam scoffed. “I’m not the one you should worry about.” He looked between Clint and Natasha. “
Words calculated to hurt in the worst possible way. They had cut into him with surprising force and Tony had a feeling that he hadn’t stopped bleeding.
, if you’re late,” Bucky said, towing them behind him.
“Indeed. In exchange for the Tesseract, my brother was promised the Chitauri army,” Thor agreed.
Barnes just stared at him until Tony surged forward, grabbing onto him, afraid he’d disappear again. “Please. Come in.” Tony waited, holding his breath until Barnes took that one step towards him.
Tony turned his head, met Steve’s eyes. “Oh, I’m serious.” He let Steve see just how much he meant it. “ You’re not leaving me behind on this one. I’ll figure out a way to follow you.”
The hairs on Tony’s arms stood up at the quiet rage in her words.
“More of the Stark awful, you mean,” Sam said, helping himself to a tumbler of Tony’s best scotch.
Thor nodded, his eyes fixed on the drawing seven headed-serpent on the Wikipedia page. “Something of this name Set stirs my memory. I will return to Asgard and ask my father Odin about this serpent demon.”
“Mr. Stark?” The trembling voice of a terrified boy had Steve helping Tony over to where Peter stood. “I don’t feel so good.” Steve wanted to scream as he watched tiny particles of ash begin to slide off the kid’s body.
stupid. Bucky wasn’t his only friend, his only family. The people in this house were all part of his heart and he’d managed to break several of them.
Thor put a hand on Loki’s shoulder. The flinch was visible. “According to Heimdall, the Collector is in this universe.”
“I couldn’t, Buck.” Steve took a step towards Bucky, noticed Tony inching away. “Once I knew it was you.”
Tony nodded, his mind racing. “It actually makes more sense with an actual being in the equation. The wall isn’t a thing, but it can be broken. I assume that Loki’s kid has powers that we don’t understand?” He cocked an eyebrow at Loki.
Steve straightened up. “You obviously think it’s important that I know what it’s about,” he said.
“That would be great.” Steve’s eyes shone. “I didn’t think I’d get a chance to be happy in this world.”
?” Bruce demanded, stepping away from Tony.
Loki’s eyes were guarded.
“I’ve attempted to contact Agent Barton, sir. I have not yet managed to get a response.”
“You planning on sleeping here?” Bucky's question had him opening them again.
Steve’s mouth twisted in a smile. “I
Again, a hesitation. “I remember, sir.”
The strains of Queen’s ‘Another One Bites the Dust’ started up and everyone turned to see Clint walking down the aisle.
“Excuse me, Evil Incarnate, but I’m not especially happy about going into a life or death situation without all the information.” Tony stood up next to Steve.
~o0o~
Thor grinned back. “That is indeed how it is,” he agreed.
“If tequila is the drink of the devil, then mead is the drink of the devil’s mother,” Clint declared, shoving half of the Pop Tart in his mouth at once and then yelping when he burnt his tongue.
It was like looking at two versions of his friend at the same time, Steve thought. One was Bucky, the guy he’d counted as his right arm all his life. The other, the scary other, was the Winter Soldier.
“So why make me head of SHIELD?” Fury seemed genuinely curious.
~o0o~
He nodded. “That’s….The Bible…Revelation.”
Tony nodded. “True.” She was quietly evil and would probably be a Death Eater.
“My friend.” Bruce’s tone was uncompromising. “He’s the only reason I’m still around.”
“What?” Tony felt aggrieved. “I was just putting Tall, Dark and Slinky over there in his place.” He pointed at Loki. Who seemed delighted with his new moniker.
Bucky kissed him. “Tony’s experimental concoction is awesome,” he slurred a little, offering him his glass.
Tony was going to complete this mission if only to come back and kick Strange’s ass. He stared up as the dome of the tree root grew closer.
Thor and Loki both jumped to their feet, objecting. “We aren’t any further!” Loki said.
“You were fun to watch.” Bruce grinned. “It was very educational, you and Bucky.”
“The sooner we talk to him, the sooner it’s over with.” Bucky’s logic was irrefutable.
“Hot Tub Time Machine!” Scott yelled.
you are? “ Dr. McSpectacles asked.
“Make time.” Bucky’s words were blunt and hard. “You’ve been enough of a shit father.”
“Fuckers,” Tony muttered as he headed to the bathroom. He’d already traumatized Bruce enough for a lifetime; the least he could do was clean the jizz off his body.
again.”
“So, using that information, I’m assuming that I got the control of the living part of the stone?” Tony asked.
I am still trying to wrap my brain around the surreal news that David Bowie has returned to his home planet. From Loving the Alien to As the World Falls Down, he was the single most important musical influence in my life. #RIPThinWhiteDuke
Bruce’s eyes were sharp. “Like she showed us before Ultron?”
Tony wasn’t looking at him though. His gaze was turned to where Strange sat oddly still. “There was no other way,” Strange told them and drifted into dust.
Steve started laughing. He couldn’t help himself. He tried to get himself under control but nothing worked. Eventually he was heaving breaths as he bent over, gusts of laughter billowing out of him. The tears that ran down his cheeks started out as happy but they turned into salted sadness as he dropped to his knees, sobbing.
Tony glared at him. “Those. Are. Ugly.” He pointed an accusing finger at the duffels.
know shit?” Bucky shook his head. “No wonder Hydra wanted him dead.”
“Tell her to transfer the money to your account,” Bucky ordered.
Bucky burrowed in with a low grumble.
best friend slash boyfriend, who’s god knows where, doing god knows what.” He put a hand on Steve’s shoulder. “It’s perfectly understandable that you’re running on fumes and adrenalin right now.”
“Can I do that too?” Rhodes asked, far too excited at the prospect for Steve’s liking.
“He loved you too,” Tony choked out. “God, Buck, if you could hear how he sounded every time he talked about you.” It had made Tony sick with jealousy. Petty, green-eyed envy monster.
“Tony didn’t appreciate the comparison,” Steve concurred. “Our first meeting was inauspicious to say the least.” His coffee was cold now, its only purpose to keep his hands occupied. “But then, after the battle of New York, he invited us all to stay with him in the Tower.” He met Rhodes’ eyes. “Who does that?”
“Oh god, there’s two of you mothering me now,” Tony groaned. He rolled off the bed, heading for his bathroom. The water was the perfect temperature of course. He stood there, letting the liquid pour over him. He felt as though the last few years were being washed away, a little bit at a time.
Sam shook his head. “I hope she’s a lot less mad at you.” He started saying words that Tony didn’t recognize, although he figured the language was probably Latin. Dean held his arm over the bowl of herbs, cutting a deep slice across his forearm. The blood dripped steadily, hitting the herbs with a small hiss.
On landing in a field behind the mansion, Steve noticed another jet, smaller and more streamlined than the Quinjet. “Who’s that?” he asked Rhodes.
This situation was an explosion waiting to happen.
“We didn’t see anything on him,” Sam said, but he didn’t refute Steve’s idea.
kiss. Bucky hadn't returned it at all.
When he pulled back, Tony chased him with his mouth. “More,” he demanded. “Kisses make me sleepy.” It was worth a try, he thought.
“I decided I’d rather wait here until you’re done,” Steve heard someone say to Tony. For a moment, Steve was in another world, running in the trenches with the Howling Commandos at his heels.
“Jörmungandr is Loki's kid.” Bucky's words had them all turning to look at him.
Steve closed his eyes. “I’m going to kill Thor,” he declared.
“Suck it up, baby. You ran away from her. It’s getting time for all of us to deal.” Tony felt a little mean, but he really didn’t care. “Rhodey, bring her in.”
Bucky leaned forward and pressed his mouth to Tony’s. It was soft and so quick that Tony barely realized it was happening until after Bucky had moved back. “Thank you.”
Loki’s eyes narrowed. “I can make your life extremely unpleasant,” he hissed.
“Fuck,” Natasha muttered to herself. “That was unnecessarily cruel of Stark.”
“Language!” Five voices chorused at him.
not had a plan, Rogers?”
Tony didn’t want to take the next step, but they had a job to do, and one thing Captain Steven Grant Rogers had taught him over the past few years was that the job came first. He braced himself for what was to come. “Whatever you hear,
“What happened while I was gone?” Tony asked. He was sure the Avengers had kept themselves busy.
Thor came to find them. He looked down at Bucky. “Shall I take him from you?”
She curled her thin lips in a smile. “They do say that cream rises to the top.”
Bucky leaned in to kiss him, soft and slow. “But I’m
Bucky glanced at him. “It
Thanos had destroyed the stones, Thor chopped off the Titan’s head in a fit of rage, and they were back at square one.
Steve almost giggled. It was a terrible, hysterical impulse, but seriously, what the fuck was his life?
And I don't know if it's worth the wait but at least I know where I'm going now.
Steve’s smile was wry. “You’re a good friend, Sam.”
Tony looked sharply at him. “You mean you don’t know?” This wasn’t comforting.
He got to work.
Avengers Tower is home. Pepper isn't impressed with Tony. Thor arrives and needs a distraction.
“It was an accident?” Loki sounded terrified.
Tony opened his mouth to protest. Natasha’s eyes narrowed. His jaw snapped closed of its own volition.
“Are you saying that the thing he took out of Pepper and put in his body to get the arc reactor out is the Soul Stone?” Natasha could always be relied on to cut to the meat of a thing.
“We’ve barely even kissed.” Steve didn’t sound like he was fighting the notion too hard.
Tony snorted. “He’s pushy too.”
“How should I know?” Steve muttered. “I'm just the horse at the water. The drinking hasn't happened yet.” He glanced over at Tony. There was no movement, only the soft beeping of the monitors tracking his health.
“If you keep on doing that, then Tony’s not going to get much of anything,” Steve warned.
Tony tapped his chin. “Hm, I remember something about that from my research into Norse legends when our big, blond alien friend arrived.”
Steve’s eyes were narrowed as he stared at Tony. “You said you didn’t want to go to this meeting,” he reminded Tony.
the King, but not everyone is happy about it.” Crowley gave a dramatic sigh.
cards,” Steve corrected. His hand went to Tony’s shoulder and squeezed. “We’re a team, remember?”
Bucky grinned. “I keep forgetting what a little fucker you always were,” he said with an admiring shake of his head. “Small, but scrappy with an evil streak a mile wide.”
“I am the Sorcerer Supreme of Earth.” Strange’s mouth curled in a tiny smirk. “I have powers beyond those of mortal men.”
Tony met Rhodey’s gaze. He waggled his eyebrows at his best friend. Rhodey waggled his back. “Huh.” Tony went to his bench. “Anything explode yet?” he asked.
her?”
Tony cackled. “Your swoony wannabe boyfriend bringing some more admirers over?”
Bruce just looked at him from under lowered brows. “The last time you had a scepter in your hand, it didn’t go so well.”
“Tony trusts you.” Bucky looked at Bruce. “That’s good enough for me, Doctor Banner.”
“Rude!” Tony yelled after them as they left Steve and Tony alone.
Steve watched dumbly as Vision flew out of the palace.
Steve was tempted to take a photo with his phone but he decided that Natasha would probably exact revenge in an extremely unpleasant way.
Coulson and Thor took the center chairs, opposite one another. “Who would like to begin?” Coulson asked.
It was Vision who replied. “I’m afraid not, Captain Rogers. The Quinjet was not designed to go past the atmosphere of our planet.”
He tumbled down a dune, falling face first into soft sand that seemed to welcome him into its grainy embrace.
“Tony Stark is one of a kind,” Rhodes agreed. “Thank God.”
He felt Bucky’s mouth at the base of his spine and realized that he’d moved behind him. Bucky’s hands curved around Tony’s thighs, fingers digging in as he sucked at the soft skin at the top of Steve’s ass.
“Jeez, Rogers, gimme a break!” Bucky glared at him. “How about understanding that not only was I recovering from whatever mind-wiping shit that Hydra had pumped into me, but all of my memories started coming back like a flood.” He shook his head. “It’s like I was two people in one body.”
“What’s going on?” Bucky stood at the lab door with Rhodes at his back. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. said it was important.” The casual ease that Bucky seemed to have with technology still took Steve by surprise.
Steve obediently moved close enough for Tony to snag his waistband and pull him in for a kiss. “What was so important that you had to leave me to wake up alone?” He put a deliberate whine in his voice that had Tony grinning.
So work is kicking my ass but I will continue to update as much as I can.
Natasha’s eyes went murderous. “You didn’t tell me where you were going!”
“I would advise you to stop blurting whatever comes up into your brain,” Natasha said. “But it’s way too much fun to watch you flailing.” She was obviously an emissary of Satan himself. “Bucky is going to have a lot of fun with you.”
‘Where did this come from, Rogers?” Tony asked, forgetting to keep his voice low. “And just who gave you the right to say it was okay for Bucky and I to be ….?” He waved a hand. “To be!”
Xavier was staring at him with all-too discerning eyes. “You know something,” he said. “More than you’re saying.”
“Bed time,” Bruce affirmed, pulling her gently to her feet. Steve hid a smile at how easily she seemed to fold into Bruce’s embrace. She wouldn’t appreciate the observation. Any appearance of weakness was usually greeted with scorn.
“No,” Thor shook his head. “In this, I am with our Captain. The Tesseract must remain in Asgard.”
“Not just yet,” Bucky said. “I'm feeling fragile.”
“They are on the east side of the island, sir.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. replied.
Tony gulped. “Or you could ride with me and Vision can carry Bruce,” he offered. “Once you ride me, you’ll never….” He trailed off. “Yeah, that didn’t go in the direction I was hoping,” he admitted.
“It?” Tony asked, steering the conversation because it looked like Thor was going to have an aneurism. And he wasn’t entirely sure how to treat a god for a brain explosion. It would probably be very messy and the cleaning service only came in on Thursdays.
Bucky froze in his arms. “What?” He pulled back to look into Steve’s eyes. “I…” His eyes were wide and wet.
“Please, we both know you’d pick Steve,” Bucky scoffed. “You’re biased right off the bat.”
Tony frowned at him. “I’m perfectly calm,” he declared. “I’m so calm I’m practically dead!”
“Can he be moved?”
Steve told her never to try to manipulate them, that it would end badly for everyone. He also spoke to Pietro, telling him to watch out for his sister, to keep her from breaking open and leaking destruction over the world. Pietro looked at him, head tilted to the side. “How do you know this about my sister?” he asked, suspicion woven into his veins.
Tony looked up from his bench, his goggles magnifying Steve’s face so that all he saw were those stupidly pretty blue eyes. “I’m not the boss of you,” he countered.
not good.”
“Thank you,” Bruce said. Bruce often missed social cues. “So, what's the plan?”
Everyone laughed.
“Well, this looks like a swell party.” Natasha strolled into the workshop with a pronounced sway to her hips. “Hey boss.” Her lips curled in a smirk.
He yawned again. “G’night.” He was asleep a moment later.
“Uh.” Rhodey stumbled over to the door, squeezing past Steve with a wince. “I called Tony. He came for me. He tried to help distract you.”
Rhodey’s eyes practically rolled out of his head. “Please, he takes every opportunity to remind us.”
“What’s going on?” Clint demanded, clearly frustrated at being stuck at the controls.
Tony moved off the sofa and got to his feet, untangling them. “How long did I sleep for?” he asked instead of responding.
“We are not doing this,” Tony said.
idiot. He knew the pointyness of Pepper’s fingers.
Thor screamed, “No!” as Thanos snapped his fingers, Stormbreaker embedded deep within the Titan’s chest. “What did you do?
that Bucky wasn’t the Winter Soldier. He’d separated them in his mind, but it still was jarring to be reminded of what Bucky had endured.
Sorry about the delay. Some RL issue that I had to resolve before I could even think about writing. It was good news so here you go. Thanks for sticking with me. Your lovely comments keep me going.
“Ten four, Chopper One.” Tony’s jaunty salute didn’t stop Steve’s concern.
Bucky breathed into Tony’s skin, his mouth soft and damp against his neck. “I think you might hate me if I tell you.”
“F.R.I.D.A.Y.!” He jumped out of the bed, heart beating frantically.
Natasha and Clint did synchronized eye-rolls. “He’s been trying to do that to us for years,” Natasha said. “Still no jingles.”
“Wanda…” Sam began.
“Oh,” Steve flushed. “I’ve been sorta busy with other things,” he said.
“I’m not letting you go,” Bucky warned, holding on to Steve fiercely.
” Skurge nodded. “
He started moving away and Tony grabbed for his head. “Don’t you dare, you bastard,” Tony growled. “You’d better finish what you started.”
“What I saw back there,” Steve began. “It could be us when we die.”
Rhodey looked back at Strange. “Hey! You might wanna put that Time Stone in your back pocket, Doc!”
“Yeah,” he lied
Pepper sighed. “I'll just be going, okay?” She looked at Tony. “Don't do that again,” she warned. “My wrath will be swift and awful.”
Steve shoved Tony forward, and he stumbled into Clint’s arms. “I’m feeling so special,” he muttered.
Crap, Tony thought. Now he’d have to deal with Steve’s hurt feelings too. How to handle this without doing too much damage to this new and fragile thing they had.
“Thanks, man.” And Clint drifted around for a couple of days, a shade of his former self. Natasha would catch Tony’s gaze, her own as helpless as his. Only time would heal that gaping hole.
Tony shook his head. “I dumped the information into J.A.R.V.I.S. servers but didn't really spend too much time looking at it. Why?”
“He can’t leave,” Tony assured him.
His buddy, Wong, was another matter entirely. At least he was entertaining. Currently he had created a pretty cool looking magical universe whirling above their heads, as he intoned, “From the dawn of the universe, there was nothing. Then, boom! The Big Bang sent six elemental crystals, hurtling across the virgin universe. These Infinity Stones each control an essential aspect of existence.”
Tony choked on his own saliva. “Please god, don’t let her hear you say that,” he begged. “You’ll be a eunuch in a heartbeat.”
“Sam might kill us, but what a way to go,” Bucky said.
“I wouldn’t know how to get that.” Steve clenched his fists. “I’m going crazy here sitting on my ass waiting for something to happen.”
“What he said,” Rhodey agreed. Pepper’s hand was tight in his. It gave Tony a brief pang but the joy that bloomed inside him grew until he had to control his grin.
“What do I do?” Steve asked, well aware of the irony of asking Rhodes to help him.
Clint looked murderous. “I thought
Tony couldn’t lie to himself. He was goddamn terrified. What happened today would change the world. Well,
“I apologize for calling a thing that looks like a tree, a tree,” Tony snipped. “I’m only a puny human.”
“You actually used the word zombie correctly in a sentence,” Sam laughed. “I’m proud of you, Cap.”
“I’m a wanted man,” Barnes reminded him.
“Magic,” Tony told him, and the armor folded around him. He held out his arms. “Gentlemen?”
“I’m not easy, “Tony reminded him. “I won’t just jump because you tell me to.”
Bucky nodded. “Appreciate it.” He sent a sharp look Tony’s way. “Stay right where you are, Stark.”
“There are so many questions,” Tony murmured, sure that something had skittered behind the trees.
Pepper sat down next to him. “You really need to start giving yourself a chance, Tony.” She nudged him with a pointy elbow. “You’re kind of charming and witty, as well as fairly smart and wealthy. You’re quite a catch.”
“No-one is trying to take your blood, you dick.” Clint glared at him. “God, you’re so fucking touchy.”
Tony gritted his teeth, wanting to take it back.  “You’re welcome.” He didn’t mean it at all.
Steve was suddenly there beside him, eyes frantic. “What’s wrong?” he asked, hands hovering as though he wanted to touch, to grab.
Bucky grinned down at him, tugging Tony closer. “Anyone special in mind?” he asked.
“Bucky needed me.” Steve had to make her understand. “He’s all I have.”
Fury raised his eyebrow. “Well, looks like your puppies are a little more obedient than when Stark was around.”
Steve’s smile was something to see, soft, tender and literal hearts in his eyes. “You don’t get enough sleep,” he said. “No way I was waking you up.”
“We’re all fine, Cap,” Sam said. “The witchdoctor did his woo-woo thing and put a sort of containment bubble around you guys. We saw it happening but couldn’t hear anything.”
“So, space, huh?” Sam said eventually from his spot on the floor in the corner of the lab. “I always wanted to be an astronaut.”
“I haven’t seen anything to say that you’ve changed.” Bruce kept his voice mild.
“Why do you think we need you?” Steve asked. Tony noted that his body was taut, ready to leap at Strange at the first hint of danger.
Fury inclined his head. “I know,” he admitted. “I’m not sure you should be a part of this, though.” He held up a hand when Dean opened his mouth. “Your war is on another front,” he said. “Keeping the Darkness at bay is just as important in dealing with Set.”
“I hate you,” he told her once they’d rounded a corner.
Tony gave an uncomfortable laugh. “Is that a threat or a promise?” he asked. “I’ve given you a new arm and some space to hide. What more do you want from me?”
“Any friend of the Captain is a friend of....” Thor stopped, eyes glowing an unearthly blue. “You are the one they call the Winter Soldier.” It wasn't a question.
“I’m sorry about your friend,” Sam said to Vision. “She seemed to have successfully deceived us all.”
“Okay,” Steve shrugged, spitting out the toothpaste foam and rinsing his mouth out. Tony gaped at him as he stepped into the shower, lifting his head as the warm water immediately started falling. It appeared that a sexually satisfied Steve was a hedonistic Steve.
He nodded. “Peachy, princess.” He turned in a slow circle when she twirled her finger. “See?”
Natasha shook her head. “Too small.” She kept her gaze on the images. “There.” Her finger tapped a spot. “War Machine.”
Thanks for the encouragement, dialogue, comments & kudos. They are much appreciated.
Tony tipped his head to the side. “Somebody’s unwanted Mother’s Day gift?” he suggested.
Tony slumped against Steve. “Don’t leave me behind,” he pleaded, opting for sincerity. “I’d go out of my mind if you did.” He refused to consider the possibility of time trying to reset itself and making sure Steve died. The only way he’d know that Steve was safe was if he was with him.
A tall man jogged out to meet them. He saluted Steve. “Captain Rogers, I’m Colonel Lee and am responsible for the security of the White House perimeter.” He looked chagrined at the fact that said perimeter had been so thoroughly compromised.
“Fellas,” he cautioned. “Let’s not poke at the scary demon king, okay?” He patted Steve’s rather impressive bicep.
Yggdrasil invited.
“That hurt, didn’t it?” Tony sniped.
“Damn right,” Tony declared as he stumbled back onto the bed. “Fuck.” He scowled up at them. “I’m usually a lot smoother than this.”
Thor’s shoulders dropped. “Among the people of Asgard there is a prophecy of the end of our world.”
Tony brought his hands up to rub slow circles across Bucky’s back. “I noticed.” He tugged at Bucky’s hair. “You’ve not had a lot of tenderness in your life, have you, sweetheart?”
Tony sighed. “How can a boy refuse an invitation like that?” He stepped through the portal without looking back. Steve and Sam exchanged glances and hurried after him. The rest of the team, including Bucky, followed.
Bucky stared at Loki. “What happened to you, that sucks. Believe me, I know how it feels to be used. But your kid…” His throat worked. “Whatever they did to your kid, it was worse because he doesn’t know better.”
“Twenty dollar,” she told him. “One night. Stay more, twenty dollar.”
“She must be so pissed off at me.” Clint stared at the phone as though it might bite him. His eyes were a little shiny.
Bucky sat down next to him, snorting with laughter. There were actual tears in his eyes. It was pretty much the best thing Steve had ever seen. “You people are all fucking nuts,” he declared.
“Boys.” Xavier glared at them both. “Can we please focus on the task at hand?”
He squirmed. Just a little. “Well, I’m a guy who likes comfort, plus I like my friends to be comfortable.” He waved a magnanimous hand. “Mi casa es su casa.”
Steve watched Rhodey as he grew more animated on his phone.
Steve thought that Rhodey gave in too quickly. He almost bit his tongue trying not to say anything more.
“So, find this staff, restore Matilda to Loki and let your wizard brother bring Tony back.” Steve ticked off the tasks on his fingers. “Seems simple enough.”
He headed for Tony’s lab and every answer he could wrangle out of his own personal pain in the ass.
He grabbed onto Steve’s shoulders and held on as he opened his mouth. Steve immediately pressed in, his tongue soft and wet against Tony’s.
,” he read. “Who does this belong to?”
“I hate you,” Barnes muttered.
“Hey, why didn’t you say something?” Clint turned to Wanda. “Couldn’t you have ‘read’ him or something?” He waved a hand in the air like a baton.
“Not friends.” Steve met his gaze. “True friends,” he said before Tony could refute that.
“Seriously?” Tony took a deep breath. “I’m a genius but I don’t know that even
Tony froze. “You’ve seen the Matrix?” he asked.
“What can I say, I’m a charming guy,” Tony said.
“Sir, if I may be so bold.” The voice out of the speakers was so endearingly familiar that Tony sat up, staring at the nearest camera.
Scott’s shoulders slumped. “It’s just, I want to go home. Maybe it won’t be the same, but I’m not used to hanging out with a team. I want Cassie. I want Hope. Hell, I even want Hank.”
Scott’s chest puffed out a little. Steve could almost see the smoke coming out of Tony’s ears. “A time heist.”
“Thank you.” Her smile was a warning. “Don’t fuck this up.”
“Sorcerer what?” Rhodey asked.
Wilson swallowed hard. “Wait, you’re serious?” he asked, staring at Steve.
Bucky shook his head. “Something happened just as you got here,” he tapped his head. “Tony said something, he finished our catchphrase.” He looked up at Steve. “The one you said to me on the Helicarrier when you were trying to make me remember.”
Bruce rubbed at the bridge of his nose. “I’m not going to kill Matilda, Tasha.” He pointed at Tony. “You. Lie down and shut up. You moving around is only helping the venom move faster through your blood-stream.”
“How can you
“You are asleep, near death. And I am here to guide you home.” Her eyes were same as the skies, starry eternity in their depths.
Tony rushed at him, throwing himself at his best friend and almost knocking himself out against the War Machine armor. “Fucking asshole,” Tony wheezed as Rhodey squeezed him.
He checked the large wall clock opposite him. Two hours. It was more sleep than he’d had in a while.
The Cage was poised on the top of a butte. There was no access. They stood there for a moment, just looking.
“The Mind Stone, which is within the head of your Vision, should do the work that you need the Tesseract to do,” Loki suggested.
Apologies for the late post - it's a little longer than normal so perhaps you'll forgive me. Work has sucked - year-end drama is the worst.
Tony’s smile was a little bittersweet. “While I know that those memories have saved us many times over, is it selfish of me to admit that I’m happy that the other Tony isn’t around as much?”
“But you are,” Clint added.
He planned on staying here for a while.
He looked around the lab, realizing suddenly that he was just talking to Bruce and Vision.
“Fine.” He didn’t sound happy about it.
“Well, that was embarrassing,” he said when he opened his eyes to look at them.
“I’d say okay.” Steve grated the words out. “I’d say that’s fucking perfectly okay.”
Dean held up one hand. “No chick flick moments,” he said. “It’s our policy.”
Tony landed in a remote-ish area. He’d tinkered with the Iron Man suit so that it converted to a scooter if he needed to go incognito somewhere. He’d not had a chance to show it off to the team.
“So was I. Stay down. Final warning.”
Clint looked at the robot and then at Tony. “New bodyguard?” he asked.
“Oh, you mean like calling me Moose, or Gigantor or,” Sam paused, “my personal favorite, Jolly Green Giant? Like that?”
“But you’re the King,” Steve pointed out.
Bucky’s shoulder shook a little. “What’s ‘shad’?” Bucky asked, sounding amused. Tony liked Bucky’s amused voice. He liked that Bucky could actually find things amusing now.
“About twelve?” Steve looked to Bucky for confirmation.
“Guys, let’s be real. Any one of them puts a foot wrong; the Other Guy is going to be pissed.” Bruce smiled at them all. “And now that we can control the change, well, the threat is that much more effective, right?” He clasped Tony’s shoulder. “You’re not alone, Tony.”
“Steve’s ma,” Barnes said. “She told me that Buck was a name for a big guy.”
Steve relished the quiet. It sometimes felt like this bright new world he'd woken up in was constantly filled with noise.
“And he bites his lip like he’s holding back every swear word in the book!” Tony exclaimed.
Bucky’s smile turned soft. “Yeah,” he agreed. “That’s not going to happen.”
Bucky pressed a finger to his hole, pushing the slicked-up digit and curling it inside him so that it brushed a bundle of nerves that Steve hadn’t known existed. He would deny the noise he made until his dying day. He came hard, arching up into Bucky’s mouth and gasping into the warm cavern of Tony’s.
Tony reminded him.
” Jörmungandr said. “
“Language,” Clint chided.
“We ask politely.” Tony stopped, apparently done.
“You know, if this works, we maybe don't walk away.” He wondered how many times he was going to be able to stand up. To walk away. To win.
Steve put his hand on the control box, willing Atlantis to hear him. “Save him,” he whispered.
“We should follow them.” Tony wasn’t comfortable with his friend leaving with an obviously terrifying woman. “He might need us.”
Tony shook his head. “No, I mean…” He stopped. He shouldn’t say anything more.
Tony’s eyes went wide as his brain went into over-drive. “That’s it!” He slithered out from beneath Steve, thoughts of romantic declarations vanished from his mind.
to wear that to bed one night, and nothing else!”
Steve hid a laugh behind his hand at Tony’s antics. He’d long come to realize that the snark and quips were all part of the Iron Man armor. In reality, Tony was a very fragile thing. Steve wanted to cherish him forever.
“I am aware that it is taboo in this world for close family members to engage in sexual relations,” Vision said. “But perhaps it is acceptable on….”
Tony gave up, dropping his head on the table and howled with laughter.
“Shut up.” Steve looked like he wanted to grab him and hurt him in a non-pleasurable way.
The prick of a needle had him going limp. “What are you going to do to me?” he asked, staring up at not-Steve’s face in fear.
He didn’t like that idea.
And what do you know, the team took their places behind him, Steve and Strange at his side.
“Aw,” Pepper cooed, taking the paperwork from Tony. “That’s the sweetest thing you’ve ever said to me.”
Tony rubbed his eyes and looked around the house. He’d told Steve that it was time to hang up the suit, to pass the baton, to stop trying to save the world.
He stared down at the shield.
“We had no other choice,” Tony said. “Vision wanted to make sure that the universe, that
Tony was pretty impressed with the fact that he’d managed to control his mouth. Well, part of that had to do with Steve’s big-ass hand over it at the time. He’d had a really good zinger lined up too.
Tony thought that was a very bad idea. “Uh, not to rain on your parade, Lightning Rod, but the last time you saw your brother he was your father and you got punked.”
Of course, it helped that Bucky was as full of shit and as severely damaged as Tony was.
“Set is Lucifer, yeah.” Sam slumped back against Dean. “God, I thought we were done with him.”
, and you know it.” He dug his hands into his pockets.
The first touch of Bucky’s mouth against his hole had Tony arching up on the bed. Steve’s big arms wrapped around him from behind. “Fuck!” Tony gasped for air. Being held down was apparently a thing for Tony too.
“This Thanos, he’s out there, right?” Steve asked, waving a hand towards the skies.
“As long as you’re doing my ex, it’s almost like you’re doing me,” Tony said, trying to maintain the light atmosphere.
“Are we Morse coding again, Cap?” Clint asked.
So I decided to leave much of Tony's adventure in Jotunheim to your imagination. There is a brief summary here for the benefit of the team & I will expand a little more later, but for the most part, what happens in Mímisbrunnr stays in Mímisbrunnr.
“With Steve,” Bucky added with a mischievous twinkle.
“You…Steve…uh…” Brain cells were clearly dribbling out of his ears. “What the fuck?”
The expression on Crowley’s face told Tony that he’d scored a hit. “I try not to spend too much time here,” Crowley said. He clearly hated admitting any weakness.
“Please.” Bucky looked afraid suddenly.
~o0o~
Bruce nodded, apparently satisfied. “Now, shut the fuck up and let me do my genius thing.” He wrapped his hand around Bucky’s fist. “I need you to squeeze really hard.”
“And if he says no?” Bruce asked. “Which I’m betting about a thousand percent is going to happen.” Tony narrowed his gaze at him, and Bruce held up his hands. “Hey, just playing devil’s advocate here.”
want us,” Bucky corrected, keeping his hands on Steve’s arms as he relaxed against Tony. Steve wondered what he’d done to deserve even the possibility of this…of them.
Thor took that moment of confusion to wrap him in his brawny arms and say to the doctor. “Perhaps a sedative might be the best thing until we can mend our friend, Dr. Banner?”
“Only the best,” she nodded, grabbing the bottle. “Drink.” She shoved the bottle at Tony.
“While the power of flight is at
“Right.” He straightened. “Off to save the world, then.” He reluctantly left his suite. Left Bucky and Steve snuggling, actually snuggling, in his bed while he had to go and science. This Avengers gig was really starting to eat into his sexy times.
“You’re telegraphing that move, Thor,” Steve called out as Bucky ducked Thor’s swing, and gave him a brutal kidney punch.
Bucky nodded. “Yeah, I remember you, mostly.” He shrugged. “Sorry for trying to kill you.”
“I would be most grateful for your company, my friends,” Thor said, all earnest sincerity.
“Skip the making nice,” Fury said. “You never make social calls.”
“Ah baby, I know how much you love me,” Rhodey crooned. He released Tony with a grin. “How come Bruce is the one who called me and told me that you were here?” The armor rolled off as he stepped along the platform. F.R.I.D.A.Y. handled War Machine as efficiently as she handled Iron Man.
tired, dammit.
Steve looked troubled. “We can’t just be expected to rely on you two to fix this.” He lifted his eyes to look around the car. “It’s our job to protect humanity.”
Steve shook his head. “To all of us. To the team.” He sighed. “He always gives the impression of all flash and no substance, but that isn’t true.”
He slumped against the railing, looking back down at his phone. “Right.”
Steve wanted to know how this guy knew so much. “He wouldn't want it like this.” He
get to choose?” Bucky added.
Bruce’s skin took on a distinctly green tinge. “Did someone attack?” he growled.
So sex happens. I'm not great at writing it so please forgive me. I wanted it to be a sort of cleansing after the loss of Vision. That will still be dealt with. I just had to give Tony something that wasn't broken.
“It's why I'm damaged goods, Stevie.” Bucky's voice was thick and Tony pulled him in closer. “That ledger Romanov talked about, mine's dripping in blood.”
“No mortal can fight the power of Set,” Wanda told him. “I suggest that you grind it to dust and scatter it to the four corners of the earth.”
“And you
“I Googled.” Bucky appeared entirely too pleased with himself.
Bucky’s gaze met his. “Next time, I get to watch,” he gritted, plunging once more as Tony shouted his release. The come that hit Steve in the face took him by surprise but he stayed where he lay, fingers tight around Tony’s and heart full for the first time since he’d woken up in this wild new world.
He blinked. “It’s Bucky, you guys.”
Tony tried to decide on the safest course of action. On the one hand, Rhodey’s life was in danger. On the other…Steve Rogers could be there.
(See the end of the chapter for
Bucky grinned, more and more of that asshole kid from Brooklyn peeking through all of the time. “What a way to go though, right?” He saluted them both and left.
Natasha’s eyes were knowing. “You made a choice between your two best friends.” Her words were blunt. “Bucky, the boy you’d idolized all your life and Tony, the man who just wouldn’t be ordinary. You were always going to lose one of them.”
“I’m sure you’ve heard by now of Mr. Stark’s latest breakthrough in assisting victims of post-traumatic stress disorder.” Vision seemed to be calculating every one of their micro-expressions
“I'm not leaving this rock with one civilian on it.” Steven Grant Rogers was an asshole who…
Tony blinked. He looked out at the place Strange had brought them. “Where are we?” he asked.
“You’re back!” Her shoulders dropped with relief. The kids were only too happy to desert their homework and hurl themselves at Tony. Lila and Cooper each grabbed a leg and clung.
Thor’s lip curled. “This serpent god demands human sacrifice,” he said. “My father spoke of the Stygians being Set’s first worshippers. He hungered for power and ate as many of the lesser gods as he could. Life is valueless to him.”
Dean’s glare should have set Sam’s pretty hair on fire. “Why don’t you just tell him
“Sir.” She walked past Clint and Tony, bumping them slightly so that they fell over, still cackling. “Children.”
” Skurge went to Strange. “
“Uh…” Tony realized that Steve was really angry. “Yes?”
Steve clung to Bucky. He forgot about how upset and angry he’d felt on finding out that Bucky had gone to Tony. He forgot everything but the here and now.
“It’s Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes, sir,” JARVIS said as he enlarged the grainy image. Tony had no problem identifying the guy that he’d idolized most of his life. Forget Captain America, he was a super soldier. Bucky Barnes was just a normal guy who helped save the world.
“So why were you recording this chat?” Steve asked. He’d become used to talking to the disembodied voice of the AI.
an arm.” He waved the arm around like a weapon.
~o0o~
“He's not a monster.” Natasha's voice was like ice. “His name is Bruce Banner, and he's not a monster.” She glared at Wanda.
know where to go?” Strange arched an eyebrow.
“Hey!” Tony protested. “All I wanted to know is what Bruce and I talked about two years ago because
“Get in line.” Natasha’s voice was flat. “I’m going to eviscerate him.”
about it. Imagine it enveloping you as it does when you go to war.”
Tony resisted the appeal of those stupid biceps. “Actually, I have a couple of doctorates, but that’s not the point.” He stared at Steve. “I’m always Tony. Or if you’re pissed off at me, then it’s Stark.” He frowned. “Where did that come from?”
“I found out when I hacked the Helicarrier the first time we were all brought together,” Tony admitted. “Found out a little more than the Tesseract being used to create weapons to kill aliens.”
“Of course.” Her reply was immediate. She frowned. “Why?”
Steve was. He wasn’t someone who was followed simply because he was the biggest and the prettiest.
“Thanks,” Tony said, deciding not to try and explain anything more. “It's good to see you, buddy.”
“Yeah, I get that a lot from people lately.” Tony shook his head. “And to think everyone always said that
“I’ll be Operations,” Tony said. “Keep my eyes on the world. Plus I reckon the politics will keep me pretty busy too.”
“Don’t care,” Rhodey said. “When Captain America and the Winter Soldier are on the field we never lose. They’re practically superhuman.”
Steve blinked. “Matilda is an animal.”
“What about Steve?” Rhodey asked suddenly, startling Tony with the change of subject.
“Can you check?” Jim asked.
for the inspiration on this chapter.
“I’m too selfish for that,” Tony said. “And I love you too much.”
Dean’s glare could have leveled a city block. “I know where you sleep, Samantha.” Sam didn’t seem too worried.
Tony talks to THE tree. Steve discovers the perils of drinking mead from Asgard.
When it looked like Crowley was about to say something inappropriate, Steve glared at him. “Very well,” Crowley sighed. “All for one and one for all?”
He wandered into the little bathroom and tugged on the jeans and t-shirt that Pepper had brought him. The slip-on shoes were just about all he could handle right now so he gratefully headed out
“I’d like to apologize,” Steve said, startling Tony.
Steve heard it then. The beep-beep-beep of the monitor attached to Tony’s chest.
Steve shrugged and grinned. “Nah, you love me.”
“It is still your child.” Tony loved that Steve could see the worth in anyone. “And if this kills your child then you should be sad.”
“What plan?” Bruce and Rhodey wandered in, Natasha at their heels. She looked exhausted. They all were.
wanted me here fast,” he said. “I’ve found a transporter we had no idea existed.” He stared at the chair. “Well, that’s new.”
When Steve stepped into the lab, he was mesmerized by the swirling computer-generated image in the center of the room. Vision was standing in the middle of the image, eyes closed and hands spread out.
“Wanda.” Natasha spat the name as a curse.
“Tony said something to me once.” Steve met Bucky's gaze. “He was held prisoner for a while, tortured, came out the other side as Iron Man.”
Steve snorted a laugh. “Yeah, but they're ours.” And they were. Tony, Thor, Natasha, Clint, Bruce, Sam, Rhodey, Wanda, Vision  and now Bucky, were all part of a cohesive whole that Steve could actually see working.
Steve looked at Natasha. “I’m going to kill him,” he told her. “Dead.”
“I am the Sorcerer Supreme,” Strange said as though that explained everything.
“Yes, sir,” Sam gulped, sending a wide-eyed look over to Steve.
“Tony….”
“That’s a stupid name,” Lila announced.
Tony held up a hand. “I'm going to stop you right there, Scott. Are you seriously telling me that your plan to save the universe is based on “Back To The Future”?”
Bruce Banner walked in.
Tony flipped him off. “I’m a fucking genius. I’m
Finally, the light show stopped. Clint carried on writing for a moment more, frowning and scratching out as he wrote.
“And you think that this…” Sam waved his hand at all of them. “That this is going to make a difference?”
Tony couldn’t argue with that. Ultron was a big old “You Fucked Up” sign on the Tony Stark highway of avoiding talking about things.
Natasha gave them a significant look. Tony interpreted it as, ‘shut the fuck up or I will end you in many painful ways’.
The trees whispered wicked things, wanton things, evil things and Tony shuddered. “We’re not even
~~~~~~
And the presence that had filled his head was gone.
Tony backed up into Vision’s chest. “No. If you had trusted me. Told me what you’d found out, what Hydra had done to him, do you think there would have been
Tony held up a hand. “I'm sorry, Earth is closed today. You better pack it up and get outta here.”
“Hand on the Bible, swear to God, I’m not,” Steve said. “All I’m asking for is a chance to prove that I can be the person you hoped I was when I was thawed from the ice.”
“Ouch.” Tony winced. “That had to hurt like a mother-fucker.” He shook the creature off him, pushing Bucky behind him again. “Keep going,” he said.
“It is not without precedent that you are mistrustful of me.” Loki put a hand on Thor’s arm. “Be calm, brother. You cannot force your friends to be comfortable around me.”
Bruce shook with laughter as he followed Vision into the elevator.
Steve sucked in a breath when he felt a hand in his hair. Bucky stood behind him, eyes glittering. “Having some fun without me, boys?” he asked with an arched brow. “That’s kinda rude, dontcha think?”
“Because we are better than this,” Steve said. “We
“Loki has been impersonating my father.” Thor leaned back against the sofa cushions with a groan. “Nobody realized this until I went home to visit after our last adventure together.”
“Exactly,” Steve agreed.
understand, Stevie?” Bucky’s voice changed, seemed younger. “Hydra took
“Okay,” Barnes said, without a pause. “So maybe you could help me?”
we all went on a wild goose research chase?” Tony asked.
Tony stepped up to the console. “This won’t hurt you?” He didn’t want to cause her any pain.
Vision’s head tilted to the side. “Ah!” he declared. “It means that Tony has a high opinion of himself.” He nodded. “A most appropriate expression, Captain.”
Tony was just as evidently not about to let that happen. “Hey, hey.” He forced Bucky to look at him. “Are you fucking kidding me right now?”
Tony told Vision to put the Serpent Crown in his vault until the exalted Winchesters arrived. Clint had called them already and they were about two hours out according to him. On a job.
Thor took a deep breath. “The Warriors Three bore his casket with them when they crossed from Asgard to Midgard.”
“You do realize that my liver is quite possibly looking like a raisin right now? Possibly a sultana. Or maybe even a prune.” Tony asked the room at large.  The bottle looked a lot emptier than when they’d started.
“They went foraging,” Clint said. “Avengers in the wild. Should make the nine o’ clock news.” Tony exchanged a grin with him.
“And they say you’re a genius,” Tony sneered.
“Is he...?” Peter stumbled forward, reaching out towards Vision. Tony grabbed him.
~o0o~
Sam laughed. “I thought you guys, you Avengers, were friends.” He looked at Steve. “You
Bruce peered at him over his glasses. “You were
too optimistic. “I’ll just be happy if we all get out alive,” he muttered.
“Huh,” he mused out loud. “Not a dream then?”
Steve found him a day or two after their abysmal performance, the last hurrah of the once-mighty Avengers. “I wanted to tell you first,” he began.
There was something there, something not there, Tony thought. “Do you have any idea where we have to go?” He tried a different tack.
Pepper’s pretty eyes were scornful as she stared at him. “I’d rather you didn’t speak, Captain. My urge to punch you is only under control because I know I’d probably break my hand.”
Bucky sniggered, leaning against Tony. “I’m not subtle,” he agreed.
Tony moved into Clint’s space, facing off with him. “I practically pulled the fucking trigger that killed him!” He was having an out-of-body experience right now, seeing himself from above ranting at Clint like an asylum inmate. “I think I get to decide how I fucking feel about it!”
“Have I ever mentioned how smart I was to make you CEO?” Tony asked as the door swung open. “Viz, don’t you think that Pepper is the perfect woman?”
“I know you're nervous. And you have plenty of reason to be.” Steve was using the same voice when he was trying to get dogs to come and play with him in Central Park. They just didn’t have the time for that.
Tony snorted a laugh, covering his mouth when Steve glared at him. Then he caught Bruce’s gaze and laughed harder. “Oh my god, I love each and every one of you crazy motherfuckers,” he howled.
“I haven’t given you anything,” Bucky protested.
Tony’s eyes closed, a combination of bone-deep weariness and excessive alcohol making his body feel like liquid.
Tony buzzed him in.
Steve dropped an arm around Tony’s shoulders, smiling a little. Tony would actually perform like a dancing monkey to keep that expression on Steve’s face forever. Bucky took over Tony’s perch on the armrest, draping himself across the wide back.
“Why the hell did I want you back, you dick?” Steve smiled as he said it.
Tony stroked his hands over Steve’s shoulders. “As are yours.” He leaned back into Bucky. “You signed up to the Avengers Initiative to make a difference, to save lives. It’s part of who you are.”
“That is sick.” Sam looked nauseous.
“It is a Midgardian Holy Book,” Loki muttered.
The team followed as he got to the second door. “This one too?” He asked Steve.
other than him. “I didn’t think they’d put them in his brain,” he told Bruce. “Those fuckers at Hydra really played dirty.”
“You're not going to get better alone.” Tony leaned forward, met Bruce's gaze square on. “Maybe helping Bucky can be the thing that saves you. Having him around the past two weeks has made a difference. He makes me…” His face twisted. “He makes me want to be better.”
Anyhooo...I reckon only a couple more chapters after this & then it's done.
The shouting started almost at once.
“You’re a real fun dude to be around these days, big guy,” Rhodes told him. “I feel like I’m going to burst into tears every time you start talking.”
Tony nudged him back. “Well, of course you have to be the mature one in this relationship,” he said with a smirk. “You are almost a hundred years old after all.”
Sweet, unsuspecting Bucky said, “Sure, sounds good.” He jumped to his feet. “Lead the way, ma’am.”
Thor shrugged. “It is how life is in Asgard. My father ensured I would be ready. Even if I didn’t have Mjolnir I was able to fight almost any foe.”
“”Kiss me, you asshole,” Tony ordered.
“Not a great start,” Tony admitted, eyes glued to where Steve had started unbuttoning his shirt.
Barnes came around the other side of the car. “I can carry him if you like?”
“Liar, liar, pants on fire!” Tony sang.
“I thought that perhaps we should talk,” Steve said, grabbing the first mug he could reach. The smirk that crossed Bruce’s face briefly had him looking down. “
“What have I ever done to cause you to doubt me so, Dr. Banner?” He made an effort to sound genuinely hurt.
Tony tried not to roll his eyes. It would completely ruin the moment. “You are a walking antibiotic, and I haven’t been with anyone since…” He looked at Steve. “Since Pepper. And we were together for years.”
“And what are you going to do?” Pepper asked.
“Crowley,” Michael said. “He won’t let you go so easily.”
Tony woke up dying.
“Don’t.” Steve’s mouth thinned. “You always do that.”
Steve frowned. “That makes no sense, Tony.” He made a mental note to look that up later. These casual references kept slipping right over his head and it made him crazy.
“Would you like me to tell him that you’re not at home?”
“Who did you ask?” Steve was curious. “Everyone took sides.”
Tony did a mental high-five. “That was a non-negotiable,” he murmured. Bruce nodded.
“I thought so,” Steve agreed, the smile evident in his voice.
Strange inclined his head. “He had a vision of the future that showed that the serpent would be the Destroyer of Worlds and would bring about Ragnarök.”
“Tony?” Steve called. “You in here?”
Steve felt the pounding behind his head get worse. “I thought that was Solomon from Ecclesiastes.”
Steve helped Bucky up, watching Tony. “You sure?” he asked. This was a small thing, but it obviously symbolized something big, something huge.
“That too.” Steve nodded.
Tony gave him a jaunty wave as he crossed back towards Steve. “Always keep them on their toes, I say,” he quipped, grabbing Steve’s outstretched hand.
lost him, not just you.”
“We need to discuss a strategy to get the Stones back within our grasp,” Thor said. He was frowning at Loki as he wandered around the room, touching random objects.
Bruce went motionless. “Kidding!” Tony yelped.
Vision nodded, heading for the elevator with Bruce. “I’ve learned over time that usually, when Tony is this confident, that he’s right.”
Steve shook his head. “I don’t want to think deep things,” he rasped. “I want to make love to my boyfriend and have my other boyfriend make love to me.” He met Tony’s eyes. “If you’re okay with that?”
Another sigh. “Oh, I have no doubt that you will.” She hugged him. “But I won't worry the next time.” And that was a total lie. Despite not being together, they were still friends. She would always worry. It was part of the reason they
“Vision has one,” Steve said. “Who has the others?”
“You utter asshole.” She slapped him so hard that his head snapped back. “Sir.”
“You don’t believe me?” Tony stopped his work, abruptly astonished. “How can Bruce believe me and you don’t?”
Bruce nodded. “Yeah. He doesn’t often let it be seen, but once…” he stopped, clearing his throat. “Yeah.”
“First off, it’s
Tony’s brain clicked back on and ran over the past couple of seconds. “Oops,” he said, sending an apologetic look towards Pepper who was red, either with embarrassment or rage. Neither option boded well for him.
Bruce snorted. “Sure.”
“Yeah,” Steve sighed. “I just want him home.”
“Reality and Soul,” Wong said. “We aren’t sure where they are.”
“Count sheep,” she suggested, the lilt of Irish in her voice singing with laughter.
“Now, if we’re done with this feelings crap, I’d really like to take this off the floor and onto my bed. I have old bones.” Tony shook off the emotion like a dog shaking off the rain.
“You don't like him very much, do you?” Bucky's quiet question startled Steve.
“Less talking, more watching,” Steve ordered from up ahead.
The future isn't so bright. Until it is. And hope lives once more.
Tony tried to struggle but Thor was built like a brick shit-house. And seriously, what the hell was a brick shit-house anyway? Tony was going to get right on that once he got back to his lab.
Bucky turned around to look at Steve. “He’s not going to just stand there forever, you know.”
Steve was too happy to see Bucky awake to protest them talking about him like he wasn’t there. “Bruce said I must call him.”
formed was difficult to dismiss. There was something that he’d have to put away, right at the back of his mind. Later.
“If you were any better then I’d have to ask the Pope to start the process for sainthood,” Tony joked but his eyes stung. “It doesn’t feel real.”
” Jörmungandr shook his head.
The door opened onto the living room area. Steve shoved Tony out. “Abuse!” Tony yelled. “I’m being abused! Help!”
“Hi.” Bruce waved wanly at them. “Good to see you all.”
Tony sighed. “I paid for another night,” he grumbled. Twenty bucks was twenty bucks after all.
Crowley shrugged. “Unless they’ve signed their contract, then I only know when the soul arrives.” He met Bucky’s gaze. “It matters what you do right up until the moment you breathe your last.”
OK so this chapter isn't much more than a way for me to work through my Coulson feels. Indulge me
“Please God tell me that Natasha didn’t cook?” Tony remembered the last time that had happened. He’d been admitted to the hospital with gastric poisoning.
Fingers deep within the bowels of a particle accelerator, Tony convinced himself that he was fine like this, that he preferred the house echoing in silence. He’d always been good at putting things away, filing them so that they didn’t bother him.
Tony waved a hand. “Oh, I’m not mad at you for rushing to my bedside to hear my dying wishes,” he said, grinning a little at their scowls. “Just wondering where the errant sheep are now.” He didn’t
~o0o~
Natasha stepped up. “He can give
Tony smiled, lifting a hand to cup Steve’s cheek. “I know that you believe what you’re saying, Steve, but in the immortal words of the late John Lennon, “Life is what happens when you’re making other plans.” We can’t guarantee the future.”
“I’m not at home,” Fury said.
If Tony wasn’t freaking out he would have face-palmed so hard. All that effort at a distraction for nothing!
An arrow thunked into a tree barely millimeters from Tony's head. Clint's gaze was steely. “Get your ass on the plane and nobody gets hurt.”
“And why the Tesseract destroyed Red Skull,” Steve added.
Tony thought that singing that the world needed love would probably go down like a lead balloon.
Natasha started reading:
“Pep, it’s the only time I can get honest commentary from a beautiful woman,” Tony said. “I know you don’t want to get into my pants so you won’t lie.”
“No I didn’t!” Tony was sure about this. “You saved your life, Bucky.
Tony pointed out the gaping slash in the ground dropping down into the fire and brimstone below. “Can you fly?” He didn’t wait for Steve to reply. “Nope, you can’t.”
Loss is unacceptable.
Bruce was also looking at the SHIELD upload. “This is bad, Tony. Everything that SHIELD has done for the past fifty or more years has been compromised. Everything they’ve accomplished will have to go under scrutiny.”
Tony waved her off. “Tell F.R.I.D.A.Y. if you need something.”
“Whose?” Natasha asked when it became clear that Steve wasn’t going to respond.
“Nah.” Dean shook his head. “I grew up as a hunter, was taught that the monsters were bad and the humans needed to be protected at all costs.” He looked around him. “I lost track of that for a while and this place reminded me of the purity of our mission.”
Tony’s gaze darted back to T’Challa. The tiny shake that proved the king had not agreed with this had him standing taller. “No.” It was only one word but it had everyone staring at him.
Dean snorted. “Don’t let him fool you,” he said. “Sammy knows exactly what the puppy eyes do.”
Tony just sat back in one of the excruciatingly uncomfortable chairs and took a sip of his whiskey. “Go on,” he waved his glass. “I’ll jump in when I see fit.”
“But not with a space ship,” Bucky added.
“So, it’s like a script to the scariest Hollywood movie in the world?” Tony kept it light.
“’Round about,” Bucky agreed. He grinned, suddenly looking so young and carefree that it made Tony’s heart hurt. He wanted to see that expression a lot more on Bucky’s face. He’d spend a lifetime putting that smile on Bucky’s face.
Bucky held up a hand. “Just stop. Let me breathe, okay?” He met Steve’s gazed. “Hi.”
“You need to lie down, get some rest.” Bucky looked intently at him.
Steve pulled back from Tony, lifting his head to look up at their friends. “This is what you’d call a “civil” war.”
The Cage was huge. Bars of something that looked like bone towered above him. “At least you’ve got some room to move,” he said.
Pages flipped, voices murmured and Tony waited. It was a very difficult thing. Patience really wasn’t one of his many,
“How much trouble are we talking?” Clint asked as they drew closer to Malibu. They hadn’t talked much on the way.
Loki’s gaze snapped up to meet Thor’s. “She has laid bare all of my secrets,” he whispered. Steve felt a moment’s sympathy. He knew what Wanda’s magic could do. What it could make you feel and believe.
Steve looked down at his hands. “I don’t know what you mean by trouble.” He couldn’t think about anything else. Bucky’s name was a refrain that wouldn’t leave his head.
“Black skinny jeans and your boots.” Natasha pointed to the items. It was a little terrifying how quickly she’d assessed his entire wardrobe.
Bruce let his head drop against Tony’s shoulder. “She’s sort of perfect though, isn’t she?”
“Why?” Tony was curious.
Steve’s heart stuttered. He knew Tony was right, but letting him go alone, with this new person… “Why can’t we go with you?” He sounded like a child to his own ears. “Why can’t
Bucky leaned against Steve. “You do realize that we’re in the superhero business?” He tipped his head to the side, a small smile playing across his mouth. “Danger comes with the territory.”
Natasha was at Clint’s heels and she met Tony’s gaze for a terrifying moment. “You’re so very funny,” she said. She clearly wanted him to die in a fire.
wanted to. But he’d already made so many changes to what was coming that he panicked at the thought of what else he would mess up.
“So, anyone have any actual idea where we're going?” Clint turned to look at them from the Quinjet cockpit. “Not that I don't love flying the open skies with you fine folks.”
Loki lifted his head, eyes utterly bleak. “Yes.”
he understood, the simple exchange on a battlefield between warriors. Feelings had always been way harder for him.
Tony thought about making some sort of comment about not being a girl, but Bucky was so strong. He dropped his head onto Bucky’s shoulder again. “He’s gon’ be so pished at me,” he said, utterly tragic.
“Bruce and I will be staying too,” Natasha added.
There was a moment of shocked silence as they all took a breath. Natasha’s eyes went glassy.
Steve frowned. “No condom? Is that safe?”
“You’re not the monster you believe you are, Tony.” And there was the Phil that Clint finally fell in love with, Tony thought. Later though. Much later.
Tony caught a glimpse of Steve’s worried face before the door slid closed behind him. He saw that the second door had swished open and stepped forward.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You really aren’t,” she said, one side of her mouth twitching.
“He’s a fucking octopus,” Bucky said, moving further into the room, eyes very intent on Steve’s face. “He lets you go with one arm, and then slips another around your heart while you aren’t looking.” He stood about three feet from the bed. “Next thing you know, you’re all wrapped up in Rogers without a chance to escape.”
“I hate you,” Tony scowled.
Tony swallowed hard. It wasn’t in his nature to talk about emotions. But this was Rhodey. Rhodey who knew him better than anyone, except perhaps for Pepper.
“You’re not!” Tony’s jaw firmed. “You’re the strongest person I know, Buck. I can’t think of a single fucking human being who could have endured what you did and come out sane.”
“That’s Hydra,” Steve said, wanting to comfort Bucky, but unsure how to even begin.
“We’ve been looking for you,” Tony told him, leading him to the kitchen. “Coffee? Tea? Stronger?”
Thor’s departure left them all sitting (and standing) around feeling a little aimless. “Anyone want Chinese?” Tony asked. When in doubt, eat. It was a motto that had served him well over the years.
“Tony.” Steve frowned at him. “You know Doctor Strange the best out of all of us, it has to be you.”
“He’s a complete asshole, Bruce,” Tony confided. “I don’t know why I like him so much.” He was already feeling calmer.
“In my vision I saw Asgard destroyed,” Thor said. “I can only assume it was for the Space Stone’s location.”
Yes! Tony thought as he blasted a few more of Ultron’s creations. “Thor, I’ve got a plan!”
” Jörmungandr informed him. The light grew brighter and Tony sped up when he noticed that Jörmungandr was walking faster.
“Then you should call her,” Natasha said.
Steve stumbled on a startled laugh. “Coulson would slit your throat with his tie.”
Thor took Loki and the Tesseract back to Asgard, along with Steve’s warnings about Thanos. The god had promised to speak to his father, Odin, to ask if he could see a future where Thanos still won. Steve prayed that he’d done enough to stop the mad Titan.
each other. Bucky and Steve moved like Sam and Dean, constantly aware of each other. It was beautiful and terrifying and they were his.
“So then we destroy it,” Steve said.
“Make it as hot as I can handle, F.R.I.D.A.Y.,” he ordered
Steve froze. “The end of Asgard?”
“To play hide the salami?” Tony asked, waggling his eyebrows.
“Let’s have him wake up without the bugs in his head, and then you can both thank me, okay?” Bruce put a hand on Steve’s shoulder. “I know how much he means to you, my friend.”
Natasha brushed at her hair. “Say, Doc, you wouldn't happen to be moving your hair, would you?”
“I will destroy it once you’ve pulled it out,” Thor said to Loki. His face twisted. “This seems to be the coward’s way out.”
“How come?” Tony asked.
“Use him?” Steve walked in, Bucky at his side. “I don’t like the sound of that.” He glared at the crown in suspicion.
“He dreamed of love.” Vision’s endless gaze caught at Steve’s. “And Tony has ever been resistant to the thought of love.”
“No.” Steve tried to glare at Bucky, but he was just too damn happy to even pretend. “I’m counting on you to stay safe. Which is why I want Bruce to get those tiny machine thingys out of your thick skull.” And the conversation circled back around.
I reread the comments over & over - they give me incentive to continue. Thank you all for the support.
Steve looked at Tony then.
“No.” Steve’s voice was firm. “You clearly need to learn about control.” He moved around behind Tony, pulling him back and up into the vee of his legs. His cock was hard against Tony’s back.
“I have a lot of admirers,” Tony said with a smile. “You’ll need to be more specific.”
Steve rubbed a hand over his face. “We can’t keep eyes on him every second,” he said. He didn’t sound convinced.
“Okay, that sounds plausible.” Steve acknowledged. He tapped his chin. “What would we do with it though?”
Bruce held up a hand. “Wait, you just dial up the King of Hell?” He blinked. “Isn’t that sort of dangerous?”
Bucky’s startled laugh was reward enough.
“And yet, I wasn’t changing,” Bruce noted. “Not even close.”
~o0o~
in the room that he could see.
“If I’m right, and let’s face it, I usually am, the Brothers Trim will most likely shock the crap out of Vision.” Tony rubbed his hands gleefully together.
“The closer to the source of the original spell, the easier it will to detangle it.” Strange sat perfectly still.
the Winchesters, they’ll have passed a few options on to you on that page.” He tapped Steve’s chest. “Don’t. Try. Any. Of. Them.”
“There was nothing to say,” Tony replied, eyes still intent on Bucky’s face. “You know I don’t blame you. I’ve
Steve froze.
So, just an FYI - this story ended up taking an unexpected turn. Apologies for the lack of sexy times. I promise they're coming. We just need to deal with a demon god-king-thing.
He stared at Steve. “I knew that Barnes was a victim. Hell, I forgave him pretty much the moment he rescued me from the hospital room.” He grinned up at Bucky and Steve wanted that smile to turn to him. “Barnes is my new pet project. That arm needs to be rebuilt.”
“On your six, Sammy!” Dean was like a crazy person, his ax singing through the air. Tony had always thought that Steve was the finest fighter he’d ever seen. Until he’d seen Bucky.
“What?” Steve frowned at her. “I don’t think that’s…”
He tucked his hand through her arm, guiding her towards the mansion, Barnes at their heels. Happy honked the horn once as he drove off. “You’re not the boss of me anymore, remember?”
“Sure, go ahead.” Bucky seemed unconcerned. “He’ll probably turn red like a tomato and stutter his way through the explanation.” He grinned. “He’s sort of old-fashioned, in case you didn’t notice.”
Steve shrugged, his body loose and languid. “It’s been fucking forever, you asshole. It’s a miracle I lasted for more than a second.”
He hurried after Bucky, feeling hopeful for the first time that day.
A million apologies for the late chapter. I've had pneumonia & then every appliance in my house decided to pack up at once. I am terrified about the clear retcon that Infinity War is going to make of this but I still maintain that Tony will be/have the Soul Stone.
“I am not of much use here, Tony.” Vision’s eyes slid over to where Wanda was studiously ignoring them. “I am not needed.”
“What box? There is not a fucking box for this!” Tony flailed, knocking over his coffee cup. “I woke up this morning, just like normal and now Captain America kissed me! The box has left the building!”
~~~O~~~~
“Bruce, Vision and I are your best bet to save your world and ours,” Tony said. “But we can’t go any faster or we’ll burn out.”
“She’s more like the physical manifestation of a hawk,” Tony said, coming into the kitchen with Bruce at his back. He pressed an absent kiss to Steve’s mouth, rubbed his thumb across Bucky’s lips. “She isn’t actually a bird.” He paused. “Come to think of it, I’m not even sure that she is a ‘she’.” His eyes ran covetously over the spread on the table. “Excellent, all food groups represented.” He headed for the nearest pile of bacon.
A strand of scarlet slid up and circled his wrist. “You are worthy, Tony Stark,” Wanda told him with an enigmatic smile.
“This is supposed to be about you,” Steve muttered, feeling ashamed at his lack. He didn’t know what he was doing here.
“You learned how to dance from Jarvis,” Rhodey said. “I
Thor pushed him down onto a sofa, promptly sitting down beside him. “Stop berating yourself, brother,” he ordered. “What is done is done and cannot be undone. The only thing for us to do now is to move forward.”
Steve watched as the smoke dissipated. Tony and Strange were gone.
Steve was bright red. “Shut up, Bucky,” he ordered.
Steve couldn’t stop the snorted laugh. Tony looked over at him. “You think this is funny? This fucking demented piece of cloth won’t leave me alone!” He pulled out a lighter, flicking it on in warning. “I’m warning you, I will not hesitate to use this!”
Tony stared at him. “I know how Bruce and Viz got here, but you and Pep made good time. What supersonic jet did you appropriate?”
Natasha's expression changed subtly. “Tony...”
“Everything is so confusing,” Wanda said, her fingers fluttering against his like broken birds. “Pietro would have known what to do.”
Steve hides in Tony's lab. Tony is bad at flirting. Finally! The sexy times
“Hey” Tony protested. “I’m
Everyone spun around. Bruce was the only one who looked even a little embarrassed.
“Why?” Tony whined, making grabby hands at the elusive elixir.
“Told you we wouldn’t let you go.” Bucky’s voice, right by his ear, made Tony jump with a manly yelp.
Bruce handed the notebook to her. “A bunch of woo-woo magic crap,” he said.
will take your head off your shoulders if you keep talking about him like that,” Bucky drawled.
“We’ll try not to do that,” Tony said, peering around Steve’s shoulder. “How big is he?” He could feel the stink-eye Steve was giving him.
“Of what?” Bucky asked, completely ignoring everyone else. Steve thought perhaps he was the only one who was even remotely uncomfortable with this display. Everyone else on the Avengers clearly spent too much time watching daytime tv. They were all avidly watching Tony and Bucky.
He lay down on the small bed, trying to assimilate everything that had happened. “F.R.I.D.A.Y.?”
“Oof!” He was suddenly flat on the ground looking up into the burning emerald eyes of a pissed-off Hulk. “Hey, big guy?” he squeaked, waving a hand. “What's happening?”
Bruce swallowed hard. “Tony says I've already got more control. He said the two greatest minds in the world should be able to figure something out.”
“Like what?” Tony asked, visibly struggling for composure.
Steve shook his head. “I’m built to last, Bruce. Let’s get this done.”
“My brother is being tricksy, once more,” Thor said, leveling Loki with a look. Tony noticed that Loki was pretty happy to let Thor take over which was interesting. He filed that away to take out and examine later.
Tony narrowed his gaze. “You're not the boss of me.”
Steve obeyed, finally prying his eyelids open. “What happened?” he croaked.
Tony protested, “I'm just thinking about the appropriate way to...mmff!” That was Bucky's tongue in his mouth, Tony noted a little hazily. Nice tongue. He should say hi to Bucky's tongue. With
“And it’s
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why didn’t he ask me?” Natasha’s eyes were narrowed. “Steve and I are way more aware of politics than you are. And so is Rhodes.” She shook her head. “What aren’t you telling us?”
No matter. He’d shove down his anger, his sense of betrayal, because having Bucky back in his life was more important than anything else.
“The last time I tried to talk to you it didn’t go so well for me,” Tony said, touching his chest with one hand.
He scratched his belly as he trundled into the bathroom. It was going to be a big day. He had to convince the Senate to drop the Superhuman Registration Act before the rest of the situation went to shit.
Tony watched in wonder. Bruce was always so careful, so in control. It was a special privilege to see him just relax and laugh his ass off.
I will try to post every day until it's done. Thanks for the love so far. This has been a blast.
Bucky Barnes glared at him. “What the fuck are you doing here at ass o clock in the morning, Stark?” The scientist in Tony’s brain catalogued the well-muscled chest and low-slung pants, noting that Barnes was a relatively attractive member of the human race.
Wong added, “We swore an oath to protect the Time Stone. With our lives.”
“It was quick. One headshot.” Bucky sat up too, folding his legs and just out of Tony’s reach.
Tony nodded so vigorously that Steve thought his head might fall off. “So okay, so
The not-cat hunkered down in the corner of the cage, growling low in warning, tail lashing in a blur.
Several of the flying stars coalesced and Tony gaped as something that looked remarkably like a computer started forming. The machine took shape, the pinpricks of light forming hard edges, keys, buttons and slots. “Is that…?”
Bucky stopped moving. “Do you ever…?” Tony heard hesitation and fear in his voice. “I mean, about me? Do you ever feel that way?”
“Apparently, Thor's brother, Loki, is somehow the not-cat Matilda and is also one of the Ascended,” Clint offered. “Any thoughts?”
“Bruce has an unfortunate green problem, and Vision is carrying the Mind Stone. Who knows what could happen,” Tony explained. “There’s no-one else.”
“Hopefully Rhodey keeps them a little in control,” Steve said, yawning behind his hand. “I’m just glad that Tony has been otherwise occupied.”
“We are too trusting,” Thor admitted. “I should have known when my ‘father’ offered me the throne that something was not right.”
“You’re lying on the floor and your eyes are closed.” Bruce’s dry tone had Steve trying to open his eyes. His eyelashes clung stickily to his eyelids. A wet cloth dropped over his face. “Use it,” Bruce told him.
“Was.” Steve would never forget Sam's instant willingness to help him. Steve would owe him forever. Tony designing new wings for Falcon wasn't even a start to what he owed Sam.
“What?” Steve couldn’t believe the words. “He wanted us dead?”
The silence that greeted his request made something in Tony’s chest clench. “J?” he whispered.
strange, had a Frost Giant in his pocket. Like a big blue cat.”
“Indeed,” T’Challa agreed. “But, despite your insistence, you
And here was where things were going to get weird, Tony thought.
“How’s that working out for you?” Rhodey asked.
“Bruce! Buddy! My angry, sad, lost little lamb!” Tony threw his arms around Bruce. And pulled back with a wince. “My naked, sweaty,
Steve frowned. “A message? From who?”
“You indicated that you weren’t interested in working with SHIELD, Mr. Stark.” Coulson had regained his composure. “Steve, however, was keen to sign up with us.”
“It’s a highly experimental device that officially doesn’t exist,” Bruce told them. “Hold this please.” He gave the machine to Bucky.
~o0o~
“It has something to do with a registration act.” Charles Xavier’s smooth voice had them turning to him. “I wasn’t expecting anyone else.”
Tony heard Strange’s muffled laugh. “Not helpful,” Tony said.
Steve and Sam met each other’s gaze and Tony felt his stomach swoop. This suddenly felt like a
“I don’t know what that means.” Crowley dismissed it with a wave. “I can’t go further than this.” He pointed at a narrow tunnel. “Stick to the path and you will come out by the Cage.”
Bruce stepped in before Steve could say a word. “Am I killer?” he asked. “When the Other Guy gets loose and levels cities, hurts people, is that my fault?”
Tony just stared at Steve, his mouth offline for the first time in his life.
Tony looked around at his team. Waited for Steve. “You need to tell us everything,” Steve ordered Fury. “And no hedging.”
“Thanos is not an enemy that will be easily killed,” Strange warned.
Tony wiped his eyes. “We’re actually pretty good at saving the world,” he said once he’d caught his breath again. Bruce was still hiccoughing as Natasha helpfully smacked his back. “We’ve managed to do it a few times already.”
“Language,” Tony reprimanded, almost without thought.
“Those who died, how did you feel about them?” She kept her eyes on Tony while the coils of her power slipped across the jet to twist around Tony’s ankle.
Bucky shifted a little, took more of Tony’s weight and dropped an arm over his shoulders. Tony’s head slipped into the curve of Bucky’s neck, nose pressed against his skin. Steve could feel his body tensing.
Steve looked over at Thor. “Do you think maybe you could head back to Asgard and ask your father about Set?”
time?” Steve wasn’t used to being patient. He preferred to face a problem head-on and sort it out quickly.
He waved his tablet in front of Clint. “We don’t have enough crazy in our lives? You have to bring in a couple of murderous, ‘dead’ psychopaths?” Steve rescued the tablet from Tony’s flailing grasp.
“I don’t understand,” Ross said. “It’s barely a thought yet, hardly an idea.” He seemed to be talking to himself.
Natasha’s eyes rolled so hard they practically rolled out of her eye sockets. It was a little bit scary. “You’re an idiot.”
“Are you trying to tell me that you’re a time traveller?” Coulson had always been quick.
“First of all, ew.” Tony held up on finger. “And second of all, none of your fucking business.” He held up his middle finger.
Clint looked between them. “I’ll stay with Tony,” he said. “What?” His shoulders hunched up defensively when they all looked at him. “I actually
Tony blinked again. “Uh.”
Tony smiled at him. “Are you sure you can’t think of anything else we could do?” he asked, one hand coming up and letting his long fingers trace the length of Steve’s arm muscle up towards his shoulder.
“My father, Odin, has requested that I remain in Asgard to learn the affairs of state of a crown prince.” Thor sounded pretty bitter at the thought. “I am forced to assume the throne on my father’s death even though it is nothing I desire in life.”
Tony wanted to curl up into a ball and whine. He missed Earth and all its recognizable crazy. He could deal with that.
“Hey Billie,” Dean waved. “Long time no see.”
Finally done - a million apologies for the wait but the plot bunnies have been nibbling at my brain & I have about 3 new stories plotted out clamoring for attention.
know!” Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist. “You wanted to make the beast with two… no... three backs!”
Coulson just stared at him, waiting. Tony began to fidget. He was terrible at waiting people out. It took about thirty seconds. “It was a dude thing person whosit called Uatu. Called himself Earth’s Watcher or some shit. Wanted to give me a chance to fix something.”
“Think of the kids, Stevie,” Bucky begged.
Tony whimpered when Bucky pulled back. He was vibrating with need. “Okay, enough messing around, and
A small reminder that my gofundme is still active. I am now having to replace the stove, dishwasher, microwave & build a fence for the dog that I rescued /o\ https://gofundmesa.co.za/help-cyd-survive-goal-r20-000/ Any help would be awesome - the ZAR is doing poorly against all currencies so even a dollar would help.
There was an air of resignation in the jet. Steve couldn’t bring himself to look around at his team.
Steve felt sick. “I thought….” He swallowed hard. “He said…”
Steve wanted to keep holding onto Bucky, but he realized that he couldn’t, shouldn’t make his team choose. “It’ll take some time,” he said, nodding to them.
“What should I tell them?” Bucky asked, his tone suspiciously bland. “That we’re planning a robbery in space?”
“Stop that,” Bucky grumbled when he put Tony down next to his bed a few moments later.
“Way to go, Cap?” Sam asked. He held out his fist for Steve to bump it. Steve glared at him.
Pepper was still pale. “I refuse to accept that possibility,” she said. “Tony Stark has survived far more than this. Especially as part of your team, Captain. He’s the one who usually comes up with the solutions. This time it’s our turn to save him.”
“Why should we trust what you say?” The South African representative was a regal-looking woman. “Your alter-ego just about destroyed one of our cities. Your lack of control is part of the reason for the necessity of the Accords.”
Steve hated the smile that curved Bucky’s mouth. It made everything inside him turn small and mean. “That’s what Clint said. I’m guessing he’s pretty creative in other ways too.” He
Tony took the glass that DUM-E was offering him. “What is it?” he asked, peering suspiciously into the contents.
wasn’t his forte. “What does one need to summon a demon god from another dimension?”
“I met the oldest being in the universe,” he announced. “This is huge shit.” He flapped a hand. “I saved the world.”
Steve refused to think about it. Maybe if he pretended long enough it would eventually be believed into reality. “Open your gift,”
“Gotta catch me first!” he yelled from the safety of Pepper’s back. He pressed a kiss to her blushing cheek. “Go get him, tiger.”
There was no answer to that question that presented either him or Tony in a positive light. “We made mistakes,” he said finally.
Sam sighed. “I hate it when you make sense.”
“What the fuck…?” he breathed.
“Oh no, Sammy, you don’t look at her.” Clint clasped his shoulder with a firm hand. “Unless you want life as you know it to end in blood and tears.”
It was only when Bruce turned an alarming shade of minty green that he stepped in. Tony stuck his fingers between his teeth and blew. The shrill sound of his whistle had them all shutting up. He thumbed at Bruce. “The Other Guy
“He’s a pain in my ass,” Tony growled, shoving his hands under his armpits. The late afternoon air was chilly.
“No!” That same tone of fear that Steve had heard when they’d started talking showed up again. “I’m not alone. I mean…!” Tony trailed off. “The robots!” he said. “I have the robots and F.R.I.D.A.Y.”
“Uh….” Bucky’s voice broke off the kiss. Tony did
“It’s six pm,” Steve said.
Pepper was already on her phone organizing someone to come over and fix it.
Tony grinned, mentally rubbing his palms together. This scenario had never been part of that original meeting.
Tony wasn’t sure if that comforted him at all. “Thanks,” he said anyway as the tree closed up behind him.
to.” He took Pierce over to the retinal scanner, Natasha’s hand steady on her gun.
” Jörmungandr arched a frosty eyebrow.
Her smile was a little wider when she pulled away. “Seems like you’ve made a new friend.”
Rhodey stared at him. “What?” He sounded shocked. Steve was a lot more cynical these days. Nothing much surprised him about this brave new world he’d woken up in.
world mostly, but that usually meant the whole world would end up changing anyway.
Tony flapped a hand around. “I’m not seeing a terminal here, am I?” He refused to think about that small slice in the fabric of the tree root that had appeared…
“Fuck. That is hotter than hot.” Tony wriggled under Steve, opening his legs to make it easier for him. “Come on, Captain, do it.”
Tony sat at the one end of the table, Steve at the other. The rest of the team spread out around the table. It didn’t escape Steve that Vision, Rhodes and Pepper stayed close to Tony. What
Sam looked at Clint. “Heaven is real,” he told him. “It’s a little different to Hell though. Human souls that are bound together share a heaven.”
“Can I kill him?” Bucky asked Steve.
“I’m thinking that if we destroy one of the stones then Thanos can’t get the Gauntlet to do what he wants.” Tony looked around the room expectantly.
“He’s sorry for destroying my home and will bring me jewels,” Tony assured him, leaning back against Bucky’s bulk.
And that was another thing, Tony thought. His robots
“The ‘someone’ is actually two brothers. Trust me when I say that they’ve seen more shit than even we have.” Clint smiled.
Clint was the first of the original team to arrive, eyes haunted and bleak. Tony took one look at him and pulled him into a hug. “I’m sorry.” He’d forgotten. This was just after Laura and the kids had been killed by Rumlow and the last tendrils of the Hydra beast.
He shoved away from the table. Even though he and Pepper had been done for a long time in his memory, it still hurt him to hurt her. At least this time around he’d broken it off before she hated him.
He made his way to the living room about ten minutes later. He’d pulled on a pair of soft cotton lounging pajamas that Rhodey had given him as a gag gift one year. Tony
“Not leaving him.” Steve mirrored Bucky’s actions.
Thor followed him with a bounce in his step. “Some physical exercise is just the thing,” he declared, almost flattening Steve with a clap on his back.
“No,” Steve protested. “It wasn’t. It isn’t. Tony, you gave us a home, a refuge, a place where we could just be ourselves without putting on our public faces. You gave us a family.
“The Cage,” Steve clarified.
believe it.
“I do not know if the child is male or female.” Loki looked grey and old suddenly. He rubbed a hand over his face. “It is an ugly tale.”
Steve shook his head. “Everything,” he repeated. He leaned across to press a kiss against Tony’s smiling mouth.
Steve turned slowly back to look at the hawk. “You’re in my mind,” he pointed out, pretty unnecessarily.
Tony stared at him. “We still have some pretty serious shit to work out,” he said after a moment. “All of us.”
good at pretending. In fact, he was so good at it that he’d almost managed to convince himself that he was just fine with the events of the past few days.
“Hm,” Tony mused. “So, you’re not interested in my technology anymore?” His tone was arch. Of
Steve instructed Clint to land the Quinjet on the White House lawn. It wasn’t as though Loki didn’t know they were coming.
Rhodey, Wilson, Wanda and Vision had returned carrying bags of supplies. The team had descended on the food as though they’d been starved for days. Tony noticed that the Winchesters had elbowed for food as quickly as his friends had.
“It cannot be destroyed,” Thor declared. “However, my father has offered to store it in the vaults of Asgard, along with the other dangerous objects we have removed from the Seven Realms.”
Tony's avoiding things. Pepper sets him straight. The team needs to heal. Starting with Bucky.
“Dr. Banner is in his laboratory,” Vision said, ignoring the friendly overture. “Allow me to guide you to your quarters in the East Wing.” He floated away in that eerie glide that Steve hadn’t realized how much he’d missed.
hot,” Clint said. “I’d like to keep my lunch down.” He skipped out of the reach of Natasha’s foot and promptly smacked his head into a shelf. Nobody even pretended not to laugh.
“Come along, Bug Man, it’s time to leave.” Melinda May hugged Rhodes again before heading to the jet.
Bucky met his gaze. “Give him some space, Stevie. I think that's what he's asking for.”
DUM-E beeped in question, trundling towards him. “No, stay there, bad DUM-E!” But the robot wasn’t to be denied. Its arms reached out to Tony and drew him in.
“Is that where we are?” Tony looked back at Strange. “I thought we were in Jotunheim.”
Several arguments later, they’d agreed that only a small team was going on the mission. Steve and Bucky had both insisted, a manic light in their eyes. Tony thought that the idea of taking on Hell itself was disturbingly a turn-on for them.
“He’s your brother, man.” Bucky leaned his elbows on the table. “Family comes first.”
“Oh my god.” Sam spun on his heel, throwing up a hand. “There are not enough no’s in the world to make me stay.”
Tony sighed. “When did everything go to shit?” He looked around and thought that he might actually hate
Rhodey froze. Steve held up a hand. “No.” It was only one word but he was happy to see Rhodes obey immediately. It was a work in progress but they were getting there.
She left him sucking in air as though all of the oxygen had been siphoned out of the room.
“Lila,” Laura said with a warning tone.
Thor sighed. “He tricked me too at first; telling me he would give me the throne, step down as king.” Thor rubbed his eyes wearily.
“It’s ‘cause he was always the little guy, you know,” Bucky nodded. “I’m sure it had something to do with overcompensation.” His grin faltered when he saw Steve’s face. “Stevie? Are you okay? Should I not talk about….?”
“Because before, you didn't have me.” Carol sounded just like Tony. Thor was right. He liked her too.
“You’re both idiots.” Natasha looked down at them. “Move over,” she ordered Clint. He obliged, letting her drape her legs over his while Sam picked up the remote and pointed it at the huge television.
“Why not?” Tony asked. “I’m very have-able.”
Tony turned to look at the team, eyebrows raised. “Well, that was unexpected,” he said.
Tony felt Bucky’s finger at his hole, making him hiss. “I know that,” he said on a shaky breath. “It means everything to me too.”
Steve just dropped his face into his hands. “I hate my life.”
helping.” Sam grinned at him.
He shrugged. “You don’t really know me,” he replied. “I’m not sure why you said those things, but thank you.”
Steve wondered how the Norwegian nation was going to handle the sudden influx of god-like expatriates. “That’s great news,” he said instead. “Your father?”
Tony shoved his hands in his hair. “How do I get through to…” He stopped. “What’s the date today?”
attention?” Tony squeaked. Yeah. No. Not a good thing.
“Why?” Steve asked. He didn’t say no.
“How many times must I remind you boys that we are, in fact, in Hell?” Crowley asked, gaze dispassionately going around the room. “This isn’t Happy Hippo’s Holiday Camp.”
“So Skurge, that’s Strange’s pet giant, took us down to this place called Mímisbrunnr, which is sort of a realm within a realm apparently.” He looked around the room. “The universe began with a tree, by the way.”
Tony saluted him with his middle finger. “Jealous bitch,” he mouthed back.
if nothing else.
The rest of the team turned away as Tony handed his tablet to Bruce.
Tony tilted his head. “I’m still not sure when you’re messing with me, you know?”
Bucky’s cock was hard and damp, nudging up between Tony’s thighs, cuddling in like it wasn’t big enough to split him in two.
Tony gulped. “Haha! Nothing. You are my queen.” He skipped behind Steve, and bolted for the kitchen.
“No,” Steve whispered. “I’ve just got you, we’ve just started…” He sounded lost and afraid.
“I’m not sure that the term ‘grown men’ could be applied to those two,” Laura said from his other side.
“Death cannot be cured, James!” Tony hollered, whimpering again when his head fell off his shoulders.
“Trust me, I know.” Tony jabbed viciously at a particularly recalcitrant joint. “Make a note.”
Xavier looked pained. “I have no idea why Nick Fury ever thought you were mature enough to be an Avenger.”
Bucky’s grin was blinding. “That’s better,” he said. “At least you don’t look like someone kicked your puppy.”
“Lucifer?” He wasn’t sure he’d heard correctly. “As in, the Devil?” He made the horns over his head and Steve smacked at him.
“Skål!” they all repeated obediently.
Sam nodded, eyes closing. “Almost nothing you know about him is true,” he murmured, nodding off against Dean’s shoulder. “He lies really well. Makes you believe him.”
“You flatterer,” Tony said with a grin, enjoying the flush on Pepper’s cheeks. “So, I’m guessing the gang is all here?” He headed for the kitchen. He had a sudden urge to see Rhodey, the kids, Laura, to make sure that his little family was still safely together.
“Boss. Please.” F.RI.D.A.Y. begged.
, as TonyandPepper, were done.
“Shut the fuck up.” Tony sounded tired. “Just don’t. Please.”
Reaction was always slow to set in. He shook beneath the sheet of water that pounding against his skin. He’d just come back from Hell. You’d think that all the crap that he’d seen in his time as Iron Man, a trip to actual Hell wouldn’t have phased him.
did,” Natasha replied, sounding so disapproving that it made Steve blush harder.
Sam got to his feet, offering a hand to Jane. “Excuse Dean, he’s not quite house-trained.”
Tony waited. Nothing came. “Okay?” he asked, not sure what that meant.
Bucky tugged at Tony. “Come on, brainiac, let’s go and tell the scary lady that you obeyed her.”
He met Rhodey’s searching gaze. “We’re in trouble. There’s not much time to sort our shit out.” He looked over at Bruce. “Feel like conducting a mass therapy session, Doctor Banner?”
The pain in his chest grew until it was a vice that pressed his entire being together. “I don’t understand.”
“No, it was all on me,” Steve said, taking a large sip. It burned going down, fire that swept the fear away. “If I’d just stopped and thought about it, I would have known that Tony wasn’t the sort of guy to sign on for rules and regulations.”
“It’s what made me create Ultron,” Tony said, clearly unsure about where she was going with her questions. “I needed to find a way to save them.”
Steve looked sharply at him. “What does
He gave a sigh of relief. “Hey, octopus boy, how about letting my blood circulate a little?” Tony poked Bucky’s thick forearm.
Strange rolled his eyes hard enough to do damage. “I’m shaking with fear,” he drawled.
too many times over the past two days.
“Why didn’t you take this to Secretary Ross?” Delany asked. “He was the architect behind it. Surely he’d be the best person to suggest amendments to the UN?”
“I sensed a disturbance as we made our way back to Midgard. Who are you, trespasser and how do you dare to have my friend ensorcelled so thoroughly?” Thor’s voice was a dangerous rumble of thunder across the sky.
him!”
“Tony, I’m sorry we took so long. That you died.” Steve shook his head. “When Bruce told me that I was too late…” he choked up, blue eyes anguished. “I failed you.”
“Stark’s the one I wronged, Stevie. It had to be done.” Barnes tugged Steve into the kitchen. Pepper, Rhodey and Vision all moved closer to Tony, a visible show of support that he completely appreciated.
“Tony.” That one use of his name had Tony stop moving. “I need you to be safe. You and Bucky. I can’t worry about you two while I’m dealing with this.”
“I...” He stopped. “I'll get my pants.”
“Coulson?” Clint was on his feet, rushing towards his former handler. “I thought you were dead!”
!” The nausea rose in Tony’s throat. “It’s part of you.”
“Marvelous,” Dean drawled. He smiled at Tony. “You okay there, pal?”
“Yes, you do,” Rhodey said. “It’s who you are. That’s just what you need.”
Tony shuddered a little as he obeyed. He didn’t like turning his back on anyone, but Bucky wasn’t just anyone, and to him, this would be the ultimate demonstration of trust.
He almost hacked out a lung while Steve smacked him on his back. It was starting to be a pattern. “Are you okay?” Steve asked, his blue eyes far too close to Tony’s face.
Steve shook his head. “You’re such a jerk, you know?”
He blinked.
“Uh, guys?” They turned to look at Rhodey.
“Yggdrasil will be who or what you need her to be,” Strange told him. “Just ask her.”
“Do you want to take the chance that it isn’t?” Coulson responded. “If he isn’t marked, then he needs the protection. If he is, then he might need to be taken down.”
“Meddling with time is something my father would not approve of,” Thor rumbled. He sighed. “But the All-Father is no longer with us, so I suppose it is no matter.”
Sam’s bitchy expression showed how little he’d appreciated Tony’s sarcasm. Dean’s snorted laugh told Tony that this wasn’t a new thing. “Let’s go then,” Dean said, swinging at the tide of monsters, scattering them in a wild spray.
“Literally,” Tony shot back, and they started giggling because of course they had no self-control even in the General Assembly of the United Nations.
“Thank you, Einstein, we got that much, which is why we called
Tony gestured at his dick. “Trust me, babe, Little Tony is totally with the program.”
“That sounds like a story we all need to hear,” Bruce said, looking interested.
“That’s why he asked me,” Bruce said. “He’d heard rumblings and wanted to check if I’d heard the same.”
Tony looked over at him again. “Yes.” He gritted his teeth. “But they had help getting out.”
Steve lifted his head sharply, meeting Bucky’s gaze. The hope there was almost too much to bear. Bucky looked back at Bruce. “Yeah, Doc, that would be great. I'm about done with having Hydra in my head.”
“I’m starting to think that maybe Bucky is right,” Steve said, pulling Tony to his feet. “You sure you didn’t get concussed after the fight with the Hulk?” His eyes were concerned as he peered into Tony’s face.
“Then why is it acceptable for weapons in human form to be used without regulation?” T’Challa asked.
“Ah, I think I’m with you,” he muttered. “God, I hope there aren’t bedbugs.”
Laura’s smile was small, but at least it was genuine. “Seriously, you saved our lives, Tony. Literally and figuratively.” She patted Rhodey’s cheek. “And Coop and Lila adore your robots.”
Barnes met his gaze. “He was. And then he wasn’t. So Bucky stuck.”
“Can somebody fucking take care of that?” Tony grumbled, swiveling his hips to show his neglected dick. “It hurts.”
Bucky relaxed again, his fingers still clutching at Steve’s. “Don’t make any sudden moves, Doc,” he said, only half-jokingly. “I wouldn’t want to kill you by accident.”
“You’re becoming a real boy, Stark,” Coulson said with a smirk. “Thank you.”
“Mr. Barton, this is the Vision.” The android’s voice was smooth and cool. “I have been instructed to request that you and your friends please land at the co-ordinates that I have uploaded into the Quinjet’s guidance.”
“He wasn’t supposed to tell you that,” Tony muttered.
“You’re plenty rich,” Steve told him, hovering back uncertainly.
“I’m drinking my beer-flavored water!” Tony took a sip to prove his point. “I need to take you to South Africa or Australia where they make
“That would require us to go into space,” Clint pointed out. “I’m not sure I’m comfortable with that idea.”
a plan?”
Eyes were glazing over. “Anyway, long story short, I used the Reality Stone and the formula and ta-da!” He made jazz hands. Nobody appeared impressed. “Trust me, it was awesome.”
Tony shifted again, uncomfortable with the turn of the conversation. “You don't have to butter me up, Bucky. I'm pretty much a sure thing.” He realized what he'd said and coughed. “Uh...” So much for having all of the variables, he thought.
Tony turned to stare at Steve. “You’re giving me the
“A scepter?” Tony asked, ever hopeful.
Big arms pulled him close, one hand grabbing Tony’s and placing it against a broad chest. “Breathe Tony. Breathe with me.”
Tony wanted to kick the asshole. Robocop was a fucking cheap knockoff of his awesome.
“Breathe, love.” Steve said, holding him in his arms, pressing their chests together.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony battered at his tablet, cursing progressively louder as he received no response. “Someone’s disabled F.R.I.D.A.Y.”
Steve felt a little sick. “Okay.” So. Bucky and Tony. Steve would deal with this new development later. When he could close his door and scream into his pillow. Or maybe destroy a couple of punching bags.
isn’t liking the conflict, fellas.”
“And that is?” Sam asked.
“And just where did you pop out of?” Tony asked.
Tony snickered a little. “Asserting your heteronormative masculinity?” He deliberately stood on Rhodey’s foot.
“Thank you for your help so far.” Steve held out a hand. The clear surprise in Loki’s face as he shook Steve’s hand was a revelation. The sheer happiness on Thor’s was reward enough.
“Busy with what?” Steve asked, frustrated at being kept out of the loop.
“Oh, there they are.” Bucky waved an arm and Tony turned to see Natasha, Clint and the Winchesters hurrying towards them.
” His shoulders straightened. “
much.
“Uh….” Tony felt a little hunted right now.
Steve sat back after his second plate of pasta with a groan. “That was amazing, thanks guys.”
“About a million daddy issues, which I can totally relate to,” Tony added. “What about the other archangels?” He frowned. “There are about six of them, right?”
Tony swallowed hard, keeping his arms around him. “I’m sorry,” he said again. It was completely inadequate.
Tony shook his head. “I forgot what an utter troll you are, Steven. It makes me tear up a little.” He hauled Steve towards his quarters, slightly terrified that Steve would change his mind and everything would go pear-shaped yet again.
Dean grinned. “I’m the type who collects on my debts,” he warned. “It was good meeting you, Captain. I’m glad some things in life aren’t an over-exaggeration.”
“Not to worry,” Tony said, suiting up completely. “The others have arrived and are most likely in a Quinjet so your transportation is taken care of.”
“Your fucking Bucky will be just fine,” Rhodes snarled. “Tony knows that he’s basically a POW and won’t fucking trigger him.”
believe me, in a couple of years we’ll tear each other apart and not one of our teams will be unaffected.” He put his glass down. “We may not be friends, Reed, but we need to be allies. We need to make sure that the SRA is
She shrugged. “I only share my vision, I do not interpret it.”
“I thought the brain didn’t heal?” Clint peered at Bucky over Bruce’s shoulder.
Things start heating up. And then they cool down. In an unsexy way. Bucky has issues, people
Steve watched Bucky step away from him and edge a little closer to Tony. He wondered how much of it was desire and how much was knowing that Tony was on the knife-edge precipice of imminent death.
“I promise we would never do something like that to Vision.” Steve met Loki's gaze. “
Tony flinched as something slithered over his foot. “Thor has been trying to teach us Asgardian comedy for years. It hasn’t taken yet.” He tried to surreptitiously shake his foot. The thing didn’t seem inclined to let go.
“Sam?” Steve heard Rhodes yelling. “Sam? Where are you?” And he knew. He knew.
Steve couldn’t just sit around waiting for Tony to come back. “I need something to do,” he said, sitting in the kitchen with Natasha and Bucky. “I’m going nuts here.”
Thor frowned in confusion. “But I thought….” Jane stood on his toes with a very sharp heel. “Nothing!” he yelped in a high falsetto. “I was mistaken. I know not of what I speak. I must have imbibed of too much wine!”
Thor put him down with a wince. “I must apologize Tony. Jane is forever telling me I have no sense of my own strength.” He sounded ridiculously proud of the fact.
Wait.
Tony realized his peril. “Totally not funny, gorgeous,” he assured her. “It must have come from a stray bird. Easy to get lost in this tower, ya know?”
how badly you lead.” He kicked Tony’s ankle.
“What?” Steve put a hand at Tony’s back, steering him towards the bedroom. “Us?”
Steve held his face between his palms. “Fear does funny things to common sense,” he told Tony. “I had to be strong for everyone else. They rely on me to hold them up.”
Tony scowled at him. “But look what we got out of it?” He flung a hand out to indicate Vision.
. In fact, he was so buzzed on adrenalin that he doubted he’d sleep for a week. “It’s okay…” he began.
“We need to have a plan in place before haring off half-cocked.” Coulson stepped up behind Clint, put a hand on his shoulder. “Perhaps I can sit here?”
Steve dropped his head into his hands. “There is nothing that I can find. The only thing I haven’t tried is asking Atlantis for help.”
“Do you think Tony's okay?”
short one today I think but at least it's something.
“He’s been through a lot,” Rhodey admitted. “He has such high standards for himself and expects so little from everyone else.”
“You’re in stellar company,” Bruce said. Loki gave him a little wave and a wink. Steve couldn’t understand why Thor continued to protect him.
“Strange.” Tony nodded at him, lip curling. “I’m afraid I can’t say the same.”
“Thank you, Tyra Banks,” Tony bit back. “Shut up and drive.” He closed his eyes as he leaned back against the soft leather.
He shook his head. He couldn’t let that thinking take over again. That’s where he’d messed up the first time around. But it was harder to remember the future. He reminded himself of the hot rush of Steve’s blood over his hands and focused on Bruce’s distraught expression.
“Get medical personnel there stat,” he snapped. “And where is the goddamn shield?”
Steve wobbled to his feet, intent on inspecting the rest of the troops. Bruce stood next to him, one hand holding Steve steady.
knew.
Steve flopped onto the floor with a groan. “Why me?” he asked the Universe at large. “Didn’t I do enough good in my first life?”
Thor shook his head. “Jane cannot stay away indefinitely. We will return before you have even missed us.” He paused. “That, however, is unlikely.”
“Remember what I told you, Tony Stark.” Wanda turned to leave. “Vision believes you to be worthy. You are his creator, his first memory. He knows you better than anyone else.”
Clint pulled away from Tony, struggling to keep his breathing even. He swiped at his face, brushing away the tears. “Couldn’t do anything,” he said, his voice raw. “Nobody could.”
Tony was thoroughly confused. “Wait. So the immortal space-dude is just going to give it to us?” He could see his adventure in space flying out of the window.
Bucky's eyes were wet when he looked at Steve. “Could
“Catch up with your fellow scientists,” Steve said as he punched the elevator button.
“No,” she held up a hand. “I made my choices.” Her mouth twisted. “I live with the consequences. And so should you.”
look behind him to see whatever had grabbed onto him. He had enough nightmares already, thank you very much.
Tony narrated as the ushers made sure each delegate got a copy in their own language. “The files you’re being given are basically the CliffsNotes of the entire situation. Ross planned on using the blood of Wanda Maximoff and Scott Lang as some sort of conductor of the Super Soldier Serum. Now, I’m not sure how it was going to work, but that guy is on a special level of crazy that I can’t even hope to achieve.”
“Freaky object,” Tony explained with a wave of his hand, eyes still on his phone. “No touchy.”
“It shows up as slightly toxic but it doesn’t account for the reaction that Tony is having,” Bruce said with a frown.
“What? No!” Steve glared at him.
“Oh my god.” Tony felt stripped and frozen. He lifted a hand to the scars left behind from the arc reactor. “Oh my god.”
would fuck things up if I stayed on that path.”
“This is getting us nowhere,” Steve said, banging a hand on the table. “We have a legitimate threat from someone we have no control over. Can you all please fucking focus?” He ended on a shout.
“Babe, we both know that's a lie.” Bucky looked way too cocky.
He walked over to her. “He’s home, Laura. In the end, for you and your family, that’s all that matters.” He cupped her cheeks in his hands. “I’m not saying don’t give him hell, but don’t push him away.”
~o0o~
got why he pissed the hell out of Tony.
“You sure you want to do this, man?” Rhodey waved a hand in the air. “This place has been your sanctuary since all that shit went down.”
Steve shrugged and shook his head, keeping his eyes on the Asgardians. “Can we trust him, Wanda?” he asked without looking at her.
gave it to you last Christmas.” Pepper propped her fists on her hips. “Nice, Stark.”
Tony’s mouth tilted up in a small grin. “You forgot to mention ruggedly handsome,” he reminded her.
Probably Steve with his sad Captain face and his disappointed eyes, Tony thought spitefully. “No. One.”
have a heart,” he said as he held the most precious object in the universe in his arms.
“Indeed.”
And it was on.
“I know Barnes isn’t responsible for the things he did as the Winter Sol…” Tony began with hot anger in his voice.
“What?” Tony struggled to sit up. Steve helped him, Bucky offering his arm on the other side. “I…” He was pale with the sheen of perspiration a thin coat on his face.
“Well,” Tony knew that his Bucky trump card would totally do the trick, but he decided to try other options first. He turned back around and thankfully Bruce had shielded his junk with some foliage. “Nat is pining.” Like using his super-scary, deadly assassin best girl (after Pepper) as a legitimate lure was ever going to be a smart option.
“Stop trying to sound more important than you are,” Tony snapped. “Just think of me as your resident psychic. I know every move you’re going to make before you make it. So, make things easier on everyone and especially on yourself, just do as I ask and everything will be fine.” Suddenly Tony was exhausted.
Tony sputtered a laugh. Steve’s humor always startled him. “Why do I like you again?” he asked.
“Is it hurting him?” Steve hated to think of Bucky in pain. Especially pain that was caused by something those bastards at Hydra had done to him.
Barnes leaned against the doorway. “Do you know why they call me Bucky?” he asked. All three children solemnly shook their heads. “My full name is James Buchanan Barnes,” he said. “Captain America was my best friend when I was a kid about your age. He hated my name, said it made me sound like a fancy man.”
“Adam?” Tony asked, remembering Sam and Dean’s mention of their brother.
“Talk, Barnes,” Steve ordered. His mouth curved in a small smile as he noticed Tony’s sudden lack of focus. Fucker.
crowded for Tony’s comfort and he needed to get out of here before the inevitable panic attack set in.
“The Collector is able to see the future,” Loki explained with a tight grimace. “In short bursts.”
Pepper handed him a mug of coffee before he said a word and kissed him. “Morning, hon, you were sleeping like the dead, so I left you to it.”
Steve glared at him. “You drive me fucking crazy!”
blamed you, Buck. If I did, I’d have left you to freeze to death in that god-forsaken jail in Siberia.”
“Not even if you ask nicely,” Strange told him. He didn’t even try to be snarky, Tony noted.
“Um,” Tony said. He blinked. “Who are you?”
Tony nodded. “Okay then, so long, Doc. You know where to find me whenever you’re ready.” He let the faceplate slide over his face. “Actually, I’m not in New York anymore. You’re welcome at my place in Malibu, though.” He took a step back.
place.
“Okay boys, you can open your eyes,” he told Steve and Bucky, keeping his voice low for some as yet unnamed reason. It seemed like the thing to do in a place like this.
Peggy whispered to him in sighs. He touched the chair and it lit up. He stared down at Matilda. “Any thoughts?”
“Did you tell him that we’re dealing with bigger shit?” Sam asked.
Bucky stood behind Steve, frowning down at him. “You don’t look so great, douchebag.”
“Love you,” Steve whispered back into his skin.
“Agreed,” Tony said. “Which leaves us with the pain in the ass Doctor and the Time Stone.”
“If Tony wanted you dead, you’d be dead.” Natasha’s flat declaration had Bucky stare at her.
Steve’s mouth twisting told Tony that the rewording had not escaped him.
There was a mild struggle, but Tony was almost as limp as spaghetti. It wasn’t exactly equal. “I want my cat,” he pouted.
“Who is helping defend the earth from its enemies,” Coulson reminded him.
“What stopped you?” Clint didn’t sound judgmental anymore. He just sounded curious. He sat in the operator’s chair next to the workbench.
Tony grinned. “Is it a crazy one that might get everyone killed?” He was always hopeful.
Natasha's gaze swung to Bruce. “How's it going?” Her voice was deceptively mild.
“After I kill
“I’ll go and check up on his activities,” Vision offered.
Natasha touched Steve’s shoulder as she came in. He nodded to her and Clint. Tony made grabby hands at her, demanding equal attention. She gave him a brief stroke of a gentle hand and then a light smack across the back of his head. They were getting better at this, Steve thought. Sam shook Steve’s hand and Bucky just leaned back against the lab’s glass door, watching them all.
Thunder and lightning shook the mansion and Steve gaped at Tony. “Are you telling me…?”
“What?” Bucky leaned over him. “What are you talking about?” His eyes flashed dangerously.
“F.R.I.D.A.Y. please make a note to remind me to remember to call Vision.” The earpiece still kept him in close contact with his AI and his suit.
“I can do that,” Steve said, crawling up so that he was poised above Tony. “Will you let me?”
He quickly let her go. “Sorry, Tasha, I didn’t mean to take liberties.”
Tony felt a pang. “I’m sorry that I just checked out for some time there.” He looked around the room. They were all paying attention to him now. “I’m a selfish man.”
Coulson took it with a surprised thank you. “We’ll be working with them too,” he said. “This is bigger than us. Bigger than any one team.”
“I appreciate the sentiment,” Tony said with a wry smile, “But we know that you will put others before your own desires.”
Bucky shrugged. “Honestly? I have no fucking idea,” he confessed. “I just know that he let me stay here, no questions asked.” Then he laughed. “Well, it
Bruce shook his head again. “And most of the time we’re a complete disaster.”
“Because I love you.” Bucky didn’t lift his gaze. “I remembered them and I don’t believe in keeping secrets, especially ones that have the potential of coming out.”
“I’m not going anywhere.” Steve walked to the nearest door. “I’m going to do whatever I have to do to make Tony my friend again.” He pushed it open and felt a sigh escape him. He’d never been here, but at that moment, he felt like he’d come home.
He wondered if eleven am was too early to start drinking. It was five pm
“Except I could never believe it, never accept it.” Clint wiped a hand across his face. “Jeez, that poor guy.”
