He was Captain America, and Captain America didn't run away from bullies. No matter how big and powerful they happened to be.
"Honey, you did it!" Tony let out a gasp, still trying to decipher the readings in front of him. "I'm looking at all the numbers now, and… oh gods, Steve, just get your ass back here, yeah? I really need to kiss you!"
And ever since then, Tony had been far too wary of trusting any potential romantic partners.  Especially since it wasn’t only his own heart on the line anymore, but Peter’s as well.
"Ah huh. And how 'bout the coalescing problem we were having?" he asked as he set down his cup, giving DUM-E's arm a quick pat. Out of all of the issues Tony had had with the suit design, programming the nanites to form the correct weapon on command had been the most difficult to figure out, requiring literally hundreds of hours of coding and testing, and a lot of very loud cursing.
"Okay, so I'll just go and sit with him for awhile then," said Uncle Bucky. "See if I can distract him."
Placing his misshapen polar bear carefully on his pillow, Peter hefted himself off the bed and headed back out to the living room to find Uncle Bucky waiting patiently, the chessboard set up on the coffee table and two bottles of Dr Pepper sitting beside it.
It was a beautiful autumn day as Steve pulled his pickup truck out of the Tower garage and onto the street, with the cool, crisp air and the brightly shining sun. Peter kept up a running commentary the whole way there, telling Steve and Tony all about the newfangled thing he and his friend Ned were building in Robotics Lab while Tony offered up a few suggestions. Steve loved listening to his two boys discuss their projects. Even though he didn't understand what they were saying half the time, just the mere fact that they were talking about it in the first place gave Steve hope that they could all have some semblance of normality in their otherwise mad lives.
"Oh, just shut the hell up, Drax, okay?" yelled Quill. "You can't just erase people from existence! That stuff only happens in
Tony thought, frowning as he glanced back up at the wormhole. While the flow of Chitauri had slowed down a bit, they were still steadily coming, and would likely continue until their supply was exhausted—not likely—or until Thanos decided to try something else.
Dad was the one who had the messed-up history with Peter’s mother, not Peter.  And Dad was the one who kept clinging so tightly to Stark Industries, when Peter really could’ve cared less about it.  He had watched his father kowtow to Obie’s stupid demands on his time and his intellect for his entire life, and he was
Peter wrapped his arms around Papa's waist, closing his eyes as he breathed in. Peter had adored hugs ever since he was old enough to know what they were, and one of the things that he'd hated the most about all the weeks he'd spent in the hospital was missing out on so many of Dad's—and later, Papa's—hugs.
Peter sniffed, rubbing his nose against Dad's chest. "Me too," he said. "And I wanna get home too. But we're not gonna get anywhere if we just keep yelling back and forth."
"Okay, okay, I'm sorry I brought it up!" Steve backed away from the mirror, tilting his head as he eyed himself up and down. "I guess I'm ready."
"I'm not planning on wearing much once we get back, honey," Tony whispered. Then he pressed a kiss to the underside of Steve's jaw, smirking when Steve's knees nearly buckled.
"—then again, it's you, and you never flirt," Bucky said, as if he hadn't even heard Steve. "And boy could I tell, 'cause
was the difference between he and Papa and every other enhanced person on their team. Aside from Uncle Thor, Peter was the only enhanced person that he knew of who hadn't received his powers as an adult, after the fact. And while Uncle Thor was a literal god—and likely not even HYDRA seemed to be up for targeting actual gods, especially if doing so would very likely piss off Uncle Thor's father and bring down the entire wrath of Asgard upon them—Peter could see how having soldiers who were genetically enhanced from birth, mutants, as it were, would be preferable to those they would have to artificially create.
Tony yelled, or rather hissed since he couldn't yell. He cupped Steve's cheek in one hand, turning him so he could see his tortured blue eyes. This one was going to haunt Steve for a long, long time, Tony could
"What Scott told us is that two already pretty fucked-up guys got even more fucked-up," Tony stated. "But… I do get what you're saying. Based on the trips we've already taken, I'm pretty sure we'll be able to nail down the exact spot in the next few or so."
"Yes," whispered Steve. "Dr Cho said that because of his concussion, it'll probably be at least a few days before he wakes up."
He was cut off by Sam's hand on his elbow, gently but firmly guiding him to sit down. "Sorry, Steve, but I'm not gonna buy that one tonight," he said, shaking his head. His eyes flicked over to Tony, who gave a brief nod and left the room. Sam watched him go, then leaned back against the couch, crossing his legs. "Now, you look like you've had a bit of a rough night, so why don't we just get started, okay?"
"But, nothing," Tony said. He was rapidly approaching the end of his patience with the whole thing. "And secondly, we're also gonna hold on to the particles."
"Fuck, baby, you're so good," Tony rasped as Steve's thrusts slowly gained speed. "So good. You're too good to me."
The fact that Peter didn't even attempt to argue only proved how tired he was, and once Tony and Steve managed to cajole him through getting into his pyjamas and brushing his teeth, they tucked him into his bed, taking turns kissing him goodnight.
"Tony," he murmured, tipping his head back against the seat as a wave of dizziness washed over him. The adrenaline rush that he'd had directly following the accident was now in a massive nosedive, and the fact that he still couldn't see correctly wasn't helping. "Tony, I don't—I don't want Peter to see me like this. I'm—I don't—"
"Oh, Christ," Tony moaned as Steve hit a particularly sensitive spot on the back of his head. He shivered as a cold sweat broke out across his body, winding his arms around Steve as tightly as he possibly could. "Steve, where's—is he—are you
But, while Brock had a sort of dangerous, closed-off air about him, which is honestly one of the things that attracted Steve to him in the first place, Steve sensed nothing of that sort from Tony.  He was… softer.  More open.
"Oh, yeah," Peter mumbled, his cheeks flushing hot. "I get—I get 'em from my dad. Takes pretty fast reflexes to pilot his Iron Man suits, so…"
"Yeah, that's right," said Bruce. "The final name was William Baker, but unfortunately we either haven't come across the correct files on him yet or there's nothing else in here about him, 'cause we haven't been able to find anything else."
"Hey," Tony said quietly, and a lump rose in Steve's throat at his guarded tone. He supposed it couldn't have been easy for him to call Sam like he did, knowing that it would only make Steve upset.
"You broke the bloody ship?" added Clint, for some reason in a very strange English accent. A stunned silence fell across the table as every head slowly turned to look at him. "Oh, come on, haven't any of you ever seen Galaxy Quest? It's a classic!"
"I think it's a great idea," Tony said, giving Steve a playful glare. "Otherwise you'll have to court-martial that stomach of yours for insubordination, and I am certain that's a hassle you don't need."
"I'll offer to meet her there the first time," said Steve. "And if Howard gives us any trouble, well… I'll have my uniform on, so he probably won't. All right?"
It had only been a few weeks that he'd even been able to recall those memories, the coma he had been in for months following the Miami battle having repressed them so deeply that it'd taken until now for them to reemerge.
He paused once he was outside Tony's door, breathing in deeply through his nose a few times just like he had the night before when he'd asked Tony for the date. It was embarrassing how long he had stood out there trying to work up the courage to actually knock on the door.
“I’m pretty sure that’s what we’ve been doing for the last eighteen or so years,” Tony answered.  “Or haven’t you noticed?”
“On what?” Steve exclaims.  “What could you possibly have to work on down here that's more important than getting some sleep?”
"Yeah, but…" Steve tore off part of the sandwich as he let out a heavy sigh. It seemed like such a stupid thing to hide, now that he thought about it. It's not like Bucky didn't already know that Steve had a sentimental side.
"'Cause he's an asshole, honey," Tony said plainly. "Just like Howard was an asshole. And they didn't like each other because they were both the same kind of asshole."
"I feel—I feel… good. Like I can actually breathe for once," he finally said. Then he frowned, glancing down at his chest. "What happened? Did I have my surgery?"
"Yeah, yeah, copy that," said Sam. "Just don't forget that our army isn't endless, unlike the enemy's. I'd definitely take a few more of that giant dude though. Where the hell'd he come from?"
As much as Steve wished that Thor's dramatic entrance would have marked the end of the battle, it was not to be. The war dogs just kept coming, backed by the two huge aliens who were now marching among them, the male alien's hammer flying every which direction as Steve swung and punched and batted and leaped and twisted and ducked until he was certain that his body was simply going to come unglued.
Tony was in his lab, working on whatever he was working on to make sure nothing like what had happened at the lake ever happened again. He and Peter had been spending most of their time in there ever since Peter's hands had healed, and Steve had just been trying to remain supportive while staying out of their way. He knew better than to protest too much when Tony got into one of his manic building modes.
Steve's heart gave a painful lurch at Scott's near slip of the tongue. As heavily as Steve and Tony had always guarded Peter's privacy, Tony had told Steve way back in the beginning that their son's genius intellect wasn't much of a secret, and even less so amongst the Stark Industries employees.
"You do? Wait, she what?" exclaimed Tony, shooting Steve a questioning glance, one that he answered with a shrug. "How in the—?"
he still hadn’t quite grown used to those million-watt, dimple-inducing smiles being directed at him.
Yanking hard on the stick, Steve steered his aircraft up towards the sky, manoeuvring it safely around the oncoming missile. A second later he heard it explode, the ear-spitting
"Yeah, a bit," Peter said with a wink. He had actually grown a lot since that first chess game they had played in the base hospital in Afghanistan where he and Dad were recovering, but aside from the cast on his foot and the ring on his finger, Papa hadn't hardly changed at all.
"Which I won't ever do," Peter said quickly. It'd been ridiculous how many times he'd had to promise his dads that he would be careful driving with Gwen. "Well, at least not too obnoxiously."
"Okay, so?" he said once they were seated, pushing another sandwich and a second bottle of superwater towards Steve. "Shoot."
With a final kiss to Tony's forehead, Steve stepped into the hallway just in time to hear a sharp cracking noise followed by a startled, "Whoops!" that sounded all too familiar. Fighting the urge to chuckle, Steve was not surprised when he stepped into the kitchen to find Peter cleaning raw egg from the vent over the stove.
"I don't think that'll be necessary, Mr Lang," said Steve. "But we will be asking some things of you before we allow you to leave."
His entire life had just been broken apart into a million shattered pieces, and it was all his fault.
"It's okay, babe, that's supposed to happen," he said, trying to sound more reassuring than he felt. "The interface feels kinda weird at first if you're not used to it."
“I just got one more thing,” he said as he puffed out an entire lungful of thick, stinky smoke.  “That military ball at the end of June.”
"Yes, Dad, I'm not an idiot," muttered Peter. "I know my clearance level isn't as high as yours and Papa's."
"Still? Isn't it already twice as long as it needs to be?" Uncle Bucky asked. "What more're you adding?"
"Soon, buddy," Dad said quickly. "There's a ton of data here that we're transferring over to the Tower and it's been pretty slow-going, but as soon as JARVIS is done then we'll be heading right home."
And then Raxton had disintegrated, just like the guy had at the lake, which meant there was now only one more name from the list that was still unaccounted for.
Sometime later, once he'd regained some feeling in his limbs, Steve brushed the sweat-dampened hair from Tony's forehead and planted a kiss there, sighing in his semi-contentment.
"Gods, Steve, it's not that big of a deal," he said once Steve could breathe again. "Don't need to be such a drama queen about it."
"Or more than one," Tony added. "As long as they have the materials, they could build as many as they wanted."
They would just have to trust him, trust that they had equipped and trained their son as best as they possibly could, and allow him to fight.
He couldn't allow himself to wallow in his own uncertainty, though. Not when there was so much work to be done, and so many other grieving people to attend to.
"Not to worry, Captain," said Doctor List as he withdrew the syringe, now filled with Steve's blood. "Your son will be treated very well."
And Steve knew Clint was right, that if anyone would know about navigating unpleasant modern political waters, it was Natasha.
"Well, if it's that bad, I'm surprised that you don't wear one of those medical alert bracelets or something," said Gwen. "'Cause you really should, you never know when you might get exposed, and… I gotta say, I've never seen anyone else's face lose all of its colour that fast."
and he slid to the fire-covered floor, going completely limp. Peter just knew that Gwen had sent her father in there to look for him thinking he'd been trapped by debris or something, and there was no way Peter was going to let him be further injured because of him.
"The penthouse is clear of all known designs of listening devices, sir," said JARVIS a few seconds later.
“Set eight out of fifteen,” Peter read from the golden sticker embossed on the back of the box, fighting against the strong urge to squeal in excitement.
And it wasn't like Peter didn't have time to talk with him. Aside from working on the project, drawing pictures, and taking the occasional nap, Peter's daily schedule was pretty open. He just would've far preferred having his own father there.
It was horrible, is what it was. And also something that the Air Corps flat-out denounced, clinging to the notion that it was clearly impossible to feel anything in a non-existent limb. Peter had heard Uncle Sam on the phone just the other day, begging the physical therapist that he'd hired to help Uncle Bucky to come up with something, anything to help him with the pain that he felt every single night, as soon as the lights went out.
He was cut off as Steve added a third finger, his hands clutching the sheets in a white-knuckled grip. "Baby,
"No, Dad, it wasn't a nightmare, 'cause I wasn't asleep," insisted Peter. "I was—I was—" He lifted his head, his brown eyes red and swollen and his round cheeks lined with tear tracks. "I've—I've gotta tell you something, and I don't think you're gonna like it."
"Programmed?" asked Natasha. "Steve, maybe he means like the Winter Soldier? This might've been a mission for him."
And, if that was indeed the case, then the time had come for him to finish the mission. Because of the vote, Steve now had a list of every single senator who had supported the registration act, which meant that he could determine exactly who in the government was out to get them, and work on figuring out why.
Pride instantly welled up inside Peter, and he had to fight an almost overwhelming urge to jump for joy at finally achieving the goal he had yearned for for so long. Instead, he bit the inside of his cheek and simply nodded, straightening his shoulders as Dad walked away.
"All right, go on and take your lovers' quarrel somewhere else, yeah?" Tony cut in. "You're starting to hurt my ears."
wanted was to fly back to their spring break villa in Italy and bury his head in the sand, but since that didn't seem to be an option at the moment, he thought he probably should tell Gwen what he'd found.
"Well… yeah!" Phillips retorted. "How else do you think the enemy could keep up with us? We've always had the better tech, which also means we've always had the better people designing that tech—"
They found everyone gathered in Dad's lab when they got back to the Tower, with Thor sitting on one end of the couch surrounded by peanut butter sandwiches and lemonade and Dad in the centre surrounded by blue holographic eyeballs. Uncle Thor looked up as Peter entered, nearly knocking his tray of food to the floor in his hurry to get to his feet.
"Oh. Yeah, that makes sense," said Ned. "I tell you though, my mom is still really upset about what happened up there. She keeps telling my dad that we need to buy this goofy thingy that she saw on the shopping channel so we can protect our house in case there's another attack."
"If you'd've let me finish, Peter, I could've told you," Steve said. He reached into the inside pocket of his jacket, pulling out a folded set of papers. "Bucky and Sam just got back from that new ski resort out in the mountains that's been on the news lately, so—"
At least Uncle Thor hadn't been with them. The one time Peter and Papa had tried to take him to the grocery store on a Saturday had almost caused a riot in the meat department, so ever since then Uncle Thor had relied mainly on delivery for his food supply, with the occasional dinner or three with them in the penthouse.
"Oh, great. 'Cause that won't make him any less insufferable," grumbled Peter. While he had no doubt that Dad would get him his own car once he turned sixteen next year, Flash never seemed to waste an opportunity to remind Peter that he was both bigger than him and an entire year older.
"What we've got to do right now is go and talk to Thor, Tony," Steve said. "Natasha said it's urgent."
This time Steve couldn't quite catch his eyebrows before they slanted together. "Uh, no, sir. None that I've noticed."
"What the hell?" he gasped, his heart thudding madly as he glanced around the room, attempting to search for the offensive item so he could pitch it against the wall or something. A second later Steve raised his arm from where it was draped across Tony's waist and proceeded to whack the alarm clock sitting on the bedside table with such accurate precision that Tony's jaw dropped open.
And it hadn't even been the way Obie said it, like he was spitting out the words.  It had been the pure, utter contempt in his eyes as he’d proceeded to give Tony a tongue-lashing worthy of Gunnery Sergeant Hartman in
Well, Steve supposed it was about the same as asking his Howling Commandos to risk their lives to liberate yet another tiny Austrian village from the clutches of HYDRA.
Suddenly the entire screen went blank, returning about three seconds later back at the same place where Peter had started. Peter bit down hard on his lip as he tapped in various commands, checking on both his father's and grandfather's passwords, and finding nothing.
“No,” Steve whispers as he rips his cap and goggles from his head, tossing them onto the deck.  He sucks in another deep breath, begging the universe for just one more chance as he turns to look at the times again.
"Over two and a half," Bucky answered, smiling widely. He leaned closer, lowering his voice. "Can you keep a secret?"
“Argh!”  Peter dropped his head, burying his face into his squashy comforter so he could let out the scream he’d been holding back.  “Okay, okay, so… if you're saying that we can’t tie Obie to these bullets that way, then…”  He trailed off as his fingers began flying over the keyboard.
"Ahh… nevermind." Tony let out a grin as a thought suddenly occurred to him. "Hey, Thor, remember the last time we fought these assholes? The whole, 'doth mother know you weareth her drapes' dance we did in the forest?"
"As long as it's okay with Uncle Bucky, Peter," Papa said sternly. "I don't know, he and Uncle Sam may already have plans for that day."
"Pete? Buddy, it's Dad. Wake up for me, okay?" Tony choked out as he pressed the back of his hand to Peter's forehead, which felt as cold as an iceberg.
"You don't have to explain yourself to me, Captain," interrupted Stacy. "While I'm not a superhero, I do at least understand the pressures that come with having a dangerous occupation. I just felt that you both would appreciate some candour in this matter."
"Hey, babe," Tony said as Steve stepped inside his office, the cramped, stuffy room reminding him a lot of the cockpit of the first aircraft that he flew after joining the Air Corps, one that had not been designed by Tony.
It was like experiencing the bombing of London every ninety seconds. Too much for Steve to take in, especially in his constant state of uncertainty.
“Yeah, well, welcome to Sokovia,” Tony says, somewhat warily.  “The icebox that nobody likes but everybody wants.”
Steve breathed in a deep breath, letting it out slowly as he nodded. "Yeah. And thank you, Sam. I'm sorry that I—"
Steve would whisper into his ear, his right arm tucked snugly around Tony's waist and his left hand holding Tony's against his chest. "
"Yes, I'm pretty sure we know, Mr Lang," Steve said, somehow still managing to keep a straight face. "Seeing as we are the Avengers."
Wouldn't they be able to scrub the ashes clean from Tony's hands, and somehow knit them back together into his beloved boy?
"Copy that, hon." Toggling the final switch into place, Tony shot Steve one of his signature smirks. "Going quantum in three… two… one…"
As Peter watched them go, he couldn't help but smile at how Steve's hand was resting comfortably on the small of Dad's back, as if he couldn't handle being near him without touching him in some way.
Helen sucked in a deep breath. "Well, his foot will require surgery. The metatarsals have been broken and rehealed so many times that they are now grossly out of alignment, rendering the foot pretty much useless. I've telephoned the top orthopaedic surgeon in New York, and he's already on his way here. We'll begin the surgery as soon as he arrives."
"Thank you, sweetheart," Steve murmured as he lifted his head, pressing a soft kiss to Tony's lips. "That was… unbelievable!"
Tony chuckled. "Well, I guess it's a good thing I didn't have any other plans in the morning." It wasn't actually the truth. He'd been planning on working on the new nanotech suit he'd been building ever since their return to the Tower at the end of August, but he supposed that could wait long enough for him and Bruce to have a good look-see at whatever data Fury's scientists happened to have.
Sam had also warned all three of them that Steve’s recovery was not going to follow a linear line.  That there would be setbacks, and that it would be especially important to not throw in the towel when those occurred.  Sam had spent almost an entire afternoon explaining that processing the kind of trauma that Steve had experienced didn't just mean “talking about the traumatic shit”, but that it also meant giving himself grace to make mistakes and time to rest, just like one might take a rest day after several days in a row of hard exercise.
Pepper shook her head, giving him a brief smile. "I think I'm still just a bit upset about the performance reviews, and I don't want to bias you until after you've read the proposal. When should I send it over?"
“Whoa!” Peter exclaimed as Steve moved one of his bishops in front of his queen.  “Steve, that’s an awesome move!  You’ve got me in check!”
"Oh Christ, Barton, you're just unbelievable," grumbled Tony as Clint stepped inside the bathroom, followed by Bucky and Sam. "Did you guys manage to find anything?"
, but that last file had thrown him for such a loop that he felt just as pathetic and small as he sounded. It had just been he and Dad for so long before Papa suddenly showed up in the middle of that Afghanistan desert, but Peter loved him now as though he had been there for his entire life, and the thought of never seeing him again was just too much to even contemplate.
Steve huffed, biting back his sharp retort just before it could leave his lips. It wasn't helping that up until about a week ago he had thought the very same thing, and the shame of it was almost overwhelming.
Tony's heart gave a flutter, and he cleared his throat as he twisted the cap off a bottle of superwater and handed it to Steve.
"Of course, sir. Estimated time for render and construction for three devices and particle sets is eight hours."
The fact that Peter was unconscious, sedated, and chemically paralysed so as not to fight against the ventilator as it breathed for him was only a very small consolation.
"Uhh," Tony stammered, unable to tear his eyes away from Steve's. Was there anything that he didn't think of?
Because as much as Phillips likes to tell Steve that this is just another race at just another meet, deep down Steve knows that it’s not.
“I do understand your frustration, Master Peter,” said JARVIS.  “However, I do not believe that would be enough to uphold in a court of law.”
Tony breathed in, squeezing his eyes closed as he burrowed his nose into Steve's neck. The man even still smelled incredible—musky and masculine with a faint hint of what Tony identified as vanilla, a scent he'd always loved—which was more than he could probably say for himself. Especially given all of their activities over the course of the night.
Steve breathed out a huge sigh of relief.  “Well, I guess you can never be sure,” he said as he carefully slid the ring onto Tony’s left ring finger.  As soon as it was in place, Tony lifted his hand, showing it to Peter.
"I think he'd love it," Tony murmured, his throat thick with suppressed emotion. Italy was where they had spent the first half of their honeymoon, and also the place where they had both managed to overcome their fear of the water, and Tony had no doubt that Steve was hoping for the same thing to happen again if they returned. "But are you sure that you're gonna be up for it? I mean, that villa we stayed in is right on the Mediterranean, honey, and—"
I can’t wait to see what you guys think!  Please don’t forget to hit the kudos button and leave me a comment! 💗
It was still a bit unnerving just how quickly Steve was able to break down the iron walls Tony had spent years expertly building around his heart, beam by beam.  Their first encounter on the streets of Germany had been awkward as hell, not at all helped by the suit Steve was wearing, Coulson’s wet-dream version of Captain America’s old comic-book uniform.  Once he’d blasted Loki down, it had taken more of Tony’s strength than he’d cared to admit first to not laugh right in Steve’s face, and then later to keep his eyes from popping out once Steve finally removed the ridiculous-looking cowl from his head and Tony finally got his first good, long look at the living legend himself.
"So they're the same dreams that you started having after the battle with Loki?" asked Steve. "About the space army?"
"That's 'cause we know that we've always got each other's back, Pete," answered Tony. "And so far these guys seem like they're just a bunch of live wires waiting to spark, so…" He huffed out a sharp breath. "But, yeah, I guess they're who we're stuck with for the time being."
"Nice job, Captain Rogers," Tony said a few seconds later. "You have successfully found your re-entry window."
It takes a second or three, but finally Tony rolls his eyes, the exact reaction that Steve was hoping for.
“I’m saying you're beautiful, Tony,” Steve says again.  He pushes himself up to a sitting position, reaching for Tony’s hand.  “I’m saying that you’re wonderful, and brilliant, and unbelievably handsome, and… I—I’m in love with you.”
of the colonel's neck breaking was almost enough to turn Tony's stomach, and he watched in half-horror, half-relief as Winter Soldier released his grip and stepped back, watching as the man who had tortured him and kept him prisoner crumpled into a heap onto the cold, grey floor.
"Yes, yes, Captain. I do apologise," said Thor. "Now then. Prior to the creation of this universe, there existed six singularities. After the universe exploded into existence, the remnants of these six systems were forged into concentrated ingots—er, gems, as you would call them. The six infinity stones. Now, these stones are powerful, as you can imagine, and therefore can only be manipulated by beings of extraordinary strength. You may recall that I personally played witness to the immense power of one of these stones when the Dark Elves attempted to use the convergence of the nine realms to unleash the Aether, otherwise known as the Reality Stone. This Aether was not only used to lay waste to the area of your planet that you call Greenwich, but it also caused my… companion at the time, Jane, to fall seriously ill."
The nurse let out a sigh as she glanced down at his tiny son, not even the length of Tony's forearm. "
As soon as everyone had filtered out of the room, Steve took Tony's hand, placing it in the crook of his elbow as they stepped over to Peter's bed. He had been trying to prepare himself for what Peter might look like ever since Colonel Phillips had told them what had happened, but as soon as he was truly able to lay eyes on him, all of Steve's mental preparation flew right out the window.
“Pete!”  Tony squeezed his eyes closed, sucking in a deep breath.  The image of Steve’s six-foot-plus, two-hundred-pound self launching at his son and tackling him to the floor was still a bit too fresh in his mind for him to want to be having this conversation, but he knew from experience that Peter wouldn’t just let it go either.  Not without an explanation that he deemed reasonable.
“Oh yeah?  Who says I’m not?” demanded Tony.  “If you don't think that Pete’s just as worried about Steve as I am, then you don't know him at all!  And you're forgetting that I’ve already done the whole suicide mission thing more than once, so this’ll be just like another day at the office!”
"I know you do," Steve murmured. "But sometimes I just really wish that you didn't, 'cause this… this—"
"No," Tony blurted out, just now realising how wrong it all was. He shouldn't be here. Not without Peter.
"Wait!" Mantis said, her already freakishly-large eyes widening as she looked down at her arm. "Something—something's happening!"
Pushing the throttle forward, Steve braced himself as his X-302 shot up to speed, its balance slightly off due to the weight of the satellites mounted under its wings. About three seconds later he lifted off from the ground, his landing gear barely locking into place before all hell suddenly broke loose.
Peter gulped as he nodded. It had been Papa's choice to wait, telling Dad and Peter that he trusted them implicitly and didn't need to know all the specifics of the Phoenix mission if telling him could potentially get Dad into trouble. But now… with the possibility of there being a severe security breach in one of the upper levels of the Langaran government, Peter didn't think they could wait any longer. If Papa was going to risk his life on what amounted to a treasonous mission, he deserved to know exactly what he was going to be doing.
"You got it," Peter said as he squeezed her hand. He didn't dare try to kiss her in front of her father. "I'll call you, okay?"
Fury’s jaw twitched, his eye narrowing dangerously.  “Since I trust this agent with my life, I’m going to pretend I didn't hear that.”  He let out a heavy sigh.  “But we also now have every reason to believe that the entire area’s been taken over by HYDRA.”
"Mmm," he moaned as Tony pressed his ass up against him again, his full lips curling into a rather smug smirk even as his eyes stayed closed. Steve tilted his head, his lips brushing across the shell of Tony's ear as he whispered, "And you call me a tease?"
"All right," Steve said after a short pause. "But I'd like the first few trips to be quick ones. Just long enough to test out the devices."
"Oh, yeah," Bucky said with a short laugh. "Dumb question." He cleared his throat, leaning even closer. "I've—um… I've been doing some ring shopping lately. Our anniversary is coming up in about four months, and I thought… if he's been able to put up with me this long, then, you know… maybe he'd be willing to put up with me forever."
With a heavy sigh, Tony carefully turned a page of one of the notebooks, rereading the section he'd been studying and comparing it with one of the files that Peter had decoded. Peter had mentioned a semi-enhanced person who he believed could run at almost supersonic speeds, and while the file he'd decoded didn't mention that skill specifically, it did make sense given what had happened up at the Compound.
No wonder Bucky was nervous about proposing to Sam. Piloting an experimental aircraft was nothing compared to trying to ask someone you liked out.
With a downright evil grin, Steve leaned over, his lips brushing the shell of Tony's ear as he whispered, "Just a temporary stop though, right, sweetheart?"
Peter jumped as his image counterpart let out another brief scream, his breaths coming in stuttered gasps as he stared up at Stane.
He gasped as Uncle Bucky's fingers curled around his shoulder, giving it a gentle squeeze. "Stop it, Peter. Stop it right the hell now, okay?" He sucked in a deep breath, his chin quivering. "Your dad specifically told Colonel Rhodes that he ran every single test he could think of on every single upgrade that you created for JARVIS, and there was not one single error in the whole goddamn thing. So I am telling you that this is absolutely
“I’m only brave because I know you guys love me so much,” Steve said, thick with the tears he was trying to hold back.  “I never could’ve done that without you.”
"Mmm, maybe." Tony let out a positively wanton moan, heat spreading across him like a blanket as Steve's hand slid down his abdomen to his sleep pants, tracing along the rolled waistband.
He refused to finish the thought, choosing instead to thank Mr Stacy for escorting he and Gwen to the school.
He had just turned the page a bit beyond halfway through the book when a particular drawing caught his eye, one of a bird perched on the side of a large nest while three small chicks poked their heads out, eagerly awaiting the fat worm caught in the mother bird's beak. As he studied it Tony's heart began to thud, his belly swooping violently as he realised where he'd seen it before.
"Am," Tony cut in, grinning when Steve gave him a quizzical look. "You were gonna say that you were one of the best pilots around, but in reality there's no comparison. You
If Tony thought that the fully-clothed, almost lumberjack-like Steve Rogers he met earlier that day was so good-looking that he managed to awaken even Tony’s stone-cold heart, then he’s positively
"Yeah? Well, I'm not surprised. You've always been the master chess player." Tony's heart fluttered as Peter barely nodded in reply. He had been getting more and more fatigued even before they had moved him, but it seemed that just in the last few days he'd gotten so much worse. Peter's skin, which had always been cool to the touch, felt downright frigid to Tony now, with his lips a scary, bluish-grey colour. Sarah had increased his oxygen flow the night before and said that he was looking better because of it, but, like everything else, it was still only a temporary fix.
"Absolutely," said Tony. "At most we'll be ten minutes away, and if it helps, I'll even stow one of my suits in the trunk."
As soon as the comm went silent, Tony slumped into his chair, his mind such a swirling mass of conflicting emotions that for a moment he felt paralysed, unable to even move out of fear that something else would happen.
Thankfully, Steve’s saved from having to answer by the announcer.  “In lane five, representing the United States of America, Steve Rogers!”
Steve paused for a moment to glance at Tony, his lower lip trembling at the the look of pure admiration on his face, something that Steve never, ever grew tired of. Tony had told him many times how much he loved his "Captain America pep talks", and Steve was immensely grateful for his support.
"I'll be fine, JARVIS," he muttered as he swung his legs over the side of the bed and grabbed the headboard to get to his feet. He was still shivering, still shaking even harder than he had after he'd been immersed in the ice. "I'm just… gonna take a shower, and then go and check on Peter, and then—"
"Hey," Gwen murmured as they said goodbye to Ned and exited the lunchroom. She elbowed Peter gently on the arm. "Where'd you go?"
"And you know damn well that there's no possible way that I would ever leave you alone," Tony snapped. "If it comes down to it Thor can take Pete, but I'm not leaving you to fend for yourself. That's not what we do."
"Pete, I thought we've already talked about this," he said. "Papa and I said that there'd be no need for you to—"
"No tricks," Dr Strange said, sending Peter's heart to his knees. Through tear-filled eyes, he watched as Dr Strange reached his scarred, shaking right hand up towards the sky, his thumb and forefinger closing around an invisible barrier he'd created around the stone in order to hide it amongst the stars. The stone glowed green as it moved, Strange's eyes flicking towards Dad as he released it.
"Oh," said Steve as he reached for a second banana. Of course Peter would be missing Gwen, and she, him. Even if it technically had only been a few days since they'd last seen each other.
Watched as he audibly pleaded for Peter's numbers to return to normal. Or at least, to be better than they were.
I can’t wait to hear what you think!  Don’t forget to hit the kudos button and leave me a comment!  💖
“No, sir,” said JARVIS.  “There are no records of other agents being briefed on Captain Rogers’ mission.”
Tony thought as he pressed his palm over the nanite container attached to his chest. Steve hadn't been too happy when he saw him wearing it, thinking that it might possibly be viewed as a display of aggression by the Wakandans, but Tony had flat-out told him that that was just too damn bad. There was no way Tony was going to venture out into an unknown country and meet with people he'd never met without having his armour close at hand. Especially since they had Peter with them.
"And I've told you that you can drop the 'Captain', right, kiddo?" said Sam. "Round here I'm just Sam, all right?"
Tony smirked.  That was something that Mr Jarvis used to say to Tony at least once a day, right up until the day he died.
Steve chuckled against Tony's chest. "I could," he said as he ground his hips down, his beautiful face twisting into a look of pure bliss at the delicious friction. Tony's breath caught at the sight of it, of his husband hovering over him, bathed in the afternoon autumn sunlight streaming through their bedroom windows, storing the image away in the deep recesses of his mind so he could pull it out at leisure later on.
“That it might’ve had something to do with his son?  Yeah, I do,” says Natasha.  “Which is kinda interesting, don't you think?”
"Denting your locker door because you're in perfect control of yourself?" Gwen said, raising an eyebrow. She reached a hand up to cup Peter's cheek, turning his face to meet her eyes. "It's just an interview, Peter. For a summer internship that my father might not even allow me to take. Let's not make it anything more than what it is, okay?"
“All right, here’s hoping I understood that little exchange,” Tony said as he pulled out his phone.  “JARVIS?”
"I love you, too," he whispered back, first kissing Tony's forehead, then his nose, and finally his mouth. "Husband."
"I need an emergency medical transport!" Tony barked into the phone before the dispatcher could even finish his greeting. "My son, he's—he's—!"
Tony sniffed as he put down the phone, swiping his fingers across his eyes under his glasses. He knew the X-302 pilots were used to seeing him in various stages of fatigue and general unkemptness, but if what Steve had said was true about his teammates already knowing about the two of them, all any of them would need to do would be to take one look at Steve's face and know that something had happened.
"Hmph," Tony muttered as he wound his arms around Steve's neck. "You know that you are goddamn stubborn, right?"
"It was over three minutes, almost four," Steve choked out, fighting against the tears threatening to spill over as he pulled his jacket back on. "It was maybe fifteen or twenty seconds from when JARVIS alerted us until we were in the air, and we weren't that far away, so—"
Dad shook his head as he chewed his bacon. "No, buddy, not now. I've got JARVIS still working on the tracers, Nat and Clint are busy doing their old-school spy stuff and planning raids with Sam, and Bruce is working on the files, but until we find something of actual use, I can't—I just—I'm just gonna keep digging here for awhile, and then—"
"I think what they're saying is that it might be possible for Tony and Bruce to use the Quantum Realm as a kind of a spyglass," Steve said. "A way to view all of the possible outcomes without actually changing them."
"Yeah, I've noticed," Peter said. "And my dad and I never used to cook before Papa came to live with us. He's the one who taught me how. He told me when he was young his ma had to work all the time, so he ended up doing most of the cooking."
"I'm here, sweetheart!" he forced past his clenched teeth, squeezing Tony's hand as tightly as he dared. "Tony, I'm here!"
Outside, it was beautiful, the perfect day for a nice, leisurely morning ride on the bike. But as the slightly brisk late-April breeze whipped past Steve's face and whistled in his ears as he drove, Steve was once again reminded of the dream that had driven him out of bed, forcing him to have to focus far more closely on his driving than he normally did.
"Hey, you guys," came the shaky voice of Bruce, looking more terrified than Steve had ever seen him. Steve knew that Bruce had spent years on the run in some of the most dangerous places on the planet, so there wasn't much that scared him. And, as far as Steve knew, Hulk wasn't scared of anything.
"And don't you even think about arguing with me, you got that?" Dad snapped before Peter could barely get a word out. "You're already in hot water, don't you go adding more to it!"
"I'm gonna head back too," Peter stated as his mask closed over his face, the white adjustable eyes narrowing into playful slits as he looked over at Pietro. "Hey, Pietro. Wanna race?"
"Yeah, honey, I'm here," Tony whispered, his eyes dragging down the length of Steve's casted arms, resting on stacks of small pillows. His lips twitched as he met Steve's eyes again. "Always the dramatic one, aren't you? If it's not diving out of windows from thirty stories up, it's busting the hell outta your hands."
"Don't worry 'bout anything out here, Cap," Clint said sombrely. "We'll take care of the cleanup. You just…"
"Here we are, young man," Grandma said as she set the fully-loaded breakfast tray down onto the bedside table. She sat down next to him, warming the bell of her stethoscope in her palm. "Let's see what you sound like first, shall we?"
"Yeah, whatever Ned," Peter said, purposefully squaring his shoulders as he took a sip of his milk. He had been sparring with Uncle Thor quite a bit lately, and one of the tips Uncle Thor had shared was to try and keep his shoulders as straight as possible, so as to not put too much strain on his mid-back muscles during hand-to-hand combat.
"Quill, please! Don't!" Peter said, gasping as another ice bolt raced down his spine. He tightened his grip on the gauntlet, trying to ignore his sensations of impending doom as he noticed that the electronic device holding Thanos' right hand was starting to wobble. "Please, you gotta stop!"
"As long as you're able to get some good sleep, okay, little guy?" Steve said. "This has been a pretty busy day."
"Nope," said Uncle Bucky. "Now, since we've used up all of our chess time yapping, I think you should take another nap, yeah? Before Ms Sarah comes in here and yells at me?" He leaned forward, lowering his voice. "When Stevie and I were kids she used to yell at me when she thought I was keeping him awake too much, and I don't need to go through that again."
If Rhodey thought Tony was bad at taking care of himself then Howard was at least a thousand times worse, and with no one else in the house to encourage him to clean up his empty whisky bottles or pick up his dirty clothes, Tony was fearing the worst.
"Oh, I don't think he ever really thought that," Gwen said with a soft laugh. "Not really. I think maybe part of it was he was still pretty new to the precinct back then and still trying to establish his authority. But anyway—"
But unfortunately Dad and Papa didn't see it that way, and Peter just didn't have the heart to disobey them again, as much as he was tempted to sometimes.
"Well, why don't we talk more about this after Thor tells us what he knows about these rocks, hmm?" Steve said. He did not like to be reminded of how he'd been forced to watch Tony's self-sacrificing flight through Loki's portal during the Battle of New York, all while shamelessly begging him not to leave him.
Steve gulped, forcibly squashing his panic demon back down. "I'm—I'm not, or I guess I don't mean to. It's just… Tony, we know that HYDRA knows about Peter, so if they really are tied in with our government then that means there are government officials out there who are either already aware of him, or they will be soon."
And while they at least had a magnet in the compass devices, it was one that required very precise tuning in order to locate the exact time and place where their timeline diverged with one that was victorious. Not exactly as simple as just flipping a switch.
After depositing some clothes and a new pair of shoes outside Scott's door, Steve hurried back to his own suite to find Tony awake and propped up on the bed, reading on his tablet. He looked up as Steve entered, raising a curious eyebrow.
Steve's heart was in his throat as he clung to Tony's shoulders with his right arm, his left hand clutching his shield as JARVIS guided them to Peter's last known location. They had been sitting quietly in the coffee shop, with Tony working on his tablet and Steve attempting to read when the alert came, telling them that Peter had somehow become submerged in what was supposed to be a frozen lake.
The most frustrating part was that not even JARVIS had a record of everything that had happened, thanks to the whole jump-back-in-time do-over thing, so essentially all that Peter knew for sure was after Thanos got the Time Stone from Dr Strange, he then managed to get his hands on the Soul Stone in Wakanda and snap his fingers. And that Dad and Peter were still up on Titan when it happened.
The way his hand fit perfectly inside Steve’s, the way Steve’s arms fit perfectly around his waist, and the way their lips slotted perfectly together.
"Well, it's not like Iron Man's hard to look at either," Cindy added. "That goatee of his must take him hours to get that perfect. Peter? Do you ever get to watch him when he shaves?"
He could do this all day, right? Isn't that what he'd always said whenever he'd been knocked down before?
Arriving back in the penthouse, Tony was surprised to see that it was barely 10am.  Apparently the confrontation with Obie actually hadn't gone on forever.
"Very good, very good," said the general. "And your impeccable record since joining the Air Corps ten years ago certainly speaks for itself. You are definitely a good man to have around, Captain. The perfect soldier, if I may."
something hidden in the treeline along the side of the lake right before Pete got pulled under, so how in the
"Please, baby," Tony rasped as his lips began attacking Steve's neck, kissing and nibbling across his throat. "Please, I need—"
"All hostiles have been accounted for, Captain," he said. "This now concludes the training session."
"Tony?" Steve said again, the wobble in his voice like a jagged dagger twisting in Tony's heart as he met Tony's eyes. "Sweetheart, where's—?" He broke off, swallowing hard. "Is—is he—? Oh, God, is he—?"
"Steve," Tony whispered as his entire body went lax against Steve's. He slowly turned his head, curling his arm around Steve's neck so they could press their lips together. "You're so good, honey. I love you."
"Well, we might just have to agree to disagree on that one," Steve said with a chuckle. "But I'm thinking if Peter does turn out to have some heightened senses and strength, that I should try and help him adjust to them a little. It's not easy to get used to having those sudden abilities."
It only took about three seconds for Peter to realise that the object looked almost exactly like one of Dad's Iron Legion suits, which had to mean that—
“Ah, JARVIS?  How the hell’d this thing get… like this?” Tony asked, gesturing towards the monitor.  “‘Cause this sure as hell isn't what it looked like the last time I saw it.”
Fury shifted again, transferring papers from one pile to another.  “As I told you, we need to tread carefully here.  The area Rogers went down in is precarious at best, and so—”
It was a start, at least. But Steve knew he wouldn't be able to truly rest until every last HYDRA agent had been flushed out from their mole tunnels and arrested.
"Not in any salt shaker that I've ever seen," Tony said with wide eyes. "But have you ever known Phillips to joke about something like that?"
-fun experience in Afghanistan and the fallout that had followed, he had been inclined to stick much closer to home.
"That," she said as she pointed to his head. "It's like you're trapped inside there, just waiting for something horrible to happen."
"I did already ask your ma if she wouldn't mind doing our flowers," added Bucky. "'Cause she sure did a hell of a job with yours."
And because of that, because it took over three days for Uncle Bucky to get any decent treatment, the tissue damage from the crushing injuries allowed such a deep infection to take hold that it ended up ravaging Uncle Bucky’s entire arm.
Tony let out a heavy sigh, his hands coming to rest on Steve's hips. "I've had JARVIS look into the girl's dad, and he can't seem to find anything about him that I'd consider dirty, and that includes any possible connections to that asshole Senator Davis. And with all these new names we're gonna be looking into and the fact that some idiot or idiots keep trying to attack the Damage Control convoys, right now I'm thinking that maybe we don't need to worry as much about George Stacy and just let Pete have a new friend. It's about damn time that someone besides Ned realised how awesome Pete is anyway."
Shuri let out a soft chuckle as she finished placing a fourth cloth, gently patting Tony's shoulder. "There is no shame in that, Captain, for my brother was made in a similar fashion. It is both a gift and a curse to be placed in charge of defending the lives of one's people, but you and your team are to be commended. Because of you, we have beaten a most formidable enemy, and now Wakanda can breathe freely again." She flashed Steve a reassuring smile. "Mr Stark is stable for now, so I will go and check on your son."
"Yeah, uh, and when was the last time that you slept?" asked Steve. "'Cause if you don't mind me saying, you look a little peaked."
"I would not call what we did fighting against him," piped up the Mr Clean-looking dude from a few metres away.
"He didn't hear anything, if that's what you're wondering," answered Tony. "He's been asleep for the last three hours, and I had JARVIS disable the audio for your chip on his stuff."
"That's 'cause you showed up three minutes late to a briefing with your zipper still down, you idiot," said Tomis. "I mean, really. A toothpaste stain on your tie or something would've been better 'n that."
"Yeah, I am," Steve assured him. He knew that most of his hesitation with the nanites was the fact that he felt like he wasn't quite in control of them, which was entirely his own fault. Tony had told him multiple times that the suit would perform in the exact same manner as his traditional uniforms, and he had been right. It was just Steve being stubborn, as he so often was.
"What the hell?" he yelled as he took off running towards the bank, slipping and sliding across the ice as he tried to stay ahead of the crack, which, in his increasing panic, almost seemed like it was following him.
But death doesn't discriminate between the sinners and the saints. It only takes, and takes, and takes…
Rage flooded Steve's body, so strongly that he literally saw red. "What the hell are you talking about?" he yelled, his hands gripping Rumlow's uniform so tightly that a bolt of pain shot through his fingers. "How dare you even mention—!"
And then Steve's entire body went taught, his legs shaking around Tony as he came so hard that Tony had to palm himself to help stave off his own climax.
Which was more than he could say for Steve at the moment. During their last conversation earlier that day, Steve had already been shivering so badly that he'd barely been able to speak over the chattering of his teeth. Tony had ordered him to try and rest, to conserve both his energy and his oxygen, and Steve had told him that he would try, but Tony didn't honestly expect him to be able to do so.
Sam had warned Steve that it would take time for him to get back into the swing of things after his experience down in the HYDRA prison, and as usual, Sam had been absolutely correct. The Ireland vacation had helped, as had the unwavering support from Tony and Peter, but Sam had also warned Steve that only he could work through his own traumatic experiences. Others could sympathise and help him, but Steve's demons were all his own. They were personalised, so to speak, which meant that only he could defeat them.
"Hey, buddy!" Dad said before the doors had even fully opened, jumping up from the living room couch so fast there was no way he wasn't counting down the seconds. "How was the movie?"
"Whoa," Gwen said with wide eyes. "Yeah, I'm gonna have to agree with you there. But… I guess if you can afford it, then…?"
Steve was panting, his head tipped back against the couch and his blond hair plastered to his forehead as he nodded once, curling his arms around Tony.
“Ha ha, very funny.”  Tossing a furtive glance over her shoulder, Natasha downs the rest of the tea in her mug and leans closer.  “The article I read said that Tony Stark parted ways with his father thirteen years ago.”
"Yeah, but I'm pretty sure we're already beyond that point," Tony said. "We've gotta tell him something, hon. He deserves to know what's going on."
As it turned out, he had only managed to get through one more when the elevator doors slid open to reveal Tony, his face impassive but his eyes broiling with such concern it was as though they were broadcasting it through a megaphone. Tony had never been able to hide his emotional state from Steve. No matter how stoic he was able to keep his expression, his eyes always gave him away. Even looking at Tony's photograph in his SHIELD file before Steve had met him for the first time, he'd been able to read Tony's eyes.
And the two of them hadn't even lasted for half the movie before they were both sound asleep, with Peter wrapped up in Tony's arms and his head resting on his chest, off to the side so as to avoid pressing on the arc reactor.
"Hey. You're not the only one who's trying to protect him," Tony said with a frown. "And I don't care how strong he is, he's still just a kid, and no kid, not even a genius one, makes sound, rational decisions when they're fifteen. I know I sure as hell didn't."
"Um… um…" he stuttered, giving his head a quick shake. Even with Tony gone, he was still Captain America, still the leader of the Avengers.
"O'Brien tried to get me to slander you," Steve spat out, his gorgeous face twisted in anger. "He tried to force me to say something that he could take and twist around so he could blame you for what happened to Bucky, and I can't—" He broke off, his shoulders shaking. "I wouldn't do it, sweetheart, but I think—I'm not—I can't lie, Tony, I've never been able to, and I think I only managed to make things worse, because—Tony, I swear, if he tries to do anything to you or to that little boy, if he even
And then, just when he had started to think that he had actually gotten it all wrong, Peter had appeared within the portal, flipping through it before landing right in front of them, just as beautiful and whole as he had been the last time Steve had seen him.
Peter's eyes went so wide Tony was afraid they would pop out of his head. "Whoa!" he said. "I don't think I've ever seen any real paints!"
Tony grinned, sending a burst of warmth across Steve’s chest as he squeezed their intertwined fingers.  “We shall.”
"How—how I'm feeling… um…" Peter paused as he glanced around the basement room again, lingering for a second or two on Howard, then moving to the crowd of people looking down at them from the anteroom.
"I would say so, sir," said JARVIS. "He and Sergeant Barnes spent the evening watching movies while Colonel Rhodes participated in several conference calls."
But Tony didn't want to think about that now. For just a moment or two, he wanted to bask in the satisfaction that he and his beloved son had created something amazing together.
"Bye," he called to Gwen as the truck pulled away. As soon as she was out of sight he slumped back against the seat, closing his eyes.
Tony quickly kicked off his pyjama pants and tapped Steve on the shoulder, indicating for him to lie back. He then slid Steve's pyjamas down his legs and climbed on top of him, his eyes fluttering closed when Steve grabbed onto his hips and rocked up against him.
Tony, this happier, more confident Tony, had just decided that he was no longer going to take anymore of Obie’s crap.
O'Brien waved his hand. "Yes, yes, I apologise for the rather intrusive question. I understand that you still receive your quarterly checkups from the medical office?"
"Which is the gauntlet," Peter cut in, just in case any of the so-called Guardians of the Galaxy were unsure.
"No, no, New Asgard is fine," said Thor. "Well, at least mostly fine. I swear, trying to keep Loki and Valkyrie from tearing each other apart has become something of a full-time job lately, but… I digress."
"Yeah," Tony whispered, the memories of those precarious first few hours with his new baby boy hitting him like a repulsor blast. "Yeah, that's right. I was—I was such a fuck-up back then, and he—he completely changed my life. And now—now—"
"Yes, it does." Peter sniffed, his fingers pausing for only a second. "All the doctors have been doing this whole time is just leading my dad on with false hope, and he doesn't deserve that. What he does deserve is to have someone who loves him, so he won't be alone once I'm gone."
The gut-wrenching horror he'd felt as he watched the six glowing stones lock into place on Tony's gauntlet. The excruciating pain when he took Tony's hand, knowing that for Tony it was a billion times worse.
“Yeah.  I think you might be right,” Dad said as he kissed the top of Peter’s head.  “You always were the smart one.”
"The wormhole's collapsed!" Tony shrieked as he swerved back around. "Quill, you and Carol take out the rest of his guards. Rhodey, Sam, let's get behind that fucker and force him over to Steve!"
"It'll be okay, honey," he repeated as Peter shuffled over to the car, yawning so widely that Tony was afraid that his jaw had come unhinged.
"Ugh," Peter said, scrunching his nose at the memory of that awful night as he folded the top of his chip bag, licking the orange Dorito dust from his fingers. He had absolutely no desire to ever repeat that incident. Puking his guts out after eating a homemade dessert was not exactly the best way to endear himself to his girlfriend's family.
"Oh gods, Steve, there shouldn't be anything for you to have to appreciate," Tony said. "That child in there loves you like a father, and that's really all there is to it."
"You wanna take a vacation? Really? Mr If-We-Don't-Train-Everyday-Then We're-The-Ultimate-Slackers wants to take an actual vacation?"
Peter cried, his belly swooping in horror as the sand grains melded together to form what appeared to be an actual person made out of sand.
Tony moaned, his entire body going rigid as Steve carefully worked him open with his tongue and fingers, all the while caressing every single part of Tony's body that he could reach. "Holy shit, Steve, I think I'm gonna explode that feels so incredible!"
Steve's smile grew wider as he squeezed Tony's hand. "I love you too, sweetheart. And I can't wait to see Peter."
"Yeah… well… a little tinkering never hurt anyone," Tony said, his head bobbing his head back and forth. "Or at least not too much. Let me know once you're done with all of your inquiring, yeah?"
"No, Bucky, it wasn't me," Steve said with a laugh. "You know I'm not good enough at chess to beat Peter."
"D-doc—" the man managed to gasp through his gurgling, just before he let out a piercing scream. Steve immediately shrank back, grabbing Tony's shoulders as more and more fluid poured off the man's skin.
He had always hated that look. Always hated how Tony felt like he had to carry the entire world on his shoulders, and how he always instantly blamed himself whenever anything went wrong.
“We had no idea, Tony,” Fury said, as if he thought his words would somehow help.  “No goddamn idea that HYDRA has been just sitting there, right under our noses this entire time.”
"Nat and I can be there in about three hours if we drive, which'll probably look the least suspicious," Clint said. "The Quinjet will be faster, and we probably shouldn't all head directly there or someone'll figure it out before we want 'em to."
"Well, that was pretty nerve-wracking," Steve said once he'd climbed out. "You were right about the go/no-go point being the most difficult part of the mission."
"Thor took most of our food," Gamora said, rather bitterly. "When he and Rocket took the pod, he took most of our food with him."
"You know, this job… we try to save as many people as we can," Steve quietly began. "Sometimes that doesn't mean everybody, but… that doesn't mean that we should give up, and hide our heads in the sand. When we go back, when we all step into that tunnel and transport ourselves back to that battle, we'll be saving billions of people from a fate that they didn't deserve, but we'll also be placing ourselves directly in the line of fire. We're used to it, because we're the Avengers. We're supposed to fight the battles that other people can't. That's what we signed on to do, so we owe it to the people of this world, and all the other worlds in the universe, to see it through. Whatever it takes."
It was so gradual that he must have just dismissed it at the time, but now that he thought about it, it was definitely louder than it had been when he'd first noticed it, slicing through the blood rushing past his ears straight into his pain centre.
"Ah huh, that's good," he murmured. "So… why don't we try something like this…" He raised his arm and flexed his palm, his heart fluttering as the nanites followed suit.
And then the one time that he didn't, when he finally decided to throw caution into the wind and reopen his heart, it just ended up getting smashed to pieces.
Pepper gave an unsure nod as she checked her clipboard.  “All right.  Then at ten o’clock you have a conference call with the head of the Stark Relief Foundation in Sokovia, another with the chair of the Senate Armed Services Committee at eleven, and another with the principal of Peter’s school at noon.  He wants to know if you’d be willing to help judge the high school’s science fair.”
"And it was beautiful," Thanos continued. "But Titan was like most planets; too many mouths, not enough to go around. And when we faced extinction, I offered a solution."
"Twenty-seven, fourteen, thirty-six," Peter mumbled under his breath as the twirled the dial, letting out an exaggerated sigh of relief when the lock finally gave way. He gingerly opened the door, careful to not send it slamming against its neighbour, and shoved his books inside, grabbing his backpack and dropping it to the floor so he could put on his jacket.
Steve offered Tony his arm once he'd locked his office door, trying and failing to ignore the warmth spreading across his chest as they made their way outside and headed towards the ball field. The night was beautifully clear, the air crisp and cool and the stars shining brightly as Steve spread the blanket out on a flat stretch of ground and sat down.
replied Little Steve, before skipping his way down the main aisle, veering to the left right before he reached the back wall. His eyes went wide as he caught sight of the sketchbooks, his small hand tentatively reaching to touch them.
"And these warp calculations are an actual thing?" Bruce asked, raising a skeptical eyebrow. "And not just in some TV show?"
he cried as he leapt towards Peter, tackling him to the floor and curling his body over him.  He could only vaguely make out Tony’s shouts of confusion as he tucked Peter’s head under his chest, holding his breath as he waited for the building to come crashing down on top of them.
"No, wait," Tony cut in. "You know what, on second thought I don't really give a damn what you think." He sucked in another shaky breath, shivering like someone had dumped an entire bucket of ice down his back. "I just can't believe I was stupid enough to fall for it all."
"But if that's the case, then the president just let it happen," he said. "Why didn't he try to stop it?"
“It’s okay, baby,” Tony said on a moan as he curled his long fingers around Steve’s cock, stroking him in time with his thrusts.  His lips found Steve’s in a sloppy kiss, his cock slamming into Steve like he was trying to split him in two.
"To Riley," the rest said simultaneously before all four of them downed the contents of their glasses. Steve grimaced as the sharp liquor burned its way down his throat, fighting against the urge to cough. He wasn't that much of a drinker, especially of the hard stuff, as Bucky liked to call it, but out of respect for Sam he hadn't protested when Sam had ordered five rounds of what had been Riley's favourite brand of whisky.
"Yeah, I'd say it's a decent possibility," said Dad. "They've got one of the stones, and Bruce seemed pretty adamant that Thanos wanted all six of 'em, so…"
Tony gave a single nod, quickly downing the rest of his coffee. "What time did you tell Bruce to come up?"
And by far the worst of them, Tony attacking Steve in a rage because he believed that he had been turned into a HYDRA agent, all while wearing armour designed by Justin Hammer.
"Ned didn't tell me her name," Peter answered through a mouthful of milkshake. "Just that her dad's a deputy police chief."
"I know that what I'm about to say probably won't mean much, and I'm really sorry if it comes across as petty or unsympathetic, but I really, really need to get out of here. That's my entire family out there right now that's fighting against those horrible robots, and they really could use my help. So if there's any way that you would know how to get me out of here, I can't tell you how much I would appreciate it."
He was Tony's son, his boy who was dying a slow, agonising death, and he needed to make absolutely sure that even through all of the madness erupting all around them, that he
"Didn't anyone ever tell you guys that guns are dangerous?" Peter called as he swung down to the van, running straight for the weapons when one of the guys pulled back his arm, which Peter noticed about a second too late was covered in a long, silver-coloured gauntlet that looked like a very crude version of one of Dad's gauntlets. The man's metal fist connected directly with Peter's midsection, launching him backwards at least ten metres. He landed flat on his back, briefly knocking the wind from him as the men jumped into the van and started to drive off.
Tony had also placed the new locators in Peter's Spider-Man uniforms, even though they never left the Avengers' facilities. Tony's thought was that he could never be too careful when it came to protecting his boys.
“Oh, God!” he said on a gasp, pressing the dog tags into his skin.  “Please, don't take him from us!  Not now, not—!”
"No, I know you weren't," Steve said, sounding just a bit more awake. "But I wasn't kidding about tonight either."
"Never again sounds fine to me, mo grá," Steve replied. He twisted around so he was facing Tony, smiling widely as he drew Tony close. "I am so proud of how you handled that, though. That could've gone down pretty ugly, but you handled it with a lot of grace."
"Yes, but they still should've told him about it, Tony," Steve said firmly. "Because it worked. That serum transformed me from a skinny, sickly waif of an eighteen-year-old into—"
“Sounds good,” whispered Papa.  He leaned against the back of the chair as Dad hurried over to the workstation, tapping commands into the keyboard as he muttered under his breath.  He had been up for most of the night, checking and double-checking and calibrating and adjusting everything at least a thousand times, trying to make sure that he’d thought of every single possible permutation.  According to JARVIS, Papa had tried to keep him company for awhile, but Dad’s jitteriness must’ve eventually gotten to be too much even for him since Peter found them both asleep on the lab’s couch that morning.
Tony's eyes crinkled as he smiled mischievously, grinding his hips down against Steve's as he glided Steve's t-shirt up and over his head, tossing it aside. "Oh, I know that, hot stuff. If it had been, you wouldn't've bothered with a shirt."
“Copy that!” Steve says.  He tosses Tony a quick nod as he starts the motorcycle, gripping the handles.  “Let’s go!”
Not that he didn't want to take Tony to bed. On the contrary, it was starting to get ridiculous just how often Steve's thoughts were bombarded with images of Tony lying naked beneath him as he explored every little dip and curve of his glorious body, the sounds he'd make from those beautiful lips and the way his eyes would squeeze tight with pleasure. He'd gotten just a touch of that the previous night when their hands had starting wandering a bit more than usual during one of their intense makeout sessions, but so far Tony was allowing Steve to set the pace for their physical relationship, and as much as he hated to admit it, Steve was still pretty nervous about taking that next step.
"We shall." Peter had to fight against the strong urge to offer Gwen his arm as they headed down the hallway, like Papa always did for Dad whenever they were out and about, especially in the winter when the sidewalks were icy. He would definitely have to remember to do that if he and Gwen were ever able to go out on a real date.
"Oh no, not at all," Tony said, thick with sarcasm. He shook his head, a smile lighting on his lips as he recalled how he'd had to run Peter's glasses up to the school that very morning after Peter realised two periods in that he had forgotten them. Again.
Steve was in the middle of rinsing his hair when the idea hit him, nearly causing him to get soap in his eyes in his haste to finish. He quickly towelled off, pulling on his clothes so hurriedly that he almost exited the locker room with his t-shirt on backwards.
Tony had long since believed that someday his sins would come back to haunt him.  He just hadn’t expected it to hurt so goddamn much.
Tony let out a soft chuckle, his beautiful brown eyes crinkling as he grinned. "Damn right, baby. I am your husband." He closed his eyes, burrowing further into Steve's embrace.
"Well, politicians only like to complain and point fingers," said Steve. "It was like that when I was growing up, and I don't see it changing anytime soon."
"Tony, Bucky's got a point," Sam said carefully. "I know Peter's your son, but you can't fight this for him. He has to do it himself or none of it will mean a damn thing."
Stepping into the shower, Steve turned up the water as hot as it would go, trying to chase away all of the ice crystals coursing through his veins. He squeezed his eyes closed as the burning hot droplets pelted his skin like a thousand tiny pokers, trying to rid his mind of the image of his son, his beloved boy, not knowing who he was as he beat him senseless.
"Okay, but Beck could still be linked to whoever it is that got the data, right?" Steve said. "Could he build one of the suits if he had the blueprints and the components for it?"
"We would never ask you to do anything that would put your people at risk, Your Highness," Steve said. "Just the fact that you've agreed to form this alliance with us is proof enough to me that your intentions are pure."
"Stop!" Dr Strange suddenly shouted, holding up his shaking right hand. He stepped over to Thanos, his expression a mixture of defeat and determination as pieces of the moon Thanos had literally just pulled from the sky continued to crash to the ground. Peter was barely still conscious, his fingers curled tightly around Thanos' wrist.
Tony groaned, rubbing at the sharp crick in his neck from trying to sleep while sitting up. He'd kicked Steve out of the penthouse about an hour ago to go work out with Sam and Clint after he had another one of his bad anxiety attacks, but while he knew it was good for Steve to get out, it meant that Tony was left completely alone with his thoughts, which were not very good company at the moment.
"Yeah," said Peter. "Which doesn't make any sense when you think about it. You'd think they'd try to lure the cadets in with nicer colours and then give them the uglier ones once they've got 'em hooked, wouldn't you?"
Tony sighed as he looked into the shining blue eyes of his husband, eyes that displayed only love, acceptance, and concern in their depths. None of the suspicion and disdain that Tony had seen in his dream.
Steve huffed as he paced back and forth, his thumbs hooked into his waistband. "Look, Sam, I'm really sorry that we called you up here, but—"
smile that never failed to twist his insides. "Thanks," she said softly as she took a sip of her milk. "I'm still trying to convince my dad to let me even apply, so… I guess we'll see."
He can always tell him he’s sorry later, after he knows if Mr Rogers will agree to coach him or not.
Slowly, Peter rolled onto his side, careful to keep his IV lines from kinking or tangling as he tried to get comfortable enough to sleep. The doctors had been telling him he should try to sleep propped up since it was easier on his lungs, but he'd never been able to get comfy like that. He rubbed at his sore nose, sucking in a rattling breath as he closed his eyes, a soft smile stretching across his lips.
Tony pressed his palm to his chest, the cool metal of Steve's dog tags against his scarred skin sending a light shiver down his spine. The fact that the drones had not only surprised HYDRA but also managed to scare them off couldn't be just a coincidence, and it also likely meant that wherever they were holding Steve was currently out of the firing range of the drones, both at the Tower and Compound and those mounted on the Stark Industries building in D.C.
"Oh, God!" Steve exclaimed as his wide-eyed gaze shifted to where Gamora and Nebula were working in tandem to bring the huge, Rancor-like alien down, with Nebula triumphantly burying his pickaxe into his skull less than three seconds later. Barely pausing to blink, Steve scanned the rest of the battlefield, quickly locating Wanda and Bucky as they battled alongside Clint, Natasha, and Pietro. A few metres away were King T'Challa and General Okoye, calling out orders to their warriors as they seamlessly fought back-to-back.
"Steve!" the voice insisted, this time accompanied by a firm hand on his shoulder. In his dulled-down state, it took a few heartbeats for Steve to realise that the hand was smooth, rigid, and heavy, and way,
It was just… Tony just really wished that he wasn't there. If he—and Steve—had had their way, Peter would be safely back at the Tower by now, surrounded by JARVIS, dozens of Happy's security guards, the best defence drones that Tony could build, and George Stacy. Not there with him on a barren rock of a planet, surrounded by a pack of bumbling idiots while they waited for their impending doom to arrive wearing a fancy, bejewelled glove.
"Holy shit, Steve!" Dad cut in. "If Pete's right, then that means Thanos might be summoning these things from another universe! Which means that—!"
"That's right, baby," Tony whispered once he pulled off, slowly kissing his way back up Steve's sweat-dampened body. "You needed that, hmm?"
"Dad, just stop arguing with Grandpa, okay?" Peter said, his lower lip shaking. "It's not gonna change anything."
"That's it, baby," Tony said as Steve paused to suck in air, his arms and chest shaking. "Gods, you're just so fucking gorgeous!"
If not even Tony can find a way out of their predicament, then things really are about as hopeless as they can get.  Which means in all of his hemming and hawing and second-guessing, Steve has completely missed his chance with him.
Grabbing their usual array of sandwiches and bottles of superwater, he and Tony ate in relative silence, clinging to each other's hands by the light of a lone handlamp as Steve's old big band music played in the background. For only one evening's work they had managed to get quite a bit accomplished, but the plans weren't completed yet. There were still way too many unanswered questions for Steve's taste, the most important of those being who else in the Air Corps would support Project Phoenix, and who would not.
"Ah," answered Steve, slotting that information into its appropriate mental compartment. He was familiar with Colonel Rhodes, and the accident that had left him unable to continue flying.
And Steve can’t help but notice just how well they fit together.  Or the slight blush that creeps up Tony’s cheeks as he releases him.
"All right, then you're still our son, our boy, if you will," said Papa. "And I don't know if anything that we say will help you see it from our perspective, but please, just try, okay? We've already come so close to losing you so many times, little guy, and I suppose that tends to skew our view of things, but that's only because we love you so much and it would kill us both to have anything happen to you."
It's not that Steve didn't want to go, he just knew that since there was no way he'd be able to convince Tony to go with him—Tony had likened watching a baseball game to watching paint dry—he didn't feel comfortable leaving Tony alone in the penthouse more often than he already did. It also put way too much pressure on Peter's shoulders, and that wasn't fair to him either.
"Yeah, well, he's not here right now, is he!" Dad cried. He let out a sharp gasp like he was in pain, pressing his palm to his chest where Papa's dog tags were hidden underneath his shirt. "And until I can figure out exactly where those goddamn assholes have taken him, I don't see the point to—!"
"Uhh, this is it," he said, rather solemnly. "Price is six dollars plus tax, and it includes one free same-day refill."
Steve sputtered, unable to comprehend why Tony was being so stubborn about this. How could he not understand that the arc reactor would probably make it harder for his body to fight off germs?
"I love you too," murmured Steve once they broke apart, their foreheads pressed together and tears streaking down both their cheeks. "And I can't wait to go home with you and our son."
Peter opens his mouth, remembering at the last second to clear his throat first.  “Uh huh, I-I’m Peter,” he says as he shakes Mr Rogers’ hand.  “It’s a real honour to meet you, sir!”
“So, Peter,” Mr Rogers says once they’re back in the conference room.  “Can you tell me why you asked your father to call me, instead of joining your own school’s swim team or one of the local teams?”
"Yeah, I think we're good to go," Tony said as he finished inputting the final set of parameters for the projection. If everything went according to plan, once the glasses were able to form the connection with Bucky's hippocampus and the trigger words were spoken, whatever memory his mind recalled would then be outwardly projected inside the panic room for everyone to see, with Sam prepared to try and talk Bucky through it if it seemed like he was in danger of slipping away.
"Yeah, they do," answered Steve, wincing at the sharp pang that struck his gut at the thought. Peter had introduced Steve to Star Wars the very day that they returned from Afghanistan, almost five years—
"All right, Tony," Helen began, and Tony immediately cringed. He'd been around enough doctors and hospitals in his lifetime to be able to recognise that voice that doctors tended to use whenever they had to break some particularly bad news.
He returned to the penthouse to find Bruce sitting in his lab, sipping coffee and going over some of his latest notes, which Tony could tell because they were still mostly readable.
Steve sat as still as a rock as Peter began shuffling towards the bathroom, only exhaling once he was safely inside. Then he dropped his glassy eyes to the floor, searching through the tangle of blankets until he located the fallen notebook. He picked it up, intending to place it back on the bed when he noticed a page covered in the same odd gibberish that he had caught a glimpse of on one of his earlier visits, only this time complete with a title written across the top in large block letters.
All of which meant that Peter hadn't even worked up the courage to kiss her yet. Or even tell her that he really,
Gulping, Steve nodded, pressing another kiss to Tony's forehead. "JARVIS, can you please turn off the television?"
"Right now I really don't give a damn, Pete," Dad stated, his armoured fingers combing through Peter's messy hair. "We can figure something else out."
With a final wave, Peter stepped out onto the sidewalk to find Dad standing by the driver’s door of his orange Audi, waving impatiently.
After enduring so many years of unrelenting war, both throughout his country and inside his own home, Tony Stark was finally at peace.
They were a team, as Peter had so aptly put it. And as long as they had each other, no obstacle would be too high to climb.
"Will you be able to come back tomorrow, Steve?" Peter asked as Sharon listened to his chest. "You didn't quite finish your drawing."
"All right then. Is there anything else you'd like to eat?" Steve asked. "I can grab some things to take with us too if you want."
"Who then introduced me to the SHIELD science liaison to the Langaran military," Howard said firmly. "Who then proceeded to hire me to assist in the design and creation of the very aircraft that we currently have defending our skies."
Couldn't seem to fight his way out of the mental ice threatening to freeze him yet again, to hold him down until he had no choice but to drown.
"Yeah, it definitely looks that way since the autopilot just kicked off," agreed Dad as he hurried towards the steering assembly. "And I don't think this big rig has a self-park function either. Pete, get up here."
"Oh, I've thought a lot about it," he said, almost shyly. "Let's just say that I have some definite plans."
"It's okay bud, Papa and I are right here," said Tony. "Just keep breathing, we're not gonna leave you."
"Please," Steve rasped as he broke away from Tony's lips, trailing kisses down his jaw to his neck. "Sweetheart,
“Well, all right, all right, just hold your horses,” Obie cut in.  “I’m only calling to remind you that you’re gonna need a date for that benefit coming up at the end of June.  Can’t have
But now that JARVIS was halted, that meant it was probably only a matter of time before someone tried to get Ultron up and running.
Also not likely. If Tony had learned anything from his fight against Thanos, it was that he was even more stubborn than Steve.
"More like beat the ever-lovin' snot out of him, Tony," Bruce said grimly. "It was like fighting Abomination times about a kajillion. We barely survived."
"I know you do, baby," Tony said, gasping as Steve's free hand slipped between them to curl around his aching cock. "You're so good, so damn good to me."
"But Peter got that drug too, multiple times," Steve insisted. "And he can still remember believing that either Tony or I was dead. In two different timelines."
"You might say that," said Grandma. "There were many a night where I didn't leave this chair. I just sat here, watching Steven's chest as he breathed. In and out, in and out. Most of the time he sounded like he was sucking air through about a hundred layers of cheesecloth, but he still managed to survive."
"Do you happen to know where I can find Thanos?" Thor asked, grunting with another swing of his axe. "I would like to have an impolite conversation with him."
The monster roared again, twisting towards Steve and swinging its massive water-arm at another tree, sending the top half of the trunk flying towards him. Steve yelped as he jumped back, several rough branches slicing across his skin and clothes as the tree bounced once on the bank and then splashed into the dark, icy water.
Tony silenced him with another kiss, brushing his thumbs across Steve's perfectly sculpted cheekbones. "Say no more, honey. Just show me the way."
“Go ahead and start on the render, J, but hold off on the manufacture until I give you the go.  I need to do some more thinking first.”
"And my dad!" Peter added as he heard the unmistakable sound of his father's repulsors firing, followed by several shouted orders from Papa and Hulk's thundering footsteps. "And my papa and Uncle Bruce!" He stepped back from the circle, indicating for Mantis to get in front of him. "Uh, you can go ahead of me. Ladies first."
Tony, Peter, James, Natasha, Clint, Bruce, Sam, Bucky, Pietro, Wanda, and Thor. They weren't only his teammates, they were also his
"Okay, so," he began, clearing his throat. "I'm hoping to nail down the final details for the space flight simulations in the next couple days, and I've got Pete working on the final designs for both the satellites and the tesseract containment vessel. Once those are done I'll upload them so you can take a look, all right?"
"It's the least I can do," Stacy said. He stepped back as his partner approached, juggling two big coffee cups and a loaded paper sack in his hands.
“Since the second you stepped inside the store looking like you were going on a date,” Peter shot back.  “Which you haven’t been on in at least five years, by the way.  And no, sleeping with the
Peter was still shaking in his father's arms, his eyes squeezed tightly closed as he tried to force the fact that he was just nearly strangled to death out of his mind.
All of which had been easy since there hadn't been any issues with the X-302s. In fact, they were performing so well that Tony was finding it more and more difficult to keep from repeatedly pointing it out to Phillips, just in case the old grizzled colonel hadn't noticed for himself. The brand-new arc reactor power sources were functioning even better than Tony had predicted, and judging from the near-constant banter from the pilots, they were all having the time of their lives.
"It's okay, babe, I've got you," Tony said as he took Steve's face in his hands, kissing a path to his ear. "How fast can you get it up again?"
"Hey, hon. Take a look at that," Tony whispered as he jerked his head towards Peter, who was sitting in the centre of a gaggle of Air Corps pilots and telling them an absolutely captivating story, if the identical looks of awe on each of their faces were any indication. "Seems like Pete's got himself a fan club."
Unfortunately, much to Steve's dismay, Tony's stubbornness proved to be much harder for him to deal with than he'd originally anticipated. Even after he was finally deemed healthy enough to be discharged from the infirmary, Tony refused to do much of anything, choosing to spend all of his time holed up either in Peter's section of his lab or his bedroom, literally staring at the walls or off into space. It was all Steve could do to convince him to eat something once or twice a day, not to mention try to get him to sleep, or even lie down every now and then.
"No," Peter said firmly. "I mean, thanks, but no. I'm not—I don't want HYDRA to think that I'm afraid of them."
The project was now finished. Or at least as much as it could be until Dad could input it into his computer and test it out, but finished nonetheless.
"Eh, better you than me," said Tony. "Did you need anything else? Your speedster got his new shoes, didn't he?"
Someone was attempting to mess with the code, and it wasn't Dad. And since no one had seen Grandpa in weeks, Peter was pretty sure it wasn't him either.
"I made sure JARVIS has a continuous lock on his phone too, honey, so he'll be fine." Tony said gently. "He's with three of our team members, they're not gonna let anything happen to him."
"No, not exactly," Gwen said. "And he didn't tell me where he was going, just that he needed to leave right then or his whole plan would be ruined. But he did admit that he was going to search for his papa."
"Mmm," Peter said as he took a long drink, his cheeks hollowing out with how thick it was. "This is so awesome, Papa, thank you!"
Steve clung tightly to Tony's hand while Happy wheeled him down the hall to the operating room, with Peter giving Tony a sheepish look over his surgical mask once he got inside.
"You okay, little guy?" Papa asked as he pulled up to a red light. "Do you need me to stop and get you something to eat?"
Ned's eyes narrowed, then widened. "Oh yeah, that's true! Hey, that means you're like our secret weapon or something! That's so awesome!"
And Tony had never looked more beautiful, with his lidded eyes, slack jaw and mussed hair, and Steve was desperate to tell him. To tell him over and over how much he loved him, and how worried he had been for all those months, when he had feared that he might've lost him forever.
"All right," he said as Peter joined him in the living room, ready to go. "You've got everything, right? Glasses? Earplugs? Snacks?"
"And I'm gonna send someone in to empty your trash and clean up a bit in that office of yours too," Rhodey had warned as he placed a set of clean clothes onto the bench outside the stall. "Gods, Tony, there's no need for you to be living like you're still in university!"
"You goddamn sick son of a bitch!" Tony spat out over the comm. "Of all the egotistical, assholish ways to—!"
"I'm telling you, we need to let him know what's going on," Uncle Sam said. "Peter's no dummy, right, so he already knows that something's wrong. It's just not right to keep him in the dark like this."
But she had refused to say, only telling him that he needed to try and go back to sleep and ignoring his tear-filled pleas for a light, any kind of light to break up the darkness that terrified him.
"No, little guy, there's nothing wrong," he murmured. "I'm just… I'm just so relieved that you're here. You and Tony, you've made me so happy, happier than I ever thought possible, and—" He broke off as his bright blue eyes filled with tears, leaning down to kiss Peter's forehead. "If your dad and I would've lost you, I'm not—I'm not sure what we would've done."
For a moment Peter didn't respond, his wide eyes flicking around the room in confusion before landing on Tony.
smile. He clapped Peter on the shoulder, his helmet closing over his face as he turned to stand next to him, and Peter finally got his first good look at the battlefield.
"I'll make sure the guards are there, honey," Dad said. He reached over to give Papa's knee a reassuring pat. "And I don't think Pete would try anything stupid while his girlfriend is with him, so we should be okay."
Peter gulped, his brown eyes going even wider. "Well… then we'll have to make sure that doesn't happen, right?"
"Yeah, I know," answered Steve, his lips brushing along Tony's temple. "But that doesn't mean I'm not going to anyway."
"Yeah," Peter whispered. "I can't wait." He glanced out his window, noticing that the sun was already dipping below the treeline in the distance. "It's gonna be dark soon, Dad."
Peter, his precious boy, was growing up, and right before his very eyes.  Especially if his rollercoaster voice changes and his constantly shrinking pant legs were any indication.
"Ten years," Tony muttered under his breath. He had just started consulting for SHIELD almost exactly ten years ago, which meant that he would have delegated more of the hiring responsibilities to other people around that same time.
"Yeah, whatever," said Bucky. "Just… be careful when you tell your ma, okay? 'Cause I'm still not sure how she'll handle you dating a Stark."
A sudden gunshot pierced the air, the shockwave rippling through Steve's entire rigid body as Rumlow slumped in his grip, his head lolling forward. Steve let out a yelp as he shoved him away, nearly knocking Bucky over as he stumbled backwards.
"Not when we've got a pilot fighting for his life," Papa said firmly. "There's no way I'm letting this go."
was the first movie that Steve, Tony, and Peter watched together after Steve moved into the Tower.  It was Peter’s idea, thinking that it would help Steve start to feel more comfortable in this time, and while he remembers Tony grumbling a bit at the choice, he also vividly remembers Tony sticking around for the entire show.
Despite the late hour, Tony managed to find a parking place only a half a block away.  He adjusted his glasses as he stepped out onto the street, trying to ignore the fact that he’d felt compelled to make sure that his hair wasn't a complete mess while getting ready to leave the office.
Tony frowned, tilting his head as he regarded the glowing blue hologram hovering in the air in front of him. It was another suit, one that he and Bruce had designed specifically as an emergency backup to help bring down Hulk in case he ever decided to go rogue. They had started on the initial design drafts way back when Bucky was first brought to the Tower after the Project Insight fiasco, but with his and Steve's wedding, then their honeymoon, then their kidnapping by Obadiah and Aldrich Killian and the months-long hospital stays that followed, that particular suit got pushed to the back of Tony's "must-have" list.
Still, Steve was trying hard—at least, at the moment—to look at it as a gift. For just like when he'd survived the crash of the
"Of course you've been thinking," Tony retorted. His palms rubbed up and down Steve's back, taking some of the sting from his words. "You've been thinking you're not gonna let anything like that happen again, which I happen to agree with. This is just my way of contributing."
"Watch yourself there, Captain Rogers!" Colonel Phillips barked as he took a step back. "It never does a pilot any good to have his eyes on the ground!"
"We don't know that for sure," Steve said quickly, his heart jumping as he saw Tony fly by with Peter still crouched on his back. "Just… right now we need to concentrate on taking out as many of the Chitauri as we can. We've done it before, and we can do it again."
“Oh, but it’s got to be him!” Peter exclaimed.  “He’s always blathering on to Dad about how they’re iron mongers, so it’s just got to be!”
"Okay, sweetheart, okay," he whispered. "But in the meantime, I'm going to try as hard as I possibly can to make sure none of this happens."
Steve's entire body was shaking, his chest screaming for air that was burning hot and ice cold at the same time as he tried to figure a way out of this waking nightmare. There were so many bits and pieces that just didn't add up, and now—
"Yeah, we'll see," muttered Tony, and Steve didn't have the heart to chastise him. Even with O'Brien no longer in charge, the blackouts would have to continue until Steve was able to deploy the tesseract, and he knew there'd be no way Tony would be able to sleep alone in the dark without him.
As Thanos' eyes swept across the ruins of the planet, he let out a low growl, his already nasty-looking face transforming into a deep scowl as he drew his gauntlet-covered fingers into a tight fist.
"Yeah, you and Papa said there'd be no need," interrupted Peter. "Especially if it worked on Uncle Bucky."
Davis gave a rather doubtful nod. "I see. So you have no information as to the current whereabouts of the Winter Soldier?"
"I'm okay with that!" exclaimed Peter, bouncing up and down on his chair. "Oh, thank you, I can't wait to tell Gwen!"
"Oh yeah, that's a good point." Ned said. "But I'm still gonna predict that you'll meet one at some point. Although probably not until after you meet a sorcerer. For some reason that just seems more realistic."
"That's right," agreed Tony. "As for Strange, he saw over fourteen million possible outcomes while we were on Titan, so I'm guessing that once he reappears up there, he'll already know that he needs to get himself and Pete and the rest down to Wakanda ASAP."
A heavy pause settled over the group as Tony and Peter exchanged loaded glances. Finally, Tony spoke up.
"Yeah, just going over some documents for George Stacy," she said. She set her coffee cup down, giving Steve a slight smile. "Couldn't sleep last night for some reason, so I thought I'd get an early start."
"Give me a second, I'm almost there," Sam cut in. "Let me see what Redwing can find." A second later Steve saw Redwing take off from the back of Sam's pack and swoop down into the building, which was now filled with billowing white smoke.
Peter raised an eyebrow, eyeing Steve warily. "Uhh, I just wanted to let you guys know that we're gonna be leaving soon. Auntie Carol said it was way past the time for Uncle James to get off his feet."
Who, for all intents and purposes, had been perfectly cooperative ever since he got caught, even going so far as to relinquish all of his equipment to Bruce so he could take a look at it. The uniform itself was crude, Bruce had told Tony on the flight home, but still effective for its intended purpose. But it was really the tiny red particles encased in the clear glass vials on Lang's belt that were the key to the whole thing, allowing Lang to shrink and un-shrink as needed.
Tony bobbed his head. "Well… I was gonna suggest that all you enhanced types could draw straws or something, but if you're volunteering—"
"Um… yeah, it's—it's JARVIS, but—" Peter cut off as he suddenly felt that odd sensation of ice cubes behind dumped down his shirt, causing him to shiver. He quickly turned to face the window, gasping as another freezing-cold bolt raced down his spine.
"Are you seriously asking me that?" Tony replied. "God, Steve, you're just… you're just—" He paused, clearing his throat. "You're just fucking gorgeous, honey. That's all."
"Well, at least there's that." Steve slumped back against the couch, wincing as the ribbed collar of his t-shirt rubbed against the raw skin of his neck. "I just don't see how this is supposed to help anything. I don't—I still feel like a live wire, ready to explode, and—"
"Don't think for a moment that I don't know what you did here," Thanos began, the gauntlet catching on the single thin beam of light still making its way around the massive ship. "You just couldn't live with your own failure."
"Shh, honey, Pete's okay, he's with Sam and Bruce already back at the apartment. They're taking care of him, so now we gotta take care of you." Carefully Tony got to his feet, trying to support Steve on his badly shaking legs. "JARVIS?"
Steve thought as he started to drift off. Because for all of their talk about saving the universe, if he and Tony hadn't been able to bring Peter back in the process, Steve was absolutely certain that Tony wouldn't have survived it.
It was something that Steve now understood all too well. His fear that he would somehow lose the husband or son that he loved beyond reason had never been more profound than it had been down in that Miami hospital, when he kept vigil over them both for weeks as they fought for their lives.
"Yeah, that's a good one." Tony set his coffee and one of Steve's homemade bagels down on the kitchen table, smearing it with some cinnamon cream cheese as he spread out his work. In addition to promising that he would come to bed every night, Tony had also promised Steve that he'd do better about eating during the day, and so far he felt that he had done pretty well.
“Uh huh,” Peter says, yawning as he gets out of the car.  He’s so tired that he completely whiffs the first time he reaches for his backpack strap, nearly tipping over sideways in the process.  Tony bites his lip to keep from laughing as Peter finally hefts the backpack over his shoulder, which then proceeds to slip forward and knock him in the back of his head as he reaches for his swimming bag.
"Yeah, that's exactly what I'm thinking," Steve said with a heavy sigh. It had been a toss-up whether to start in Mongolia or hit the bases in Iceland first, and he had ended up deciding to go with Iceland first mainly because the bases there were easier to supply and therefore more important than the completely landlocked Mongolian base.
"Well, yeah," Tony said, rolling his eyes. "But that doesn't mean that I actually agree with him when he says it."
"How's it looking over there, Tony?" Colonel Phillips asked, leaning back in his chair. "Seems like those first two satellites went off without a hitch."
"No!" Tony exclaimed, crying out as Steve grabbed onto his hand, squeezing it so tight that his knuckles popped. "Oh gods,
"Said like someone who used to think the very same thing, until he fell in love," said Steve. "Well, I won't hold it against you."
"Can you do me one favour, please?" he asked as he slipped his arm around Tony's waist. "Can you first ask Dr Strange if this is how we can win?"
"Let's not at the moment, okay?" Tony said. He kissed the top of Peter's head, which smelled very strongly of fifteen-year-old boy sweat. "Maybe just let us get Pete cleaned up and get him some food first?"
Unfortunately, it wasn't to be the case. Owing in large part to their teacher's desire to not only have one student dominate the conversation, soon after Gwen stopped talking, Peter felt his anxiety level start to tick back up, hovering at its usual position somewhere between Defcon three and four. It lasted all through the rest of their classes and into Decathlon practise, where Gwen kept them all hopping with her lightning round questions.
"I'm not exactly sure, it's pretty complex," Gwen replied. "But if I had to guess, I'd say it's a communications link between him and…" She paused, squinting at the screen. "Does someone here wear hearing aids?"
“One that I have taught him, yes,” answers Natasha as she starts the engine.  “Your kid’s a pretty fast learner.”
Steve gave a nod. "Yeah, that's what I thought. But…" He trailed off as he tilted his head, hoping against hope that he wasn't somehow imagining things.
Steve tipped his head back against Tony's shoulder, his eyes fluttering closed. "Yes. To us. So what are we gonna do about it?"
"We'll also have the C-shift patrol pilots on backup support," Steve continued. "And as soon as Carol and I make it through the atmospheric barrier and into space, that's when Colonel Phillips will initiate the ground forces to surround General O'Brien's headquarters. He'll be supported from the air by the B-shift pilots, who'll be waiting inside their respective aircraft, ready to launch on his signal."
He was more addicted to Steve than he'd ever been to Scotch or gambling or anything else, and that was saying something.
"Pretty obvious, Steve," Bucky said. "Obvious enough for everyone on the team to have figured it out. And Phillips."
"I'm Spider-Man," Peter said proudly as he grabbed onto Fake Man's arm again, raising the armoured suit over his head and launching it towards the far wall about thirty metres away. He let out a soft, "Hmph," behind his mask as the armour crashed against the solid stone, shattering into a bunch of pieces that scattered across the floor with very satisfying rattles.
He had just finished the last of his tea when the door to the coffee shop opened and George Stacy and another police officer stepped inside. Steve instinctively shrank back, trying to avoid eye contact but Stacy noticed them right away, a wide smile stretching across his face as he waved hello.
There was a brief gust of air, and the image surrounding Steve suddenly changed to what looked like some kind of battlefield. Burning fires interspersed with piles of rubble and twisted metal surrounded him, and he whipped around, his breath catching as he caught sight of Peter cradled in Bucky's arms, his limp body covered in burns and black soot.
"Tony, what the hell is happening here?" Carol asked. "What the hell's going on, everything worked just fine for me?"
"You're always starving," Natasha retorted, elbowing him in the side. "And to answer your question, yes. Pietro and I have got ya covered. JARVIS?"
"Then don't," Tony murmured into Steve's ear. He hiked his legs up higher, his knees hooked over Steve's hips. "Come for me, baby. I wanna see you."
Dad's lower lip started to tremble, and he caught it between his teeth. "Well, if you're saying it, then it must be true." Then he brushed the hair from Peter's forehead, pressing a kiss there. "I s'pose it's time to head downstairs now?"
"No, don't try and give me that, I know you too well." Tony reached for Steve's hand, brushing his fingertips across his knuckles. "Tell me what you're worried about."
The splash of the hot water raining down onto Tony's chilled skin and tight muscles felt like tiny electrical shocks prickling throughout his body, and he let out a shiver as he backed further into the huge master shower so Steve could step inside. There was a shower on the Quinjet, of course, but given that it was barely large enough for Steve to fit inside by himself and that Tony often was piloting the jet at least half of the time, the two of them usually just waited until they were home and could shower together in peace.
Tony sucked in a deep breath, willing himself to stay calm. It was the same old argument that Howard always used to try and justify his utter failure to retain some semblance of humanity after his release from prison.
"Absolutely," Steve said eagerly, smiling as Peter flipped through his notebook. Peter didn't seem to want to talk much about himself or Steve's work, which suited Steve just fine. All the easier to keep his swirling thoughts contained.
Uncle Bucky's lower jaw dropped, snapping closed a second later as his eyes narrowed and he squirmed uncomfortably on his chair. "Um… well… that's just… that sounds absolutely
"Oh, hell yeah," answered Tony. "Hank Pym may think of himself as the same kind of genius that Howard or Arnim Zola were, but he's really more lucky than intelligent. That's the main reason why he kept that formula so secret. It was pretty much all he had, and he was afraid that if it ever got out, he'd be left in the dark."
"Okay, fine," Tony had begrudgingly said, accented with a rather exaggerated roll of his eyes. Over fifteen years of being friends with Rhodey had taught him that trying to argue with him when he was in one of his moods was about as useless as trying to find coffee in a civilian market. "Just so long as they don't touch anything!"
Because while the Superhero Registration Act may have been defeated, Steve knew that there was no way HYDRA was just going to roll over and die. There would be something else, some new loophole or regulation, and if the incident up at the Compound was any indication, it would be happening sooner rather than later.
Tony knew they still had a long way to go.  But at least now they were driving in the right direction.
“Good morning, Miss Potts,” Tony said as he took the mug, inhaling the delectable scent of his favourite strong, dark roast.  “Ah, this is exactly what I needed.”
"All right, then let's get you situated," Papa said as he lifted Peter up, carrying him into his room. Peter was still shaky enough that Dad had to help him get undressed and into his pajamas, but once that was done and he was resting on top of three heating pads with two more draped over his knees and sipping some of Papa's awesome hot chocolate and some homemade soup, he did feel a bit better.
At least forty minutes pass before Tony returns with three small bottles of water in his hands, the frown lines between his eyebrows harsher than ever.
If anything, meeting Tony Stark in person had only reinforced Steve’s position that he was doing things the right way.  Because if he wasn’t, there would've been no way he would’ve allowed himself to become as enthralled with Tony as he now was.
They held hands as they rode the escalator up into the main lobby of the theatre. Since Peter had already bought their tickets the day before, he led Gwen straight over to the concessions area, and was busily scanning the menu when one of the cashiers, a big, burly dude with wild curly hair, waved him over.
“Yeah, it’s okay with me,” says Dad.  “The kid’s been chomping at the bit all day to show off for ya.”
"Ah, yeah," Peter said with a quick nod as he slumped down into his chair, ignoring the goofy look Gwen shot him. "Sorry."
"Yeah," Tony murmured, slumping against the counter as he checked Bucky's vitals. "Yeah, I think we are."
"Just make sure to actually pick 'em up first, okay, Ro?" added Clint. "We don't want another dragging incident like the last time, right?"
"Eh, that's what people tell me," Peter said with a not-quite-modest shrug. "But I did ace my History final today, so…"
But as the alarm sounded and all of the lights began to vanish across the non-essential sections of the base, Steve's thoughts suddenly shifted to young Peter, sitting alone in his hospital room with nothing but an old notebook for company. He very much hoped that Peter's father had been able to make it in to see him before the lights cut out and all civilians were supposed to be sequestered in their homes, because while he believed that he'd managed to brighten Peter's day a bit, he had a strong feeling that Peter would have far preferred the company of his own father to some random pilot. Especially if the father was as loving and protective as Sharon had indicated.
"Yep, that's the one," answered Peter. "He still seems kind of lost without it, actually. Almost like he's mourning for it."
Padding back to his lab, Tony set down his mug, tapping his monitors to life. He leaned back in his chair, studying the mockup of the nanite Captain America uniform he'd had JARVIS get started on while he was waiting for Steve's call.
"Don't you even fucking talk to me!" Tony shouted as he aimed his repulsor again. "I'm warning you, if you take one more step towards my son, I'm gonna—"
Tony studied the video, watching as the student repaired what appeared to be a severed set of arteries in a holographic patient's abdomen. While he could definitely see the advantage of learning a time-critical trauma surgery holographically than having to practise on patients in the heat of the moment, Tony couldn't hold back the shiver that raced down his spine at the rather dead look in the young woman's eyes, almost as though she was being possessed by something.
"Peter!" Steve said sharply as he grabbed onto Peter's bleeding arm, causing him to shriek and jerk his head, connecting the back of it directly with Steve's nose, with the sickening
And she even kissed his forehead when she tucked him in, just like Dad and Papa always did. Like Peter had told Ned, anyone who thought Natasha Romanoff was just a heartless, cold-blooded former KGB assassin didn't know the real her at all. She didn't let many people see her softer side, but to Peter she was the most sweet and loving woman he had ever met.
"There, see?" Steve said. He cupped Tony's face, pressing a slow kiss to his forehead. "Peter's fine, sweetheart. It was just a dream."
And apparently, a criminal who was helping to steal stuff from Damage Control, both from the inside and by attacking the convoys.
Uncle James was on another phone call when Peter got back to the living room, so he just gave him a quick wave and headed back to his bedroom, not really wanting him to see that he'd been crying.
But on the very next pass, Thanos managed to rip the cloak from his hand and grab Peter around the neck, slamming him onto the ground.
"Mmm. Only in the good ways." Mischief flashed in Steve's eyes as he slid his left leg up to hook around Tony's, flipping them over before Tony could get another word out.
"Peter! No!" Gamora cried as she stumbled backwards, barely able to keep herself from falling. She turned to look at Strange, her arms crossed over her abdomen. "What is happening?"
"There's no way you would've made it, honey," he forced past the lump in his throat. "No possible way."
"Pardon me, sir, but we're getting ready to close down," he said. "Blackout starts in forty-five minutes."
"Yeah, I know all about their goddamn protocols," he said. "I also know that if you or Phillips were in charge of everything instead of that asshole General O'Brien, things would be a lot different."
He shoved Steve's arm away, clearing his throat as he rolled onto his side. "Now, if you wanna say 'I told you so', then just do it now and get it over with. But don't you even think about trying to take me anywhere I don't wanna go, you got that?"
“General George West.  Deputy Chief of Staff of the Army,” Rhodey suddenly said.  “He’s a pretty good friend of yours, Mr Stane, isn't that correct?”
"Oh, really? Well, I'm sure we can find something to do to pass the time," Sam said. He reached for Bucky's hand, giving it a squeeze. "We've been wanting to head back down to New Orleans for a bit, and—"
"That's my boy." Tony glanced up at the clock on the wall, grimacing when he saw that it was already almost 1400. "I'm gonna try and get out of here in time to come by and see you, okay? But if I can't tonight then I'll for sure come tomorrow."
"But I'm gonna be worried about you now until you can call tonight," Gwen said once she released him. "I've never seen you like this before."
"Well, according to Uncle Thor, Nidavellir is actually a real place too," said Peter. He glanced furtively around the lunchroom, grateful that the rest of the students seemed to have resumed their own conversations. "He told me that's where his hammer was forged."
