“For the last time,” Clint said, his head falling back.  “It was not me.”
“I’m going to need you to stop doing that.”  Tony shoved a hand through his hair.  “All right?”
“Lots and lots of blues,” Steve agreed.  “Your dad tried to claim it was for him, but I saw the blue and knew that one was mine.”  He started up the stairs.  “Did you get my postcard?”
Sue looked up at Steve, her lips a thin line.  “So if I'm willing to sacrifice everyone else, as long as I can protect him, what does that say about me?  What does that make me, Steve?”
“Stop what?” he asked, grinning.  Jan muttered something that sounded like a curse, and Steve wrapped an arm around Tony's waist, pulling him away before they both ended up on the floor.
Tony raised his hand.  “Please save all questions to the end of the presentation,” Jan said, her voice chipper.
Tony kept a wary eye on Ty, even as Pepper slipped through the workshop door.  “Your father is looking for you,” she said, her voice apologetic.  “I had thought-”
“All the time,” Harris said.
“That, I can do.”  Steve took a deep breath.  “Promise me this isn’t another trap.
“Seven hundred people,” Tony said, and there was such warmth in his face, in his voice.  He smiled.  “We’ve got…  We’ve got a lot of pastry, Steve.”  His eyes flicked down.  “Don’t take it out on the hardware, Cap.”
"I want my legacy to be changed by this," Steve said. "Because I did the things I did. I fought for my country, I sacrificed-" He shook his head. "I sacrificed everything for my country, and more than that, for an ideal. Not for what we are, but what we can be. And in the end, I fully expected to die for that, Mr. Morrison. Nothing can change that."
His eyes shut.  He took a deep breath.  “You’re the only one who knows what you have to bear,” he said at last.  “No one else will ever know that.  The good ones, they’ll…  Try.  To understand.  Some people might actually get an idea.  The bad ones, they won’t bother.”
Steve kissed the side of his neck.  “And this.”  He touched the side of Tony’s left shoulder, high up, where it would be hidden by even a short sleeved shirt.  Where he couldn’t see it.  Three perfect pink balls, each wrapped in a dark green, saw-toothed leaf.  “I looked these up, you know.”
“At least I can figure out beer,” Steve said, waving the spoon through the air.  “Your wine collection confuses me.   Buy it.  Drink it.  Who makes a collection out of drink?”
“Less than impressive,” Bucky said.
“You knew,” Sam said, stalking after him.  “You goddamn bastard, you KNEW.”
He squared his shoulders, took a deep breath, and headed for the mistletoe.
Clint nodded, even as he shoveled food onto his plate, piling potatoes onto eggs and pancakes.  “How come you don’t have to wear a costume?” he asked, grabbing a sausage.
“What do you mean ‘we don’t tell you about that?’” Steve asked.  “Don’t tell me about WHAT?”
“Can we skip the history lesson?” Tony asked.  “I’ve heard it before.”  He jerked his hand back, and the king toppled over, clattering to the board.  “Dad liked to give me this exact lecture whenever I didn’t measure up, and you know it.”
“Cat's upstairs with DJ,” Steve said.
“Okay by me, my wings aren't stored ten floors down,” Jan said. To Sam, she mock-whispered, “Show me later.” To Steve, she said, “Darling, it's your choice. But if I didn't think he didn't want to hear it, I wouldn't be here. Encouraging you to say what you should've said, before you said 'I do.'”
Tony’s mouth went tight.  “Right. So this is your solution?  Spending your days upholding the system and your nights subverting it and all the while, trying to keep your head above water?”  He shook his head.  “How long until that kills you?”
Both of them looked up to find Rhodes standing in the door of the kitchen.  He was dressed casually, in pants and  long sleeve shirt rolled up to his elbows.  He glanced at Steve, giving him a polite smile and nod, but his attention was clearly on Miss Potts.  “It's late, Miss Potts.”
Shuri nodded.  “Then you remember the way?” she asked, voice amused.
Tony made a show of checking his watch. “You're going to miss the show at this rate,” he pointed out.
Sam gave him a flat look.  “He’s interested.”
“Well, this house sure is.”
“She considers this a personal failing on your part,” Sam told him.  He leaned back in his chair, bracing one foot on the side of Steve's bed.  “And she wants you to know that the reception's going off as planned, even if she has to strap you to a stretcher and drag you there herself.”
He looked up at the news director, who had a hand on his headset. “We're back in five.”
DJ looked up at Jarvis.  Jarvis sighed again, louder this time.  “It’s been eight days, sir.”
Tony’s mouth opened.  Closed.  “It was six.  Max,” he said at last.
“Which is not an answer, and yet, I think it tells me more than you intended to,” Steve said.
“As is his right, as the house’s cat,” Mrs. Parker said.  She fluffed Steve’s pillows.  “I’ve always wanted one.  But Mr. Stark seemed quite set against animals.”  She straightened up.  “I find I’m quite pleased with the changes DJ has made to the household already.”
“Sorry, I’m all closed up for the night,” Steve said, as she paused in front of his chalkboard, her head tipped to the side.  “I’ve still got water and some cookies.”
“Ugh,” Tony said, wandering into the bathroom.  “Tea.”
The kitchen took up most of the main floor, filled with gleaming, professional grade appliances, a huge double fridge and gas stove, surrounded by well-scrubbed counters.  A breakfast bar separated it from the rest of the room, a set of mismatched kitchen chairs and stools clustered along its short length.  On the butcher block island, the older man was setting out trays of massive, golden brown cinnamon rolls.  The younger man gave Tony a wry smile.  “Hey,” he said.  “How're you feeling?”
“Now, Miss Van Dyne-” Obie started, but Thor leaned forward.
“You asked Steve for advice,” Carol said, her voice flat.  Greer nodded.  “Dating advice.”  Greer nodded again.  “Baby.  Baby, no.”
Tony unbuttoned his jeans, his lips curling up in a slow, achingly hot smile.  “Then I'll make it up to you now,” he said, and Steve's brain shut down.
“How many of those damn things did Agatha give you?” his Tony asked him, glaring at Clint over the top of his phone. It beeped again, and he scowled down at it.
“Eh,” Tony said, and Steve grinned against the skin of his neck.  Tony tipped his head to the side, giving him free rein.  “I’d say it doesn’t even count as a fight, but God, I like the makeup sex.”  Steve choked on a laugh, and Tony chuckled against his hair.  “And so do you, let’s not pretend otherwise..”
"I did not spend half an hour doing my hair so that I could let Mother Nature make a hash of it," she said, her voice tart.  She held up the tablet in her hand.  "Tony, darling, I need to borrow some tableware."
“I’d say he’s your problem, but honestly, he’s very calming,” Darcy said, her hands on her hips.  “Let’s go, Drew.”
“Okay, not my best plan,” Clint said, and Phil gave a bark of laughter. “Right.  How did you-”
DJ rolled over, making a displeased sound under his breath, and Jarvis drew himself up, wrapping his dignity around him like another layer of clothing.  “This is not a place for sleeping,” he said, his voice stern, and DJ opened one eye, peering up at Jarvis.  Jarvis gave him a stern look.  “Up we go, young man.”
“How much did he drink?” Steve asked, amused despite himself.
Steve grinned at the ceiling.  "I'd say you were enthusiastically inebriated," he said.  Tony groaned again, longer and deeper this time, and Steve reached out to pat him lightly on the shoulder.  "Pretty sure we were drinking drain cleaner."
“I do not know why I'm awake right now.”
Tony bent back over his food.  “Nothing.  Just always a little surprised every time I see you use chopsticks.”
“I’ll leave it to you in my will, and T’Challa didn’t have a problem with it,” Tony pointed out.
A ball of paper arced through the air, hitting him in the back of the head.  Without looking, he pointed behind him.  “I know that was you, Rhodes, and I accept your disrespect as a sign of your innate jealousy.”
Tony stared at him.  “Fascinating,” he said.
She shifted in her seat, the light of the street lamps flickering over her as they sped through the streets.  “Someone doesn’t know the rules, it turns out.  Or, more likely, someone doesn’t care.”
He already knew the answer.
She wagged a finger at him.  “And it’s just as good, I’m sure.”
“Manners, sir,” Jarvis said.
“You here for him?”
Tony rocked back in the chair.  “We don't-”
"Stay?"
Of course, with the wisdom of age, Tony now wondered how many mornings his father had been just nursing a hangover.
The lights in the kitchen were on.
The screams built, pressing in on on sides, and Tony barely noticed.  He lashed out with a foot, catching the man in the side of the knee, following that up with an elbow to the face.  They went down, Tony stumbling to his knees as the man flailed backwards, towards the street.  The gun stabilized, coming around, and Tony was on his knees, was out of space, was out of tricks.
Franklin pushed himself up into a sitting position, his eyes narrowed into slits.  “I like girls just fine,” he said.  “You're not a girl.  You're a SISTER.”
"You do realize that's what he usually does, right?" Steve told him.
“I'm about to share my living space with a man that I've been having very dirty dreams about since the age of thirteen,” Tony said.  He rolled his head in Rhodey's direction.  “A man I am now married to.”
“It's not happening.”
“Well, that’s a damn lie, Phil,” Clint said.  He gave Phil a slight, lopsided smile, and it was soft and easy, and Phil smiled back.  “Dinner?”
"No."
“Then I musta been in the other half,” Steve bit out.  “Stark. Is he-”
Steve glanced at his shield.  “Noticed that, did you?” he asked, pushing a hand through his hair.
“Yeah, I can see that now.”  He waved a hand at DJ's room.  “Can I come in?”
“Right,” Ellen said.  She clicked her email again.  Just to be sure.
“You okay?” the photographer asked, her eyes sliding in his direction.
“In that no one will know you’re wearing that piece of trash?” Tony asked. “Yes.  That’s a plus.”
Tony gave the letter a suspicious look.  “Who’s paying for that?”
Tony rolled the ring between his fingers, savoring the perfect balance and weight of it.  He wanted it.  He knew it was stupid, it was beyond stupid, but he wanted it.  His fingers closed over the ring.  “Jarvis, can you get Steve to-”
“But you’re going to walk it,” she said.  She slapped her hat against her thigh, and slipped it back into place with a fluid twist of her wrist.  “And I’ll come with you.”
“It's not porn, and I thought 'host club' was a, I don't know, a metaphor!” Steve said.  He wadded up his napkin and threw it at Tony.  Tony ducked.
Steve eyed the clock on the stove, which flashed
Tony pulled out another joint, passing it to his friend, who grinned devilishly. “I hear that, must’ve been just after college we last did this, Tones,” the man grinned, lighting the end of the joint.
The morphine had begun to wear off the moment Tony ripped out his IV, which he kind of deserved for doing so, and he clenched his teeth impossibly tight trying to suppress a groan from the wound, with was now leaning less toward ’
Grunting in frustration and feeling the sudden build up of panic and dread, Tony did the only rational thing he could think of, and lunged.
Rhodey just listened to the fuss his friend was making, smiling and shaking his head fondly as he got up from the fireplace where a reasonable fire was now starting to burn, and set down next to Sam where Barnes had not long been sitting.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
who was he kidding.
“Daddy you said we couldn’t sit on'the counter!”
Bucky snorted. “Tired? Right, that’s not code for anything.”
Tony looked up at him from underneath his dark lashes, sending a wave of electricity down Steve’s spine.
“Can’t take this guy anywhere,” he drawled playfully. Sam eyed him dubiously, a quirk playing on the corner of his mouth. “See, if you landed on your own two feet instead of - you know - your fuckin’ face, we might’ve had a slightly smoother exit back there.”
with you, and you’re laughing at me?”
Sweet child o’ mine
“Guessing we should eat?” Sam mused, looking expectantly at the others.
“He ain’t never been righteous, pal,” Bucky drawled, joining them on the floor. “He’s been picking fights and doin’ joints longer that you’ve been a moron”.
Bucky and Steve look up dubiously at the pair, before Bucky spoke up in a low, steady tone.
Tony scoffed, looking a little flushed. “You
What happened next had Steve’s jaw practically on the floor.
Tony looked up and noticed Barnes had directed the question at him, all eyes on his expectantly. Tony set his spoon down and leant back in his chair, considering.
Tony woke to the steady sound of beeping and a smell of disinfectant. God, he thought, what did we do this time? Without opening his eyes, he rolled to one side, noting a pulling sensation on his arm.
“Oh, my God,”
“Oh, please, we’ve done it at least every year on your birthday, honey - don’t act like a patron saint-”
the fact they hadn’t gone overseas, so) - the pair had already planned their escape. Sure, Nat would give the grunts some credit; A-plus for the abduction, but everything else…
Tony groaned softly into his mouth, making Steve’s weak. He placed a hand at the small of Tony’s back, his other hand still in Tony’s hair, as he tipped the other man backwards and leant forward. He might have been anxious about being rejected, but now, kissing Tony was all the affirmation Steve needed to jump into action, all his previous hesitation replaced with a searing
Steve let out a surprised laugh, already comforted by her presence. In all this…
“Nothing ever actually
Steve had reached out to Tony, thought he other man was still hurting, and in truth Steve was too. But no matter how much Tony seemed to blow his fuse with the other man, how he took things badly and snapped, they seemed to be settling on even grounds again.
,” he waved at the device he made, “is going to stop covering up our tracks in about five, so…”
they were close. It just… it was nice, being able to share that part of yourself with someone when you’re hiding it from the rest of the world. Also, Nat was outrageously funny, and he knew she thought the same of him. They just
“As lovely as it is to see you all again - Wanda, I put some of those books you liked on the coffee table - I think I districtly remember you saying there was some urgent Hydra business involving secret Nazi programmes from World War Two,” Laura said, waving a hand around around too casually for the topic of conversation.
, Tony, you were stabbed - through and through - and you’re more worried about Steve?” Natasha hissed, pointedly glaring at him again when she noticed the stitches.
“FRIDAY, do –
“Jesus- you don’t think he knows, do you? Or -
The other members of the team hadn’t seen it. Tony hadn’t let any photos be leaked of him shirtless after Afghanistan, which was actually rather easy, since he barely took his shirt off at home, let alone in public. Quite frankly, Tony preferred it that way - he already felt like he was the weak link of the bunch, the liability, in some ways. He didn’t need to give them all another reason to think less of him. He wouldn’t be able to stand that look on Steve’s face.
Bucky was never a deep sleeper, especially after the war. Hearing the crunch of snow distantly outside woke him in an instant; he was surprised to see Tony awake - there was no way Tony with his regular hearing would have heard the approaching ambush, but perhaps a part of him sensed it, or whatever, Bucky thought.
Steve was beyond confused, but oddly hopeful for the first time in
Steve was trying
Tony stilled, but after a few moments leaned into his touch, eventually laying his head down on Steve’s shoulder. Steve bit his lip to stop himself grinning like a mad-man.
At the same time Thor laughed outrageously and Clint scowled at the man, covering Lila and Cooper’s ears, Steve shoved is friend good-naturedly, breaking the other man’s stoic expression into a devious smirk.
Tony hadn’t stopped practising. He’d just stopped practising with
, she could do it), but actually got into a defensive stance, a wicked grin on her face.
“Here,” Steve knelt down beside Tony, while the others were pottering around, casting cautious looks out the windows and preparing some kind of herbal tea.
, is it?” he mimicked, looking just as happily surprised as Nat felt.
feel bitter?”
“I’m afraid we don’t have the jurisdiction to disclose that information, sir.” Tony supplied - he made a living for the first half of his life bullshitting to a board of directors and wealthy benefactors - he could pull a lie from his ass when he needed.
Their peaceful equilibrium was disturbed with the sudden arrival of Thor, who greeted them both brightly - smiling even brighter at Steve when he noticed the pan.
“I’m not! I’m just saying its not very democratic of you-”
– by his side.
“You idiots almost set yourselves on
perceptive - just easily distracted. But the brunette made no suggestion that he had noticed, or was interested.
“Hey,” Tony said, not looking up as he fiddled with the wiring, “What’s up?”
“The psycho assumed he got him, so we rolled with it, staged the fake private-funeral, and the guy came out of hiding – he gets cocky when he gets the outcome he wants from us,”
The blade, made from vibranium and now coated in Tony’s blood, was retracted from Tony’s torso with a sickening slick noise.
Throwing his battered helmet to the ground, Tony skidded to a stop next to Steve, who was was dangerously pale and had a trail of blood coating one side of his face, matting his beautiful blonde locks his forehead. His lips were blue, and Tony felt dread corse through him like ice in his veins.
Couldn’t argue with that. Wetting his lips, Steve just decided
“Fuck off, do you want honey in your tea?”
Oh, Tony had been talking to him.
Which they hadn’t been for almost a month now. It wouldn’t have been so bad, had New York not currently undergoing a typhoon, as Clint labelled it. Relentless onslaughts of hail and rain had poured down over the city, dragging the days and nights on into one grey, gloomy block of time.
’. Steve noticed, pulling Tony closer to his body and brushing a hand through his hair - it was getting long now, he noted, flopping over his eyes half the time.
Rhodey of course got to stretch his legs out across a sofa to himself, and Clint occupied the other to take any strain of his ribs that he might’ve gotten sleeping on the floor. Sam took the pillows of the armchairs and made himself a makeshift mattress, which no one complained about given the state of his arm.
“Nah, but you might if you don’t get that disinfected.” Tony said as he nodded casually at the gash in Clint’s other side where his quiver had dug into him on impact of their less-than-graceful landing.
“Wasn’t like you and Barnes didn’t have your own plans going on,”
He and Bucky bumped their fists together under the table.
Tony wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist, flicking his tongue over the man’s bottom lip, feeling heat pool in his belly and his insides go gooey.
God, if he could wake up in a world where they’d finally, finally gotten rid of Hydra, he might be able to walk around with a lighter weight on his shoulders.
“Oh?” Nat schooled her expression and glanced towards the group, who were currently lifting Bucky in the air and throwing him into the water while he cursed them.
he was skirting around, too.
Tony tried to feign nonchalance, rubbing his hand through his messy hair – it was starting to curl at the nape of his neck, Steve noted absently.
Tony lost track of how long he was doing this, performing it like a ritual, like it was his religion, before he took in a final mouthful of oxygen. Tony himself was beginning to feel lightheaded, the space they occupied becoming scarcer of oxygen and filling with ash and debris. Nonetheless, Tony persisted and breathed for Steve again and again until-
Steve pressed Tony against another wall just before the entrance of his bedroom - forgetting completely it wasn’t just his right now - biting at the man’s lips, sucking on his tongue, winding his hands through soft brown locks. Tony wrapped his legs round Steve’s waist, rocking forward desperately, heaving in breathes between frantic kisses.
“I was just special and different-”
“Tell us what” He bit out - it wasn’t a question.
Clint forward and onto the mat, rounding off the attack by landing firmly on his feet.
Another large and ominous sound echoed underneath Tony and the agent, before Tony’s eyes met his, panicked and wide, and Steve barely had a moment to call for Tony’s name before the ice gave way and the two men out on the ice went crashing though the surface into the freezing cold mercy depths below.
“But why the-” Tony finished Clint’s sentence for him.
The minutes passed by painfully slow, the four of them taking up positions where they could aim into the corridor, taking shots at over-confident agents. Eventually, a ping rang from the computer, indicating the signal was sent.
“Wait-
“He drank you under the fuckin’ table, man!” Sam cackled, swinging off of Thor’s other arm.
“C’mon, man,” he heard the Colonel murmur, “for her, yeah?”
Steve would laugh at the expression on Tony’s face under any other circumstance - torn between shock, mild horror, and confusion - but right now, all he could do was wince back.
"Hey! This shit-hole was build personally for your use, you ingrate!” Tony hollered after him.
It was moving -
“We’ll talk about it another time then, when you’re not
Steve’s heart thumped in his chest when he realised Tony sounded disappointed, with a pointed edge to his tone that suggested there was
“Perhaps you haven’t heard. Men are idiots - yes, that includes you. But you have the advantage of not being a straight man, so that’s one thing,” she joked, smiling when a genuine laugh came from her friend.
Wordlessly, FRIDAY ensured the door was locked and turned the lights up a fraction, just enough to see – which Tony was hugely thankful for, since after Steve set him down on the sofa, he pulled his shift off to reveal his naked torso.
“You had one job, Tony, and you didn’t even finish it - all you had to do was turn it on!”
this?”
Not before long, Bucky and Natasha established their area as clear, before going to regroup with Steve. Jogging through the uneven landscape, kicking up snow as they went, they heard a large commotion ahead. Speeding up their pace, they emerged in a small clearing before Natasha suddenly came to a stop, red locks falling in front of her pale features, flushed pink from the biting cold, framing her face delicately.
over there,” he pointed at the corner of one of the many floating screens, and just as he said, the folder glared back at them unimpressively, “So, we’re left with the question, why does an incredibly advanced computer system from an equally advanced illegal agency have duplicate files that aren’t even under the same tags?”
, my dear.”
Steve couldn't help but sag in relief for the distraction, but felt his stomach swoop horribly when he noticed Tony hadn’t even looked his way from where he was leaning into Nat.
He thought back to just a few days earlier, after Tony and Nat returned from their brunch outing and called him down to the workshop. Tony had been sat on top of one of the workbenches, while Nat was leaning back precariously in a chair, casually cleaning her nails with the tip of a bayonet.
“Don’t,”
“You called me ‘red peril’ just last week.”
“Yeah, yeah, I’m already making enough for everyone bud.”
Problem was he didn’t know any Italian that wasn’t written on the menu of an Italian restaurant, limiting his knowledge to types of pasta, cheese, and tomatoes.
“I concentrated real hard.”
“Are you- I don’t know- okay? Angry? Sad- are you sad, I don’t know how to deal with Sad Steve. And watch your language”
Natasha was excruciatingly familiar to life-threatening situations. Even before unifying the Avengers, she had endured enough shit to last most people several lifetimes. Nowadays, it took a lot to surprise her. Sure, she was never bored on missions, nor were they necessarily predictable; but she had learned a long time ago to expect the unexpected, to always,
“He won’t go into critical condition under too much strain, unlike you, and he can still move his limbs,” Steve shrugged a backpack on over his thick jacket and uniform, securing his shield to his forearm, “and he’s kinda important for the whole getting help thing.”
“You one say that because he gets you off,”
Tony shifted uncomfortably, pulling at the fabric covering his battered chest. If Natasha noticed - which she certainly did - she didn’t say anything.
Nat wanted to rebuff that statement but held out a little longer. Tony wet his lips, and continued, albeit a little softer.
“I’m sorry, Steve, I’m so, so sorry you wouldn’t believe - that rhymed, sorry, I’m not trying to be clever of whatever -
“Flip that before it burns,” Sam observed from his left, casting him a look that clearly meant
) and Tony heard the muffled sound of a gunshot spit through the silence on the night air. Looking back at Rhodey for a moment, Tony thought
“Oh, good. I’ve just
“I do, yeah,” Steve looked down at his feet, kicking snow out his way, pushing on. The Hyrda base was two miles away now, Nat leading the way, followed by Tony, the rear brought up by Steve and Bucky. Luckily for Steve, the wind was coming towards them, so their voices wouldn’t be carried to Tony’s ears.
Tony caught Steve’s lip between his teeth, sucking at it irresistibly, while Steve pulled Tony by the hips. The blonde then pushed Tony back against the surface of the bar, absently knocking shot glasses to the floor - oblivious to the way to crystal shattered against the tile. Steve climbed over Tony, running his hands over the man’s body, mouthing at his olive skin.
It tore Steve apart to do this to his friend, his best friend. But it was necessary.
“...Do you like men, period?”
“But I’m not as capable as you, got it.”
, it’s gonna take a few minutes to send.”
“Uh, you good, Cap?”
“How come they gets to do it and’er bein’ all gross ‘n
Steve nodded at Sam, then turned to look at Tony who - despite having a huge purple bruise forming over the bridge of his nose and around his eyes - looked at him determinedly.
“You look better, despite all that,” he motioned at the various stains on Tony from the oil, who just laughed softly in return.
“Yeah,” Steve said, voice raw and painful, “I know, Tony,”
Steve yanked the smaller man back down with a hysterical laugh of his own, feeling his smile crease the corners of his eyes. Tony flopped back onto the floor next to him, snorting loudly before humming contently. Tony looked over at Steve, a playful glint in his eye.
“Do you have a problem with Morocco, Stark?” Steve asked, brows drawn together tightly.
Tony huffed out a laugh, rolling his eyes.
Natasha watched with a growing sense of fondness at the scene before her, then becoming acutely aware of someone watching her - not that she let it show. Her and James hadn’t ever really spoken since Bucky was just Bucky and not the Winter Soldier. There was a time when she’d have given anything to see him again, to speak to him alone because he was hers. Now, she wasn’t even sure he truly remembered her. He looked as if he recognised her, the same way you recognise a stranger you passed on the street in a dream. He looks at her as if trying to figure something out, which he undoubtably is, but Natasha doesn’t give anything away.
And see an ounce of pain
Steve watched Tony carefully, trying not to seem too awed by the other man speaking beautifully in flawless Italian. Steve had known Maria was Italian, but he hadn’t been aware that much had passed on to Tony. He supposed he should have seen it; his dark, full hair, his tanned complexion, the way spoke with his hands so passionately, the way his body moved so fluidly, seductively, making Steve’s mouth dry and his palms sweaty…
“Interesting… so that’s why you’ve been so sulky. You were jealous of
“Exactly,” Bucky huffed, “didn’t wanna deal with that shit,”
Nat pressed her face against the cool glass of the back window, willing herself to stay awake.
Steve had his back, though.
as well?”
Clint had been in hysterics at the guy’s face, doubling over in the middle of the sidewalk.
After a few moments, it became clear neither of them had any intention to back away, and Steve pulled on Tony’s hips, sliding him towards the edge of the counter and flush against his body. A few blissful minutes passed of deep, passionate kissing, when the sound of little footsteps tottered into the kitchen, before sharply turning to yell into the living room.
“Hold up, we didn’t even get a vote-!” Tony piped up. Around him, the others were excitedly jogging off to their quarters, presumably to pack their things.
amount of sugar,” Steve huffed, enjoying the way he could feel Tony’s laugh go through him while they sat this closely.
“S'gonna get even colder soon, did you manage to get much from the wreckage?” He spoke quietly, yet could be heard as clear as a bell.
He pushed open the bathroom door, stopping short when he saw Tony waiting outside.
Clint trailed in not long after, followed by Bucky, then Sam and Rhodey - all freshly showered having done a few rounds in the gym. Steve wasn’t watching the doorway waiting for anyone else to emerge. Nope. Not bothered at-
The moonlight made the snow outside glow softly, subtly illuminating parts of the cabin. Tony shifted to sit up slightly, careful not to press on his new stitches thanks to Steve. For a guy with large hands, Steve had a remarkable skill for detail, probably because of all the time he spent sketching privately.
They had all been ridiculously tired and hurt - Tony assumed the only chance of it still being dark when he woke up was if he slept until the next evening, which it definitely was not. No way would the others have let him sleep that long, they enjoy distrusting his sleep far too much.
“Sounds like a plan,” Tony drawled, already headed upstairs, “Meet down here in twenty, we’ll head out someplace down by the sea,” and with that, they departed to go freshen themselves up.
“You’re
Steve didn’t buy that it made anyone hotter, per se, but he had to admit, it just made everything look so ethereal. Tony, in particular, Steve thought, looked positively beguiling. He’d let his hair grow out longer, allowing for it the slight curl at the nape of his neck and partly over his forehead; after being in the water, any hope of product keeping it in place was gone, instead, leaving it to naturally loll and curl in a way that made him look so
“No, but things were getting a little predictable don’t you think?”
They settled into a comfortable almost-silence, the sound cutlery scraping against crockery, the sounds from the street outside filling the room like music, while the occasional moments of chatter built up among them.
They all settled into their regular sparring routine, going up in pairs, sometimes deciding on going for two-on-two. Steve couldn’t help but notice Nat leaning over to Tony, whispering things to him in between sets. Steve felt bad for punching Buck a
“Director Fury wants to have a word with the Avengers briefly, ma'am.”
And pray for the thunder
are you
Tony looked up at him through his lashes, half of his face illuminated by the low ebb of the fireplace opposite them. He was beautiful – this close Steve noted the freckles dotted over the bridge of his nose, the strands of grey hairs growing from his temples, each individual lash that framed his dark eyes.
“Real question is how long have I been able to speak English, birdbrain,”
Tony had kept his gauntlets on, and the reactor of course, and was currently in the process of trying to boot them back up. Without the reactor at full capacity though, it was a long and tedious process.
“What the-”
It was comfortable. She and Tony over the past few months had accumulated that sort of friendship - they could be physically affectionate all the while hurling petty insults at each other like children. It was nice, and something she didn’t have with many people especially beyond the team. People were scared of her, which she didn’t exactly try and deter since it worked in her favour. But still, she’s still human, and it was just such a relief to have people
, and maybe it wouldn’t if I was as strong or skilled as they all are without the suit, but obviously there's a significant difference in abilities between me and the rest of them, so… so I’d rather laugh it off and pretend I don’t give a shit when I fuck up than to actually
“Colonel! Can you manage?” Steve had yelled over his shoulder as he neared the bay doors with Sam. Rhodey and Tony were a few short paces behind, both armed but weighed down by the armour they hadn’t been able to scramble out of in time.
“I would expect someone with as many PhDs as you to have at least slightly better judgement, Tony!”
The soldier breathed heavily, clenching a fist in Tony’s hair, before kissing back enthusiastically. After a few intoxicating moments, Steve scooped Tony up into his arms, and pushed him up onto the bar, absently sliding the drapes shut and flicking the lights off as he went, while Tony mouthed on his earlobe menacingly.
!” Tony groaned dramatically, grasping his hand over his newly adjusted nose. The others just chucked around him, until their laughter grew louder and more hysterical. Tony’s groaning turned to giggles, though the occasional fuck hiccuped between them.
) while Tony gently took them off him and stacked them away in the cabinets. When the last one was done, Steve had looked up at him with the grace of a smile on his lips, a few wayward strands of his golden hair drooping over his forehead.
Buck shone a torch through the building, casting it over metal girders, beams, blocks of cement, and then two bodies, one slumping over the other. Nat noticed too, and they quickly covered the distance, coming to a stop by the two bodies.
They hadn’t bothered to check in with the cabin at the front of the site with the large ‘reception’ sign hanging off it. Sure, they’d pay for it and then some afterwards, but they had to assume they were still being pursued or even at risk of facing a separate ambush if anyone else were to realise that two Avengers were vulnerable and alone. So checking into a guest book didn’t really scream ‘good idea’.
Clint considered him for a moment, before nodding.
This left Bucky, Nat, Tony, and Steve to lie on the rug in the middle. For a while they lead awkwardly, trying their upmost to avoid nudging each other, until Nat sighed and let her head roll onto Tony’s shoulder. She felt him tense momentarily underneath her, until relaxing and turning to face her slightly, enjoying the warmth radiating off her small frame. Eventually Steve and Bucky let go of their reluctance and settled into the others, shifting comfortably until the adrenaline of the day wore off, and they succumbed to sleep.
, but-”
. As far as he could tell, it bothered literally no one else. Get over it, for the love of-
“Sorry! I’m sorry, just… ‘yep’? Not even a normal ‘yes’, just ‘yep’ - that’s how you come out to me?” She cackled, which was probably ridiculous. It wasn’t even that funny, but, in that moment, she just felt so light and - God help her -
“You made a sex-tape with Perez Hilton? Gross, man” Clint snorted as he came to perch on the back of the sofa, facing the table Tony and Steve were sat at.
The crack of bone breaking reverberated through the trees, and the third agent panicked momentarily before Steve shot him between the eyes in one graceful movement.
Tony’s head shot up so fast he almost gave himself whiplash. Steve was awake, and smiling at him. Why, why was he smiling? Tony wasn’t fast enough, he could have gotten Steve killed-
The others watches as Clint sprinted out the waters, almost crying with laughter as Tony spluttered to the surface - clothes sticking to him like a second skin.
“Aw, come on, Bruce! I thought you were the nice one!”
Their first session consisted of quite a gentle warm-up, some simple ballet moves and stretches that looked a lot more difficult than they were. But, then again, maybe she really was just that good a teacher. Midway through, when they stopped to have a drink and a breather, she looked at him curiously.
The fire was slowly simmering down too, but Steve had never felt warmer.
“You’ve never shown me!”
Clint swore, tossing his cards at the pair before throwing his arms up, exasperated.
They were going to Morocco.
She laughed easily, feeling herself start to slump in her seat. “Be useful for once and help me get up, would you?”
Tony bristled at the new voice, shifting in his spot.
“I wasn’t-! I was just, observing, and in thought.”
” Came Clint’s voice hollering through the tree’s. He was a few yards in front of the cabin entrance, absolutely seething. Storming forward, Clint hooked an arm round Tony and wordlessly helped Nat take him inside.
be really interesting, right?), was how close Tony and Nat were. Natasha was lying back between Tony’s legs, one of his arms thrown over her stomach, his other hand twirling her hair. They were talking, and had it not been for the sounds of screaming from the TV and his teammates' idle chatter and intermittent laughter, he’d
Steve was hand-drying the last of the dishes (even though the dishwasher was
, just that it’s rude-”
His feelings for Tony had never really gone. He pushed them down when he did what he had to do; but now, bringing things back together, he couldn’t keep the lid on much longer. After Tony had saved his skin, fallen in the ice for him, Steve could feel his effort to talk to Tony weren’t hopeless. Just maybe, the other man had been deflecting as his own way of keeping a lid on his emotions.
That earned him a steely glare from Tony, who shrugged off Steve’s arm and stood up just as the bay doors firmly closed behind them with a small hiss.
“Where in the
“So the guy in the glasses.”
“She tied them to a rock, too - those things are long gone,” Jane looked mildly apologetic over her shoulder, just as Clint through his hands up in the air.
Steve watched as Tony broke of a chunk of ice around the skirting of the bunker, bringing it up to his nose, hissing but then sighing with relief at the cold press. The bruising had darkened considerably, but his eyes still stood out from his face.
“Months-?!”
“That was, like, seventy-per cent you doing the bleeding.”
“I mean- it’s not your fault, you haven’t done anything wrong, you’re just so, modest?” Tony raised his eyebrows at that; not at the way it had been posed as a question, but the fact no one had every called Tony Stark modest.
Finally, to the right, a smaller room upon raised floor was home to a spiral staircase that lead upstairs to the bedrooms, followed by an archway that extended the wing into a moderately sized kitchen.
did he get that idea from?! I can’t even tell you how far off base you are with that one, Cap, but wow I’m not letting Sam live that down-”
He thought back to when his friendship with Nat really took off, while Buck was still the Winter Soldier and Sam just a friendly acquaintance. Since then, he’d gotten his best friend back, made a new best friend with Sam, and felt as though he was one of the few people that Nat not only trusted but was openly herself to. This… this was just Tony and Nat’s own friendship solidifying. God, she was allowed to be close to other people, especially Tony.
“Can’t stop a runaway train,” Steve agreed playfully, dodging to the side when Tony kicked his foot out at him.
Steve watched after them with a fond smile playing at his lips, before striding over to join them.
“He’ll stay put,” Sam spoke up, waltzing over to the table where the team were gathering together what supplies they had salvaged - dividing it into what was useful and what they could sacrifice to Tony to be disembowelled of its technological innards.
“Nah, it’s fine, Tony,” the blonde said, stacking the plate he’d been holding into the shelf beside him. “If you’ve gotta stay here n’ clean while the others go out for your little poker-scam back there, I’ll keep you company,” Steve quipped, earning a snort from Tony.
“Sure, okay,” Tony said, looking at his cards. Tony looked up at them and gave them a shit-eating grin, before quickly schooling his expression into something neutral. It was the oldest trick in the book - a double-bluff, acting disappointed after pretending to be happy at a hand. Steve had to stop himself smiling - it was kind of adorable.
“I wasn’t the only one who noticed the shift between us then,” Tony said softly, chancing a steady smile at Steve. The blonde looked down at the smaller man, and tightened his grip.
“C'mon Sam, don’t flatter yourself, you aren’t all that hard to carry you know” Steve smiled at his friend, who returned the expression albeit slightly twisted in pain. “And he landed in his arm, not his face, Clint.”
By now, Tony wasn’t even sure how many sessions they’d had together, but
The agent rolled Tony over onto his back and swung a meaty just at Tony’s nose, grinning when it crunched under the impact. Tony kneed the guy in the groin, turning them both over again and began beating the agent again and again and again until he saw blood. Steve stood frozen for a few precious moments before running forward - and gracelessly slipping on ice.
hope I’ve not read things wrong here-”
That earned a snort from Steve, who finished up wrapping his arm when Clint plonked himself down on the bench opposite Sam. The archer tsked as he adjusted his quiver, loosening it up off his shoulder, shaking his head slowly.
Steve resisted the urge to blush, feeling Tony’s eyes on him.
“I’m happy now, I like being… me. I don’t feel like I need to date anyone,” she replied. She meant it as well, it wasn’t just some lame excuse like the kind Steve always gave her when she attempted to set him up. “If I meet someone I like, you’ll be the first to know, then you can pay for our date. Happy?”
Natasha stepped up on the ladder on the side of the bunker, lifting the trap door, motioning Bucky to follow her. They couldn’t go in, guns blazing this time. They had to be tactical. Natasha and Bucky had the best stealth training, they’d go in, take out four guards, and take their uniforms.
been enjoying it so far.”
“Right, so… do you ever get, I don’t know… bitter?”
Clint openly smiled at Tony, approaching him and pulling an arm round his shoulders. “He ain’t lying, babe, he’s kinda weird like that. Likes pulling things apart and sticking them back together - it’s his thing, just go with it,” he whispered sarcastically, earning a snort from Tony.
“What the hell does
“But?” Steve smiled, leaning heavily against the doorframe, completely comfortable in his own skin, clad in just a bath-towel wrapped round his waist.
, Steve, I…”
“What in the
Tony eyed him, a stern expression over his face, willing Steve to keep his mouth shut.
Steve suddenly became acutely aware that they were both extremely naked, wrapped up in each other’s bodies – and at some point had asked FRIDAY to turn on the fireplace (looking back, it may have been a bit over-kill on the romance).
, he’d realised. Moments after he’d come in, Rhodey entered the shop as well, taking one look at his friend and drawing the same conclusion Clint had just made:
Tony howled with laughter, his friend looking at the pair incredulously, unable to keep his own hysterics contained.
Tony sipped his coffee, Nat’s eyes on him as he did so.
“Lie down.” He ordered, looking at Tony expectantly. When Tony stood up, Steve’s eyes widened at the growing patch of blood emerging from Tony’s abdomen.
Steve barely had a second to bark out a command to hold on before another blast rung through the jet, and the second engine failed on them. Steve felt his stomach suspended until it made a sickening drop and the jet plummeted downwards. Natasha unbuckled herself from the pilot seat, and in an instant as lunging behind the cockpit, hauling Tony with her and pushing Rhodes backwards with the force she exerted. Tony yelped before springing into action and holding onto his best friend, dragging them both to the back of the jet where Barnes was currently punching in an emergency code to open the bay doors.
Steve laughed as he walked around the counter to brew the kettle, now finished boiling. “Honey?”
“God, don’t pull that face, it’s not near as assuring as you think it is.” Rhodey laughed softly, then directed his attention to Nat.
“Right, uh, I wasn’t quite sure if you caught the memo,” Steve said, awkwardly scratching at the back of his neck.
You were under strict bed-rest until further notice-”
“No, but I put up with it.”
you’d bring that up, you always-!”
,” Tony pointed at her playfully, ignoring Lila’s tongue poking out at him between a gap-toothed smile. “I thought we were friends,” he hissed.
“Where’re you going?” Sam called after him.
“I’ll do you one better, there’s pizza on the jet.”
His body landed with a ear-splitting crack on the ground, and for a moment everything stopped.
“I know, I know, but you guys were hanging out so much, were so
“Unless you’re planning to cook for everyone else, I’d hurry up with that if I were you before the rabble gets here,” Bruce commented, smiling over the rim of his mug as he brought it to his lips, “they’ll demand to be fed as well.”
could of gone better-”
return Steve’s affections, Clint began to feel the faintest bit hopeful for his friend. And a little smug. What? It was dramatic irony, or whatever, knowing something that no else could see yet.
It was only enhanced by the fact that he now gazed at the man through rose-tinted glasses. Well, that was a stretch, because glasses or not, Tony was astonishing.
. That was fine, it wasn’t like they had to run it past him. Rhodey knew, that was fine. Steve didn’t at all feel the bottom of his stomach drop while his throat simultaneously tightened, nor did he have the urge to grit his teeth or
After patching themselves up, scarfing down their food and swallowing down painkillers, Nat supposed that she’d been in far worse situations after being held captive. Hell, she knew Tony had.
“It worked didn’t it?!”
“Is that french toast?”
“Your point being…?”
IT ACTUALLY WORKED-!”
“This ain’t motor oil,” he grunted solemnly, holding out the helmet for Natasha to see more clearly in the light. The substance on it was scarlett in colour, and not as viscous as any oil.
“Shy all 'a sudden, Stark?” Steve drawled, a twang of his Brooklyn accent seeping into his words. Tony merely looked unimpressed, but the awkward twitch of his fingers under the table made Steve  pity him, and he dropped the snark.
“You’re coming with me,”
“You and Tony aren’t dating?”
Natasha stared, then a stifled laugh came out before she could catch it with her free hand.
“We’re under strict instructions to send an urgent message to headquarters.” She lied easily, without a trace of any American accent.
“Ha!”
, that is.
“Holy shit, holy shit, Tony,” the man moaned, hips jutting forwards as if they had a mind of their own.
They’d decided to head off the following evening, getting one last day of rest before heading over to Switzerland, where they were sure they’d find Hydra sticking their noses into other people’s business.
“I… wanted to see if we have things in common.”
“Me liking you
“Do you like someone?”
Tony’s eyes darted to the door, but then Steve was right there, face inches away from his own, and staring him down, looking for any trace of a lie. Steve was stood between Tony’s legs now, which hung motionless over the edge of the counter. His neck was tilted back slightly, looking up to meet the Captain’s startlingly blue eyes, which flicked over the genius’ face, taking it all in.
“What?” Clint asked.
cared for walk away.
Bucky was waiting for them at the bay doors, watching his teammates’ backs as they drew nearer to the jet, using a sniper-rifle to pick out hydra agents who were getting too close for comfort. Clint and Natasha eventually joined him, Nat starting up the engine ready for a hasty retreat.
“Speaking from experience?”
As if they thought of rain
Clint’s daughter, Lila, had a wry look on her face when she looked back at them. She knew exactly what she was doing.
, no, S.H.I.E.L.D’s dropping them off,”
Steve fumbled for the right words, already seemingly offending Tony twice already. Fuck, he was so shit at this.
“Oh no-no it was no problem, I like doing that kinda stuff, really,”
“Violence is not key” Nat’s voice rang from the front of the jet, not taking her eyes off the windscreen for a moment while she steered them away from any immediate danger.
“He did manage to take a photo of us in his phone’s front camera, though, so he got something out of it.”
“What, no no,
,” Tony said automatically, not looking up from the page of scribbles Bruce had slid over to him. Not to check for any mistakes, no, just to admire it, as Bruce said.
, Steve had let himself slightly forget how close he and Nat really were. She was as grounding as she was unpredictable, a combination Steve didn’t think was possible until he met her.
“I got it, Steve,” he smiled, before pulling Steve back down to meet his lips.
Tony made an indignant noise, throwing a pillow at her face while she laughed at the faint blush rising on his cheeks. Her grin didn’t subside though, she just kicked him in the leg with her foot, warmth blossoming in her chest like she hadn’t experienced before.
“Drop your weapons, now, or I swear to God I’ll pull the trigger,” when the others gave no response, the agent laughed, “You thing I’m lying? Believe me, it would be an hour to execute this man, I’d do it happily even if it was the last thing I did. Try me.”
“Go back to sleep, sweetheart,”
“Why wouldn’t he have given the US Army access to the vault - if there is one - in the case of his death?” Bruce questioned, pushing his glasses up the bridge of his nose.
“I can sure as hell try,” the Colonel breathed with a huff of determination, stalking out onto the outside porch for better reception.
Where everything
“I mean, we have work in common, both like horror movies, that place in SoHo with the donuts, have a… a home in common, I guess you’d put it?” She knew Tony knew what she was getting at, but unlike her direct approach, was prodding to see if she’d volunteer the information herself.
Tony looked about as shocked as everyone else, except Natasha, who let out a delighted and maniacal shriek before running over to Tony.
“I- I thought you were!
“Are you bisexual?” she asked quietly, creating such a tone of raw honesty that the air felt as though it had been sucked from the room. She felt it, and she already knew that Tony did too.
When Natasha and Buck disappeared through the door, Steve straightened himself, holding his hands out after Tony in case he slipped, who was scaling the ladder. Steve stared despite himself, feeling his Catholic Guilt swing and punch him in the gut when caught himself ogling Tony’s ass above him. Not that he stopped, would in their right mind would?
Tony slid into the bed next to Steve, feeling a sense of comfort at the warms radiating from his chest. Steve sighed in frustration and pressed the assistance button next to his head.
“Now, now - in all fairness, I can’t actually help it-”
“He tried to kill us, remember?” Bucky eyed Steve carefully. Steve looked sharply at Bucky, stopping himself from snapping when he noticed the calculating look Bucky was casting his way.
“Why don’t we just make smores?”
Tony felt his heart beating in his mouth, and swallowed down the stir of dread pooling in his gut.
“You’re referring to my slutty, slutty past aren’t you.”
“Do I need to get Sam or Bucky? Do they know what’s up with you-?”
“I truly never expected you of all people to get coy about
“On his mark!” Steve repeated behind him, while Nat pulled Sam to her side, bracketing her body against his to insulate the fall in the hope of avoiding injuring his arm any more that it already was.
A few minutes after, Steve, Bucky, and Sam jogged down the steps in similar attires - short-sleeve shirts and shorts in varying colours.
“You haven’t done anything wrong! Neither of you have… I just misread the situation and got really in my head about it. I - I’ll just come out with it: I was under the impression you and her were dating.”
“What’s Italian for ‘I need to go get some garlic bread’?” Clint asked plainly.
me and I’d call myself defeated?” Doom grabbed Tony’s face in one hand, forcing his eyes to meet his own, “You’ve gone soft, Mister S-”
The villa they were staying in was buried amongst the rows of beautiful homes alongside the coastal line, overlooking a wonderfully deep blue sea - glittering droplets of golden sunlight off it’s gentle surface. The air was thick and warm, filled with an ambient buzz of vibrant lifestyles and comfortable laughter. Their home for the fortnight was half dipped in cool shadow, the top blanketed in an orange glow from the setting sun to the left of the building.
Steve got with the programme instantly, tilting his head the other way to deepen the kiss, cupping the back of Tony’s head with one hand - relishing in the way he could gently tug at the brunette’s curls. His other hand trailed down from Tony’s shoulder to find his waist - in doing so, Steve tilted himself off of the sofa, knees slumping down onto the rug in front of Tony, pulling the other man flush against his body by his waist.
“I don’t really get that way around you, though.”
“...Yeah. I know, it’s so childish and stupid, I just… I thought I envied their
“Thought I’d find you here,”
He’d run out of excuses now. Reluctant to end this little piece of equilibrium - a moment of hope between not knowing and knowing - Steve squared his shoulders, and asked Jarvis if he could go in.
“I… I have feelings for Tony. Like, shit, a
It was a familiar tune, Steve noted, simple and repetitive, yet all the while timeless. Though the guitar wasn’t exactly in the best of shapes, Rhodes played beautifully, his worn fingertips strumming softly against the strings, evoking a tender rendition of the song.
They’d barely scraped out of this one. Tensions were high, and the fight had left most of them feeling haunted by their own memories; none of them mentioned how similar it was to when Wanda put them under her spell. Besides, judging by the way she tucked herself into the corner, she was being eaten up by enough guilt already.
“What would we do, make smoke signals?” Rhodey grinned at his friend.
“Not – uh, not like that, God… I just mean, I’ve been too afraid to admit to you that I…” he trailed off, suddenly finding his mouth going dry and hands becoming clammy. “So, uh, you like me, right–? Wait,
“Deep down. I try to repress it.”
Tony rolled his eyes with endearment, “No, you got that pretty fucking spot-on.”
Of course, the others had left them with one of the two guest bedrooms with a double bed. Nat and Wanda had nabbed the room with two large singles - they’d spread out on them exaggeratedly much to the digression of Sam and Bucky, who grumbled as they squeezed into one small double bed together in the opposite room.
, he was going crazy and perhaps all he needed was to let it off his chest and it would just go away. He considered for a moment, thinking about how Clint was close to Nat, so rather than cutting straight to the chase, wondered if the archer had been feeling the same way as him.
, and when I asked Clint how he knew you guys weren’t together if he hadn't even asked you-”
Clint had his arm swung round Sam’s shoulder, Steve on his other side, helping the injured man trek through the snow.
Tony send a huff of smoke out downwards, peeling his eyes off of Steve’s face. Offering it to Steve, the blonde took in a deep breath, held it in his mouth, and released slowly, feeling the warm flood of relaxation seep into his veins.
Damn, she was perceptive.
Tony looked up at her, trying and failing to keep a straight face. Nat noticed that about him. When he did his fake smiles, the ones reserved for the press or people he didn’t trust, it was perfectly straight; but his genuine smiles started with an upward tick at the corner of his mouth, curling into a sideways smirk before becoming a full-blown grin, as if trying to hold it back. It was cute, she supposed, but only to the extent that it was simply a gesture that reminded her of her friend. Because oddly enough, that’s what they were now. Good friends, at that.
stop giving up every time you don’t get something perfect the first time around, I can actually teach you how to use your opponent’s strength
Was as fresh as the bright blue sky,”
chance there might be something going on?”
“-fucking
“You're telling me your Mom never cussed you out for your manners? I mean jeez, I thought rich kids were supposed to have good etiquette drilled into them.”
Steve shared a meaningful look with Tony, who hid a smile in his coffee mug.
“...O-kay?”
“Oh yeah, just held it in.”
They got to the store nearly twenty minutes after they’d originally set off, which didn’t seem that odd, unless you considered the fact the store they most frequently used was a five-minute walk away from the tower.
Later, Tony sat cross-legged on the conference table, staring out at the sky-line from the Helicarrier. The room was empty save the genius, who decided to skip out on the debriefings. No one had tried to stop him. He stayed in the room, sat in the dark, not bothering to turn on the lights. He wanted to look out at the stars.
Tony’s expression went blank, an air of hurt flashing over his features, before Steve backtracked.
The agent had been hiding in the shadows, seizing the opportunity of Tony’s turned back from where he dropped out the vent to use him as a bargaining token.
Nat strolled forward, steadying herself on the table, before holding out another shirt in her hand.
The levels of super-villainy had been very subdued of late, which for once, actually kinda sucked.
, you could learn to sit still for at least half an hour, then I might consider drawing you more.”
Bruce trotted down a few seconds later, looking no different than normal except for his shirt sleeves being pushed up to the elbows and his shoes looking slightly more ventilated. Rhodey emerged looking as similar as Steve and the others had, and Tony showed up dressed in a white shirt with the first few buttons popped open, revealing granted skin underneath. His pants were a light grey, and hugged his form nicely - causing Steve to become suddenly very interested with the floor.
but, why,
Sam stared back and forth between the pair at the exchange, eyes narrowed in speculation.
What was it he had thought before? His mind was sluggish and he could barely process what was going on. Compressing Steve’s chest felt like instinct, it came so naturally when nothing else did. The blood loss, part of his mind quietly supplied to him. Ah, he remembered why he felt to shit now.  He’d been … singing … before? Oh.
“Oh, no, not really. S’nice they’re getting along.”
Natasha and James had broken off from Steve after noticing stray Hyrda lackeys attempting to establish a perimeter around their refuge. Like the agents they encountered at the base, they were heavily armed, but there were fewer of them this time. Much fewer.
“Were the alien cannons not good enough for you, Barton?”
. He’s on his floor - mind out for all the shit he’s got lying around, he’s working on some robot,” she waved her hand, dismissing him casually as she turned back to reading her book, hiding her smile behind it.
With that, she was gone.
The genius was currently trying to set up a campfire with Rhodey, Bruce, Clint, and of course, Nat. Steve himself was helping create some monstrous desert with Buck, Sam, and Thor, the latter of which was encouraging them to create some obscure kebab of marshmallows, chocolate pieces and strawberries.
Tony had turned away from Steve for just a moment,
“Yes… but in a dignified way! With tumblers of good scotch and leather armchairs - not slumped on the floor like a bunch of teenagers on their first vacation,” He laughed, shaking his head and earning a snort from Tony, who looked as out of it as Steve felt. God, he just wanted to touch his lips, feel the crook of his chin in his hands…
“Your dreams, huh?” Steve teased, pressing another quick kiss against Tony’s lips. “And no, no this is something I’ve been wanting -
“No, no, I’m good, thank you though.”
“I worked in the circus and fall into garbage cans more times a month than anyone else does in their lifetime. And I fight aliens and shit with you lot. My bar for what qualifies as stupid is really fucking high, Cap.”
” Clint finished, finally catching on, “You have feelings for
“That’s what I like to hear.”
“As eloquently put as always, Clinton,” Tony said sweetly, while fixing the archer with a devious stare.
With her free hand, Nat raised a finger at Rhodey.
They tossed their remainder of their clothes away, ignoring where they landed, so long as they weren’t governing a strip of Tony’s gorgeous body.
The smaller man was sat cross-legged on the oak table, curiously tapping away at the blue-prints for weapons, buildings, armours, aircraft - anything remotely engineer-y. Tony’s intelligence was greatly underestimated; people had this conception that, because he didn’t act like a mild-mannered introvert, that he must not be a ‘Real Genius’.
Natasha Romanoff met Bucky Barnes for the first time in a jail cell in Wakanda. Natasha Romanoff met the a Winter Soldier for the first time on a roadside protecting her mechanic. Natalia Romanova met James for the first time as a young girl in the Red Room, but she doesn’t even know how much of her James is left in Bucky.
The man tore off from the side of the road, eyes fixed on the road ahead, willing himself not to look at the passengers in the backseat of his pickup truck. Nat had slumped into Tony’s side and his head had dropped on top of hers, chest still heaving for air.
They didn’t even bother to sit up when the hatch to the jet opened, and Clint, Steve, and Bruce practically scrambled out, looking around frantically before spotting the pair waving lazily at them from their spot.
"No sir, I'm fine, but there's twelve more back this way and one of them's trapped under a beam!"
DAEDALUS: It's serving our purposes, at least.
His hands are trembling. He's gasping around the block of concrete in his chest. He manages anyway: extends his arm, opens his hand, wraps it around the neck of the bottle of Johnnie Walker Black standing on the counter to the left of the sink. The articulation of movement is transcendent: in his arm alone, a hundred thousand processes go into simply bending his elbow, closing his fingers, and compensating for the weight of a full bottle of grain alcohol. Muscle memory takes over from there. He can't stand upright unassisted, but he can twist off the cap, and when the whisky hits the glass, he remembers how to breathe.
"How much you love me," Steve says. "That's right."
"Any luck on Hill?"
The garage is hardened against EM weapons, has redundancies on top of redundancies, and is protected by security measures so cutting edge the military can't touch them. The express elevator and the freight elevator both pass a series of checkpoints that involve everything from biometric scans to limited cybernetic verification. Friday monitors the entire complex around the clock in real time, and Tony can count on one hand the number of people who are allowed access without case-by-case permission from Tony himself. Hell, outside of the Avengers and a few trusted Stark Industries employees, very few people even know this workshop
At some point they must have taken him back to his tower.
"You sold me out," he says. "Again."
That's right. Tony Stark.
Except there's one person left he can help, isn't there?
DAEDALUS: Don't condescend. Even you can see we're far behind our projected timeline. We need more people.
TS: If that ever makes it into a cartoon, make sure you give me credit.
"Secretary Jack Kooning," Friday murmurs. Well. That was quick. "Ready, boss?"
BIRCH: I hope to correct that. Ms. Potts and Mr. Hogan are obviously very close to you; is it fair to say that they're your inner circle?
HH: You must run into that kinda thing a lot, huh.
"Me, personally—I know, you're all thinking,
"How did they find any of them?" Friday counters. "We both know this isn't random."
—"I've done nothing to deserve it."
that some bad guy had
Tony's least favorite fucked-up story is himself.
"Okay," he says. "Okay."
"I was surprised you came. Wasn't sure if you'd think it was a trap."
That he continues to wait is not effected by the act. He was waiting before; he was still waiting. Calling out to Steve was a discrete function unrelated to anticipation. He's waiting for an answer to present itself. There's a state he can reach under certain conditions of deprivation—almost a state of grace. If he can push himself to that state, he'll know the right thing to do.
STARK: I have… a hard time reaching out.
L. Samson
CB: What about you, Tony? Do you consider yourself a hero?
"Safe," Reed says. "They miss their mother, of course, but one of the few comforts in all this is that she trusted me enough to leave the children with me. HERBIE's watching them now. I teleported over," he adds. Implied:
"Don't worry about it," Tony says. She has to reach out and untangle Stevie's fingers from her wrist and turn off the faucet herself. That sort of touch, the sparks it inspires, is more than she deserves. "Shouldn't have been standing here with the lights off anyway."
"This is a stealth armor?" she asks.
BIRCH: She did.
"Constantly," she says. "It's one of the curses of bein' me."
They used to kick back and listen to music on the rare occasions they both had a free evening and
When Tony was a kid, his father used to take him to the gun range. Not often, but occasionally, enough that he'd grown used to the weight of the grip, the slam of the recoil. The demonstration of applied physics was always fascinating—he spent a couple of months obsessed with ballistics tables, which eventually shifted to a fixation on ballistics coefficients for satellites—but the most important lesson he'd taken away hadn't been quantifiable at all.
"Have I ever told you how I solved War Machine's ammunition problem?" Tony says. "It's elegant. A little simplistic, maybe, but if I patented it and found the right buyer, I could live off the returns for the rest of my life." Not, understand, that Tony needs money; Tony is a rich man's rich kid, and he wants for nothing. "It'd mean funding for a hundred special projects. Private prisons are all the rage these days—"
Jack says.
He's never been able to decide what he wants to believe about why he fell in love with Steve. Neither of them deserve this. Not that Steve is really involved in this particular problem; this is internal, a closed system, a conclusion reached by Tony without his conscious permission. It's a wildcard. It's awful. It's the worst kind of bad luck.
"Systems can always be subverted," Reed says. "I believe they call it 'political science' for a reason."
PASSIVE MODE // Saved to Friday's Filodex
"Should've known you'd think that way." Steve shifts and crosses his arms over his chest. "Right after I joined the team, we came up against Kang the Conqueror. He threw me back to the forties, not long after I went under the ice. We'd just won the war. It ought've been paradise, but you know what? I spent the entire time I was there trying to get back
Isn't this in all ways a superior existence?
"What in God's name are you getting at?"
"And they want to talk to you," Happy adds. "Wouldn't leave Pep alone until she agreed to go looking for you."
"I… Do you think he can hear us? I do," she says.
"What?" says Tony.
Reed says, "I was truly sorry to hear about Mister Hogan." Reed's a brilliant guy. He understands all kinds of things that nobody else does, concepts that even Tony struggles to wrap his head around; Tony
In those days, after Tony had surrendered the twin indulgences of hard liquor and secret identity, the intimacy between he and Steve had been so great it was almost like they had no secrets at all. In retrospect, his naivety is staggering, irresponsible, destructive. Of course there were secrets; Tony always has secrets. He keeps the worst secrets of all clutched to him like something precious, where the only damage they can do is to Tony himself. There are things he'll never tell Steve, things he'll take to his grave; that he would rather die than tell Steve Rogers what lies in his heart is not exaggeration.
Of course, as acting director, Stark is positioned to use the extraordinary legal liberties granted to the Director of SHIELD to continue furthering his own interests. There is, of course, Prison 42, the extra-dimensional supermax facility whose construction was contracted out to Stark Industries. There's the persistent rumor of insider trading, although Stark claims that the legalization of the Registration Act and his company's concurrent surge in stock prices are a mere coincidence. There is even the concern that Stark might use SHIELD's vast reserve of exotic technology to fuel a grotesque habit of body modification that at this point is less an experiment and more a fetish. None of these should be considered in isolation.
STARK: Are you asking if I'd take a bullet for Captain America?
"Tony?"
All right.
This is the story of Extremis.
He's on the bridge when he gets the call. The Registration Division helicarrier is parked over Omaha, Nebraska, for reasons that on some level make sense to Tony and on another level render him incredulous. Intellectually, he's aware that New York isn't the center of the universe, but he still believes in his gut with all the faith of a born-and-bred New Yorker that other places, especially in flyover country, are inconsequential.
Reed makes his opening move. It's rare for them to confine themselves to one chessboard; they've played a dozen matches at a time before, and sometimes Tony even wins. Reed is one of the only people in the world who can make Tony feel stupid. Pepper used to say it was good for his ego.
designed roller coasters for a hobby. Cedar Point in Ohio has one of his designs; it's not the tallest or the fastest, but it's the one most likely to make you puke. Tony likes that. They gave him an award for it.
"You look tired, man," Rhodey says.
In one world, Tony falls in love easily. He loves Cancun, he loves his Porsche, he loves seeing his company sit at the top of the stock exchange. He loves every woman he ever dates, every woman he ever fucks. He doesn't fall in love with any men—not because he's avoiding complications, but because here he isn't built that way. He falls in love with Bethany Cabe, with Whitney Frost, with Sunset Bain, and they fall in love with him back, and nobody leaves anybody until Tony falls in love with the next woman. He falls in love with Jan and Natasha, Emma and Pepper. He falls in love with them twice on the same day. He falls out of love and back into it like a gull diving down to skim the surface of the ocean.
EXECUTE PROGRAM? [Y/N]
"Stall, lawyers, Kooning," Pepper says. "Deflect and absorb. How far do you want to take this?"
"Is that really the right thing to do?" Danvers plants her fists on the table. "We could offer them pardons if they turn themselves in and comply with the law."
"Why are they so hellbent on making you director?" he'd say.
He's curled on his cot in the corner, forehead nearly pressed against the wall; he feels slow when he wakes up. Tacky. Like part of him is missing.
"You'll just have the one backup. They're going to figure it out eventually."
"You're getting cocky, Tony," Carol says. "Are you sure this will work?"
DAEDALUS: Never let it be said that you were inefficient.
At 6:03:37, Tony stops his heart.
"Always, boss," says Friday.
"Yes, sir," Tony says, as wooden now as he wasn't before Captain America's death thirty-four days ago.
"Please. Optical camouflage is so five years ago. Unfortunately, the latest processes are still classified under SHIELD protocols, but trust me when I say that what I can do now is very, very impressive."
, even if Rhodey himself has reservations. He's a good guy. A great guy. One of the best guys Tony knows.
Steve yanks back his cowl. He's embarrassed, maybe—Tony would be—or just frustrated. Angry. Furious. Maybe Tony isn't angry himself; maybe he's just mirroring the rising red tide in Steve. HIs blonde hair sticks up in a sweaty cowlick that does nothing to detract from that cold light of judgment in his blue, blue eyes. There's always been something terrible about Steve's wrath, something Old Testament, inexorable and unalterable, a righteous red tide that breaks across the sky like a rolling bank of stormclouds. It makes him impossible to argue with, but Tony has always been the unstoppable force to Steve's immovable object. They can each only act according to their natures.
The summation of that scar is this:
For example: it is pure, cloying sentiment that brought his old Avengers ID card to his hand. It is pure, cloying grief that drives him to switch it on. It is pure, stifling despair that leads him to say into the card, "Steve. We need to talk."
He visits Cap once, just once, in the cell aboard the helicarrier where he's being held until he's charged. They stare at each other through the bars for a long time; Iron Man wonders if he looks as much like a stranger to Rogers as Rogers does to him.
we do?
"Just a joke, Cap. Lighten up."
"Spoken like a spymaster," Tony counters. "And when did I say I was opposed to a trap? But that's one thing—catching them all off-guard as a group. Going after them individually is an entire canning factory of worms."
It isn't a flattering thought, but very few of Tony's thoughts are flattering of late.
TS: Aw, Cap. Are you jealous?
In some way, it's all a function of luck. Consider his love for Steve: low probability, high impact. A wildcard. He doesn't believe in fate, not in the sense of predestination, but he does believe that sometimes certain factors align in such a way that a particular outcome is so highly probable it might as well be inevitable. Becoming Iron Man—he wants to believe that was inevitable. Forming the Avengers. Meeting Rhodey, the Hogans, Reed, Rumiko.
Tony doesn't have time to think about telling them yes. He doesn't have the capacity. Really, when you think about it, the height of selfishness is contemplating the nightmare he himself created when Maya's here, building a better world at the expense of the present. It's the height of arrogance. Under better conditions Tony can think at teraflop speeds, can problem-solve at petaflop speeds with all the parallel processes of a Cray computer, but he isn't thinking clearly, and because he isn't thinking clearly, he doesn't see Maya until she steps out of thin air in front of him. She has a star caught in her hand, and when she swings her fist at Tony's head, he goes down like a sack of bricks.
TS: Two things. One is how to broadly apply that concept. The other is how to figure out which bleeding-edge ideas are usable.
TS: Not much to go on.
"Particularly when Captain Rogers and his underground are gaining more supporters by the day," adds Ralston.
BIRCH: Tell me about Captain Rogers.
"But that same community has gone without oversight for too long. Trust me, I've had a front row seat"—he pauses to let them laugh; Lansing, Ralston, Byrd, and Dickerson do, the rest don't—"and I know exactly how much stress these people are under. That's not to mention the external forces working against them; the threat that someone twisted who has psychic powers or access to mind-altering technology poses to those with power and trust is dire. Registration acts as a safeguard not only for the general public but also for the very group it regulates.
gave me that." Steve pauses, and then says, almost to himself, "Guess I fell a little in love with the future along the way."
Christ, Tony. Take some goddamn responsibility.
STARK: That comes with the territory. You try fighting off Kang the Conquerer with a guy and not ending up friends with him on the other side.
• 2h ago
one man
"C'mon, guys, knock it off. You don't have to laugh at every dumb joke I make, although I have to say, it's great for my ego. You know how often Captain America laughs at my jokes? Not often enough, that's for sure.
SR: Network dramas.
STARK: Pepper approve that?
BIRCH: Ms. Van Dyne has taken several lengthy leave-of-absences from the team.
STARK: I'm shocked—kidding, kidding. You don't pull your punches.
"But how did they find her?" Tony says. As long as he keeps tick-tick-ticking along at the surface—that's what matters. He doesn't have to have substance as long as he has the performance of substance. He can while away the hours doing whatever he likes in the sanctity of his own head as long as he keeps tick-tick-ticking.
"Ah." There's a world of meaning packed in there, but maybe Stevie's as determined to keep the peace as Tony. "Well, I didn't mean to startle you."
"Monitor the situation," Steve says. "Clint, go warm up the quinjet. I want wheels up in five."
"Because your sister grew up without the guidance of the one person who could understand her," Tony says.
"Boss," Friday says, low and urgent. He's blind, he's so blind, he's suddenly aware that more than the armor was taken from him: his vision is limited to two soft eyes, his knowledge to merely what he holds in his head. He can't come back from this—
Director Stark was already carrying a heavy burden thanks to his role in the passage and enforcement of the Registration Act and additionally experienced significant personal loss during the subsequent splintering of the Avengers and the death of Steve Rogers, with whom he was once close friends. Certainly that burden has not been lessened by his assumption of Maria Hill's role, but Tony Stark has always been a man who under duress either fails spectacularly or rises past all conceivable expectations. He is a man of extremes. In my experience, the latter is far more likely than the former.
JV: What he would've wanted? Going back in the ice?
Tony leaves the books on the bookshelf. He picks up a sketchpad instead.
What Tony likes about Maria Hill is that she follows her own compass. Her conscience may not balance with what others would consider strictly moral, but she's pragmatic: she makes her decisions with clear eyes, unweighted by the ballast of interfering opinion. She won him over when she authorized one of her operatives to shoot Tony in the head. At the time he was out-of-control in the most exact sense—overridden, reprogrammed and repurposed, and as dangerous as a brainwashed genius who built armor that was more weapon than shield could be. The operative missed his shot, but as soon as Tony was himself again, he had decided that Hill was trustworthy. She's also aggressively competent, which Tony respects. Fears, but respects.
"I'm here to offer you a deal."
"Fortunately, I no longer need legitimacy. I have a network and resources of my own. You might recall what that's like."
TS: Why would—
"Tony."
"Sure," Happy says, and he starts to amble towards the elevator. He's a stocky guy, not as tall as Tony but built like a boxer; there's something solid in him, something that makes him not only the most reliable but the most loyal person Tony knows. They met when Happy pulled Tony from the wreckage of an experimental racecar. That incident continues to set the precedent for their relationship.
Twenty-three minutes. The window of opportunity is closing. There's no harm in telling her now.
Poor Gary our thoughts & prayers are with his family may God watch over him
"Yeah. Well."
STARK: Executive assistant.
—would sell out his team to toe the party line. You make it look easy, Stark, but I know it isn't."
"So that's how your new police state works." Rogers glances over at Danvers, and his jaw clenches. After a moment of thought, he says, "What's the question?"
"He's a destabilizing force nonetheless," says Boynton, the architect of all this misery. "Mr. Stark, in your official capacity as chief consultant to HomeSec and the Registration Oversight Commission, we strongly urge you to take care of Rogers as rapidly and overwhelmingly as possible."
Tony pulls up the autopsy results. He didn't have to be here, could have accessed the reports from anywhere, but he wanted to see it with his own eyes, the eyes he built himself. Compared to the medical records pulled from the Registry, Messner-comma-Georgia has obviously and dramatically been altered on a molecular level. The hallmarks are all there. Gene therapy, or, or magic—something changed her, bloomed for a brief moment into power far beyond the ability to flick her finger and light a fire, and then it ate her alive.
In the process of kicking the shit out of the bad guy, he put all the pieces together. What do you do if you're running out of funding? You either convince your donors of the usefulness of your project, or you push harder to get results. Or, as Tony's mother would have said: why not both?
"I told you before," the kid says. "Killing Ten Rings is a happy effect, but not my goal. I don't want to kill you, either. I want you to hurt, Stark. I want you to
says Hill's voice in his ear.
"I think everything through," Tony says. It's soft, a whisper of air within the confines of his helmet. Maybe it doesn't reach past his ears. Maybe he's talking to himself.
BIRCH: You think he would feel obligated to defend any of his teammates?
That's his obsession. Everything else is just gravy.
STARK: You clearly haven't met the guy.
There's a certain state Tony can reach under the right conditions, a state of clarity, almost a state of grace. Deprivation usually does the trick; if he works long enough, turns the appetite of his body into an appetite of the mind, or if he's pushing himself for other reasons, because someone is turning what he invented to ignoble ends or if lives are on the line, he can force himself into it. Sometimes, more rarely, it comes to him unbidden, a quantum leap in thinking that often accompanies his more astonishing breakthroughs.
is an artifact, a relic he can bury beneath an eighteen-hour workday and the most cuttingly designed exosuit in the world.
What he wants, what he really wants, is to crawl into bed and sleep. He doesn't sleep anymore, and that's an oversight, because if you remove the need to sleep you should remove the desire to sleep, too. The problem with complex systems is that the effects of removing one outdated component inevitably lead to the discovery of complicating factors. When he slept the best, though, was when he'd been on a month-long binge of invention, when he'd locked himself in the garage and lost whole days to narrow focus on a single idea and then, when the project was complete, he'd stagger over to his cot in the corner and sleep dreamlessly for twelve or fourteen hours, safe under his tower and Friday's watchful eye. There was always a cost to pay later: the comedown, the sharp decline from not only the high of working but from that neutrally stable place of good sleep and a good morning after. It didn't last, but Tony has always been a sucker for the most fleeting of positive experiences.
"Don't be a sore loser, Cap," Iron Man says, and he walks away.
BOWMAN: They're more robust and therefore more likely to survive the transition. You can't harvest as much useful information from a corpse. And there's a greater variety in profile composition, too. Soon we'll be able to replicate all those abilities.
The air has been punched out of him. It takes a moment for him to get past the vacuum-suck in his lungs and start breathing again. "I don't… I don't know."
"It changed you, Tony. You don't even see it."
When Maya lets go of the back of his head, he drops to the floor like a meteorite drops to the Earth: hard, fast, with commitment and feeling. He lives here now. Might as well get used to it.
He can fathom a dozen explanations for that. Steve wants to see if he's really, physically present, not telecommuting while he plots in his high tower. Or: Steve wants to see if he's lying, wants to read the intent in Tony's expression. Or: Steve, never one to flinch from hard truth, wants to look into the eyes of the traitor one last time. Not numbered among these is anything close to the purity of Steve merely
Royal Flush.
“Why does that even-”
Steve and Tony set down and drank by the balcony for a good hour, chatting idly about anything that came to mind. The others weren’t coming back anytime soon, Steve knew; Tony was quietly watching the yellow hued moon above them, taking in the breeze that relieved them from the muggy Moroccan air. The hum of crickets filled their ears, along with the occasional shout from party-goers down the street - accompanied by mellow tunes of acoustic guitars coming from a lounge a few blocks away.
“What the fuck? Were we robbed or somethin’?” Sam slurred, staring at the scene that greeted them. Shattered glass, knocked over furniture, hell, even cracks in the plaster.
be able to pick up on what they were saying.
Like Steve had said and thought many times before, Tony was weird guy, so it really didn’t send any red lights flashing off in his mind.
Tony had beautiful eyes, so dark you’d almost mistake them for black, but upon looking closely they were a gorgeous combination of chestnut and mahogany, glittering with emotion; framed beautifully by long, thick lashes. After knowing Tony for a while, Steve realised why the man wore sunglasses out in public so much. He had is media façade, but not even that could conceal what his eyes revealed. Tony’s eyes exposed his soul, opening him up like a rose.
Clint stared at him, open-mouthed, before making an ungodly snorting noise.
“Oh, my god - I haven’t done this since I was sixteen,
“I don’t know how you lot are doing it - eating off that table - I ain’t touching anywhere until I know exactly whoever they’ve been,” he shook his head, digging into his breakfast. The others all stopped eating, looking horrified by the suggesting, and distancing themselves from the breakfast island in the kitchen.
“What?!” Tony wasn’t as tense now, a grin forming across his face even if he wasn’t completely sure why. “I thought it was simple, effective! I am having a moment of
Tony had emptied his pocket, which contained an improvised devise which would temporarily and discretely lower the security parameters of the system, long enough for them to send an encrypted signal to Director Fury.
“…I’m not from Earth, I can do as I like.”
“Aw, come on! Seriously? You bait me?” Bucky just huffed out an air of laughter, accepting his cards from Sam, who shook his head fondly, familiar with the two’s antics. “Whatever, poker sucks, why aren’t we playing Go Fish?”
Tony knew what she was doing. Prodding and poking, leading him into some kind of admission without ever asking direct questions, instead gathering intel through seemingly relaxed or mundane conversation. It wasn’t a malicious thing, she did it to everyone - friend or foe - but with him and the team, it was her way of coaxing them out of their shells when they had something they needed to talk about, but didn’t quite feel confident enough to just come out with it.
Natasha slid to a stop in front of a charred mass of dismembered Doombots, noting motor oil staining the street, and on top of it, Tony’s helmet. She relayed as much to Bucky, who scooped it up, giving it a once over before scrunching up his nose and turning to look at Nat.
Now, they had grown to truly respect one another and actually enjoyed hanging out with one another. Really, all of them on the team had created that sort of bond with each other, but she had grown a different kind of unique fondness, a weird kinship, towards the genius as of late that she hadn’t been able to figure out.
“So you thought pouring
?” Bruce spluttered at Tony, who was leaning against the doorframe to the kitchen, much louder than he had intended. Steve shot a look at the man, who had the good grace to look apologetic. He quickly coughed awkwardly, before trying again.
“Aw, he looks so happy,” Bruce commented, before casting a look at Natasha, “think we should tell them and spoil his fun, there?”
“Perhaps.”
Steve knelt in front of Tony’s chair (no way in hell would he sit on one of those impending disasters), reached across Tony from the bottle, and without further notice pulled the zipper of the undersuit down, revealing the man’s very battered torso. Tony was about to protest when Steve but in, “I was in the war, Tony, s'not like I ain’t seen fellas naked before.”
it. Bucky and Clint were sitting on the floor with their backs to the sofas despite there being more than enough room - they seemed to like having the room to stretch out. Rhodey happily occupied the space that left him to put his feet up, with Bruce curled up in the corner. Thor and Sam were chatting about ‘the good bit’ that was coming up, piling popcorn into their mouths unable to look away from the screen.
“Captain Rogers makes a fair argument, sir. I must insist on deleting that recording.”
Sam just shook his head, and flicked around the schematics that floated in the air from the small device Tony had slipped into his pocket before the mission. It acted like a Cloud, storing essential data, as well as receiving updates from Maria Hill and Nick Fury themselves.
“Of course, sir.”
“That you did. Congratulations! We’ll hold an inauguration for you shortly,” She grinned.
Steve pushed them off the wall, and kicked the door shut behind them one they were inside the room, sending a crack through the plaster of the doorframe. He led Tony down gently on his mattress, despite the passion of the moment, because ultimately this was special. This man drove him wild, and it had taken all the strength in his super-enhanced body not to jump Tony’s bones the moment he had him under his lips.
“Of course, otherwise that would be very selfish of me.”
Tony seemed to consider this, before his shoulders sagged in defeat.
Turning around, Tony was stood awkwardly, body tilted to the left, as if willing Steve to choose the long way round again.
Clint’s surprised outburst was interrupted with the unmistakable sound of metal groaning underneath them.
, feeling a flash of guilt, before heading straight to the gym. That’s where Clint found him, a few hours later, beating the shit out of a punching bag.
, and made a dash for it out of the door, into the cold biting air outside.
Sam sat up again, eyes lit up, catching their attention. “C'mon, we have a jet - a fucking jet - we can literally go anywhere, right now-”
She was unhappy - hurt, even.
Tony got up, and Steve followed quickly, pretending he’d just been scouting the area. They sat at the top, waiting by the door until Buck would come up and give the go-ahead.
“You laughed just now.”
The shock of the freezing water sent Tony reeling back, thrashing against the water. He felt hands tighten around his jacket, pulling him under, pushing on his head, forcing it down and scrambling over his body.
. His nose had a soft curve to it - unlike Steve’s own quite sharp features - and up close Steve could see the freckles that peppered the high-points of his face, the faint wisps of silver hair at his temple-
“Mister Stark,” came Fury’s steady voice as he parted between the agents, making a quick gesture with his hand to dismiss them from the room.
Bruce watched the exchange and motioned for the other to give them some privacy, Sam obliged, rolling his eyes when Nat, Bucky, Thor, and Clint all hesitated, clearly more than interested in the exchange.
” Tony accused, jabbing a finger towards Fury, who remained patient, “You said he was
, for fuck’s sake. He could talk to Tony.
“Nah, I fold this time,” Tony said casually, tossing his cards towards Sam. Bucky looked murderous, and Steve almost couldn’t believe it - they’d made it look so sure that they were at a disadvantage, hung it in front of Clint and Tony’s noses. Clint had took the bait, why the hell hadn’t Tony?
, though. His teammates were getting along, which is only a good thing. Especially considering how they started things off way back on the helicarrier. But since when were Tony and Nat
Tony flinched when Steve pressed a cold rag against his nose, screwing his eyes shut at the pain ebbing from the break. When he opened them again, a soft expression passed over the blonde’s features. Tony briefly returned the look, before settling his eyes over his hands.
“What’s up with you, your face is doing that thing where you look like you’re trying to crack the Da Vinci code or something-”
Tony was loosing the feeling in his extremities, face burning with the cold. The other man forced him down again and again, as if he were nothing more than a buoy.
The team stood in the doorway, poking their heads through at different angles comically, grinning at the pair.
, with you its, it’s like, like ritual.” Tony finished, heart racing but feeling a lot calmer than a few moments ago
Nat was next, running at Steve in a practised move, jumping off his shield as he propelled her upwards - without exerting too much force (he wanted her to reach the ceiling, not go
“I don’t know what changed, all of a sudden it was a tension that needed to be beat out in a punching-bag, and now it needs to be beat-“
article for top 100 LGBTQ+ places in New York. Tony had insisted it was because, God help him, he was going to wing-man Nat.
“Well, you’re not gonna die of a punctured lung,” Tony finally declared dryly, and the room’s tension seemed to alleviate slightly. “I’m not Bruce - though he would just say
“No, no Rhodey do not-!”
Tony let out a deep sigh, and tried again.
Steve bobbed his mouth open and shut, at a loss of what to say. Tony smiled softly, took pity on the man and gently lifted his hand, closing Steve’s gaping mouth, tilting it closed by his chin. Steve gradually leaned into Tony’s touch, closing his eyes and sighing contently. Tony let his hand linger over Steve’s cheek, then settling softly cradling his jaw.
With that, Tony nodded curtly, slid off the table, and left.
Bruce swatted Thor without lifting an eye off of his book, “Lay off the theatrics, he already said he’d cook you breakfast.”
“So not gonna die of a punctured lung,” Clint mused, “hooray for small victories.”
On que, the next round of bullets stuck from behind. They waited, crouched-down waiting for the bullets to once again cease firing. With the hand joint to Tony with the cuffs, Nat grabbed Tony’s hand in hers firmly. They couldn’t afford one of them lagging behind. Just as Tony felt like his heart might explode with anticipation, the bullets stopped, and they ran.
“I’m gonna pack! Just choose somewhere hot and I’m down - I wanna be out of this shit-hole before dinner, thanks!”
into it was the next logical thing to do?!”
“And you, Tony?” Thor questioned, looking intently at the game.
Steve couldn’t help but grin.
Occasionally, she appeared in his dreams - just as flashes of red hair and gunfire. But she was in his nightmares too, pulling his head back, exploring his throat, the cold press of metal gently edging into his flesh.
Tony ran his hands desperately through Steve’s golden hair, pulling at it gently, sending electricity down the man’s spine. Tony hooked his legs round Steve’s hips, rolling them over so he could press himself against the larger man’s body, rolling his hips against the bulge forming under Steve’s trousers.
After a few moments, Steve wound his arms under Tony, hauling them both up and marching out of the kitchen.
Nat’s body seemed to have gone slightly looser, the vice-like grip she had round her own knees reducing by the slightest amount.
Steve had followed the agents who split off eastward, while Nat and he stalked after the ones headed the other direction. The agents must’ve followed them in a jet of their own, though must have been thrown off course after the jet crashed. No doubt the snow concealed their tracks from the wreckage not long after they marched onwards.
“Fuck, no! I found the fucking rock to tie them down with!”
“Nope, 'cause you would'a just kept fidgeting -
The blonde responded by lifting the brunette again, who cackled in delight, holding him up with one arm and stripping himself and Tony of their shirts, kicking the wicker armchair out the way and laying down against the dining room table. Their bodies glided over each other, slick with sweat and heat, feverishly kissing each other as if desperate for air.
“Hey! Keep it down - listen, I don’t even know if he even likes me, let alone… You know…”
Pressing his ear over Steve’s lips, Tony heard no sign of breathing. Forcing back the will to just break down and sob at Steve’s side, Tony willed the strength to start making compressions on Steve’s chest.
not the person to have the rest of this conversation with.”
Training with Nat was a lot more fun than Tony had anticipated. If he was honest, he’d always assumed her combat style was way beyond his own abilities, so really, there wasn’t any point in
“Mechanic, but close enough.”
Steve vaguely picked up on Wanda and Bucky chiming in for the chorus, but Tony… God, he could barely breathe at the sound of the man’s voice; a soothing blanket that fell over the room, sending warmth bubbling up his insides and prickles of cold along his spine.
“Give her time,” was all Clint said, before going back to idly fiddling with his arrow-heads.
There was a stowaway onboard.
fucking weird.
“It’s like, I don’t need to think, I just
A group of performers – of perhaps six or so clowns – were taking pictures with families, promoting some new product Steve guessed. There wasn’t even anything particularly creepy about any of them, all jolly smiles and silly tricks.
“I would say that’s a sure-fire way to get shot at, but I also don’t fancy our chances staying put either, so you’re the boss.”
Steve snorted, before walking up the mainstreet, despite Tony’s unusual behaviour.
The other man then shared a glance with Steve, which to anyone else was unreadable - barely noticeable, to to Steve it read plain and simple: I’ve got a fucking good hand right now, we’ve got'em.
Inside, everyone had settled after eating a warm meal (
“I wasn’t thinking!” Tony burst out louder than expecting, “Christ, Steve, with you I don’t think, it’s one of the only times I don’t think and calculate all the variables to the
“I can’t turn off the serum, Tony,”
“I am?”
Almost as if on queue, Clint who had slunk  of at some point to rummage around the cabin emerged what looked like spare rags, throws, blankets, and if Natasha wasn’t mistaken a rug. Sam had also seemed to notice the same thing.
Tony stared dumb-stuck at the long blade Thor was presenting to him, when a voice sounded from his doorway.
she could trust them not to be dicks.
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Clint threw his head back laughing, the others running up behind him looking equally as relieved. Steve was already looking over each of them manically, taking in all their visible injuries. He seemed to stop at the gash to Tony’s temple, which had bled profusely at the time. It looked a lot worse than it was, and had stopped bleeding while Jim had driven them to the resort. Still, his hair was matted to his face with blood that trailed down the entire left side of his face.
“Wait, Tony,”
“Hydra is adamant this vault exists, they’re even betting all their resources on it, so thats enough to earn our attention. The idea’d been laughed at before, but I’ve go a funny feelin’ that its a bit too familiar to when the US was laughing at Schmidt for believing in Norse Gods,” the blonde said, earning the attention of the room.
“The guy needed to see us – the team – genuinely hurt, to believe it,” Nat said gently, “otherwise he’d never of bought it, never would have poked his head up from the sand and gave us the chance we needed – a killer would still be on the streets if we didn’t… another body could have been on our hands,”
,” he addressed the whole team now, who – Nat and Bucky – who were in various stages of shock, relief, and anger.
“Mister Stark and Agent Romanoff left earlier for brunch, I believe, Captain.”
“Systems aren’t fully functional, though you’ve probably figured that out for yourself.” The man said as he shuffled into a seat behind them, leaning forward into their space from his seat. “Must’ve become compromised by stray shots from the agents back there. Best bet is to land somewhere far enough away from that mountain range - we need a signal strong enough to get back a message to base to come get us out of here.”
Tony was drifting off to sleep by the time a doctor waltzed in, clearly not imagining Steve would be in any urgent assistance, and her eyes widened then squinted as she pulled her face into a frown.
Nat dragged the man’s body behind a desk, before heading back towards the door, looking through the glass panel for anyone approaching.
Steve’s eyes were flickering open and shut.
at sparring - pretty good, actually. But in comparison to other members of the team, he had a clear disadvantage: they’d simply been training for a lot longer and more intensely than he had. That fact was probably why he’d managed to genuinely surprise his opponent - they weren’t used to him making more nuanced moves like that. He normally stuck to a defensive approach outside the suit, and when he
Their easy bickering went back and forth for a while, eventually merging into the rest of the group’s conversation. As the sun dipped lower, and Tony began so slump ever so slightly (they hadn’t brought coffee with them, so much to the genius’ horror, he’d only had
It was three in the morning when the others stumbled out of the last karaoke bar, wandering down the cosy streets towards their home for the next week and a half.
Bucky had to stop himself snorting when he saw Steve glance at him thought the corner of his eye, as if to ask,
“Well, there’s a lake right there! We’d have been
Natasha stood guard outside the door, while Tony busied himself with setting up the plan.
“What! Are you honestly saying there’s not the
“What’s wrong?” He’d ventured slowly, sending a sideways glance at Clint who had simply shrugged in response.
“Alright,” he agreed, “We prepare everything we’ve got, then we head out at sundown.”
“Well, from a practical point of view, don’t get your hopes up - hey, no, don’t give me that sad face, I mean, he was drunk and high last night… But, he was definitely interested - more than interested, it looked.”
” he asked incredulously, though his voice was quiet.
They were all worse for ware, to say the least. Sam’s arm had turned a dark maroon colour, and he could barely seem to focus on walking. Natasha had a limp even she couldn’t hide, and Clint’s wheezing rattled his chest. Steve and Bucky weren’t bad off, but both were sporting a number of deep purpling bruises and more than a few cuts which were bleeding sluggishly.
“If you want, you can finish this for me.” The brunette offered.
“Hey,” Bucky whispered from his spot on the floor, tilting his head all the way back to look at Steve upside down where he resolutely was
nice, being close to Nat. There was just an easiness there, an understanding that went beyond the fact that neither of them was straight. Sure, it took off a lot from there, once they both realised, but that wasn’t the
“Do you
“Of course I didn’t, I’m very professional, Stark.” She said innocently, strolling past him and already scaling the ladder.
about to ask if you’d never been told that it’s rude to stare-” Tony purred.
“Oh, thank fuck… me n’ Laura only just finished patching up the barn the last time he landed the jet
Steve wound his arm around the smaller man’s waist, pulling him in closely, enjoying the way Tony’s breath blew softly into his forearm - reassuring him of his presence.
Wanda was the least shaken by the ordeal, but the tight purse of her lips indicated her displeasure at putting her friends, her family, through such pain. Sam had accepted Steve back with open arms, forgiving him instantly. Clint understood the need to do what they did, but the tension in his shoulders read that he wasn’t happy about it. Thor had gripped him in a bear-hug, but seemed put-out by the fact they were left in the dark about Steve’s ‘murder’. Bruce was mad, felt hurt, but was focusing most of his efforts on calming Tony down, as was Rhodey.
?’ Seriously?” Tony just nodded in response, glancing back with a tight-lipped smile when Rhodey appeared over their shoulders.
“So,” Bucky huffed, trudging through the snow, “you
“I honestly expected more of a challenge out of your Glorious Leader, Mister Stark.” Tony blinked back the tears he had felt brimming in his eyes, seething at the sound of the muffled snipe from Doom, twisted disgustingly into a dull mechanical tone.
Tony couldn’t help but crack a smile, but the unease from the performers outside a large toy-store remained settled.
He wouldn’t get here in time.
“How long have you two been hiding that from us?!” Came a loud and very undignified shout from Clint, catching the attention of the room. Sliding over, Clint joined them on the floor, and took a long drag after Tony offered it out to him.
“Sorry, I was just... somewhere else for a sec…”
Tony sunk to his knees, running his hands down the length of Steve’s gorgeous body, muscles flexing and tightening under the touch.
“Somehow, you make me feel not only like I’m that skinny kid from Brooklyn, but also like I’m on cloud nine… like, like I’m the most important thing in the room, yet so small and, and weak in the knees when you so much as smile, I don’t know how you do it, Christ, you create this impossible… dichotomy-”
“Yes, and I agree - no way in hell are Hydra managing to sneak past about one hundred armed soldiers defending every entrance to the place,” he then pulled up another file, “But, they were there long enough to find journals from the original team on the programme, many of whom firmly believed that Erskine collated all his data in some vault in Switzerland - the only place not teeming with special interest,”
to do for a while.”
“That you’re in love with Steve? Oh, yeah, you’ve got it
“Why did Clint tell you to talk to me?”
Steve still felt guilt like a wave of nausea at the sight of it.
“So why was Tony going out with you?”
“Oh, well, I
It was morning, and Tony and Nat hadn’t come down for breakfast yet.
“Yeah - you sure Nat didn’t pay you off or something just to fulfil my dreams or whatever?”
When Tony came off him with an obscenely wet noise, Steve hauled him up and carried him up the winding steel staircase - barely able to pull up his pants long enough so he didn’t trip over them.
A burning hot sensation filled his rib cage, and Tony let out a huff of air, releasing Doom from his grip involuntarily. Looking down, Tony saw a deep crimson gush from a newly-made gash in his armour. He looked up to Doom’s face, whose eyes narrowed in what must have been a smile, as he chuckled menacingly.
“In English, asshole,”
Tony huffed in frustration, and smacked the dash fruitlessly when the systems wouldn’t cooperate properly. This was his tech, damn it! It should be fully operational no matter the weather - snow storm be damned.
“I don’t need to,”
“Since when have you cared what we think?” She questioned, arching her eyebrow at the brunette.
Tony hopped onto the edge of the counter as the kettle boiled, legs swinging slightly. Steve leant back against the counter opposite, making a
Steve lay in a large medical bed - larger than his he noted irritably, favouritism, much - looking more peaceful than he usually did nowadays. Hobbling over to Steve’s side, Tony nudged the door closed behind him with the heel of his bare foot.
What surprised Steve, and Rhodey it seemed, was that Nat didn’t immediately just hand over Tony herself (they’d seen her lift
It was because they knew how Tony felt that it was such a shock when he ploughed a fist into the Captain’s nose.
“Not… really. We have a different friendship, different bond. He’s not like, stolen her away from me, hell, I’ve started spending more time around Bucky and Thor, so it would be hypocritical of me to get mad that she’s spending time with him.” He explained, and Steve was really regretting his impulse to just get it out there. “Do
The team gathered in the gym around midday as per Steve’s request. They’d fallen behind on group training - they’d all had various short ops that kept overlapping with one another, so at the first chance, Steve wanted to get everyone back into the swing of things.
They all filed in, up the steps made of cobblestone and through the low arching wooden doorway of the cabin. It wasn’t small, but not exactly spacious for seven people - let alone Avengers - to live in. But it was enough. There was a small kitchenette furnished with an old timely stove with rusting gas knobs, a coal furnace, and a few wooden cupboards that perhaps had a few rations in them - if they were lucky. Across from there was a cosy sitting area, consisting of two ratty sofa’s that wouldn’t look out of place abandoned on a sidewalk somewhere in Boston, an arm chair missing an arm, and an old Turkish rug. in the far right corner was a round wooden table with a five mismatch chairs, all of which looked like they’d probably snap under any of their weights - except maybe Nat (and Tony, but he would
“You shouldn’t have moved beds at all!” She sighed, frustrated but compliantly, as she moved around the side of the bed Tony was on, only to sigh again when she noticed his stitches.
“I saw you last night - acting like a lovesick teenager the way you were drooling over him,” he nodded towards Steve, keeping his voice low, as the blonde set down a tray of drinks in the middle of the room. Natasha’s hand emerged from the pile of blankets she was absorbed in, fishing out a cup of herbal tea - by some freak of nature knowing exactly which was her mug - without so much as peering through the mound she’d occupied herself in.
“Did you not trust us to know?” Thor asked, his normal jubilant tone subdued. Steve deflated, and looked at the faces of his team.
She walked backwards, pulling Tony over to the area of the room with padded flooring, “You can be harder to catch, quicker on your toes, and if you for the love of
While Tony was quieter around him nowadays, he was unusually so at the moment. Steve was about to chalk it up as being concerned for his teammates (
“He gets off on causing us emotional distress basically,” Bucky supplied, shrugging at the exasperated look from Steve. The soldier cast a look at Tony, who was breathing heavily through his nose.
They took a hit, got shaken up, and were currently tucked into a tiny outpost waiting for the rescue crew. Rain drummed against the old window frames of the building which poke out between a few trees in the middle of nowhere, branches swaying and tapping against the flat rooftop, sheets of water cascading down the walls outside.
Rhodey was cheering for his friend, and Nat was full-out grinning now.
The super-soldier crawled up Tony’s body, gripping him by the hips and rolling down, enticing a moan from the smaller man. Steve’s face was flushed red, his brow furrowed as Tony mouthed at his neck.
but I just don’t see it-”
“Good morning, sour-patch. Looking dashing as always.” Tony, as always, shuffled past everyone and made straight for the coffee machine, the sleeves of his oversized M.I.T sweatshirt almost draping off his hands as he reached for his mug. He pulled out two, however, pouring an espresso shot in each one and topping it off with whatever variety of milk was closest to him as he swung open the fridge.
Back during the war, he and commandos had played this game religiously. They were experts at poker faces, bluffing, and knowing the hands to play; and they were almost vibrating with excitement at being able to rub it in the others’ faces.
to be as close to Tony as possible.
Steve hummed in response, losing his own fight at keeping an embarrassing smile off his face. It was worth it though, when Tony let a similar one cross his features, rolling his eyes, and cupping Steve’s face in his hands, cradling his head tenderly.
The others gradually joined them in watching movies, and things began to pick up again. It was still…
“Hydra’s filtration systems are funded by a company - a very shady, off-shore company -  called
, that hurt.”
“Why are you always trying to set me up, anyway?” She questioned after Tony had mentioned that another woman was casting eyes Nat’s way, pointing an accusing fork in his direction before stabbing at another piece of pancake.
Nat fired behind her for good measure as they sprinted for the treeline, making sure to avoid running in a straight path. Gritting her teeth through the searing pain in her thigh, Nat pushed forward, distantly aware that Tony was also resolutely ignoring his own pain for now. They had time for that later. Once close enough, they dove, tumbling down the steep bank at the edge of the treeline, before getting a grip amongst the undergrowth and tuning their guns back to face any agents in pursuit.
“They’re in there - Thor, Hulk, we could use a hand here.” Nat said as Bucky already began tearing through the debris, casting it aside as if it weigh nothing. Sam ran up beside them then, Natasha raising an eyebrow at him in return, he looked momentarily sheepish at that, but shrugged and said
generous amount for the whole ordeal. The man - Jim, apparently - looked reluctant to leave them, but did so all the same, wishing them good luck. He even clumsily thanked them for the service, looking slightly mortified by the outburst, but Natasha just smiled back sluggishly, letting Tony lead her to one of the cabins.
“One. S'always one, you jerk. I’m con-concussed, stop flipin’ the bird a'me” the blonde slurred, earning an amused huff from Bucky.
“That’s a matter of opinion - frankly, it’s just an ability I was utilising… Like when we spar, you have super strength! Isn’t that a tactical advantage?”
her methods.
“No you didn’t,” Natasha called over her shoulder as they strolled down a steady slope towards the beach, “I threw them off the pier when you went to get sunblock,”
“I’d say ten minutes, give or take - but that means
Steve could hear the other’s laughing beside him, and he couldn’t help the sappy smile that was brought to his lips at how carefree and happy Tony looked. Ignoring the fact it wasn’t with
Natasha was lounging on one of her sofas, hair pinned up and reading something in Russian. Her floor was peaceful and warm - a sleek but tasteful fireplace going while it rained outside, soft jazz music playing overhead.
“Well, it’s not so much you guys its…” He waved his hands around as if trying to will the answer, “…an individual,”
Rhodey’s legs were struggling; even if the snow wasn’t knee-deep, the amount of time he was on his feet had well exceeded  doctor’s recommendations. Tony hobbled besides him supporting the majority of his friend’s weight, keeping unusually quiet.
Tony’s voice was faintly feminine, yet rather striking. Without even needed to belt it out, the sound of his voice sent a wave of impact through the room. Steve stared, awed, completely unaware that Nat was starting to come out of her shell, eyes trained on Rhodey’s fingers running down the strings.
Blinking a few times and twisting his face funnily, Tony looked around the room, settling on Thor who was sitting in a chair much to small for someone of his stature. It creaked weakly as Thor leant forward, gently ruffling Tony’s hair and smiling sadly.
was training with Nat awesome. He knew some of the guys had noticed he was skipping training with them -
“-Tony?”
“That they’re together…?”
“-I don’t know, have you seen every disaster movie, like, ever-?”
Really,” Steve threw his head back laughing, clapping Tony on the shoulder, sending a jolt through the other man.
“Hey, Red,” he tried, “they’ll be here any minute.”
Steve dropped his gun to the ground, ignoring Bucky’s frustrated groan. Despite this, the other man let his weapon fall to the ground with a clunk. Natasha made no sign I moving.
The reactor was something else. The skin around it was scarred, pale in some places - similar to bolts of electricity, and in others an unnatural dark hue took to the veins. Palladium poisoning, be remembered. The skin puckered at the edges of the device, which glowed a soft pale blue that gently cast across his pectorals.
“Alright thanks for stopping by, you can go now”
Before Steve could interrogate Sam anymore about why the hell he thought Tony was with Nat, the rest of the team came strolling in, Rhodey in the middle of explaining some plot-point to whatever show he’d just been watching with Clint and Thor.
, but hey, in her book, it was), and a few of Tony’s ribs were at least cracked, if not broken.
“You’re not dumb, Steve, so don’t play it. It doesn’t suit you,” she threatened. “I’m not saying any more than that, because
Hearing the crunch of snow underfoot a few feet ahead, Tony poked out from behind a large fir tree, adjusting the silencer into his gun, and picked off two hydra goons in two practised shots. Venturing out and searching the agents of anything useful, Tony heard a commotion a few yards ahead. Setting off in a sprint, Tony came to the edge of a clearing, throwing himself onto the ground before a steep drop into the clearing.
“How’s it holding up?” Rhodes tried, eyeing the somewhat shoddy-looking sling that hung around Sam’s shoulder.
Steve and Bucky were still gaping at the place, which Tony had organised last-minute. By the time they’d all settled into their rooms, luggage tucked away, they’d joined downstairs to investigate the place a little more closely.
Rhodey side-stepped out the archer’s trajectory, missing the bile Clint retched up, while screwing his face up in disgust, though laughing wildly.
Tony sat forward, pushing up from his knees, and cupped the sides of Steve’s face. He hesitated for just a second, giving Steve a chance to pull away, but Steve looked down at Tony’s lips - and suddenly he was being kissed.
“Yeah, Brunch-”
back at him as he leant on the edge of the kitchen counter, a pan sizzling in front of him. Bruce was already sitting at the kitchen island, herbal tea by his elbow as he read through an ornately decorated book.
“You’re always so quiet during training - well, quiet for you, but still.”
Later, all sat around the campfire attempting to toast… whatever it was Thor had conjured up, Steve couldn’t ignore the soft flutter of butterflies in his stomach as Tony pressed up against his side, sharing one of the make-shift log seats Steve and Bucky had dragged over for the team. In an increasingly rare turn of events, Nat and Tony weren’t sitting right next to each other. Instead, the redhead was helping Bruce try and toast his dessert while listening to Thor talk avidly about one of his many adventures before he’d met them all. Clint and Bucky were tossing sticks into the fire, making some kind of game out of it simply to sate their competitive urges. Rhodey was leant over looking at Sam’s phone, who was wiping through Tik Toks he’d saved, giggling like children.
Sam and Bucky were staring each other down, trying not to laugh as they threw back shot after shot of tequila.
Tony shuffled downstairs, coming to lie on the sofa next to Rhodey, who grunted a greeting in response.
“Thank fuck-” was all Tony said before Steve was marching up to him, hoisting him onto his shoulders.
“She normally likes to listen to songs n’stuff,” Bucky had told Steve, Sam, and Rhodey, who were all rubbing their hands in front of the fire.
The man quickly jumped into action, coming forward, and helping Tony with Nat’s weight and guiding her to the inside of the truck. He eyed the handcuffs a few times but thought better of mentioning them. Tony climbed in after her, collapsing in the seat and clutching his side.
That earned a few raised eyebrows, and Nat’s attention from where she sat between Bruce and now Steve.
civilians in danger, it was just that they were so, so bored.
“You should ask Nat about it. Tell her, even. Trust me, she’ll clear it all up for you.” He then mimed zipping his lips, twisting a lock, and throwing away the key. “That’s all you’re getting outta me.”
“I just love these intellectual conversations we have,” Sam sighed.
“Because one of them is a fake,” Natasha finished for him, quirking her head to the side and offering a small yet impressed smile.
harder than was necessary, but he couldn’t help it, especially now Sam had planted that seed in his mind. The more he thought about it, the more he watched them together, the more it grew.
, don’t ask me to explain it, Tony.”
“I was wondering, do you - uh - would you want to go out sometime? If you want, it’s no pressure - I just thought, I
Steve loved liked Tony, but the man’s poker face was awful sometimes. His media front was flawless, but when relaxed around his friends, his walls were down.
“Cap! Get back, the ice won’t hold both of you!” came Nat’s voice behind him.
“Is he flying the jet?” Clint asked dubiously, a flutter of panic crossing his face.
“What?”
“You really mean that?” Steve tried again, edging closer to Tony, cornering him on the kitchen surface.
Bucky brushed it off, marking it down to bad luck. “Read em’ and weep, Barton,” he declared slyly, placing his cards face-up on the table, “Full House,”
“Please, this isn’t even about the money: it’s a direct challenge, and as a matter of pride I cannot let it pass.”
go on the offensive, he relied on the moves Happy had taught him a long time ago - boxing, mixed martial arts, that sort of thing.
Tony nodded, reloading his gun.
Clint practically fell through the doorway, followed by Rhodey and Bucky, who had gleeful expressions plastered over their face.
“You were so pale and there was just blood everywhere- it was, brutal, seeing you like that. You looked so
, which was exciting for all of half an episode. It was just on for the sake of it now, they were starting to think. Their session of mulling in the gloomy weather was disturbed by Sam suddenly kicking his legs out in frustration - not unlike a toddler about to throw a major tantrum, and whinging out a frustrated groan.
Rhodey unfolded his arms and reached for his phone in his pocket, not taking his gaze off the files, taking them in.
“Yeah, I can agree with that.”
Smiling, he felt the smooth curve of the brunette’s hipbone under the plush covers, smiling into Tony’s hair - breathing in its comfortable scent.
“I know you mean that as an insult, but I’m running with that. In fact, Jarvis? Did you catch that? I want to set it as my voicemail.”
“You’re crazy, you know that- wait, are you on morphine?” Steve chose that moment to glance down at Tony, at his current attire and his bare feet, before groaning.
“So… You meant to fuck each other?” Clint asked, and Natasha cuffed him on the back if the head.
Tony’s eyebrows shot up. “Oh! Uh, okay, that’s good - unless… did you have feelings for her…?”
mean you know what
“Gee thanks, Barton - hey, next time, I won’t step in to shove this goon out the way a hail of fire. You’d be cool with that, right man?” Sam shot back without much heat, gesturing toward Steve who was supporting most of Sam’s weight on his side. Not that it was particularly strenuous for him, being a super soldier and all.
Clint was now observing Nat’s ankle (“dammit Nat you shouldn’t have been walking in this unsupported for so long” “as if I wanted to lean on you, govniuk, you were spitting blood, it was gross”) so Steve strode over to where Tony was sat, and noticed the way Tony immediately yanked the zipper of his undersuit back up.
“This isn’t-” a wet kiss to the cheek, “-too much-” a bite on Steve’s neck, “-too soon,” a dirty kiss over the lips, “-is it?”
“Theres a folder labeled
“God, you’re incorrigible,” he tittered, looking down at his feet. “It’s just… I mean, I’m used to sparring with the guys? I don’t know, they’re all specially trained and obviously a lot better at all this shit than me, and I’m not exactly up to par with their standards of…
“Cap actually looks pretty out of it, oh, my god - you corrupted Captain America, you heathen, Tony Stark-”
been concentrating on what I’ve shown you so far, I’ll give you that… but every time you make a mistake, you go all tense and start doing that thing where you act like you don’t care that much, even though I know you do.”
“Save it, Banner” Steve sighed, though it was with a touch of humour.
That seemed to throw Clint.
, I mean, we bled all over his back seat,”
Steve released a shaky breath, barely audible, but there no doubt. Tony collapsed with relief, feeling Steve’s pulse grow stronger, the serum finally kicking in and booting Steve back up like a machine.
he berated himself. He opened his mouth, desperately hoping it didn’t look as awkward as it felt, but Tony didn’t make fun of him, just placing the strawberry into Steve's mouth before taking another off the stick for himself.
“So, what? You knew I liked you and, and pretended not to know because it freaked you out – but then you were okay using it as some kind of
“What’s this I hear of yourself and Tony Stark?”
Rhodey took a deep breath, considering for a few moments, leaving Tony in anticipation of whatever Wise Words his friend was about to offer.
Tony’s head snapped up, before he schooled his excited expression into one something more neutral. As if Rhodey couldn’t see right through it.
At one point Steve had leapt off the bed towards his duffle bag, tipping out the contents of a toiletry bag before emerging with a discrete-looking tube and a brightly wrapped condom. He threw himself back between Tony’s legs, laughing brightly, full of utter delight. God, he loved this man.
Tony straightened up, eyes focusing as he nodded. “Uh, sure, that’s fine,” he gestured for Steve to sit down.
Steve met his eyes, and Tony carried on talking.
Tony scoffed, rolling his eyes and beckoning Steve over again. “
Tony flashed her a dazzling grin, mischievous glint in his eye, “Nat, I’m flattered, really, but-”
“You should know the right techniques, the correct application for any opponent. Being smaller is not a weakness, it can be an asset if you utilize it properly.”
Something wasn’t right then.
“It means stir, dumbass,”
“Triple-bluff,” Natasha laughed.
why someone might think they’re together, but I just don’t think that that’s what’s going on.”
Those had been the others’ terms to actually get them to play - Sam had let slip how good Steve was at the game, so the steaks had to be raised.
Tony quirked his lips and sighed dramatically, “Oh America’s golden boy, we didn’t stop being a family. Families argue and threaten to kill each other, it’s all very normal.”
“Oh, I’ve been waiting for you to bring
“Oh, yeah I forgot they mentioned that,” Rhodey waved off, scrolling through his phone as he patiently ate his cereal.
It was Nat’s turn to blink at him, before the corner of her mouth tugged into a smirk, looking somewhat smug.
Bruce let out a low whistle, “that sure is a long time…” He added innocently, chucking at Clint’s protests.
? Take me to it already,” she demanded, Tony’s accompanying groan supporting her statement. She let Clint support her under one her armpit and bring her to her feet when the archer noticed the handcuffs.
Steve’s eyes glistened, and his lip wavered, trying to push down a smile.
Tony's head fell forward.  “Where is everyone?”
“You need to stop talking,” Tony said.
“I absolutely do not,” Tony said, smirking at him. His fingers tangled in the front of Steve's jacket. “So point us towards the nearest men's room.”
“We gather here today, to bless the union of Steve and Tony,” Trip said, affecting an exaggerated drawl.  But there was warmth there, and laughter in her eyes..  “To bear witness to their love, and accompany them as they take this, the next step on the journey that is their life.  All lives are a journey, all paths we take intersect with the paths of others.  These meetings and partings make up our lives, they lead us on, they change us, they make us stronger, they make us better.
"He's social.  Look at him.  He's so social that if you held out a packet of baby wipes he'd probably follow you home," Tony said.
“Yes.  We do.”  Tony drained the rest of the water, and Jarvis took the empty cup from him.  Tony glanced down at the bandages, plucking at the edge of the gauze.  “How bad?”
“Right,” Harris said.  “Right.”  He fished his phone out of his pocket.
“Your hair is nice and your bots love you best,” DJ said.  He held up a brochure.  “This is dated 1982.”
"Why is the press here?"
“Of a sexual nature?” Sam filled in, and there was mockery or embarrassment to the words.  Steve was grateful for that.
Tony didn’t even look at him, done with this conversation already.  “A problem that money can, and will, fix.” He stabbed a period at the end of his signature, and tipped his eyes up.  Obie looked…  Almost confused.  As if Tony had surprised him, in a way that he was not prepared to deal with.  Tony set the pen down his fingers, resting against it for a moment.  “You know a liar when you see one, Obie.  You’ve always been very good at finding a cheat and a scammer.
Obie stood.  “You are not his father.”
His fingers closed on the dowel, flipping it around to hold it like a sword in front of him.  He shifted his weight.  "But he has his sword, a sword he made himself, a sword that he's had to use already.  He has his sword, and the shield his mother gave him."
He looked back, meeting Tony's gaze squarely.  “He'll find somewhere small.  An alcove, a windowsill.  He likes places where he can tuck himself up.  That's why I checked the closet, I thought he might be in there, before-”
“That’s right, you can.” She smiled at DJ.  “Go on, now.”
Her fingers tightened on his elbow.  “Would we be here if you hadn't?”
“I know.” She gestured at the tv on the wall.  “Do you want to watch the press conference?”
“They were definitely headed to part of the world, and there's no indication that they've returned to the US, and we know they're not in Latveria.”  She leaned in.  “So where are they?”
“There was yelling,” Tony told him.
“Look, this is about the worst day in food service, I expected you went home three hours ago,” Tony said as Steve turned on his stool, reaching back for the cooler box he’d been carrying when he walked in.
He took a slow, deep breath.  “Parker, I will have you thrown into the Hudson, just tell me what the fuck happened.”
“You fell asleep in the kitchen,” Jarvis stated.  “Captain Rogers, returning from his run, found you there and put you to bed.”
“I see no reason to try again, there’s not a single thing wrong with my plan,” Tony pointed out.
The kitchen door opened, and Jarvis slipped in, an envelope in his hand.  “Thank you for waiting.  Your reply,” he said, holding it out to Mickey, who scrambled up so fast that he almost overturned his stool.  “Please take care returning to the office.”
“I was under the bar for most of it,” Peter admitted.
DJ, half hidden behind a massive pile of brightly colored  boxes, groaned.  “No,” he said, his narrowed eyes just barely visible over a huge bow.
“Clint, you’re up,” he said.  And to DJ,  “No.  It’s mine now.  You gave it to me.”
“Of course he didn't leave,” Tony said, and Rogers gave him a look.  “The doors are locked at night.”
Steve fell into step behind her.  “If you don't mind, Miss, I'm really not comfortable with-”  His voice dropped.  “I'm not a guest.”
“Picking the loudest room in the house is helpful,” Tony mused, swinging Pepper into an intricate step.  “And our new bandleader likes a driving baseline.”
“I compartmentalize the chaos,” Rhodey said, dropping down into the chair opposite him.  “That's how I survive.  If I think of the whole situation at once, I-”  He shook his head, his expression haunted.  “Besides, you already married him, there's no going back on that, there's only damage control, and instead of doing damage control, you...”  He waved a hand at Tony, his face dismayed.
“You know they've got stairs, right?” Steve shot back. He was breathing hard, and Tony grinned at his back, loving him so much it hurt.
Steve leaned in, whispering in Tony's ear.  “You first, Stark.”
Jan smiled back.  “He’s trouble,” she said, her voice gentle.
Steve set the bowls of pasta and sauce on the table.  “It wasn't what I thought it was,” he admitted, with an easy smile.  “Still a good book, though.”  He wiped his hands on the apron, then untied it and slung it over the back of an unused chair.  “I liked it.”
Steve ducked his head over his pots, not quite fast enough to hide his smile.  "No, I mean, 'take plates and bring them to that lonely looking kitchen table, and place them in front of chairs so that when I put the food in bowls and bring them to the table, we'll have plates to put that food on,'" he said.  "Which is what most people mean when they say 'set the table,' Stark."
“Right,” Tony said.  He grabbed the carafe of orange juice and filled the cup with that, instead.  “Eat something.  There’s eggs and, I don’t know, sausage?”  DJ took the cup from him with a murmured ‘thank you,’ and Tony lifted the lid on the nearest platter.  “Waffles?”
DJ slept through them ordering, collecting the food, and driving to the hotel.  Even as Clint drove them up to the front of the imposing, high end hotel, he didn’t stir. So when the doorman stepped forward to open Tony’s door, he waved him off.
Steve nodded.  “We’ll get him back,” he said, and Tony turned away without a word.  Steve caught his arm, pulling him to a stop.  “I go first.”
“Yes, I'm sure you can,” Jarvis told him, and moved the stepstool into place next to the car.  “Here now.  Let's see if there's anything we can do to help without getting in the way.  All right?”
Steve leaned back in his chair with a sigh.  “The verdict is this is the worst website that I’ve ever seen.”  Tony’s lips twitched, and Steve pointed at him.  “Don’t start with me.  I know what I’m doing, Mr. Futurist.”
Tony paused.  “Egg salad?”
And Tony discovered a new kink that he could've lived without.
Something fluttered against her stomach, and she fumbled for it.  "Don't know.  This might," Jesse said.
Harris hit the third floor at a run and no one stopped him.
“Point.” Steve took another bite, his attention focused on his plate.  “I made you something, too.”
“Take your shoe off,” Nat suggested to Clint.
He tapped his fingers on the side of the chair.  “But we bought this stuff when you were small, and we bought stuff we thought you would like, more than you picking it.  You're getting bigger.  And you're outgrowing some of your stuff.  So you can think about if you want to change it, if you want to get something you can grow into, rather than, you know, squeezing yourself into something that doesn't fit anymore.”
“MacIntyre,” Phil said, the end of his pen bouncing against his folder.
“Darcy’s coming,” Harris said.
Tony looked up, startled by the ugly note in his voice.  “Excuse me?”
Tony’s hands slid down the length of the straps, his knuckles ghosting against Steve’s stomach.  Even through the fabric of his shirt, the contact made Steve’s stomach muscles tighten.  He sucked in a breath, and Tony’s eyes flicked up, catching his even as his hands slipped back up to his chest, using his grip on Steve’s suspenders to tug him forward.  “Yes.”  His head tipped up, the word whispered against Steve’s lips.  “I’ve got you.  No escape, I’m afraid.”
It was kind of gratifying to see Natasha caught just as flatfooted as he was for once.
“I know.”  Tony met her eyes without flinching.  “Marry in haste, repent in leisure, Pep.  But we need to talk this over.”
“I mean, I tried to take Stephen Strange off of the guest list and you made me put him back,” Tony pointed out.
Maya's head popped back out of the stockroom, her dark eyes narrowed on DJ.  "You are so late," she said.
“The odds aren't good,” Tony said.  “I want it anyway.”
“There were threats of violence,” Greer said, her teeth flashing in a feral smile.  “Which will work on everyone other than Natasha, and she doesn’t bother with the shovel talk, she just waits behind you with the shovel.”
“I don't, I don't think that's a good idea,” Bruce said.  He made a sideways step, trying to get past Natasha.  She countered him, her face bored.  He stared at her, nonplussed.  “I'm not dancing.  I don't dance.”
Her lips twitched.  “Everyone,” she agreed, inclining her head just a bit.  “And yes.  My treat.”
The baby kicked, little fists punching at the blanket he’d been swaddled in, and Steve made a face down at him.  “He’s putting on weight.”
He could move fast now, faster than he should be able to move, than anyone should be able to move.  Long legs, strong lungs, and he knew where he had to go.  Knew the quickest way there.  He didn’t much care who or what got in his way.
“No,” DJ said, gathering up his flashcards.  He gave Tony a look.  “No.”
His wrench was gone.
Obie sighed.  “Tony-”
“Don't care,” Captain O'Brien stepped back, waving him in.  “Get in here.”
His voice trailed away, and Jarvis stroked his hair.  “We’ll fix it.”
He slipped the watch back in his pocket.  “Our purchases will begin arriving tomorrow, so tonight we will be focused on getting the main hall decorated, the rest can wait for the time being.”
“The magic word.”
“Might as well call me your head of security anyway,” Steve said.  “Since I doubt it would make a damn bit of difference if I was here or not.”  He set the single, folded page in the middle of Tony’s blotter.  “You’ve never listened to single thing I’ve ever said to you.”
“Yes, do, I’ll be up in a few minutes,” Strange said, and it sounded like he believed it.  Wang met DJ’s eyes and shook his head, his eyes a little wild.
“No.  No, I-”  He looked back down at the desktop, and reached for the bottle.  Tony got there first, his fingers closing on the neck of the bottle, drawing it back, out of reach.  Hammer’s hand fell down, curled lightly into a fist.  “When the car slowed down, I just…  Opened the door.”
"And you aren't stopping him, why?" Tony bit out.
"I can eat in the kitchen," Steve offered.  "I'd be happy to-"
I'm trying. 8)
Bobbi nodded, a sharp dip of her chin.  “I wanted to know who did it.  Who actually pulled the trigger.”  Her hand, at her side, was curled in a fist, the muscles so tight that her arm was almost vibrating with it.  But her voice was cool and steady.  “I still had an in or two.  People who were pleased that I didn’t walk in guns blazing.  And people who found my driving skills useful.
“Only because you take it as a personal affront,” Tony said.  “Also, Darcy is difficult to impress.”
“It seems pleased,” Harris agreed.  “And when I didn’t come back to bed, Darcy came looking for me, and that’s-”  He sighed, and Darcy sighed, too.  He smiled down at her, his expression soft and full of affection.  “Well, here we are.”  He looked up at DJ, some of that affection still bright in his eyes.  “Why are you up?”
“Tony!” he yelled, running after Tony.  “We don’t know-”
DJ nodded, and Tony steered Obie back towards the staircase.  “Pepper’s got everything ready for you,” he said.  Obie gave him an amused look, and Tony threw an arm around his shoulders.  “I have every confidence in Pepper.”
“The space ship had your name on the side, so you might consider yourself uninvolved, but that was definitely a minority opinion,” Pepper said, still studying the tablet.  “The liberal press and the LGBTQ community have, to no one's surprise, come out with tentative approval.”
Trip set it down and reached for the computer keyboard.  “Now, how many people are involved in your friendship vows?”
“You’re fired,” Tony said, stomping up the path towards the front door.  His feet slipped on the snow covered stone, and he fought to keep himself upright, grumbling the entire way.  “Has anyone bothered to shovel in the last week?”
“I appreciate that,” Stark said.  “Come on, Coulson.  You're looming.  It's disconcerting.”
"I ate an egg, what more do you want from me?" Tony muttered into his cup.  "For me, that's far better than average.  I'm awake.  I've consumed actual food.  I'm having a conversation with the child.  I haven't screamed or kicked the cat."
“That’s…  A very large balance,” Steve said.
“The whole house,” Tony said.  “By yourself.”
Steve made a face.  “I’m not-”
He looked at DJ.  “She would be so happy that you like it here, too.”
He waved her off.  “Thanks, but I’m good.” He grabbed his pencil, scribbling another few numbers on his notes.  They made about as much sense as the rest of of what he’d written there.
“Tony-” Pepper started, just as another brisk knock at the door brought their heads around.
"It's less of a color and more of a species of mold," Sam said.  “It's-”  He shook his head.  “Objectively, purely objectively?  It's hideous.  I get dizzy every time I knock.”
Steve’s fist thumped against the window.  “We need to go faster.”
Tony blinked at him. “Well, I mean-”
“Again.” Stark tugged his vest back into place, putting himself back into something approaching order with a couple of quick, easy gestures. “Last time I asked you how I might reach you, you pointed at the window and told me to yell my news at a passing bird.”
“Very good, sir, you still have to decorate,” Jarvis said, and Tony burst into laughter.  “And do wash your hands and face before dinner.”
Steve nodded. “I will,” he said.  “Just going to… Unwind a bit.”
“You don’t have to-”
“Well, it would appear that someone pulled another set of strings to get him sent back home,” Happy said, leaning up against the car, his arms crossed over his chest.  “He got his marching orders this afternoon.”
“Deej?”
“Seconded,” Natasha said with a smile.  DJ looked at her.
“Why are-” the Stranges said.
"No," he said, almost sing-song.
She silenced the phone with a flick of one glowing finger.  “Right.  Tell me how you know Barton.”
“And do you, Tony-”
Jarvis staggered under the blow, but he was smiling as he straightened up.  "So pleased to be of service, sir."  He glanced at Steve.  "Lord Odinson, may I present to you Officer Steve Rogers of the NYPD, and DJ, both of whom are our guests this week."  He gestured in the direction of the new arrival.  "Officer Rogers, Lord Thor Odinson of Norway."
DJ’s fingers closed on the white king.  “Yes,” he said.
“What?”
“Evening, Officer Rogers!”
DJ leaned back into the living room.  “Gone,” he said.
“I don’t think I’m up for sale,” Steve said.
“I think,” Jarvis said, cutting Peter off with his usual ruthless efficiency, “that we have done enough thinking for today.”  He paused.  “Don’t you?”
Tony sank down, leaning against the tree trunk, letting his head fall back.  “Common,” he said, with a slight smile.  “Simple.”  He balanced the napkin on his upthrust knee.  “I suppose that might be true, but-” He took a deep breath.  “I’m not sure I care.”
“Or you could just order the stuff I've already marked off on the menu,” Steve pointed out.  “Or ask Jarvis what I ordered last time.”  He shrugged.  “You know.  Like you always do.”
DJ scrambled to his feet, sliding in shoes that were too big for him.  Steve wasn't sure how he'd ended up with shoes that were too big and pants that were too small, but Hammer had a knack of doing everything wrong.  DJ hopped onto a chair, using the extra height to snag the tea tin from the top shelf, and the cups with his other hand.
JK: See, that's what I mean. You need some time to get out of your own head. I hear the Grenadines are nice.
"How many people do we know who have lost someone because a sick man with a grudge figured out who was fighting them under the mask?" Steve says. "How the hell can you possibly think that putting a complete catalog of secret identities within reach is going to protect anyone?"
CLASSIFIED INTERNAL MEMO
TS: Me. You mean handle me.
BIRCH: I found an interview where Doctor Richards mentions playing chess with you—
JV: That sure showed us. And, oh. The thing with the microwave—
Steve is nakedly repulsed.
Nothing is wrong except for all the things that are always wrong. Tony calls those operational conditions; it's like flying under visual flight rules. You can't do anything about the weather, but you can make better instruments. "Nope," he says. "Five-by-five, Cap. Just busy with work." Steve can't complain about that, can he? He's a workaholic. Too. Also.
They went their separate ways eventually—Maya to coax and bully funding out of the military and the corporate world, and Tony to take the throne that had been awarded to him at birth. Tony built a better suit. Maya punched biology in the face until she built a better super-soldier. And then…
In the aftermath, they rebuild. A pocket of Cap's underground refuses to turn themselves in, but they're a small group with capable leaders but no figurehead. Where Rogers goes, the rest follow.
"How about a game?" Tony asks, and Friday, ever responsive, conjures a holographic chess board out of thin air between two stools.
"Give me signal noise from the time you recorded me falling asleep to time of death," Tony says. "Good. Pull out the cell phones—scratch that, bring those back. Map it against projected sleep cycle." It's still too much data.
"What I'm suggesting today—actually, that's a fallacy. What I'm here to demonstrate is that it is possible, that it is
He isn't interested in bonding with Hill, but he recognizes the benefits of keeping her on his side, so he swallows down a bitter pill of pride and gives her a show that feels no less artificial than his performance at the last HomeSec meeting.
"The public would never let that happen."
He's willing to give her the benefit of the doubt on this one; there's something lovely about it, the idea that Happy can hear Pepper's voice despite the lack of cerebral activity, but there's a twin terribleness, too.
BIRCH: Is that a bad thing?
"No," he says.
He doesn't even have to take the armor off to work on it. That's how Reed finds him; they were supposed to meet tonight, but Tony forgot. Reed knows the access codes to the workshop, though, so he shows up anyway. That level of trust is as close to a declaration of brotherhood as Tony can get.
"Dialing," Friday says.
TS: Really? You're kidding me.
"We've run as many simulations as possible, but even then, it's impossible to forecast with any certainty what the outcome will be. We can only exert so much control. You're right, of course, we may try and fail—but if we don't try, then the chance of failure is absolute."
There's a cosmological mystery called the lithium problem. It concerns itself with the early moments of the universe: the nucleosynthesis of the first elements other than the lightest form of hydrogen. All the current models of the big bang correctly predict how much deuterium and helium-3 and helium-4 were born in that infancy; there's no gap between what is calculated and what is observed. But what of the lithium? Based on those otherwise correct models, there should be three or four times more than there actually is; and while the scientific community has put forth an entire hymnal of proposed solutions including several likely candidates that cite dark matter, no one has really ever satisfactorily explained where all that natal lithium went.
dollar supermax prison.
"You aren't above setting a trap," Steve says. "But if you'd set a trap
Meanwhile, there's the armor.
"You," Steve says.
The second thing is that about twenty minutes into the post-shitshow meet-and-greet, three men in dark suits arrive. They confer for a moment by the hors d'oeuvres. Two of them are wearing visible earpieces; beneath their suit jackets are pieces that are less visible. They approach Senator Boynton, who, with the unknowing blindness of a domesticated sheep, does not realize that what comes into the pasture are not dogs but wolves. The man without pieces says something brief to Boynton. There's a ripple of shock on Boynton's face—no, more like the pieceless man is the ripple and Boynton gets caught in the wake.
"They deserve a chance—"
After the undersheath come the external suit devices, built from the subatamic particles up, miracles of nano-engineering. Each component has two names: there are the names Tony uses with his peers, and the names he uses with himself. Here comes the cuirass with its integrated RT core, spreading from his breastbone and his perfect heart down over his ribs; here come the pauldrons, curving over his clavicles and down his shoulderblades. Here are the greaves, the poleyns, the cuisse pair; here are the gauntlets, coming online with the repulsor whine that is now a signature rather than an unavoidable byproduct. Here is the helm with the diamond eyepieces. Here, at last, is the face.
Whatever happened at the end, no one can deny that Tony Stark loved Steve Rogers as dearly as any man ever loved another. I know; I can hear you cursing at me right now, but I am telling you this as someone who saw them together. Steve once said that Tony Stark gave him a home in a time when he was as lost as he had been in a theater of war; and if Stark gave him a home, then in Steve and the Avengers Tony Stark must have found a family. This was not a battle fought by enemies but by brothers. So Tony Stark was there to pay his respects (and maybe make a bit of spectacle, too). Of course he was. He neither spoke nor showed his face, but that's fine. Maybe he really was ordering drone strikes from inside his helmet, or maybe he just couldn't stand to let us see him grieve.
Sue's eyes are hard and clear; there's something titanic behind them, something that might resemble judgment, something that says,
All the best,
BOWMAN: We exist on the cusp of extinction. No one talks about that. A few decades ago, the question was whether we would survive long enough to fling ourselves out among the stars although we had no example of another species doing so. Now we know that alien races exist, but where are our colonies? Why are we not living on the moon, or Mars, or on some distant habitable planet? If something happens to Earth, we're screwed.
BIRCH: It's interesting that you went there.
"Boss?" Friday says, because of course she doesn't have eyes on the situation. She's caught in the phone in his pocket, anchored in a much more literal way. "Are you all right?"
"Do you really think that's going to work, Tony?" Steve says. There's a body laid out on the slab between them.
Steve looks at him hard, right in the face; it's too much, but Tony doesn't flinch. There's something behind the hot blue of Cap's eyes, but it's inscrutable and buried, nothing Tony can reach without revealing too much of himself. He's good at this game, which is its own kind of arms race.
BIRCH: What's the hardest part about working with Steve?
"I did enjoy cutting you off, too—don't mistake me." This time, when her hand falls to his ankle, it stays there. "When they said they were concerned about you, that they needed to contain you, I stepped up to serve my country."
Tony knows how this one goes. He's seen Carol with Rhodey, knows that before Steve Rogers got shot in the heart there might have been the potential there for something strong and satisfying and lasting. He'd just never been sure that Carol wouldn't have dropped everything and raced to throw herself at Drew's feet should Drew ever decide to exercise the option. Maybe Carol has a love like an anchor. Maybe she is anchored still. He wonders if she ever hated herself for being unable to cut the chain.
"All right, Hogan, what's up?"
DAEDALUS: The warheads are ready to launch.
"...Right," Hill says. "Stark, this is your party. What's the situation?"
"I thought Merlin was a hero," Steve says.
"One minute."
VP: I can't make that decision.
"Better," says Lila.
The kid's waiting for him on one of the piers. Lanky, disheveled. He's sitting cross-legged in front of an open laptop. Tony walks out to him and stops ten feet away, numb to how anticlimactic it all is.
Tony knows that. He's thought about letting Happy go before, has even managed it once or twice, but in the end he could never quite resist the temptation to lure Happy back to his employment. There's this writer who's doing a profile on him, and in one of their interviews she implied that Tony has to buy his friends. He'd had the thought long before she gave it voice; it's like an open sore in his mind, the idea that all of the people closest to him have been or currently are on his payroll. If they weren't, maybe they'd be safe.
wasn't on. (Steve was enamored with Sandra Oh. Tony was enamored with Steve's enamoration.) Sometimes Steve would sketch, or Tony would work, or one or both of them would read. Most of the time, though, they talked; there was nothing Tony could imagine that was as good as talking with Steve. They hashed out problems, picked apart their performance, inevitably they talked about the Avengers. More often, though, they let the conversation meander through whichever subjects came to mind. Tony told Steve about all the many accounts written about the Round Table, and Steve told Tony how L. Ron Hubbard wrote so fast he typed on rolls of butcher paper, and then Tony would badger Steve about his refusal to watch a certain documentary on Scientology, and then Steve would mention that he and Arnie had once spent an entire winter eating at a Catholic soup kitchen, which was really his way of asking if Tony would warm up some leftovers because he, Steve, burned about four million calories a day but preferred being fed to feeding himself. If Tony didn't indulge him, he would inevitably stoop to talking about all the potatoes the Army had made him peel. It might very well have been a ruse; Steve was a competent cook, but Tony didn't mind taking care of him.
"Really," Stevie says. God help anyone who tried to move her. She's winning the war on caffeine, and Tony's been reduced to a bystander. Maybe the war's really being waged on insomnia; Rhodey harps about Tony's sleep hygiene, but Tony hadn't thought Stevie noticed enough about Tony's habits to realize the frequency of the problem.
no matter how small or ordinary their contributions seemed. They didn't neglect the practical, but there was a kind of ideological grace behind those discussions that now strikes Tony as impossibly naive.
"Which is why we feel it's important to keep the lines of communication open," Brickman cuts in. "You're the nexus of all this, Mr. Stark."
The quality that Maya has and Tony does not is conviction. Maya doesn't waste time building castles in the sky, Maya doesn't let fear guide her hand, Maya doesn't forego sleep because she wakes in the night paralyzed by doubt. Maya embraces who she is. She builds the future.
How do you explain addiction to a synthetic being? Maybe she can understand the psychological dependency, but there's no way for her to comprehend the way addiction gnaws at you and swallows you. Listen: Tony's an expert at obsessive thinking. He's a natural. He gets an idea in his head and it's like a worm, burrowing into his brain, eating the gray matter until it grows fat and entire, but addiction, addiction took a natural talent and turned it into a calling, until even when he had a drink in his hand he was worrying about the next drink. That's addiction.
"I don't assign value judgments to odors like you lesser creatures," Friday says.
You have fallen far, Tony." The satiation increases, but there's no pleasure in her face. "I'm going to make you ask, by the way," she says. "Ask me. Go ahead. Do it."
"But the cost in event of failure—come on, Stretch, that's high, too. Higher than we can afford, if we haven't managed to account for all the major factors."
"Would I be rude enough to remark on the sleep habits of scientists?" Friday says, a little blandly. "Sally Floyd is still tryin' to get that interview—"
"Please," she adds. Her eyes open. She keeps talking like she isn't crying at all, neither acknowledging nor conceding to the wet trails on her face. "You should go. You have a meeting, don't you?"
He's working on training himself out of that. The results of the Extremis enhancile allow him to directly alter his neural pathways; it's only a matter of conditioning and a few lines of the right code to wean his body off of sleeping. He's doing it carefully this time, systematically—during his last attempt, he rushed the process, and Mordred exploited his lapse. Isn't that how it always is? Someone younger and smarter comes along and leaves you and all your planning in the dust. In the meantime, he still feels tired. It's psychological driftwood, the remains of a previous release of Tony Stark. He drinks coffee as a temporary relief agent. Sometimes he forgets about the coffee, and the coffee gets cold. Cause and effect.
Mr. Grey is a white man standing 5'9" with silvering hair. He has glasses and at the time of his disappearance was wearing blue jeans and a Sioux Falls Cougars t-shirt. Mr. Grey also has a large birthmark on his right arm.
"Business as usual," Tony agrees, "although it couldn't hurt to have you watching her back in case Hill decides to abandon subtlety."
0704200123987.100.9
He lost the secret identity but kept the armor, and the armor is better. It will be better. That's what he has to figure out: how to make the armor absolute, impenetrable, smart enough and tough enough and strong enough to make up for all his human sins. The external suit is assembled in front of him; the finish on the Model 29 is matte, but to Tony's eyes it gleams nonetheless. He sees the whole of it, not just the surface matter.
