Either way, he's scrambling for something to hold onto, and he has a sinking feeling that when Steve snaps, Tony will break with him.
“That obvious?”
He braces himself. "Why?"
She moves to sit down on the bed, creaking its wooden frame, and pats the space next to her in invitation. "You're always welcome here, no matter what foolish things my Stevie's done to make you look at him like that - "
In the privacy of the apartment's small living room, Steve lets himself properly reorient what he knows about Tony. The untameable hair is a constant, but with a more angular, clean-shaven face, Steve understands why Tony wouldn't have any hardship getting girls in bed. His suit, clearly thrown on carelessly over a smudged shirt, screams of all the wealth Tony never used to care about.
That earns a wan smile from Steve. Something fiercely bitter claws at him that he clamps down. Better to put his anger and resentment into finding Tony.
For once, Steve trades a glance with Carol, and finds he
Where was his place outside the war?
"We've settled it before that you can't know everything," Steve reminds him, eyes darting around to ensure they aren't being listened to. "You know I - I love you. I do. But there are things I can't tell you, no matter what, and we agreed on that."
He thought Steve would understand.
Somehow, Tony’s cheeks were more gaunt than the photographs suggested. There were shadows beneath his eyes despite the straightness of his back.
Once sure that Tony is in the bathroom, Steve goes back down to slowly bring Liberty up to his own room, where her bed is wedged right next to Steve’s bed. By the time he finishes tucking her in, he hears the shower stop. He moves to sit at the dining table. One more thing: he boils the kettle to make some black coffee for Tony, tea for himself.
Steve says he finds the noise calming. He hadn’t been used to the eerie silence of the large halls, and Tony finds safe harbour in the echo of his own dislike for empty halls.
. His mind drifts to Ty and Sunset, who was in his room, their heads bent over the latest magazines.
Coffee, bitter and warm. Tony’s lips press hard against him, pushing, and pushing Steve until Steve’s back hits the edge of the table and Liberty barks. Tony makes no pause, tongue swiping between Steve’s lips, hot and desperate and –
Tonight, Steve puts on a warm sweater and attaches Liberty's pack on her back.
“Seems I won her over,” Tony grins wide, then, “hey, hey come on, big lady, let me up,” he gently shoves Liberty off his chest to sit up by the doorway, and Steve darts forward to close the door, stopping any more chill from coming in.
"Then why was Steve protecting
“Maybe tomorrow,” Steve takes a flower from the marketstand and tucks its bright red petals behind Tony's ear.
Sarah tuts at him. "I know both of you, and I know how bullheaded you two get. Tony isn't one for giving up."
"There's no need to when you've been a gremlin in your lab all that time."
He thinks of baking with Jarvis, and gardening with Ana. Of taking apart the washing machine and putting it back together again before anyone comes home. He guesses Steve doesn’t do any that. “What’s it – what’s it like? At your house?”
“Option B, then. You’re too polite,” Tony takes the pile of pizza boxes from Steve and puts them back on the table. “Listen. I’ve been talking about camels when all I want it to talk about is what you’ve got going under that shirt – ”
Tony wonders if his life will always be a choice between disappointing Steve and disappointing his family.
"No more fun-vee for you," Rhodey comes around to settle on the chopper's floor beside Steve. "You're in for one hell of a debrief."
They might not have talked for a decade, Steve might not recognise the person Tony is now, but he has to believe that there is more good than bad in Tony, has to have faith that the kind boy who was once his friend from a long lost childhood still remains, even if Steve might never meet him again.
A rustle of paper. Then, Tony's slightly strangled voice. “What's this?”
“I can’t believe SHIELD has paperwork about proposals.”
Steve gives him a very unimpressed look. This dating while guarding Tony thing was becoming a logistical nightmare - mostly because of the guarding part, but also because Steve very understandably would like the man he adores to be kept safe. Which is difficult to do when said man insists on trying to escape Steve's watchful eye.
The chatter stops.
, and a genius in his own right.
The lines are rough, imperfect, the artist still learning how to capture light, but Tony knows it must have taken hours, and he doesn't think his photographs could compare to it.
Still, all those efforts must have failed in making Tony comfortable enough with Steve's presence, and Tony wouldn’t be so unkind to ask Steve to move out.
Mondays are for endlessly boring meetings. He had to impress the board of directors - all old, grey men crumbling in their seats - to make them trust him enough despite his wild reputation.
Steve will leave the interrogations to Bucky.
"You know I can't give you everything," she calmly boils water in her kitchen.
“Isn't saving lives enough to be a reason?” Tony glibly dismisses, shifting his hand slightly to get more of Steve's hair out of the way. “What made
Sam flips up his flight goggles, meeting Steve dead in the eye. "He's not listening to Rhodey, so do your best to calm him or that chopper's not going to be able to take off safely."
"Even if he did, I'd throw the papers in a fire."
"Mrs. Stark," Steve loudly greets, purposeful enough to stop Tony. Over Tony's shoulder, he's lucky he spotted Maria's approach before she heard snippets of their conversation, although less lucky when Howard approaches together with her. "Mr. Stark," Steve greets too.
Dimly, he hears Sam dressing down the man – Hodge – in no uncertain terms.
When Tony leans up to glance at his leg, he manages to see the remains of Steve's suit jacket tied loosely around his upper leg before his ribs hurt too much to keep sitting up.
“You think Fury’s hiding something?” Steve rolls the words around, weighing them.
“Sure,” Steve’s grin is a wide as ever.
Pleading the fifth, Tony decides that if his mind insists on him being caught in this embarassing fever dream, he might as well enjoy it.
"How can you be so
' her questions had gone on until Thor had parked the firetruck in the ER bay.
A lot had changed in ten years, and his world was crumbling around him.
“With dessert.”
He blinks again.
“She’s in there,” Steve points at his closed bedroom door.
. Almost proud, and most certainly adoring.
“Come on, then,” Steve stands up.
“Perfect,” Steve replies flatly. “Then you know the way
Even before they became friends, Steve had already known him better than most.
“I wouldn’t want to impose.”
"Park Avenue. Next week," Steve repeats blankly.
“Well, I do,” Tony’s smile turns into a friendly smirk. “Gotta check out my competition.”
Tony blinks again. “Well, I'd want to kiss you first.”
With her gray hairs, it's easy to dismiss Peggy Carter as an old woman nearing irrelevance, but Peggy didn't rise to her position by sitting back, and she didn't keep her power by bending to lesser men. She holds Stane's gaze until Stane pushes his chair away from the table to stand.
"Not anymore. Pepper and Rhodey and Happy are my people now."
He needs this to work. He’s one month late from the deadline, and while usually he has no trouble skipping happily over time limits, the Stark Intellicrops are about
Steve laughs. “If I have to hear
A dial tone, and then, a very disgruntled voice: "this better be fucking good, Rogers."
When Tony takes a peek around at Steve's confused face, the plaid shirt is thankfully buttoned up properly, even if he feels a twinge of disappointment at the loss of those toned muscles. “I thought Obie would be more excited," he picks up a pebble from the ground, tossing it out over the cliff, into the sea. "We could revolutionize the prosthetics industry.”
He's grown enough to recognise that he
"Mr. Stark," the blonde reporter raises her hand. "Your father has always had a policy of having the bigger stick. How does this change the company's choices going forward?"
“Warm enough and warm aren’t the same thing,” Steve grins.
“And that’s a perfectly sound reason to barge into a stranger’s room,” Steve dryly observes.
“What?”
“I know. I
Rogers huffs out a soft laugh. “I'm sure you know Carol is the best,” he starts, “we just – ”
"I don't believe you were thinking."
But in the long run, this was less cruel. Less drawing things out, and Steve wouldn’t have nightmares of Tony dying, or of the blood slowly pooling around him. Of the helplessness, and of Tony’s face going slack – Tony has seen more than enough death to be grateful that his death won’t be among Steve’s crystal memories.
"Fancy pacemaker."
“Our ambulance got the driver out already. That was the worst of it,” she reports, “Banner went with the ambulance. We called for back up ‘cause some of these Nozzle Heads got hurt doing a bit of lifting.”
. This was… infinitely better than a loud party. It’s honest, thoughtful. He tamps down the swell of – of everything that fills him overflowing. He wonders how long Tony had taken to plan this. He wonders – “Why today?”
"And just for that," Tony huffs, "we're going to have our first date at your bar. I expect it to be on the house."
But whether it's an old friend who smells like home or a stranger who tastes like a hundred different women, Steve doesn't know.
Tony presses his hand on the glass, humming quietly to not disturb the other babies. “Heart rate strong,” he checks off her clipboard. “Oxygen levels high. Bit of a fever, but you're a fighter, aren't you?”
Bruce saves them in the nick of time during a battle, and Tony proposes to the Hulk with a very breathless ‘
"Can't," Tony unscrews another bolt from the remnants of his rudimentary holotable. There'll be time enough to improve it when he gets to Malibu. "I've got to pack this all up."
“The treats will distract her on your way home, stop her from getting too anxious in the cab.”
It sets a bad image for Steve to be checking his phone during a meeting with the Secretary of State and the World Security Council in the wake of the Manila attack, but he's Captain America. He has more persistent things to handle than the endless ramblings of bureaucrats.
Disappointing Steve was the worst, wasn't it? "You should go, Cap. I'm sure the sun won't be the thing that kills me today."
“Because they’d
"Stevie?" Bucky tries again. "You okay?"
The concept of saving money was foreign to Tony, but Tony
, he’s imagined this moment a million times before. He’s drafted a thousand more apologies in his mind.
Tony closes both his eyes. “I’m completely fine – ”
"It's good to hear you," Steve pats the wall beneath one of the cameras he remembers. "Will Pepper's card give me workshop access?"
What does the future hold for him if he isn't welcome in that heart any longer?
He could’ve gone to research, churning out medical patents for a fortune, but he had put himself under Doctor Hank Pym’s strict tutelage, proving himself as an intern in cardiology, climbing the ranks until he’d gotten to be SHIELD Memorial’s new leading emergency response doctor.
There's a blinking red light, which doesn't bode well.
“I'm sure,” Steve promises. Then, to placate her, he adds, “come by the station more often, Miss Khan. You can watch the EMTs train.”
, they know. They know.
The piano melody from JARVIS restarts.
"More than fifty," he twists around to avoid being spotted by a director's wife. "Also, alcohol is wasted on you so lemme have the fun."
“Don’t bother," he bites out. "You didn’t bother telling me about this.”
"I think it's pretty secluded." There's a little furrow between Steve's brows. "Small chance of assassination, and it's a great vantage point."
"And has the government always been a friend to the people?"
In Tony’s very informed opinion, Steve was far too calm about this.
"I suppose this is where the magic happens," he forces the words out, because if he moves first, he might be able to grapple some advantage over this.
Steve bites his chapped lip, pulling it between his teeth adorably and
with the secrets and lies.
There are a thousand and one excuses on the tip of his tongue. He says none of them.
“I’m saving it,” Steve defiantly replies, almost daring Tony to mock him.
“Captain!” Thor greets him boisterously from the fire station’s kitchen, head poking out of the fridge where they keep the girl scout cookies.
Steve thinks that maybe, if Tony weren’t so forbidden, they might have become friends. Two people, uninterested in the wiles of the spoiled like her.
"Maybe I will."
"Yes, except three more agents on this floor."
Across the table, Tony sticks his tongue out just the slightest bit – enough for Steve to notice it and nudge Tony's ankles in warning beneath the table. Unfortunately – or perhaps, fortunately – that only gives Tony the leverage to tangle their legs together.
“I wouldn’t want to deprive you,” Steve continues to stare.
"Only because you're twice the trouble that I am."
“Hey, hey” Steve’s warm hand cups Tony’s cheek, “slow down. What matters is that you’re alright now.”
Tony frowns. “Didn’t you meet him already?”
“What about Doctor Stark? Sam said you met the vet?”
“Do you lure unsuspecting patients to do your paperwork for you?” he asks blandly as he fills out the details of the accident, peeking from over the top of the clipboard to gauge the doctor’s reaction.
“You're not working, are you?” Tony doesn't bother saying hello, pushing past Steve and whistling at the fireman's pole at the center of the garage. The plastic bag he's carrying bumps into Steve's thigh, cold and hard.
That’s also good.
Better, faster, cheaper. Tony forces himself to the brink, until all he can see is the sprawling, curving lines of his designs, looping around itself, again and again, a circle no one can break.
He had Peggy’s dance, and now Tony’s smile, Thor’s hugs, Natasha’s company. A family of sorts.
“Marry me.”
He hasn't dated in a long time.
"Oh, thank
Steve has been through this enough times to understand the too-gentle tone of her voice. He nods. “Let me get you a cab.”
“You – ” Steve frowns, treading lightly, “is your heart – are you alright?”
“Are you
Always righteous. Tony could never be as sure as Steve, could never shake off the largeness of Obie's hand on his shoulder or the doubts that lingered even after everyone tried to convince him otherwise.
"I don't know you," Steve starts, "I know you used to recite the Fibonnaci when you needed to fall asleep, that you've memorised Pi to the thousandth digit but can't remember what you had for breakfast. I know you discovered AI and built a bot to help you hold things."
"Aunt Pegs, I don't understand how a Greek monster has anything to do with - "
Doctor Erskine had only been the first in a long list of innocents tied up in a violent war nobody was going to win.
There's the small mercy that the will reading hadn't taken place in the Stark Mansion, Pepper choosing the more neutral New York Stark Offices. He swallows down the wave of nausea that had hit him when Pepper had taken the remarkably plain piece of paper out of the envelope.
When Tony manages to open his eyes again, the light is much more bearable, and Steve’s book is on the coffee table, its paper cover curving up. Vaguely, he remembers buying it for Steve on their... sixth date? They’d ducked into a bookshop to avoid the rain, and Steve’s hand had been warm in his.
“But apparently you think I’m heartless.” Tony thinks back on how Steve liked to dislike all the students of the school, thinks of Steve calling them dull and vain, thinks of how Steve must have talked about Tony like that too. “If you want me out of your life, there’s no need to lie to me. I’ll go.”
"Tony," Steve stands up too, and suddenly he's standing in front of him, reaching out to take Tony's tangled hands, just as he'd always done when Tony had been frustrated as a child.
“Of course.”
about the future, and everything about the hope for a better world.
“Not why you’re trying to get yourself kicked out of here, though,” he tries to steer them back to the question at hand. “You have no friends here. Your books are barely unpacked. You’ve decided you’re not here to stay.”
“We can make it work," he insists, because he's made
“I’m sorry.”
getting bigger. “So ten more minutes?”
“Because I know the man I loved!” Steve roars.
“I thought Libby only didn’t like the men I brought home. Turns out she has something about the ladies too.”
He’s not afraid of that. He’s afraid they’re going to break themselves trying the impossible to save him. “I know,” Tony assures her.
Besides, this is
“Oh really?" Tony says. "I thought you forgot about that.” His voice is scratchier and deeper than Steve remembered.
mentioning you," Tony runs a frustrated hand through his hair, "I could have just gone to her instead of him."
Tony makes a face. "The Secretary?" He's not sure anyone who voluntarily comes to a gala thrown by Howard can be called good.
He's forgotten what it's like to be in the affections of someone as stubbornly hopeful as Steve - the way Steve had collected his wishes and remembers them for a rainy day like this when Tony can't find the faith to hope anymore. It's Steve who believes in those wishes for Tony, who fights the fight in Tony's stead when Tony can't muster the strength to keep fighting against the futility of everything.
“I don’t like being this far from home,” Steve admits.
Steve would rather not think of Fury while he's hugging anything.
Tired of waiting for the ambulance to steer past the last chaos of cars, Tony steps out, jogging the few remaining meters to the temporary police line set up. “Medic,” he holds up the badge around his neck –
“I take it Captain Rogers is injured?” he asks, stepping the last few feet to the firetruck.
Tony scrunches his nose, eyes closed. “Ugh,” he mutters, hands moving to pat Liberty’s head, knocking onto Steve’s hand on her collar. Steve freezes. He watches tensely as Tony peeks open an eye, waiting for the curses and the anger to come spitting out of Tony, and he’s –
Wood has its own fuel: organic methane. Heat it up hot enough, and it would decompose its own self in the heat, burning bridges to smoke and ash.
“Hey, Tony?” Steve feels a warmth bloom in his chest. “You mentioned a private jet?”
Part of SHIELD's elite STRIKE team, Steve spends his nights hunting down HYDRA and his days keeping tabs on the people most important to him. If those people also happen to be among the most important people in the world, it's an extra perk that lets him keep Tony safe without too much interference from SHIELD.
Rhodey calls in when Steve's plane is above Myanmar. His head is wrapped in bandages, medical staff milling in the background of the video feed.
Good enough. Still, everything’s a learning experience, and as they start pushing the gurney away from the ambulance’s flaring lights, Tony adds, “fractured ribs from the fire extinguisher falling on him.”
While Steve might not have cared, Tony cared too much. It was one of the many things Howard found disappointing in Tony, the lack of ruthless salesmanship, and for once, Tony understands fully why it was easier, less hurtful to not care. And yet, it was too late.
The wall Steve is facing is grey concrete.
, Clint would say. Except, that isn't the reason: Steve knows what it's like to lose someone, knows the dread of waiting for someone to come home, the late nights and dinners growing cold when they don't make it. He admires Jane's fortitude for loving a man who she might lose any day, for loving Thor who has given his heart to the duty of saving others first.
Torn, Happy looks at Tony, then the woman - her press badge reads
If she had told Tony about Steve half a decade ago, Tony wouldn't have listened to her.
“It’s stupid.”
"Tony likes to say we're similar. We badger him too much about taking care of himself," Pepper fishes a key card from her pocket, passing it to Steve under the table. "But I take chaos and try to shape it into order," she continues. "You, Captain, you take chaos and find the good in it."
"Are you projecting your issues on me?" Steve smiles back. "If you really want company, Clint's always free."
He’s fortunate enough that Steve has finally given him access to a StarkPad, especially since Steve’s trip for food had taken longer than expected, leaving Tony to mull his thoughts alone.
He already
Steve stares.
when you've changed the world and retired to be a florist."
, which Jarvis says is honestly true. Except, Jarvis calls Tony that fondly, and Steve would most likely mean it in the rudest sense of the word.
“Go be a hero, Doctor,” Steve gives him a small salute.
“Rogers-Stark,” Tony laughs.
“Does this mean we’re not arguing anymore?” Tony asks, and he realises he must be far drowsier than he thought if he’s asking pointless questions.
Making Steve afraid - perhaps even disgusted - of him wasn't the purpose, especially when he still loves Steve so much it hurts, and yet Tony is quickly realising there isn't any other way to push Steve away from this war on HYDRA.
“Out?”
“Thank you for the pizza.”
"Ms. Potts and I both agree you need more rest - you wouldn't even stay in the hospital for more than a week."
"Steve," Tony whispers back, the pieces falling into place.
"For safekeeping," he insists. "If you ever need help, if Steve ever - " that thought didn't bear thinking, "plug it into the nearest computer and it'll do the rest."
at him, the relief clear.
“Captain Rogers.”
"You and Rhodey? I know."
"Yeah?"
“Unless I want to be attacked by your needles,” Steve finishes for him, knowing when he's being dismissed. “I should stop crowding up your ER?”
"Mr. Stane wanted the natural light to come in," Pepper says. "Made a whole riot about how it's Central Park out there and the image we need."
Steve's hands don't shake.
“I don’t recall hearing a proposal,” Steve tips his head to the side, “Tony Stark, making an honest man of me?”
“Tony, you still there?” the comm in his ear crackles.
"Right," Tony takes a deep breath. "Do you trust me?"
“When Cap's gotten the kids out, I need you to replace the power supply of the incubators. They're running on emergency power right now.”
“I'm a respectable man, Captain. Dinner first, then bed, then the showers.”
“She took care of me – my Ma was kind and brave and she was
Frowning, he glances at the clock. Oh. It's two in the morning, and with Peggy retiring, the more prickly Agent Fury is on the phone. Steve forges onwards.
Tony shrugs and takes a long gulp of his coffee. “Well? Do you want pizza?”
She puts down her cup soundlessly. "Not at first." Her eyes meet Tony's, all too knowing. "But when he learned that a Stark was developing the serum, he asked me about you, and how you were doing."
" Tony wags a finger in the air, "I'll have you know - "
? The thought comes as a punch. How many years had they spent loving each other in the wrong ways? Steve keeping assassins at bay and Tony adding shields to protect him? How does he move on after this?
So all things considered, Tony has to concede that a few more days in the med wing might be warranted.
“JARVIS, please tell Pepper to cancel Tony’s eleven o’clock meeting,” he says in hushed whispers, pulling their thick blankets over Tony. The reply comes as a barely audible chime, their room’s windows darkening themselves at JARVIS’ silent command.
“You’re, uh, you’re the doctor,” and Steve feels his own cheeks warm. A beat of silence, and he cautiously adds, “you know more about… bodies.”
' bubble appears straight away, Tony's reply coming through a heartbeat later. It makes Steve laugh, clutching his phone and glancing carefully around the room.
“He made me have some Tylenol.”
From the reflection of the storefront windows they're facing, Steve sees one of the armors prepare to let out a blast, and he raises his shield above their heads, curling his body around Tony's to keep the falling debris from hitting Tony's unprotected body.
Tony takes a second to mouth those words rebelliously at Steve. '
That wasn’t fair. Did Steve really think so little of Tony? Was all this just a fun game for Steve, meant to be forgotten? The questions pile up until all Tony can think of is: “How can you
"The truth. You were changing the world, and you were as happy as you could be. He would always go back out fighting with more purpose."
Something cold presses on his lips. An ice chip.
Testing the waters more than he should, Steve nods. "And am I to keep my current assignment?"
Wrong answer. It only provides Rhodey an extra point of attack that he relishes. “Has Mr. Jarvis gotten along with your murderbot yet?”
After everything comes crashing down, he'll need a place to rebuild, to call his own.
If he was still fifteen, he might have argued that there's nothing at all boring with his name,
"No, I - " he shakes his head. "You should know." Didn't his SHIELD-assigned psychologist say something about letting things out? "It's why I followed Peggy - Agent Carter - out of the Army, and - "
Steve shakes his head. "Don't be reckless."
“Keep up, Captain,” Bruce says, a smirk curling his lips up into a rare smile. “Stark's the second-smartest man of the century.”
They were children in boarding school when Tony had dreamt about flying cars and rockets to reach the stars. They were fourteen when Tony had admitted quietly into the night:
"Peggy can pull some strings," Steve scrambles for anything to hold onto because Tony cannot be gone.
"I keep my promises."
Signalling to Sam, Steve calls him over to help carry Tony the last few feet into the waiting medevac chopper.
He assesses the paleness of the patient's skin, the blueness of her fingernails and the sweat dripping down her hairline.
The lady stands up to extend a hand, her fingernails painted as red as her hair, her flowery dress an even more distant contrast to Tony's crumpled shirt.
Giving Steve his first smartphone was weird. Granted, Tony was in his thirty second hour without sleep, but the worry creasing Steve's brows wasn't good.
“The little boy who was quiet and scared but who offered to be brave for another scared boy? That’s who I fell in love with,” Steve tells him. “The kind, brilliant young man who believed he could change the world, who believed everyone else could too?” he lets out a bitter laugh. “That’s who I stayed in love with.”
"Captain Rogers. 35-45-55-1967," he confirms his identity.
Sam shakes his head. “I’ll grab the Shepperd’s back legs, you do the same for Libby.”
Steve shakes his head, looking up at Tony from where he’s
“Thank you.”
The vast hull of the ship is filled with unmarked crates of weapons.
Weeks of silence meant that Steve thought Tony had really built a pyre out of the old scraps of paper.
Steve scoffs, disbelieving and heartbroken, and Tony wishes he didn’t have to do this. Wishes he didn’t have to choose between happiness and keeping Steve safe. Wishes he didn’t have to lie like this.
“Why did you become a vet?” Steve finds himself blurting out before he can stop it, then he winces and tries to walk it back. “No offense – I just – you’re a Stark.”
"Steve."
"But you don't - "
Years of training is the only thing that stops Steve from showing surprise. "That's supposed to be confidential," he manages to answer evenly.
Ostentatious as ever, the diamond stares back up at him. There isn't even a fleck of blood left on it, even though it had been covered in red when Tony had been called up to - to identify their bodies.
His mother had been one of the kindest people he knew, and Stark was... well.
“You’ve never needed me,” Steve cuts him with the truth.
“You could simply ask him,” Natasha pipes up as she walks past their table.
There are other things he
The Lumerian Star is a formidable ship.
The nickname makes Steve forget his sour mood. “Whose life did you save, today?” he asks slowly.
Steve sighs, swiping his screen, reading the messages over and over again until the final message comes through.
The doctor makes a noise of disapproval. "I recommend soft foods for Mr. Stark - "
to back it up.
He starts packing his suitcase, mulling over how he should word his temporary absence to the other Avengers.
The last time he had tried to draw Tony, he had been frustrated at his inability to properly capture the fervent wonder in Tony, the constant, jittery movement, the kindness in his measured hands.
have a full-time job apart from crazy firefighters handing off patients to him.
Steve steps closer, reaching up to touch the bottom edges of the eagle's wing, the soft brown fur that gently greets him. He himself hadn't gotten much sleep either last night, and he isn't blameless in letting the stress of the past few months turn into sharp words.
The words slap.
In the bustle of New York, that enjoyment often meant the famous Romanoff Bar, conveniently located three blocks down from the hospital, a midway point between Tony’s penthouse and work.
an intermezzo before the chaos. hope you all are staying safe and doing well <3
Tony shoves his hands into his pockets, rocking on his heels. “You’d look great in either. Both. The red?”
For Peggy to be so terrified to pull Steve off this mission means something went horribly wrong. It might mean that they need Captain America, or at the very least, the supersoldier beneath the stars and stripes.
This was the first step, Steve promised himself, to doing things right.
Rogers takes a casual sip of his beer.
“Ma can’t afford to send me home for Christmas,” Steve replies, eyes fixed on his books, studiously avoiding Tony.
“Seconded.”
“I’m not looking for a one night stand.”
When Bruce grins, it's all teeth. “I am.”
His chin juts out defensively, growing more doubtful of Tony’s presence.
“You’re insufferable,” Tony chokes out, digging his elbow into Steve’s ribs.
“You’re what?”
, Tony has to remind himself. Things have to end at that line.
Tony feels his chest tighten. “Hey, Sourpatch. I’m gonna need you to do a hell lot of things for me, but it’ll be the last time so consider it – ”
Steve's heart can have nothing to do with the mission.
"So, about that date tonight - "
of what Steve had done to drive Tony away, had made Bucky roll his eyes.
benefits to dating a firefighter too."
Tomorrow, the storm begins.
been in a fling during college, he's learned that Whitney and Ty were two peas in a pod better left far, far away.
He holds onto Steve's hand.
"The burnt chocolate chip cookies from the kitchen, yes. Might I remind you that we were
Steve finally meets his eyes with something other than anger etched on his face. "I would trust Tony with my life, ma'am."
"I'm a nurse, dear," Sarah smiles, all too knowing, "it's in my bones to heal."
The workshop's chaos is achingly familiar. An unfinished coffee cup by the holotable. Several cars in various states of dismantling. And of course - DUM-E, rolling happily to Steve. Another bot that Steve doesn't recognise rolls over, on its arm a massive letter
"I won't, punk. Once is enough."
“So, are we waiting for a cab, or taking the train?” he asks her.
The line cuts off. Steve has one more call to make.
No, that's a cardiogram.
Tony wouldn’t mock anyone for that. “What are you saving up for?”
, I love you,” Tony shifts his head to kiss Steve's shoulder. “Marry me?”
Steve bolts upright, sitting up in bed.
“Captain Rogers,” and there’s Doctor Stark, slumped in Steve's corner seat. “I heard you saved another damsel in distress this morning.”
hours with in the past, and keeps himself steady as they barrage him with questions. It was always the smart ones who wormed their way into his curiosity. This time, it's no different.
Peggy clicks her tongue. "
Tony jerks his hands away, pretending to busy himself with tidying up the first aid kit.
. So you'll be safe from bombs and DUM-E's occasional fire extinguishers."
"No, I just - " he taps on one of the pictures. A selfie with a supermodel. He scrolls down a few days. Snapshots of some welding gear. A newspaper report about veterans and Captain America's legacy. Steve swallows. He scrolls down some more until he reaches the last picture. "JARVIS, is this what I think this is?"
"There's nothing to be sorry for."
The song loops back to it's beginning, bells chiming and the radio belting out '
“You were saving my life,” he tries to make sense of everything.
Steve pastes a friendly smile on his face despite his confusion. In the few months since they moved into the Tower, Steve hasn’t seen Tony this relaxed or playfully happy. That’s the reason – the
The paint splatters on Steve’s hands are bright. A spot of green, a splash of yellow, drying up as Steve twists his hands together. Tony wonders what colors his own hands would be – drenched with red or covered with grey ash?
amusing.
Letting Liberty in the door, Steve hangs his coat on the hook and sighs. Doctor Stark’s advice had been sound enough, but tonight’s date had gone to bust the moment Liberty nearly bit off Sharon’s hand.
Tony can't quite tell if Rogers' slanted lips are a sign of disapproval or amusement. “Everything is good in moderation,” he shrugs at the Captain.
Glass windows stretch from floor to ceiling. The grand piano sits in the corner, a thin sheet of dust covering it. The sofa is the same one that Steve had fallen asleep on a decade ago as he waited for Tony to come out of the workshop, wondering,
“I'm here,” Sam says into the phone.
Steve thinks of the painting he has to do for his gallery showing, of the painting he promised Tony. His heart calms, slowing down as excitement settles into a resolve, deeper and more final.
"Do I have to be the one to tell Tony?" Steve stops his pacing.
Steve has no choice except to leave Maria with Howard and remember to later file a request for extra protection assigned to her. Howard Stark might hold legal ownership over the company, but it was Maria who held the fragile empire together.
"I can protect myself, you know."
“It’s just a thank you. '
Nothing about how rich Tony was, or about Tony's fame.
He pushes it away and thinks of what’s real. What’s here.
“Brooklyn,” Steve answers.
“When it gets me free food while I’m hungry, yes.”
Then, his gaze lands back on his hands, still securely held between Steve’s.
“Do you love me or the puddings?” Steve sits in the armchair beside the bed – armchair, because Tony had designed this med wing and he’d refused to have crappy plastic chairs.
paramedic in the ambulance, he checks the appropriate boxes. “No loitering in my ER,” he tells the firefighter. That is usually enough to get people to scram, but by the boots at edge of Tony’s vision, the man is still loitering. Tony sighs. “Either you’re here to watch until Officer Danvers comes to arrest your guy for arson, or you’re trying to give me his patient details.”
Thor and Bruce are out handling a dispatch call with a fallen tree branch, so he can't ask them for help.
"Obie's been siding with Howard more these days," Tony sighs. And Steve knows how much it pains Tony to keep their relationship a secret from someone he once considered close family. The only people in the mansion who knew the truth about their soirees are the Jarvises. Not even Maria Stark was privy to the truth.
Asia is somewhere he’s never visited, and it’s a clean slate without any memory of war. It’ll be good: he can excuse it to Fury by saying he’s building diplomatic ties, and JARVIS, helpful as ever, puts together for him an itinerary hopping from the coasts of Sulawesi to the stupas of Bagan.
“Did you bring home donuts?”
, Doctor?”
Tony blanches, before visibly seizing on the opportunity. "We went to school together," he sends Steve a shit-eating grin, "and he caught me stealing some flowers."
Pulling off his damp shirt from his morning run, he tosses it next to the towel. They can deal with the mess later. He kisses the corner of Tony’s mouth, then settles himself on the bed, huffing softly to himself as Tony unconsciously shifts towards him, back pressed into Steve’s stomach.
“I eat pineapples on pizza just for you,” Tony grumbles. He curls up around Steve’s side, ending up with his head in Steve’s lap and glaring at Steve with the slightest pout.
In the end, it's Tony that comes to Steve, stumbling across the sand beside Rhodey, teeth gritted in a distinctly stubborn look that Steve had feared he might never see again. This Tony is vastly different from the man splayed across magazine cover - Steve scans his face quickly, desperately, noting down the unruly stubble, the afternoon sun making Tony's eyes squint in a grimace like he would when waking up in the morning, and the - the bright light?
Steve starts to reply, but another knock on the window stops him. Sam is pointing down, his words urgent. "I see someone!"
Tony whistles, low. “Didn’t know you were a stalker.”
Steve snorts, loud, and Stane glares daggers at him, but he laughs anyway, his cheeks wet - why
"Then it means something's wrong and you haven't been telling me everything."
The holidays are boring without Steve, but he's missed Jarvis long enough that the days pass by quickly enough. He bakes a cake with Jarvis and plucks some of Ana's flowers to send over to the Rogers' household - after Jarvis had kindly reminded Tony that buying them a new house without a discussion wouldn't be a very acceptable gift.
"It's not you, it's - "
“That's good.”
There are days that Tony wishes it were easier for him to be Howard’s perfect son. And there are days that his curiosity flares brighter than that. Today, as he sees something dangerous flash in Steve’s eyes, he finds that the curiosity wins.
turned out to be bad eggs. Rumlow had been a cheating ass, and Liberty had scratched Rumlow so badly that stitches were needed. The same thing had happened to Rollins who Steve had nearly punched in the face for what the man was doing behind Steve’s back.
Steve doesn't look very happy with that, brows creasing with concern. “Take care, Doctor Stark.”
"No pizza," Tony grins wider. "Just bed, and you."
he could admire forever the way Tony’s cheeks crinkled when he laughed, or the way Tony would scrunch up his nose when Steve mentions pineapple on pizza.
"I'm buying it," Tony says, and when Pepper starts to sputter, he adds, "I'm building a house here. Consider it a cost cutting measure, no more fancy hotels when I visit here."
Steve can practically hear Tony's teeth grinding. "I'll thank you," Tony says with no small amount of bitterness, "to look at yourself in the mirror."
“Strategy was what got me that Medal. Stane wouldn’t be suing you without strategy.”
“Nothing much. We don’t have any of this,” Steve waves at his bedroom. “But there’s my Ma and Bucky. We used to sneak to Coney Island together, hitch a ride on one of the rollercoasters. He’d scream and we’d try to win something to bring home for his sisters.”
“He has Jane's attention,” Steve doesn't even bother glancing at Thor going toe-to-toe with Banner in an arm wrestling match, a crowd of spectators surrounding them. “Besides, it's time the firefighters claimed this bar back from Carol's officers.”
Tony turns away. "No letters, no news. What happened to your empty promises,
"I don't like this any more than you do," Rhodey reminds him through gritted teeth, "he's my friend. And I stayed by him through the worst and the best. That's more than you can say, Captain."
," Tony curses. Then, more quietly, "Stark weapons?"
Together with him, Steve rolls the gurney into the ER, parking it next to a free hospital bed. Then, with Mrs. Carter gripping Steve’s arm tight, they lift her onto the bed, taking special care with her cut up legs.
A few minutes later, Tony walks out, wearing the same red shirt he had come with, hair floppy and wet. The dampness of it must’ve dripped down on Tony’s shirt, though, because wet spots on the shirt cling revealingly tight across Tony’s chest – hints of his collarbone peeking through.
A few beats of silence pass. Steve breaks first, clearly disgruntled by his own impatience.
Steve, Rhodey, Pepper, Bruce, Happy, Thor – how much had Tony’s family grown? He feels strangely full, knowing that he’s had the chance to share in their joys and troubles, to put smiles on their faces and to smile in the starlight of their happiness. He doesn’t want those smiles to become unhappy.
He lets himself sleep.
Steve freezes.
Steve seems appropriately chastised, offering Tony his injured hand silently. The left one, already with bandages wrapped around it. Most likely, the bandages were taken from the first aid kit open beside Steve. Tony moves the kit onto Steve's lap so he can sit beside the man, snapping on his rubber gloves and unwrapping the bandages to check on the wound.
Steve hums, closing his eyes, thankful that he can hear Tony's heartbeat. "Not boring when it's with you."
“Hush, Rogers,” he stops them beneath the next lamp post, stepping around to stand in front of Steve. “I’m cold, my back is killing me, and I’m in a park when I could be in bed. Let me finish. I know we won’t magically stop arguing just because we’re sleeping together – although you now have an extra effective way of shutting me up,” he waggles his eyebrows playfully, gratified when Steve lets out a chuckle. “And I’m going to forget to come to bed because of a project, but I – the cold isn’t
“None of you know anything about feeding yourselves,” Steve snaps back without any polish, only pure rage and righteousness.
“She never said your work isn’t meaningful,” Carol comes to Kamala’s rescue. “Only that your life is in dire need of spicing up.” With a wink at both Kamala and Natasha, she goes on. “And despite my natural disapproval of firemen, Steve is in even more dire need of spicing up.”
"We had to do
Tony runs out of the bar.
Tony jerks back, frowning. "What?"
This time, the sound is louder, with a distinct crackle that must be from Tony's repulsors, and there's a deafening crash, followed by -
"Sir anticipated a day where you might require my assistance."
“Thor's stopping the fire,” Steve tells him, half-shouting into the phone over the loud sirens, “we need to get you out.”
If Steve heard, he gave no indication, and Tony huffs unsatisfied, turning to Bruce. “Can you believe I nearly married that guy?”
He should be stronger than this. Get a grip on himself. Captain America wasn't made to wallow in his own room.
He walks over to the punching bag by the dining table, Liberty following along. There’s no drawing tonight, and if there’s no drawing, then he's sure he won't be able to get any sleep either.
sorry for what I said at your office, I – ”
, to do with his hands.
Steve shakes his hand. "Are you a friend of Tony's?"
Tony's face shutters. "Good night, mother."
After a tiring day of team building exercises, Steve has to admit he understands Tony’s need to cuddle. But after four years of dating, Tony apparently
"We'll get to the bottom of it, Steve."
Steve stares down at Tony's face, unable to think.
Was that – did Tony just
“Good to see you too, Donut Patrol,” Rogers smiles back.
"What's got you frowning like that?" Steve steps closer towards him, and oh, no, no,
“I’m walking. That’s exercise. And I’m doing my best to not peel that suit – ” he pauses to rake his eyes over Steve’s chest. Covered by a dark red coat, only a sliver of the tailored suit is visible through the dim park lights, but the
"And I appreciate it," Tony keeps his face carefully blank, feeling the mounting tension.
He would have lashed out, angry at the world, angry at himself, angry at the uselessness of it all, the sinking feeling that no matter how much he did, it would end up as a zero sum.
Tony winces, folding in some more on himself, and shifting back into his corner of the couch. "I sent them. I really did. Jarvis can testify I wrote them, and I - I'm sorry I assumed the worst of you when I never got any reply."
Seeing Tony as carefree as this was a rare treat, and if Steve was being entirely honest, he chose his bodyguard shifts to coincide with these visits.
Dammit. He should be able to say this to Steve without resorting to petty sarcasm. He’s dated Steve for three whole years, it shouldn’t be hard –
,” Tony squawks, “I even did the paperwork for this. SHIELD’s PR people are going to have a field day.”
"I burned everything," Tony says quietly, "Fury won't find anything in those caves that I haven't destroyed."
"We're four minutes out from base," Steve reports.
MARIA is his Mostly Accurate Remote Intelligence Assistant, a name which the Marketing guys hated but sent the Board of Directors into tittering laughter as Tony winks at Obie and tips back another glass of champagne.
Steve takes in the ash marring the side of the hospital dark, the broken windows and the loud sirens of his firetruck.
Another headache for Tony to deal with, and more heartache than he knows how to solve.
"When you told me you dream of me, I hoped it was sweeter dreams than that," Steve jokes despite himself, because it's what Tony needs to anchor himself back in the present. They can talk in the morning when Tony isn't shaking this much. He earns a huff, and adds, "you're not getting rid of me so easily."
His home is too far to walk back to, and Steve watches the cars pass by the curb for another moment before turning to Liberty with his own tired smile. Her nose nudges Steve’s hip.
Biting his lips, Tony shrugs. "He'd be jealous to know you called me your dearest."
But it was also a handy excuse to draw things out. "Maybe I just want to spend some more time with you."
"I've did the research," Howard points out. "Drinking doesn't affect you."
Tony opens the door, and the right words finally come to him.
Steve has a system of rules.
Reluctantly, Steve has to admit that he does need the help. Together, they take shelter in the ruined lobby of an evacuated office building. Tony steps out of the armor to prop Steve up against the receptionist's desk.
Steve eyes the space between the edges of their bed.
"Nuh-uh, Happy's my guy. You're - "
Suddenly, Steve is leaning down, eyes flicking towards Tony's lips, and no, nope. Not possible.
For the most part, the engraving is the same as ever. Except for his last name.
The coffee sloshes in the cup as Steve bends down to get Liberty’s attention, and it spills over his hand onto the gravel. Somehow, that makes the Shepperd only angrier, and it leaps towards them, Sam’s warning shout the only thing he gets before –
Obie's hand lands on Tony's shoulder. “Then you know what you have to do. For all of us. For you. For Steve.”
"Exactly. I'm managing your schedule. And I say that you need to eat
Steve jerks back, the words stinging. He tries to come up with anything to reply, the jerky landing of the chopper distracting him. Compartmentalizing doesn't seem to be working, not when he's far too compromised.
. He's not fifteen anymore, however, and he needs to ask one last thing before Tony inevitably grows too antsy to stay.
A flash of gold hair, made even brighter by the morning sun.
Tony is fourteen and a half. He isn’t stupid.
Even if Tony did his best to forget about Steve, to cut all their ties in anger, there would always be the looming spectre of their friendship. That thought would haunt him too much, especially when every new weapon he created for the government's arsenal could be the difference between life and death.
And Steve had tried to surmount that: bringing coffee each morning, listening closely to Tony's ramblings – which means he now has an unusually intimate understanding of what ingredients DUM-E puts into Tony's green juice – and even going so far as to spend afternoons in the labs to ease Tony to his presence.
“I'll hold you to that.”
“You like having something to hug at night,” Tony says in lieu of explanation, voice trying to be loud but ending up quiet. A wisp of a confession unsaid:
with people sneaking up on me tonight?”
The eagle doll, once shrunk, ends up in the workshop's couch for Steve to hug when Tony is busy working. Much to Tony's chagrin, he names her Martha after George Washington's wife, instead of Tony's suggested '
. "Can you let it go in two seconds?"
of this medical bed, though?”
“I’m glad she didn’t attack you. For a second I thought she mauled you over.”
Tony snaps on a pair of welding glasses.
“Tony,” Sam pipes up from somewhere to his right.
Rolling his eyes, Tony teases half-heartedly. “Do I get a reward for being good?”
Steve spends the next two days studiously avoiding the Stark Mansion in New York. There are far too many ghosts there that he isn't prepared to face yet. Rhodey was right, after all. Neither Steve nor Tony had been quite as ready as they thought they were to try push their friendship in a new direction. Their edges were too rough, and Tony would've argued friction meant heat and heat was
silently, but it happens again and again, and
They don't have their dorm rooms anymore, or rooftops to climb.
Steve laughs again, and Tony makes the very valiant effort to not do something as ridiculously domestic as reaching out to link their hands together.
Something soft lands on Tony’s temple, pressing a warmth there that he leans into.
Tony wants to push, disappointment mingled with desperation and stubbornness. But he doesn’t want to anger Howard or Obie. Things were hard enough without them being unhappy about Tony, too.
Steve stands, walking towards the bed. Carefully, he shifts the blueprints around, making space for himself beside Tony. A kindness bordering on cruelty.
Together, Sam and Rhodey lift Tony into the chopper, and Steve climbs into the chopper next to it, eyeing the sand separating them. He's done his part. He's found Tony. He's lost any right to be on the medevac with Tony, especially when his presence seems to be making Tony confused.
"Doesn't mean I don't worry," Steve shrugs.
But Steve puts his good hand on Tony's shoulders, solid and warm and steadying.
know who Pepper is, or what's been keeping you up that you have eyebags I can see beneath your make up. I don't know what's the latest song you've learned on the piano - or if you even play it anymore - and I don't know if you can still tell apart a
A happy beep. His claw opens curiously.
“You’re not going to stop coming over, are you?” he finally asks one night.
He walks over to the window and perches at its sill, taking the time to notice the smaller details that had escaped him. There was a sketch of a woman pinned to the wall next to Steve’s bed, and beside it, a crude drawing of a grinning, long-haired boy.
"Let's keep you under wraps till this whole mess blows over, yeah?"
Not the time for these questions. "Will you at least let them put an IV in?"
"You too."
Steve's jaw hardens. "Agent Coulson, if you could escort Miss Carrie out?"
That - that hadn't been something Tony had considered. It flashes in his mind: Steve sparring with the other cadets. Had any of those sessions gone anywhere further?
Is he floating on something?
, Steve wants to rail at the universe, wants to beg Tony to forgive him, but there are no gods and Tony is lost to him. He has only himself to claw at.
Steve wishes they didn’t have to do it right in the middle of December, with the sloshy thin sheet of snow making the weather miserable despite the bright lights and cheerful carols. But Sam had been so excited about the idea, Steve didn’t have the heart to turn him down so near to Christmas.
Too late, he'd realised how much he took Tony's companionship for granted, until he'd stood guard in the desert sands all alone, without any gentle chatter or the bright tinkering of tools to break the monotony.
"For the record," Tony keeps his head held high, "I love you."
“I'll be – fine,” Tony insists, but Steve shoves the phone into Carol's hand.
Steve's thoughts stutter. “What?”
Part of Tony doesn’t want to know the answer, doesn’t want to know how much time Steve had decided to spare for Tony. A larger part
Liberty barks.
Regardless, Steve smiles readily at Miss Potts. “Is Doctor Stark ready?”
smile paired with the floppy blond hair Tony just wants to brush back – those weren't helping matters either.
The passenger space that Steve climbs up to is cramped, half the floor taken up by Tony's stretcher, a doctor, a nurse, and Rhodey scrambling desperately to get Tony calm. The jacket that had been wrapped around Tony's head has been tossed to the floor, filthy with grime, and through the thin shirt he has left, the bright light whirrs loudly.
, you could hear everything?" Tony balks.
For some reason, that makes Rogers laugh. “Steve. Call me Steve.”
The school’s ancient buildings tower over his scrawny form, making him look even smaller.
There’s an unguardedness to Tony’s face that takes Steve by surprise – the way Tony murmurs softly to Liberty that helps calm Steve’s nervousness too. “Beautiful,” Tony says, snapping off his medical gloves to give Liberty a final pat.
“Wear the white shirt,” Natasha says again. “Don’t mess up. Don’t serve him leaf juice.”
From his pocket, Tony takes out – that’s Steve’s compass. The one Tony had given him a year ago. He had been looking for it yesterday, and he takes it gratefully, fingers catching on the engraving in its back.
"So, the letters - "
"I'm launching a new line of products," Tony rubs the back of his hand hard against his eyes to stay awake. "It'll be cheap. Clean. The best of the best."
Tony has a system of rules. He worked it out a decade ago.
Tony loops a
He wishes he could see them one last time, and yet, hearing their voices was already a gift. Only, he wishes the last words he gets from Steve weren’t orders telling him to take cover, wishes it had been anything other than fear in Steve’s voice. Wishes he got to see Steve smile one last time.
And this. This was their compromise: to tell the truth.
' in the background - does Fury have a pet cat?
Outside the Army, SHIELD gives him more flexibility.
Tony learns that he’d been out for a month because they had needed to use the Cradle to regenerate almost all of his midsection, while Steve had needed a spinal surgery before the supersoldier serum could take over to properly heal him.
electric pole fell over bridge’, because there’s a silver car trapped beneath the wreckage that the fire crew is lifting up.
“We don't like you trapping yourself in a fire,” she shoots back.
Steve's blond head makes no appearances, though, and the beta version of JARVIS on his newest phone detects no one unusual in the area.
," she breathes out. "You'll keep yourself safe, won't you?"
"Or you could come in person," Tony finally walks to the door.
plays on full volume, blasting incorrigibly through the entire room.
“Don’t you
“Thank you, Tony.”
It hurts because Steve knows Tony so well. Because Steve is desperately seeing through the lie and succeeding.
Kamala nods enthusiastically, and Steve sheepishly jogs to catch up with them as Stark continues walking Kamala into the ER. The room
To his surprise, the '
"And if
Beside them is their envelopes, peeled open carefully to preserve the different ways Tony had addressed him in the two years that they'd managed to keep their ill-fated correspondence.
Steve watches Rhodey frown. "Who?"
was the one who was supposed to be asking that. His hand shoots out to catch Tony's wrist before he could go any further.
– gets a proposal before him, and all for preparing Tony’s coffee.
to tell Tony to do anything, not anymore, and not ever again. “Why did Fury call us and why now? I can’t do the equation unless I have all the variables.”
Steve frowns. “She saved Tony's life?”
"You don't have to answer," Tony quickly says, shifting the smallest bit closer. "I shouldn't have asked."
“Life’s easier when you’re laughing,” Tony says honestly.
Its wings block out the floor-to-ceiling windows of Steve's private floor.
Stark rests his head on Carol's shoulder. Steve takes a long sip of his own drink, watching with growing – discomfort? Unease? Whatever it was, it made Steve's stomach churn unpleasantly – as Stark laughs at something Carol said. In the empty silence of the mostly deserted bar, the laugh echoes through the room, and Carol snakes a hand around Stark's waist.
"These are all for Tony?"
“Like marrying you. And I'll have you know, I looked
"It wasn't
On Tony’s fifteenth birthday, Tony takes them back to the roof of the highest tower. The slanted red tiles are warm even in the darkness, sun-kissed from the early summer.
"Not all of them," Steve hedges around the question.
An optimist is someone who believes the future is uncertain. A futurist is someone who believes in possibility. And Tony is, well, he's –
“Howard would never let me.”
“Get me a refill. Pronto, please.”
Tony goes back to the bed, sitting on it heavily, taking the time to let out a long breath. "Rhodey didn't murder you after all, huh?"
"Would you like to, I dunno, have another coffee some time?" he offers when Tony dawdles some more. He knows more than most that Tony is a busy man, but if Tony's still lingering here, then, "Ma would love to see you again, and I'll keep Buck from biting you."
To stay here or to leave.
“Pulmonary embolism,” an EMT confirms. “Husband reported her last pain on her left upper thorax.”
"Tony," he tries. He knows better than to touch him during this, or to try and wake him up. All Steve can do is offer something else for Tony's subconscious to latch onto, and even asleep, Tony knows his voice. "Whatever it is, you're safe," Tony's head tips slightly in Steve's direction, but his eyes are still shut tight. "Sweetheart? I'm here," he tries again, "you're alright. We're alright."
love explosions.”
Ambulances jam the street, evacuating critical patients to the nearest hospital. Carol is down there, keeping the crowd from exploding into chaos.
Bucky points that them. "He
Three -
"What about it?" her voice is wary.
When they had healed each other too.
And yet, Rhodey is saying otherwise. Rhodey is -
"You don't get to use that line on me, Tony."
“Captain Rogers,” the real Howard Stark greets him, one hand extended. Jarvis stands frozen next to him, unprepared for the broken etiquette, and teetering on years of secrets. Howard frowns. “You know my son.”
Steve gives that a long thought. In the end, he accepts it. “Will my Ma have to be friends with your parents?”
He knows that Obie means well, in the same way that everyone older than him means well for him. That is, they'd like it if he were chained - metaphorically, of course - more malleable to their wishes.
Between them, Tony squirms.
A friend. He can be a friend to Steve, and it should be enough.
And seated there was Howard Stark.
“My parents wouldn’t be too happy.”
“Shame,” Sam winks. “You still using your punching bag?”
Tony kisses him, hot and desperate and giving Steve everything he needs, everything he wants. There's the aftertaste of salt from Tony's fears. Steve pushes past that, cradling the back of Tony's head, tangling himself in the roots of Tony's hair, pulling and pushing until they topple, Tony landing on top of him with a
Rolling her eyes, Carol pushes her chair back to stand, taking her empty glass with her. “Men,” she shakes her head as she leaves them, “comparing the length of everything.”
the last.
"We don't need bigger. We just need smarter, quicker and faster," he answers, ignoring how much those words reflected the first friend he ever had: small and filled with so much righteous anger.
Tony chuckles. “You can ask, you know. I won’t be offended.”
is coming,” Kamala confirms, gaze darting between Steve and Stark, who nods.
Pulling his hand away from Maria's, Tony's smile drops. "Glad to see you noticed something other than the open bar, Howard."
Things aren't really helped by Stark, either: despite the dark bags under his eyes, Stark's ruffled hair and crumpled coat strips away the brisk air of self-assurance that usually surrounds the Doctor, leaving behind a softness that Steve doesn't dare look closely into. He's wearing his red scrubs too, which now Steve realises actually highlights Stark's eyes well, especially in the bar's dim lights.
Tony watches as Sarah all but pushes Steve into the room, closing the door again with a click that sounds too much like a death sentence. He hears her greet Rhodey loudly - what had Steve said to convince Rhodey to let him talk with Tony alone?
, Tony's frown clearly says.
"They're rockets," Tony pieces the shapes together, taking them apart, putting them back together. "You're letting me design for the company?"
“It’s not just for you – it’s for her too. She’ll get anxious without you,” Tony hands Steve a prescription of pills. “Give her this twice a day. I’ll drop by your house tonight to rig her to an IV.”
There are details in the agreement that weren't supposed to come out. Paralysing devices, remote-launch precision missiles, wide-range landmines. The weapons Tony had once tried to prevent from being made, the ones he now wants to fall into the wrong hands for the sake of having MARIA track them and blow them up.
"Agent Morse's around too to watch over you."
"She was my mother!" Tony's voice breaks at the end, making it more a hushed whisper than an angry shout. "You promised to keep us safe and - "
Unless, of course, you’re Rhodey. “
Part of him wants to laugh, but the blood pooling near the corner of his lips tells him that isn’t the best idea.
“Nope,” she pops the 'p'. “No Doctor Stark today, Cap?”
’ and ‘
Turning off the tap, Steve heads back out, pausing when he spots the empty seat next to Carol, who raises her wine glass his way –
"Did you mean it, too?" he throws the words harshly at Steve, standing up from the bed and pacing the short length of the room, hand rubbing roughly over his eyes.
to end soon, especially now that he's in Malibu and Peggy has taken to assigning Tony a rotation of bodyguards that are never Steve.
Except, the bedroom's lights shine brighter and knuckles rap on the open door. "Tony. Steve," Obie greets them both, already dressed sharply in a matching suit.
"Good." Peggy then gives him a softer smile. Real. Almost playful. "If you're wondering where to take Tony out to next week, there's an ice cream parlor off Park Avenue."
"And at long last it's a good impression," Howard grumbles, sending Steve's hackles up. No good would come of intervening right now, though, but Steve is close to throwing the greater good out of the door.
Natasha, however notices his discomfort, and she stands up from her seat. “I'm getting lunch,” she announces, “and when I come back with Sam, I expect you both to have worked with whatever it is that made Steve stay here for three days.”
“Captain?” Kamala's whisper pulls him back. “Is something wrong?”
"I'll write to you," Steve promises again. "I'm sorry I didn't tell you sooner."
A loud sigh comes from Fury. "Rogers, you better be sure as hell you know what you're doing."
Rhodey is another challenge: he pulls strings in the Air Force to add to his friend's security clearance, upping the standards of safety uniforms, and unsubtly telling JARVIS to keep a constant monitor, just as the new factory in LA keeps secret track of where each of his weapons are.
“I don’t do Tinder.”
, Captain.”
be persuaded to give you intel."
“I go here when Ty is being stupid. I like the light,” Tony leans against one of the stone pillars, the roof arching above him. “Why are you still trying to get yourself kicked out?”
“That only makes them well-balanced. What’re the chances Natasha won’t tell him that we’re here?”
“Good night, Doctor.”
"Cap," the nickname rolls off his tongue, foreign enough to jerk Steve's attention back to him. "This is going to blow in around two more minutes, you need to - "
They take the Bugatti down the scenic route, the remains of their burger wrappers tossed by Steve's feet, the windows rolled down to take in the sea breeze.
"If I'm protecting you, I should be around."
"Have a safe trip," Tony ends any possibility of him coming along. "I'll see you at the New Year Gala."
Ty doesn’t know, neither does Howard or Obie. Steve is
"Mr. Stark's security protocols have been disabled. Data download at 73 percent."
Stane tips his head to Steve. "The legendary Captain, in the flesh. Want a drink?"
“Can it power the rockets?”
“If you say so.”
The small twitch in Tony's hand, the insides of his cheeks bitten just the slightest bit - Tony preens shyly, clearly doing his best to do otherwise. "Yeah, he's the best."
"Is none of your business," Tony marches forward and rips the paper out of Steve's hand, tearing it to shreds and letting it fall on the bedroom floor. He's just had a very tiresome meeting at the LA Regional Headquarters about production quotas going wrong, he's not going to let this sales contract he precisely curated go wrong too.
"I'm always nice," she gives DUM-E one last pat. "We just have different definitions of nice."
"When I fought the war in the desert, all those years without your letters, I worried for you. I worried you don't get enough sleep. I worried that you fight with Howard," Steve attaches the cufflink on Tony's other wrist, thumb brushing over smooth silk. "Worrying doesn't help much, and if you really need me to leave, if that would really help, I'd do it in a heartbeat."
"What? Can't a mother be hopeful for grandchildren?" she darts out of his reach. "Two men just doubles the possibilities, doesn't it, Tony dear?"
, Steve remembers Thor telling him, and Steve has to relent further because maybe,
Better that he throw himself into his work.
“Yeah, I
The moment slips away from him, one aberration of many, and Tony’s hand remains very much free of a ring that Steve wonders about but doesn’t dare to ask.
Visibly,
Somehow, Howard had managed to pull enough strings together with Rhodey so that Stark Industries had a new liaison.
Maria's fever spikes. Tony takes a dose of the medicine the nurses were supposed to administer and pumps it into her IV.
Tony isn’t sure what finally broke through Steve’s stubbornness, but he grins, victorious and wry. “Not until you answer my question.”
Steve itches to call Agent Morse for a confirmation that Tony is doing alright under her watch, delivering yet another speech at some obscure science conference. It's hard to let Tony out of sight when tensions run high like this, and even harder to hide the high tensions from Tony, who would only want to do his best to help. But having Tony's help would mean putting an even greater target on Tony's back.
"Steve, I swear to all the gods if you're - "
asking me?”
“On your left.”
"You're not Mister Rhodey," the boy accuses, "did you steal Mister Rhodey?"
A check-up on his smallest patient in the NICU.
“I’ll remember for the both of us.”
"Did I hit my head?" Tony demands, digging his fingers into Steve's shoulder because it's warm and real. "Am I, I don't know, dreaming this up?"
"You're the one managing my schedule, move some things around."
" - how can I not assume?" he hears Tony ask. "All these years, I've wondered, and now they're dining together?"
He can picture it: a hundred more fights like this in the future, a thousand more mornings spent with Tony sneaking towards him and Steve holding out a hand for him to take. His boyfriend? partner? Maybe even husband, one day.
That's the date of Howard and Maria's crash. Suddenly, despite the serum, he finds it hard to breathe. How - why - "Why are you telling me this
“And rude.”
Flipping it around, he sees Pepper's penned a message onto the card:
“Coordination, cooperation, collaboration – or something like that,” Stark rocks back on his heels and shrugs nonchalantly. “Doctor Pym loves to lecture us about it.”
And then, and
not my fault!" Tony protests. "I was attacked!"
A fair deal. “Sure.”
Steve had wanted to say that they were bullies and it was damn well worth Tony's happiness, but he swallows down the words, uneasy at how they jolted him out of his trance. Because he's broken two of his own rules already. He had those rules for a
“He stinks,” Natasha says flatly.
,” Tony emphasizes. “I don’t date, but I’d be willing to make an exception. I mean – Liberty already made an exception for me. I figure it’s fair to return the favor.” Traitorously, Liberty moves to stand right next to Tony, her injured chest all but forgotten as she silently asks for a pat that Tony gives her.
, Obie had said,
He closes his eyes, and doesn't let himself break.
The New York brownstone is the same as it ever was. Slamming the Audi's door shut, Tony takes a cursory glance around to ensure that he's lost his tail yet again.
“You didn't need to.” Taking two spoons and bowls from the drawer, Steve opens up the tub of ice cream. He scoops some ice cream for Tony –
Steve knew better than most how difficult it had been for Tony to grow up and be told that the greatest good he could possibly do was to make better weapons.
Regardless, it’s enough to make Jarvis relent. He steps aside from the door, letting Steve into the house.
"We've always known there was a leak in Stark Industries," Steve nods.
Her tail wags weakly.
Steve takes a deep breath. The holotable in front of him flashes with two images. He taps on the left one, with an extensive network of old caves.
"How's a guy supposed to recover in peace with you smiling at them right now?"
And if his Ma knew, she'd invite Tony in the house.
’s was something to replay in your head over the deafening, endless gunfire.
"You ask them."
Tapping at Tony's cheek to keep him awake, Steve purses his lips, clearly worried. "Fury should get through in a few minutes."
Her lips twitch up. "I've got agents to do that for me."
“Thanks,” Tony says, because if he has leeway with Obie, he has a chance with Howard.
“Stand
Giving a wink up to Doctor Strange on the OR’s observatory deck, Tony takes the scalpel offered to him by a nurse, and turns it out so its handle points at Sam. “You’re making the first cut today.”
“Liberty!” Steve shouts, desperate for her not to get hurt.
But by the time Steve comes up with a semblance of a coherent sentence, Tony's eyes have fallen shut, his breaths coming in and out with a slight wheezing.
"Tony visited me," she sips her juice innocently. "How many years has it been since you last saw him? Ten? Every December 16th, he visits me and promises me he'll keep you safe."
Some misguided feeling that maybe this could heal their wounds instead of pressing against them, making them bleed more?
"And Hammer is far from saintly," Steve adds.
Sarah tips her head sideways, clearly indulging him. "My son is no longer an asthmatic with too many health problems to list, and he's dating the sweetest man I could ever dream of. I'm more than alright."
“Come on, you’ll love Ma’s cookies,” Steve tugs at Tony’s hand.
But he has entry into the Stark Household, and proof that whatever other crime it was that Tony had accused him of, Steve hadn't gone back on
Tony tips the envelope open, unfolding the crinkled paper that slides out. Its edges are yellowed, the date written out in looping letters declaring
Jarvis and Aunt Peggy had said that too, Tony considered the answer, but it made no sense. The variables weren’t all there yet.
“I’ll bring the gurney back to the truck,” Steve gives Mrs. Carter’s hand one last reassuring squeeze. “You’re in safe hands here, ma’am.”
“DUM-E’s going to be our flowergirl,” Tony mutters above Steve’s stomach, words slurred with sleep.
Between ushering Bucky
back that faces the new onslaught of bots, and the numbers - the numbers run quick through Steve's head, a new skill he's picked up from hours spent in Tony's workshop. He knows exactly how much force his shield and the nanobots of his uniform can take, and how much force his body can take.
Tony closes his eyes again.
“Morning, Tony.”
, Steve chuckles.
Huh. Very pissed. And now Tony has another reason to want to date Steve other than those very shapely buttocks.
"Ma'am," Steve starts, voice gentle but loud enough to carry over the loud chaos. "I need you to hold stilll and read out the time to me."
The shrill sound of the kettle boiling interrupts them, and Peggy takes it to pour the water into a teapot. She shuffles her way to the old radio in the corner, flicking it on.
With that, Tony pulls away, striding off to pick up his medical kit and his coat, Steve dazedly following him out to the front door, into the dark winter night. Liberty sticks close, whining when Tony pats her goodbye.
"Will you help me or not?" Steve looks out into the dark seas crashing at the cliffs outside the windows, the ticking of the world fighting against itself.
Something cold gets pressed on his lips. An ice chip.
“I should hope so,” Steve laughs despite himself.
"I didn't tell him to be your babysitter."
It’s a trend, a repeated experiment to confirm the consistency of the truth. Tony is, first and foremost, a scientist. He prods at things to figure out how they work. Sometimes, things blow up.
Then again, his mind rebelled, who would go on designing weapons and protection for a friend who left you ten years ago?
, Jarvis liked to remind him, distracting him from the echoing hallways of the mansion.
"She didn't know I forgave her."
When Steve closes the car door, he closes it harder than necessary.
Steve smiles. “Do you think you can come over some time? Bucky wants to meet you, too.”
“He was – he was in the NICU. The nurses said he stayed behind.”
“What about Fury's office?”
They settle into a new friendship afterwards. This time, Tony isn’t the only one to seek Steve out. Steve will find Tony in the library, or the piano room. And they’ll sit with each other, Steve’s hands streaked with paint, Tony's with grease.
"What's he supposed to be, then?"
"And I've killed more people with my own hands than you have," Peggy meets his fire with practiced calm. "Steve is there to keep you alive. Please let him."
“Mr. Jarvis,” he hopes forgiveness isn’t impossible. He's twenty seven, and yet he feels a ridiculous need to straighten his own shirt, the stern glare making his new body feel impossibly small. “Is Tony home?”
More importantly, JARVIS is far less prone to bullet wounds or car crashes.
Tony was dangerous, forbidden.
"If she doesn't kill me for this, I think I'd survive whatever she does," Steve says after a moment's thought, and
Steve flanks Tony all through the lobby, glaring at anyone who dares come too close, Happy at Tony's other side glancing suspiciously at the other men in black scattered around. They both usher him into the elevators, their insistence on guarding him was endearing despite his own insistence that these press conferences were the most boring, uneventful events.
"She has a recon mission for me," Steve had zipped up his bag two nights ago. "I'll be back in five days, if everything goes smooth."
He might never get to hear Steve say his name again, that gentle dip between the syllables, as if Steve cared enough to say them right. It’s stupid, utterly
“No,” Stark shakes his head, walking over to the reception desk to drop the clipboard off. “Unless you want me to hose you down, I suggest you use one of our showers and stop stinking up my ER.”
"Don't," Tony feels himself cracking, "
Will Steve notice if he scoots another inch closer?
. After all that Tony has been to Steve, Steve owes it to him to not give up.
Smirking, Natasha replies easily, “it’s the aesthetics of the pictures. Can’t wear heels if my fiancé is tiny.”
Steve’s blue eyes find his, piercing and searching. “Then do something else. You like playing the piano. Be a musician. Or an astronaut,” he pauses, considering. “Or a florist.”
Tony smiles. “Yes. You’re quick.”
Tony raises his mug to give Steve a toast. “To ungrateful governments and grateful children.”
Steve had worked with the equally brilliant Pepper Potts to seal the vacuum of leadership, issuing a government order to freeze any legal proceedings that gave company control to Stane.
Most days, he felt the bitter taste of possibilities lost. Now, he was grateful for it.
“Wanna bet?” Carol holds out her hand.
Frowning, Steve shakes his head.
And if Steve thinks Tony is brave, doesn't Tony owe it to him to take the last step after all the steps Steve has leaped through for him? He has fuzzy memories of Steve carrying him out of the burning hospital, and he remembers the gentleness of Steve's hold.
Occasionally, the few magazines from home would feature Tony with Ty and Sunset and a whole host of other celebrities Steve didn't care for.
Steve doesn’t have to think about it – he tells Tony he’d do it for free.
"I do." There's a hint of fond amusement in Tony's voice, and Steve considers that a mark of his triumph against HYDRA's insistence on ruining their dates.
“All done,” Tony coughs to get the raspiness out of his voice. He takes another alcohol swab and lifts his hand up to reach Steve's forehead.
Before Tony can yell a warning, the bomb's yanked out of his hand, Steve's throw arching it high and his strength slamming it
The cheer in Steve’s voice helps, but the bile lingers.
Whoever had painted Tony standing still, they either did him a disgrace by keeping his face so blank of feeling, or the friend that Steve once knew had grown into someone else entirely.
Tony blinks at him.
“Captain Danvers has gossip,” Kamala walks over, sitting on Tony’s left, and now Tony is surrounded on three sides by three ladies far too invested in his happiness. “Your life is work and more work, Doctor Stark.”
Part of him wants to laugh.
From the corner of his eye, he catches sight of Carol winking at Natasha, of them snapping another picture of him and Steve.
"What secrets did you get him to spill?" Tony feels antsy again. He barely had time to process the fact that Steve is insanely attractive -
“Just you and me,” Steve ruffles her fur, her warmth around his legs a familiar grounding point. The barely started drawing of the Brooklyn Bridge stares judgingly back at him. Two more weeks until the commission is due, and he hasn’t even finished outlining everything.
“Captain Danvers!” Kamala pokes her head out of storage again, cutting whatever Carol was about to imply. “You’re late.”
Yet, it’s hard not to draw his own conclusions that it’s very likely Tony has affections for the scientist he spends much of his day with, and Bruce is certainly smarter than Steve could ever hope to be.
books I have.”
Steve moves Tony’s fingers until he can see the engraving between them. “Rogers-Stark,” he reads out, making sure to give Tony a happy smile. “Why not Stark-Rogers?”
“Can’t you leave me to my own business?” Steve sighs. He
"He cares about you. When this is all over and we aren't in danger anymore," his mother's smile turns wistful, "you should take him to Italy. He will like the art, you will like the wine and his touch."
, which I read. I know you invent pacemakers, x-rays, biotech. I know you do good work.” Steve feels the strange need to defend himself. “The internet’s different, though, and it’s wrong to intrude on someone like that.”
, not again in the same day – does Steve need to call an ambulance –
"You rest, first," Steve tells him. "You sleep, and you eat."
“Smoke inhalation, bruising to ribs from blunt object.”
a life. He saved her.
"Want what?"
"No," Steve admits. Peggy might have suspected whatever she suspected, but Steve didn't. No amount of following Tony to meetings had shaken his doubt in Tony's innocence. "I meant that you might have made those weapons, but you're not to blame for them appearing where they aren't meant to appear."
“Yes, if you’ll come along, I’ll show you to his office,” Miss Potts smiles back, clipboard in hand and leading them down the hallway to where the vets do their consultations. The VA and Sam had assured Steve that no matter what the reputation around the Stark family name was, Stark Paws Clinic is
When Steve speaks, his voice puffs hot against Tony's skin. "I'm leading."
“That would
Placing the now empty plate on the table, Steve steps forward. His ears are strangely red, but he takes Tony's hand in a firm grip.
“Firefighters handling the scene. 911 dispatch came through to us. It’s bad.”
Tony stands, fists clenched. “Then adopt him, for all I care.” His lips twist, sneering and upset all at once. “Make him your poster boy. Drape him in a flag. I’m
“Why do you care?”
Tony freezes. He hadn’t thought he’d been noticed. “Please don’t tell anyone.”
The thought sobers him enough for his blurry mind to ask, “the kids? Were they alright?”
Steve does not.
“I am,” he coughs, throat dry and croaky, “on the wrong side of the hospital bed.”
“I have too many anniversary dates to remember already,” Tony tries to grumble, his smile too wide.
Steve laughs. “Whatever you want, sweetheart.”
find you."
Spitfire and strength.
"You have me."
He scurries out of the kitchen before Tony can call him back, and he doesn’t bother using the elevators. Taking the steps two at a time, Steve resolutely tells his heart to quit doing summersaults around Tony.
Pepper had called him last night to warn him about Tony’s sour mood, but it had been too late. By then, Tony had already stormed away and Steve had been stewing in his annoyance until he realised what he’d done. Loving Tony doesn’t get any easier, not even after nearly three years of dating. He’s still learning how to balance what he needs to get across and what can wait until Tony isn’t carrying too much.
, Tony!"
"I - "
Although maybe this time, he’ll put an ocean and a continent between himself and the madness that is Tony Stark.
Steve sits between Rhodey and Peggy. The lawyers and notary sits across them. At one head of the conference table is Pepper Potts - she was named Executor of Tony's will - and at the other head is Stane, seething but doing his best to hide it.
“Hey,” she says, “are you sure you’re alright?”
“What’s your plan?”
Carol raises a brow, unimpressed. “The man’s seen more burns and bones and scars than most, you know.”
“Only because you’re asking so nicely.”
"And what if we were wrong to go to war in the first place?"
This again: a new side to Tony, a new angle for the sun to hit across him, making him burn brighter in Steve's thoughts, searing him even deeper.
“I’m Hodge,” the owner walks over unhurried, and Sam curses.
“We both know you heard me perfectly fine.”
handsome."
It makes Steve freeze again.
That's the important part.
But it's too late. He pulls the device out of Carrie's hand, thumb jamming hard against the pressure sensor.
11 a.m. is just about the opening time for Natasha's bar, and he heads the few blocks down to it, pondering
Steve frowns, hands squeezing around Tony's. “We weren't pining.”
“Breathe,” Tony walks them both out of the ER to give Sam space.
“Butter pecan.”
Rhodey bows his head. "I'll be back in New York in two days. I expect you to be there for the reading of - of Tony's will."
"Now, Billy, leave poor Mister Steve alone," Tony waves one of the boys over. "Why don't we all move somewhere more comfortable?"
Steve nods. “You’re a good man, too.”
Not today.
He could do this with anyone else, anyone except Steve and his damned sincerity that had sucked Tony in, a cesspool of truth among a school - a world - of pretenders.
Ten years after he walks away from Tony, Steve comes home.
. "I had JARVIS triangulate locations using MARIA," he tells Tony. "You should be meeting with a Commander Fury soon."
That’s Rhodey’s voice. Rhodey means things are good.
SHIELD Memorial is even keeping Hammer around."
Peggy seems appeased at that, critically assessing the truth on Steve's face and the pain of his heart that must be echoed there. Finally standing up, her heels click at the small distance between them.
Tony had plans: Stark Resilient, a company built on saving the world instead of killing it.
“Thank you,” Steve pulls out a chair for Tony, just to have something,
Fear flashes bright.
"Did I?" Tony moves on to the next bolt, letting the work distract him from the guilt. He hates having to push Steve away, but after what JARVIS found on HYDRA?
“And the thought of losing your dick would certainly make you miserable,” Tony hums, lips clearly twitching as he tries to smother his laugh.
Funny how easily life could crumble, how quickly.
Steve decides to ask something less loaded. “Did you just have a date?”
Slowly, Steve watches Sam nod. Rhodey's back stiffens immediately, orders to land shouted out by reflex. The words ring in Steve's ears.
He knows nothing can possibly happen between him and the Fire Captain – Tony isn’t looking to leave behind a string of broken hearts, isn’t looking for the cold comfort of a few hours in a stranger’s bed. All signs point to Rogers being a good man, and that means he deserves better than the paltry nights that Tony can give, better than cancelled dinners because of emergencies, and Tony’s night shifts that means he can hardly ever be home for anything.
Tipping his head to the side in concession, Steve chooses his words slowly, scrutinizing eyes finally moving from Tony and towards the fallen chandelier several feet away from them.
Steve visibly considers that for a moment. The silence heavy in the air, he eventually walks towards Tony, picking out a small box from the drawer. "I'll always be your friend before anything else," Steve takes Tony's wrist and attaches the simple square cufflinks. "That means whether we're dating or not, I'll always worry about you."
“So tell me how I can help.”
The ramp is opened, Steve has his shield, the wind whips his face, and -
Steve places his hand on Tony's lap. "My serum's working. I'll be fine."
Obie would want him to answer that this is a move towards having not just a bigger stick but a better one too. Howard would say that Starks are made of iron, and their weapons even stronger. As crass as Tony can be, even
The wound on the girl's arm is nothing too serious, but, “Doctor Wilson,” Stark immediately calls out to another doctor, “get us some antibiotic cream and a saline bag.”
He has to satisfy himself with the recollection of Steve’s kiss this morning. A lifetime ago, when they’d showered together. Steve had playfully run his broad hands across Tony’s chest, drawing patterns with soap around the light of the arc reactor. ‘
Tuesdays to Thursdays are for working on alternative energy sources under the guise of increasing fighter jet fuel efficiency, Fridays for press conferences or the occasional party to keep his reputation intact - he's learned that being underestimated as a party boy can provide a hidden upper hand - and weekends to spend on his friends or his mother.
“Is everyone accounted for?” Steve asks. “It's getting pretty hot.”
Nudging at Tony's side with her elbow, Sarah gives Tony's wrist a squeeze.
Tony quickly smothers his smile. "No one. A professor from MIT," he lies smoothly. He doesn't like lying to Obie, doesn't usually have to, but he knows
Carol reaches over the bar to get her customary juice box, sipping at it with an eye roll. “Well,
Tony turns fourteen and he doesn’t tell anyone. Ty and Sunset forget. Steve doesn’t know. Jarvis sends him a letter and a bag of cookies.
"Carrie, hi." He smiles, dismissing Steve's angry glare. "You're doing a great job and I need you to keep your hand right where it is."
The pattern continues on to the new year, and Thor receives a passionate ‘
There's fiery pain crawling up Steve's back, and he's pretty sure that voice in his ear is Tony screaming at him, Tony's hand thumping against Steve's chest to get Steve to let go, but Steve can still hear the bot advancing, and -
"Only as well as you," Maria reaches out to squeeze Tony's hand. "You've made quite an impression of yourself around here."
Peggy's gaze stays steady. "Mr. Stane, I don't need your permission. If thousands of Stark weapons can go missing, then you can forgive my abundance of doubt and
Between pondering the truth of her words and doing anything else, he chooses the latter.
Tony hadn’t known that. “Steve, you didn’t have to – ”
Steve abruptly pulls his hand out of Tony’s pocket, as if scalded, and the loss of it stings. Tony chases it, pulling Steve’s hand back towards him. “Not now. One day.” The words catch in his throat.
Liberty makes her own leap, yanking free from her leash –
“Call me only if you have someone bleeding out gallons in the ER,” Tony warns.
"You could come by my lab," he finds himself offering. Anything to get the weapons out of the wrong hands, and, "DUM-E would love to meet you."
"You don't get to say that!" Tony half-yells, keeping his voice down at the last second, because Sarah doesn't deserve to hear this.
' or '
father adopted you yet?"
"I'm full of surprises."
"We had decoys," Rhodey repeats shakily, with red-rimmed eyes. "Someone leaked the security details. They knew exactly which Humvee to attack."
’ and which Steve tries to wave away as the breathlessness of a tiring battle.
"I can't," Tony snaps.
"That's one hell of a stash," Bucky whistles.
The words slip out of him before he can stop them, and he rushes to take them back, to –
brought someone home. Someone he likes, not just someone his friend hope he'll like.
"Good night,
"I'd be honored." Then, Steve frowns. "Does this mean we're friends again?"
"We can't just - I can't - "
Steve gives him some more pudding. “Three days, and I’ll appreciate it if you keep all machines and DUM-Es away from my kitchen.”
. There's a small bed, the sheets with tiny little stars dotted over them, a rickety table that looks like it's about to fall over beneath the weight of sketchbooks, and walls painted with colors that once must've been bright.
, look at me, please?”
"I wanted to give you this," he says.
"And I daresay you'll see some soon," Stane edges, "Howard will certainly take your advice to heart."
He hopes the words sting as much as the thought of Steve leaving stings Tony.
He can only be grateful that a vacant cab rolls over a handful of seconds later, Kate giving Steve one last pleasant smile as she gets in.
He is
“I’m pretty sure Beethoven shouldn’t sound like a dying cat,” Steve prods carefully.
“Leave them,” Natasha rolls her eyes. “There’re more important things to think about.”
He barks out a harsh laugh, tipping back the tumbler of scotch, considering the rest of the bottle.
“I’ll take you up on a commission,” Tony promises.
“You’ll still be stateside for a while?” Tony confirms.
“So she’s not,” Steve feels some relief lifting the weight of his worry, “she’s not going rabid?”
A safety switch. If anyone but the original intended buyer tried to use his weapons, MARIA made sure to rig the weapon to blow as soon as she detects unpopulated land.
He gives Bucky a cookie that his Ma had packed for him, and then checks up on Natasha in the cockpit.
"Listen to her," Rhodey says. "I sure as hell want Captain America here, but whoever
“When will you be leaving?”
that ass kissing slime.
That is, until small Billy asks, "Mister Tony, how do you know Mister Steve?"
Rhodey rolls his eyes. “I had to drag your ass out of dumpsters in college because you were too busy mooning over him – ”
It isn’t a rule born from spite, but from calculated caution. Steve was a year younger than everyone by virtue of his love for books. When his Ma spent long hours at the hospital, he’d go to the public library, do his homework there together with Bucky. It kept their costs low, and kept Steve out of backalleys where he was prone to picking fights.
"Yes, Obie," Tony says, guilt roiling with pride. He didn't want to disappoint Obie, not when the man had placed so much faith on him. "Thank you for the tools."
"Peggy, you be careful too."
"You're here now," she says with a cough, "you have better things to worry about than me."
we could mass produce something out of it.”
Take the East Wing ramp.”
Instead of arguing further, he nods towards the packet in Steve's hand. "Is that your shield?"
“When it involves those wide shoulders, yeah.”
The walls themselves are plain. Above the customary wardrobe installed in each room is a small suitcase. Tony frowns at it for a bit, wondering how Steve had climbed to put it up there, and whether all of Steve’s belongings really could fit in such a small space.
Even without the worst of the names on the list, however, there were still nuisances such as the young Justin Hammer who seemed keen on breaking up Tony's lively conversation with Miss van Dyne.
"So, uh, Ty and Sunset?" Steve feels brave enough to ask.
" Steve's frown grows. "She doesn't - "
'. But he knows Tony won't believe him yet.
"Nobody puts anybody in danger, dear. It's more a question of whether Steve and I
The SI New York Office would've been enough for a simple press conference, but Obie had insisted - much to Steve's displeasure - that they use a hotel instead. If that hotel belonged to a friend of Obie's, that was just a small part of the story.
reason – that Steve takes Tony’s side. “Technically, it’s Tony’s kitchen.”
“How can I not?” Steve shrugs. “You told me you came here because you were bored. Your parents don’t know that I exist.”
“I’m thinking about how you’d do something you hate only for me,” Steve feels his smile widen at the shy scrunch of Tony’s nose.
, DUM-E, put that down, that’s Steve’s anniversary gift, it’s off limits,” Tony sighs, rubbing the bridge of his nose tiredly.
“Why? Did you miss me, Captain?” Tony prods back at him almost flippantly.
He can do this.
to finish this, and he needs coffee if he’s going to fix the latest growth simulations which are – yeah. The hologram in front of him flashes red yet again. Another failed calibration.
Ouch.
There's something off about it, though - but Steve wonders whether he still knows Tony well enough to spot when things are off. A certain heaviness in the tone of it, the restless fidgeting of Tony's fingers beneath Rhodey's grip.
“Captain Steve said you’re the best.”
“Not tonight, and definitely not if you don’t want to.”
“The, uh,” Steve swallows, “the ones that involve a bed.”
His sharp hearing means that he notices it when Tony's heartbeat starts racing. One second. Two seconds. Three. Then back down. Steady and safe.
Hearing the noise, Liberty slowly makes her way out of the bedroom to the table, settling herself between their legs.
“I guess if you kiss me good night, that counts.”
Despite all the Christmases driving from the school to the city with Tony and Jarvis, Steve had never been here, and he’s here only because Colonel Phillips had been willing to send a letter of introduction to the Starks.
"So you're fine with them declaring Tony dead," Steve woodenly says.
“Sam told me you’re a good man.”
“You’re here now,” Steve shrugs, flipping over a page. “That counts for something.”
Tony huffs out a laugh.
"It's always a party when there's you guys," Tony winks playfully, "but Mister Steve is actually working."
"Fine. But I'm going out with Sam," he huffs at Steve. "The place better not be burned down when we get back."
“Bucky’s applying to the Army. I can’t let him go alone.”
Tony jerks back, face blanching. “
No biggie.
It’s only later, after the woman’s chest has been sewn closed and wheeled out of the room with unclogged veins working perfectly fine, that Tony’s mind starts to wander from the calm quiet.
Tony glares at his retreating back. “Don’t give me a reason to!” he yells.
"We found each other."
Steve isn’t a foreigner to that concept.
The smile Obie makes is tight, and the hand on Tony's shoulder squeezes harder. “And Rogers uses his shield as a weapon. Sometimes compromise is needed. You’re still so young.”
"Are you allowed to tell me this?"
“It’ll take time.”
“You make me
“Tony,” Natasha says softly, “we’ll find a way. We’re going to be – we’re going to be okay. Both of you will make it out.”
Smirking, she smacks his arm. "Are you still hung up on the Stark kid?"
did Steve and Bucky ever... No. They were like brothers. But had they?
"Aren't you supposed to guard me?" Tony protests petulantly.
Tony juts his chin out, another mask falling into place over his heart. He has to be strong, because this is the only way he knows how to keep Steve safe. “You don’t know who I am.”
Was Tony involved in this many weapons going on the black market?
Yes, he has his people now, friends and family who aren't Ty or Sunset.
“An hour. I can use my - the power in my pacemaker to buy a few more minutes for the kids.”
He tosses the phone on the bed, moving in such a hurry that Liberty gives him a questioning bark. He assures her with another pat, switching his sweater quickly for the white shirt. The doorbell rings again, in time for him to run downstairs, clicking his tongue to get Liberty to follow.
- "no eavesdropping, Buck, you know I can hear you breathe if you try," and "damn that serum of yours, Rogers" - and Tony not bothering to hide his curiousness, it's some time before Steve manages to sit Tony down on the couch with the bribe of warm coffee. He sits on the other end of the couch, turning towards his guest.
Two, from his first glance, he knows it's a C-450, a Hammer design without an emergency kill switch.
Sarah's hand is gentle on his shoulder, but he feels brittle, and when she speaks, voice all too caring, he doesn't know what to do.
Steve huffs, torn between being touched and being confused at the sudden surge of concern from Tony.
. “Marry me.”
find other people,” Tony spits back.
think I have enough time to follow the government’s latest propaganda?”
"Steve likes to rush into things," he argues instead.
Let them underestimate Tony.
“Not at all,” Steve assures him, taking out a folded piece of paper from his jacket. “Just wanted to tell you Peter's aunt sent this to the fire station yesterday.”
his cheeks wet? Oh, he's crying. He shouldn't be crying now. Crying is useless. Captain America shouldn't be crying in front of lawyers.
"It doesn't
“Well.” A pause. Tony gives his spoon a quick lick, glancing at the folded-up post it next to his bowl. “There are a few old-fashioned things worth keeping around.”
But Tony never wanted the world. Tony wanted the stars above. Wanted to know what it felt like to ride a roller coaster, to fly, to
It is, of course, just his luck that Tony wanders to his room right then, his footsteps so familiar that Steve knows its him before he turns around. Tony freezes just outside the door, eyes flicking to the clothes scattered around the usually tidy room then to the suitcase.
"You can recover in bed."
Tony winces again, turning around in his chair. “What
"I'm fine," Steve fights the hot pain to rasp out, his hand blindly searching for the crook of Tony's armor where the arc reactor sits, resting his head heavily on the armor's hard shoulder. He has to get up, to keep fighting, but -
Those are just normal waffles.
His pacemaker protests the stress on his heart, whirring loudly as he breathes to calm down.
“I thought you were perfectly fine?” Steve chuckles, the same teasing lilt to his question.
to do. He could keep Steve
“Steve,” the man dares to offer a hand to shake. “Steve Rogers. Fire Captain.”
The words hang between them, a chasm of differences Tony’s only beginning to realise. It should have been the first hint that they wouldn’t work, but they’re both young, and Tony leaps easily across the first cracks, eager, curious, innocent.
“And your endearing grumpiness,” Steve finishes. “I'm marrying all of that. I'm saying yes to all that.”
Instead of staging endless attacks on endless troops, he gets to go deeper. Steve is tasked with tracking down illegal shipments of weapons, which is busy enough to keep him distracted.
“My flight is in six hours, Tony,” Steve feels suddenly tired. “I need to clean all this up.”
To the public, Steve was merely one more of Tony Stark's faceless rotation of bodyguards. Without the cowl and with some hairgel, Steve became far less recognisable as a Medal of Honor hero.
“Well, that's great to know.”
Except now, the warmth he huddles for is against a different cold - the creeping chill of loneliness he'd never noticed until Tony had come along, firebright and determined.
“You should go help Clint. I'll be fine alone,” he tightly says.
“Let’s get you more comfortable,” Steve murmurs. He hooks a hand beneath Tony’s waist and keeps his other hand cradled around Tony’s head, holding his breath until he manages to stand up without waking his boyfriend. Tony does shift around, though, nose pressing into Steve’s shoulder.
For once, Tony doesn’t argue.
“Sam called Carol on me. She is to enforce that I get enough sleep,” Stark pops a potato wedge into his mouth. “But Clint told me a certain Captain was darkening his door, and I told her I'd sleep after a quick stop.”
“Those shoulders,” Tony mutters into his beer, “are unfair.”
The cut on his forehead, which should be ugly and marring, just serves to make Steve even more defiantly, annoyingly adorable – a giant of a man with an even larger heart.
reasons outside of reasonable concerns for the company's reputation.
But with every barb that Tony throws at Steve, he's met with another barb that cuts beneath his attacks, burrowing under his armor to find the truth that Tony tries desperately to cover up again.
Hammer.
If Steve so much as
"I have a possible location on Tony Stark."
“I’m here.”
Clicking the first aid box shut, Tony sighs.
“The whole point of this was to make you think of good things,” Steve taps at Tony's chest. “And you're a very good thing in my books. The best.”
"Nice to throw away," she laughs, not bothering to turn around.
"Then fetch me all of the man's contacts before he died, please."
His phone is on the bedside table by his charger, and his tablet in the drawer. Both will have to come with him.
"Let's hope you get the chance to tell Tony that."
Putting down his phone, Steve glances back down to his post-it list, trying to put two and two together. Tony couldn't possibly – Tony couldn't possibly know about Steve's newfound crisis, could he?
heroes.” He gives another wry smile to Kamala, and Steve stares at the dimples forming in his cheeks, at the way the bright white lights turn Stark’s eyes into a gentle brown, calming and steady. “Ah, took you long enough, Sam.”
that uniform - and he doesn't think he can bear hearing his mother discuss it.
The designs can wait.
Rhodes’ eyebrows rise. “I thought we agreed: no more dying.”
“Don't bully the sick person,” Tony huffs.
"And impossible is a boring way to live." He pulls out his phone, tapping quickly at it until it dials on speakerphone. One ring is all it takes for it to connect, and he grins straight into Steve's eyes. "Pep? You know Malibu Point?"
Steve carefully watches Tony mingle with other heirs - and heiresses, in this case, Janet van Dyne. Tiberius Stone and Sunset Bain had been among the draft guest list to the private opening of the Met's latest art exhibition, as had Whitney Frost, but SHIELD's diversionary tactics were well-versed in keeping potentially catastrophic interactions at a minimum.
Whatever Tony chose to do, it was his business, and Steve was… not happy, no.
Shaking his head, Steve taps into the comms, newly designed by Tony. "Agent May? Stane diverged from protocol. Windows are exposed, I need an extra man."
“My friend’s in the Air Force. Has his own service puppy,” Stark goes around the exam table, smiling at Liberty who tensely sits on her haunches. “Gotta admit, Butterfingers doesn’t bark as much as this girl.”
"I'm sorry," Tony confesses, holding onto her hand for an absolution he doesn't know where else to find. "For the bomb at the Ritz putting Steve in danger. For making Steve work twenty-four-seven and keeping him away from you. For - "
"How pissed would Howard be if you slept with me?" Steve parries.
Similar to ‘
"Is anything really a secret, these days?"
And oh, that's a mistake. Tony pauses, turning on his heel to face Steve, eyes wide. Steve can practically hear the lightning-fast gears in Tony's head turn, clicking into place.
“Your turn,” Steve shrugs the compliment away. “Why are you friends with Tiberius and Sunset?”
' me to do anything." Then, more seriously, "you're a good man. You shouldn't belong in war, Tony."
and Tony grins, snatching the keys from him. His day looks so much brighter.
Tony shrugs. He honestly doesn’t know.
Tony stares at him for a second before he takes the coffee back, gulping down half the cup, because he can't possibly be awake enough now if he's imagining Steve taking care of him like this.
"If I recall," Stane shifts his gaze towards Steve, lips twisted, "it was your agents who were responsible for safeguarding the unfortunate press conference last December."
But there are some things he doesn’t know how to ask for.
Part of Steve understands that Tony sometimes needs a break from him, which is why he had arranged rotating shifts with other agents. But this was his shift, and he's going to do his job to keep the world's most talented mind - and in his very objective opinion, the world's most wonderful man - as safe as possible.
’ all at once, and when Tony feels Steve press a kiss into his hair, he knows he’s forgiven.
Given limited options to have a normal lunch outside, they've taken to arranging quick dates in the safety of Tony's workshop, Mr. Jarvis dutifully delivering their burgers accompanied by a threatening glare at Steve. These moments were a much needed oasis in an otherwise dreadful world of false paper trails and frustrating dead ends.
"You've changed," Steve numbly says. His friend wasn't this bitter man.
"The government wants to declare him dead. The Air Force is sending me back to New York."
Glancing around the empty diner, Tony lowers his voice. “Yes, but he’s
Rolling his eyes, Tony explains. “I go back to Manhattan. You can come with us. Meet Jarvis.”
“What about your Ma?” he tries desperately, because Steve was going to
"And a hell lot of paperwork to come, too," Steve sighs, cranking one wooden lid open.
weapons."
He tamps down his irrational, bubbling curiosity, and he blames it on the whiskey that he holds out his hand instead, one reckless action traded for another. "Prove it."
“If I build you something big, will you marry me?”
“Obie! How'd you know I wanted - ”
"I'm guessing you need to go?" Steve carefully says. He's learned that crowding up the ER isn't a good thing, and he suddenly becomes uncomfortably aware of his large body blocking the way.
That doesn't matter anymore, though, does it?
“It’s kinda rude, you know,” Tony shrugs, “to go on vacation without inviting your friends.”
He had tried to move on. Had spent four months dating Sharon Carter, had gone out twice with the lady from Accounting and spent a week working out his frustrations in bed with a man in Johannesburg.
He's not leaving anyone behind.
“Sam told me,” Nat answers the call, “are you alright?”
It's highly distracting to have Tony's teasing rewind over and over in his head. Steve slumps into one of the chairs, turning his phone around in his hand.
"You're always planning something, Tony," Steve forges on with his mule-headedness, "and I can't seem to talk with you lately. I can't spend more than five minutes with you." Once again, he approaches Tony, this time going as far as to loosen Tony's grip around the wrench, Tony unable to be anything other than pliant when Steve touches him that gently. "I want to help," Steve pleads. "Just tell me how."
"Captain, do you require any assistance?"
"Maria," the Secretary lifts her hand to his lips. "The queen of New York herself. I rest easy knowing your son leads us all to greatness."
Steve takes a deep breath. Then another. And another.
how long has it been since that night? They hadn't even been fifteen - a different time in a different world when Tony would hammer out his frustrations on the piano instead of on hard, unforgiving metal.
“Jarvis wants to meet you,” Tony adds, hoping to change his mind.
"I, uh, wanted to see you?" Tony blinks at him, twisting his hands together before pocketing his lock picks and rocking slightly back on his heels. There's something muted about him now that he isn't yelling at Bucky, a hesitance that might even be
Acceptable risks – they took risks every day on the battlefield, and they’ve learned that getting hurt was an inevitability. They could scream and rage at each other about not being careful enough, about being too reckless, but that would only end up hurting them more.
"I'm sorry."
There are more useful things he can do than stare at the Captain. Groundbreaking medical research. Another surgery. Sleep. Or binge-watching yet another romcom.
"Agent Fury is replacing her, yes." That's a thought. Fury has a direct line to SHIELD's most classified, last resort asset named Captain Danvers. "But Peggy will still have her contacts, people she can call in favors."
“Was Doctor Stark handsome?”
“I’m not quite a dog therapist,” Stark laughs, “I tend to avoid human emotions too. But get her used to seeing strangers? Take her out with you on small dates – maybe walks in the park together with your date before you bring them home?”
"Certainly, sir. Shall I also provide a visual of Captain Rogers' silhouette?"
"You know," Tony observes as he huddles them both closer to the crab puffs, "Ms. Martinelli is still single if your dancing skills have improved."
Tony lifts his hand off the compass, shrugging. “JARVIS did it, but since I built JARVIS, technically I was the one who did it.”
"What?"
Tony pulls back, frowning at Natasha by the door.
Then, Tony answers with his best attempt at innocence. “Through the door, of course.”
"It's your bed.
breaking and entering."
“I don’t need the money.”
“I can miss both and I can love both – but we all know the waffles have the edge over you,” Tony takes two waffles.
How can she
The bottom edges of his white tank top gets pulled by the movement, showing a sliver of skin that Tony determinedly ignores.
“If you tilt the beam at a thirty one degree angle, there’s a chance the rebar won’t go clean through me. It can balance on the second floor’s pillars and give you enough space to lift Steve, then me.”
Another squeeze from Sarah, her hold on him steady. "You've both changed," she agrees easily, "my Stevie still draws everything he sees, though, and you still point out my kindness before anything else."
“You haven’t said yes to me.”
"Tony. I assume you're here for a reason?" Steve tries to broker some sort of peace. It's been a long day at SHIELD, and he really just wants a shower. Tony, however, didn't seem to be on board with that plan.
"We are
Steve doesn’t give Thor much chance to argue, already walking the opposite direction towards the corner pizzeria he saw earlier. He wasn't supposed to be on call today, but with nothing to do besides stare at his stubbornly blank canvases, he had tagged along when the first dispatch came.
"He's one to talk," Steve huffs. "He runs himself ragged more than I do."
“You’re not going to die on us, Tony. We’ll find a way,” Natasha’s voice returns again, and he hears Bruce, Clint, Thor, his entire family repeat the same sentiment, and Tony isn’t going to cry.
Steve huffs. "You're an idiot," he tells Tony again, which in Tony's very objective opinion is mean. "When we get out of here, I'm going to give you a lecture about self-sacrifice and we're going to go share a very large pan of pizza."
went above and beyond to save someone's life.”
They're on the third floor. Hammer's lab has enough chemical fuel to keep a fire burning. To burn the entire building down with incompetence. He
“Then it’s settled,” Steve smirks. “I’m taking you out again.”
"I don't drink on the job."
Waiting at the table is the neighbour two doors down from Bucky. Kate is funny. Smart. NYU’s doctoral candidate working on infectious diseases. Part of Steve understands why Bucky thought Kate might be the one – witty brunettes were Steve’s type – but most of what she says flies over the top of Steve’s head and while Steve enjoys listening to it, he suspects they have different priorities. The Italian entrées were excellent to smooth over any awkwardness, though, and he manages to get through to dessert without turning the occasion into too much of a trainwreck.
“Only for you.”
Ty throws another insult at Steve, and Steve throws one right back. Sunset manages to stop them before any punches fly.
Before the ambulance arrives, though, he has one last thing to do in their small bubble of privacy: he presses a kiss on Tony's knuckles.
“Why are you looking at me like that?” Tony asks, ready to strike back against whatever mockery might come.
“Tony might not have that long – ”
"But I can do
The timestamp is a second after the failed call to Pepper, and it's - there's fire in the background, on the right edge is the back wheels of what must be the humvees, and there's a man in uniform that is decidedly
Natasha fills in the gaps, words tinged with dreadful realisation. “Either puncture your abdomen further or break Steve’s spine.”
“You're good at this,” Steve dares to say, eyes still firmly shut.
That somehow hurts more than the rebar in his stomach, or the sharp edges of the suit piercing his flesh there.
"JARVIS," Tony says into the silence of the workshop, unable to bring himself to go back to the bedroom devoid of any trace of Steve, "track him. If Steve gets so much as a papercut, I want to know."
“If you – if you lift the slab off Steve, it’s going to drive the rebar through me,” he closes his eyes. He can do this. A trade, an equation, a balance. “And if you try to move the rebar, it’s going to change the slab’s center of gravity.”
Sure, they still saved the world seamlessly. Out in the field, they were a team, no longer the chemical mixture of chaos they had been a year ago – but saving the world was different from living in it, from loving it.
“Yeah,” Rogers agrees, “the fire department wins the competition any day, but sharing the victory is caring.”
hiding some muscle under your sweaters.” He pulls out the chair across the table from Steve, frowning at the dust on it but sitting anyway. “Don’t worry too much about Liberty – Libby? – she just needs two days on the IV.”
"Tony - "
He stares into his cold bedroom and throws on one of his thicker shirts to stave off the cold weather. When he walks toward the small studio he set up, Liberty’s already there waiting by the stool in front of his easel, tail thumping softly on the floor.
Three weeks was stretching the rope thin, however, and Tony knows it
“I think you’re just hungry.”
Mrs. Carter waves cheerfully at him from where she’s propped up against the gurney’s stiff back. “He’s quite charming,” she whispers to Steve in her British accent.
promise me your hands are the safest, Doctor Stark.”
Holding what looks very much like a bomb, the fraying edges of duct tape still attached to it.
Steve's shoulders hunch in on themselves. “I was worried.”
At Steve's name, however, DUM-E rolls over, beeping curiously.
This time, Tony has a valid excuse for escaping the bustle of the ER.
In the safety of the Malibu Mansion that Steve now calls his safehouse, JARVIS collates everything, sounding as surprised by the data as Steve - stored in a remote private server that even JARVIS had no access to. It speaks of paranoia. Steve wonders if he's opened a pandora's box by letting all this out, but he knows there's no going back - not if he wants to find Tony.
. His hand shakes.
The words come out more garbled than that, and Steve huffs. “Except that your lungs are suffering from smoke inhalation, your heart had oxygen deprivation, and – ”
“Tony, you build hearts for people. You're willing to stay behind in a fire, and you carry around bandages with stars and stripes because you know it'll make the kids happy.” Steve's hand falls on the bed beside Tony's, not touching, but
of you."
"He won't listen to me," Steve warns.
"You're asking for a lot."
Steve stares up at the impressive mansion, refusing to be daunted. There are numerous reasons to be nervous, to run and never go back, but the building isn’t one of them.
He lets his smile linger until the door to closes behind Pepper. When it does, he motions for JARVIS to bring back his files. The AI was still learning, but it was enough for what he needed.
"Hear that, Cap?" Tony whispers, shifting on the hospital bed, "I like to think there are...
Tony wants to. He really wants to.
They were a tangled web he had to unravel.
Tony grins wide, puffing his chest out for show. “Ha! I have America on my side.” He prods at Rhodes’ ribs, nudging the plate closer. “Gimme my waffles.”
"Aunt Peggy," he doesn't bother with pleasantries, "I need everything from your investigation on my parents' accident."
He looks up to see Tony blinking awake. Steve takes in a deep breath, unable to stop it from shaking, and lets his hand finally touch Tony's arm, hot and clammy from the nightmare. "There you are, sweetheart."
"No dying before you build DUM-E a brother. Or a sister," Steve says.
"Do you really think SI will survive without me, Obie?"
Well. He has another consolation.
, change the world for you. "All this time, you found a way to reach me. Even when I didn't know."
Tony kicks him under the table, grinning back. “How about tonight? Here?” Tony counters. “I’m guessing you haven’t eaten since Libby was attacked. We can order a pizza?”
Tony nods. The IV needle in his arm is uncomfortable, and now that he's more awake, he's also more aware of the pain in his chest.
“What?”
Small mercies.
Tony thinks he might have made a very big miscalculation.
' that Steve lets out. If he has to bear seeing Steve in a ridiculously well-fitting army uniform with medals gleaming, he'll indulge himself in some drink, thank you very much.
Steve feels sick.
Admittedly, his time's not largely spent in the city.
“I'm not going to get involved in your rivalry.”
not concussed?" Tony squints suspiciously at him. That sounded too much like an offer for a date, with leeway for him to brush everything off as friendship.
"You don't have to go."
“Fine,” Tony adds, “I’ll stay here one more day as long as you keep up the pudding supply – I need the recipe, by the way, and I’ll build a machine to keep making it.”
” Tony hurls back at him, trying to prod at old wounds to burn their bridges even more. “I begged you to stay and you didn’t.”
It's –
One final thing to do: he pulls off the rubber gloves to take out the band-aids in his pocket, picking the one he usually reserves for kids.
,” Steve frowns, horrified. “No. Nat isn’t – I think she’d castrate me.”
“No, we're just the
Resisting the urge to groan, Steve focuses on clearing the pizza boxes from the table. “I don’t want to push you.”
“You haven’t answered my question.”
Maria steadies him. "Don't carry more regrets than you should."
Watching Doctor Wilson lead Kamala away, Steve sighs, unable to muster much annoyance.
"Pep," he sighs, "you know you experience some things and then they're over and you still can't explain them?"
“Here,” Steve stands, taking the medical coat from over the chair and holding it up for Stark to turn and slip it on easily. It’s an act that Steve has done for Bruce many times before, one that he’s sure interns have done for Stark too, so he shouldn’t be overstepping anything.
Softly, Steve clears his throat, nudging Tony’s ribs until Tony ignores the adults talking and turns around. That isn’t proper decorum, but he doubts that Sarah cares.
to be better.”
Tony nods sharply. “Aren’t we all?”
Still, no matter how lonely, “I don’t make those kinds of promises.”
"Regrettably, I
Tony bites his lip harder, clearly uncertain but forging on. Iron Man. Always brave. “You said to do it soon,” he gives Steve a shaky smile, “I hope it isn’t too soon?”
A lady waiting at home was something to hold on to during the freezing cold nights in the trenches, and the ecstatic sounds of their ‘
Grease stained the plain shirt he was wearing, uncombed hair sticking out so familiarly that it sends an even stronger pang of – of guilt, grief,
leaked Tony's location? I want them caught."
Jarvis – bless him – interrupts the two men. “Would you like some apple pie, sirs?”
But it was too late, anyway. Everything was tangled in a mess that felt too deep for him to dare to look closely at.
Who did that anymore?
“We’ll get you checked in,” Stark tells her, “you know Doctor Wilson is the best, and – ”
Smile turning smaller and softer, Tony slips his phone away. "It's good to see you, too."
She shrugs. "You're spending an awful lot of time with my godson. More than your assignment dictates."
“You're not supposed to touch!” Tony purses his lips, then freezes.
Plucking at a stray thread from his shirt, Tony doesn't meet his eyes.
Between Ty and Sunset being exhausting over their obsession about Teen Vogue’s latest issue  – Tony doesn’t care if they’re featured on the covers or not – and Tony’s own abysmally lacking list about Steve’s behavioural anomalies, he supposes he’s here because he doesn’t know what Steve is up to, and the questions are slowly chipping away at his sanity.
Her integrity or grit wasn't his worry, god knows what he'd done before he met her.
"Your biometric accesses to the workshop remain functional."
hate training exercises,” Tony admits, letting his eyes fall shut, unable to take much more sunlight after a night of staying up. When did he get so old? “But arguing with you sucks more. I shouldn’t have snapped at you when we argued,” he adds, “so how about – ”
"JARVIS?" he tries.
Tony doesn’t spend the summer meeting Steve.
"Thank you," Steve says. "I became his protector when I became his friend."
The paramedics rush to help open the door, and he takes in a deep breath to center himself. Any distraction could cost a patient's life.
“Medical attention,” Tony deadpans, darting forward to stick the star spangled band-aid on the forehead cut before Steve can object. “There, all done,” he can't resist grinning his victory.
words blur, and Tony chokes back the welling fear, denial, longing that bubbles in him.
“What?”
All those times he had hacked into the Pentagon just to try figure out what Steve's next mission would be, and design the latest StarkTech needed to protect him - why couldn't he stop caring?
"We don't know what's wrong," Peggy shrugs, "if we knew, there wouldn't be an investigation."
Tony has Pepper and Rhodey and Happy, but he misses Steve.
The sun after the storm.
“Look,” Steve scowls, “I’m not interested in joining you and your group. You don’t need to pretend to care. You never have.”
"Hi," Tony fiddles with a paintbrush he nicked from somewhere in the room, "hi."
A balancing act. He hasn't gotten it quite as well as Peggy could balance everything, but he doubts Peggy would manage to keep quiet either if this went on longer.
Neither did Steve. Tony never did get time to come visit during their school breaks, and Steve had long accepted that his two closest friends might never meet each other. "We went through a rough time together," he says, breathing through the phantom tightness of his chest. "Buck likes knowing I'm safe."
"You can't punch an entire army of bullies, Steve."
Obie had said,
“Her father is hitching a ride on the ambulance with Bruce. They're both fine, only surface-level injuries,” Steve quickly reports, hoping to be helpful. He hadn't expected Stark to be
choose this job?”
It’s not that Liberty trusts Tony. It’s that Steve trusts Tony, so by extension, Liberty does too.
“You deserve it,” Sam gives Liberty a fond pat, eyeing the rest of the dogwalkers in the park. He nods his chin to a particularly burly man with a chihuahua. “What about him?”
“Tony?”
"This time, I'm not the scrawnier kid," Steve feels an answering smile tug at him, some of the tension loosening between them.
“Oh?”
"You idiot," Steve coughs.
"Of course, Captain. The man is shown in official records to have died four years prior."
"We'll be ready for take off in twenty minutes," Steve tells Peggy.
"And I plan on not being deaf by the time I'm ninety!" Steve yells right back.
If Steve knows where to dig to get under Tony's skin, then Tony knows intimately which the fractures to press on in Steve's armor. The way Steve jerks back minutely, almost imperceptibly, is jarring.
people find fun to be good in moderation,” Carol winks at Tony. “Thought I managed to scare you off this bar's turf, Rogers.”
“I’m sorry for not coming back last night.”
"You've got a nice place," Tony blurts out at the same time.
Tony throws away the drenched swab and fishes out the needle and thread. “I'm growing familiar with your recklessness complex. This is going to need stitches. Did Banner give you painkillers?”
“You can’t ask me to do that.”
"Steve," Tony breathes out again, more desperate this time, the knuckles of his fist turning white.
He lets the feel of rough paper beneath his fingertips calm him, and the sounds of DUM-E beeping away at his charging station are familiar enough to pull him out of his thoughts.
All that earlier relief escapes Steve, and he closes his eyes for a few long seconds. “No – I – I’m really bad at this,” he lets out a breath.
Sam points to one of the windows. “Third floor, right across that room.”
Steve turns back to watch Tony cross the street, disappearing into the crowd. He coughs to clear his throat – to clear his mind.
“Co-bed the babies,” Tony orders. “Put her with him,” he points at two incubators, and then, “the twins go together, the two girls too.” Those are the healthiest infants, they can handle co-bedding, they can handle vertical evacuation. That leaves two more, including little Maria. “
He shares the cookies with Steve, and he’s grateful for the quiet acceptance.
Except it's Steve, and it should be weird, shouldn't it?
“Oh?” The hope curling in Tony's stomach sparks into a warmer wish, scalding hot as he tries to stamp it down.
,’ Steve had said.
"You're not the only genius around, Doctor."
if needed. Plus, his time would be better spent actually making the company more money.
but cannot think of better. A young man enters the mansion, calling himself Fury, and Aunt Peggy makes a rare appearance.
“You shouldn’t be so distracted,” Obie chides him when he stays in his room all week, trying to come up with a fitting reply to the letter. Then, Obie presents him with an early Christmas gift: new tools that Howard had forbidden, tools that Obie had persuaded to be allowed.
Steve’s smirk blooms into a laugh. “I used my override code to get to the comms recording.”
,” the nickname cracks at the end, her voice wavering. “We’re not going to give up.”
that threatens to disarm Steve completely.
Steve feels the weight of everyone's gazes, but Stane's is heaviest, and Steve understands without having to open it.
He doesn’t stay on the common floor longer after that, doing his best to avoid Tony and Natasha for the next few weeks because it isn’t fair to any of them that Steve can’t keep his foolish heart under control.
There was endearing, and there was paranoid.
“Ma’s doing well,” he says, nodding towards another frame on the wall: his Ma's first day out of the hospital, Steve finally more than a foot taller than her in the photo. "Bucky's getting better."
"You're not supposed to be here," Tony turns around to make sure that this
“How’s Libby doing?”
“You’ll work on it,” Tony has the grace to say.
"Sure of what?"
“They’re not as big as Thor’s.”
“I don’t know you well,” Tony shrugs, pretending. Steve doesn’t like him, but Tony’s attended enough parties and been taught how to get others to talk.  Gaze darting to the blank canvases, he asks an easier question. “You draw much?”
Wilson, having come back with the antibiotic cream, points at an empty bed. “Sorry, I – ”
Quill puts his arms on his hips, blocking Tony's view of his patient. Tony decides enough is enough.
does he have one knee on the floor, right there kneeling beside Tony’s hospital bed and holding up a goddamned pudding cup?
“This morning you were glaring holes behind Clint’s head, last week, you were ready to murder Thor, and even Pepper’s started to steer clear of you. Should I be shocked that my troublesome self has escaped Captain America’s disapproval for once?”
With pushing and pulling and renegotiating old government contracts, the item slips out of Tony's mind long enough that it's too late by the time he returns to it.
He thinks of Tony enjoying coffee ice cream while Steve supposedly takes his time in the restroom.
Rogers might've barged into Tony's life. He is
"Did anyone mention geniuses?"
Less than the nuke, less than the shrapnel.
"I've found no incriminating evidence about Tony," Steve reports almost defensively. Then, with the full weight of reality, he adds, "but if you've found anything hinting at his... his guilt, I would - I would be able to act."
“No,” he unbuttons his uniform. His shift isn’t quite over yet, but with the soot from two emergency calls, it’s best to change into something cleaner. “His name’s Doctor Stark.”
He's not sure whether she's in league with Natasha who has been trying to get Steve to go on dates. He puts that thought aside for the moment, though, more concerned with her arms than his heart.
haven't Googled him yet,” Clint mutters. Then, before he walks back to the storage room, Clint pokes at Kamala's shoulder. “Leave Steve alone. He's a lost cause.”
, how long had it been since that night? Steve's hands around his and the promise of '
“So, will he be okay, Nurse?”
This time, when Steve braves another kiss, it lands squarely over the top of Tony's smile.
Glancing up at Steve's tense shoulders and Carrie's shaking ones, he has to make a choice. And in the end, it isn't really a choice: more of a foregone conclusion.
And really, wasn’t his life the funniest joke there was? It kept pitting him back against Steve at the most inopportune moment, whether it was as fellow students or as a superhero and a former Army Captain.
But he has never been able to back down from anything.
The novelty of seeing him outside the baggy fire uniform is messing with Tony's resolve. That All-American
He skips the newspaper stand.
"Harold, but Harold's nearly as boring as Steve, so I had to make do."
"The light?" Steve frowns.
Tony puts down his pen. “It’s my pleasure, Captain.”
He sees it in the way Tony's eyes shine with wonder at the children's ceaseless queries about the stars, the invisible atoms, the leaves outside, and the old band shirt Tony is wearing.
“What made you choose to be a doctor?”
' Kamala had asked with far too much cheer for someone whose apartment just narrowly avoided a fire. Steve had agreed with her assessment of Stark's abilities, but that only served to make her even more excited. '
Tony sneaks a glance at Steve, unsure how he would take it knowing that Tony wrote home so much about him.
Howard doesn't need to know.
His phone chimes again.
“Well,” Steve's hand inches closer to his, until the edges of their palms brush. “I've heard that you've got the safest hands.”
men?"
not make weapons. But he believed that Obie –
“May I?” Steve leans closer, so close that he can see the gold in Tony's eyes.
“On a date.” Tony's smile flickers between the camera-ready one and the one Steve loves seeing at breakfasts: soft and unguarded. “Then hopefully a hundred more,” Tony goes on, “
He feels the rebar shift, and –
, only if you still don’t disapprove of me, go shopping for – for rings.”
“Used to it,” Tony waves off. “And I understand her. Trust can be slow.”
She’s like him, after all, ready to cut the wire but trying to fix it too.
“She’s calm now that Sharon’s gone.”
Picking a random part of the room, he points to a man in a red suit. "Yes, you," Tony nods.
"And I think about how I could lose you too and - "
Stranded between the floors of the Mansion, Steve stares through the pitch black at the end of the corridor.
does not imagine each other in bed.
“There’s no need to be polite, Captain. I know my son. He wouldn’t have made it out of the supersoldier program like you did,” Howard waves away his words, “you’re the only one of America’s best men strong enough for it.”
“Steve Rogers,” Natasha leans forward, conspiratorial. “Tony doesn’t like him.”
“Subtle,” Tony shakes his head in disbelief. “But no. Believe it or not, I don’t do dates well – I just enjoy the food here.”
The door to his room swings open, and Tony grins when it’s Steve who comes back in, carrying a tray full of pudding cups.
“Steve.”
builds something big for Natasha: a spider bot meant to attend SHIELD debriefings in her place.
Tony swallows. “Sam saved me?”
How did he fail this time?
Steve's kisses aren't enough anymore.
Steve gives a nod to the doctor, who starts moving, wiping an antiseptic across the back of Tony's thin,
Stark, thank you very much, with three doctorates to boot.
"I can come by the mansion again," Steve offers, "or grab that coffee you promised me to discuss what we've found with the flashdrive from Pepper."
Faster elevators, next on his to-do list.
A sense of
Until he manages to convince Tony of the truth: that given the choice, Steve wouldn't willingly leave Tony again - he has his sketchbook and this growing collection of moments kept in charcoal gray.
The men have featured in so many of the newspaper clippings that Steve had hoarded in his ten years of service. He’s memorised the words on each of them, his newly enhanced memory capturing the precious few bits of news he’d managed to get during those months in the deserts.
(Neither is Steve.)
the hard part. And the longer Steve glares at him, the harder it feels.
“There’s no crime. It was a minor kitchen fire. Just wanted to make sure he’ll be alright, Nurse.”
“Sorry, Nat, gotta go.”
"Listen," Tony sighs for the hundredth time. "I visit orphanages every month. The kids aren't about to assassinate me, Steve. They'll only give me mild food poisoning from their cooking."
“That’s alright,” Steve says, unable to quite hide his disappointment. “Ma sends her love.”
Instead, he makes his way down to the workshop, presses in the security code, and makes his way to the sketchbook he left on the couch there.
“Steve – ”
"What?"
Never look a gift horse in the mouth, yeah – Tony doubts the ancient Greek had to resist that All-American smile.
It’s parked right in front of the elevator doors Steve was just planning to step out of.
Steve, chuckles. “You’re staying right there, Mister.”
There's too much between them for Steve to feel even the slightest bit of sheepiness at the pile of burger wrappers he's accumulated. Being a supersoldier was hard work.
And there are evenings where time will tick away quickly, slipping between their fingers until Steve finds Tony slumped asleep on the bed, surrounded by sketches of messy blueprints. Unlike Steve's cautious lines, erased and drawn and erased again, Tony's strokes have a boldness to them, a deep-seated surety, and Steve will spare a second to wonder at all the brilliance he doesn't understand before he collects the papers and moves them to his desk.
“Sort of.”
"How do you know he wasn't the one to return them?"
at the side of the road with other cars whizzing past them.
Steve never thought that so much would change, and yet, he's here, halfway across the world from home, scouting for HYDRA bases in the area.
“Ruining other people’s lives just because you can shouldn’t be your business either,” Steve doesn’t budge an inch, standing between the flowerbeds and the trio.
“It’s Tony now, is it?”
, in any way, disappointed that his rubber gloves means he can't feel whether the blond strands are soft or rough. This is his job. He can act more mature than a goddamned teenager.
“Marry me,” Tony’s words are muffled by the food in his mouth, but Steve’s sharp ears pick them up anyway, and he freezes as he hears Rhodes huff.
“I have the worst working hours,” he blurts out before Steve can –
"I'll walk you out," Steve stands.
“Tony,” Steve couldn’t help blurting out.
“Tony,” he can hear the slight wobble to Rhodey’s voice. “You can’t ask me to.”
Cowardly, but he doesn't trust himself to be able to give the news with the strong steadiness Tony deserves.
“Is everything a joke to you?”
“Still awake,” Tony says, taking care not to breathe in too deep. His stomach won’t appreciate having the cracked armor pierce even deeper.
“Keep him sedated,” Sam finishes for him. He really
one, this time – interrupts them. "Sorry. One of Doctor Hammer's experiments exploded again. Doctor Strange asked if you could check the lab for damages?"
He misses what Pepper says as he wipes the wetness on his cheeks away, thankful for Rhodey squeezing his shoulder to ground him. He must've missed something pretty important, though, because there's a - that's a velvet ring box on the table in front of Steve.
To hell with it. Tony moves three inches closer.
"This is too much, Mrs. Rogers," Tony swallows back his memories of Maria serving tea to her guests. Or at least, Jarvis serving tea for her, and her sneaking some onto Tony's plate.
“Thank me by not ruining my good work, Captain. No fighting fires for you tomorrow. Doctor's orders.”
“Yes, but I'll survive a little hunger,” she shrugs, “hunger is less torture than your pining.”
He’s also been happily introduced to the notion that ‘a lady waiting at home’ was far too restrictive. Only, he hadn’t expected to get an example of the new modern ideals so quickly.
Sunset cocks her head to one side. Most people would inch away at the sharpness of her smile.
, and whatever else they might say about him, Tony doesn’t want to hear what they might say about his friendship.
If they don't find Tony - Steve remembers that final conversation with the man that he loved, that he loves now, in spite of everything.
He never asked Bucky to give his life for him, he never asked Tony to give him a home. He won’t ask for Tony to give him any more.
“I’m sorry I can’t meet Bucky,” Tony mumbles into the phone. Someday soon, Tony was going to invent a better, slimmer, smarter phone that could be snuck around anywhere, so he could call Steve any time without worrying that anyone else would discover this. Someday soon, he'd make a better phone for Steve.
“Is it working?”
Howard had wanted to drink - or at least, the usefulness of having that as a cover.
– would actually go so far to hurt Steve.
The fond nickname is something Tony himself has called Carol, especially when she used to go on actual patrols, but Tony squints suspiciously at the coffee, then at Rogers.
"Others?" Tony scoffs. "Justin Hammer? His tech is laughable. Viastone Inc.? Ty has no wit to keep his dreams afloat."
"Doctor Stark?" a nurse – a
" Maria's voice is small, sad, and Steve would be too if his family was this fractured. "We'll be flying out for Christmas."
He hadn't cried at his parents' funeral.
“Tony. I don't need trips to Asia or a grand orchestra or a giant eagle. If I'm marrying you, I'm marrying
"And how did that go?"
Sarah Rogers hugs Tony as soon as she opens her door for him.
“Good night, Nat.”
Steve’s smile grows wider. “We’ll drop by the kitchens, steal a pie or two.”
“You're a grandpa,” Tony waves his spoon in the air. “Just you wait. I'll get you to like modern tech and racier ice cream flavors, Cap.”
The names left unmentioned don't go unnoticed.
“Fuck you," Tony curses, biting the inside of his cheek hard to ground himself, "damn you to hell. You can’t – that’s not fair.”
"You still do."
“I don’t need you moping around alone, either, Rogers.”
“You’re welcome.”
And bickering with Steve over the songs on the radio?
Tony bumps their elbows again, hands still shoved into his own pockets to keep warm in the early winter. A hundred or so thinly veiled innuendos flash through him. He watches the mist form from Steve’s breaths, and decides he can save all that for when they’re in bed later. There’s some sort of courage that the darkening night gives him, something to hide the sudden rawness clawing at him. It feels so wrong to feel this happy, this light.
But even as he says it, he knows Tony's answer:
Liberty had made sure none of them returned.
Carol waits another second before she's satisfied. “Go on, Scrubs,” she lets go of his arm. “Give the hopeless Nozzle Heads a hand.”
"And you
Last night was the first time he had slept in his own room in a year, much preferring the comfort of Tony's larger bed.
The universe was playing some sort of convoluted game on him, and -
“So,” he clears his throat, picking up from where he’d left off, “how about – ”
"Are you Mister Tony's friend?" another girl wearing a reindeer sweater pokes at the edges of Steve's black suit, and he has no time to answer before a small boy tugs at Steve pants.
“You’ll tell him yourself.”
“I know more than three hundred ways to stop your heart.”
“I didn't rescue you just to have you die on me again, Scrubs,” Carol cuts in. “You better come out breathing.”
But it isn't the whole truth.
the Steve Rogers I know. Stop moping around, be a little more stubborn. You told me that's what the Stark kid did to you."
With the window blinds drawn up, Tony hisses at the sunlight that hits him as soon as the elevator doors open again, squinting to adjust his stinging eyes, until
Natasha steals a fry, smirking. “Does Steve Rogers ring a bell?”
“Build faster armor,” Steve grits out.
All of them except Howard.
,” he curses, whirling around to glare at her back, “my heart isn’t strong enough for heart attacks, Romanoff.” She only sways her hips a bit more, walking away.
"I know you visited my Ma and Peggy. Whatever it is you're planning - "
decided to put me through team training,” Tony rolls his eyes half-heartedly, “and I’m tired as hell and my back hurts, and my boyfriend – sorry, my fiancé,” he corrects with a bright grin aimed at Steve, “was ignoring me for some lame news. Had to get his attention somehow.”
"Stark Industries has a new factory there," Tony flicks the bolt into the growing pile inside the next box. "It was the last one Howard made."
"You want me to keep to making weapons," his hand curls into a fist. "You want me to stay out of it, but you want me to keep making weapons for SHIELD."
Tony huffs and continues doing his best to not be taken in by the surprisingly easy banter.
"That I made you happy."
Maybe Steve should’ve called Bucky instead. Or not. Bucky would only tease without giving any insight. Steve sighs. He doesn’t know whether he should feel guilty that he’s concerned over what to wear when Liberty’s just been attacked. But Liberty is doing much better than she had been five hours ago, and he’s not sure how quickly he can get the apartment cleaned before Tony comes over.
to Rhodes? For the sake of waffles? What did that make Steve’s pancakes?
Maria was out of town with Howard, though, so today he's chosen to spend his Saturday evening working on a prototype for Bucky's arm, a form of neural interface he hopes he can take further to develop into an actual product line of prosthetics.
"I'm sorry. I was an ass," Steve sighs. "I should have come back earlier, I shouldn't have let him push me away."
“I’m very busy with my job,” Steve smiles, quirked up to one side, and Tony feels his throat catch.
An affirmative beep, followed by DUM-E’s claw nudging Tony’s shoulder towards the elevator.
“Ugh,” Steve groans.
"Not now, Pep."
Tony shrugs. “Good enough.”
Tony shakes his head. Then nods.
Tony lets himself be pulled away.
"Steve, I - "
They're almost delicious enough to distract him from the situation, but Steve edges closer to him and he catches a whiff of lemon shampoo that he can't ignore. Doubt, ugly and dark, rears its head.
That, it seemed, was not acceptable to Tony, whose jaw tightens with displeasure. "If there are lives on the line," Tony hisses, voice low, "if there are lives on the line, I deserve to know.
She feeds him another ice chip. “We nearly lost you.”
“I'm not taking your private jet, Tony.”
“Steve?”
Jotting down what he knows with a pencil, he finds himself scratching his head.
"Then call Barnes or someone who can
"What.
"Buck, we need to pack this up. Everything." The Stark Industries logo stares accusingly back at him. "These are top of the line. We can't let them disappear again. Whoever bought this much of it - whoever
“Rogers?”
Tony considers that, buttoning down his dress shirt. Red, because he wants to be ostentatious, with gold buttons because that is what they'd expect out of a spoiled heir with his father finally gone.
“Get him home, Nozzle Head,” she gives him a quick salute.
There might've been a time in college when Tony had taken to the vices Howard had taught him: the drinking, the parties, the women.
“Give yourself more credit.”
“I can walk,” Tony says. “It's fine.”
There is so much he should have done, so much he has to do.
“And how
A small nod is all Steve needs to move, hand wrapping around Tony and pulling him close until Tony's head rests on his chest and their legs tangle between the sheets. "Thank you," Tony whispers. His voice is raspy.
"I'm not taking a reassignment."
In his rush, Stark lets Steve help him put it on, but when Steve makes sure to smooth the coat over Stark’s shoulders, Stark stiffens until Steve lifts his hands again.
He wants that so much, but he's trying to turn over a new leaf. No parties, more boring responsibilities.
“And you know we all love you,” Rhodey says back.
The only upside to all this was that higher security had been deemed necessary for him by the one-eyed pirate who was technically Steve's boss. They'd found another batch of stolen weapons, with evidence that the militias were growing tired of waiting through Tony's unusually lengthy delay between new weapons demonstrations.
. That must be Tony. "JARVIS, lights on. Dimmed, please."
He lifts himself on top of the kitchen counter, feet dangling off its edge. "You can give me the
Still, if Pepper thinks it deserves further digging, Steve isn't about to leave a stone unturned after nearly a month of no useful leads.
He couldn't possibly be, but Steve had found that his friend wasn't the same person. And even if it
, Steve had thrown the accusation at him ten years ago.
Another sad beep. He ignores it for the moment, reaching out blindly for his coffee cup. It’s lighter than usual, which means – he sighs again, gritting his teeth against the headache building behind his eyes. Snapping his fingers at the more trustworthy U, he holds the cup in the air.
He supposes it's that lesson that's stopped him from hating Steve, too.
"Tony better be down there," Rhodey mutters, "otherwise, when my C.O. gives me a dressing down for gallivanting with an Army Captain," he gives Steve an approximation of a grin, "I'm gonna put all the blame on that Stark tardiness."
"You have nothing to be sorry for." He had to be quick about it. No time for grief or the bitter aftertaste of regret, because Steve doesn't know he's here.
Not good.
He steps away from Steve, slamming the drawer shut with a final thud. "Obie, I just finished. Are we taking separate cars?"
Always pushing, always knowing Tony's limits, why can't Steve let things go? Why must he be so stubborn?
use the private kitchen on his floor of the Tower, but the communal kitchen is the one all the Avengers congregate to each morning and Colonel Rhodes’ visit hasn’t changed that.
“Steve,” Tony puts his hand on top of the compass, holding it between their palms.
“Did you even
They make quick work of it all, subduing and questioning until they find their target.
“Run along,” Ty tries to usher the smaller boy away. “This is none of your business.”
Freed and with Steve occupied by his efforts to calm the reporter, Tony glances at the timer.
But once Steve finishes packing up the gurney with Thor, he finds himself dawdling slightly.
Taking a deep breath, he runs his hand roughly through his hair.
Giving Steve a self-satisfied grin, he shakes his head. No. Steve wouldn’t really want to befriend Tony if he knew that Tony thought he could be stupidly reckless.
The table beneath Steve's hand cracks.
, he hears Jarvis chide in his head.
That helplessness didn't belong in Captain America.
"You are
To have that much faith placed on his shoulders is daunting, but comforting - because where Obie pushes for
“Sometime soon, I hope,” Steve whispers into the small space between them, a secret confession. “We can have fondue next time, cheese and Italian.”
“You think our weapons don’t save lives?” Obie’s tone turns dark despite his smile. “Tony, all those American soldiers, they come home because of you. If you waste your time on some hippie project, they stop coming home.”
"Nothing too peaceful. I gave him some hens and flamingos to take care of - I'm afraid peace isn't quite Jarvis' forte," Tony tells her.
“J is not a murderbot, thank you very much," Tony reminds him, "and Jarvis is starting to adjust to the
"Your quinjet was ready to take off five minutes ago."
Someone tries to wrench Tony away but he stands his ground. "I can disarm it." He might not be Captain America, but he
Car keys dangle from Steve's hand. "A ride in this?"
"Hey," Steve's far too gentle hand cups his cheek, "don't let your mind wander off too far. Why don't you breathe with me?"
"I wouldn't know how to use it, dear."
He feels like an intruder, awkward, as Tony grins up at Rhodey, bruised cheeks and all. "I missed you, honeybear," Tony says.
"That's a great way to say 'awesome idea, Tony, you should build something here'."
"That's boring," he groans, wiggling around to find a nicer position on Steve's lap.
That Steve looks good is a simple fact Tony's grown used to over the years. That Steve looks good enough to eat?
, but he wouldn't do it in the way Ty did to make Tony feel smaller.
Something catches in the back of Tony’s throat, raw and rough and real. “I think I would have loved her too.”
The armor closes back up, going into sentry mode.
The chuckle that comes from the other end of the call doesn’t quite bode well. “That wasn’t a ‘no’, Captain,” Natasha teases. “And he’s also rich.”
The slightest upward tip of her lips tells Steve she's gotten what she wanted from this roundabout session: confirmation that Stane was spooked by the investigation for deeply
" he spits out. "Why did you stop writing? Howard must have told you to stop, and since Howard thinks the sun shines out of your ass, you must have listened."
With that, Stark turns on his heels. Steve watches him go, a small laugh finally escaping him when he notices Stark's mismatched shoes. One red as red as his scrubs, and one as yellow as the helmet on Steve's head.
"And in the meantime, you would have me ignore the people who may have killed my mother?"
. Skinny Steve who stood up to Ty and Sunset for me.”
Having learned his lesson, Steve hangs back, watching with rapt fascination as something seems to soften across Stark’s eyes, crow's feet forming at their edges as he smiles.
smart,” Steve relents, accepting the cookie from Thor and chewing on it thoughtfully.
Tony tries to imagine it. Ty would never agree to anything like that. “That actually sounds nice. Do you need my help kicking you out of this place?”
He knows Tony doesn't believe him.
He flips it around. “Where did you – what?”
’ from Tony after the god creates a thunderstorm strong enough to rescue Tony from having to attend a backyard party in the Hamptons.
Then, “thank you.”
They’ll be having some sweet,
Everything comes to a head in September.
Tony whips around.
"Who has access?"
“Ah,” Steve turns to Liberty lying on top of a nest of old blankets. He feels awkward, now that the main business is over. “Do you want to wash up?” Dog slobber isn’t the most pleasant thing to have on your face after a while, and it’ll give Steve some time to think of what to say.
to stay even with the danger there."
“No arguing,” Tony says. Knowing Steve, their next argument might just be about whose fault it was, each of them shouldering too much blame on themselves. Frankly, Tony doesn’t think his back is up to any shouldering right now. And if they aren’t arguing, then, well. He lets his head tip sideways, ignoring the ache in his back, until his head rests on the crook of Steve’s neck.
“Your solution,” Tony hears his own voice, an octave higher than usual, “is a pudding cup?”
A cough. “Hacked your phone,” Tony says. “Sorry.”
At least, that was what he had tried to tell himself as he'd traced the neat curls of ink where the letters were signed
The lights overhead turn on. Their brightness is exactly how Steve preferred them a decade ago - too dim for him, now. "Good afternoon, Captain Rogers. It's 3.49 PM. The weather in Malibu is 72 degrees with scattered clouds - "
