The men started to run, but Peter was infinitely faster. He webbed them to the ground before they could move more than six feet.
“How’d you guys meet?”
The bag was ripped off his head, and he blinked at the sudden change in brightness.
“Yeah,” Steve’s smile turned softer. “He really cares about you. You’re like his son. Every time I see him in the lab, if he’s not working on tweaking his suit or Spiderman’s suit, he’s making plans and brainstorming on ways to make sure that you stay safe. I’ve never seen him like that with anyone else.”
Steve just rubbed at his temples for a moment before sighing deeply.
They started advancing on Flash, and the blood ran cold in Peter’s veins. He had to do something.
Peter widened his stance and braced himself for the impact of two hundred and twenty pounds of enhanced muscle. There was no way that Captain fucking America was getting hurt because of him, because of some stupid secret identity.
If these guys really were just two amateurs thinking that they had found an easy target, he was going to wipe the floor with them the first chance he got.
,” he ground out.
The voice was so undeniably Tony Stark that Peter couldn’t help but smirk.
Peter faked a gag even if he couldn’t wipe the grin off his face, especially not when Bucky and Sam were busy making kissy noises at the two men.
he’s more balanced and sturdier than he looks. Instead of moving when I hit him, he just, you know, didn’t move and caught it,” Steve finished, the tips of his ears dusted a light red.
He knew exactly what Steve meant, but was enjoying watching the man that could stop eighteen wheelers with nothing but his hands and sheer force of will backtrack and flounder more than he had any right to – something else Peter had picked up from his countless late nights with Tony.
Tony had been successfully co-parenting him with May for the past two years. He practically lived at the tower, and the bond he had with the rest of the Avengers ran as deep as blood. They were family in every way that mattered. Shared trauma generally had a way of bringing people together.
“You know, I think a hug and a kiss would be thanks enough. I did open the doors for him,” he teased.
“Hello, Stark,” he drawled, trying to sound confident and put-together.
All offense was taken. What he really wanted right that second was to drag the man into the sparring ring and show him exactly what he, a ‘civilian teenager,’ was capable of, but some rational part of his brain conceded. Steve was right. They were at a disadvantage, secret identity or no.
Steve cut off and his head snapped upward to the ceiling. Peter didn’t have to wonder what the soldier heard because if his enhanced hearing didn’t pick up on it, his Spidey Sense alerted him to it too.
All eyes were on them now, and it took everything Peter had not to shrink under the attention.
He let the attack connect but refused to make any noise louder than a grunt.
“It-“
“So, here’s what gonna happen. We’re gonna call little Eugene’s daddy, and see just how much he thinks his son is worth. Once he pays the appropriate amount, we’ll drop you brats off somewhere they’ll find you, and by then, we’ll be out of the country,” the brunette drawled, walking over to Flash and tilting his chin up with the barrel of the pistol he had shoved into Peter’s back on their walk over.
The hero had half a mind to do just that and bust the two of them out of there, but he needed to know why they were taken and where they were going. They obviously didn’t know about his secret identity or else they would have done a lot more than just a piece of plastic to restrain him, but there was the off chance that it was a much larger operation and revealing himself as Spiderman might make things slightly worse.
“You just found out that Tony’s pipsqueak shadow is the same dude that laid you out in the training simulation last month, and
“Right. That makes sense. I’m sorry. I just- He- Tony talks a lot about you, you know?”
A fist banging on the makeshift metal partition between them and the cab made them both jump.
“Well I couldn’t just let him get crushed! Besides, Wilson, do I need to remind you that I kicked your ass in that training sim too!” Peter defended, pointing an accusatory finger that the hero.
“I, uh, I do have some questions though because none of this really makes sense,” Flash said once they were out of the building and into the warm sunlight.
“Wait! I have someone you can call,” He said breathlessly, frantically looking between the two men.
“Did- did it get caught on something?” Steve asked warily.
“Sorry to steal your moment, Cap, but whatever it is that you’re about to say, can it wait until we’re out of this mess? I’d really like to take my chances on opening that door rather than plummeting to our death.”
“Shut the fuck up back there! Don’t make me pull over and duct tape your mouths shut,” one of them growled.
The vigilante didn’t hate the captain. Sure, he wasn’t a fan of how his mentor-turned-father-figure was treated during the whole Accords ordeal, but everyone had managed to come to a relatively civil agreement rather than a civil war, and Peter really had nothing against the man.
“Bubbly?” he challenged.
“Karen, call Tony for me.”
There were another few seconds of silence, and this time, Peter did grin.
“So, you’re telling me that those dumbasses somehow managed to cut the power to the entire block but
Peter tried not to slam his head into the metal wall. Of course, Captain America would want to make idle small talk when the teen was moments away from a meltdown.
“It’s gonna be alright, man. You heard them earlier. All they’re after is money. Once your dad pays up, they’ll let us go,” he said in an attempt to reassure the other boy.
He smiled to himself as Flash started to animatedly rattle off questions about everything from how he became Spiderman, to what the Avengers were like, and everything in between.
Worst case scenario, his secret gets out. It was a sacrifice that he would make a million times over if it meant keeping someone else safe. Flash may have been the source of his torment for years, but that doesn’t mean that Peter would let any real harm come to him.
He felt a spike of anxiety rush through him, faced with the overwhelming need to get the gun away from Flash.
Peter and Steve had twin looks of amused guilt on their faces.
Steve blanched.
At least Tony’s hatred for small spaces led way to obnoxiously large elevators. It was a small mercy.
Peter paused to look at him for a second and considered his answer.
“No, no. I’m not Peter. We do have him here though, and if you want him back, you’ll do exactly as we ask.”
Flash whimpered in fear, and Peter resisted the urge to bare his teeth. His patience for this whole ordeal was running lower by the second.
The super soldier recoiled slightly in shock.
“I’ll do you both a favor and go ahead and call the police. I just hope you know that no one will ever believe you,” he smirked.
Add in a want-to-be supervillain induced power outage at Avenger’s Tower while stuck in an elevator with the literal Captain America?
“M-my dad is really busy this time of the day. He- He might not pick up.”
The two stood in an uncomfortable silence for what felt like hours but was only likely a handful of seconds before Steve got awkward enough to break it.
The black-haired man grabbed him by the hair and tugged back sharply, sneering down at Peter’s face.
“Al-alright. That’s enough. I expect three million dollars transferred to the account information that I’m going to send you within twenty minutes or else we start putting some holes in these kids,” the black-haired man said, finally finding his voice.
Flash recoiled at his tone, and Peter pretended that he didn’t enjoy the reaction, even if what he said wasn’t entirely true.
The teen offered him a small smile and took his hand.
Once it was in the brunette’s hand, he cleared his throat.
“No fucking way,” Flash breathed.
Despite the situation, they fell into an easy banter. Tony knew he was okay. They had a code word in place for these kinds of situations in case he wasn’t. Now, it was only a matter how they would further proceed.
There were a few tense moments while it rang. Peter started to wonder what would happen if the man didn’t pick up.
Not to mention the fact that his high school bully was also present during the apparent kidnapping. That kind of threw a wrench into things.
“Please don’t! Oh, God please! We’ll do anything! I promise!” Flash begged, violently pulling against the restraints.
The man seemed to accept it and let go, flinging Peter’s head forward.
That had Peter’s attention, and he cocked his head in question.
“Not in front of the children!” Clint yelled over the cheering of the others.
Maybe the trip didn’t turn out exactly as planned, but as far as field trips go, this one had been far from the worst.
“I would,” Steve started slowly, “But I can’t guarantee that we’re not between floors. We also don’t know what kind of threat we’re dealing with, and no offense but I’m not too keen on fighting in total darkness with a civilian teenager behind me.”
It seemed Peter wasn’t the only one that was thinking about it.
The man caved instantly, and Peter resisted the urge to roll his eyes. Some fearless super soldier he was.
Steve clambered out first, the elevator only slightly below the floor, and quickly assessed their surroundings, and Peter resisted the urge to snap at him that it was clear and to help him get the
He took the opportunity to assess his surroundings as best as he could without being able to see.
The unspoken question was clear.
The sound of metal and concrete scrapping against metal from way up the shaft was getting louder and approaching faster by the second.
Flash was starting to hyperventilate next to him, and the two men were looking at the phone in confusion, like the couldn’t believe what they heard.
Tony just scoffed.
Flash lifted his head to look at him with glassy, terrified eyes.
The line clicked, signaling Tony had hung up.
While it wasn’t the heaviest thing he’s held up, not by far, it was the most precarious. The two of them where dangling an unspecified amount of feet in the air in a metal deathtrap in total darkness with no idea what was happening in the building around them.
A defiance rose up in him that he had to quickly squash down. He wouldn’t show his hand yet, not if he didn’t have to.
He reigned in the snark at that sat poised on the tip of his tongue. Maybe May was right. Tony was a bad influence on him.
“Have you not heard the story or something? I thought introductions were covered when you guys all moved back in.”
Tony paused to address their captors,
He knew they couldn’t get into it alone. Tony had programmed it so only authorized users could unlock the screen through facial recognition.
“Fair,” Flash murmured, looking anywhere but at Peter.
“I can prove it! I swear. If I’m lying, you can do whatever you want to me. I won’t even put up a fight.”
Steve stopped when Peter cautiously shifted the weight over his head, turning until his back was facing the open door.
“Oh, gross!” Peter shouted through his laughter.
“Tony’s a smart man. He’ll figure out how to get the power back on and get us out of here in no time,” Steve tried again, oblivious to Peter’s seething.
“Once this is all said and done, I’m having some words with Tony.”
Flash was shaking as they found his father’s number and pressed the button to call.
They rode for what felt like close to forty-five minutes when the van suddenly rolled to a stop.
Between the Avengers that were already at the tower, and the rest that arrived by quinjet forty-five minutes after the distress signal went up, they had managed to capture and detain all nine would-be thieves.
He was finding a hard-enough time keeping his cool before they got cornered and kidnapped, but with Flash simultaneously seething and panicking, the task was near impossible.
“I mean, yes, but I just wanted to hear it from you. I also remember you being a lot more,” Steve paused, struggling for the right word, “Bubbly last time I saw you.”
Considering they both still had their phones in their pockets, and Peter still had the Stark Watch that doubled as a housing unit on his wrist, something told him that their kidnappers were actual idiots. There was the chance that luck was on his side for once.
“About a year,” Peter said flatly.
Peter just shook his head, hoping that the look he was giving him said enough.
Steve must have come to the same realization because out of the corner of his eye, he saw the soldier jolt toward him in an attempt to body block whatever it was that was threatening to crush them.
He could hear the relief from Tony once the genius heard the sound of his voice.
“Peter!” Flash croaked, his voice panicked and horse.
Flash was tight on his heels following him out, casting a wary glance at the two terrified men still stuck to the floor.
“How do you know?”
Steve hummed in answer, looking around the space before speaking again.
The blonde had a mildly reproachful look on his face as he took the teen in. Peter resisted the urge to roll his eyes. He was about three seconds away from damning his identity to Hell and pulling the doors open himself.
“Grab my phone,” Peter said, shifting so they could pull it from his pocket.
to come to Germany to help in what was going to be an all-out fight against combat-trained veterans, assassins, and genetically modified individuals?”
Peter gestured vaguely toward the set of doors before turning to face Steve head on.
“None taken,” Peter lied.
Peter already had his phone out and was in the process of shooting Tony a text to let the man know that they made it out alright and that they would have an extra guest at dinner.
Steve straightened and shot him a sympathetic smile.
Peter could hear Tony’s voice in his head berating him, but he ignored it.
“So, Peter, you intern for Tony?” he ventured like he didn’t already know the answer to that question.
Peter’s ankles were bound to both front legs of the chair, his hands still zip tied behind him, and they wrapped tape around his chest and the back of the chair to secure him.
day ever.
Tony surged forward and pulled Peter into a hug and pressed a kiss to the top of his head.
“You know what? Just for lying, I’ll beat you first,” the brunette growled, suddenly advancing.
Peter winced from the sound of the metal bending under the super soldier’s hands assaulting his already keyed up senses and realized that he would kill for his suit to give him the damper that he needed.
“Oh?” the brunette prompted. “And who exactly would a little extra like you know that would pay more than some fancy high-end lawyer?”
“So, I think this has gone on long enough,” he said, snapping the restraints like they were made of paper.
what you’re focused on?”
The two men, one with cropped brown hair, the other with choppy black hair, ripped the double doors open and proceeded to crawl in and shove paper bags over their heads before roughly dragging them out of the back.
The two men busted out into fits of laughter, and Flash looked like he was going to have an aneurism.
“I have an internship with Tony Stark. We’re close.”
“Okay, we’re going to get you out of this, Peter. Don’t worry. I-“
“I wouldn’t have it any other way,” he said, wiping at his eyes. “Now, come on. There should be someone on their way to get us, and I have a feeling that it’s gonna be Happy. We really don’t want to keep him waiting.”
Peter was honestly impressed with the amount of false bravado. There weren’t many men that threatened Tony or his family and lived to tell.
“It’s a good thing you’re already kinda old then, huh?”
“I can hear you, Mr. Stark,” Peter chirped.
Even in the darkness, he could tell the way Steve shook off his shock and alarm as the Captain America mask fell into place. He could admire the man’s adaptability if nothing else.
Peter folded his arms across his chest and raised an eyebrow.
He really shouldn’t have enjoyed the adrenaline rush as much as he did, and he stretched his shoulders and whooped in triumph.
“You’re the kid that we watched catch a moving train just the other day?” he asked as if he couldn’t believe the words that were coming out of his mouth.
Peter wasn’t sure that his day could get any worse.
Flash hesitantly stood, rubbing at his sore wrists.
“I got it. Send a car to come get us?”
“So, what do you say? Keeping my secret safe and a truce in exchange for dinner with the Avengers?” Peter asked, holding his hand out.
He knew they were approaching a building because the sounds were reaching his ears differently than they were before. The building seemed to be the only structure in the area, and it smelled faintly of must and old factory equipment. It was very likely old and rundown, the perfect spot to hide two teenagers.
Peter watched as the fight physically left Flash’s shoulders, and the dark-haired teen slouched over. He sighed and cursed himself for feeling bad.
Peter could feel him slowly shifting around the space to get a better feel of his surroundings.
Once he deemed he was close enough, Peter leaped backward through the doors and dropped the slab of concrete. His feet landed soundly on the floor as the momentum from weight snapped the steel cables and sent the elevator flying down the shaft.
Peter knew that was something that would be remedied by tomorrow. Not even SHIELD would be able to find the next grid he placed.
“Enlighten me, Flash. How exactly is this my fault?” Peter asked through his teeth.
“It’s just a feeling.”
“I would keep your trap shut if I were you,” one of them said next to his ear.
decathlon practice was cancelled.
Turns out, things being ‘all said and done’ took a few hours.
He could hear them doing the same exact thing to Flash, who was barely controlling his sobs.
Steve apparently thought the same as Peter turned to see the man staring at him with his arms folded across his chest. The red light behind him honestly made him look menacing.
“You little shit,” Tony snorted, pulling the teen back to flick him on the nose before meeting Steve’s eyes over his head. “Thanks for trying to save my kid even though he outdid you.”
Tony talked about him? Peter knew he must have mentioned him a handful of times, but enough for the captain to bring it up?
“Well, well. Looks like daddy is busy. We’ll try again soon, but the longer he waits to pick up, the more damaged the goods become,” the black-haired one leered, reaching into his back pocket to pull out a switchblade.
Peter really couldn’t help himself. His patience was running thinner by the second.
Peter wanted to laugh. Apparently, it took a literal kidnapping to get Flash to say his name.
“So, what I’m understanding is that you both tried to kill yourselves to save the other?” Tony asked, running a hand over his face.
Flash was stumbling next to him. He could hear his unsteady and hesitant steps, unable to direct himself without sight.
“You mean to tell me, that your two-hundred-pound ass couldn’t move his scrawny behind?” Sam asked through his laughter, wiping the tears from his eyes.
“Neither of us died?” the teen tried to argue.
“Hi, I’m Spiderman,” Peter offered lamely with a lopsided grin, rubbing at the back of his neck.
The two were illuminated by a single emergency light on the ceiling, and Peter was pacing the small, dark space like a caged animal, and he knew it. He could practically feel the waves of uneasiness flowing off of the super soldier in the corner. It made him want to bare his teeth and snarl.
His feelings toward the soldier aside, he really wasn’t in the mood to be stuck in an elevator with Steve “Couldn’t Melt Butter” Rogers during a potential villain attack, not when the rest of the Avengers had no idea who Spiderman actually was, especially after the day he’d had already.
Peter prayed that Steve couldn’t see his blush in the low light.
“Tell me that you’re kidding. There’s no way that you’re actually Spiderman.”
Peter just rolled his eyes. There was no point in testing his own. He could sneeze and accidentally snap them open. They had been crammed into the back of a sleezy, beige van, and the captors didn’t have a view of them from the cab. It would take minimal effort to escape.
” Tony practically shrieked.
“How long have you two worked together?”
He could hear the catch in Steve’s breath as the soldier realized what happened and why exactly he wasn’t being crush by at least a ton of concrete.
out of there.
“You could say that,” the vigilante said through his teeth.
A challenge sparked in Tony’s eyes. Peter knew that look. That was the same look the man got every time he was going to do something impulsive and stupid.
Even Clint busted out into a fit of giggles, and Natasha bit her lip to hold in her smile.
The two men stumbled backwards, and Flash choked on a gasp.
The hero turned, and Peter shot him a sheepish half smile when horror slid across the man’s features. The teen knew what he must have looked like, some scrawny high school intern holding an enormous chunk of metal and rock over his head like it was a weightless barbell.
“Attempting to contact Mr. Stark,” Karen responded, making everyone but Peter jolt.
“You- you don’t hate me?”
Tony just flipped them off.
“In my defense, sir, I’m under a little bit of stress right now,” Peter said, finally taking mercy on the captain, deciding to make the effort to reel his attitude back in.
It was a jab. Peter knew that much. He just wished he could tell them exactly how bad they fucked up.
“I hate to break it to you, but yeah. I’m definitely Spiderman. I’ll tell you what though, if you promise not to tell anyone and stop being an asswipe, you can come over for dinner tonight. Pops is the best cook out of all of us. It’s totally worth it.”
Peter could hear their footsteps as they walked around.
A glare from the brunette had Flash snapping his mouth shut so hard that his teeth clacked together.
Their relationship was kept under wraps while he was still in school for obvious reasons. It would raise far too many questions, and Peter would never be able to have any semblance of a normal life.
The two were plunged into darkness and the only sounds that could be heard were the unsteady creaking of the elevator, rubble settling around them, and Steve’s ragged breathing.
“I figured as much. Fire away,” he said, plopping down on the dirt to wait for their ride.
The brunette stalked back over to Flash and dug the teen’s phone out of his back pocket and started looking for what Peter could assume was his contacts.
The brunette regained his composure first.
Peter locked eyes with his kidnappers and smirked. Their faces paled considerably as they realized they went way too far in over their heads.
Flash started shifting nervously and eyeballing the doors to the back of the van.
Flash looked at him with wide eyes, but he couldn’t acknowledge him yet.
Clint snorted and flung himself down onto the couch in the common area.
Peter just nodded.
“Yeah, can we talk about how Cap found out? Because I for one would really like to know,” Tony said with a raised brow, cutting off Bucky’s retort.
“Deal. Don’t expect me to be your best friend though. Spiderman or not, you’re still just Peter Parker.”
“Everything is going to be alright, son,” Steve said in a way that was supposed to be comforting but came across as placating to Peter’s foul mood.
First, he overslept his alarm that morning and was late for chemistry which earned him a zero on the attendance quiz. Ned was out sick, so he was left to deal with the rest of the day alone. After third period, he lost his favorite pencil somewhere between the lockers and the physics classroom. The cafeteria ran out of pizza at lunch,
The men may have been idiots, but they meant business.
“You want to explain?”
“That might be a bit of an understatement. He, uh, well, I heard something falling toward us, and I wasn’t about to let him get crushed so I went to throw myself over him, and-“
They didn’t even know if it was a Tony Stark attack or an Iron Man attack. Neither were ideal, but one tended to be more supercharged than the other.
“You guys must watch a lot of movies,” Peter quipped, almost in disbelief of how ridiculous this whole situation was.
money, or did you suddenly forget that I’m a parentless nobody,” he snarled.
“Alright. We’ll bite.”
He could hear their growing apprehension in the way their heart rate increased. He could see the sweat starting to bead in their hairlines as the line rang for the third time.
Peter turned to smirk at Steve, only to see his blue eyes twinkling with an emotion that he couldn’t place.
They shouted in alarm on their way down.
So, alright. Maybe it wasn’t the
He felt the unmistakable feeling of a cold metal barrel being pressing into the small of his back, and his Spider Sense buzzed sharply in his ear.
They stammered over each other in apologizes, but Peter stood and paid them no mind as he made his way back over to Flash.
Praying that the walls would hold long enough, Peter started moving backwards, one small step at a time, adjusting the weight until it was slanted from where his hands sat and where it lay lodged into the wall.
“Yeah, well. You can blame Flash for this one. I was just in the wrong place at the wrong time for once,” Peter snorted.
“You got it, kid,” Steve said and turned to the doors.
Everyone was silent, including their captors.
“No. I don’t hate you. You’re kind of a jerk, and you say some really mean shit, but that doesn’t mean that I hate you. I deal with people that try to kill me at least twice a month, and to be honest, you kind of pale in comparison.”
No. Peter was convinced he couldn’t have a worse day if he tried.
Peter lightly jogged over and crouched down in front of them, tilting his head with a smile.
Tony snapped, his voice short and clipped.
The two men paused to look at each other and had an entire conversation without words. They seemed to come to an agreement because he was met with a slimy grin.
Peter realized that they would find out when the pre-recording for the voicemail started to play. Neither man said anything. They just ended the call and smirked at the two teens.
“Steve?” He said, sitting cross legged watching the man from his side.
“Yes please” He said with a smile, rising up off the toy and standing up on the bed so he was as tall as Steve, and wrapping his arms around the other man’s shoulders.
Tony had only gotten more desperate, the new order of lube and the implications it brought along with it sending him to his room to desperately hump his pillow, wishing he was fucking the other man instead of his pillow, coming shouting Steve’s name into the air, his breathing heavy as he came down from his high.
“C’mon Tony, you can’t stay here forever. We’re going to get you out in the world so you can see it isn’t so bad. Exposure therapy and all?”
That night he sat in his room, finished all of his work, and daydreamed of the art guy, which he had begun to refer to him in his head as. Of course, he also had a bottle in his hand, because otherwise, the thoughts would catch up to him. Technically he was supposed to be at home right now, as today was the end of their first semester of the year, but he liked to stay in his dorm over the short break. His home was too rough, and he could just as well visit tomorrow. He knew that he probably wouldn’t, but in his mind, he made the resolution to at least call his mother. As he programmed his newest project on his floor, he heard a knock at his door.
“Sounds good!” Bucky nodded, and they parted ways.
“He was like a son to me, you know? But now. Now he’s gone and it's all my fault!” The rush of emotions that he had kept to himself for so long suddenly came rushing out, new tears appearing in his eyes, “I was supposed to keep him safe! I failed, and then I was left alone for so long, I could barely rig the broken ship to send a signal to you guys. It took all of my energy, that’s why I couldn’t speak for so long. I could have died, but instead he did. It’s all my fault. And now I can’t function Steve, I can’t. I’m a mess.” He rambled on, tears streaming down his face now.
Nobody could blame him for falling for any of that when it was all so perfect.
“Yeah, he’s been acting a little weird recently though, do you know what’s up with him? Said he couldn’t come down here today, too busy with an art project, but it was odd.”
“Yeah, for sure” He coughed, his voice rough from lack of use.
“Maybe we should get you home, okay? Get you some water.” Steve said, his instinctual caring nature kicking in watching as his friend hiccupped.
Tony couldn’t even do as much as Steve, staying in his room to be taken care of by Rhodey most often. He couldn’t speak when he first returned, physically couldn’t produce words, his ability to communicate reduced to nods gestures, small and often not enough for them to understand. He was too overridden by anxiety and trauma to be able to function. It was two weeks after he had been brought back when he first spoke again, two weeks since he had recounted the events that had occurred on Titan and then gone silent. It wasn’t much, simply a whisper of thanks to Rhodey after he brought him food as he did everyday. He didn’t eat much, but he really was thankful. Rhodey stared at him for a moment, almost thinking he had imagined it, before smiling softly and quietly speaking “You’re welcome” to him. It became easier after that, he would thank Rhodey each day, and after a bit he even started saying good morning and good night when he came and went.
“Hey Bucky, come on in,” He said, trying to keep the worry out of his voice and mind that this would be a confrontation, and instead hope this meant that things between him and Bucky were all good.
It was a Friday night about two weeks into the semester, and Pepper had been invited to a party thrown by someone who was apparently named Thor. An odd name, but he didn’t judge. This meant that all of them we’re going, naturally. Tony knew he shouldn’t go. He knew being surrounded by alcohol was never a good thing, and that if he fell into his old patterns he didn’t know how he’d get out this time. Pepper was getting tired, she had been so proud recently with his progress. Enough so that she was letting him come to this.
“If I’ve misread the situation, please let me know I just thought-” Steve started, his pose shifting as the authority in his voice faltered, replaced by nervousness and unsurity.
Tony had to ignore the slight jealousy that crept into his heart, as confused as he was at that feeling, as he placed his forehead on the other man’s shoulder.
Steve had prided himself in being strong, emotionally as well as physically, but the culling had brought that wall down, and inside a river of pain had broken through the dam he had built. However, externally, he kept a brave face although his depression habits revealed his broken state. Even with his bold face though, he couldn’t help but smile when he heard a tiny chuckle from Tony when a character in the movie fell on their face. He watched Tony more than he watched the movie, each small smile bringing him back to himself, reuniting the broken Steve Rogers with his old self.
“You need to actually sleep, my dear, and not just rely on caffeine to keep yourself awake,” She said, finishing up her tidying and smiling at him, happy to see his old self returning.
The avengers started having dinner together, and although often it was quiet, only the sound of the radio in the background, it meant a lot to each of them. Rhodey or Steve would cook, and some days, on the good days, Tony would help, and they would sit down to eat together. Natasha sat next to Bruce, her legs often across his lap, Steve sat beside Tony, who came to the table some days wrapped in a blanket, and Rhodey, who sat at the head of the table, a pained smile as he watched the others quietly interact. He was felt like a father to them, to the 100 year old super soldier, his genius mentally ill best friend, a soft assassin and her quiet science boyfriend. They were a broken family, but they were a family.
went back through this story and suggested a new chapter structure so that we now have chapters that are a little more even in size. So you can thank her for the fact that you are getting more than 200 words this week. Because that's all I was going to give you, much to Sap's disgust.
“Got his just deserts then,” Tony agrees with a nod.
“If I’m reading this wrong, please don’t quit,” Tony breathes the words almost like a prayer, leaning further forward in his chair. His lips twitch into a mirthless smirk that fades just as quickly as it appears. “You can punch me, but please don’t quit.”
On a different note, my good friend and usual beta (but not this time - that job fell to the wonderful KittKat)
Steve settles carefully on his right side, facing towards Tony, knowing that his left shoulder will be an agony of protest by the morning if he sleeps on that side. “Enough. It’s probably a better mattress than I have at home.”
When neither Tony or Jim say anything for a moment, Steve hunches his shoulders further forward, tucking himself over his knees and wrapping his arms around his legs,  “It helps.”
Jim stops beside Tony, glancing at the dark shape first, then back at Tony. “Well, at least it still has it’s roof.”
Steve shrugs, “He never confessed to it. And I never heard any of his girls complaining if he did to them.”
This is a direct continuation of the last chapter. Please enjoy.
It takes a moment too long for Steve to realise that Tony is talking to him, having turned to walk backwards so he can look at Steve. Belatedly, Steve nods, trying to offer Tony what he hopes is a reassuring smile. When Tony frowns at him, Steve suspects it didn’t work.
He’d heard Steve some nights, after he thought Tony had gone to sleep. Lips pressed to his hair, talking to Anthony as though he believed that he could hear him.
That time of the week again.
Here we are, my friends, at the end. For now.
It’s an assessment Steve has heard many times in his life, but somehow, when Tony, Jim, or even Jarvis make any comments about his height, weight or bouts of poor health, it feels more caring and friendly than dismissive. The same way Jarvis grumbles at Tony for not looking after his heart. Like he’s somehow proven himself beyond those features, and fits into this ragtag team.
By the middle of February, Steve’s well and truly ready for the parasite to get cut out of him. He feels like he hasn’t slept in weeks, he has to urinate nearly constantly, and the pain in his back is only intensifying. He’s sick of the inside of Tony’s house nearly as much as he was sick of his own apartment. Whenever Tony tries to engage him in conversation he’s short tempered and grouchy in response, which he knows isn’t fair, but he can’t quite keep his misery to himself anymore. The only more positive points are that, despite Steve being a real arsehole to him, Tony stays with him nearly constantly. He doesn’t leave him alone to his misery, he doesn’t cease the back rubs or rambling one sided conversations that always seem to eventually sooth Steve back into some illusion of comfort.
Then he stopped leaving.
Tony’s face lights up with mirth as he surveys the images, eyes sparkling mischievously. “Oh, definitely. I think this deserves a full page feature.”
made a mood board/photo edit for this fic. It can be found
It’s early in the morning, but they’re already situated on the couch in the living room, Steve lying on his side propped up with pillows, legs draped over Tony’s lap. There’s one warm hand curled around his right kneecap and the other tucked up under his sweater to rub at his lower back. Despite the pain, it feels nice. His knees have been aching since Christmas, though that has recently paled in comparison to the pain in his back. The parasite had been wriggling and kicking most of the morning, but had fallen still again about ten minutes prior. It’s long enough that he feels like he could almost fall asleep for a little while when there’s a sharp cramping feeling that radiates from the pain in his lower back out to his stomach. It makes his breath catch slightly, feeling the need to tuck his legs up higher, but it fades again after a few slow, deep breaths.
“How’s the illustrations coming along?” Tony’s voice breaks Steve’s attention away from the sketch.
Some days he catches himself going to talk to Anthony, only to get silence in response. Steve looks at him with a pinched expression of grief, like he’s getting the ache and the silence second hand through Tony, even though he never saw or heard Anthony.
Another week, another chapter! Thanks everyone who has been reading and commenting along this journey. We've really loved all of the comments.
It’s months later, six almost to the day, that it really hits him. Six months of silences and empty spaces, of missing Anthony, when it really, finally sinks in. Despite knowing for months, despite the scans, the doctors appointments, the images that Steve stuck to the fridge with magnets, tucked into the edge of the mirror frame in the bedroom, left lying out on the coffee table.
Also, this week I (Red) will be answering comments, because Sap isn't feeling great. Or rather, because I asked him if I could, and because he's unwell he agreed.
Attempting to smooth his hair back down, Steve stares at the fire, feeling a swirl of emotions wind through him. He’s equal parts nervous about the idea of sharing a bed with Tony, and deeply, almost unsettlingly, relieved that Jim offered to take the chair. “No point fightin’, Buck and I used to share a bed in winter to keep warm.”
Tony’s hand on his back falls still. “Something the matter, darling?”
Despite the small size of the cabin, Steve feels the air temperature drop as he moves away from the fire and towards the bed. There’s a layer of dust on top of the mattress that Steve tries to brush off as carefully as he can, doing a cursory inspection for spiders in the near vicinity before he spreads his own bed roll across the mattress, deciding that a layer beneath will help hold the warmth in.
When Steve started talking to Anthony, started pressing kisses and whispering goodnight against the back of Tony’s head, he realised that it wasn’t just going to be him that Steve was going to lose.
“I think I’ll pass, boss,” Jim replies casually, reaching over to pat the leather chair nearby. “I think I’ll just sleep here. Woken up one too many times with your elbow in my face.”
It's Sap's turn to reply to comments this week, so be sure to say lots of nice things.
“There’s a reason I employed you as a naturalist, James, and not an artist.” Tony grouches, though there is a measure of good humour to his voice as he crosses back over to the bed, handing the sketchbook back to Steve. “He should leave the art to the professional, hey Steve?”
It really hits him when he watches Steve get out of bed one morning, nearly six months later, and pulls on a white shirt like he does every morning. The white fabric stretches over his shoulders, over his biceps, comes just short of meeting his briefs. It’s when he turns ever so slightly and Tony’s eyes fall on the way the white fabric stretches over Steve’s stomach, clings to the gentle curve that’s replaced his once toned abs.
Steve forces himself to watch Tony, searches his face for even the tiniest reactions, his pulse pounding in his ears, nearly deafening him. Tony’s face is carefully blank as he studies the image, though when his eyes flicker up to meet Steve’s there’s a carefully guarded hope there.
Another update from my phone, but hopefully the formatting holds on alright.
With the two of them tucked beneath the blankets, bodies slotted closely together, it doesn’t take long for the bed to warm up. As his body warms up, Steve feels himself relax more and more, until he feels sleep start to tug at him.
“Then we push on.” Tony agrees, watching Steve carefully for any signs of a protest.
Steve mirrors his actions, tucking his boots out of the way and taking his socks off to air out overnight, swapping them for a clean pair from his pack. He quickly takes off his jacket, sweater, shirt and trousers, hastily folding them and setting them on top of his pack, leaving him wearing only his long underwear that he rapidly feels the cold air start to creep through. Flicking back the blankets on top of the bed, Steve crawls onto the mattress, wriggling his way over towards the wall. Once he’s settled on the mattress as far over as he can get, Steve tucks the blankets carefully underneath him on the wall side, hoping to keep out the draughts of cold air.
Don't get me wrong, we both love even sized chapters, but when we wrote this story, I wasn't writing with chapters in mind, so I did scene breaks, rather than chapter breaks, and they varied in size a lot.
The beam of light settles on the pile of split firewood beside the open fireplace, and Steve, muscles aching with the effort of not shivering, really hopes that Tony will let them use it.
(See the end of the chapter for
He doesn’t cope with the empty spaces and the silence. Grief hits him in ways that he never thought it would. Steve stays by him, his own face pinched with an expression that is caught between grief, relief and guilt. Part of Tony wants to hate him for that. Wants to hate Steve for not being able to miss Anthony the way he does. He drinks more than he should, more than he has in months, wipes himself out and cries. Steve picks him up, cleans him up and puts him to bed. That night it’s Steve who tucks himself against Tony’s back, holds him close, instead of how it usually is. When Tony’s dozing, nearly blacked out from the alcohol, he feels Steve kiss the back of his head, whisper apologies. In the dark he feels Steve’s body shake as he cries.
This chapter contains semi-graphic depictions of surgery, and a lot of emotional overload on Steve's part. We do promise that everything will eventually turn out okay.
Steve finishes the last details on the illustration he was doing of the artifact that they picked up, only doing an artist rendition of it, before Jarvis and Tony whisked it off to the lab for further examination.
Another Tuesday another chapter. At least, I am assured it is still Tuesday in some parts of the world.
Jim’s pleading fades as he leaves the room to follow Pepper, and Steve has to press his lips firmly together to stop himself from smiling.
Steve gives Tony a sideways glance, feeling the edge of his mouth pulling up in a smile even as his cheeks heat with embarrassment. “Bucky made me take the wall side after the first time I fell out of bed.”
The building is a small hut made of roughly hewn timber, with shuttered windows and a single door that opens into a dusty one room interior. Jim lets out a low whistle as he flicks on his flashlight to survey the inside of the hut.
Doing this update from my phone, so hopefully the formatting isn’t screwed up. Will have to fix later if it is.
We’ll see you all for part three of this series. Not sure when that’ll happen, haven’t written a whole lot for it yet, but it will happen.
Steve wakes up when the surface he’s lying on jerks suddenly. His heart beats too fast, adrenaline spiking through his body, pushing every last inch of sleep away as surely as if someone had dumbed cold water on him.
He’s not sure if he hates Tony for his persistence and lack of self regard, since he seems content to subject himself to Steve’s grouchiness with little complaint, or if the emotions he feels are at the other end of the spectrum.
Steve brushes his fingers over the edge of the pages of his sketchbook, feeling his heartbeat quicken with nerves as he contemplates his next move. It’s daring, he knows, potentially dangerous if he’s read this all wrong, but with the way Tony’s gaze is still fixed on him, like he’s something important, Steve isn’t so sure he is. Swallowing the ball of nervousness that has settled in his throat, Steve tells himself that he’s never backed down from a challenge in his life, no matter how much the consequences might hurt.
“I won’t,” Steve tells him, feeling his voice tremble in his throat, not entirely sure what it is he’s promising not to do.
It’s months later when it really hits him. Months of silence in his head, months of not seeing Anthony in the room with him. He misses him. Misses him something fierce. The absence of him is deafening. The empty space in his brain aches worse than the infinity gem ever did.
Thanks again for the support. Enjoy the last chapter.
They didn’t say anything then, but Tony suspects that that was the moment that something changed between them. Steve stopped bolting after that; he’d stay the night, make Tony eat breakfast in the morning before he left.
At least it wasn’t snowing.
“Of course he’s gonna be cold,” Jim chips in from where he crouches in front of the fire. He shuffles to the side, letting more heat drift into the room. “Kid’s got no meat on his bones.”
Steve flips the book shut, setting it aside to pack back into his pack later, and tells himself sternly not to dwell on the night before.
Whenever he wanders, no matter what time of the night it is, Tony seems to appear out of nowhere to wander with him, steps shortened to carefully match his own ungainly stride. It bothers him how much more he seems to waddle the later the weeks get. The parasite sits like a hard weight on the top of his pelvis with not enough room for it to shift down any further, making everything from walking to breathing a difficult process, but inactivity drives him mad.
“Well, to be on the safe side, you’d better go first.” Tony offers, sitting down on the edge of the bed to take his boots off.
Steve turns the book so Tony can see the image. Even without looking at it himself, Steve can picture it clearly in his mind. The soft pencil strokes that form the image of him and Tony, snuggled together in the bed from the cabin, the patchwork quilt spread over them. He knows that the image shows his hand, that anyone who looks at it will see the romantic tinge he’s added to it.
Jim sets about lighting a fire in the hearth, while Steve helps Tony sort through the food supplies they have in their packs, setting out an easy meal of tinned meat and beans, and the last of the mostly stale bread. Steve glances at the collection of food they have left, trying to calculate how many days rations they have left. He feels himself frowning when the numbers come up short.
This chapter is where we start to get into things a bit more medical. Now keep in mind that neither Sap or I have ever been in this situation, and while I did spend a great deal of time researching, there is still bound to be inaccuracies and mistakes. Hopefully nothing that distracts from the story too much.
It wasn’t until that night though, months ago, when Steve asked Anthony not to take Tony away from him, and after moments of silence had spoken again, that Tony realised just how much he was asking Steve to lose.
He didn’t let go of Steve, kept hold of him, as he’d broken apart, come to pieces, even as he came, hot and untouched. The way he’d clenched down on Tony, the way he’d cling to Tony’s arms and panted against his mouth had Tony following soon after. New come mixing with that already there, spilling out, sliding down their thighs as Tony grew soft without pulling out. He stayed there, held Steve, kissed him through the aftermath of it.
“I, uh,” He pauses, licks his lips and steels his nerves, flipping back several pages in his sketchbook. “I fixed Jim’s attempt.”
When asked to choose between Steve and Anthony, there was a pause longer than he was comfortable with.
, and Tony had kissed him
Steve straightens his shoulders and sets his jaw, peering back at Tony through the rapidly diminishing light, hoping that he doesn’t look nearly as tired or cold as he is. The last thing he needs is to give Tony any more ammunition to let him go. There had been enough consternation about him being employed in the first place, and Steve had struggled every mission to prove that he wasn’t going to be a burden or slow them down.
It broke his heart too when he’d heard Anthony whisper back.
“Not with the way you draw my nose,” Tony grumbles, making a series of awkward movements to untangle himself from both the blankets and Steve to get out of bed and stalk across the room to snatch the sketch book off at Jim, “My nose is not that big.”
He was a hopeless romantic, even if no one actually believed that about him. He’d made love to Steve then, kissing him slowly, holding him close. With a hand on his chest and a hand curled around his throat holding him still so he could kiss him, Tony could feel the way Steve’s breath hiccuped. Could see the emotions running wrought in Steve’s eyes. How vulnerable he was, how open he was when he was usually closed off.
Tony grins at him and winks as Steve takes the sketchbook, so easy and friendly that Steve tries his hardest not to let his heart hope. Despite his best efforts to ignore it, Steve feels warmth bloom in his chest, like he does every time Tony’s whole focus is on him. He drops his gaze to the terrible sketch Jim drew. He’s sure that some of it is exaggerated, but there is no way to deny that the crudely drawn versions of himself and Tony do look like they’re cuddling in their sleep.
Steve's c-section takes place in this chapter. While not over explicit, there are a lot of references to pain and sensation, as while Steve can't see what is happening, he can feel it.
Tony catches him with one hand gripping his shoulder, steading Steve until he can find his balance. Fleetingly there’s an expression on Tony’s face that is impossible to read, before Tony turns his head to scowl at Jim. “You’d better not have damaged any of Steve’s work.”
“He wasted a page in my sketchbook.” Steve reasons with a shrug, though he holds no real grudge over the waste of paper.
“I can hear his teeth rattling from over here.” Jim Rhodes calls from further behind them on the path. “I think we’d better find some shelter soon.”
“Mostly done,” Steve admits, carefully tugging the sketch of a sleeping Jim and the illustration of the artifact free from his sketchbook and holding them up for Tony to take. “Still got a few more to work on for Pepper to pick through, but I think these two definitely should go in the next issue.”
in a broken voice. Tony hadn’t though. There was something too heavy in the air around them. Something in the pinched corners of Steve’s mouth, the way he wouldn’t quite meet Tony’s gaze when he’d reached, hand fitting against his throat, fingers tucking under his jaw and turning his face so he could press kisses against his lips. He’d pushed back inside Steve, still slick with lube and come from before, still loose and pliant, impossibly warm.
Tony’s pack stops suddenly, and Steve almost bumps into him before he notices. He steadies himself, readjusting his own backpack across his shoulders, and tries to peer past Tony through the darkness. There is a shape in front of them, larger and squarer than any of the trees; the first man made structure that Steve had seen in several days.
“I notice lots about a beautiful guy like you” Tony spoke boldly, turning to Steve to smile at him, his award-winning grin, before turning back to see that they had arrived.
“Tony I promise you it’s not your fault, I promise you. We all messed up, but I’ll be damned if any of that was your fault, any of what happened. We were fighting against the most powerful evil in the universe and we lost but now we have to live with that, okay?” He knew he sounded kind of harsh, but he needed Tony back. He couldn’t lose him again.
“I loved him, you know?” He finally said after what seemed like forever. He sighed, and placed his head into his hands. “Bucky. I loved him.”
“Yeah, maybe. Anyways, so what’s the process here?”
Tony immediately looked up, to see the other man staring off into space, and paused the movie to see what was up.
They all spent the next few days before school started hanging out in the lab all the time, Tony gathering materials and beginning to work on his idea, Bucky and Pepper either reading or discussing books and tv shows, and Steve sitting near Tony, drawing, and sketching and occasionally asking questions about what Tony was doing.
He worked, too, went back to work when he was supposed to and each day he’d see Steve, and they’d smile across the room at each other, and that was that. The moments in each day where a glimmer of hope appeared, and although he told himself it was just friendship, he couldn’t help but hope it meant something more.
It wasn’t until Christmas, a few days later, that Tony properly interacted with someone. One call to wish his family Merry Christmas. That was that, barely a response and no complaint of his absence, no comment on his quiet demeanor and sullen nature as he quietly hoped they would be alright without him. With that done, he went back to his schedule, which was filled with one label. Sit and program and try not to think too much. He didn’t have any other way, he drank his entire stash of energy drinks and was forced back to the instant coffee he had stockpiled after he had run out last time. He didn’t like it very much, but it was all he had. He didn’t dare to face the outside world, even the small feat of walking through the halls to go back and forth from the bathroom, which was decidedly too far away, needed preparation to get through. He was terrified each time he stepped out of the safety of his dorm, where he was hidden. Inconsequential. Unnoticed by the world outside.
“I like you Steviee. Wanna kiss you.” He said, before passing out, and falling over onto the floor.
As Steve moaned, Tony took as much as he could into his mouth and sucked, hard, leaving the other man to almost topple over on top of him, knees buckling as the pleasure rushed through his veins.
“Tash and I are going to go get breakfast, I hope you feel better Tony” With that, he heard the door open and close, and he groaned out loud.
Tony, being himself, of course, had read up on prosthetic technology, the most advanced methods of incorporating man-made tech into the human body, and the general ideas of biotech. He had, naturally, become an almost master of these ideas overnight and although he had been forced by Pepper to sleep at least occasionally, he thought he was doing pretty well. The arm was coming along well, he had ordered a bunch of materials and circuitry online, and was in the process of putting it together. At this point, he was using Steve’s help more than ever because although he was a genius, he had no idea how the human body worked. Steve, however, who had taken intensive anatomy lessons and knew everything about the human body (to be able to draw it, of course) was a great assistance in making the arm work in every way a normal arm would, with the fake muscles that were really just robotic parts and everything. They spent so much time working together they fell into an easy rhythm.
This happened to be when Steve opened his eyes up, looking around through lust blown eyes, and saw Tony and panicked.
“Hun, what’s wrong?” Suddenly Pepper was filled with concern as she finally woke up enough to see that he seemed unreasonably upset.
As the scene ended he was back in his dorm room, sitting in front of his computer. His hands shook, and sweat dripped down his face. There were tears in his eyes as he quietly crawled into his bed, curling up under the covers and closing his eyes as he shook. He didn’t sleep, simply lay there, unable to move, for hours on end. When he finally found himself again, when the lead that filled his soul lightened and he could finally get up, leave his bed, stand and stretch his aching limbs. He looked outside, seeing the sun had risen, and realized that an entire day had passed since he’d been at work. Luckily enough for him, he didn’t work today. So he found his stash of energy drinks, chugged two, and went back to work at his computer, focusing as hard as he could so to avoid the memories that tugged at the edges of his mind.
“Yeah, not too bad but, y’know” He gestured to the bottle, “bad enough.”
“Fuck.” He said, softly, as Clint snapped a photo of the two, a shit-eating grin on his face as he did so.
Then there was Steve. The only one to rival the brokenness of Tony, he was left in a similar state. His best friend, his closest ally for more years than he could count, gone. With him went so many of his friends, he could barely move in the beginning. He sat, alone, in his living quarters. Tears long dried, long gone, he was empty. He missed Bucky, Sam, Wanda, all of them. He ached for them to come back, his lungs tight with each breath, his eyes heavy with each blink, longing to be able to see a world where none of this happened. Where he still had his team. His criminal label had quickly been removed once he returned, which he was thankful for, as he was left in peace and quiet to mourn. So he did, for longer than he should have. For so long, it was all he could do to get out of bed in the morning to sit on the couch, watching endless news channels, each day a new list of those who had turned to dust. He knew he should probably change the channel, but he had to know. He felt the guilt heavy in his heart, as he blamed himself for not being able to succeed. For not fighting hard enough, even as he knew he fought as hard as he possibly could.
Slowly the flinches stopped, as it became everyday that Tony would sit in the room with Steve, and one day he sat closer to Steve. Steve almost burst from the happiness he felt, so unfamiliar with the feeling all he could do was sit with a small smile, so scared to break the trust that had been built between the two as they sat next to each other but so full of hope for more.
After a few minutes of this, he pulled his fingers out, and picked up the already lubed dildo, and starting with the tip, began to push it into himself. He could feel the burn as it stretched him out, loving the feeling of being full as it slid into him, and he couldn’t help the small gasps and moans. As soon as he pushed it into himself fully, he began thrusting it into himself quickly, finding the right angle quickly, from experience, his noises resounding around the room.
From that distance, Steve can only just make out the pencil lines on the paper, making up two caricatures that are only barely more than stick figures. Despite the poor quality, Steve can see that it’s meant to be a drawing of himself and Tony, pressed together in the bed and cocooned in blankets. There’s Tony's signature facial hair and an exaggeratedly large nose, and Steve can see his own dark eyebrows and too large ears.
When the food has warmed to a temperature beyond stone cold, Jim carefully pulls the tins away from the fire and splits the portions into thirds. Steve cradles his meal in both hands, letting the warmth seep through to his fingers. From the first bite, the food goes a long way to chasing the cold out of Steve’s bones. He lets himself savour each bite, chewing carefully and thoroughly, just like his Ma had taught him to do, when food was scarce when he grew up. By the time he’s scraped the last of the gravy from the bottom of the tin with the last corner of bread, Steve feels better. While not warm by any stretch, the chill ache that had settled over him before has dissipated.
The suspicion slips off Tony’s face, morphing into an easy smile. “Good to hear.”
Thanks so much to everyone so far for all their support and great comments.
Tony raises a single eyebrow, part questioning, part amused. “Are you sure he didn’t push you out?”
It wasn’t his fault. And it wasn’t Steve’s fault for wanting Tony to be okay. He knew that all Steve had ever done was lose people. It had been selfish to get into a relationship with Steve, when he knew that he was only going to leave him behind. Heartbroken.
For days in a row he sleeps a solid few hours before waking up, something he hasn’t managed since before the war. Then after another week of mediocrity rolls around, Steve finds he’s back to not sleeping at all. The couch and back rubs stop being the answer, instead he finds himself restless, feeling jittery and drawn too thin. Tony notices, frowns at the dark smudges that appear under his eyes after a week without any sleep at all. He fusses over him, smoothing a hand through his hair, digging his fingers into the tight places in his shoulders and back, insisting that he should rest, actively trying to guide him back to the couch or his bed whenever he finds him wandering. He takes all the small notions of comfort, because he is selfish, finds himself wanting more, but not knowing exactly what equates to more.
By the time they crest the range and drop into the valley beyond, Steve can barely pick out even the trees around them through the darkness. He remembers his father talking about soldiers getting night blindness, not being able to see a thing, and now, away from the city lights he grew up with, Steve can’t help but wonder if he’s suffering from the same affliction. Except he can pick out the shape of Tony’s pack a few feet in front of him, and that’s enough to keep him trudging along, hoping against hope that they aren’t relying on him to find any sort of shelter.
He dreads the thought of having nearly a month more of it to go. It’s a struggle to imagine anything worse than he currently feels, but he has no doubt that it’ll happen.
Around him in the cramped dining room of the airship, Steve can hear Tony and Jim filling Pepper and Jarvis in with the details of the mission. There’s the frantic scratch of Pepper’s pen on paper as she tries to take down as many notes as possible, along with the grumbling from Jarvis over just how reckless Tony was at certain points.
. It was just a slow slide into the realisation that love had been there for a long time.
“Never,” Steve rebutts, feeling every ounce of certainty in the word in the very fibre of his being. “Best damn choice I ever made.”
Once he starts calling Tony by his first name, he knows he’s in trouble. It isn’t something he can reverse either, the few times he tries to call him Stark out loud, Tony gives him a playfully hurt look and even though it’s a mock expression, he can’t bring himself to be the cause of it more than a few times. The first dozen or so times he does call him Tony, he gets beatific smiles in response that make his heart feel a little unsteady in his chest and he knows he’s doomed.
She sets the sketches down on top of the rest of her papers, carefully stacked for her to pick up and take back to her office with her. Jim lets out a squawk of protest when he sees the image, eyes going comically wide.
Anthony isn’t gone.
Just a heads up, there is a fair bit going on emotionally in this chapter, and none of it happy. This is chapter is where Steve gets to say goodbye to perinatal depression and hello to postpartum depression. Fun times.
Confused, Steve looks over at Jim, sees his sketchbook and a pencil clasped in Jim’s hands. A spike of panic lances through his chest and into his stomach, and it’s only Tony’s hand still holding his shoulder that stops Steve from scrambling out and bed and snatching his belongings back from Jim. He forces himself to take a breath to calm down, reminds himself that Jim is one of his friends, and not some back alley bully who is going to wreck his things just for the fun of it.
When he’d woken up in the morning there was only silence. As the day progressed and Anthony didn’t make an appearance Tony felt the loss of him, the silent empty spaces where his son had been. Scans later than day confirmed what he feared. The mass in his head, the tumour, the infinity gem, it was gone.
Images to fill the empty spaces.
Anthony was gone.
Bit of a flashback in this chapter. When this was originally going to be posted as a whole, the structure was to mirror mockingbird, and when we broke it up into chapters, I still thought that this chapter was not the best to start the story with, so the structure stayed.
Steve did have to admit, he had been expecting more jungle expeditions, like in the Marvels magazines, than trekking through the Canadian wilderness.
Steve guesses he’s doing better than some of Tony’s previous travelling companions, given that he has neither died or attempted to kill Tony. It’s a low bar, and Steve thinks he can keep surpassing that expectation.
“I haven’t damaged anything. What I’ve done is craft a masterpiece.” Jim assures them with a grin, turning the sketchbook towards them, barely holding it still as he starts to chuckle again.
Knowing he was inevitably going to leave Steve, just like everyone else had, made him feel more nauseous than the cancer meds used to.
“You are far more devious than I gave you credit for, Rogers.” Tony comments as he drops into the chair in front of Steve, leaning forward on his knees and smiling lazily.
Thanks to everyone who has been here for the ride. The comments and support have been amazing. Sap and I have both really appreciated the love that has been shown to this story, even when it’s been a bit rough. And there were a lot of rough moments in this story. And there will be more in the next, as I’m sure you can imagine.
It broke his heart. Because he knew if he was given the choice between himself and Anthony, he’d chose his son without hesitation. Even if it would break Steve’s heart.
Not enough that he regretted applying for a job with Marvels, and he isn’t about to swap all the adventures he’s had since for the pile of magazines in the corner of his safe, vaguely warmer bedroom. Magazines that were filled with the same adventures that he’s been having daily for the past six months.
It had been easier to pretend there weren’t feelings there when he’d been stuck inside his own apartment, shut off from most contact and only seeing Tony for part of the day.
General warnings for Steve being unhappy and uncomfortable.
That’s when it hits him.
Tony’s hand shifts from the side of his face to cup the back of Steve’s neck, drawing him closer. Steve feels like he’s flying, and it’s glorious.
Here we go, another chapter, on the downhill run now, only two more to go after this. Which means, that for all the Christmas celebrating people, you will get the last chapter as a Christmas present.
There's quite a cliffhanger at the end of this chapter. If it has you worried at all, please feel free to contact either of us via tumblr.
Second to last chapter everyone! Whoo, we're getting there. Now we know that this has been a pretty hard hitting story emotionally, which is exactly how we designed it. And for those of you who are wondering how we're going to get to a happy ending with only two chapters to go, well, happy might be a bit of a stretch.
Another chapter! Because apparently it is Tuesday already. You're lucky Sap reminded me, things have been so busy I have lost all track of what day it even is.
Steve edges closer to the fire, trying to soak up as much of its meagre warmth as he can, eyes following Tony as makes a circuit around the small cabin, watching the dust motes that fly up around Tony as he walks.
As you may have guessed, next chapter is going to involve a c-section. If anyone has any questions/would like more warning about what that chapter will involve, please feel free to contact either Sap or I on tumblr (will add links later when I’ve got access to my laptop again.) and we will attempt to answer those queries in the least spoiler-ish way possible.
Further warning in end notes if you wish to read those before deciding to read the chapter.
In his defense, he hadn’t expected Steve to love him. They’d just fallen into bed together in the wake of Natasha dying and Jan going back to Hank. It had been a simple case of not wanting to be alone. A physical antidote for loneliness. Until one night, instead of doing his usual post-orgasm disappearing act, Steve had set his jaw, settled against the pillow and glared at Tony, challenging him to make him leave. He hadn’t. Of course he hadn’t. He’d smiled at Steve, kissed his shoulders, collar bones, neck, that stubborn jaw. Kissed his ears until he’d felt them grow hot.
The mission ends and the three of them are battered and bruised, but all together whole when Jarvis picks them up in the airship. There are aches in muscles that Steve didn’t even know he had, and a large bruise on his right thigh that makes him wince with every step. Overall though, they got out alright, and Steve knows that ultimately that is the best result they could hope for.
There is going to be another story after this. When, I'm not sure. So far there's 500-ish words and a whole lot of me hitting my head against the desk and grizzling to Sap that I just can't get Steve to be happy. But it will happen. Some day. Even if you can't trust me (notorious flake) to write it, you can trust Sap to make me write it.
“Doesn’t seem much point,” Steve confesses around a yawn, feeling his jaw crack as it stretches too wide, “Hardly home these days anyway. You and your adventures keep me too busy.”
They’re just waiting to meet him again.
There’s a rustle of paper as Jim unfolds the map again. “There’s some sort of structure marked that should be on the other side of this range. Possibly a hunters camp.”
