Steve felt the weight of the saw in his hand, saw the shine of Bucky’s blood on the blade, “Ross didn’t cut off my best friend’s arm and kidnap my fella.”
Everyone's eyes were on him, a mix of betrayal and fear and sadness and it all felt like failure. Steve had failed them. He had failed them by lying to protect them and he had failed them by not offering anything better.
Tony startled; the light they had stopped for had changed back to green. He put the car into gear and headed off, “You didn’t have to come, you know?” He said softly to Bucky, keeping his eyes fixed on the road.
Bruce laughed, “Sort of. Honorary member, maybe? I’m a doctor.”
He gave him a watery smile, placing a sweet kiss to Tony’s mouth. It was tender, almost too tender and he pulled back quickly, “I love you too.” He said in return, the words blooming in his chest like a fountain.
Steve had the weapon out of his hand and in his own palm before the kid could never register what was happening. With an arm braced across his chest and his own gun pressed against his neck, Steve could feel him shudder in fear. He was at least a head taller than him, lowering his face down so he could speak directly into his opponent’s ear, “You don’t take your eyes off your target until you’re sure he stops breathing.” Steve told him gently before pulling the trigger.
Steve could feel the dried blood clinging to his face, making his beard itch and a rusted copper tang assault his nose whenever he breathed too deeply.
As it turned out everyone else was pretty much thinking along the same lines as Steve and Tony were. When they suggested their plan to everyone only a few hours later their family didn’t look surprised. Natasha even pulled out a shoe box full of fake passports and IDs for them all except Tony that she had stockpiled away for months. Sam and Bruce wanted to stay, as Steve thought they might, but everyone else seemed to think leaving Brooklyn was the best option for their continued survival. Natasha assured Steve that Bucky was also on board, apparently, they had talked about it months ago when the idea of a turf war started.
Bucky sighed, eyes drifting to Tony for the first time in their conversation, “I know. I saw it the moment you walked back into the house and started trying to help us get him out of that cell. That’s when I knew Natasha was right, I was wrong about you.”
It was a biting cold day, so he had several layers on to protect him against the chill yet the short walk from his car to the front door was enough to have him shaking. He always hated the cold. He knocked on the door quickly, eyes scanning up and down the street curiously. It was weird to think The Captain lived here, on a normal street in a well-off area of Brooklyn. It was just a normal brownstone, in a street full of them and yet Tony knew this brownstone was anything but normal.
“Yeah, I can dig one out of my closet.” Tony replied.
“No, and as long as we aren’t in contact, he won’t.” Fury replied, “I can cover my own ass. Yours, however, is in the fire.”
“The cops want an arrest for these murders. They need someone to answer for it. Fury knows it’s Hydra, he wants it to be Hydra, so I’ve been helping him shift the focus off us and onto them. To protect us. I thought it would be enough.”
Tony shook his head, “You didn’t.”
“Just be careful, alright.” Steve pleaded.
“Undress me.” Tony breathed in the space between them and Steve could see the appeal of losing their clothes under these circumstances.
“This isn’t closure.” Rhodey reminded him.
And they were.
“Deal.” Howard smiled blissful, “Welcome home, son.”
“Give me until tomorrow evening, okay?” Fury pleaded, “I’ll come to get the immunity deals and if I still haven’t found anything then I won’t stand in your way.”
“I don’t.” Steve gritted his teeth, “But he’s with me and I’m not leaving him in the hands of Hydra to save my own ass.”
Steve had heard enough, “Someone want to tell me what the hell is going on here?”
Steve started looking into it the next morning. He had showered and fell into a restless sleep for a few hours before giving up and moving back to his office to do some research. He had paid a cop off, he had a few on his payroll for occasions like this and requested a copy of the case file which he had spent hours pouring over.
Tony cut his off firmly, fusing his lips with Steve’s. He had been turned on since that moment, a thrill at seeing Steve be so possessive over him. There was something in that, the need for Steve to let the world know that Tony was his. Tony found his cock stirring in his pants again at the thought.
The Mechanic smirked, “Well, I am a genius. Don’t look so surprised.” He bent down to pick up Steve’s knife, twirling it around his fingers as he walked over to Steve. Tony offered it to him handle up with a soft smile and those deep brown eyes that Steve knew would be on his mind of days.
“Sitwell isn’t smart enough to cook this up.” Clint mused.
His mouth moved of its own accord, dragging his lips down Tony’s throat until he could pull a nipple into his mouth, flicking his tongue out against the bud.
“Because I don’t believe you kill for sport.” He said it with such certainty that Steve wanted to laugh.
“We still need a way to find out what cell he’s in and how heavily guarded he is.” Thor cut in.
“Wrong question.” Steve told him.
Rhodey frowned, “No way, this is illegal.”
“They took Tony. I’m going to burn their goddamn empire to the ground.”
He turned then, hips against the railing to face Steve, “I’m here for your help.”
He pushed the thought aside quickly.
“But you didn’t do this and as much as I don’t like you or your gang, I want to find the bastard that did this.” Fury replied, “For that I need your help.”
“I killed him.” Tony breathed out, the sobs coming back, “I killed him. I had too, he was going to come for us. All of us. I couldn’t… You protect your family. You have to protect your family.”
“Police picked him up for murder.” Steve sighed, “I’m going to fix this. I’m going to get him out, trust me?”
Steve sighed, placing a hand on Tony’s leg and squeezing, “Thank you. For everything you’re doing for him.
Steve was late.
Ross laughed, “You? You’re not a mob boss, Mr Stark. You’re barely a gang member. I bet you’ve never even fired a gun before? Or used a knife?”
“I’m not sure it makes much of a difference.”
Steve bit his lip to stop the groan as he allowed his hands to run across the smooth skin on display for him, “That’s not exactly the phrase I would use.”
The pain in his temples flared when Tony blinked, trying to make out the room before him from the fuzz of his mind. He probably had a concussion. He’d been hit by Howard one too many times to know the signs of it well.
If Tony wanted to say something, he couldn’t seem to form the words. His pleasure making his pupils blown and his skin shine with sweat. He was moving back against Steve’s hand, fucking himself onto his fingers when Steve was going too slow.
“Fine. Our first case will officially be looking into the gang that killed Thor’s brother,” Steve replied, moving towards Tony to investigate the way more skin was revealed between the end of his seemingly too short t-shirt and the line of his joggers whenever Tony shifted, “I promised Thor I’d find answers and now we might be able to give him closure as well.”
Tony heaved himself out of bed with more effort than it normally took, still cocooned in his covers as he made his way to the bathroom with them around his shoulders like a cape. He stumbled bleary eyed against the harsh lighting as he took a look in the mirror.
“Hawkeye?”
Tony pulled him back down so they’re bodies fit together again, capturing Steve’s mouth in a kiss as he hitched his legs up against Steve’s ribs and opened himself up wider to take Steve in deeper.
Natasha’s eyes were brilliant with defiance, a strong hold and firm shoulders. Thor was struggling and raging and shouting. Tony had his face pressed up against the window inside his car, eyes on Steve.
Tony saw Rhodey’s eyes soften for a moment, “You’re an idiot.”
Tony stopped short, hands on Steve’s knees, “Howard was there?”
“You can’t sell guns if you can’t pull a trigger on one.” Natasha shrugged, “I’ve always preferred knives.”
Tony didn’t reply, staring at the weapon in his hands with wide eyes and a grim expression.
“Or before he comes after my family.” Steve spat out.
But he could help himself from typing The Captain into google and seeing what came up. He wasn’t expecting his life story or anything but Tony needed to know more. He always had a thirst for knowledge so it really wasn’t his fault.
"The Captain, just a man with a gun." One of the men sneered, "A man with a gun who can bleed."
Steve nodded, “Bucky, you and Nat get back to the house. Let everyone know we’re okay. Thor, can you give us a lift? Tony lives downtown.”
“I said what I said.” Tony replied, “You heard me. So, if you care about me at all, you’ll get out of this and help us get Rumlow off the streets before he hurts anyone else.”
Tony’s eyes were on Steve, who hadn’t shown any sign of recognition since he came into the living room, “They don’t know anything for sure. We can give them another false trail, tell them The Captain is someone else.”
Forgive me, he pleaded silently, punch me. Be disgusted, be angry, be repulsed but please don’t be this.
The cops came to a halt in their small clearing, piling out of cars and taking up aim at all four of them. Steve pushed himself in front of Tony slightly to block them from him. Ross came from the centre of the force, wearing a bulletproof vest and a victorious smile.
He needed to forget.
When they pulled apart they were both panting and Tony was throwing his crop top over his head with a flick of his hands, miles of tanned warm skin within Steve’s reach. His mouth was practically watering at the thought.
Clint nodded, “Write me a list and I’ll break into the hospital.”
“Of course, he does.” Tony smiled and took another sip.
He was on his way to shower when he found Natasha, or rather he heard her. Her voice was unmistakable in the house at any time being the only feminine voice around, but it was even clearer when she was shouting. And she was shouting.
But that was done now, and Tony really needed to stop thinking about it otherwise he was going to waste another day wrapped in his covers and avoiding his life. He could do this; Steve hadn’t broken him. He hadn’t touched a drink and he sought out Rhodey instead of dealing with this alone. He was making smart choices again. He was going to be fine.
Steve squeezed his fingers, “You don’t need to explain it to me, okay?”
He had barely sat down when Natasha launched at him, arms hugging him tightly as he breathed in a mouthful of her hair, “You know, anyone would think you missed me.” He teased, giving her a squeeze in return.
Tony was unable to look away, his whisky brown eyes on fire with lust and Steve felt his cock twitch in his jeans at the sight of Tony biting his bottom lip as Steve’s hands pushed his t-shirt up slowly, fingers grazing warm skin.
“He thinks he should have considered that one day Steve might want something outside of being the mob boss he is.” Natasha said, taking a sip of her own mug, “He’s worried Steve won’t have his head in the game if he’s too worried about how this job might affect you.”
“Jesus, Thor!” Steve bit out, “Knock, would you? I’m naked under here.” He held the sheet closer to his chest as he said it.
There was a peace to it.
“So, hurry up and fuck me, Captain.” Tony replied with a sly smile.
The door opened with a creak that made Tony jump and Ross strode in through the doorway, shoulders hunched. He looked even more imposing in the small space and Tony almost wanted to press himself up against the wall to put more distance between them.
Peter seemed to be struggling, unsure how to put the news reports of The Captain together with the polite man in front of him, “Good to meet you, sir.”
Tony nodded, “We neutralised the bombs. They’re nothing more than scrap metal now.”
Natasha held a hand up to stop him and Tony almost walked into her.
“It’s our choice, not yours. Stop thinking you’re the only one who cares in this family. We want to protect you just as much as you want to protect us. We’re in this together. Monsters or heroes, I’m with you, okay?”
“Because god forbid The Captain wants something for himself.” Tony replied gently, hand slipping back into Steve’s hair.
“Yeah, I needed something that was mine. Something Howard couldn’t touch and that I was proud of. It’s hard being the disappointing son of a billionaire.” Tony replied, “That’s without the added kidnappings and ransom demands.”
Tony was in the clear, home and dry, only Steve and the team knew about what really happened to Ross and they always protected their own. Tony had done it to protect them after all. There wasn’t a discussion to be had other than to assure Tony he was safe and he was family.
“No one gets to see me like this.” Steve said.
Tony didn’t want to know what that meant but he figured it involved pain, “I’m not helping you.”
“Yeah,” Steve stammered, “Okay, let’s go home.”
Steve urged Tony back down, bending slight over the desk so Steve could curve along his back again, slipping deeper inside Tony to hit his prostate. Tony moaned, although it sounded a little more like a sob, stroking himself a little faster as Steve’s own body tingled with the threat of his orgasm.
Tony reached up with his hand, tangling his fingers with Steve’s as he stretched it out underneath Tony’s head. Then Steve pushed into him hard, slamming in until he was buried to the hilt and Tony was panting. He had to bury his head into Tony’s shoulder just to keep himself together. He had damn near told Tony he loved him in that moment and that thought scared him more than he wanted to admit. That was a feeling he hadn’t come to terms with himself, let alone letting Tony about it.
It would be a cold night in Brooklyn.
Tony shrugged a little from his spot on the counter, a smile on his face, “I didn’t have a nightmare last night. Slept the whole way through.”
Their words tumbled together and either bothered to answer because then they were moving again. Colliding into each other as Steve cupped his cheek and drew him in. Tony fused their lips together, kissing him soundly.
“You were hit. In the med tent. I paid a couple of guys to drag you out whilst you were high on morphine. You barely put up a fight. The great Captain. Weak and pathetic. I almost felt sorry for you.” Rumlow replied.
“You got a family?” Steve asked trying to gain control of himself.
Steve was slammed against the ground again, feeling something wet and sticky under him. He glanced to the side to see blood, drying and congealing onto the concrete beneath him. Bucky’s blood. Steve could feel himself sliding against it and wanted to heave.
Steve frowned, “We’re a little jumpy tonight. Why are you here?”
He tapped on the door and Tony watched it open from the other side. Rumlow was out of the door in seconds, it shut with a metallic clink after his departure.
Tony recoiled slightly from the blast, his muscles pulling from the strain of the force of using the arc reactor. He'd be sore tomorrow, but he'd see tomorrow and that thought kept him moving.
He shook his head to rid himself of the thought, making his way back to the bedroom to place his note down on the bedside table so Tony would see it when he woke up. Once that was done, Steve knew he needed to leave. There was no reason to stay and he had promised Bucky he was on his way home. He lingered on Tony once more, trying to commit the scene to memory so he could draw it later and then he made his way out of the apartment, shutting the door softly behind him to allow Tony to get some more sleep.
He twisted the guy up, hands on either side of his head and pulled sharply. The snap was sickening, and the change was immediate. Steve let the body fall to the floor before calmly stepping over it.
“Mr Stark?” Peter called out, not taking his eyes off Steve.
“A visionary.” Tony corrected softly, although his smile spoke volumes.
“Okay, who do I need to arrest?” Rhodey asked gruffly, he sounded like he needed a good night’s sleep. The question was meant to make Tony laugh, but the realness of the situation had him sniffling again.
Bucky lifted his head, “I’m sorry Steve, I think you’ve lost your goddamn mind. With everything we are up against right now, I can’t give you the answer you want to hear, Punk. I vote no.”
Tony growled against his throat, “Why not?”
“I don’t want you.” Steve got out with a shaky breath and he knew immediately the moment Tony registered those words. His eyes grew wide and his lower jaw trembled, “I don’t feel anything for you. I’m sorry.”
Bucky was silent for another few minutes, fingers tapping on the car door before he spoke again, “I don’t hate you.” He said so softly that Tony almost did a double take.
Tony stepped closer to him again, “Equals. Partners.”
He nodded as she walked back to the kitchen to round up "her boys" and Steve was shrugging into his own jacket before he could talk himself out of it.
And now Rumlow was gone.
Tony ducked his head, “I researched you. I couldn’t help it okay, you kissed me. I needed to make sure you weren’t some crazy psycho.”
Steve nodded, “I still need a name.”
The Captain took the attic, partly because he liked his privacy and partly because the view of the sunset from the attic was stunning and Steve always itched to draw it. His bedroom, office and a private bathroom where all on that floor and while he often found Clint making use of his office in the dead of night as a vantage point or Bucky using his bathroom when Natasha had claimed the one of their floor for a bubble bath, for the most part the attic was his space to breathe. A place where The Captain could slump his shoulders and not have to worry about what eyes saw him and mistook his actions for weakness.
Fury let out a breath and scrubbed his hand over his face, “Shit.” He muttered, “Stay with him, don’t let anyone else in. Lock the door until I come back.”
Steve groaned underneath him, bucking his hips up against Tony’s as he panted at Tony’s administrations, “Tony.”
Tony kissed him again, harder this time. His hands were threading into Steve’s hair, pulling him down as his legs squeezed Steve closer. This kiss was far more suggestive than Steve’s had been, Tony’s tongue slipping into his mouth slowly.
He wasn’t asking them to view Tony as a gang member, he wasn’t going to make a declaration of what Tony could offer them like he normally would. This one was decidedly more selfish. Steve was asking his team to encompass Tony into their family because Steve wanted him there. Because he was important to Steve.
Steve shook his head, already reaching for the gun at his hip, "No, you guys can't be seen anywhere near this. You heard Fury; immunity only stands if you stay clean."
“It’s about us.”
Tony nodded, that made sense. That was what Steve had wanted them to do. It was weird to watch them without a leader. Without a direction. They were still formidable but there was something missing. A sort of glue that held them firmly together. They were all just drifting in the same stream right now, it was almost heart breaking to watch as a family fell apart over losing one of their own and desperately tried to hold it together. Tony was a part of this family now, he realised. Not just because Steve had brought him in, and they had made a vote. Not because Natasha had come for him earlier. But because he too was feeling that same sense of drifting without Steve that the rest of them were. There were all united in that at least, and that for now would be enough.
“Not a chance.” Steve growled, “We own everything up to 83
“Tony…” His voice was soft but the worry bled through it.
Steve swore under his breath, “That’s his play? That’s how he’s going to secure Brooklyn under his reign? Back street dealing?”
“And this one?”
He dodged the first man, moving to the side at the last moment and aiming his gun at his temple as the guy regained his footing against the wall. Steve pulled the trigger, blood and brains splattering the wall behind him. Thor might have even been proud of the mess he made.
Tony looked good like this, tanned skin against white sheets. That crazy hair of his was even crazier in the morning light that filtered through the bedroom and Steve had to fight the urge to run a hand through it and push it away from his forehead. That wasn’t something a mob boss should think about.
Natasha was on her feet, heading over to him with a bounce in her step, “You look like you could use a coffee.”
Fury nodded, sparing a glance at Steve, “That’s what we think.”
“I can get us a schematic of the building from T’Challa. The station is newly built as part of his campaign on putting the police force at the heart of Brooklyn. He’ll have the plans on file.” Natasha added in, “It will help narrow down our target area.”
Steve sighed, shoving the papers back onto his desk. This wasn’t his decision to make. This was something they had to deal with as a family. Steve knew he needed to talk to them, call a family meeting and explain. He would hold off until he had a clear picture though. He needed to figure out how this thing with Hydra would play out and in order to do that he needed to find out who ran the show now.
Thor cut him off, “Ross is more likely to arrest T’Challa for disruption of justice than believe him. He’ll start digging, he’ll assume the real Captain is running scared and he’ll know that means he’s close. We’re building up a glass house and asking it not to crack under all our weight. It’s a mistake.”
He leaned down to kiss Tony, a soft one compared to their others but Tony relaxed and then wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist and dug his heels into Steve’s ass to get him to move.
“Steve.” Tony tried again, hands grabbing his face to force Steve to stop and breathe.
Tony knew he wouldn’t be making it into the garage today, Peter would cover. He’d slip him an extra bonus in his wages this week but right now he couldn’t find the strength to do much more than breathe and try to stop himself from falling apart.
When he made it up to his study a brown envelope, A4 in size, caught his attention. It was neatly placed on top of the rest of Steve’s files, but he hadn’t placed it there. It definitely wasn’t there when he had left to meet Fury yesterday. Intrigued, Steve walked over to the envelope, picking it up. It was heavier than he thought, a good chunk of paper. He tore into it with a frown.
“Make love to me, Steve.” Tony said softly between them, the statement both arousing and vulnerable at the same time.
Tony nodded and then he shoved him. He reached out both hands, pushing firmly on Steve’s chest until he felt him stumble back slightly with the force, “You’re a goddamn asshole.” Tony hissed out, stepping away from him.
Tony hadn’t spoken since they left the room and Steve was worried he was slipping back into his shocked state. He moved with Steve, letting him guide him through the doorway towards the shower unit at the back of the locker room. He was still shaking, subdued shudders that rolled across his body and had Steve gripping onto him tighter like he only could squeeze all of Tony’s fractured pieces back together.
Tony approached the bed then, slowly climbing onto it by Steve’s feet, allowing the mob boss to shuffle backwards until his head hit the pillow and Tony joined him. He threw a leg over Steve’s hips, climbing into his lap. Steve was half-hard underneath him, a smirk on his face as Tony settled himself over him.
Tony didn’t respond to that and Steve wanted to ask him what he was thinking. He needed to know what Tony was thinking because that was as close to an omission of feelings he had gotten, and he could feel the blood pumping in his ears. A room of Hydra men he could deal with, silence from Tony Stark? Steve wasn’t sure how to deal with that.
Tony’s whole place had the same red brick exposed along the wall, giving the place a homely yet rustic feel that seemed to suit Tony perfectly. Steve wondered why he never had it covered yet but decided that he probably would have left it like this as well. The place was a little rough around the edges but not without its charm. Perhaps that’s why Tony liked it so much.
Tony understood the meaning behind her eyes as they bore into his. She was offering him a chance, an olive branch. She was seeing if he was with them. Tony found himself replying before he could even think his answer though, “Okay. Let’s get our self-sacrificing idiot back.”
Steve huffed, pressing his knees against the sides of the tub as Tony made him way over. He stepped into the water without an invitation, settling himself between Steve’s legs with his back resting against his chest.
Steve sighed to himself, reading over the letter again. T’Challa was right about Hammer, he was ruthless when it came to business and he wasn’t above hefty payouts to swing the vote in his favour. He was also scared shitless of Steve.
Tony scoffed. The Jericho was a weapon of mass destruction that Howard had spent the better part of a decade working on. He was obsessed with it, needing it to be the deadliest weapon on the market. Tony had solved the issue once when he was 17, he hadn’t even been trying. He’d just designed a new trigger system on the edge of a letter because he was bored. When Howard had found it, Tony knew he planned to use it to make the Jericho a functioning missile and in doing so would end up selling it to arms dealers on the black market. Tony had thrown the paper into the fire, letting it burn and was rewarded with a beating for his troubles. A beating he still carried the scars from.
“Yeah, it’s all over the news, they think its gang activity, right? You’re working on that?” Tony asked.
“A boxers man.” He hummed, “Buzzfeed lied to me.”
Tony sighed, “The kid has a cat. I don’t have a cat.”
Those brown eyes stared at him coyly, “Is that a bad thing?”
Steve tossed the gun aside, it served no use for him now then as a weight in his hand.
“How do you know Sam?” Tony asked him with a frown.
“Go on,” Steve told him, “Take what you need.”
Tony was watching him as well, neither one seemingly wanting to tear their eyes away from each other as the tension around them crackled. Tony pulled a small white card from his pocket and held it up to Steve, “My number, in case you need me to look at that bike again.”
As Natasha drove off and Steve buckled his seatbelt, he couldn’t help but worry for Tony, facing his father after everything Steve knew he had been through at his hands. He shouldn’t have done it; he shouldn’t have needed to.
There were murmurs from his team, a whispered call to war that had the atmosphere in the room buzzing.
His mouth was on Tony’s again, licking the whisky off his lips as he opened his mouth to Steve’s touch. He was warm and pliant, his tongue running along Steve’s bottom lip for access. Tony had a hand on his knee for balance, the corner of the bar providing them with a little privacy as Steve explored the roof of Tony’s mouth with his tongue and Tony turned the tables, sucking on Steve’s tongue with such boldness that Steve felt his pants grow tighter at the move.
The headline was bad enough:
Steve looked at him, so grateful and overwhelmed in that moment that Tony would even think of it.
Steve seemed shocked by the move but didn’t pull away, “Okay.” He replied softly, eyes still on the flames.
Steve knew that should be where his focus was. That’s where everyone else’s focus was. Even now as they watched a film together and laughed and joked and drank. Nat was probably calculating their next steps. Bucky was thinking about targets and points of attack. Steve knew this because that’s what he should have been doing.
Clint opened his mouth to say something, Steve wasn’t sure if it was meant to be teasing or part of a battle strategy. Either way, the sound of three sharp knocks on the front door cut him off in his tracks.
Whatever it takes, he vowed to himself, whatever it takes.
“I guess all those years of friendship with a cop finally paid off.” Tony smiled, leading Rhodey further into the garage.
There were barely any signs of life down here at all, it was cold and silent, but Steve didn’t stop to think about it, he was almost home.
Steve smirked, raising his hands up in surrender, "Easy Rambo, don't shot your rescue party."
They made it to the locker room without being seen, luckily the back stairs didn’t seem to be used for much more than a service stairwell and due to the late hour most of the regular beat cops had clocked off shift. It was a small station, they couldn’t afford that many night covers on their budget. Steve only knew that because it was something T’Challa had been trying to improve since he first got into office, he was thankful now all of T’Challa’s efforts proved unsuccessful.
Tony shook his head, "I'm not here because of you. I'm here because of Howard."
"Thor, you’re not listening..."
Tony placed a hand on his chest, stopping Steve in his tracks, “Stay with me?” He asked, voice so soft and vulnerable. Steve hated it, he hated seeing Tony reduced to this by Ross of all people. Had he won? Was this his final victory?
Tony bit his lip at the feeling, already rutting against Steve in search of his pleasure, “Oh yes.” He groaned out, eyes closing at the sensation.
Tony nodded, “We’ll have to split up for a bit, Ross will be tracking us so the more people for him to track in different directions the better. Eventually he’ll run out of resources, time and money and the case will be closed by force. Until then, groups of two or three.”
Steve leaned down to suck at his nipple, matching the way Tony was sucking on his fingers as he pushed in again, fingers curling and rubbing against his prostrate.
Tony’s eyes were pleading, he needed this. He needed Rhodey but he wasn’t good at telling people he needed them so he did this. He hid it behind sarcasm and wit and hoped they didn’t notice. Rhodey knew him better than that.
“You are going to look up the nutritional value of different types of food and find which ones have the highest nutritional value per 100 grams and you’re going to try and fit more of them into your diet unless you don’t like them. The super serum takes a lot of energy and you need to give it lots of fuel.”
Her first impression of him was wrong. Everything she’d learned about him while undercover was wrong. He wasn’t really like that, as she now knew. They’d been living together for a while now. He and Pepper had broken up after Loki, so he’d been single for two years now and hadn’t started sleeping around. He was drinking responsibly. He took The Avengers seriously.
Somehow, they had gone from being great friends, almost a family, to Tony being surrounded by spite and hatred. Well, he’d had enough. He wouldn’t let his little family be torn apart by something that wasn’t even his fault. Thankfully he had a plan.
“Ah, come here and I’ll show you.” Tony moved over to the couch and settled down. Steve followed, never taking his eyes off the screen, his movements becoming looser with each passing second. “I’ve been studying different forms of therapy and how they can aid in people recovering from PTSD, which you might know better as shell shock.”
He sat fully in the ground panting heavily for a few minutes before sliding the cold sticky condom off and fisting his cock again. He got off three more times, once in the shower, before he felt like he could get back to work.
Tony and Pepper would then spend their evening doing whatever they wanted, usually watching TV while Tony tinkered on a tablet. If Pepper had had a hard day at the office then Stevie would spend hours slowly eating her out and relaxing her as Tony let her cum over and over again until Stevie had to carry her to bed and give her a sponge bath.
“Yes Stevie, I would never lie to you. I speak only the truth. You will believe every word I say.”
Steve lay there for a moment catching his breath before moaning again and grabbing at this cock around the lace, sliding the now soaked lace all over himself and worked himself up to another orgasm, not even noticing his other hand had gathered up some of his come and made its way between his legs until it pushed into his pussy and he cried out, bucking down into his hand as he began fucking his prostate and then bucking up into his other hand as it rubbed wet lace over his sensitive cock. Tony watched, coming once himself as Steve worked himself through one orgasm after another until his panties were dripping, his come leaking out the edges as well as through the fabric.
She was also caught on camera several times after a ‘training exercise’ rolling her eyes and saying ‘yes, hail Hydra, all that’.
“How do you feel?”
It had been three weeks since the battle with Ultron.
Steve grinned beautifully and thanked him. They made idle chitchat for another hour before Tony had to get back to work and Steve went off to make a late afternoon snack as he’d missed his mid-afternoon snack.
Steve laughed wetly, “Yeah, I know that now. Anyway… I was looking up some stuff online about it. About people not being exactly what you’d expect for their gender and… I realised that I’m Bigender. I’m both a man and a woman at the same time. I prefer He/Him pronouns. I prefer the name Stevie rather than Steve. I have breasts, a cock and a pussy. I want to shave my arms and legs, wear make-up and jewellery and I want to grow my hair out.” He slowly got more confident as he finished listing these facts about himself.
.oOo.
“How you feeling, Stevie? Better?”
Not Tony’s fault a hacker from Italy had sent the UN all of Wanda’s files, including files proving that she and her brother had volunteered for Hydra when they were 18, that Novi Grad was basically a Hydra city, as all the residents knew who they were but ignored them as Hydra protected them from Sokovia’s civil war, as their city was right in the middle of the country and was in the most danger. They were given numerous videos of Maximoff torturing people as she learned how to control her powers.
Steve took a deep breath and nodded, loosening further under Tony’s gentle touch. He was speaking almost entirely to Tony now, ignoring the rest of the team around them. “I also… I always called… my butthole… my pussy. I was really confused about it, and I know I shouldn’t have thought of it like that, but I did… and then I grew body hair, and facial hair and I hated every second of it.”
Steve nodded. “Something great…”
.oOo.
At the first mention of Ultron’s name, Tony froze in shock. Steve was supposed to avoid the topic, but as the apology rolled out Tony felt a grin slide across his face, which he carefully controlled into the shape he wanted, that he knew would get a good reaction from Steve. He knew his smile read as ‘oh-my-god-he’s-being-nice-to-me-I’m-so-relieved-he-believes-me-all-I-want-is-him-to-care-about-me-so-happy-I-feel-loved’ It was a smile he’d used against many people over the years.
Steve spent that time stroking himself through the lace with one hand while rubbing at his hips and bum with the other.
Natasha shrugged awkwardly. “Asexual.”
Steve nodded slowly. “Where did I go?”
“As you fall into further relaxation all thoughts float out of your head, all that exists is my voice. My voice brings you pleasure, bringing you down, down into this calm and relaxed feeling. You will listen only to voice; my words are the only thing that matter as they bring you deep calm.”
Sure enough, Stevie was unable to stay away for long when he had an appointment and showed back up a little while later. Tony was now freshly showered and wearing a t-shirt now that he’d finished with all the hottest work.
Steve nodded slowly, eyes scanning Tony’s face for something. He must find it because he nodded again. “Tony? I just wanted to say I’m sorry. For how the team and I have been treating you. I know Ultron wasn’t your fault and I shouldn’t just be letting the other’s rip into you about it. I know you’d never do anything like that if our roles were reversed. I know you didn’t make Ultron yourself and I know that investigation cleared you too. I’ll try and make things a bit easier for you from now on.”
Tony turned back to him again. “Awake now Capsicle?” he watched in satisfaction as a grin spread across Stevie’s face.
Steve blinked slowly, his eyes focusing on Tony properly now. “Tony?”
Steve laughed desperately, cried for a while and laughed again. Every time he repeated it, he felt some part of his self slot further into place. And suddenly it was like he was a little kid again and there was no difference between boys and girls and gender didn’t matter.
Natasha was next, following Tony down after breakfast. It took Tony nearly four times as long to get her down so he spent half an hour reinforcing her, keeping her down and making her relaxed and calm and pliant. Making sure she would go down easier the next time. He spent an hour on her hands, to the point where he was sure if he’d done that to Steve the man would instantly fall into the deepest trance as soon as Tony touched him. For Natasha, naturally untrusting, it would only mean it took less than ten minutes to get her down.
Natasha was also living in the penthouse with them, but only for a little bit longer. She was currently heavily pregnant with Tony and Pepper’s daughter. After the birth, she would stay at the tower, only long enough to provide them with milk to get them through the first two months and then she’d move back to the compound to continue her work with the Avenger’s support staff.
Rhodey came and pulled Tony out for Movie Night and if he happened to choose one of Tony’s favourite movies them that’s just ‘cus he wanted to watch it. And if he had more Rhodey time in the lab, working on projects together, all the better.
Tony fisted Stevie’s hair and Stevie groaned, his mouth watering more as he worked his head along Tony's cock, desperate for the taste of Tony's cum. It was the best thing he’d ever tasted after all.
Tony laughed sweetly, “You almost fell asleep on me. I was showing you my latest studies in relaxation and how it can aid PTSD and I guess it works. How do you feel?”
Tony grinned. “Exactly. Oh, it’s going to be great. We get loads of calls for interviews at that time of year. We should accept one and just go in flag-themed shirts. And then Sam in one with the ally symbol on it! It’s gonna be epic!” Tony hopped up out of his seat and rushed off to the lab to special order a bigender shirt in Stevie’s size. Low V-neck cut of course.
Yes. Tony couldn’t be happier with his life. His team had put him in charge and ever since then, their missions had been huge successes. No civilian casualties. No property damaged that wasn’t Hydra’s. He’d long since tracked the Winter Soldier to Bucharest but since the old fossil just wanted to be left alone Tony was happy to leave him be. They’d recently stopped Brock Rumlow from getting a hold of a biological weapon, having evacuated the nearby area as soon as the facility was breached and working with local law enforcement made sure Brock never made it out of the facility alive. Tony was currently working with the UN on some documents called the Accords which outlined what they could and couldn’t do. Tony had no doubt that if he hadn’t made the team trust him then they’d likely have done their usual thing and thrown a tantrum about not being allowed to do what they wanted. Tony was willing to let countries decline the Avenger’s access. Most of them had their own teams that could handle Hydra, and Tony handed over all the information he decrypted from their files over to the relevant countries anyway.
Tony laughed. “Put your cock inside them, Stevie. Silly boy.”
It was like as soon as he’d calmed down and wasn’t angry anymore, suddenly he realised that he hadn’t been acting like himself and he was being way too cruel to Tony for no reason and it was all that witch’s fault! The other’s seemed horrified that they might have been doing the same. Tony grinned as they began to discuss their behaviour over the last three weeks and realised that they were in the wrong. They know Tony wasn’t to blame. It wasn’t his fault so why were they being so mean and cruel?
Tony ran his hand across Stevie’s pretty little breasts, lightly teasing the nipples and making it seem like an accident, what with him being plastered to Stevie’s massive back. He couldn’t see Stevie’s chest, so he didn’t know when he was grazing just close enough to the nipple to excite but far enough away that he technically speaking wasn’t touching them.
“See how good that feels Stevie? The lace feels so good doesn’t it?”
He continued to rub at Steve’s hands the entire time, stopping after every sentence to repeat the mantra that he would never lie to Steve, he only speaks the truth, his voice brings Steve a calm pleasure, his hands rubbing Steve's make him relaxed.
“What do you find attractive about me?”
“This.” Steve’s voice had smoothed out a little and his gaze seemed a touch far away.
“Look at that Stevie. Your pussy is so exposed. It’s so perfect. You can touch yourself without having to take your panties off. Imagine that Stevie. Lying in bed fucking your pussy with your hand, rubbing your cock with your other till you come inside your panties. How does that sound?”
Rhodey had his own floor in Tony's tower, which was back to being Stark Tower again, the avenger’s floors being mostly converted back to SI floors. He still worked mostly with the Air Force but planned to not sign a new contract when his current one ran out, getting an honourable discharge and moving on with his life. It was about time he had a life outside the military. He was working part-time at SI’s R&D working on planes and jets. He’d take a full-time job when he retired from the Air Force. He was interested in one of the women working security on his R&D floor. She was a nice woman. Didn’t seem interested in Rhodey for his fame or money so Tony was willing to see how it played out.
“Good Stevie. Very good. You feel so good right now. My voice made you feel that good. So do my hands. Feel my hands on yours, Stevie. They are so calming and relaxing. Whenever I touch your hands with mine it will calm and relax you. This is soothing and calming. You feel more relaxed the longer I touch you.”
Once all of his commands had been reinforced, he brought Steve up into the middle trance. “You feel so good like this Stevie. It’s so relaxing and peaceful. You should recommend the rest of the team try it. It’s a great trust exercise. It will tell me they still trust me after what’s happened and it will help them trust me more. It will also help them relax more and Clint had been so stressed and tense. He needs to relax. You should recommend the team try this.”
At least not yet.
Tony smiled and rubbed his thumbs across Steve’s hands. “You’re my friend, Cap. I always want to help you, you know that.”
After their shower, Tony would check Stevie’s vibrator and add more lube before going down to the lab. Stevie would change the sheets, put the dirty ones in to wash and do a couple of chores around the house. Different days had different chores. He’d make himself some food with the disgusting high-everything mix that Tony had developed for him so he only had to eat four meals a day. Then he’d make Tony lunch and bring it down, spending the whole afternoon warming Tony's cock.
He made sure she knew that her first impression of him was wrong. He was dying. His brain wasn’t getting enough oxygen so he wasn’t thinking clearly. He was suffering mild brain damage. His actions were unreasonable and if he’d been in his right mind, he wouldn’t have done them. He was flirting with her to upset Pepper. He’d never seriously flirted with her while she was his assistant, so if he gets a new one to replace her now that she was CEO and started flirting and seducing the new assistant maybe Pepper would hate him and not be sad when he died.
Sam shook his head. “Sorry man. In a normal straight dude.”
Steve simply moaned quietly, too blissed out to form words. Tony grinned.
Rhodey was second, coming to Tony’s room that night. He was so easy to put under as he already trusted Tony so much. There wasn’t anything about his Honeybear that he could think to change right now so he just helped Rhodes get through a couple of small issues and left the man sleeping in his bed while he went for a snack in the kitchen. Rhodey woke up late the next morning feeling better than he ever had and grinned at Tony and patted his shoulder when he came in for breakfast, Tony just putting his dishes in the dishwasher.
While he was sure they would be alone for a while Tony brought Steve down and opened up some descriptions of different LGBT+ labels and told Steve that when he researched these in-depth he’d find this description on Bigender he will feel it resonate with him. He will feel like it describes him perfectly. It is absolutely okay to call his asshole his pussy. If he considered it his pussy then, of course, it was his pussy. It was perfectly fine that he’d always been jealous of the girls in his class as they grew up and their chests grew into beautiful breasts, boobs, titties and his stayed flat and boring. He had nice breasts now. They were still a little smaller than he’d like but they weren’t flat and oh, he couldn’t wait to see what they’d look like in pretty bras and things! And yes, he absolutely could wear makeup and jewellery and grow out his hair. Lots of men these days had long hair anyway, there was nothing wrong with it. And if he wanted everyone to call him Stevie instead of Steve then that was fine too. All of these feelings were completely normal. He’d felt this way his whole life. This was his natural state. Tony spent nearly two hours reinforcing this absolute truth into Stevie. He was bigender. He was mostly a man and prefered male pronouns, but he had a pussy, and breasts and wanted to wear makeup and jewellery and grow out his hair. He was a predominantly male bigender person and that was completely fine.
Eventually, Stevie woke up enough to gather the will to move and sat up straight, lifting his arms above his head in a lazy stretch. He always took so well to the relaxation of the trance that even after he woke up, it took him a long time to wake his body back up. He was just so warm and relaxed and he knew he was safe with Tony here and he enjoyed spending time with the manic engineer like this. His usually endless energy, quiet and still.
Tony’s eyebrow raised slightly. That made things easier.
And one special, specific piece that Tony himself had designed and fabricated just especially for Stevie.
Steve’s body gave one final shudder and went limp against him.
Stevie slipped so effortlessly into his new role Tony wondered how the blond hadn’t come across this lifestyle himself.
Finally, Tony moved on to the final stage. “You feel so good and relaxed. You’ve never felt this good and relaxed before. You want to feel this again. Only I can make you feel this good and relaxed. The longer you go without this the more stressed and tense you’ll feel until you come back to me and ask me to do this again.”
This time it only took Steve five minutes to be in the deepest part of the trance so Tony reinforce his commands before bringing Steve up to add compulsions.
Tony sat back on the coffee table in front of Steve and took the man’s hands into his own. This was now the fifth session, and Tony was ready to add the new commands to Steve’s mind. It took less than a minute to get Steve fully down into the trance so Tony could place the compulsions. Today, Tony added a new command. “You find me a very attractive person, Stevie. I am very handsome and sexy. I am very attractive and you notice that. You know I am very attractive.”
Stevie tilted his head. “You mean… like dinner?”
Right on cue, Steve appeared at the door and entered his access code, the door sliding open and admitting him entrance. This was something they had all insisted on, that Tony couldn’t lock any of them out. Tony had wiggled them down to still being able to lock the door if one of them was in the lab with him.
“Yes. I do.”
Sam took a deep breath and sighed heavily, eventually pulling his hands out of Tony’s grasp and he stood up. “Whatever, man.” He left the room but Tony knew he’d be back. It might take longer than Steve did since the compulsion wasn’t as strong, but he’d be back and Tony would continue to work him. He’d build up that trust until the man trusted him as much as he trusts Steve.
It had been a year since he’d started hypnotising his team and Tony honestly couldn’t be happier.
He’d work on their feelings about his drinking habits with the team next session.
Tony spent the next week reinforcing everyone whenever they came down for ‘relaxation therapy’ He made sure they would all be willing to accept Stevie when he came out as well as fixing a few more problems between him and them. There were a surprising number of issues that were down to simple misunderstandings and as the air cleared and their relationships improved Tony felt happier and safer than he had in years.
Steve finally pulled his hands away and lay there panting. “Oh… that was… wow… guess I like lace… Mmmmm!”
“I’m out!” Clint called moving to get up from the table only to be smacked in the head by Natasha.
He worked with Barton for several more hours, making sure the idiot knew Tony was not to blame for Wanda not being allowed into the states. He was not to blame for her parent’s deaths. He was not arrogant or selfish or narcissistic. He did not flaunt his wealth, he just liked taking care of his friends. Of course, considering how vocal Barton had been about his distrust of Tony lately, Tony placed them as a growing compulsion. Like with Sam remembering the good times with Riley every time he thought about the bad times, Barton would do something similar. Every time he thought something negative about Tony, he would remember something that provided evidence to the contrary. Each time he would believe the bad thing less and less. He would also remember all the last reasons why not, plus a new one. They’d add up eventually until he was forced to admit he was wrong and those bad things aren’t true. It would normally take a few weeks to have a noticeable effect, but considering how the twit had been going on lately, he felt it would take much less time. Thankfully the less he believed it, the less he would think it, so after a while, the difference should take longer.
Tony tilted his head. “I don’t know. I don’t think Clint trusts me enough to do something like this. But if he wanted to then yeah. I’d be happy to help the team out.”
“From now on, every day when we are both in the compound at lunchtime, after you have your lunch, you are going to make me a cheese sandwich. You will cut it twice downwards into three slices, and then twice across, making nine little squares. They are small enough that I can pick them up one-handed and eat them easily without stopping my work. You will put some blueberries in the little fruit bowels in the cupboard that Clint was ranting about this morning.”
By the time he’d finished speaking he was sat up straight, shoulders back proudly as he finally said out loud who he was.
“You care about your team and you want everyone to be happy and healthy.”
“You alright Steve? Your eyes are all red and puffy.” Tony placed his dirty mugs in the sink and got a clean washcloth from the cupboard, soaking it in cold water.
Steve’s foggy blue eyes slowly slid open and he gazed straight into Tony’s eyes. Tony smiled gently at him.
He was Bisexual.
Tony sat next to him on the couch and allowed the other to lean against him, resting a head on his shoulder, while he replied to some emails on his phone.
And if Stevie was very lucky, at the end of the day, Tony might just let him cum.
Eventually, they had stood up from the table and were stood by the windows, looking out over the world when Tony's hand brushed Stevie’s. As they stood there chatting, Tony made sure his hand brushed Stevie’s several times, causing the man to calm slightly. Just enough that he wouldn’t feel nervous. He was caught by surprise when Stevie pulled him close and kissed him, but returned the kiss enthusiastically. Yes. This was what he wanted.
He sat up and pulled his tablet out from his bedside drawer, ignoring the almost empty bottle of lube with an embarrassed flush. A quick search had him finding a site that explained all of it. Gender Wiki… that was promising. As he browsed the pages and learned more about different sexualities and gender identities he finally clicked on the link to bigender.
And Steve! Oh, Tony was having a great time with Steve. With each thing he told the man he liked, he almost went out of his way to provide it. They had a couple of talks about the differences between when Steve was younger and now. And Tony suggested Steve stop saying ‘My time’ and ‘the future’. Steve just shrugged and said he’d try.
One down.
Stevie nodded. “Yeah. Sounds so good.” He bucked his hips again, fucking himself on Tony, who was holding still and just watching.
Steve nodded. “Yeah. Think. Consider.”
He stuttered an apology and ran from the room. Tony grinned and sat at his desk, opening the live feed of Stevie’s bedroom. Sure enough, the man hurried in and slammed the door behind him and stood in shock for a moment, staring down at his rebellious dick which was happily standing up and doing its best to soak through his briefs. Stevie stood still for a few minutes with his eyes closed and slowly his erection faded. He then went to his bathroom and had what Tony can only assume is a cold shower.
“Yes. My type.”
“Alright, Stevie. Take them off and clean yourself up.” Once Steve was clean Tony handed him the next pair of panties. This one silk. “Put these on. Feel how sexy you are. These look so good on you.” He rubbed at Steve’s hands in a calming motion and repeated how calm and peaceful Steve was. Steve stood there in the silk panties, all arousal gone from his body, for now. “You feel sexy. You feel so sexy in these.”
Steve came back again four days later and Tony brought him down much faster that time. Each time they did this Steve would respond more and more to Tony until eventually, Tony could get him down with something as simple and a single command word, clapping his hands twice or something like that.
.oOo.
“I was not to blame for Ultron’s existence. Ultron already existed inside the sceptre. Hydra was researching him. He didn’t have a name. Ultron already existed inside the sceptre. When Bruce and I were studying the sceptre, it was studying us back. We couldn’t know. No one knows enough about alien technology. We took every precaution we could think to take. There was nothing we could have done. Ultron took over my research project and stole its name, Ultron. Ultron was not my fault. You don’t blame me for Ultron existing. You don’t blame me for anything Ultron did.”
That man was going to be his one day.
Worked in his favour because now he could simply lie here with his cock still inside his lover’s tight hot pussy and cuddle instead of having to pull out so Stevie could take his gross, wet panties off.
Tony grinned the entire time. He didn’t know if Stevie had become aroused while he was in the kitchen earlier. The man probably hadn’t even noticed he was wearing a tank top. No matter. He would be coming down later today for his appointment and Tony fully intended to make use of it.
“Look at me, Stevie.”
Oh, yes. Tony's life was perfect.
Eventually, Steve’s parcel arrived, thankfully in a discreet box and Steve collected it himself from the postman to make sure it didn’t get screened by the post team and hurried back to his room. Tony watched on the security feed in his lab, the locks finally back under his full control and he leant back in his chair, leisurely stroking his cock as he watched Steve try on the different items.
“Yes… s’true. S’true. Never lie to me.”
Steve looked at himself in the mirror and suddenly his chest felt tight. It was hard to breathe. His eyes welled with tears, his cock swelled in his panties and his knees gave out, dropping him onto the edge of his bed. He looked himself over, hands running over his whole body. “Oh god… I look so beautiful. I’m so beautiful.” He shakily stood up and ran his hands over his body again, moaning as he dipped a finger through the hole in the bottom of his panties to rub against his still slick and loose pussy, which was frantically clenching around nothing, desperate to have his fingers back inside but he didn’t want to spoil his lovely new gloves.
Stevie smiled back at Tony, his blush darkening. “Yeah… I’d like that.”
He knew his drinking was bad before, after the invasion and then after SHIELD fell, but he was better now about it and was sure he wouldn’t fall back into old habits.
Steve sighed again.
Tony laughed again, genuinely this time. Sleepy Steve was so adorable. “Don’t worry. You can stay there until you wake back up properly.” He willed his erection down by thinking of Fury wearing a bight pink tutu that had a gap open at the front through with the man’s cock was on open display.
He sobbed desperately into his hands as pure relief at finally being whole again flooded his soul.
Tony grinned. “Good Boy, Stevie.” Dreams were the easy way to see how Steve would take to this. If his dreams followed Tony’s suggestions, then he was open to this. He brought Steve up a little more. “Hey, Stevie. I have a suggestion for you. I need you to think about it and consider it.”
“Mmmm. So good. You’re really good at this. Thanks for indulging me.”
“One, two, three, four, five.” He brought his right hand away from Steve’s for a second to click his fingers and make the gesture so Friday lifted the blackout and unlocked the door but immediately grabbed Steve’s hand again, rubbing his thumb across the backs.
He wasn’t broken.
Stevie blushed slightly. “Er… yeah. Something like that.”
Well, bye-bye boner. You will be missed. I will see you tonight.
Tony nodded. “Sure thing Cap.” He waited until the door had closed behind Steve and the man had disappeared into the elevator before he slowly pushed himself to his feet, he groaned and went cross-eyed for a moment, having to hold still for almost two minutes before he got himself back under control. He slowly, torturously, made his way into the lab bathroom and shoved his jeans down, grateful he’d decided against a belt today. He shoved the tight thong he was wearing down and his cock sprang free from where it had been held trapped between his cheeks. He squatted down and his balls popped back out of their tuck and he moaned, fisting his length and rubbing. It only took two strokes before he was coming hard into the condom that he’d put on in preparation for Steve coming down.
He fired up the forge and got to work. By the time Stevie came down later Tony was flushed and sweating, he had grease smeared across his forehead and his right shoulder and was breathing heavily. He grinned up at Stevie. “Hey, Stevie! Sorry. Just getting some work done.” He pulled off his welding mask and ran a hand through his hair, biting his lip and then turning and bending over to pick the mask up from where he’d dropped it. When he stood back up Stevie was staring, wide-eyed with an impressive tent in his slacks.
Steve moaned quietly. And nodded sleepily. Tony kept that up for a full five minutes, marked by the clock on the wall behind the couch. Just repeating over and over that Steve felt calm and relaxed whenever Tony touched his hands.
Several hours later they were lying in Tony's bed. Tony was completely naked but Stevie had chosen to wear a pair of silk panties with a hole over his pussy, so Tony had taken great delight in fucking him with them still on. Stevie’s cockhead was currently just poking out the top of the waistband where Tony had pulled it out so when Stevie came, he didn’t fill his panties with his load.
He always wanted to take care of Tony.
“Yeah? How about one that vibrates? You ever used a vibrator before?” Stevie shook his head. “Oh, you’re going to love it. They feel so great. Especially right here.” He bucked his hips sharply, hitting Stevie’s prostate dead on.
In the kitchen, the whole team was gathered, mostly just trying to figure out what they want to do today, but as soon as Steve had walked in, they immediately crowded around him asking why he’d been crying.
Clint had his own private quinjet so he lived with his family on their farm, more than happy to spend his time there, only coming to the compound twice a month for team training. He rarely ever had to go on missions with them since they had almost entirely eradicated HYDRA and any missions they did go on weren't good for a sniper.
Steve smiled back and stood up. “I’ll leave you to your work. Don’t forget to eat today, alright?”
“You will make me a cup of coffee, with a dash of real cream and a spoon of sugar and you will bring it down to me. You will tell me to eat, and explain you just want to take care of me like you do the rest of the team. I can’t help it if my brain gets stuck on science and I forget to eat, so you’ll make sure I do.”
“Yeah. Thanks for the help, Shellhead.”
Tony was still the only avenger to be working on relief efforts.
“Yes. Always hungry. Eat so much.”
Tony grinned. “Pride is gonna be awesome this year. Please tell me we can all march together?” he gasped. “I can get us t-shirts with our flags on!”
Sam glared at him. “What the hell, man? You can’t play with me like that.”
And if the only time Stevie was ever dressed in normal clothes, clear-headed and didn’t have a straining erection, the worst case of blue balls ever and a thick vibrating toy in his pussy was when he was being Captain America, that was only because they both took their jobs very seriously.
In the penthouse at Stark Tower, Friday greeted them like they hadn’t been in contact the entire time, but still. Her cheery “Welcome home, Boss” brought a smile to Tony's face. Tony and Stevie sat at the table that had been placed in the sitting room just for this purpose and enjoyed a lovely meal, watching the lights of the city slowly get brighter as the sky darkened. Tony was half glad you couldn’t see stars here and half disappointed, as it would have made the mood more romantic. During desert, Tony kept biting his lip and glancing shyly up at Stevie through his lashes. He felt his cock stirring as he watched Stevie’s pupils dilate slowly and a flush spread across his face.
“Hey, Tony. What are you working on?”
In between the two was a pair of red silk panties with gold lace frill that taunted Steve’s skin with its arousing deliciousness that was overshadowed by the calming silk. His cock was almost half hard but was confused whether it should be getting up or not. There were tiny blue gems along the gold silk, hidden in the pattern. There was also a collection of blue gems in between his breasts and it took Steve an embarrassingly long time to realise it was not just Iron Man coloured, it was fully Iron Man themed. He slid on the red heels with their straps coming up to mid-calf and the little blue sole on the heel, and the red silk gloves that reached his upper arm, fit perfectly over the muscles there, the little blue details in the silk in the palm of his hand made him wonder for a moment how it would feel against his cock.
“Yeah, I’m fine. Really good actually. That’s what I want to talk to you all about.”
Steve blushed. “No. Well… yes but no. No. I was… trying some stuff on and… I was thinking some things I’d been trying really hard not to think about pretty much my whole life.”
“Hey, Steve. Back with me now?”
Tony grinned happily, “That’s great, Steve. I’m glad I could help you.”
He found Tony's hands on his own to be very relaxing and always relaxed when Tony stroked the back of his hand with his thumb.
Steve sighed; a tiny hum barely audible.
Tony surely hadn’t sent all of those files to the hacker and tell them what to do with them when they were decrypted. That wasn’t sarcasm, by the way, he genuinely didn’t do it. Maria Hill did. She didn’t want another project paperclip and could see that Cap wanted to let her onto the team and had taken matters into her own hands.
Tony blinked once in shock at the nickname before grinning. “Shellhead huh? I like it.”
Rhodes grinned. “Normal is overrated. Welcome to the queerbrigade! I’m bisexual, Tony’s pansexual. You guys?” He looked at the other three.
After Sam firmly believed that Tony was not to blame for Ultron Tony brought him up to the middle zone and told him he wouldn’t remember what they’d talked about it the quiet place.
It was simple really. In a light hypnotic trance Tony could make suggestions that Steve’s mind would think were his thoughts, but whether he followed those suggestions was his own choice. Tony could make that choice easier by making it seem like a great thing to do, amplifying all of Steve’s positive feelings towards the choice, but as a suggestion, he couldn’t force Steve to do it.
Steve nodded and Tony repeated it all five times, watching it sink in as Steve's mind accepted the truth in his words.
Tony walked in a few seconds later and Steve grinned. “Hey, Tony. Nice timing. I can tell everyone at once.”
Steve sighed heavily as he gave himself completely to Tony’s control. Tony lay Steve back against the sofa and sat on the table in front of him. He took the captains’ hands in his own and began massaging them, working them in his grip and feeling yet more tension bleed from Steve’s body.
dinner.”
Tony was the only avenger to believe that Ultron wasn’t entirely Tony’s fault, despite the investigation proving he wasn’t at fault for the homicidal bot’s existence.
Tony always told him the truth.
the MK 69. The crotch plate had been replaced with a 10-inch dildo that vibrated and alternated between being hot and cold as well as releasing periodic electrical shocks only strong enough to arouse, but not enough to cause her any harm. The hands, likewise vibrated, changed temperature and shocked her. But the best part was the faceplate, which opened to reveal a robotic tongue (coated in a silicone surface to match a human tongue) which moved around just like a real one, vibrated, changed temperature and shocked her.
“Can you hear me, Stevie?” Tony deliberately used the old nickname Barnes had given him when they were kids.
Tony chuckled and kissed the sweaty shoulder next to his mouth. Too tired to put in the effort to move and find Stevie’s face. “I don’t just mean for sex. We have these things nowadays called plugs. They literally do what they sound like. You can cover one in lube, stretch out your pussy so it’s nice and loose and then put the plug inside you. Imagine if you’d been sat on one tonight? Spent the whole of dinner with your pussy stretched out and wet and knowing you were going to get something much bigger and better later on. And when we came to bed, I could have just slipped the plug out and if you’d used enough lube, I could have just pushed my cock straight into your pussy without having to spend so long stretching you out ready for me.”
All thanks to a little bit of ‘Team Training’.
“The hanger? I thought you just said you weren’t going to fly us to Paris?” Steve grinned teasingly up at him.
“You will have dreams about me in a tank top and jeans in the lab, flirting with you and you flirting back. In your dream, I will grab your hair and pull you down into a kiss and you will wake up with your cock hard.”
Steve nodded, tears in his eyes, “I promise. I’ll make him suffer.”
“Once I get rid of The Captain and The Avengers, Brooklyn will be mine for the taking and I will turn it into the weapons capital of America. Think of the money, Stark, that’s what sold it for your father.”
Steve rolled them over, trapping Tony in between his thighs as he placed him back against the mattress, his mouth moving towards Tony’s chest, “Family later.” Steve agreed, pressing his hips against Tony’s, “I want you, now.”
“One chance, you let us go and I let you live.” Steve told them; he was bluffing but right now it was all he had.
“He took one of ours.” Steve replied, “I need to go after him.”
Tony moaned, fingers latching onto Steve’s bicep.
“He’s safe with me, I promise.”
“No, I want to bargain for my team’s.”
Tony was back to his work, “Nope. Well, my dad’s a dick so I left home at eighteen and never looked back. So now I’m a mechanic, no press, no pressure.”
Rumlow had messed with the wrong mechanic, of that Tony was certain.
“Mr Stark doesn’t see anyone without an appointment.”
Picking Thor would have been a smart choice if it wasn’t also the most obvious. Everyone went for Thor first. He was the biggest – aside from Steve himself, but no one went after The Captain whilst his team were around him because that was suicide – and he was the deadliest. Steve had seen that hammer separate skull from brain matter. He had seen Thor cleave skin from bone without breaking a sweat. Thor was the natural choice, but that was where everyone went wrong.
Steve hummed against his shoulder, moving his hips back so he slid out of Tony’s heat before plunging back in again. This was good, this was home. Steve set the pace, using Tony’s hip for leverage as he pumped in and out of his hole, their skin slapping together at the contact.
Tony shivered again, the cold biting at his bare arms before a heavy weight settled over his shoulders and the smell of Steve invaded his nose. Steve’s leather jacket hung from his frame, solid and warm and safe. Tony pulled it tighter around himself to ward off the cold.
“Right here, look at me, sweetheart.”
Steve nodded to himself, hearing music coming from Natasha’s room as he made it to the next level of the house. Curiosity got the better of him and he headed in that direction, “Get it done and email it over when you have it.” Steve replied before hanging up.
“I had to get Tony out, it was my call.” Steve told him.
He needed to be out of there before Rumlow made it back to base and found him.
“Every night before bed.” Fury quipped. Rhodes handed him a few photos which Fury took, taking a moment to study each other before slamming the first one on the table in Clint’s direction. It was a body, close up on a guy’s face that was pale and deadly still.
Thor took up a seat at the table, pushing out the chair next to him which Tony figured was as much of an invitation as he was going to get. He nodded to himself, grabbing his mug and settling into the chair on Thor’s left. He watched curiously as Thor brought the hammer onto the table, setting it down with such care. The metal was rusted, flakes of dried blood from god knows how many victims crusted into the weapon. There was a name carved into the handle.
Steve caught his eyes then, brown and soft, crinkled at the edges. The tension was leaving his shoulders and Steve couldn’t remember the last time he had felt this at ease. He shouldn’t have. He had a million and one problems to fix. Hydra. The police killings. The immunity deals. Fury knew his identity. Nat and Bucky were slowly torturing themselves instead of talking.
Tony grabbed his arms, pulling them tighter around himself, “I can’t feel my legs. We aren’t moving.”
“Listen here,” Ross breathed out, “I will make sure your trial is as public and as long as OJ’s. Everyone will know your name and your face and the things you’ve done. By the time I’m done with you they will be asking to move you to a state that offers the death penalty.”
“Steve…”
Natasha was waiting for him when he pushed the front door open leaning against the wall like she knew he was coming, “You look like shit.” She commented with a quirked eyebrow.
“I heard about the shooting at the docks. Who?” Steve asked.
Tony squeezed his hand, “Is this because I’m easy on the eyes?”
The last two Hydra guys went for Thor, as Sitwell had probably ordered them to. Thor watched their approach with a wide grin, all teeth and joy. He brought the hammer up as if it weighed nothing and took a swing. He knocked the first guy in the side of the head, the sound heavy and hollow before a body hit the floor. Thor never left a job unfinished though and smashed the hammer down onto his face for extra measure.
Natasha knew his train of thought, “If you want to burn down an empire, you’re going to need some petrol to make sure it ignites.”
Fury shuffled in his seat again and Steve could imagine him ordering his thoughts, “Ross failed. He’s corrupted and he’s Hydra which means the gang problem is still out there and it’s only going to grow. No offence but you folks spread like rot.”
Steve smiled, “Thanks. I gotta go get Clint. Take care, T’challa. I want a badge from the election campaign.”
Steve had tried to make Brooklyn safe but Tony, Tony was going to make it
“By that she means, we knocked him out and tied him to the radiator in the garage.” Bucky snorted.
He walked forward slowly, giving Tony a chance to back away if he wanted to. He stayed put and Steve took that as a sign that he was listening at least.
He stepped closer to Steve again, “Would you stop thinking about me for five seconds and start thinking about yourself? Or at least think about how much of a chance your family stand against Rumlow without you there now.”
“You tipped him, right?” Steve asked.
There was a pause at the other end of the line and Steve knew T’challa was weighing up his options.
“A date? That’s what people do right? People still go on dates?” Steve teased, the smile on his face carefree.
Clint shook his head, “No evidence. Of course. Just our mark carved into their victim.”
Tony closed the sketchpad, feeling almost guilty for snooping, “Sorry, I didn’t want to wake you.”
Tony was a force to be reckoned with, Steve was learning that fast as Tony dragged his nails down Steve’s back with an insistence that Steve could only read as a demand from the mechanic.
Tony fumbled with his key in the door, missing the lock a few times in his haste. The motion had nothing to do with the alcohol in his system and everything to do with Steve’s looming presence at his back. The man was radiating heat and desire in waves and Tony was simply swept up in the storm. He turned the lock again, scratching the metal with the key before finally working it into the slot. Steve chuckled behind him, low and dark as his own hand snaked around Tony’s shoulder to help him turn the lock and open his front door.
“Isn’t that why we do what we do?”
Steve didn’t even bother to read the rest of the list. It was Rumlow, it had to be Rumlow. He just needed to prove it so he could take the information to Fury and devise a plan to stop him.
He wanted to shout into the waves crashing against the docks in hope it would make him feel better. Or find Rumlow and put a bullet in his head. Or find his family and spend one more night together without the weight of this conversation crushing him from the inside out. Or turn up at Tony’s door and lose himself in his touch.
Natasha shook her head, “You just had to answer it.”
When he pulled back, he noticed the set of Steve’s shoulders were slightly more relaxed than before, coiled muscle loosening as he shifted back to lay down besides Tony in bed.
But he couldn’t help it. He’d gotten back late last night with a wad of notes in his jeans pocket and the feel of The Captain’s lips pressed against his own. The Captain. The King of Brooklyn. The most notorious gangster this side of New York and Tony had kissed him after having one conversation with a man he was pretty sure could kill him with a paperclip like he did it all the time.
“Steve…”
Steve smiled against his skin, “I’m also going to fuck you.”
“Well then, maybe you can talk some sense into him. I can get him immunity, but you all need to stay above board on this. Let us deal with Hydra. When Ross gets here, there can’t be any doubt that you’re running your own agenda.” Fury explained.
“What’s gotten you so happy?” Steve asked, curiosity in his tone. He was happy Tony was happy, not weighed down by the burdens that had plagued him since he killed Ross.
Steve could only grunt in agreement, hands digging into Tony’s hips as all thoughts of teasing went out the window in favour of making Tony come hard and fucking him senseless.
“Maybe not.” Natasha agreed, “But he likes that you’re here. Willing to help Steve. Bucky responds to loyalty. He always has.”
Steve frowned, “You’re not expendable Tony, not to me.”
They were just Peter quirks and Tony had come to love that about the kid, he was never boring that was for sure and while he was a genius with grades that almost matched Tony’s own at that age, unlike Tony, Peter had never lost that edge of innocent that let people forget he was still just a kid.
Tony laughed, “Self-preservation always wins out.”
Tony smiled devilishly, “Come on Captain,” Tony dared him, “Let me feel you.”
“This is what you call ‘having it’? Running in there to engage without any clue about what weapons he was packing or whether they were anyone else around?” Natasha demanded; she wasn’t shouting which made it worse. Natasha’s even tone and steely eyes spoke volumes.
Thor was waiting in the entryway when Steve got to the main part of the house, leaving Tony to pack away his tools downstairs. Steve tried not to think of the press of Tony’s mouth, warm and plaint under his own as he made a beeline for Natasha who was making a peanut butter sandwich in the kitchen. It was a brash impulse situation to kiss Tony, a stranger he barely knew but Steve had been overcome by the mechanic. All that sass and dark hair wrapped up like a ribbon and dropped onto Steve’s doorstep, it was just icing on the cake that Tony had flirted back. Steve prided himself on being able to read people, to be able to work out the atmosphere of a room and use it to his advantage and Tony’s body language was practically inviting him in. He found himself wanting to know more about him but instantly brushed that notion off. It was one thing to go to a bar and pick up a stranger every now and again, Bucky would even say it was healthy for Steve to let off some steam, but this was different. Tony had been in his house; he had told him his damn name. Normally, he’d just say as The Captain or give a fake name to pretend at intimacy but when Tony had asked Steve had offered up a small token of truth without a thought. Tony wouldn’t be able to figure that he was Steve Rogers, of course. There were plenty of Steve’s in Brooklyn and thanks to a large sum of money and a whiz kid from Arizona, Steve Rogers didn’t exist on paper or online anymore. He was a dead man on foreign soil. Left to rot a long time ago.
Tony nodded, “It wasn’t a difficult job. I think I spent longer buffing that shine back into her than I did sorting out the dent. It’s a beautiful car, Cap.”
Fury unlocked the other cuff and the metal clacked against the table, “Change of plan. You need to go to him.”
Steve could barely look at her, “I’ll handle Ross.”
Steve squeezed his arm once more before moving past him, “She was good for you.”
What he wasn’t ready for was the sight of his best friend slumped against the doorstep, face and hand bloody. Bucky was barely conscious, sweat pouring down his face. Steve stared at him in shock. The place where his left arm had been was gone. There was nothing more than a crudely hacked stump from the end of his shoulder. Steve felt the bile rise in his throat and echoed Natasha’s shout in Russian behind him. Her voice sounded far away and tinny.
“I can’t…” Tony panted, “Fuck, Steve.”
He had brought the garage with the last of his money, sleeping out of the office because he couldn’t afford a place as he worked on building up his business. In three months, he’d managed to create a website, a customer base and gain some very favourable reviews that helped boost his profile. Now he was the best mechanic in town and he had money to buy a small condo in one of the nicer areas of town. It was still a shoe box and Tony had managed to get it as a steal on the price because the builders had abandoned the project without putting dividing walls up for any of the rooms other than the bathroom so the space was literally one massive room and a private bathroom but it was home and it worked fine for Tony.
This wasn’t their usual spot for meeting, Steve preferred the docks. It was further out of the city and the sound of the waves crashing against the pier always managed to calm him down when Sitwell said something stupid. Hydra’s current front runner had suggested the warehouse district instead and Steve didn’t have a reason to refuse.
This was going to take some time. He stretched out his fingers in front of him.
Steve could help the smirk that crossed his face. Tony Stark clearly liked playing with fire because not only had he text back, but he had also made it flirty. He was challenging Steve, calling him out. He seemed to be saying, if you want me, come and get me. How was Steve meant to refuse an offer like that? When Tony was clearly on the same page as him.
“Well then, once I’m done here I can guarantee she’ll be able to keep getting you out of tough spots for a good while yet.”
“Of course, Tony. He’ll all yours.”
With extra care he untangled himself from the octopus of a mob boss next to him. Steve was all arms when he slept, pulling Tony closer in his sleep until they were so firmly pressed together, they were practically one. When Tony managed to get free, Steve gave a little frown in his sleep making his displeasure known but stayed on his back, arm spread out towards Tony’s side of the bed.
He could help people with that kind of tech, a self-sustaining energy source. That was worth a deeper look.
“Fuck, Tony.” He gasped from his place on the pillows, hands tugging at the ties like he momentarily forgot that he couldn’t reach out and grab the mechanic like he clearly wanted to.
Tony needed no further encourage, picking up his pace a little. He moved his hands down to Steve’s stomach, using them for balance as he rolled his hips and rutted against him faster. Tony was grinding against Steve’s thigh with everything he had, panting his way through the feeling of his mounting pleasure and the image of Steve watching him, wrists pulling at his ties in an attempt to get closer.
Tony’s condo was warm when they stepped inside and Tony flicked the lights on, Steve was just moving his feet. The adrenaline was leaving his system and he was tired.
“I know about the bombs. I know about Howard Stark. I’ll stop him before he gets the chance. Or maybe I’ll deliver him to the cops and see what they do to him.” Steve replied, crouched over Pierce in the snow.
He could practically hear T’Challa’s brain working through his request as Steve headed down the stairs from his floor to the one below, “That’s a big ask, Captain. How do you even know he’s a recent returnee and not someone who left the service years ago?”
This time was different though, this time Tony wasn’t a scared kid trying to avoid his father’s temper. He knew he was stronger than that. Not to mention the glorified bodyguard in the front seat and the mob boss who would raise hell if Tony came back with some much as a bruise. He could do this. He had to do this.
“You know you can talk to me about this. I’ll listen.” Steve told her softly.
“Shame about the view. Thor here does love the ocean.” Steve nodded towards the man closing their ranks.
Tony followed his nose, not spotting the red head anywhere as he made his way over to the coffee machine, stealing Steve’s mug off the side to make his drink. The slow drizzle of espresso into his cup smelt like heaven and as soon as the timer went off he set about adding sugar and a dash of cream to make sure he got that sugar hit fast.
It was Peter's hopeful brown eyes and Rhodey's laugh that convinced him he could do this. It was Steve's smile, soft and dangerous and directed right at him. It was the knowledge that Tony Stark was many things, a mechanic, a genius, but most importantly a survivor.
Clint nodded, “I figured as much. I could use a holiday anyway. We can’t let this one go though, the cops sure won’t.”
Everyone would get a happy ending this way.
"Nat, listen to me. This is your best chance. I can take the fall for this. I can protect you that way. Please, let me. Fury is working on trying to get me immunity and maybe he will but if he doesn't then I'm going to jail either way. Don't ask me to watch as they throw you all in a cell next to me." Steve pleaded with her, eyes burning.
Steve waited, counting the seconds in his head as Sitwell glanced back to him. His left eye twitched again. Steve smiled at him easily. He needed Sitwell to make the first move so Steve could kill him. There was also a part of him that wondered whether Sitwell actually would make it. Steve had always had him pegged as a coward with a lust for power. He stepped into a vacant role within Hydra whereas Steve had fought his way into his.
“Are you okay?” Tony asked him softly. They were lying in Steve’s bed facing each other, still warm from the bath and sated. Natasha had told them to rest for a few hours, they’d need their strength for whatever came next.
Steve hung there unsure what to do with the sudden display of affection, "What's this for?" He said.
Tony wanted to heave.
"I'm in." Clint replied.
“What are you going to do?” Nat asked with as she crossed her arms over her chest.
“It’s Fury. Ross is in town.”
The only chance they had of this working was if Rumlow didn’t know who Steve was. It’s doubtful he’d remember a bright-eyed, clean shaved good little army boy from years ago when compared to the harden mobster Steve was now, but he didn’t want to take any chances. If Rumlow didn’t know who the Captain was then they needed to keep it that way. If he did, it could already be over. All it would take who be for Rumlow to give that information to the wrong people and Steve would have a mob at his door before sunrise.
It was blaring down in the lower level so it must have been deafening in the upper ones. The message was clear. A criminal had escaped and was on the loose, all units to engage. Steve didn’t have a good feeling about this.
“Tony, you have to be quiet.” Steve responded, eyes darting to the door as if someone might come in at any moment.
Fury chuckled, “Oh, I see that. Twenty-four hours. You get those deals signed. I’ll find a way to make sure there’s one for you too.”
Tony released him gently, one last flick of his tongue over the tip of Steve’s cock that caused him to jerk a little before Tony was sitting back up, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand as Steve worked on regaining his breath.
Tony wasn’t done yet though, taking Steve back in again he sucked. Closing his mouth over his cock before sucking like he was a lollypop in the middle of July. Steve’s reaction was instant, his hips bucked despite Tony’s grip on them. His face lifted off the bed to watch Tony swallow him down and his whole body arched at the sensation.
Rhodey was there, eyes on Tony but he’d kept his distance. At least he hadn’t been alone.
He struggled in the hands of the other guy holding him, arms hitting out and managing to do little more than knock off the mugs littering the counter to the floor where they smashed into piece of broken china and a flood of letters before he felt it.
“It has to be Hydra.” Steve said, passing Thor his glass and settling back into his desk chair.
Steve had his own question, "Did you make that?"
Steve thought about protesting, playing it safe and adding another finger to try and ease the stretch from having his cock in there but Tony was looking at him with those big brown eyes, all lust and wanting and Steve didn’t have the heart to deny him anything.
Bucky was still waiting for an answer.
“You burnt down our base, Captain.” Pierce replied, “You’re a marked man for that.”
“Let’s discuss how two of your men where found on my streets last week.” Steve replied with a frown, “Pretty sure you’re in breach of your treaty right there.”
Steve was done talking. He thrashed again, this time managing to get the heel of his hand against Rumlow’s throat. He pushed, flipping them over so Rumlow was lying in the blood and Steve had him pinned, using his knees to secure his arms to the ground.
“Of course, you gained access to my files.” Fury grumbled.
His father’s assistant stopped them when they reached Howard’s office. She was a small woman, blonde and beautiful and Tony figured Howard had hired her for more than her filing skills.
Tony’s eyes drifted to Steve’s lips, full and slightly parted and begging for attention. What Tony wouldn’t give to have those lips on his. To draw that bottom lip between his teeth and make Steve moan.
"Wrong move." Steve told him, "You were meant to use my weight against me."
Steve’s arms went around his back, “Oh yeah, bedroom eyes.” He planted a kiss on Tony’s mouth for good measure.
“No, but I knew staying meant death. I guess I was too much of a coward to die without finishing what I started.” Thor replied, “I realised afterwards when Steve was offering me a job that what he saw in me was the same thing he recognised in himself.”
Steve was right about one thing though; a shower would definitely help. He grabbed his phone from the side, unlocking it to see a message from Peter. Tony let out a small laugh at the picture Peter had sent him. Ned had oil smudged into his fur, happily sitting in Peter’s arms for the photo with a caption:
Steve took it eagerly, “Just for the bike?” He asked roughly, eyes challenging.
He shoved his hands in his pockets for warmth, “I’ve killed phonebooks of people, Fury, don’t test me on this.”
“You can go faster.” Tony told him.
Steve took a deep breath, “I can’t read you; you know? Every time I try to work out what you’re thinking, and I get nothing. You’re right, I came after you because the thought of you being hurt makes my stomach churn. It went against everything I should have done to protect myself and my team and I don’t completely understand it myself. The effect you have on me.”
“What you’re willing to do to keep yourself alive, to keep your family together. What lines you’re willing to cross despite the fact that once you do cross them you can’t take them back.”
Bucky scoffed, “Do you hear yourself? You’ve got a turf war and a manhunt coming after you and your biggest concern is whether we’ll like your new boyfriend? Come on, Steve, get your head in the game or we’re all dead.”
The sound of a phone from his pocket broke their pace. Steve frowned, pulling out the phone. It wasn’t his though. It was Pierce’s. The number didn’t have a name on the screen which mean it was a gang member. An untraceable burner phone.
Tony would never let him, none of his family would but Steve could work around that. He could deal with that. They didn’t need to know anything; they could keep working on the original plan. Find out where Rumlow’s weapons building was taking place. They’d need to stop it either way.
Tony’s legs were shaking around him as he let himself go, thrusting hard and fast into Steve’s pliant mouth. Steve let him take what he needed, crushing his own erection into the mattress beneath him as Tony fucked his face. One of Tony’s hand left the sheet to tangle in Steve’s hair instead, helping guide Steve the way he wanted him.
He wanted Rumlow to beg, to sniffle and plead for his life but Rumlow wasn’t going to.
Steve was off running errands shortly after their impromptu morning in bed and by that he meant he was off to see Fury with the information Tony had collected from T’Challa to try and beat Ross at his own game. He wanted to go with him but Tony knew if he walked into Rhodey’s office with Steve in tow there would be no going back and he definitely didn’t need that kind of attention or a lecture right now.
“I might have to kill Rumlow.” Steve told him honestly, blue eyes boring into Tony’s like he was pleading him to understand, “If I can’t bring him in. I have to stop him.”
He parted Steve’s legs a little more, slotting himself in between them so he was lying down, his own erection pressing into the mattress and he brought himself level with Steve’s cock. Steve lifted his head up despite the restraints, watching Tony with lidded eyes that looked like they wanted nothing more than to fuck him.
Fury laughed, “You’d be surprised how many cops do it. They think it’s cool.”
Tony ignored him, hands skimming the elastic waistband of Steve’s trousers as he quickly pulled them back from his stomach slightly to shove the small black box between the skin of Steve’s navel and the elastic. To Rhodey, it just looked like they were making out, his view blocked by Tony’s back.
“How much?”
It wasn’t the phone really, but the number inside it that was causing his irrationality. Tony’s number. Steve still hadn’t called him because he said he wasn’t going to. He told Bucky he was done; it was one night, and he was walking away. Yet, he found himself staring at that phone wanting nothing more than to text Tony like it was the easiest thing in the world.
Tony followed him; toolbox heavy in his hands until Bruce came to a stop in the garage. The car in question was beautiful, a vintage BMW 230SL top down convertible. It was a dark brown colour with a cream leather interior that just seemed to scream 1960s era. It was in perfect condition as well, Tony would bet money on it still being in running order.
He shrugged out of his joggers and his t-shirt, balling them up into a corner until he was as naked as Tony was under those sheets. Steve couldn’t help himself, he needed to wake Tony up anyway so why not let them both enjoy it? Just for a little while longer.
Tony woke up with a dull ache and an empty bed, he tried not to be disappointed at the fact Steve hadn’t stayed. Why would he? Tony got the impression that he wasn’t the sort to do the whole breakfast in bed thing. He was a mob boss; Tony shouldn’t be anything other than relieved that he didn’t have to deal with his choices in the light of day.
Tony hummed inches away from Steve’s mouth, hot breath and a sinful voice, “A terrible idea.” He agreed.
Tony jumped under his touch as Steve moved the shirt up higher, his mouth following eagerly tasting Tony’s skin until the fabric was bunched under his arms. Tony lifted them up to help Steve as he smoothly glided the material over warm skin and Tony’s head until he was free of it.
“He sold you out, Steve.” Rumlow spat his name at him, “Told me about Tony’s little bodyguard. I knew he was one of yours and I knew that was my way in. See, the thing is, I hate people who don’t stick to their word.” Rumlow levelled the gun at Howard’s head, “I think I’ll kill him.”
“When do we officially get to meet him?” Sam asked, like a kid in a candy store.
Steve panted his way to calming his own heart, slipping out from Tony’s ass before he softened and he felt Tony relax his legs, letting them tangle down the edge of the table. Steve placed his forehead on Tony’s shoulder as he collected himself and Tony stroked his hair gently.
“Just making sure.” Steve replied before offering out his hand. Fury sighed and took it, shaking it once and dropping it just as quickly. He didn’t want to be doing this, Steve knew, but he was smart enough to know it was the only way to stop Hydra and, on that front, at least they were on the same side.
Oh, how he hated this life.
“Why? He broke up with you, right? You’re done?” Rhodey asked with a frown.
Steve wouldn’t do any of those things though because they weren’t practical. The King of Brooklyn’s days were numbered and if he really was about to lose everything, he was damn well going to make sure he did everything in his power to stop that from happening.
Natasha hummed, really looking at him then, “You’re worried.”
He gripped onto Tony for dear life, riding through the aftershocks of his release with a few more shallow thrusts before his body finally relaxed and Steve found he could breath again.
“We don’t want to make the first move. We don’t want to be the reason a war between gangs break out. Innocent people will get caught in the crossfire and keeping you all safe in a warzone isn’t something I can easily guarantee.” Steve replied, “We need to turn the tide on this one.”
“You mean we wait?” Natasha corrected.
Steve nodded, “Detective.” He greeted in the same tone.
Steve gave her a small smile he hoped was encouraging, “Make a phone call then go and get our archer.”
“So, what do we do now?” Bucky asked.
This was a set up.
They needed Steve.
His hair was everywhere, sticking up in all directions and definitely needed a wash. His skin was sallow and there were dark circles under his eyes that showed how little sleep he’d gotten. Well, fuck you Steve Rogers. This was fine, a hot shower and coffee and he’d be good as new.
“He won’t let me get any closer.” Rhodey told Steve softly, not even looking at him.
They ended up on his floor, in his office and Steve wondered whether Tony choose that room rather than the bedroom because it was less intimate. Steve followed him in there regardless, pushing the door closed behind him as he watched Tony walk over to the desk, stopping short of it with his arms folded over his chest.
Tony understood instantly, “And he won’t risk it on a plan that wasn’t 100% fool proof. He never believed this plan was going to work. He just wanted us to think he did.”
"At least we'd be together." Bucky spat out, "A family."
“I’m dangerous, you know.” Steve warned him, “If you were smart, you’d walk out that door and wouldn’t look back.”
“How did you get these?” Steve asked, voice dropping lower than before, “I noticed them first time we slept together but I didn’t think it was the right time to ask. It was none of my business.”
He approached cautiously, the condo was still dark so perhaps it was simply kids messing about or looking for cash. Tony was smart enough to know that making their way into an apartment building and heading straight to the top floor was a lot of effort for a couple of junkies looking to fund their next fix.
Tony nodded, “Thanks.”
It was Natasha that spoke, “Things took an unexpected turn with the guy we were tailing for you. We dealt with it.”
The weight of this moment sat like a brick in Steve’s gut. It had been a long time since he had done this, brought someone new into the fold and asked his family to trust his judgement that they would be the right fit. The last one had been Thor, arguably the most difficult for them to get behind because of his bloodied history and his unpredictable nature but the team had voted in his favour. An agreement between them that Thor would be a much better ally than an enemy and if Natasha could see something in him worth saving, if Steve could find enough evidence in the man that prompted him to bring Thor back with him, then they would trust that instinct. Thor was now a member of their family and an invaluable asset to their team.
“To get Rogers.” He glanced at Tony for a second before moving back to Rhodey, “We need to snap him out of this and clean this mess up before anyone else comes looking.”
Bruce was working feverishly, Sam pulling out items from his bag and putting pressure on Bucky’s wound when Bruce needed to get things ready. Natasha had dropped to her knees next to Steve, fingers clutching Bucky’s leg. Her eyes were fearful and desperate, she was afraid. Clint stood behind her, one hand on her shoulder to try and offer her comfort.
“Say it.” Natasha bit out, “Go on, Bucky. Say it.”
Steve wanted to smile, really, he tried but he barely managed a twitch at the corner of his mouth.
“It doesn’t matter where we are, Steve. As long as we’re together. That’s home.” She told him gently, pushing the box towards him at the table.
It couldn’t be over.
Steve ignored the voice in his head that told him this was what love felt like because he was a monster. Monsters couldn’t love. This was lust, this was family, this was addiction and caring and something else.
Tony took the small device from his pocket, clicking the button to emit a short-range frequency. His eyes drifted up to the camera in the corner of the room, watching as the red light clicked off. He could hear noise and action from outside but ignored it. They didn’t have long, less than two minutes now.
Natasha had whipped a knife out from somewhere faster than Steve could blink and she threw it at Sitwell, the blade slicing into his arm. He cried out, his opposite hand automatically going up to press against the wound. One of his men had a gun in his hand and Natasha gracefully back flipped from the path of the bullet.
Steve pulled out again, slamming back in harder than before as he rocked into Tony’s body, flames licking at his stomach and his name spilling from Tony’s mouth.
Steve’s hand slipped lower, palm on Tony’s ass in a streak of possessiveness that rose up suddenly. Tony didn’t show his shock at the move, but Hammer did, “Tony, you’ve met Justin Hammer I see.”
Steve looked like he wanted to say something, but they were out of time. They both startled at the three timid knocks at the door. Their time was up.
Then he was going directly to Steve, to make sure he knew who Rumlow was and why he was such a threat. Tony would happily watch while Steve killed him because Rumlow had dared to come after Rhodey and Peter. He threated Tony’s family, and suddenly he understood Steve a little better. The urge to protect the people he loved, rising in the pit of his chest and overwhelming him until it was the all thing he could focus on.
Steve raised an eyebrow, “Your life isn’t going to mean much to me when I kill you. Why don’t we have a conversation first?”
It was less than thirty minutes later that Clint was walking out of the precinct with a high head and squared shoulders. He made a display of throwing his hands out wide and smelling the air before his eyes found Steve and he headed towards his Captain. Steve was leaning back against a car, hands crossed over his head, keeping his distance from the station but not wanting Clint to be alone.
Steve let out a hiss when Tony’s rutting made his oversensitive cock a little painful. He gently moved his legs slightly, encouraging Tony to shift so he was rutting against his thigh instead. Tony went willingly, using the thick hard muscle as he bucked his hips against Steve’s skin, biting his lip.
Bruce smiled, “I don’t doubt it. I’ll let you get to it; I’ll be in the kitchen so shout me if you need anything.”
Steve sighed, “I’m seeing him.”
The words did the trick, anger flashed in Tony’s eyes, “You want to kill me, go right ahead.” He sneered, “Maybe admitting that you feel something for me will be easier for you when I’m six feet under.”
Tony was still focused on the body, “I had to. I had to.”
“Rogers told me.” Fury confirmed, “You can’t just kill people, not in a police station. Not when they’re members of the police. That isn’t how it fucking works in the real world. Christ, this is a mess.”
He should have left; he should leave now.
Steve pulled at him desperately, there was too much space. Too much worry and anger and fear seeping into the cracks between them. Steve hated it. Not here, not with him. He sucked on Tony’s bottom lip; large hand splayed over Tony’s lower back.
Tony sat back for a moment to appreciate the view, Steve spread out underneath him, white dress shirt rumpled and rising up to show off a section of his stomach. All that corded muscle and strength completely at Tony’s mercy like a well-oiled car engine tuned to his administrations. And Steve thought Tony was the gorgeous one.
“And it wasn’t.” Bucky finished, hair whipping around his face as the wind picked up.
“Okay.” Steve muttered into his stomach, “Okay.” He pushed his head back, hands slipping up Tony’s legs, “I’ll go talk to Nat. We need to find out where Rumlow’s moved production of the bombs in the city. I’ll talk to Fury, see if we can lead a trail for Ross to follow. Maybe T’Challa can use some pull to discredit my name. If we can prove Steve Rogers did die in Afghanistan, then Ross might not bother running the tests to prove he’s The Captain. We need evidence though, something he can’t dispute.”
“I’m not planning for it but I hear you can be volatile.”
“My help for the file you have on me?” Steve guessed.
Tony gave a small huff in his sleep, like he disapproved of Steve’s thinking. Steve knew there would be no going back from this, if his plan worked it would save them all, but it would also destroy his relationship with Tony. He’s relationship with his family. His life.
Steve could feel his heart in his ribcage, could see the tears in Tony’s eyes and knew he saw ones in his own. Steve swallowed thickly, before he dropped to his knees in front of Tony, letting a tear slip down his cheek. Tony look startled and surprised by the move, looking down as Steve knelt before him almost in a bow.
Pierce stepped forward, “Will you? Even with him?” He nodded towards the party and Steve knew he meant Tony, “What is it about a mechanic that appeals so much to you?”
Pierce froze for a second before spinning round with a smile in place, “Captain, it appears we travel in the same circle now.”
“It was dangerous and reckless, and you know it.” Natasha replied, “You could have been killed.”
“Are we playing guess who?” Clint asked with confusion.
Tony paused for a moment, “Just don’t get too close, okay?”
Steve thought of Tony in that moment, of having to tell him his father was dead. Would he be relieved or sad? Would he cry and mourn him even though Howard didn’t deserve it?
“I’m not looking for his approval.” Tony told her honestly, eyes back on Clint as Thor returned with Bruce’s bag.
Steve was a goner as soon as Tony opened his mouth, hips slamming back into his heat once more before Steve was falling over the edge.
Tony couldn’t help but feel nervous has he made his way up to the porch of Steve’s house with his toolbox in hand. Steve had called and asked if he could take a look at a damaged car and Tony had jumped at the chance of seeing him again. It was stupid and reckless and yet Tony couldn’t help himself.
Steve’s car came to a screeching halt in the middle of the shipment yard, giving no regard for parking bays or the noise he made on his approach. Steve was raging, gripping the wheel too tight, eyes catching Tony in the passenger seat, gripping the door handle for dear life as Steve took sharp corners and blinding speeds. Natasha and Thor had come with them, sitting in the back of the car with carefully guarded expressions. Steve caught Nat’s eye in the rear view mirror a couple of times on the drive and always found himself looking away, she needed reassurance and he couldn’t give her that until Rumlow was dead. Which he would be soon, Steve would make sure of it.
“No, I won’t.” Fury agreed, “Ross is blinded on this one. But we can’t leave Rumlow out there to push bombs. Can you stop him?”
“Buck?” He tried, dropping his head a little to try and catch Bucky’s eye.
That was why they called him The God of Thunder after all. Steve shivered at the sound of the hammer shattering bone; Thor always compared it to thunder striking the earth. The damage was on the same scale in Steve’s opinion.
Tony sighed, raising his arm out in front of him and aiming at the wall. To activate the reactor he had to squeeze his fingers around the metal casing, it was a crude system but Tony didn't have the time or equipment to create anything a little more subtle.
Sam shook his head, "Not without you."
“A fighter jet.” Bucky corrected, “And it’s a compliment.”
“I don’t dance.” Steve replied although he was smiling now too, he looked over Tony’s shoulder to see into the sea of guests. Everyone was dancing now; a band had set up in the corner. Even T’Challa was spinning Hill around the dancefloor to a soft melody.
His pleasure was right on the edge, teasing him with every thrust that could be the one to send him falling into the abyss. He was sweaty and tense as he pumped his cock in and out of Tony’s hole, his pace maddening and erratic, fuelled by desire and need rather than teasing and exploring.
He leaned down to kiss Tony softly, wanting to celebrate his small victory with him. He kept it short and sweet, pulling back to see Tony pouting gently. Steve chuckled, giving him another kiss on the forehead before pulling back.
Natasha smiled, that little coy smile like she saw right through him, “Not as well as you did, I imagine. When I showed him to the door after you bolted, he seemed really flustered and dishevelled. You didn’t scare him too much I hope.”
“Then I must be doing something right.” Steve commented as Tony turned to look through the toolbox to his left.
He steadied himself, tasting metal in his mouth and preparing to use the arc reactor again. The footsteps grew louder. A figure rounded the corner into Tony's corridor.
good sex. We sometimes talk. Maybe we just don’t worry about the rest.”
He was so close, he started jogging, taking another corner and another. He could see the sign for an exit up ahead. He started running now, just a little more.
“I don’t know.” Fury sighed, “They aren’t due for a couple of days. Unit’s being headed by a man named Thaddeus Ross. We’ve crossed paths, he’s old school. Brutal and efficient, you can’t reason with him or buy him off. It’d be like offering up paper to stop a hurricane.”
“Why don’t you just go back to having one then?” Steve asked, feeling Tony freeze in his arms. Steve stopped his administrations, sponge pressed again Tony’s collarbone.
Tony laughed, “Honestly, I’m still trying to figure you out.”
“Hydra operates out of the shipment yards that used to manufacture gunpowder. The only place in Brooklyn you’d find traces of that particular mixture trodden into the dirt. Thousands of men treading it into the soil for years on end.” Steve explained.
Tony and Natasha went left, around the back of the building to find the back exit. It would make the most sense for Rumlow to store any explosives further away from the front door. It would be easier to move them out in an emergency then and he’d need to keep them cooler than the rest of the building due to the volatile materials. Thor stayed with him as they went in the front, there were surprisingly few Hydra members waiting for them which meant Natasha was probably right, Rumlow was expecting him.
Steve snarled, “Go to Hell.”
“Don’t start putting those walls up now.” Tony asked gently, “You need sleep.”
“Oh no, we need to have a little chat.” Rhodey called out and Tony wasn’t sure if he was talking to him or to Steve, but it didn’t matter. He couldn’t stop smiling as he walked out of the police station.
Steve felt uncomfortable, leg tapping under the table, “So, you risk your job just like that? Because you think I’m a semi-decent person?”
Ross shoved his chair back and stood up, eyes burning into Steve’s face. Steve was daring him, blue eyes wide with defiance. Then the moment broke, and Ross strode out of the room with a stalk that created more noise than when he had first entered.
One little text couldn’t hurt right? Tony could always ignore it if he didn’t want anything more to do with him and then Steve would have his answer. The decision would be made for him and he could move on with the task at hand.
“I know it’s none of my business, Buck…”
“I’ll never understand how you can balance like that.” Steve mused as Natasha moved back onto her bed to start unlacing the slippers.
Rhodey opened his mouth to speak when the door opened again. He spun round to see Fury in the doorway, Tony stayed focused on Ross.
Rhodey sighed, “I could lose my job.”
Steve sighed, "I am. Everything is up against us right now. Even if we could somehow take down Rumlow and get him on killing these cops... we can't go up against Ross and win. He does this for sport, you think he'll spare any of you? He's coming and he is coming for all of us. I can't protect you from that. If I could, I'd slit Ross' throat myself but all that would do is cause someone else to come after us."
He’d save his family. He’d protect Tony.
“Open your eyes, sweetheart, let me you see like this.” Steve whispered in the space between them, that same term of endearment as before slipping out easily. Tony did as he asked, eyes fluttering open until dark brown met dark blue. Steve rubbed against his prostate faster, pushing a little harder against it and then Tony was coming hard.
“Hello?” He bit out, fighting to keep his voice level and dangerous. He spoke in a low growl, Rumlow wouldn’t hear him waver.
“Bucky enlisted with me and we met Sam and it was fine for a while. We were helping people, defending the little guy who couldn’t defend themselves. Rumlow and his team were brought in on a mission to evacuate a village full of innocents, we’d gotten intel there was a bomb attack. He didn’t much care about sweeping the place for anyone we missed though, he just wanted to get out of there fast. I disagreed, there were still people in their homes scared and we had to get them out. We fought about it, divided the mission. Next thing I know, I’m lying in the desert with a mouth full of sand and no hope of survival.”
“We’ll handle it.” She promised, “Did you get anything useful?”
“He’s growing on me.” Tony conceded, fingers stroking down Steve’s leg, “I came by to pick up the paperwork for SI that I left here yesterday. I couldn’t find it downstairs. Pepper will curse my existence if I show up tomorrow unprepared.”
First, Steve had to get out of there. Then, Tony. They needed to talk, whatever happened or didn’t happen next between them. Steve needed to apologise, he needed to explain. He needed to tell Tony that even though it scared the shit out of him he felt the same way.
The doors slammed shut as the rain started to pour.
“Keep to the side streets. Avoid the highway at all costs.” Fury told him, stepping to one side to clear his path, “When all this is over, if you’re still alive, I might even thank you.”
Steve watched as Sitwell glanced at Thor again, eyes slipping down to the hammer in his hands for a brief moment. He was cataloguing. Doing inventory. Trying to judge which members of Steve’s team to go for first in a fight.
Rumlow chuckled, “You always were smart. I don’t care about them. They can join Hydra or they can leave town. I just need you to topple an empire. That’s how you did it, isn’t it? Killed Phillips, took his place, the start of a new age for Brooklyn.”
This thing that drew him to Steve, it wasn’t just chemical or physical. It wasn’t because of Steve’s alluring glacier blue eyes or his chiselled abs that must have been sculpted from marble. It wasn’t because he knew how to work Tony’s body better than anyone else ever had. It was something a lot more fundamental than that. Steve saw him. For who he was, despite the ugliness of his own survival, despite the flaws that Tony had amounting up in spades. Steve recognised him as a survivor despite knowing nothing about his past. It was like there was something there in the glint of Tony’s eyes or under his skin that Steve instantly recognised and how in the world could he ever try to explain that to Rhodey without sounding crazy?
He nodded, pleased with his decision and went to shower. Hopefully, Peter hadn’t burned his fingers off in the time Tony had been obsessing like some creep over a spare of the moment kiss from a man he’d probably never see again.
Being with Tony like this, it felt right. Even when the whole world was collapsing around his ears and threatening to choke him. Even when everyone in Brooklyn wanted to see him fall. This moment with Tony, any moment with Tony was worth clinging to.
He really hoped he knew was he was doing too.
Tony was acutely aware of Steve’s eyes on him, “Yeah, I got work to do. Peter’s probably managed to electrocute himself by now or he’s accidently invented time travel or something. You never know with that kid.”
Natasha leaned over him, leaning closer to Bucky, “I’m not losing you. I can’t.”
