Squirrel sits opposite of Sam on the floor in front of the board "All right, Sam. This isn't going to work." Sam has his hands poised on the pointer. Squirrel places his fingers on it and slowly, concentrating. slides it to "YES" on the board. Sam gasps. "I'll be damned." Squirrel says surprised. Sam laughs in relief "It's good to hear from you, man. It hasn't been the same without you." Sam says. "Damn straight." Squirrel places his fingers on the pointer again and starts sliding it. "Dean, what? H? U? Hunt? Hunting? What, are you hunting?" the pointer slides back to "YES".
"If there's one thing I am good at it's breaking the rules. The Winchesters do it quite often." Cas tells her. Squirrel looks at Cas "You're Cas aren't you. You're my Angel." Squirrel stated, shocked. Cas blushed a little and nodded. "You're not aloud to do this. It's his time!" Tessa yelled as Cas walked closer to Squirrel. "Dean Winchesters time is not for a long time." Cas said as he touched Squirrels shoulder, sending him back to his body. Cas looked to Tessa "They are now under my protection. Tell death I said hi." with that Cas disappeared.
Dean sighed and smiled at her "You've got a point." "Course I do. I can't believe a Winchester nearly gave up when they had a chance to save someone." Meg said, crossing her arms. While Dean and Meg had been talking Sammy had gone over to their younger counterparts and come up with a plan. "So she's gonna help us?" Squirrel asked, obviously not believing Meg would help them. "Damn right I'm gonna help. But you two better swear to me you don't end up in hell again cause I'm not going back down to save you."
" John told them. The older Winchesters looked at each other and smiled "What are you two smiling about?"Squirrel asked, bring everyone's attention on them. Dean shrugged with a smile.
***************
"Wait...wait."Ed continued, the brothers just kept walking. "What thing about Mordechai you guys?" Harry asked. "Don't tell 'em Sam." squirrel said to his brother. "But if they agree to shut the website down Squirrel." Sam said. "They're not going to do it, you said so yourself." Dean said, looking at Sam as they all stopped walking. "No wait. Wait. Don't listen to him okay? We'll do it. We'll do it." Ed said, stepping in front of Sam. "It's a secret Sam." squirrel said, ignoring Ed. Sammy looked to Ed and Harry and seemed contemplative. Sammy sighed and Ed and Harry turned to look at him.
Meg was looking at the other 10 demons in the room. Azazel said he wanted to question her later. She was chained up against the wall, trying to figure a way out. A fight started somewhere far away but it was obvious something was wrong. 5 of the demons leave to go see what's going on. It goes quiet for a moment before starting back up again. This time it was coming closer to her. The remaining 5 demons getting ready to fight. Blinding light filled the room and the 5 demons where instantly smote.
"So, what am I supposed to do?" Dean asked quietly. Still mainly focusing on feeling up Cas' wings. "J-just...Just straighten out the crooked feathers and pull out the dead ones." Cas explained. Dean nodded and stood. Cas' wings were large, Dean needed to stand to be able to properly reach the top of them. Dean carded his fingers through Cas' feathers, letting the loose one fall. The dead feathers were obvious, they weren't as soft and a slightly lighter shade of black. He worked from the outer edge in, the feathers getting fluffier the closer he got to where the wings connected with Cas' back.
"Hey, what about me?" young Sam asked. "You can sit in the back with future you." Dean said, smiling at the young version of his brother. Both pairs of brothers got into the car "I'm driving next time." Dean said, looking at his younger self. "Fine, sounds fair enough." young Dean said as he started the car.
(f)Dean'S hand  reaches out to a doorbell, (p)Sam's hair slicked back neatly and both in black priest suits. "This has gotta be a whole new low for us." (p)Sam said sighing. "For you, Sammy. I've already done this." (f)Deans says smirking. "I don't get why you don't just tell us what's going on then. Save us a lot of time and possibly trouble." (p)Sam says, glaring at his brother. "No screwing with time Sammy." (f)Dean tell him and looks back at the door.
"Yes ma'ma." Sammy and Dean said at the same time. Cas chuckled and shook his head. The group walked out of the Roadhouse and all stood by the Impala. "So how's the car situation gonna work?" Squirrel asked. "You guys can take Baby. Cas can fly me and Sammy back to the bunker." Dean said. "Right. I keep forgetting the tax accountant in a trench coat  is an angel, with wings." Squirrel said. "We'll see you guys later." Sammy said, waving to their counterparts at Cas grabbed him and Dean.
"Sam! Get the altar." (p)Dean told his brother. (p)Sam walks over to the altar and overturns it. Suddenly, the shadow demon appears and grabs Meg. She is dragged across the floor and crashes through the window, falling down to the street below. (p)Sam grabs his knife and cuts (p)Dean free from his ropes. They all walk over to the window and see Meg sprawled on the sidewalk, "dead".
Sammy rolled his eyes as he walked up beside Dean "Ya, you don't believe a lot of things. Doesn't mean they're not true." Sam muttered, John glaring at him. "I came over here to tell you the name situation. So neither you nor us get confused later." Dean said, not wanting to get in a fight after just waking up. John looked back to him "What about the name situation? My boys are Sam and Dean, that's that." John said matter of factly, crossing his arms. Dean just rolled his eyes.
(p)Dean looked confused for a second "How-Oh, right. Future." (f)Sam gave a light chuckle and shook his head. "The landlady said it looked like an animal attack. Maybe it was—werewolf?" (p)Dean asked looking hopefully at (f)Sam. "No, no werewolf, the lunar cycle's not right. Plus, if it was a creature, it would've left some kind of trace." (f)Sam told him. (p)Dean frowned and observes the blood on the carpet, seeming to notice something. "See if you can find any masking tape around." he told (f)Sam.
"Once. We were, uh...we were investigating this old house and we saw a vase fall right off the table..." Ed told them. "By itself." Harry tagged on. "Well, we, we we we didn't actually see it, we heard it. And something like that...it uh...it changes you." Ed stuttered out, trying to act cool. "Yeah. I think I get the picture. We should go, let them get back to work." Squirrel said to his brother. "Yeah, you should." Ed said. Harry looked back over at the older Winchesters "Who are you two?" he asked. "The fuckers from Texas." Dean said with a smirk and half a solute.
(p)Dean and (f)Sam climbed back out the window a few minutes later. They all went back to the Impala, Future Winchesters in the back, past Winchesters in the back. "I'm telling you there was nothing in there. No signs either, just like the Miller's house." (p)Dean told his brother. as they were driving. "I saw something, in the vision. Like a dark shape. Something was ....something was stalking Roger." "Whatever it was, are you sure it's not connected to their house?" (p)Dean asked his brother.
"This is Meg, we're not gonna lie to you, she's a demon." Dean said, Meg waving. "Why'd you bring her here?" Max asked. "She's from our time, well, she died actually. She needs a place to stay." Sam said. "It'll be like I'm not even here." Meg said. Max seemed to calm down after some reassurance that Meg wouldn't do anything. "Well, I'm gonna call it a night." Dean said, heading towards his room. "I'm with Dean, I'm turning in." Sam said. This had been an interesting day.
Squirrel stared at Dean for a second, Sam was left speechless "Dad...gets possessed?" Squirrel asks. "We get Azazel out of him so please don't bring the Colt." Sammy said. "We all want to kill Azazel. Hell, I mean, we're the ones who went and got Sam at school!" Dean said, Squirrel scoffs. "You're the one who dragged me back into this, Dean. I'm just trying to finish it." Sam said to his brother. Squirrel sighed and took the Colt out of his jacket, he showed it to Sam and Dean and put it in the trunk.
They are walking through the orchard and see the scarecrow on its post. They walks over to it and looks at it for a second. "Dude, you're fugly." young Dean says the scarecrow doesn't move. Dean notices a sickle in the scarecrow's hand and a design on its arm, he takes a ladder from a nearby tree and climbs to the top so that he is eye level with the scarecrow. He moves its clothing and recognizes the design from Vince's tattoo. He pulls out Vince's flyer and compares the designs, which are exactly the same. He looks at the scarecrow again. "Nice tat."
The brothers were at a trailer park, going to talk to Ed and Harry. Dean pounded on Ed and Harry's trailer door, hearing some yelp in surprise inside. "Come on out here guys, we hear you in there." Squirrel said. Ed and Harry stick their heads out the door "Ah, would you look at that! Action figures in their original packaging -- what a shock." Squirrel said sarcastically.  "Guys, we need to talk." Dean said. "Yeah, um, sorry guys. We're ahhh, a little bit busy right now." Ed told them.
John has finished the chalk symbol, has placed several candles and a black bowl around it. He is incanting in Latin. He slides a knife across his palm, drawing blood and dripping it on the bowl. He lights a match and drops it in; the sand in the bowl flares and goes out. John stands, looking around. A hand grabs his shoulder. "What the hell are you doing down here, buddy?" a man asked. "I can explain." John said. "Yeah? You're going to explain to security. Come on. You follow me." John pulls out the Colt and cocking it.
"You're not my Dad." Squirrel has the gun pointed at John. "Dean, it's me." John says, raising his hands. "I know my Dad better than anyone. And you ain't him." Squirrel said, not backing down. "And you lied to us." Squirrel says, looking to the future Winchesters. "What the hell's gotten into you?" John barked. "I could ask you the same thing. Stay back." Squirrels voice lowered as he glared at John. Sam comes into the room and is shocked to see his brother pointing the gun at John. "Squirrel? What the hell's going on?" Sam asked carefully.
Dean took a breathe "You need to go to the bunker." "For how long?" John asked, crossing his arms. "A while. Basically you have to live there." Dean continued. John growled "I will do no such thing. I need to find the Demon!" he yelled, taking a step forward. Dean cringed, he knew this was gonna happen. "Well that's to bad cause you can't." Sammy said, glaring. "You don't get to tell me what to do boy." John said darkly. Bobby came over and stepped directly in front of John "Listen here, you are lucky to even be alive right now. We are trying not to absolutely fuck up time so you can't help." Bobby told him sternly.
All the Winchester brothers are in a room, Sam and Squirrel are packing. Dean is eating a burger while Sammy is reading. John enters "So boys." They turn to face him. "Yes sir." Sam says. "You ignored a direct order back there." John said. "Yes sir." Sam nodded. "Yeah but we saved your ass." Squirrel told him. Sam looks sideways at Squirrel, nervously. John looks steadily at Squirrel who swallows. "You're right." John finally says. "I am?" Squirrel asks. "It scares the hell out of me. You two are all I've got. But I guess we are stronger as a family. So...we go after this damn thing. Together."
Stopping, Squirrel turned around in his seat and looked at everyone "Okay, I get it. We've all been stuck together a little longer then we all want but fighting isn't helping. Sam, yelling at them to tell the future obviously isn't working. Just get used to the fact that they aren't gonna tell us everything. Sammy, you are only making it worse by yelling back. Dean, playing stupid id only going to escalate things. Now I don't want to hear another word from anyone for the rest of the car ride." Squirrel said, turning back around and started driving.
***************
(f)Sam frowned and looked at his brother "I don't like how we fought about me going back to school, especially since it never happened." (f)Sam shrugged. They were all quiet for a bit. "We should get going." (f)Dean said, grabbing a few weapons. Everyone else followed suit and headed out the door.
Sam and Dean returned back to the motel by about midnight, having successfully gotten the key to the bunker (don't ask how). Knocking on (p)Sams door, (p)Sam was luckily still awake, Max was right behind him. "Let's go Max, it's a long drive." Dean said. Max smiled and waved goodbye to (p)Sam, getting in the impala.
(I swear all this is important)
Dean opened his eyes, not remembering much after losing a but to much blood and passing out. He couldn't see very well but he had a good clue on where he was by the smell around him. Dean opened his eyes and ya, as he suspected, he was in hell. He was shackled to a wall and Sammy was shacked next to him on his left. Thorn was tied up on the other end of the room they were in. Both others still knocked out from whatever happened. Dean tried to get out of his bonds but the door opened.
*************
Dean is driving, following Johns truck. Squirrel is beside him, reading aloud about vampires "
"I'm Dean from the future, 15 years to be exact." older Dean said with his hands still raised. "How do we know you're telling the truth and that you're not a shapeshifter?" young Dean said, looking at him skeptically. "Silver hurts shifters, give me a silver knife and I'll prove I'm human." Young Sam went and got a silver knife and gave it to older Dean. Dean gave himself a small cut on his arm "See? Not a shifter." he said, handing the knife back to young Sam.
Ms.Miller walks away and (f)Dean immediately takes more cocktail sausages from the coffee table. Chewing contentedly, he looks at (p)Sam shaking his head. "What?" "Just...tone it down a little bit, Father." "Gladly." (f)Dean says, making his brother raise a brow. "What's up with you?" (p)Sam asked. (f)Dean looked at him confused "You're looking like you are struggling to say most of your sentences. Like you have to force them out." (p)Sam elaborated.
Squirrel took a second to process what Dean had said, barely able to understand his last sentence. He blinked a couple times while Squirrel caught his breathe and finally said something. "So, you're telling me that we made Cas happy. And that he liked us, in that way. That because he told us how he felt he died. And that he hadn't been truly happy until then." Squirrel said dumbfounded. Dean nodded "Ya, that's the gist of it." Squirrel ran his hands through his hair. "You can ask more later. Didn't you say we have to get to Colorado?" Dean asked. Squirrel nodded and they headed back to the impala.
"Well, that's why we're here. To see what went wrong and stop it from happening again." (p)Dean told her. " Now, ma'am, you found the body?" (f)Sam asked. "Yeah." "Right after it happened?" (p)Dean asked. " No. Few days later. Meredith's work called—she hadn't shown up. I knocked on the door. That's when I noticed the smell." "Any windows open? Any sign of break-in?" "No, windows were locked, front door was bolted. Chain was on the door, we had to cut it just to get in."
They were all quite, (p)Dean glaring at the older Winchesters, (p)Sam went to stare out the window and the older Winchesters were staring at the road. "He has a point," (p)Sam said, making his older self turn to look at him. "It's not like we're asking for you to tell us where dad is or anything. Just to save us some time on research or checking a house. You could have saved us time and let us get away sooner if you had told us nothing was in the house." (p)Sam said, starting to glare at his older self.
"You got something?" Sammy asked. "I dunno. Some scratches on the floor." Squirrel told him. "Death throes maybe?" Sam said. Squirrel nodded absently "Yeah, maybe." Dean grabs a page from a notebook, places it over the marks and rubs a pencil lead over it to get an outline "Or maybe a message." Dean said. Dean peels up the paper, which has a lot of blood on the back, and rubbings of characters; he hands the paper to Sam "Look familiar?" "Three letters, six digits. The location and combination of a post office box. It's a mail drop." Sam said. "Just the way Dad does it." Squirrel added.
"Okay you made your point tough guy. Look we're all tired, we can talk about this later. Sammy, I mean it, come on." Squirrel said, Sammy still holding him back. Sam reluctantly turns around and starts walking back to the Impala. Dean however continues to glare at John. "This is why I left in the first place." Sam mumbled at he walked away. Johns attention instantly snapped back to him "What'd you say?"he growled. "You heard me."Sam said swinging back around. "Yeah. You left. Your brother and me, we needed you. You walked away, Sam." John was getting more angry the more he spoke.
The other three nodded "Can the Dean's share a room and me and my future self share a room?" "I actually second this." Sam said. "I'm not that bad of a roommate." both Dean's said at once. Each Sam gave their respective brother their signature bitch face. "Alright" both Deans said "the doubles will share a room." Dean said and his past self nodded. "We call this room." past Dean said.
***************
"Ed Zeddmore and Harry Spengler? Hellhoundslair.com. You guys run that website?" Sam asked. "Yeah. You guys fans?" Ed asked. "Oh yeah, yeah, we're huge fans." Squirrel said, slight sarcasm evident in his voice. "And ahh, we know who you guys are too." Ed said. Squirrel and Sam both look at him sharply "Oh yeah?" Sam asked. "Amateurs." Squirrel immediately loses interest "Looking for ghosts and cheap thrills." "Yep." Harry said, finally looking away from the older Winchesters "So if you guys don't mind, we're trying to conduct a serious scientific investigation here." "Yeah, what have you got so far?" Squirrel asked.
"I just wanted to stretch my wings. It's been so long since I've had them." Cas explained. Dean smiled and nodded in understanding. "Here," Cas grabbed Dean's hand "let me show you what I found." Dean shifted nervously, still not a fan of any type of flying. Cas could tell Dean was nervous and gently wrapped his other hand around Dean's waist. "Dean, close your eyes and hold onto me," Cas said quietly. Dean took a deep breath and grabbed onto Cas' trench coat; closing his eyes.
Sam rolls his eyes "Nice. Thanks." he said sarcastically. Moving to get in the car (p)Dean tells (p)Sam "Come on, lets just pick this up in the morning. We'll check out the house, talk to the family." "Dean, you saw them, they're devastated They're not going to want to talk to us." (f)Sam interjected. "Yeah you're right. But I think I know who they will talk to." "Who?" (p)Sam asks his brother. (p)Dean smirks.
"Sam, we've been looking for Dad all year. Now we're not with him for more than a couple of hours and there's static already?" Squirrel asked his brother, both older Winchesters trying not to say anything. "Hmph. No. Look, I'm happy he's okay, all right? And I'm happy that we're all working together again." Sam said.  "Well good."Squirrel nodded. "It's just the way he treats us, like we're children." Sam said, unable to help himself. "Oh God." Squirrel groaned. "He barks orders at us Squirrel he expects us to follow 'em without question. He keeps us on some crap need-to-know deal." Sam said angrily.
"You ain't mad that I like dupes?" Dean asked. John pulled away slightly and looked down at Dean "Did I ever make you think that was a problem?" He looked between Dean and Sammy and they both slightly nodded "A little." Sammy muttered. "I never meant-that isn't a problem Dean." John said as he finally let go of Dean. Dean sat up and and scooched  back a small bit. "Is it the person you called angel?" John asked. "Uh.." Dean trailed, Sammy snorting and covering his smile with his hand when John looked over.
"I bet you’re real proud of your kids, too, huh? Oh wait, I forgot. I wasted ‘em." Squirrel snarked. "Do I look dead to you?" Thorn yelled. "Technically, yes. You did die cause you were human and died." Sammy said. "I have half a mind to punch you." Thorn growled. Dean chuckled under his breathe. Azazel blinked, surprised to be interrupted again "Can you stop interrupting? I am trying to be menacing here." Azazel growled annoyed. "Your not very good at it." Squirrel muttered. Azazel's head snaps to Squirrel, his eyes glowing yellow and Squirrel screams in pain. "No!" Sam jerked, trying to get off the wall.
Dean hummed and drummed his fingers on the steering wheel, Zeppelin playing loudly in the Impala. Sammy was sitting next to his brother and Meg was in the backseat. Sammy turned to look at her "Why did you want to come again?"he asked her. "The bunker was getting boring, there's only so much I can take of being stuck in one place for so long." Meg replied, looking out the window. "Fair enough." Sammy said as he turned back around. They weren't to far from the motel the younger Winchesters were staying but Sam wanted to hurry, he had a bad feeling.
Both Ed and Harry gave them confused looks and Sammy elbowed his brother in the ribs. Dean cringed and took a small step away from his brother. "We're with them. They're our brothers." Sammy said. "Why do you two of you look so similar?" Ed asked. "Coincidence, really odd coincidence." Dean said, walking over to his younger self. "Well, we'll be off now." Sammy said, gesturing for the other Winchesters to follow. Exiting the house they all walked back to the Impala. "So," Sam started as they all got in "you guys are gonna save us time on research for that symbol?"
"Your brother's lost his mind." John told him, giving Sam a slight glance. "He's not Dad." Squirrel growled out. "What?" Sam asked confused. "I think he's possessed. I think he's been possessed since we rescued him." Squirrel told his brother. "There's no way. Dean and Sammy would have told us otherwise." Sam said in disbelief. "No. Somethings been off about this whole situation and I think I know what. They're working for the other side, that's how they came back in time." Squirrel accused, voice raising the more he spoke. "Don't listen to him, Sam." John yelled back to him.
Thorn disappeared, and John stormed off. Bobby started walking around the parking lot as Sammy and Dean went to go rent rooms for the night. When they came back to the truck Thorn had come back and Bobby had stopped walking. "Alright, pick a bunk buddy." Dean told them. "Me and Dean are sharing a room." Sammy said. John walked over to them "What did I miss?" "Bunk buddies. Pick. Angel, Demon, or Bobby." Dean ginned, no matter what John wasn't gonna be happy. "Bobby?" John asked. Bobby shrugged his shoulders and grabbed his bag. "Alright, Thorn and Cas are sharing I guess." Dean muttered.
"Nope but I'm not surprised." he said after a few seconds. Dean laughed and John walked over "What are you two talking about?" he asked. "Vampires." Dean said smiling. Sammy nudged Dean with his elbow and walked of, Dean following close behind. John watched them walk of in confusion "What is going on with those two?" he muttered to himself. John walked back to his truck, he could question them more later. Dean and Sammy caught up with their counterparts and Dean slid into the drivers seat. Squirrel got in next to him and both Sams hopped in the back.
"I'll talk to him- me- you know what I mean." Squirrel said, jogging after his counterpart. After catching up with Dean Squirrel slowed down to walk beside him "Mind telling me what's up?" he asked. Dean gave him a side glance but said nothing, making Squirrel huff "You've been acting like this for weeks just tell me." Squirrel said, slightly frustrated. "I mean, I'll understand better then anyone since, you know, I am you." Squirrel said nudging Dean with his elbow. Dean stopped walking and looked at the ground, closing his eyes and taking a deep breathe he turned to face his counterpart.
Sammy nodded "Ya-" he started but was interrupted by Dean "But we need to get something to eat." Squirrel nodded in agreement with his counterpart. "Alright, food it is then." Sammy said. Both Deans smiled and Dean started driving. "Can you give us some background while we drive?" Sam asked, turning to look and his older self. "Well there isn't a Mordechai but there was a Martin Murdock who lived in that house in the '30s. He did have children but only two of them, both boys, and there's no evidence he ever killed anyone."Sammy said.
"It's in the hospital, what you're hunting? Do, do you know what it is?" "One question at a time, dude." Squirrel said, shaking his head. "What is it?" Sam asked. The pointer slides again during the following, to R, E, A, P. "I don't think it's killing people. I think it's taking them. You know, when their time's just up." Squirrel said. "A reaper. Dean. Is it after you?" Sam asked. The pointer slides to YES. "If it's here naturally, there's no way to stop it." Sam tells his brother. "Yeah, you can't kill death." (everyone reading this just yelled bullshit)
Both Dean's were in their motel room, cleaning their weapons. The Sam's walked in, having left to go do some research. "What do you have?" (f)Dean asked them. "A whole lotta nothing. Nothing bad has happened in the Miller house since it was built." (p)Sam told them. "What about the land?" (p)Dean asked. "No grave yards, battle fields, tribal lands or any other kind of atrocity on or near the property." (f)Sam told him, sinking onto one of the beds with his counterpart.
"Hey. How stupid do you think I am?" he asked. Azazel's eyes start glowing "You really want an honest answer to that?" Two possessed men in lab coats stalk by and take positions behind John. "You conjuring me, John. I'm surprised. I took you for a lot of things. But suicidally reckless wasn't one of them." "I could always shoot you."John tells him. "You could always miss." Azazel laughs "And you've only got one try, don't'cha? Did you really think you could trap me?" he asked. "Oh, I don't want to trap you."John tells him, lowering the gun. "I want to make a deal." Azazel looks intrigued.
"Brainwashed wood nymph?" Bobby asked. "Ya, her name was Mrs.Butters. She helped us celebrate a bunch of holidays, brought the bunker up to full power, made us lunch, was a little crazy, and tried to kill me and Jack. Used as a weapon to kill Nazis, eventually came to her senses and went back to the woods." Dean listed. Both older men blinked "You say that as if it's all normal. Who would brainwash a wood nymph to kill Nazis?" John asked. "Some guy who wanted me to be part of his collection," Dean said, taking a swig of his coffee. Bobby nodded, though clearly confused.
It was dawn, Dean and Sam were back at Hell House. Emergency vehicles and men move around. The girl's body is bought out on a stretcher. Dean and Sam approach a man standing outside. "What happened?" Sam asked. "A coupla cops say a girl hung herself in the house." a man said. "Suicide?" "Yeah. She was a straight A student, with a full ride to UT too. It just don't make sense." the man said, walking away. "Whaddaya think?" Dean asked. "I think maybe we missed something." Sam said, Dean nodded.
Dean gets Sam onto his feet and Sam look at the dead man. The demon is dead and so is the man it was possessing. "Come on. We got to get out of here." Dean said, pushing Sams shoulder lightly. Sam glares at his brother before starting to walk to the Impala. Sammy and Thorn are helping John walk and Dean slows down so he can be aside his counterpart. Dean stops Squirrel with a hand on his chest, holding his hand out in front of him. Squirrel looks down at Deans hand before understanding. Growling quietly Squirrel gives Dean the Colt.
John looked puzzled "What do you mean I'm lucky to be alive?" "What he means is that the first time this happened Cas wasn't there to save you when you made that deal. You sold your life for mine. Dad, you died." Dean explained, voice trailing off. Cas gripped his arm reassuringly. John looked down "So I can't help?" "Dad if we weren't concerned about screwing up time we would let you help. Honest." Sammy said. "What's so wrong with messing up time a little bit?" John asked.
"I prepared you with my grace," Cas said, leaning down and kissing the small of Dean's back. "I can't wait any longer." with that Cas thrust into Dean. Bottoming out in one thrust. Dean moaned in ecstasy, digging his fingers into the ground. "Dean, you're so warm and tight." Cas said, wrapping his arms round the hunters waist. Dean couldn't respond, getting lost in the feeling of Cas' cock dragging along his walls. Cas started thrusting, slowly building up pace. Cas was soon plowing into Dean, pressing himself against the hunters back.
Sam swiped his phone back "No, that's not it." he tried to convince (f)Dean that he wasn't lying. "What's her name Sam?" (f)Dean asked. "Meg Masters." (f)Dean went silent. Sam honestly thought he hung up. "No, you guys don't become a thing. We do know her though..." (f)Dean trailed off. "We should be back soon, couple of hours or so. Don't do anything stupid." before Sam could say anything (f)Dean hung up.
Sam sighed "What do we know about the first victim. Any connection?" Dean asked. "Not that I can tell—I mean, not yet, at least. Ben was a banker, Meredith was a waitress. They never met, never knew anyone in common—they were practically from different worlds." Sam said. "So, to recap, the only successful intel we've scored so far is the bartender's phone number." Dean smirks. Sam noticed something on the other side of the room. Dean looked around. "What?" Sam gets up and begins walking away. "Sam?" Sam continues to walk away.
(f)Dean sighed 'I get Sam but how did Cas put up with me?' suddenly Dean remembers all the times Cas beat the shit out of him for being an idiot 'Never mind'. "Look, would you rather have more saved people or know more about the future?" (f)Dean asked his counterpart. (p)Dean looked to the ground, already knowing what his answer would be (f)Sam gave Max the key to his room. "You two can share a room while we're gone." he said gesturing between (p)Sam and Max.
The brothers spray the couple with holy water from their tanks, making sure not to hit Thorn, and it burns them. Dean punches the man and shoves him into a closet. "Come on!" Dean yells. Sam grabs the woman off the table and shoves her in as well. Dean and Sammy lean against the door and it lurches as the demons inside try to get out. "Hurry up!" they both yell. Sam grabs a canister of salt from the duffel bag and runs a line around the closet door. As soon as he finishes it the pounding stops.
Gabriel let out a slow, deep sigh. Sylvia reached over and squeezed his shoulder. “Do you think the kid might be okay with things if I… pop in for a visit? See if he needs a hand? Haven’t seen the old homestead in a hot minute.”
She pulled her phone out of her pocket and handed it to him. “
Dean knocked on the door, then wiped his palms on his pants. All the times he’d knocked on doors in all kinds of nerve-wracking situations and here he was getting sweaty palms over Cas? C’mon, it’s just Cas, he told himself. Just-
After eating his disappointing eggs, Castiel cleaned the kitchen once again, and then he stepped out onto the back deck. It was a lovely spring day, and he wandered around the back yard. Sylvia’s yard was a spacious sprawl of small trees and shrubberies with grassy paths between. There was a gurgling fountain nestled between the deck and the door to the basement, and bird feeders and bird houses everywhere. He took a lot of photos with his new phone of the prettier views of the yard before thinking that perhaps Dean might enjoy another selfie. He experimented with this feature for a while, sitting on a bench with a flowery cherry tree behind him, until he managed a photo of his face that he hoped captured him at his best. After a moment of doubt, he finally hit send.
“Let me guess, you too?” Asked Dean raising a brow.
Dean sat up, pulling his shirt down and around his knees. It was still pulled up over his butt, which pressed into the wooden table. His face flushed red and his breathing was still heavy. The lingering end of his orgasm fading.
“It’s new for me, ya know. I know what to do when it comes to women, not for when it comes to me being a woman.”
“Screw it,” Sam exclaimed as he quickly walked towards Dean.
“That was funny?” Castiel asked, confused by Dean’s laughter.
“Sorry, it’s just…”
“Dean, I..”
“Dean, come here.”
Sam was already awake, his side of the bed was empty. Dean stretched out before pulling back the covered to get out of bed. He could hear the faint sounds of Sam and Cas talking somewhere in the bunker. He stumbled across the room, still naked from the night before.
Turning the shower off and stepping out he grabbed a towel and wrapped it around his waist. Making his way back to his room, he walked past Sam’s open door. Sam was sitting on the edge of his bed taking off his boots.
“Sammy, I’ve never…”
Cas swallowed as he looked at Dean. The way the oversized shirt clung to his hips, framing his breast, it made the angel’s mouth go dry. He wanted so badly to rip the shirt from the hunter’s body, exposing his nakedness. He wanted to watch as his nipples harden from the cold air and to trace his fingers along every curve and dip of Dean’s body.
“If you’re Dean, then say it. Say the word we use when we are in trouble.”
. Smiling, he plunged his middle finger into the cavern of his vulva. Feeling every part he could, exploring his new pussy.
***********************************************************
“Sammy?” Dean asked as he popped his head in.
Dean gave him a puzzled look, confused as to why Sam couldn’t just tell him. He read the words on the tablet, an article on ancient curses. One paragraph was highlighted.
Dean stopped, not wanting Sam to be spent just yet, even though he now knew his brother could last a while. Standing up he gave Sam room to get up.
“Sammy!”
The three continued to talk for a bit longer, figuring out how things would work. They were hopeful for the morning. After another hour they all made their way to their rooms, ready to settle in for the night. Dean knew they both wanted to be with him that night, but he needed to sleep for the spell to take affect.
“You got everything?” Interrupted Sam.
Sam felt his cock get instantly hard as Dean began to rub his dick over his jeans. Dean got down on his knees, spreading Sam’s legs open. Sam quickly unzipped his pants and undid his belt. The older Winchester pulled them off, pushing them to the side.
Cas looked down, “Dean, I don’t know why you and Sam did what you did. But I think I understand. Humans…. humans have complicated emotions. I remember having them when I was human for that brief time. They were confusing and strange. The fact that you are brothers makes it even stranger. But, well, you’ve read the Bible. It’s not unheard of to angels.”
“So both of you with me, or all of us together?” Asked Dean.
“I can get used to this,” Dean said in a breathy voice.
“That’s surprising,” muttered Dean under his breath as he pulled his shirt over his chest.
Rowena smiled, “Well of course. Have you seen yourself? Like this and normally? I have thought about you in such a manner on several occasions. No shame there, Dean Winchester.”
“Yeah, I’m going to call Rowena to get her to reverse this. This is too weird.”
Sam got on the bed behind Cas and grabbed the bottle. Cas positioned himself for Sam, who began to rub the outside of his hole before plunging two fingers into him stretching him open. Soon Sam pulled out and replaced his fingers with his own cock. Cas moaned as Sam pushed into him to the base. He made Cas push deeper into Dean as well.
Over burgers and beers, the four of them talked about the curse and how exactly it happened. The boys left out the details of the past few days, not wanting to have an even more awkward dinner. Rowena had known the witches, she was glad that they were dead.
He felt like he was going to explode and the first orgasm came quickly. He yelled out their names in a breathy voice as he squirted over Cas’ stomach and cock. The hunter and angel never lost their pace, only going faster and harder than before.
“Dean, we need to talk.”
“What?”
Sam looked up over his laptop. “Dean, you could at least run a brush through your hair.”
It was difficult but not impossible to undo the angels belt and pants with one hand, Cas helped at least. Soon Cas’ trench coat and dark blue suit was on the floor as well, and his cock was waiting for the hunter.
“Can someone explain what is going on?”
Sam got up and went to them. He took off Castiel’s coat and suit jacket. Dean began to help and undressed Cas the rest of the way before turning to Sam to help him as well. Soon the three of them were naked, hard and ready.
“Okay, well, what were you thinking, Dean?”
“What’s going on?” Cas asked, puzzled by the sight before him.
“No judgement from me. I’m happy for you boys,” the witch said smiling. She continued, “I better be going then, I did my job.”
“So, tomorrow,” Sam said quietly.
“Oh, well it’s not how I expected my day to end.”
“Okay. Just saying.”
“So, what are you going to do while you wait for Rowena?” Asked Cas.
The two hunters and their angel stopped, frozen. Rowena was here early. They could hear her heels click against the hard floor as she made her way to the library. They had forgotten that she could get in, and she just had to show up at the worst possible time.
“You have the same tattoo and the burn mark on your shoulder. No one else has that scaring.”
“Sooner or later you are going to want to fuck me,” laughed Dean.
Dean put on a black t-shirt, it was too big on his small frame. It hung halfway down his thighs. Realizing it was basically a dress on him, he shrugged. The air felt nice between his legs, it was freeing. He made his way to the bathroom to get ready for the day, brushing his teeth and hair.
His legs began to shake as he began to come. Sam now had two hands on Dean’s head, as he roughly slammed into him. Tears formed in Dean’s eyes, not from pain or sadness, but from the amount of force in which Sammy fucked his face. As well as the struggle of holding his mouth stretched wide for so long.
“I… uh… I got cursed. It’s temporary. Three days.”
Dean suddenly realized how tired he was and his eyes grew heavy. He rolled over facing Cas and put his arms around him. Sam mirrored him and held Dean, legs pushed under his. Cas turned and faced Dean, embracing him. Cas watched as Dean’s eyes slowly closed, and he noticed Sam’s was doing the same.
Rowena was admiring the vintage cars while Cas told her about the men of letters a bit more. They finally noticed Dean and made their way over to him. Rowena smiled at the success of the spell, admiring her work.
“Why are you apologizing, I had a good time.”
“Dean,” Sam said softly, holding out his hand.
“I’m sorry, it’s becoming difficult,” Cas said turning towards Dean before making his way to the door.
Sam and Dean both dreamt of the past day, of each other, and how they felt. Sam woke in the middle of the night, and watched Dean next to him for a moment before falling back to sleep. But before he could return to his slumber he said what had been lingering in the back of his head for years now, a truth he had been so afraid to say aloud all this time.
The two exploded against each other in a fit of pleasure. Cumming together they held on tightly, moaning each other’s names. Cas gave a few more, slower, thrust into Dean before exiting. Dean was out of breath, his heart racing. Cas smiled down at him as he helped him up off of the table.
But it was weird, why would Sam suddenly be so turned on by Dean in this new cursed female body. There had to be more to this. Sam opened his laptop and began to search the web, looking for anything about a curse like this, and if there was more to it than just the body.
Dean looked at his brother, “Food?”
Rowena broke the kiss off and pushed his hand away. Dean gave her a confused look but didn’t push it. Rowena smiled at him, she wanted badly to continue but knew better.
“Well, that would explain somethings,” Cas said to himself.
Dean sat down across from Cas, taking a large gulp of his coffee. Cas watched him, as he had done for years now. Dean was used to the angel hovering, awkward as it may be. And no matter how many times he told him not to, he always did.
“Yes, well, it seems she forgot something,” replied Cas.
Dean woke up, thankful it was the last day of the curse. Rowena would be here, hopefully. He wanted it to be over with. He loved the sex, he was Dean Winchester after all. But knowing that the curse was affecting Sam and Cas, even if it was nice, was hard.
“Is that what you want? For things to be like they were?” Sam asked.
Cas was overwhelmed with the feeling. His cock deep in Dean, being squeezed by his tight ass. And his own hole being stretched out by Sam. Sam gripped Cas’s waist tightly, moving him back and forth on his cock. The angel was tight and hot, he grunted as Sam slammed into him.
Dean quickly stood up and began to grab his clothes, getting dressed quickly. Sam picked up his boxers and shoved them on, covering his nakedness.
“No need to be nervous. They love you, and I know you love them. You will figure it out. Now come on, Sam made dinner.”
“Dean, I see that you have tasted the pleasures of your new female body fairly quickly. And with your own brother,” Rowena smirked and clicked her tongue. “The angel too. You’ve been busy, no judgement here.”
Dean groaned.
Dean was taken back. He hadn’t expected that, but understood. “Oh, okay. Yeah, probably for the best.”
Sam pushed his lips together in a flat smile. “I guess we just have to deal with it. I’m not sure.”
Dean tilted his head back, holding onto the back of Sam’s head, guiding him. He felt himself getting closer and closer to coming. Sam knew Dean was close and began to work faster and harder. He wanted Dean to fill his mouth, to let his come overflow. He needed to taste him.
Sam watched as Dean’s green eyes rolled back, his lips parted as a moan escaped his lips. He felt his pussy quiver around his cock as he slammed into him harder, feeling his orgasm build and build.
Dean looked down finally as saw it. His body was different. He had firm breast, his waist was smaller, skin softer. He was a girl. His eyes grew wide, panic set in as well as slight confusion.
Making his way to the library he found Sam, already at the table in his usual spot, with his laptop open. He was reading someone with a serious look on his face. As per usual. Dean plopped down across from him, bored. It sucked not being about to go out on a case, three days in the bunker was going to drive him mad. Even with all the fucking happening.
Sam and Cas stood there while Dean was still seated on the bed. Just looking at anything but each other. They all knew what they were thinking. This curse was pulling them to Dean. Pulling them to want to lay with him and taste him. Cas and Sam’s mind lingered on the fantasies in their heads. Sam knew there was no turning back at this point. But Cas wasn’t sure what he was to do.
They turned to look at the entrance to the kitchen. Cas stood there smiling. He had heard everything, he came back to grab something. He wanted this more than anything.
“It feels weird. Not bad weird but also not good weird. Just… weird. I am curious about, well you know.”
“So, now what?” Sam asked.
Dean nodded.
“I’m fairly certain your life isn’t going to be exactly normal. Castiel here told me what you boys decided last night,” stated Rowena.
Dean cried out as his stomach rolled from the intense feeling. He let his head hang back as he gripped his toes on the edge of the table. Castiel’s tongue swirled around his clit before taking it into his mouth. He sucked hard on Dean’s clit before pulling back his tongue darted fast back and forth across the tip.
“Dean!”
She could feel the heat between her legs, and the wetness that grew there. Pushing it out of her mind the best she could, she walked towards the boys. She placed the large bag that hung on her elbow on the table next to where Dean still sat.
“What if…. what if we were together?” Questioned Sam, raising a brow.
Behind the closed door of his bedroom Dean stood, shocked by what just happened, and embarrassed that Cas caught them. It was going to be a long three days, and even longer rest of their lives. Part of him was ashamed, ashamed of what they had done, even though it felt right. Right, but off. Dean had always felt something different for Sam, a feeling that he knew he shouldn’t have. His heart fluttered when Sam was near, he tried for years to ignore it.
Cas slammed in and out of Dean’s tight pussy. He pushed Dean back onto the table, giving Sam warning to pull out for a moment. He lifted Dean’s legs up and over his shoulder, gripping his thighs. Sam quickly pushed past Dean’s lips and continued to pump into his throat.
Dean stepped forward, Sam grabbed him by the waist and lifted him up and onto his lap. Dean felt Sam’s cock under him as it rubbed against his wet pussy. Sam reached down and positioned his cock at Dean’s entrance. He looked up at Dean, and asked if he was okay.
“Look, Cas. We really can’t explain this,” stated Sam.
“Cas, staring,” Dean stated, amused.
Dean shrugged, “I got no clue, man. Given yesterday, I doubt the effects can be managed. And if they can, I don’t know how.”
Sam lowered himself and made his way to Dean’s entrance. Swirling his tongue around it, teasing it, driving Dean crazy, before he let his tongue be sucked into its warmth.
“Dean, we really should try to figure out what she did to you,” Sam told him.
Sam felt his cock twitch in his jeans.
Cas sat back down, nervous and excited for the reversal spell to take effect. He wanted Dean back, the Dean he had pulled from Hell. He loved the past few days, but it wasn’t right. He wanted to be with Dean, the real Dean. He knew that Sam felt the same as he did. Cas wondered what it would be like the next morning when things would return to normal. Would they continue the affair or would Dean rather not speak of it again?
“Well I acquired what I needed faster than I had assumed,” replied Rowena.
“Sammy!”
Getting up he ignored his pants and left his bedroom and headed towards the bathroom. He would need a long shower after this.
“Sam, there’s already an issue. Even after Rowena cures me. I don’t want to think about that now. We’ll deal with that when we get there.”
Sam’s eyes grew wide as his head turned suddenly towards Dean. Not knowing what to say, knowing he should be disgusted at the notion, he wasn’t. He wanted so badly to tell Dean to shove off, knowing it was the right thing to do, but he knew that he wanted nothing more right now than to fuck Dean.
Dean’s face perked up.
Sam, Cas and Dean have a threesome
Sam stood behind him, hands in his pockets, looking awkward as ever. Dean raised his eyebrows at him. Even though he looked so different, he was still Dean. Sam gave a nervous smile.
“So, what are we going to do about Dean?” Cas asked. “How did this happen?”
Sam got up as well, he could feel his cock get hard. “Yeah, I’m just gonna go to my room.”
“Very well, dear. Why don’t you get dressed properly,” Rowena replied sharply.
“I’m kinda hot though, right?” Dean stated more than asked. His smile was wide and it was so clearly Dean’s smile.
“Don’t worry just get over here.”
Cas laughed, of course Dean wanted food.
“Dean, my boy, this body suits you,” the witch said as she sat down on the edge of the bed.
Looking down, Cas replied, “That was, um, unexpected. I’m sorry, Dean.”
“Right now?”
Getting up he noticed his feet did hit the floor with the same force as usual, weird, but he ignored it. He felt off but couldn’t place it. Groggy, he made his way to the kitchen to get some coffee in him as well as something to eat.
His pussy throbbed, squeezing onto Sam’s thick manhood, it pulsed and quaked as Dean’s orgasm built up and up.
“Um… Dean.. are you sure we should be doing this?”
Cas was caught off guard, but quickly found himself lost in Dean’s embrace. He held the Winchester close, hands running down his back towards his ass. Grabbing it tightly in his grip. Dean melted into Cas, letting his lust take over.
“Me too, Cas. It was fun but it wasn’t meant to last. Now I can get back to hunting and my life.”
Dean nodded, smiling. He got up and went over to Sam, who turned his chair to face Dean. Dean leaned down and kissed Sam, parting his lips with his, sliding his tongue into his mouth.
“I can feel you staring, Dean,” Sam said in a groggy voice.
Dean made his way back to his bedroom and got dressed. It was annoying not having any clothes that fit him. No point in making a trip into a larger town to find some clothes that fit his new body properly, Rowena would be here the day after next. He elected for a pair of dark grey sweatpants, one with a drawstring so he could tie it up tightly, and an old Zepp t-shirt.
“I washed it,” Dean stated, his tone defensive.”
Dean laughed, “Yeah, well, I’m sure we can take breaks to work a case or two.”
Cas leaned down and crashed his lips into Dean’s. Licking and sucking on his tongue, muffling the moans Dean was making. He let some of his grace slip through and into Dean, making his pussy throb with pleasure. Fucking an angel did have its perks after all.
Sam gave him a look and rolled his eyes, even though he agreed.
Dean slammed his bag down onto the table. Tired and dirty from the hunt he and Sam just got back from. He’d worry about the witches curse tomorrow, she said it wouldn’t take effect until he woke up anyways. Besides, he was beat, sleep was all he could think about at this point.
“Right now?”
“Boys! I find what I needed fairly easily, so I thought I’d come to the rescue sooner,” a voice called out from the main entrance of the bunker.
Sam pulled back from Dean’s lips. “Cas, wait. Don’t leave. I have an idea.”
They stood there staring at each other. The air was heavy with strange tension.
Spent, Sam pulled out and crashed onto the bed next to Dean. Pulling Dean in close to him, Sam kissed him again. This time more gently, lovingly.
“Dean, when Rowena fixes this. Do you think we will still, you know?” Asked Sammy.
Dean could feel an explosion building, he was about to come. He held Sam tighter, digging his nails into his back. Pulling him in for another kiss, muffling the sounds of his moans. Sam thrust harder, pounding into him. The bed under them shook and slammed into the wall.
“I love you,” he said to both of them.
He couldn’t believe that he not only slept with his best friend but also his own brother. It should have made him sick, but it oddly didn’t. He felt off, like he should be appalled at this fact, every fiber of his being was telling him he shouldn’t enjoy it. But he was, and he wanted more of it. More of them, of Sam, of Cas. He needed them. Inside of him.
Dean noticed Sam shuffling in his chair, he seemed uneasy. He tried hard not to watch Dean. While the staring oddly enough didn’t make Dean uncomfortable, the fact that Sam clearly was did.
Dean let out a small gasping moan as he felt Sam’s tongue plunge into his wet lips, parting them and going up towards his throbbing clit. Sam’s tongue danced and swirled with precision. Dean tasted amazing. Dean tried to stay silent, but the moans escaped his lips against his will, his eyes rolled back and he let his body relax.
“Well, I’m not going to bed just yet, it’s still daylight out,” said Dean.
“Yeah, no. Not at all,” Sam piped in.
“Shut up, Dean.”
“What do you mean?” He asked in reply.
“For one, how are you sitting there across from me? I thought the effects were pretty powerful.”
“Yeah, well I want mine back.”
His whole body shook as he came, his moans became louder to the point where he was almost screaming. Sam watched as his brother’s tits bounced with force, it was a beautiful sight. Sammy came, filling Dean with his hot come. Dean came at the same time, his pussy began wetter, dripping down onto Sam’s cock and onto his stomach. As he came he moaned loudly, head back, eyes closed.
“I am as well,” stated Cas.
Cas pulled back from the kiss, never losing momentum in his powerful thrust. Dean’s eyes were shut tight, lips parted as he lost himself to his orgasm. It was building and building until it consumed him.
“Hey, I’m just saying.”
Sam closed down and let go and watched as Dean rested on his still hard cock. They both breathed heavily, lost in the moment of their shared orgasm.
Sam slammed his cock in and out of Dean, causing the older hunter’s body to push forward and onto his cock and Cas’. Cas held onto Dean’s thighs, pushing him back and forth while Sam slammed him up and down. It was an awkward motion to get the hang of for Dean, but he found his rhythm quickly.
“Of course, Dean.”
“Wait, are you? Are you into me?!” Dean exclaimed.
Dean and Cas shot him a glaring look. Dean figured out years ago that Cas stuck around for more than the reasons he let on. He wondered about his own feelings for Cas, he knew his feelings for Sam were stronger, but he couldn’t help but feel a strong connection to Cas. Hell, an attraction.
He knew that it was wrong, Dean was his brother, his own flesh and blood. But he was drawn to him like this. Deep down he always sorta had a crush on Dean, and he always pushed it aside. Thinking that it was just due to them being together all the time for all these years, they only ever had each other. Sam had figured out that he was most likely bisexual years ago at Stanford, but never pursued anything.
*********************************************************
Dean looked over at Sam, his cock at eye level. Licking his lips he needed to taste him. He opened his mouth in need and Sammy stepped forward. His cock brushed against Dean’s parted lips and pushed in. Dean’s mouth stretched wide as Sammy’s cock inched its way in.
Cas had caught Sam and Dean in the act, and the brother’s needed to figure out their own feelings. Meanwhile Sam learns more about the curse.
Dean pushed his laptop aside and moved forward towards Rowena. He wanted to taste her, to feel her warmth. Rowena sat unmoving, watching him. Dean stopped moving when he was mere inches from her face, he could feel her breath on him.
Soon it was late, and those who slept were getting tired. Castiel retired elsewhere in the bunker, finding a quiet spot to settle down and read some books from the library. Rowena said her good nights and made her way to one of the many rooms. Sam and Dean remained seated at the table.
“Ummmm…” a harsh monotone voice said from the doorway.
“Yes, I need to make sure the spell worked properly. So I’ll be staying here for the night.”
“Fuck! Sammy! Cas!” Dean cried out.
“Together? Like dating?”
Sam took a deep breath. “So, Rowena said she knows a reversal spell, but she needs to do it in person.”
Dean wondered if it really was the worst time. Or was it the perfect time to explore even more with his new body. He wanted Rowena to see him like this. But Sam and Cas were already trying to straighten themselves out. The hunter stayed there, laying back on the table, legs spread.  His pussy still throbbing and soaked.
Cas grunted in his low rough voice as he felt his cock twitch, his balls were tight as he was about to burst. He thrust harder and faster as he came. Dean’s legs tightened around Cas’ waist, holding him close to him as he came.
“You staying for it?” Asked Dean.
Deciding he wasn’t ready for that he went back up to his swollen clit. Using his middle two fingers he rubbed at it fiercely before it became too sensitive. He had to stop and catch his breath before continuing. His back arched and his toes curled. Dean’s head tilted up as he closed his eyes, feeling himself begin to come intensely.
He moaned in pleasure as he got closer to climax.
Sam was already in the kitchen, finishing up his breakfast when Dean walked him. Sam looked up and rolled his eyes.
Cas nodded.
Cas stood up suddenly, breaking contact with Dean who groaned at the lack of hands on him. Sam motioned for Dean to move forward on the bed, Dean obeyed. Sam went to his nightstand drawer and pulled out a bottle of lube, handing it to Cas. Cas poured some onto Dean’s entrance and his fingers before he slowly pushed them in.
Dean held onto Sam tightly, grasping at his back, legs hooked tightly around his waist. Moving his hips in tune with Sam’s. Each time Sam pulled back Dean would move his hips to slam Sam back into him. Sam’s cock stretched him, filling him.
Dean smiled and nodded. “Oh yeah. Everything.”
Sam held Dean’s head steady as he began to thrust roughly in and out of his wet and warm mouth. Dean couldn’t do anything but hold his mouth open as Sam pounded into him. He moaned against his cock, as Cas’s tongue moved quickly.
“I’m going to go catalogue more of the items from the archives,” said Sam before turning and leaving.
Sam went back into the library, he figured Cas disappeared, confused by the whole situation. And probably upset as well. He had no way to explain what the angel witnessed. Hell, he had no way of explaining it himself.
“Okay, okay. Just saying.”
Dean sat on an old lazy boy recliner in the Dean Cave. Beer in one hand, remote in the other. Watching the tv in a daze. If he had to spend three days cursed like this he wasn’t going to get anything done, that’s for sure.
The angel began fast and hard, his cock filling Dean up. He watched as Dean’s breast moved as he slammed into him. Reaching up, Cas began to massage Dean’s chest, running the pads of his fingers around his nipples before pinching them. He pinched and twisted each nipple, feeling them harden before his fingers. Dean moaned, the feeling was overwhelming.
“Sammy, please. I need,” moaned Dean.
Dean nodded, “Yeah, just let me.”
Soon Dean was coming once again. His screams of pleasure were muffled by the huge, throbbing cock being slammed into his throat. The feeling of his moaning vibrated on Sam’s length, causing him to come. He slammed harder and faster, the tearing streaming down his brother’s face. He filled Dean’s mouth with his come, overflowing it causing a bit to leak out.
Sam kissed Dean as he plunged his fingers into him. Hooking them up to push into that sweet spot, causing Dean to quiver, moaning into the kiss. Dean rolled his hips, pushing Sam in deeper into him. Sam moved his hand faster, working in and out.
Sam swallowed hard.
Dean stood up and went to Cas, who was now taller than him. He reached up and wrapped his arms around him. Leaning up Dean kissed him. Drinking in the taste of his mouth, moaning against his lips. He pressed his body again Cas and felt the angel’s cock swell.
“I don’t know, Sammy. I mean, everything is kind of out in the open now. We can’t exactly go back to normal.”
Dean nodded to give Sam the okay to put it in. With one hand on his cock and the other on Dean’s waist, Sam slowly put the tip of his dick into Dean’s warmth. Dean breathed in harshly, eyes closing, lips parted slightly. Sam never took his eyes off of him.
“Uh, Dean, I found something.”
“Yeah, this is just new for me. So, uh, can we take it a bit slow at first?”
“Let me sit, Dean.”
Dean did not want to talk hair care with his brother, especially since he’s been trying to let Sam allow him to cut his long hair off for years now. It was a few days, it didn’t matter.
Dean shut his bedroom door and crashed onto the bed, passing out before he even hit the pillow. Three witches killed and burned, a curse and all those hours of driving non-stop. It had been a rough few days.
“Sammy, am I turning you on?”
“Okay it’s settled. We are all together,” said Dean.
Dean slowly raised his thighs, bringing himself up on Sam’s length, before slowly going back down. He wasn’t sure what to do exactly, so he let his body guide him. He did this again, and again, and again. It wasn’t long until he found his pace and motion, rising and falling, letting his hips guide him.
“Okay, but that doesn’t explain what I just saw. Sam, Dean. What?” Cas was at a loss for words.
Dean came hard, his hips began to move on their hold. He tightened his grip on his brother’s head and plowed into his throat. He filled Sam’s mouth with his come, Sam couldn’t swallow it all even thought he tried to. It spilled out around his lips as he continued to bob his head, taking Dean all the way in.
“Hey, so…” Sam’s voice came from behind him.
“I love you, Dean.”
“Cas, we… uh… we were just watching tv,” said Sammy.
“Sammy.”
Dean rolled his eyes and chuckled nervously. He didn’t know how to explain what had been happening. How could he? He had been sleeping with his own brother and his best friend. Especially since the effect on others would only happen if they were already sexually attracted to him. He had no idea even where to begin with everything.
Sam and Dean quickly turned their heads to see Castiel standing in the door frame looking at them confused.
Rowena mixed the ingredients together in a metal bowl. Dean and Cas stood together nearby, waiting for it to be finished. Sam on the other hand, stood next to Rowena handing her ingredients as she asked for them. She spoke the enchantment with intent, sealing the spell. A dark red smoke rose up from the bowl,
“Sorry.”
Sam had long desired to taste Dean, and reached up to wrap his fingers around his brother’s length. Licking his lips slightly he wrapped them around the head, swirling his tongue and flicking the slit. Dean let out a slight gasp at Sam’s touch.
Sam was still in his bedroom, having just finished himself as well. He had heard Dean’s cries of pleasure and it fueled the fantasy he had been playing out in his head. He knew it was wrong, but he didn’t care, at least not for right now. He knew it would hit him soon enough, just how messed up this was.
Finally it was over. Breathing heavily he removed his hand from his boxers. His vision has become blurred and the light bothered him. Blinking several times to bring it back he realized what he had just done. He didn’t know it felt that good.
Rowena made her way into the library and stood frozen. Her lips parted as she raised a brow. It was obvious what was going on. She knew the side effects of the curse, and figured this was the only thing her boys had been doing for the past few days. But she didn’t expect to be walking in on it.
He took turns on each of their cocks, sucking them deeply. Bringing them closer to orgasm, working faster and faster each time he switched. He looked up to see Sam and Cas kissing each other. He smiled at the sight.
Dean sat back laughing to himself. Sam tried to think of anything else to get his throbbing cock to go down, but to no avail.
“Dean,” Cas began but stopped when Dean kissed him again.
“I’d love that,” a rough voice said.
“Well, Sammy, what do you say?” Dean smiled, raising his eyebrows.
Sam stopped and stood up, unbuttoning his shirt Dean reached forward. He grabbed his little brother by the belt and pulled him forward and undid it, letting his jeans fall to the ground. Sam was rock hard, his cock twitched with need.
“Yeah, I’m gonna go shower.”
“Sammy!” Cried out Dean, in a breathy voice.
Sam looked up, “Hey.”
Startled Dean stood up. “Dude, don’t sneak up on me like that!”
Dean blushed, “Yeah, well, I’m not exactly sure things could go back to normal in that manner.”
In the kitchen, Cas was already at the table. Dean came in and got the coffee pot started. The sound of the drip was soothing, and he sat down across from Cas.
Cas lifted Dean up with ease and sat him down on the table, never breaking his lips from the hunters. In one quick motion he removed his pants. Grabbing his hips, Cas pulled Dean forward to the edge.
“Hmm.”
Making his way down to the tight hole he teased the outside, nervous that it might hurt. He was technically a virgin when it came to this new body.
“Dean, if I stay, the curse will affect me, and how I feel.”
“Sam, I can see you staring,” stated Dean.
Sam led Dean to his bedroom. Once the door was shut they collided into each other, kissing and touching one another. Making their way to the bed, the two stripped each other. Only breaking away from the kiss to catch their breaths. They grasped desperately at each other, full of need and want.
“I love you, too.”
“Sammy, the curse is gone, I shouldn’t be having that effect on you still,” Dean flirted with a chuckle.
Sam stood up, his cock already hard and in his hand. He stroked it as he watched his brother get his pussy ate by an angel. He loved how hot it was and wanted in on it. Dean’s moaned made him harder, and he needed to be inside of his big brother.
Dean made his way to the library, he grinned widely as he stepped down into the room. Sam was at the table, laptop open and coffee next to him. Looking up from the screen he saw Dean, the way he always was and should be.
Pulling back to move his attention to Cas. And repeated what he had just done with his brother. Cas’ eyes closed and his mouth parted. Dean went back and forth between his brother and the angel. Bringing them closer and closer to orgasm. Finally when he could tell they were both on the edge, aching for release, he took them in each of his hands and began to fiercely stroke their cocks until they came together. Covering his face with their hot cum.
Several hours passed and Dean was still in his room. He never changed like Rowena had said, instead he sat on his bed with his laptop in front of him. A knock at the door startled him, and Rowena sauntered in. A sly look on her face gave away what she was there for.
“Holy shit.”
“Yeah, tomorrow,” replied Dean as he took a deep drink of his beer.
“Sammy, what are you waiting for? I am fully aware of the curses effects,” Dean said bluntly.
“Shut up, Sam. It’s me, Dean, or have you gone blind?”
******************************************************************
Sam watched Dean out of the corner of his eye. Watching the way his chest rose and fell, his now long hair and how it flowed with the curve of his neck. His smaller, more feminine features. Dean was right, he was hot. Dean took a drink of his beer and Sam couldn’t help but let his thoughts race watching him wrap his lips around the top of the bottle, and wondered how it would look to see those same lips wrapped around his cock. His cock swelled at the thought.
She nodded, “Yes, but if I’m being honest. As much as I would love to continue, I have more restraint than your brother and the angel. I’d rather be with you as the real you. It wouldn’t be the same like this. Fun yes, but not the same.”
Nervously, he reached a delicate hand into his boxers, and felt the heat come off of his new body. Running a finger along the wetness he let out a small gasp.
But he knew that deep down, he had feelings for his little brother. Feelings that a brother shouldn’t have. He shuddered thinking of the word that lingered in the back of his mind. Incest.
Cas raised an eyebrow quizzically.
Dean chuckled, “Yeah, except for when you do.”
They laid like that, embracing each other for a while as Sam and Dean fell asleep. Cas got up after some time and covered the two in the blanket that had been pushed to the end of the bed. He grabbed his clothes and left the room making his way to the showers. He didn’t sleep and a whole night in bed could get uncomfortable for him.
“If we do that then we’d never get any work done.”
“Cas, you don’t have to wonder. But if I’m being honest, I don’t know what I want.”
Pulling back the covers he gave himself a look. He was himself again. Quickly he got up and went to the mirror over the sink in the room. He saw himself, the real self. Smiling, he was overjoyed to see himself again.
Cas tilted his head. “Why were you two having sex? You’re brothers? This is wrong.”
Rowena exited the room, leaving Dean to get up and ready. He decided to ignore Rowena’s earlier request of getting changed, and left the shirt on without pants. He threw on a pair of boxers that were short enough to be hidden under the shirts length, and made his way to the kitchen.
“Well, I’m okay with it if Cas is,” replied Sammy.
“Dean,” Sammy moaned into him.
“I’m coming!” Dean cried out.
“What are we going to do?”
“Oh you will. Tell me, Dean, how have you been enjoying it? Getting to know your body?” Rowena laughed lightly.
Sam looked at Cas then to Dean. “Honestly, I’ve always had a crush on Cas as well.”
“You know… we have three days. You going to be able to handle having me like this for that long? I mean, you can’t even sit next to me without getting hard.”
Sam reached down, helping Dean stand up. He then told Cas to get on the bed. Dean went over and straddled Cas, slowly lowering himself down onto his cock.  Sam went to Dean’s nightstand and grabbed the bottle of lube he knew he had in there and got on the bed. He moved the angel’s legs apart giving him room, and poured a generous amount of lube onto his cock and fingers.
“I love you, Sammy.”
“I know.”
“Um.. coffee is over there if you want some. I’ll just be going,” Sam said somewhat shyly.
“I don’t understand,” remarked Cas.
Cas’ head tilted. “Dean, you know I don’t eat.”
“Fuck, Cas!” Dean cried out. He could feel his orgasm building stronger and stronger. He tried to grip the table, fisting clenching as he lost control going over the edge.
