Fergus groaned and laid his head on the table. "Rotten, the lot of you," he grumbled. "Don't tell me, then. I don't care."
Last Jody checked, he had slumped forward in his chair, face planted firmly in the foot of the bed.
She was preparing the room for them when they got back, and that’s how Sam found her.
"And if he can't? If I've got him shoved so far down in here that he's basically gone?" Michael drawled, staring at Castiel through the dark waters. "What then? You gave up your own eternity to stay with this human in this box. And now it's you and me, instead."
Dean merely shook his head, pulling away to press his head against the floor again, bawling for something he couldn't even remember. "I'm sorry," he forced out between the sobs that wracked his body. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry..."
people? Put dreams and words and shit in their heads?"
And there was a beat where neither moved, and then they were lost in each other's arms, face to shoulder, bawling.
Sam shook his head, the burden he couldn't even tell Claire finally lifting. "I could just hold out my hand, and when Charlie pulls me back—"
Jack hid a grin. "You want to make a Marauder's Map, don't you?"
"Yeah? And how's that?" Dean asked, smirking.
Michael hissed at him. “We have a plan!”
His head was clear. There was no buzzing anxiety, no worry, no intense mathematical gymnastics. There was the sound of familiar tires heading home, with Claire asleep in the passenger seat.
"Tonight I'll dream while in my bed
Maggie and Jack exchanged a glance. "Rowena used to… tell us stories," she began.
"The crime rate against girls with pink hair has tremendously increased," Sam told Dean back at the motel, staring at his laptop screen.
"C'mon!"
“Were we fated to be together?”
“SHUT THE FUCK UP!”
Sam sighed. “Yeah. Okay. Fine. I’ll help.”
"Jesus Christ," Gabriel mumbled, heart hammering. "Warn a fella, would ya?"
Put your hand in mine and come with me
anything. There was no attacker, no aggressor. He would be
Was Sam even breathing?
Maggie rolled her eyes fondly and looked back at the TV. "Wait — is this a
Castiel frowned down at his clothes. “What’s wrong with this?”
He followed her down hall after hall, checking door after door.
His alveoli itched.
Sam blinked down at him. "You okay?"
"What are you sorry for?"
"Cas—"
“It was under his blanket. I never moved it until tonight.”
That’s the fantasy I keep replaying.
I just want you to know who I am"
what that means.”
"Yeah. Yeah, Dean used to call me Bear." She felt a bit like she was giving a part of him away, but she supposed that was only fair.
“Sorry,” he laughed, releasing them. “I just… I didn’t know anyone was doing anything.”
Charlie jumped back when Sam got up so fast his chair toppled. "My phone," he gritted out, hand out.
Maggie laughed. "He would ask both of us, no doubt."
thing is weird. You’re going to see me again here, but it’s already happened for me.”
Jack hit the ball so hard it exploded on impact.
“Mmhm.”
Dean coughed up water, lungs aching at the quickness.
“Then why did he leave me?”
“Dean,” Sam whispered, breath stuttering as he held Dean back. “Oh my— I haven’t seen you in— it’s been so long I—”
Charlie stared directly into her eyes. "Yes."
Sam laughed softly before releasing Gabriel, picking up the bacon and walking into the map room.
"What did you do?!"
Gabriel yawned and plodded down the hall, aiming for a late-night snack. He was just about to turn into the main room when he saw light spilling out from under Sam’s door.
“As long as there is something he can do to help someone, he will be happy. That’s what Sam thrives off of. I believe that is why he wanted to be a lawyer in the first place.” Castiel walked over to their clothes and picked up the phone, and Dean shamelessly admired his ass. Cas held the phone out to Dean. “Call your brother. It’ll be okay.”
I'm scared"
when they die now." He pushed the bottle away with one finger. "I don't want to take that risk."
"How often do people come back from the dead?!" The voice was louder, almost legible.
Sam shook his head vehemently. "No!"
Everyone retrieved various items from their pockets, handing them to Sam, who took to arranging them on the lid of the coffin.
“Well, now I
"Yeah! I was trying to find a vacuum the other day and I found a pool. So."
"I'm not human," I'd tell him.
What the
"It's Sam."
“Yeah, but they’re not your cute little Tinker Bells. They’re vicious and mean.”
When the record ended, the silence pressed in like lovers long gone, like parents and sons and husbands, and the two women let it.
Gabriel perched his cheek on his hand. “That’s generous, Cassie, to say it’s moving at all.”
Sam winced. “Please no.”
She nodded. “Then it is settled. For the first time ever, the borders of Heaven are opened.” She turned to another angel. “Joshua, can you make an announcement to the souls?”
Things shifted, and Castiel dropped Dean's wrists like they were hellfire.
And I ain't seen a light of day since, well, that's not important
"You gonna fall asleep on me?" Dean tried to tease. It came out breathy and sad.
I want you to know
“I don’t know. But we’re gonna try. He’s in the garage right now, building something.”
he teased lightly.
“Did he ever really love me?”
"It was three!"
"New?"
The absolute ludicrousy sent Dean into hysterics. “Oh my gosh, just fucking— just fuckin’ suits swimming down with a summons!”
Back at the Bunker, an inky black hand reached out of a portal.
Why you
The best I can
“Another option?”
"I can't."
When that could solve everything?!"
Castiel let out a long breath. “You want to know. Okay. You forgot me almost one thousand years ago. Eight hundred and ninety-six, to be precise.”
“Rowena, for sure,” Gabriel deadpanned.
Dean snorted. "Just trust me on this."
“I’ll tell you what I tell Sammy when he gets this way. You made the best decision you could with the information you had available at the time. You thought it was right, because it was God, and God was supposed to be good. But it wasn’t God, or it was God and it wasn’t good at all. Either way, you couldn’t have known, Castiel. And it would’ve happened one way or another. You did it mercifully. Naomi wouldn’t have.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean sat beside him heavily, wincing as his wounds stretched. “I’ve done worse.”
"What's so amazing
He begged me to return to fight, after some time. I couldn't tell him that I was choosing him, that Heaven had stakes in this and I did not want them to win.
to stay with Dean. Every day we grow closer."
"Leave me."
There. It's there in print. I am leaving tonight for good. I'm braving the wild unknown. And maybe it's dumb, but I'm taking the knife you got me one Father's Day with me. I don't know why. I think I just want something to remember you. But I won't forget you. I won't forget Heaven, or Hell, or Cas, or any of it. These past few years have been the best years of my life. I wouldn't have done anything differently, actually. Which is weird for me to say, because we fucked up a whole lot. But I got to watch you grow into the fantastic man you are today, this majestic moose-man with too-long hair who eats grass for supper.
He wanted to say it back. He wanted to fall down and sob and cling to him. But something within him remained twisted into the same shape his father had formed it, so he stayed silent.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why do you care?” Jack snipped. He was aware he was getting worked up, but he couldn’t find it in himself to care.
Gabriel raised one unimpressed eyebrow at him.
Castiel smiled at her. “Thank you, Claire.”
"A bar?"
It… hurt, to let go. But I was trapping him, forcing him into an afterlife of trying to be there for me. He didn't deserve that. He deserved to be happy, to let his soul go onward.
"You're not giving up on us," Sam muttered back. "And you can beat me up when we get you out."
"And I like your hair. I don't think I ever told you that."
"The storms are raging on the rollin’ sea
"Your ten seconds."
His thumb caressed Dean's lips instead.
"Patroclus was—"
In this hellish world
Maggie looked up at him. "Definitely."
“I know. Does this mean you two are—?”
“I think I’m almost there. A few more days and I should be successful.”
Claire threw her hands up. “I didn’t know that, either!”
Castiel's lungs stuttered. "W… What?"
It took a moment, but then Charlie was clapping and whooping, and Gabe and Rowena were hugging him tightly.
“Oh, come on."
Now these thoughts are haunting me
name.”
Sam grinned and squished Dean's face together with his little palms, which had always been code for "I want a kiss now."
He had finally made up his mind to open his mouth, when Donna did it for him.
something, Dean?” Castiel’s eyes glinted in the dark. “Pathetic. Absolutely pathetic.”
Title taken from "The End of the World" by Billie Eilish
Jody ran a hand through her hair and looked back at Donna, who shrugged. "Sam!" Jody called out. "Do some parenting!"
Dean threw his head back and laughed. "Dammit, Cas, I was holding it together until that."
"Dean," Cas whispered, warning.
"Um," Sam started, voice breaking. He tried again. "Claire, want to help me with these pancakes?"
But, goddammit, he was not
“With my
"Yes, sunshine?"
Dean to say something, anything, anything to keep the
rules, then.”
It stayed there, that invisible handprint, no matter what he did, what thought experiments he performed. He thought maybe he could just rip his own face off, that maybe
Claire looked around, wide-eyed, before saying, "Oh. Oh,
Sam laughed. "You did not."
“I’m sorry I’m just… so happy to see you again.” Sam shot him a shy smile. “How have you been? What’s it like down there? Dean and I never get to talk about that. We have a schedule, see, to make sure everything stays in line.”
“Beyond that…” There was amusement in Castiel’s eyes, almost a
Sam grinned. “How about you two ask me that when I can see?”
It was brief. A fraction of a second, really, but Dean saw it.
Sam winced. “Yeah. Not exactly my proudest moment.”
"Are you gonna finish that story?"
"What changed?"
"Why would you care?"
“What can I do to
“If Castiel had chosen
Castiel’s lips were hellfire again, torturous and beautiful and capable of drawing every emotion out of him. “I am.”
"And you chose here?" He wanted to take a drink and burn himself, but the condensation built on the glass and Dean had a history of letting things slip through his fingers, so he absently wiped it off.
"I didn't know he visited you all," Sam said, choosing each word carefully.
“No. Not once in a million different timelines. Yet, here we are. And I feel we are together in most timelines now.”
Gabriel motioned lightly to Castiel, careful not to touch him.
Sam didn't answer.
“Yeah, totally. That’s different. Showering is relaxing. What the fuck do they get out of sitting on the toilet?”
Sam and Dean broke their conversation, looking out to the crowd. “Huh?”
"Mmhm. Very likely story."
“Oh my god!” Donna exclaimed, leaning into her computer screen. “I’ve got a match!”
Michael opened a supply closet, leaving the door open behind them. He opened a few boxes and made overdramatic thinking noises, pawing through them. "Ah," he finally announced.
"This is just a
"Dean, you can always talk to me about anything. Even this.
Jack pushed into her room, straddling a rolly chair. "Hi, Maggie!"
she screamed, running back to the computers.
"Nothing is going on with me, Sam!"
Title taken from "Saint Elizabeth" by Kaia Kater
Gabriel smirked at her, giving her a good once-over. "Maybe we should sober him up first."
He is
“Those aren’t the lyrics.”
"I'll tell you mine."
"Do you not want me here or something? Do you want me to just fuck off for eternity?"
to his soul. Holy was Castiel, and all that ran from him, and all that clung to him. For though Dean Winchester was not one to worship, he fell to his knees at the altar of Castiel.
“To love and to cherish…”
“He said fuck,” Dean joked, cheeks red.
valid."
Sam shuddered, tears fell. “It makes perfect sense,” he said, voice cracking.
“Hug slow.”
Claire was biting on her tongue as she concentrated. “One of ‘em. You’re his dad?”
And it was not
"Are we ever gonna get back to that?" Mags asked gently.
"Dah-rah-il-pa?"
I've got the moves I'd like to prove
I believe.”
“I met Michael.”
There was a steady hand on his shoulder, gentle, reassuring. “Of course,” Castiel said.
... The first time
Kinda miss the stupid thing, actually.
"You saved one. As a child. Correct?"
He followed Jack to a room he had never personally opened before. “He’s in here,” Jack told him, opening the door.
God, Dean hated him. He hated him with every ounce of his being. He hated waking up, clutching at a coat or a hand. He hated the gentle timbre of his voice.
Dean, Dean, Dean. Dean was his heartbeat.
“Yeah, man, I can. We get dealt shitty hands. It’s just what happens. And look, this probably won’t come out quite like I want it to, but you gotta stop overestimating yourself.”
Gabriel held his free hand out to Castiel. “C’mon, Cassie. You’re one of us now.”
Sam gestured around them at the endless darkness. "Welcome to Oblivion."
“Why are you even doing this, then?” Claire asked, touching the box absently.
“He told me… He told me to tell you he’s proud of you. And he’s sorry. And he thinks about you every single day, and wonders what kind of person you’ve become. He’s sad he missed your entire life, basically. He wanted to teach you everything he had learned, tell you all his stories. And he—” Gabriel had to look away from the crying eyes. “He said he finds peace in knowing that Sam would raise you better than he ever could. He said goodbye.”
"Where is
“Would you like to pretend we aren’t together and act confused when he asks why all of my possessions are in your apartment?”
Did I just incorporate Hello, Honeybee into this fic?
Castiel chuckled. “Yes.” He leaned back and stood up to his full height, faces aimed towards the hellish Heavens. “Are you ready?”
"Then why answer at all?"
to save him.
The door swung shut behind Claire.
Charlie stared with wide eyes. "What?"
“Save it,” Sam cut her off. “I’m going to save him.”
This kid would practice like his life depended on it, and one day I finally go out there. I cross the road
Dean and Castiel took harbor in the kitchen when things got to be too much, side-stepping well-meant hugs to push into the quiet of the room. They could still hear everyone talking and laughing just outside, and Dean hung his head and laughed.
"I bet you're afraid of being weak, of having no power, no nothing."
So he turned off the shower and stepped out, squeezing the excess water from his hair and grabbing clean clothes.
"Mkay. You gonna want one pancake or two?"
(See the end of the chapter for
A heart, carved with blind hand, with
"You're being a dick on purpose, aren't you?"
"You… can hear me?" Castiel said, voice echoing like church bells.
“I will.” Sam sat back in his seat, taking a steadying breath. “I love you.”
Colonel Sanders clucked twice in alarm, and Maggie nodded.
“Why? Are you okay, Annie? Annie, are you okay?”
I remember it vividly. His lips tasted like metal and sweat, with the taste of ripe dates lingering on his tongue. It felt like worship, kissing him. Kissing you. It all feels like worship.
“I just can’t get rid of you, can I?” Dean said, words bubbling.
“Not yet. But he promised we would all be involved. Said he couldn’t do it alone.” Jody couldn’t stop the small smile that was spreading across her face. “It’s nice to see him asking for help.”
I don’t really remember where Dad was, actually.
"Does she like healthy stuff or junk stuff?"
Gabe fell down beside him, eyes blazing. “She hurt me. She hurt
“Yeah. Yeah, I do.”
"Yes?"
Her hands slid off their mouths and all three crept forward.
Castiel hid his hand under the table and formed a cupcake out of thin air. “For you. I’ll bribe you to stay awake with sweets,” Cas teased.
Castiel's throat felt tight, so he wrapped Dean up in his arms. "I love you, too, Dean. And every memory with you in it."
"You mean if Azazel had never come into the picture, Heaven and Hell hadn't had plans, and you somehow managed to avoid all the hunting that runs in your blood?"
“Do you want it to?”
They went through an empty lobby, into an empty elevator, where mouth met mouth met chest met thighs, until the bell rippled between them and they crashed into the hall.
Castiel shook his head in disbelief. "Who is Dean Winchester without his car?"
Claire turned sharply to him, eyebrows furrowed. "What?"
Claire sighed, pushing open a door. “There’s only one thing Sam actually wants and we can’t give it to him.”
"Oh, just a skip and a jump, really. We'll be there in no time." Donna looked back at Sam and Jody. "Poor giant can't see all the way down to his feet."
Jack was busy looking down at his own hands. "Can
Gabriel cursed softly. “We forgot Crowley.”
“Dean," Castiel whispered.
There was that feeling of sun again. “I can, yes.”
"I know. We talk about them sometimes. He doesn't always like to. I'm afraid he picked that up from me."
She figured out what he meant that night.
“I think this box is a pretty good mark in my favor.”
“Oh, always.” Sam tried for a joking tone, but it fell a little flat. He cleared his throat and poured two cups of steaming coffee. “Am I a… bad person?”
“We’re two idiots, man! What could we even
“Daisy. Are you dating Jody?”
"Are you talking to me or ignoring me entirely? Make up your mind," Cas returned bitterly.
be back down here.”
Jack, Rowena, Gabriel, Sam, Jody, and Donna were on the runway team, ready to position their box and drag Dean and Castiel over.
Lips are chapped and faded"
Claire looked over to Charlie’s corner and scowled. “That is literally a perfect rendering of the Star Wars poster with all of us in it.”
"It does." Claire closed her eyes again. "I feel like teenage-me would've hated that idea."
Sam glanced behind himself, then looked back at Dean. “Charlie is calling time. If I stay here too long, things start to get um… weird. We had a dodo in the Bunker last time.”
He fell on his knees and coughed, and coughed, and coughed, until red specks dotted the leaf litter.
"I would never choose this! Why would I ever
Dean got up from his seat warily, walking over to squat beside Sam. “Hey,” Dean whispered, wrapping Sam in a hug. “Hey, hey. I missed you.”
He turned to see Castiel standing there. He could see more than just the
Castiel looked at the stars. He looked at them quite often. He knew every nook and cranny, but it was like a work of art. He could look and look and never grow tired.
Dean shrugged in the darkness. "Like, are there any memories that just kinda weigh on you, ya know?"
“Fuck fuck fuck,” Dean gasped, hands shaking yet unable to drop that cursed, toothed knife.
Sam averted his eyes. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
"Ah, drugs."
Forty wasn’t a good number.
Its screams sounded like drowning men.
“Of course I did! I was positive you were merely Michael trying to undo all that we had accomplished together!”
“I’ll just give them another fake credit card.”
“I gridded it off,” Charlie responded without stopping in her brush strokes. “Did it with logic. No fuckin’ way I could freehand this.”
to me, Sam! We need each other, okay? You can’t do that kinda shit.”
“He did. I heard him through Sam, when that mishap happened. And he gave me a message for you.” Gabriel winced. “I just don’t necessarily think it’s going to help.”
"Have you?"
Castiel drew his palm back, and Dean's eyes fluttered.
are the kinds of things I want you to tell me."
my fucking body,
"What?"
Dean tried to wrack his brain, but he couldn't stop shaking long enough. "I don't know," he whispered to Sam, covering his face again.
There was a fond smile on Michael's face, which he caught Castiel staring at.
“My…” Sam thought over the words. “My partners.”
“I’m here,” said at least two of the faces of Castiel, crouching down to stare into Dean’s wild eyes. “It’s okay. I’m here.”
"There," Castiel said shakily, drained, trying to gain some semblance of composure. "That's a painted bunting."
"Three years." Something settled in Dean's heart. "How long was that for me and Cas?"
Dean prayed.
illuminate the no's
“I wanna see
Sam gave him a cryptic smile. "Come home, okay?"
“Nah,” Dean responded. “Just headed down the hall. Things are kinda…”
“I’m sorry?”
"Your presence still lingers here
“I talked to Dean. But then he… ya know, sold you his soul and all that, and we couldn’t find you two anymore.”
Castiel laughed. “Which one?”
Claire opened her eyes to sunrise and the smell of food.
"Then where did everything in me go?"
“Pfft. I will, believe me. But I’d say you guys have about two hours or so before we’re back.”
Dean hummed softly, nose pressed against Castiel’s neck. His eyes were closed. He was happy.
“Is it a favor?”
Title taken from "Fall For You" by Secondhand Serenade"
timing. I’d love to attend. I’m sure I’ve got a suit somewhere.” His face softened as he looked at the two of them. “I love you guys, and I’m proud.”
“Oh, that’s exactly what he’d want. But since when have I ever done that?”
Like a freight train rollin' through my dreams
Forty was when Dean disappeared.
She gritted her teeth and nodded.
She'd always have the stars.
"Sorry!" Claire yelled back. "We can't hear you over the sound of us unrolling our sleeping bags!"
As if on cue, the rest of the Bunker’s inhabitants filed into the garage.
“I still love you. And if you think you won’t be seeing me and Cas at least twice a week you’ve got another thing coming. Keep a room free for us. We just—”
"Past Sam?"
“I’ve killed so many people in the name of a father who doesn’t even— God doesn’t even—”
"You've been scared before."
And Dean reeled back, eyes wide. "You know about Sam?"
"Me, too." They sat in silence for a long time, Sam's breath slowing to a gentle shudder.
The tune wafted in and out of his focus, dragging softly through the background. It rose and fell with his breath, and Castiel was reminded of the hymns of monks, keeping time with a heartbeat.
"I… can respect that."
And Maggie was having a very,
"When will he be back?"
“Oh!” Jack tilted his head. “Yeah, okay. I can see it now.”
“I know you don’t remember. I know that. And I can explain how later, but for now…” Sam studied Dean. “I’m just glad to see you.”
Sam was beside him, eyes wide and panicked as petals came up, then blood, until finally, three blue daffodils.
one is the one you’re concerned about.”
Jack snorted. “Stay away from the dolls.”
"It's always the bad guys, ain't it?"
"They match your eyes."
“That he’s still this way?” Castiel finished quietly. “I don’t know.”
Dean's eyes snapped open. "Michael," he breathed.
Rowena offered him a spoon. "Aye, but it's complicated."
"Would it help to talk? Like, at all? If it wouldn't I'll let it go."
"It's strange, I'm aware. But it's true. Many things live a very long time. But the short lives of humans make them valuable and beautiful. I could say 'short lives', but that doesn't really encompass the whole thing."
"How are them butterflies?" Dean teased lightly.
Claire had just begun her first blocky color when her cell phone rang. “Ah, shit. That’s Maggie’s tone.” She reached for her phone, but Jack swatted her paint-covered hand away.
"Hey," Claire said to Maggie, sitting beside her at the counter. "That my shirt?"
Sam felt the cool drops roll down his cheeks, wash away his blood. “I didn’t know there was weather here.”
Gabriel waved his free hand. “But
They were so focused on the door that they didn't hear someone creeping up behind them.
Sam glanced back at Charlie, who shrugged. “Uh, good, I think. What about your mission? How’s it going?”
Castiel blinked back tears, finally pulling away to look at the carnage. "I hate these flowers," he told Dean quietly.
Jody shook her head, pulling her feet into the overstuffed couch with her. "I was thinking tea."
Their mouths were covered before they could scream, and a low
"Two percent of people are very upset with you now, Dean."
“Oh, so shall we be
me here! You
Claire and Charlie entered the kitchen just after Sam and Maggie.
“I loved him!”
“I don’t even need to
Dean let out a harsh, choked noise as he watched the debris fall.
After two episodes, Maggie turned an amused face to Claire. "I wouldn't have pegged you as the type for this show."
“You know…” came Gabriel’s sly voice, his heels propped up on the table, hand still gripping Castiel’s under it, “we still don’t know what happens to us when we die anymore. The Empty is gone.”
Maggie, eyes shining brightly, entreated thusly, "Fair maiden! Is it thee? Art thou the handsome lad by the name of Dill who has taken mine love for his own?"
this." Cas's hands were firm against Dean's back.
She looked across the flower patch over to their vegetable garden, farther to the small pond they had made. Somewhere inside the Bunker, Donna was likely doing Claire's makeup against her will.
Castiel was silent for a while. “I once would have said that of course it was meant to happen. But to be entirely honest, I don’t know. Perhaps this was all merely chance, a random roll of the die.”
Someday we'll find it
Sam Winchester, after all.”
It was as if whatever had caused him to collapse was clinging desperately to the angel part of him, was dragging it to the forefront to scream at it, to beg to be heard.
Dean nodded. "I'm gonna ask something, and I don't want you to answer it. I just wanna ask it, okay?"
He was a commander, a soldier. His breath tasted like gunpowder when he got angry. His fingers tapped on his sides when he got impatient, playing imaginary explosives.
“You’re an assho—”
Castiel repeated. "So
“Impressive.” Dean bit playfully at Castiel’s bicep. “Next question: have you ever had a mullet?”
Dean exclaimed, grabbing his hand and upping their pace. “Why the fuck didn’t you just
something from me.”
You're mad at me. I know. And I'm mad at me, too. But I think we both knew this was coming eventually. The day when the Winchester Brothers are separated for good.
"But have you heard the story of the rabbit in the moon
"Are you coming over?"
Dean was pushed against the wall, Castiel’s hand over his mouth and Castiel’s body pressed against his.
“Too late for that, buddy.”
steal them. He caught their soundwaves and filed them away for rainy nights, for when the stars refused to exist and only the echoing thunder reverberated across his shaking brain. He put them away for safe keeping, in case this was a fluke, in case Castiel woke up and realized what a mistake he had made.
a few hours early bc I can
miss him.
“I think our dice are rigged.”
"Ah, yes, but... Castiel," Michael tutted, tongue swiping across Dean's bottom lip. "It sure would be fun to try." He grinned.
“It was my birthday today,” Sam told the covers, sitting down upon them. “Everyone showed up. It was fantastic. You would’ve loved it.”
She sniffed and held out her hand. “Hi. My name is Mary Winchester. I’m your mom.”
There, bathed in blue light, was this being he had spent the last however-long talking to and arguing with.
Dean let out a breath. “You’re all I have faith in.”
thousands of years to talk things out. And even if we did… I’m… scared for him.” Dean looked at the only decoration in the room. It was a picture of him. “I want to be here and help him but… you felt it, too, didn’t you? At the reception?”
Shall I sleep within your bed
Something fell out, and Cas panicked at the thought of damaging the disc.
"You're gonna let me save you?"
"Yeah well, Sam has always been a bit of a handf—"
Dean’s entire body tensed as water rushed back into his lungs and he desperately tried not to convulse.
“Mmhm.”
Sam shook his head.
“Oh, no. You misunderstand me.” He glared at Naomi. “She can have a choice. She can either choose to help us of her own free will, or she can go to jail. As you said yourself, there is no place for violence and threats in our New Heaven.” The angels grew visibly worried as power and lightning began circling the raging archangel.
“Are you gonna marry him?”
Dean leaned closer to Castiel, and whispered, "Hey, buddy?"
Fergus took a bite of the pudding, crinkling his nose. "Rescued?"
I'll be good! I'll do what you ask and I'll wash the dishes and I won't even ask for a dog once!"
She wrapped her arms around him, burying her face in his shoulder. “I missed you,” she told him plainly.
Maggie snorted. “That didn’t sound too sure.”
"Sell stuff at the farmers market?"
Castiel chuckled softly to himself, brushing Dean’s hair back. “So you think we’re in this so-called ‘cupcake phase’?”
Sam froze, hand still poised to pack coffee grounds into the rudimentary machine. “Um.”
Sam took a sip and let out an appreciative breath. "This is good. Thank you."
"Okay Professor Cas, I didn't know this was going to be an entire discussion on an entirely alternate universe. I mean, if Mom and Dad had never fallen in love, Sam and I wouldn't even exist so the point's kinda null, ain't it?"
I have always been a storm"
"That's not really a full question."
“No, I—” Charlie looked down at her hands, eyes bouncing. “I think—”
Dean smiled against his lips. “Run down the hall with me. We’ve discussed this already.”
influence on him." She thrust her arms out, doing her best impression of Maggie. "See and hearken, all who labor under the Heavens! Listen to the boy's mannerisms, his colloquialisms, his humor! This ruddy youth hath learned to speaketh with the times!"
“Fuck,” Dean whispered, removing his hands like they were burning Castiel. “Fuck I’m— I’m so sorry I shouldn’t have— You’re an angel and I— I’m a demon and—“
Jody motioned to her. "Then please, go ahead."
Nothing that I wouldn’t do
“Sammy, I’m
Claire pursed her lips, expression unreadable. “I was.”
possess Castiel because you wanted to bone me?”
“Not a chance!” Dean yelled back, grinning.
“Perhaps you should answer.”
Sam laughed softly. "I guess we can have the conversation like this if we need to."
together!” Michael yelled back, heel hitting Dean in the ribs. Dean stumbled back into the wall, hand pressed against his side.
Sam laughed softly. "What? Rowena wouldn't let you interrupt her spells?"
Dean gasped in air, his lungs burning, and slid out of bed.
Rowena huffed and waved her hand. "I'll find a spell for this later. For now, tell me what happened."
Dean glanced off into the void, thinking. “I could talk to Castiel about time, if it helps.”
Castiel kissed him forcefully, pushing inside with no preamble, a slow, rising burn. Dean made some sound in his mouth, hands gripping tightly at Cas’s shoulders. “Let’s find out,” Cas all but growled.
Our feet had never touched solid ground before, our soles had never been dirty. We laughed and ran and played, drinking the water and watching as things swam about in it.
Honeybee"
you leave here, you’re gone!”
Dean leaned in and bit Castiel's bottom lip, pulling back slowly.
can’t go dressed like
Even in the pitch black of his own sinking ship, he recognized the scent.
His memories of it were hazy at best, and didn't quite make sense. Like a memory of eighth grade that turned out to be a memory of second. He couldn't place the last time he was here.
Ocean eyes.
“Hey, hey, heyheyheyJ-j-j-j-j-j-”
“So it seems. Talk to me when we dismiss.” Michael sat back in his chair, motioning to Raphael to continue.
knight is in the way of that." Cas smirked. "I believe I get a kiss?"
Title taken from "Cecilia and the Satellite" by Andrew McMahon and the Wilderness
how you penetrate my heart
“Yeah?” Dean scooted closer, the smell of ozone tingling his nose. “Did I tell you I’d worship you?”
“Deep in the forest,
“How’s that spell coming along?” he asked Rowena.
He pursed his lips, looking anywhere but her. “So uh… does this count as coming out?”
I hated it, Dean. I hated it so. I hated it with the fierceness only someone who has just discovered hate can have.
“We were
“And if I asked you to make space for me here?” Castiel pointed in the direction of Dean’s home.
my favorite animal is a bird but it's not a
he told Dean.
You took off.
“What rules? You’re making the rules.”
"Jack's here," Sam told Rowena.
"I mean…" Maggie shrugged. "Life's shit, ya know? But we're in a vintage car, and we're listening to Queen, and you're wearing my shirt."
Mary's mouth was open in shock, so Sam just finished his toast. "And my sister!"
Sam held out his arms to Maggie, who laughed and stepped into a hug. "I'm ssssoooo happy for you and Claire," he told her. "And for you. You kep' my head above water." He leaned his cheek against the top of her head, humming contentedly. "Are ya takin' her name or is she takin' yours?"
Jack tightened his arms around her in his sleep, the tell-tale soft brush of underfeathers against her arms. These were soft. These were nice.
"There once was a little boy named Sam…"
Sam smushed Dean’s cheeks, and Dean gave him a kiss.
Gabriel let out a long breath. "No. It makes you human."
Dean waved him off. "Joke's on him though because I really... I really needed this. I didn't actually get to say goodbye to you."
All I got was the promise that were I not to complete my mission, Naomi would.
"Queerbaiting?"
Jack practically beamed at him. “Thank you. It will be nice to have Dean and Castiel back.”
Dean’s face went full bitch.
Gabriel was never very good at comfort. He told hard truths. He was the Herald. He was the Messenger. “Love is a funny thing.”
"I know. You've gotta see for yourself."
"Aye. I've got a strong feeling."
"...you could've come after me."
then?”
"Charles—"
Jack hung up the phone, sitting it back on the tiled floor beside Claire.
Purgatory
“And I’ve been avoiding said talk.”
Charlie snorted. “Yeah, what gave it away?”
"I really wish I could play my own."
I remember the cold. It was cold in Egypt that night. The wind whipped against my face and it
Charlie pulled out a chair for Mary to sit in. “No. We have a pretty big network of hunters. We can still run intel stuff here but… we’re all out. As out as you can get, anyways.”
Donna smiled to herself. "It's 4am," she countered. "This can wait til tomorrow."
“No,” Dean said, surprising even himself. “Not a chance.”
It took all of Sam's self-control not to flip the table.
Jack’s grip on the bat tightened. His shoulders tensed. “He left all of us. Like we didn’t matter.”
Gabriel frowned. “I’m sorry I couldn’t heal your eyes.”
'Til eternity passes away
Dean held Sam tighter. “Hell was awful,” Dean whispered. “I hope you never have to go.”
something to me? You think you’re
he asked again, resting one finger over Dean’s heart.
“Can… Can you tell me about time first? Because if it all doesn’t line up, there’s nothing to worry about.”
“Yeah.”
“We are both going in, and you are being uncooperative,” Castiel said plainly, undoing a few more buttons. If he noticed a subtle shift towards
"So you can keep torturin' me, over and over, always knowin' exactly how I'm gonna react and plannin' accordingly. That's what your kind do. That's what
And, with a parting growl, Naomi was no more.
"Ah yes," he'd respond, "because you live off ambrosia and nectar and often have bastard children with us mortals." And Patroclus would bat his eyelashes at me, and tease, "Are you going to have bastard children with me, Achilles?"
"I'm here, I'm here," Sam said, forcing his eyes open. It was dark and fluffy. "What's uh… what's up?"
Castiel's hand had shook against Dean's head as he knocked him out amid screams of
He should tell Cas. He should tell him. He should tell him right now.
Dean smiled to himself.
Claire stared down at her hands, frowning. "Don't forget it. Any of it."
was your favorite animal."
"That was it," Sam said, huffing out what wasn't quite a laugh. "That was goodbye. That was the end."
Gabriel turned beet red as Rowena choked on her drink.
"Uh, no, no it is not. Unfortunately."
Sam tapped the bottle against his chin thoughtfully. “I wonder if I could make him call me Dad…”
"Oh, so
“I will be fine down here. Believe me. It’s safe down here.”
It felt like dreams he used to have, of waking up to his mother’s smile, breakfast ready, baby Sammy in his crib.
"I just said that."
Gabriel liked those the most. He would light up his grace, and the reaction was as beautiful as it was explosive. Though I know it isn't so, it always seemed as if light came from nothing. His eyes would glow bright, and the swirling elements would clap into him, as if sucked in by a vacuum. It was so fast, so intense, that they stopped being elements and started being stars.
“Who are you?!” Dean demanded.
“Hell yeah.”
“How’s yours coming along?” Jack asked, squinting at his own.
Gabriel grinned at him. "Hey, Cassie."
do this alone."
You really know how to make me cry
He shrugged. “Both?”
Dean leaned his head back against the wall, feeling panic bubbling up inside him. He quelled it by wrapping a leg around Castiel. "Then just make a bad choice. Who gives a shit? It's just us. It's just you and me."
“Though humans do imagine many things, quite a few of their so-called sea monsters aren’t imagined.”
It was the line
And when I wake tomorrow I'll bet
you want to hear about him?"
“What.”
Sam screamed.
Charlie sighed, turning to face them. "If I told you that, what's to keep something from using that against us?"
alike!” Michael threw a punch, but Dean pinned his hands down.
“C’mon. Take a breath and try again.”
"What is this place?"
Maggie tucked it behind her ear, hair falling out of her braid.
to yourself, Sam!"
“Wanna get coffee today?”
"Then I suggest a break. Besides, this is merely a backup plan. Put more faith into Operation E, Dad," Jack said, smiling at Sam.
I am going with my brother.”
Sam raised his head to look at Jack, standing in the doorway. “Hey, kid.”
What. Is. This.”
he said his name, and so snarled back, “What?”
“Woulda been nice if ye had told me, though. I’ve been borrowin’ Charlie’s clothes.”
They locked weapons and eyes, and Maggie panted a moment before saying, "It's a dick, my dude."
He ever made was making all of you
"Yeah? Well you can kiss my balls, dickface." Dean scratched aimlessly at the hinges. "Who made this shit show? Was it you, Alastair?"
Dean winced. "Please," he added softly.
"Sam."
Jack laughed softly, scooting along the empty bottom of the cleaned pool to Claire. “I like yours. It’s very… abstract. Is that a horse?”
Dean retracted his hand as well. “If you never had, a lot of people would be dead.”
"'Course I'm sure."
He turned on an engine that hadn't been turned on in months (as far as he knew), and drove. Just fucking drove.
And I was like, “No way. This is already embarrassing, there is
"Okay," he relented, holding her sobbing form. "Okay. We're family, Claire. You're my family. I love you. Is that what you want to hear? I love you."
It had been a few days before Sam cornered him, alone.
Cas was grinning against his mouth, biting gently at his lips before angling out and back in, relishing the low, drawn-out noise that left Dean’s tongue.
I threw everything I have into the flames just to make it last"
the demon, goddammit!
"I'm here I'm here I'm here," Dean whispered back, doing everything he could to reassure his brother.
Maggie stopped running abruptly, eyes wide. Sam ran a few more steps before he managed to stop and look back.
To his surprise, Michael laughed softly.
Gabriel grinned. "Woe is me."
years and you've been stuck in one spot!"
He looked back at her, grinning. "You know you loved that book."
Dust on Earth is grey, lifeless matter. This was not that. This, these dust clouds, were spectacular. They were many colors and shapes, made out of elements your kind hasn't even discovered yet. They would swirl against our fingertips, cloud our vision with colors. They were the embodiment of potential. They could be anything. Any bit of this could become something extraordinary.
Nor was it a deathly quiet, as if the Bunker had rid itself of every soul contained therein.
Gabe looked him over, taking him in. "May I ask a question?" he said softly.
Jody and Donna both pulled him in for a hug that left him feeling a little misshapen. “Drive safe, you two,” Sam told them, squinting in the sunlight.
"What do you want me to call you then?"
"Okay," Gabriel mumbled, taking off his outer layers and diving to the bottom with him.
Rowena was pulling Fergus out of the kitchen before he could even process that statement. "Come now, I've got the perfect bedroom for ye!"
He felt a shuffle beside him and jumped, not yet ready to face the archangel.
"I'm not asking you to," Gabriel whispered back.
As if on cue, a doorbell rang throughout the Bunker.
“Okay, so. Stand like this, um, I know I’m taller than you but pretend I’m not if it’s easier. Put your hand here — no, here, and now move your feet… Yeah, that's it!"
And Artemis turned her tear-stained face to the sky and wept until the stars showed Dean's face.
“Like shit,” Claire responded. “What about yours?” She turned to look at him and immediately let out a frustrated noise. “YOURS IS FUCKING PERFECT, YOU ASS!”
Dean stared at him before laughing, a fresh downpour of tears falling. “Oh god. Dad would’ve sent us both to reform camp.”
Claire spun around, grinning. “Have you ever planned a party?”
“Thanks. See ya soon.”
Cas,” Dean said, not sure where to put his hands, not sure where there was that they wouldn’t ultimately find Cas again.
“I become human. And down here… I don’t know. I can’t die. But that doesn’t mean my existence would be a pleasant one.”
"Of course we do."
Claire seemed a little too eager to be working with power tools.
“And yet here we are,” Maggie teased, grinning as she pressed play on the game again.
“Have we lived other lifetimes together?”
anything that would reveal that he was lying.
"Being human sucks."
Sam shook his head. "You didn't see her, back in your world. Monsters murdered almost her entire group, and she
So now, with Dean stopped dead cold in the middle of a bar in Podunk, Nowhere, once again all he could think was,
Castiel looked down at Sam, and, though Sam could not see it, there was worry on his face. “Have you… been here before?”
His shirt was merciless against his skin, so he tore it off. His jeans came next, too rough, too weathered. Shoes. Socks.
Sam frowned and looked down a moment. “Uh. Um, I think I’m supposed to ask you what the…
Dean shook his head. "You're an idiot."
They were afraid of
“I mean, it would float out eventually, right?”
“Then what do you want me to promise?”
“Can I help?” Gabriel asked quietly.
“Sure ye are. Anyway, I’m not worryin’ at the moment. I’m jest enjoying chattin’ with my friend.”
"I've got to keep us on the same timeline and if time isn't linear that makes it five million times harder, but
when your soul embarks,
Bobby sat down beside her on the edge of the pool, legs dangling. "How ya feelin'?"
And Haeliel said nothing, but instead stepped forward into a desperate embrace.
“How can you possibly still touch me after knowing this? After knowing what I’ve done?”
Title taken from "Song for a Friend" by Jason Mraz
“Like I said.”
"Three, sometimes four. Depends on where you are and who you ask."
“Don’t tempt me.” Sam ducked under a branch and Dean did the same. “Besides, you’ll actually like this.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Remember your virtue,
There, on the front, in a familiar, old handwriting, it said:
And let me go
"I think your
on Dean, maybe we could figure out what happened with Jack in the kitchen."
"Still asleep, I think." Jody closed the door behind Rowena and leaned against it, yawning slightly. "We all had a pretty rough night. I barely got him patched up, what with all the — well. Anyway. Glad you're here."
“There doesn’t.”
For now, Dean and Castiel were busy pressing ‘I love you’s to lips and cheeks and hands and hair.
"Orpheus,
And yes, yes she was Claire. But she was Artemis as well. "Hello, Orion," she told Dean, and it only made sense as she tapped her bow against his. "You're going hunting today?"
ooh it's hell"
"Nice."
It's like a piece of me is missing."
There was a rolling sound, like thunder on the horizon, and a deep, permeating feeling of apology.
Dean responded, running as fast as he could. “Not
"What--?"
And there was a softer edge to his voice when he responded, "Hello, Dean."
Mark directed Dean to a cool lookout over the whole town. Dean and Mark put on some old cassette and left the doors open as they went outside to finish their dance under the stars. I remember the song ended and Dean glanced back at me and smiled wider than I’d ever seen him smile and asked if I wanted to learn how to dance.
Title from the song "Dove and the Waterline" by Jeffrey Foucault
About the bugs and alphabet
There was this girl in my class, right? Her name was Isabelle. We used to study in the library together sometimes. Ya know, looking back I think she was just copying my notes but, for a kid and a pretty girl, it was amazing to me.
“I get that a lot.” Dean calmed his racing heart. “Who are you?”
Claire saw Dean's face in the stars. "You used to tell me stories," she told him, "about the stars, and what they meant. That's why we came up here. It was my favorite thing."
"Alright, but you should know I'm vegetarian."
“You should know I can’t sing very well.”
“I… Thank ye.”
Castiel hid his smile. “Yes well, for the sake of sharing secrets…” he side-eyed Dean, “I might have also thought of this once or twice.”
It felt like the dead of night. Or maybe it was afternoon. It was impossible to tell, and Sam snoring away at the foot of the bed didn't help.
'Til I breathe my last breath
Dean’s lips twitched into a smile. “What can you tell me about time?”
Gabriel held his hands up in surrender. “Hey. I’m just saying you’re way more selfless than I am. Because, I mean, Castiel
Without warning, there was a deep rumble, as if the Bunker itself was growling.
Dean swallowed harshly. “Like… Like what?”
Dean pressed the fragile shell still in his hands to his chest, eyes wide. "You can't—"
yourself for me! I don't
“Yeah.”
"My name is Castiel."
me to!” Castiel had stormed closer, had bared his teeth and his throat, eyes hellfire and mouth suddenly the same, crashed against Dean’s. “I loved you, too, you
"What's the rush?" Sam asked, laughing softly. "There will be plenty of time for that. Why don't we go find you some actual food?"
Dean sighed and stretched his arms out over his head.
It felt like home.
Jack groaned, falling back against the tile. “I don’t know if two hours is enough time.”
"If the end of the world was near
Gabriel put his head in his hands, suppressing a groan. The meeting was still going on, with everyone getting to share their opinions about the topic. It was important — he
With what could only be construed as a
Sam flipped his welding mask up, grinning at them. “Hey!”
"I'm afraid your
Claire raised an eyebrow. “You mean after this?”
“I missed you, too, Sam.”
Castiel sighed. "What do you want me to say? That I fear Death? I do not. That I fear loneliness? I am more lonely than you can bear to fathom. That I fear the Unknown? I am in it."
"Listen to me now because I will
But I linger on, dear"
"Th's wha' I meant." Dean's words were slow, slurring. "Always had somethin' 'bout ya, Cas. Seemed t' grow e'ery time I looked at ya. Couldn't hardly stand it."
“You really think you have the power to break
Castiel felt Dean's heartbeat against his fingerprints. If he strained a bit, used some of his finite grace, he could see the spiderweb of veins across his throat, the pores in his bones, the cracks in his soul.
Claire grinned at him. “Good. Let’s go.”
"Cas, I-"
"MY FATHER WAS MADE TO BE THE
Jack got into hitting position, saying nothing.
There was Charlie and a girl he hadn’t seen with a tattoo sleeve looking at her lovingly. There was Mary, one hand on her stomach and the other around Bobby. Gabriel sat between Sam and Rowena, playing with each of their hair absently. Fergus sat to the side of Rowena, firmly ignoring Gabriel playing with her hair. Jody stood beneath the arch with a book, smiling at Claire and Castiel. Donna sat as close as she could to Jody, camera in-hand, and Jack perched beside her, ready with extra batteries and SD cards.
"Yeah."
“You say that as if it’s a bad thing,” Dean teased.
Sam. We're happy, even! We have our own little place, and we can talk and cuddle and whatever the fuck else as much as we want."
he prayed.
Castiel's fingers curled in Dean's hair.
"Cas, buddy, you've been carrying all of my shit since the day you got involved in my mess. I wanna help you back. If you'll let me."
“Dean,” he breathed, relief evident in his voice.
Dean kissed each of Castiel’s hands in turn. “This is me marrying you, Castiel.”
When everything stays"
“It’s just… That’s so
“I hate it.”
Castiel had made sure of that.
"Let's put some on now!"
Dean dragged him up for a kiss deep and dark and desperate, moans hiding in the back of his throat as he came, trembling and shaking and
"That's an egg," Jack said, wings fluffing in surprise.
she comes and helps. Charlie too."
“You’re an angel,” Dean repeated quietly, as if berating himself.
“I wanted to apologize,” Sam told him, leaning his arms on the tabletop. “For saying nothing was wrong.”
"I'm like, 98% sure."
terrified it would be him.
Sam's bottom lip was trembling. "You didn't even say goodbye."
"Dean," she said, "you can't."
“I’m not laughing,” Jack said shakily, and Gabriel watched tears streak down his face.
And, just now, his teeth grit as Dean pushed against every square inch of the box, one by one.
"Cas?"
"Good 'cause I'm not movin'."
Know that I will never marry
But, most of all, Dean hated how much he wanted to like this demon.
"Stop!"
A deep growl bounced against Dean’s brain and he flinched. “Cas,” Dean pleaded.
"I'm sorry," came Sam's voice behind him.
"Let's not."
and Sam, and there's
We found an old kite somewhere, and we tied the strings between trees as little makeshift goals. Sometimes other kids would play with us, but it was mostly just me and him.
“It’s always like that around here.” She shrugged. “I’ll keep everyone at bay for a bit, let you guys get some peace and quiet.”
"Olympus," Dean whispered.
It was like lightning inside the building, lights bursting and sparks raining down. A man walked in, slowly, taking his damn time. His eyes never left Dean.
Before Castiel could do so much as turn around, Claire and Maggie had situated themselves in the free chairs, looking on expectantly.
Sam opened his eyes, and more tears spilled out. "What?"
Jody shrugged. "You seem a lot closer to her than I am. I'd ask her, but…"
“I… I wanted proof.”
Dean’s hand trailed down Castiel’s chest. “And this?”
"What did ye
“What are they like? I’ve never had grandkids before.” Mary thumbed away his tears.
“Did you keep it?”
Of how complete I used to be
(See the end of the chapter for
They breathed each other’s air, eyes closed, silence all around them. Horns and halo tangled where their lips didn’t meet.
Sam and Maggie were jogging, early morning. The sun was just rising over the treetops, and the sweltering heat hadn’t quite happened yet. It was cool for May.
"You know Bobby, of course. He and Mary led a group of Apocalypse World refugees—"
Castiel frowned in the dark. “Michael would’ve had you. Our Michael, the one I grew up with. He would’ve fought Lucifer, and he would have won. There is no doubt to that. Half the planet would have gone up in flames in the battle. But humans… They’re resourceful. That’s what I wonder most. If the world had been destroyed, would it be okay again by now? Would humanity have banded together to create an even better world? Would you and Sam be happily residing in Heaven, instead of-” Castiel cut himself off with a harsh exhale.
“Ugh. If I had the option to never have to use the bathroom again, I would take it in a heartbeat.”
“I love you,” Castiel said on the exhale, thrusting into Dean on the inhale. “You beautiful creature, I love you.”
This chapter is about a biblical event. It's dark. I mean it. Kids die. Read at your own risk.
Dean couldn’t help the laugh that tumbled out of him, even as his chest was now soaking with frigid water.
“If you don’t want me to, just say the word.”
Claire looked at him in surprise. "He did the same thing with me."
Michael let out a feral growl, more angel than human, and shoved Dean to the ground, scratching and biting.
"You killed all those people and only
Sam's gaze softened. "Fergus, you can stay here."
"You and me and Jack, right? And Jody and Donna and Charlie, and Maggie, and Bobby and Mom. That's a lot of us, Claire, and we all gotta stick together, okay?" He pressed his lips to the top of her head.
Jack waited and watched the portal.
But there were
Dean tossed his hands up, smirking. "I'm full of surprises."
"Healthy, I think. But she seems to love certain junk things, too. Especially Twinkies."
Sam squished Dean’s face again. “Dada,” he repeated firmly.
"And why would I have done that?"
He pocketed the knife and slid back up, directly into a snuggle.
Dean grimaced. “Okay. Tell everyone I said hi. Whoever that all is.”
And Sam was bawling, loud and brash. "Why don't you want me?" he cried.
Anyone.
And maybe he should've told someone.
"You idiot," he heard a voice say somewhere far away. There were soft lips against his cheek, and that same voice within his ear, shakily, "It was always you, too."
“Says the man with war paint on.”
But you can't go home again"
When Sam had said "Let's go on a picnic", Claire had heard "Let's go camping."
“Truly, your libido knows no bounds.”
Raphael looked around one more time. “This is your final chance. Is anyone here opposed to opening Heaven’s borders?”
“Do you regret it?” Dean blurted out. “Turning against Heaven?”
And dreams are dreams are dreams, and she stared at Dean in a grassy field.
for Sam. He’s my brother. It’s required.” Dean kissed each of his fingers in turn. “But the rest of it is yours.”
Sam removed the sunglasses carefully, empty eye sockets jarring against his face. “Okay.”
Gabriel grumbled, “At least he can’t make those damned puppy eyes right now.”
Jody smoothed Sam’s hair for him. “We’re gonna miss you, Sam.
"I don't remember you being here," he said quietly, so quietly. It still felt loud.
Fergus laid the bags on the kitchen island, looking around. "The actual Bunker is quite nice," he remarked. "I've only ever seen the dungeon."
I'm the satellite
Jack pressed his face into Gabriel's shoulder. "I wanna just sit here for a bit, if that's okay."
“Sorry bud, but I didn’t bring my Walkman with me.”
"See? Not so hard," Castiel teased.
"Yes."
Gabriel gestured around them. "Fancy a fly around the forest?"
“Ehhhh,” Sam shrugged. “Guilty as charged.”
yet but—”
"Awesome, except… the rooms all moved, too."
“SURPRISE!” many voices yelled, causing Sam to scream a little.
Dean looked at the ground, frowning as the ringing stopped. “And what if I should just let him go?”
“They all want to see you,” Claire told the sneaking form.
Gabriel asked anyway, one hand hovering over the bone.
"Never heard of it."
The same air as you
"Yeah, for sure." Claire started up She-Ra. "Catra is bae in this."
"What do you think?"
I'm counting down the days to go
“Nowhere why?” Gabriel said too quickly.
"Just started on Tombstone."
Sam gave her a quizzical smile. “Yes, Maggie?”
And I'll keep reminding
"I'm not him," the voice whispered shakily. "I am not Alastair. This is not Hell."
I thought I heard the shuffle of the angel's feet
“I was beginning to think the same,” Sam responded softly. He could feel a soft tugging, like he didn’t have much more time. “I’ve got to go.”
"Purgatory."
The surface of the pool had long since settled. It distorted the colorful ceiling, making patterns Gabriel had never seen before.
Dean stifled his laughter. “Fair. Was the moon landing faked?”
I remember not being able to go on.
'Because I've never been able to resist you.'
“Ju-”
The best by far is you
Title from "Snow (Hey Oh)" by the Red Hot Chili Peppers
was a piece of cracked glass he had tried to seduce with tongue and teeth and throat too many times. “But sometimes we miss things that were bad for us.”
She motioned towards the doorway. Sam turned to look at Jack, all smiles and sweat.
Castiel kissed Dean's collarbone softly. "Where were we?"
“That you’ll never get to see bees again.”
Rowena hissed at Gabriel, yanking him aside. "He's broken!"
"I don't have a lot of information yet. This is just a test run to see if it could even work. We're working on a way to get you back and still leave Michael in the box."
But if you found Sam’s first, you know what this is. This is goodbye. And, unfortunately, this will be a very selfish goodbye.
They listened to the bacon sizzle for a while.
nephilim? Unlikely story, Dean."
"And I fully expect you two to tell me everything when we get you both out."
Well we can all learn things both many and a few
Dean opened his eyes to try and see Castiel. “Somewhere I wasn’t called Dean Winchester.”
“Did I really mean that little to him? After everything?”
Sam muttered something that sounded a lot like, "Me neither" before standing up. "I'll see you soon, Dean. Oh, wait! Before I go, have you started reenacting old westerns yet? I have a bet to win."
Heya Sammy.
“I’m going to get you and Cas out of here.” Sam laughed, tired and relieved at the same time. “We’re actually just about to do that. Everything is in place.”
“Tell me about Creation. Not as in like, your childhood but... the planets,” Dean said softly, eyes open to the endless dark, imagining he could still see the sky. "The stars." Why didn’t he memorize them, all those nights he had lain underneath them? Now he could only pretend to see dots with no form, no hidden shapes. Had he forgotten the night sky, so quickly? What else had he forgotten? “Please,” he added, desperate to escape his thoughts that had begun to pound like fists.
angel, this was a
"Bear," Dean said, picking up an old vinyl. "Check it out."
“Sam!” Claire yelled out, pulling Maggie into the garage. Maggie’s arm was laced with Jack’s, and they were a train entering the room.
And daddy's dead and gone"
“Stop it,” Jack said through clenched teeth.
So when Claire landed a hit on Charlie's jaw, it was Sam ignoring her when she walked into the Bunker.
Dean turned to face him, anger welling up inside him. “Take me back.”
On her way down the aisle, Claire leaned over and picked a single dandelion, fully bloomed, and gave it to Maggie the moment she was within reach.
Oh why
They dropped the Ma’lak box into the sand.
Nothing changed.
I went to gather figs one morning, and he was gone.
“Maybe. We could do that for Dad’s birthday?”
It was still and quiet, and Dean held Sam tight as he waited for whatever this was to end.
“There is nothing you can do.”
"Worrying…. voicemail…" Sam repeated, struggling to put two and two together.
“He did.”
The vertigo caught Castiel off-guard as he was mercilessly shoved back into his tiny, tiny vessel.
Sam smiled at the plate, face going as red as it had been the night before. “Okay.” He met Gabriel’s eyes, and it was summer. “Where’s Rowena?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam looked behind him, at something Dean couldn’t see. “I’ve gotta go now, okay? Just, remember you’ll see me one more time, and then you and Cas will be out. Tell him I said hi.”
Sam looped his thumbs through Gabriel’s belt loops, pulling him in flush against him. “What sort of mischief are you two up to?” he mumbled.
"Are you going to talk?"
"Also," Castiel continued, "I wouldn't even have a vessel. That's a major problem right there, which I'm sure your eyes can attest to. I am still sorry about that, by the way."
“Did it hurt when you fell from Heaven?” Dean joked.
Jack blew his bangs out of his eyes.
"I'm gonna tell him goodbye."
There was the sound of a throat clearing, and Dean looked up to see Sam sitting across from him at a table for two. “Uh, sorry to interrupt.”
I remember Dean and Mark exchanged this look and kinda nodded at each other.
They were almost out of the back entrance when Claire called out, “Hey!”
"You p-promised," Sam told him.
“Is this okay?” Cas asked, pleasure coiling tightly in his stomach, a feeling he was very unused to.
I don’t know how clear to make this. I want to say it so you understand, so you never doubt that I was so gone on you that I would have followed you to the ends of the Earth. Romantically, deeply in love with you. You, Castiel. I’m in love with you, and I’m sorry.
Which, of course, makes
"And risk creating
"A fifth dimension," he said determinedly. "Not of sight and sound but mind."
“Will you teach me one?”
Title taken from "In the Absence of Everything, I Promise to Keep you Warm" by Flatsound
"Do you think Sam and I would've gone to Heaven? If all this shit had never happened, and we were still living happily in Kansas?"
And I’ll protect you in day.’
“No.” Dean crossed his arms, rubbed the side of his face against his shoulder. It still felt warm, still felt like
"Soooo... Tentacle porn?" Dean said, eyebrows raised.
Cas shrugged as if it didn’t matter to him and gestured. “Then, please do.” He pulled off his suit jacket and tossed it aside, tie quickly following.
"Take me up to your glory Elizabeth
"I'm going for a jog tomorrow morning…" Sam teased.
“Dean Winchester, I have been plagued by memories of your warmth for what feels like eons. Do not make me wait any longer.”
“Liftoff.”
that met him. Death might not fully surround him, but Decay did, and Rot, and Famine. Dean Winchester was sinking in muck, and he did not deserve to be saved.
Bargaining, Sam had told himself. He was stuck in
Jack dropped the paper and pens. "You're joking."
kept kickin' me in the leg.”
“Not… Jack did, and I heard it through Jack.” Sam wrapped his arms around himself absently. “I thought I was going to lose him.”
I just want a slow dance with you
Dean leaned close to Sam. “Winchester baseball?” he asked.
Home, and I'm welcome no more"
"I'm here, bud."
"The portal gonna be okay?" Sam asked Charlie as she unrolled her sleeping bag.
"But we were playing hide and seek, right? That's what you said?"
I thought you were gone.
"If ye don't want to talk, I understand. It can be hard to talk abou' things like this. Jest know I'm here for ye."
to underestimate you anymore!” He pulled Dean away and rammed him hard back into the wall. “Tell me you weren’t going to tell Castiel you wanted to stay. Go on, Dean.
Do you know
Castiel jerked back. “Jack has talked to Dean?”
"Gotta make sure you don't have any head injuries."
"What about?"
"Get your ass in
“He is my
Sam closed his eyes. “I’m still here.”
“Jack decided he wanted to. As long as it stays away from other, potentially fertile birds, it should be okay.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas let out a breath.
"Oh, good question. Give me a moment to ponder it."
"And you think I'm going to stop trying just because you said so? News flash, Dean! I don't ever listen to authority figur—"
"They are!" Sam responded, relieved Dean wasn't upset about having to wait. "I thought the walls could use a little decoration."
"Oh, without a doubt."
“No,” Gabriel responded with no hesitation. “But I hope I’m wrong.”
It became clear very quick that no one really knew the rules, and so they just began making up their own.
"I like here, too."
"You're doing this for me."
The sand beside him shifted, and someone sat down.
and Sam, and I think there's also kinda you and
"I take it that was not good?"
"Well let's go!" Dean said, jumping out of his chair and heading towards the door.
“Sam loves you.”
Cas shook his head, sighing. "Dean, you can hear me. I know you can."
And it was Claire, and she was panicked and coughing and begging Castiel to tell her what was going on.
"And I can't… I can't just…" Sam took a shuddering breath, and Claire watched oceans fall from his eyes. "I can't lose another part of him," he finally whispered.
What life looks like from up above and down below
They left their bodies in Gabriel's room.
Claire stared at the ceiling.
"Okay. Okay, so, time isn't linear. We've already talked four times now."
Cas's bare chest could do that. Promise love. It could bring Dean to his knees, could make him change his ways, could make him feel unbroken. But Dean's ruts were furrowed deep into his own flesh, and barren chest and arched back could never fill them entirely. He walked his same paths, wheels wobbling but unable to chart a new course.
“Probably for the best.”
"I don't forgive you," Claire told him.
She passed the library, where Jody and Donna had passed out on the couch together. She passed room after room, hall after hall until she finally found Claire.
"I don't remember shit. Everything is all mixed up in my head. But you already knew that, huh? Bet you did it. Bet we've had this conversation before."
“So what’s the place like?”
TO BE YOUR VESSEL! BECAUSE WE'RE BOTH THE OLDEST! BECAUSE WE RAISED OUR SIBLINGS! BECAUSE WE FOLLOWED OUR FATHERS WITHOUT QUESTION! BECAUSE OUR FATHERS PUT US DOWN BEFORE WE COULD WALK AND TOLD US WE WERE MEN! BECAUSE THEY
For days to come when we'd be all right
Title taken from "Ocean Breathes Salty" by Modest Mouse
"Take a breath, Cas," Dean whispered.
Maggie laughed and inched away. “Yeah, no. No way I’m touching that thing.”
Sam grinned at Dean. “Well, it’s against
Dean held up his wrapper triumphantly. “Because he found his honey.”
"If Heaven and Hell decide
"I'll always be here for you," Claire whispered to Sam. "I'll always love you."
(fun fact: This is my parents' song ❤ )
"Breaker breaker, come in Dean."
Charlie closed the purple nail polish, grabbing a green one instead. “So is it just the sexual bit you don’t understand, or all of it?”
Dean I—"
fault I’m not on the soccer team!”
forgive us because He
Rowena was out of the vehicle before Sam had even unbuckled.
“I can try.”
Gabriel waved from where he was perched on a counter. “It’s true, I did.”
Mary looked between the two of them, smiling fondly. “Will you two be adopting?”
Tears slipped down his face, unbidden, and he knew.
Yes yes, I know this is a day late. But I was very — shall we say — ABSOLUTELY CONSUMED by a fanfic called The Shoebox Project. It is Harry Potter and it is fantastic, so, if I write a Remus/Sirius oneshot, you know why.
Sam gave Claire, Bobby, and Jody the blueprints for the Ma’lak box.
A grin slowly formed on Gabe’s face, and he bit his tongue to remain neutral. “Make it two and you’ve got yourself a deal.”
She smiled mischievously. "One," she agreed, holding up a single finger. "An' then it's greens from here on out."
There was darkness around me. There were faces staring at me from behind the bloodied doorways as I knelt in the dust and asked for deliverance.
"Oh my god there's a word."
Castiel’s hand caressed Dean’s cheek, and Dean bowed his head and cried.
“A friend.”
"Tonight."
“You clean up nice,” he breathed.
"Would you like to go for a walk?" Dean suggested, ignoring the heart pieces still trying to form into a coherent shape.
wet.”
Dean’s eyebrows raised in surprise. “I can’t sing.”
"Hm?"
“So I was gonna sleep in here, because I wanted to spend part of my fortieth birthday with Dean. I don’t think that’s too much to— That’s not too much to want. When it’s just this.”
Or she who leapt up mountains, while whistling up a tune
longer than you," Dean finished in horror. He looked all around them, at all the old pictures. "Sam. Where are the new pictures?"
"I was going to come by and see the both of you. I suppose you found me first, though."
Dean sighed, something deep and regretful. “Cas, this…” he gestured to his arm, “this
"Aye, the Bunker has a mind of its own. It's sentient."
“Anything I should know about my future self? Selves?”
Why don't you take the chance?
Sam raised an eyebrow, finally looking to Dean. “I fully expected you and Castiel to stay inside the Bunker for the rest of time,” he deadpanned.
"I wish I hated him," Sam found himself saying.
Gabriel barked out a laugh, smiling wide. “Hell yeah! I’ll be there!” He wiggled his eyebrows. “Need me to make you a wedding dress?”
this?"
Sam stared at Gabriel, speaking slow as if Gabe wouldn't understand, "They are girlfriends." He pulled Maggie close, as she had been trying to disentangle herself. "You two are Winchesters, one way or 'nother." His eyes sobered up for just a moment, looking at his partners. "I'd like to spend my life wi' you two."
"Well, no. You have this," Castiel pressed a soft kiss to Dean's grinning mouth.
"Are you alright?"
"Sam? Is that really you?"
And he was doing it without Dean.
"Okay."
Dean paused for a moment, then proceeded to clean himself as fast as he could, stumbling out of the lake and over to his phone.
The abruptness — the
Before she could stop him, Dean ran into the sea.
Castiel chuckled low and leaned in, kissing Dean softly. “Whatsoever shall I do with you?”
“Claire and Maggie moved their wedding date to tonight.” He wiggled his eyebrows. “Guess they just couldn’t wait.” He looked away, cheeks going slightly red. “Um, Sam prayed it to me.”
"I'll ask as many times as I damn well please! How long have we been here?!"
Dean was treading through underbrush. It clung to his legs, poked holes into his jeans. But there was a creek this way, he knew.
Talkin' love but I can't even read the signs
Title taken from "Slow Dance" by Babeo Baggins (and covered by Marceline)
Michael pursed his lips. “Gabriel, we cannot kill—”
“Fine, fine.”
That emotion pulsed at his ribs again, harshly. It
Ah, yes.
Sam finally smiled, shoulders relaxing a bit. “That’s great, Jack! That’s really, really great.”
Sam stepped out of the car, eyes wide as he approached, wishing to be right yet terrified he wasn't.
Castiel’s hand stilled. “You did?”
Gabriel began, “I just think it’s interesting that you’re mad on behalf of everyone else.”
Sam’s face was ghost white. “I… I didn’t mean for you to—”
Dean linked their fingers together. "I do. And I'm not sure how I know, but…" Dean finally stopped and opened a door. "Yeah."
Castiel took his hand back. It felt like it burned without Dean's skin against it. "I don't want them."
per se but I— I think that helped.”
Things are changing now, and I can't tell
So I’m at the motel room, and I’ve got on this terrible, I mean
“I’m so sorry, I should’ve checked the readings, I should’ve—”
"Here," Donna said, handing Jody a warm mug of tea.
"I missed you."
"Oh. They're not. Though, I understand the confusion."
“And Claire. She… She’s keeping me sane, I think. She’s dating Maggie now.”
is gonna make me kill him if I see him again. I know it will.”
wake up wonderin’ that… until I met you lot. An’ that’s how I know I’m doin’ better now. Because I’m constantly worried tha’ I’m not.”
And I held your hand through all of these years
refuse to talk about it! About your damn feelings for him! Just man up and talk to--"
"I read your memories. The timeline is on track now."
This was Dean’s room.
“Ugh,” Dean said, wrinkling his nose. “Not a fairy. Fairies
There was a knock on the door behind them. “Maybe someone else has what?” Gabriel asked, leaning against the wall with a sucker in his mouth.
So you've got this teensy little book nerd, and all he's missing is the broken, taped-up glasses and suspenders. And he. My brother, Sam. Sammy the nerd. Tries out for soccer.
"What are you missing?"
What do you want? I'll give it to you. Just don't take him. Please, Michael
But sometimes, sometimes you just have to walk away"
I will do
Claire tilted her head to the left, then the right. “They said they would be.”
Castiel's eyes were wide, throat dry. He couldn't answer.
So I…
“Is it working?”
Sam nodded seriously. "Maggie and Claire and Castiel and—" He pointed his drink at Mary, a bit sloshing out, waiting.
I traced my hand across the first doorpost, and it was covered in blood. I think I sighed in relief. I thought that maybe
"Why would he do that?"
"Rowena."
And then Castiel released a scream of his own.
Maggie looked at Claire, and Claire looked at Maggie. “We’re gonna stay here,” Claire finally said, leaning on the lid of the box. “We have a garden started so we can sell produce, and we’ll keep Sam company for as long as he’ll have us.”
"I know. But there's no changing it."
He tried to believe in Sam, to mirror his faith. But Gabriel found there was only dread in the pit of his stomach.
I remember when Mom brought you home. I was so worried, and then I saw you. You were perfect. Just this little baby thing, with tiny feet and hands reaching out for me. I loved you immediately, and I have loved you every moment since.
They felt like her brother, like her mother, like her aunt, like her grandma, like everyone she had ever lost.
“Pretty much.”
Sam opened his mouth to respond and found he couldn’t.
Cas sighed, looking at the carved stars. "Because I know you, Dean."
Jack toed at some moss that had found its way onto the floor. “Should we invite Mary over?”
Charlie slid into the room, breathing hard. “SAM!”
She handed Claire a machete and they both dismounted the bed quietly, padding to the hallway.
"You would have an untethered angel in your Bunker. Sam. Do not beat yourself up over this. I
It was Jack's doing; he was sure of it. He fished his cellphone out of his pocket, not bothering to move from where he was smushed into something soft.
Claire nodded, disjointed and awkward. "He wasn't gone. He was never really gone until he was
"Yep." Maggie handed Claire her own coffee before going to get a new one.
have a heart-to-heart with the universe until they understand what evil they caused, and then what? Heaven? Reincarnation? And where are the souls from Hell? Where did the monsters in Purgatory go? What the
these?!”
“Huh,” Dean deadpanned. “Guess that ass really
He shook his head. "I mean it, Mags. It listens."
Rowena sucked in a breath. "Oh,
He grinned. “Your family is so fuckin’ cute, you know that?”
Michael nor
“Perhaps,” Castiel teased. “Though, to be fair, it
Which is why she, Maggie, and Jack were pitching three tents while an exasperated Jody tried to take them down.
With an inhale of water, he knew where he was again.
“Okay,” Maggie responded, smiling. “Um, back to the plan?”
was supposed to be doin', too, but I guess I fucked up somewhere along the way." Dean gave a fruitless kick at the lid of the box, giving up his search. "That's me, can't even be a good enough fuckin'
“Cas,” he whispered, heart beating, soul rejoicing.
I don't know what to write, only that I'm scared to stop. Because when I stop writing... I'll have to go. And I am terrified, Sam. I don't know what forever is. I don't know what will happen. I just know I'll be alone with Michael. But at least that means you never will be, and I can find solace in that.
They could care less
Fergus's eyebrows shot up. "You mean to tell me Squirrel is still
Claire raised her chin defiantly. “I wanna know if you missed me.” She held up a hand, cutting Dean off as he began to answer. “Don’t give me that ‘I didn’t remember you for two thousand years’ bullshit. I know. Tell me about the rest of the time.”
“You ass,” Castiel said, almost clearly but not quite, the sound wobbling as it passed his lips. “How dare you?”
Neither bothered to wipe their tears, and Jody only barely managed to say, "I now pronounce you Mrs. and Mrs. Claire and Maggie Winchester" before they were kissing breathlessly.
Dean smiled lazily. "I swear myself to you, Castiel," he whispered.
It settled wrong with Dean, but he still responded, “Okay.”
Dean let out a breath. "Yeah. Yeah, we were. And it's not fair to him, ya know? I'm… I'm okay here. I'm happy here. And maybe it would be different if I was down here alone, but… I'm not. I've got you. And I'm okay with that."
this hell!"
"It's called Hanahaki disease, alright? Just... leave it alone. This'll all blow over soon." His voice was a ghost within itself.
“Hey,” Dean responded shakily, letting the hand rest on his cheek. “Where’d ya go, buddy?”
He made the initials first, then the heart, and smiled at his handiwork. It would take Castiel years to find this, maybe even centuries. The thought made Dean shiver with excitement. Him and Cas, together for centuries.
I started it in Sam’s letter but crossed it all out. There’s so much I wanna say, but it’s late and it’s almost time for me to go. The more I think about your eyes, your smile… the more I want to stay.
Michael nodded solemnly. “I should have believed you when you told me that long ago.”
When Dean could breathe again, he just shook silently in Sam's arms.
"Now, as I was saying about deer—"
Sam closed his eyes and smiled at the ceiling a moment, before sighing. “Do you guys not wanna spend forever wi’ me?”
Sam took a deep breath and let it out. “Okay.”
"Artemis."
"I think I would much rather live forever in a box with you than follow anybody else."
Gabriel’s head jerked up. “Hey, the rest of your family is here.”
"Queen to E4. Your knight is now mine."
On white and screeching wheels
Gabriel hopped back down into the pool as Mary and Bobby laughed.
Jack missed the next ball. “Well, I am.”
Castiel grabbed Dean's wrist as it passed over his face. "Because God doesn't care," Castiel told him, holding on despite the struggle. "Please stop. You're being unreasonable."
“For better or for worse…”
Dean didn't respond.
Claire had to cover her mouth to keep from laughing too loud. "Oh my gosh. With all of the network? Holy shit,
it, Dean could certainly hear the gummy smile in Castiel’s voice as he said, “All of them.”
That you and I will walk together again
And this is goodbye.
Jack walked into the room, looking around at an old pool. Moss clung to the sides. “What if we just give him this?”
Haeliel shook his head, looking down. “From what I understand, the demons that were once human are so again. The ones I created have ceased to exist.”
“My name is Michael. You trapped me in here with you.”
"Well I don't see you moving away."
Cas’s head tilted to the side. “Bees don’t get married.”
“Because every movie we watch it’s just… People
bonus lyrics
And for once, Sam couldn't find the courage to say, 'I didn't lose Dean.'
"Aye, but therein lies the rub!" she squeaked, running away from his attack. "The aubergine be so much more than a mild-mannered fruit!"
“I could spend my whole life swimming with you.”
Jack’s head shot up. “We could each take a section! And do our own little mural!”
Right where you left it.
I dunno. Something weird. Sam liked weird foods. Which worked fine, I guess, since there's a limited amount of food you can slide into a jacket pocket.
is what we call time?”
There was something just behind Dean’s ribs, an emotion he was afraid to name. So he didn’t.
“Whatever it is, we’ll all be right beside you. It’s a big family we’ve made, huh?”
You know we'll have a good time then"
Maggie still had mud on her face from planting the flowers.
“Sam,” Charlie said, standing up behind the computers. “Two more points came up on their timeline.”
Dean didn't say anything. He took Castiel's hand in his, pressed it to his face.
Gabriel waved his hand absently. "I get it. You spent like…" he did some quick mental math, "three thousand years down there, right? No one expects you to be okay for a while."
US AND LEFT US FOR
was only because we were studying Vonnegut. But I was always more street smart. Sammy was book smart. Still is. Was. Hopefully is.
I'm not saying I wasn't smart at some things, ya know? I aced shop and eleventh grade English. And
"I don't know. Is it?" Cas teased.
"Quite."
She looked up when he entered the room and blew her hair out of her eyes. “I could help with the other stuff, ya know.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Want me to kiss it better?”
“Oh, you dreamt that you were a demon and I was an angel and we had intercourse in the woods which made us virtually human for as long as we kissed? Perhaps
But it was fun, and it was something other than hustling and hunting that we could do together.
Title taken from "The Time Warp" from the Rocky Horror Picture Show
“You’re okay,” Dean whispered. “It’s all okay.”
Gabriel had thankfully left him alone the rest of the day, only offering a small smile and soft words.
"No. I won't tell you."
“Okay,” Castiel said.
Maggie raised an eyebrow at Mary’s belly. “Raise a kid, I’m guessing.”
It was a beautiful day. The sun shone warm on the flowers, the garden, the pond, the guests.
old.”
Everyone knelt on a side of the box, eyes trained on Sam’s face.
Sam looked around a bit before standing up and holding out his hand to her. "How about we go for a swim instead?"
“See ya in a bit,” Maggie said, nonchalantly heading towards her room.
If I could fly
I’ve had a few of those, you know. Back in Purgatory, I had half-convinced myself that it was our Heaven. Once I found you, that’s all I could think, that I could live forever by your side, as long as it was by your side.
He had just kept shoving it down to be dealt with later.
he had texted back.
Sam’s shoulders tensed, thunder rolling across his eyes and leaving rain in their wake. “Goodbye,” he whispered.
"I don't believe you."
The bat cracked under Jack’s grip.
"And then phase two."
"I could ask the same of you."
Without a second thought, he pulled Castiel into his arms.
Sam looked at Dean, smiling, shoulders relaxing. “See ya around, Dean.”
“Sam!” Charlie said, rushing over and pulling him out of the chair. “Sam, can you hear me?”
it's after sunrise."
Claire shrugged, then stood up. “Alright. Then it’s settled, but we gotta start on it
Dean sobbed outright, clutching the few particles in his hands as he nodded his head. His body folded in on itself until he was pressing his forehead to the ground.
Dean jumped. "Woah, I'm sorry,
Gabriel let his hands be captured by Castiel's.
Castiel barked out a laugh. “The entire gym, at full power. Next question.”
"Is it a good Bunker or an evil Bunker?"
I chose him as much as he chose me.”
Maggie raised an eyebrow. "So you can't tell me either, huh?"
You wouldn't have recognized me, you know. I was a teenager, all blonde hair and energetic legs. I ran everywhere, often towing Patroclus with me. We were young. We were in love. We had escaped the throes of our lives, to live as healers atop Mount Pelion forever.
"Look at yourself, Sam! When's the last time you ate an actual meal?"
Every day, a page turned down; every night, a lonesome sound
If it's the only thing I ever do
"And we'll have music!"
When Maggie woke up, one side of her was cold.
"He lives in a forest commune, last I checked."
I'll hear this song that breaks my heart
Fuckin'
"What is this for?" Castiel whispered, fingers against the curve of Dean's cheek.
Castiel nodded, leaning on Sam’s chair. “Yes. Life has moved on around us.”
Dean grinned at Sam. "Called it."
“Move back home,” Dean said, half command, half plea. Castiel had always been a wild thing hiding in the body of something cozy, something that looked like it wanted nothing more than to stay at home, drink tea, and read a book. But Dean knew. Castiel was made of rebellion and adventure, and no amount of commanding or pleading would make him do anything he didn’t want to do.
“—ve you,” Castiel said softly.
"We are here forever, Dean. Quit painting on your own mask. It's useless."
A tinny guitar sound rang out across the silent woods, and they both glanced to where they had left their clothes.
“Do you want to marry me, Castiel?”
Dean snorted. "I think I'd remember something like that."
Castiel saw him there, his
"So, I was thinking," Sam began, sneakers thumping on the dirt path, "that I've been a kind of shitty chief lately."
“They called it Pesach.” Castiel closed his eyes, letting Dean’s arms ground him. “And, when they grew tired of old words, they made a new one.”
Rowena looked down at her black dress, then around at the forest. "It's not really my style, dearie."
“Bodily fluids like-”
"I don't need to be swept off my feet," Claire told Maggie's lips. "I just need my feet to be beside yours."
FOR ME!”
"You have to keep the timeline straight, right? You've gotta do everything just so?"
"Not bad, mine heart," Jack told her, circling slowly. "But I'm afraid I must assuage you of the notion that you shall win. For it is true love that binds my heart to not only thee but also thine."
I had to.
Remember me as late night stories. Remember me as long car rides with rock playing. Remember me as bad karaoke sessions. Remember me as anything that makes you happy. Please, be happy when you remember me.
“Do not speak to me,” Michael begged, voice broken. “Leave me here.”
“Then I guess I’ll have to think of better pick-up lines.”
When Cas had left, somewhere in the ninety-proof eddies of his mind, Dean had expected to see that same blue everywhere he went. He expected to feel that grit pushed deep into his arteries every time the sun was high in the sky, every time he passed a lake, every time the twilight gripped him tight in its midnight fingers.
Dean pointed to another.
He got himself situated beside Dean, laying down and staring at the ceiling. It was stained-glass, abstract, with lights behind it mimicking the sunlight.
“Why?”
Sam grinned. "True but, it's been three years. I think he's entitled to at least
It was quiet in the Bunker.
Oh, please don't drop me home
“I mean, ye weren’t exactly plannin’ on campin’, were ye? It was all the childrens’ idea, right?”
“Mornin’,” Jody said, pulling down two mugs and filling them with coffee. “You sleep well?”
"Are you uncomfortable? As uncomfortable as being stuck in a freezer? I hope so."
be fine. I promise."
“She is not worth it, drilpa. Take a seat.”
The longer I write this, the more I feel like I’m praying to you, Cas. I promise not to pray to you in the box. I don’t think you could deal with that. I want you to move on, and for you to help Sam move on. Both of you, find a life without me. That’s the only way I’ll know peace.
“So… how’d it go?” Gabriel asked, prodding him.
Wings."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh." Castiel blinked. "Um, well, we also have a daughter named Claire."
Claire groaned and pushed her face into her paint-covered hands. “What do I do?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean froze. It couldn't be-
“Yes.”
She looked at Sam's wide grin and couldn't help but smile, too.
Every now and then I take a look in your eyes
so he whispered, “This is gonna hurt,” and pressed his glowing palms to Dean’s head fiercely.
Jack was quiet a moment, eyebrows furrowed. "I think Dean died," Jack finally said.
"Oh wait, are we… Are you gonna sexy interrogate me?"
A giant by the name of Hector killed him, took my own spear and shoved it through his heart and out the other side.
"God left us," Gabe mumbled in agreement. "I guess both of you combined, actively trying to reach across universes just sort of… glitched you into the Matrix."
Dean hummed the tune for a while longer. It swelled in his lungs, vibrated through generations. “I don’t think that was a hymn, Cas,” he said.
Dean looked over to where the voice came from, tears leaking and jaw set. "Then I will kill you," he vowed, voice hitching, breath shuddering. "I will escape this."
Jack nodded, biting his bottom lip.
Dean stayed firmly in his seat, waiting to phase back into his coffin. Cas would comfort him. It would be okay eventually. Sam would forgive him, Sam would live a long life, Sam would—
Maggie grinned. “You were a cute baby,
“This really won’t get anywhere. I don’t know why you’re trying to torture me with this, but it won’t work.”
Dean twisted his wrist, trying to free himself. "Let. Me. Go."
Their eyes met for a moment before Castiel nodded.
of us would be in this situation!”
How it should be?"
I found my love there.
know the plan?"
"What?"
"Maggie's birthday."
When Castiel did not elaborate, Dean prompted, “What was the new word?”
When his thumbs rested on the clasp of Castiel’s pants, his fingers dipped just under and pulled him imperceptibly closer, until their noses touched, until Castiel’s lips were parted and his eyes were closed and he was
Title taken from "ocean eyes" by Billie Eilish
Baby, I'm just soggy from the chemo
"Do we have an incubator?"
“Really?”
on the front.
Rowena cut him off with a deep, sweet kiss. "Yes. All of us."
Dean walked down the hall, looking at the pictures hanging up. "Are these all the pictures I took on that dumb disposable camera?" Dean asked, grinning as he took one off the wall.
Ever so slightly,
"I have those sometimes, too. Wanna talk about it?"
Dean’s face was emotionless for a while, before he sighed. “I’m so see-through to you, Cas.”
to leave Heaven.”
Their eyes met for a moment before he nodded, positioning himself beside her.
"You lost him?"
Gabriel clicked his tongue. “Bet that’s a lot like how Dean feels.”
"Ready?" Sam asked, throwing her a bottle.
Rowena and Jack were fine-tuning their spellwork.
Jack looked sternly down at Sanders. "Go sit on your child," he told him.
“Sam—”
this! Three
Maggie grinned at him. “Nah,” she said, “just gonna love them and help them figure themselves out.”
to him.
"Those are pretty," someone said softly, and she glanced back to see Jack.
the color blue. He felt it when old movies came on, or when he found another cassette out of order, or when he'd find an abandoned tie or sock shoved deep into a corner of his room, big as a double, now used as a single.
“Don’t say it, please.”
Donna low-whistled. “That’s still newer than I thought.” She pressed some keys and watched as line after line of code filled the screen. “I heard a rumor that Dean doesn’t remember any of us.”
"He couldn't have gone far," Gabe assured him, standing up and walking over. "We can look together, okay?" He hovered his hand over Castiel's head. "Heaven is back up. I can adjust that for you."
Sam sat heavily down in the sand, head in his hands. "You fucking asshole," he told the unhearing ocean. "I can't even fucking visit you anymore." He pulled at his own hair, stringy from the car ride. "It was you and me, Dean. You and me against the world.
"Arm thyself!" Jack called out, tossing Maggie a branch.
Rowena’s free hand found his own, and he squeezed it.
Claire wiped her hair out of her face, leaving a streak of paint on her forehead.
“It depends on how close we are to a deep sea gorge. I only detect a very slight current at the moment. It would take a long time for any bodily fluids to evacuate this area.”
"Cas," Dean murmured, pulling away, "I don't really wanna talk about your exes."
“Yep.”
“To have and to hold…”
“Arrow ace?”
And he didn’t give a fuck about any of it.
Short chapter is short because college has been crazy, but I felt like this needed an update!
Rowena pulled her sleep mask off, glancing at her door. "Hello?"
“Well,” countered Jody, “you
Gabriel's entire being wiggled itself between Sam's arms.
“Fair.”
Sam snorted and jerked his thumb towards the back seat. "I
“Jest a wee bit more,” Rowena told him, wiping the sweat from her brow.
“I want to rip her throat out.”
Dean winced, then shrugged. “Only for a little while. I got better.”
used to be.
Dean shrugged. “I dunno. I haven’t seen it yet.”
He flipped the bacon, shaking his head. “You know, at some point we’ll have to discuss last night.”
Mary, Bobby, Claire, Maggie, and Charlie were all on the home base team, ready to slam the lid on the Empty and haul its sorry ass into the other dimension.
Claire wiggled her feet in her bunny slippers. “I dunno. But it totally is. Maybe we should install carpet.”
Sam in a tower of hats already five feet tall.
"I know. I should've said something instead of just… abandoning you. But you also should've come to me, Maggie. You can talk to me about this stuff. I've been through it all."
Dean barked out a laugh, hands sliding off Cas' face. "I'm sorry about that, too."
“Uh-huh.”
"Did you seriously fall asleep while I was telling you my Star Wars theories? Not cool, man."
Maggie stretched to a drawer and pulled out the map they had been making. "We never finished this, so I don't know."
Gabriel listened to his heartbeat. "When is?"
“I was made to play mediator. Believe me, this is way less effort than mediating between my brothers. But just as frustrating. Tell me what’s wrong.”
They both jumped, looking up at him in alarm.
And the confused look on Jack's face was enough to make Claire lean against a tree, tears running down her face as she laughed uncontrollably.
"Yes," the voice said. "This time, I believe you will."
Dean stared at his Laffy Taffy wrapper. “Hey, Cas.”
Where I couldn’t follow.
And Sam was staring at them both now.
“Yes and no. There’s more to it, but even human souls can sense its pull. You eventually named what you could sense ‘time’.”
“I think we’re gonna try and save Dean and Cas today. Or tomorrow. Soon.”
"Sing me to sleep, I'll see you in my dreams, waiting to say, "I miss you. I'm so sorry."
So when Gabriel started crying into Jack’s hair, Jack just held him a bit tighter.
There was a movement out of the corner of his eye, and he turned to see Dean pointing at one of the surrounding murals, eyebrows raised.
And toe to toe
“Oh, you’re paying for this.”
Sam’s eyes widened and his breath caught in his throat. “What… What did you just say?”
"Dean?" came Sam's voice from down a hallway.
Sam glanced at the table as his phone buzzed. "Oh, hey. Cas is calling." He put it on speaker absently, scrolling through more articles. "Cas."
“A… mossy pool?”
“Yeah.”
Dean smiled slightly, taking a shuddering breath. "How did you ever get so damn innocent in this world?"
around here somewhere.”
Dean swallowed harshly, removing his hands from Castiel as if in penance. "When… When Michael took over that second time… part of me was… was happy about it. Because it meant I didn't have to worry about that happening anymore. It happened, I couldn't stop it, and I was so stressed about that entire situation that an outcome — any outcome — was better than all the damn worrying."
Castiel saw all of this, and he left anyway.
"Yeah." Claire looked off into the distance, worrying her bottom lip. "Hey Maggie?"
"I see," he said.
Cas hummed in thought, and then nuzzled Sam’s face. “Promise me you will try to be happy.”
The words wrapped around her head, inside her skull, and she stepped towards craggy wings until arms wrapped around her.
“Alright, then.”
“Nah,” Sam said, relaxing into the sensation. “Just… feel loved right now, that’s all.”
It was like he had gone colorblind. The sky was grey. The lakes were brown. Blue didn't exist, because Castiel had taken it all with him and packed it into the same overnight bag that often had littered the floor of by-the-hour hotel rooms, had been kicked under beds and laid in trunks and used as a pillow as hands had pointed up to the starry night sky. Yes, Castiel had packed the color blue and taken it with him.
"I'm not capable of holding a grudge for literally ever, buddy."
Castiel looked at Dean in the darkness. "Because I fell."
“Aye,” Rowena agreed softly. “That’s not to say there aren’t ways to make that happen, but we all need to talk about that first.”
She looked down at the pan, coffee still clutched in her free hand.
"Good to see you," Sam said, eyes shining.
“Michael…”
Dean's throat was aching, so he nodded instead.
Title taken from "Achilles Last Stand" by Led Zeppelin
"You have to send me back, man. Michael-"
Dean had written for himself. For them.
"You bastard," Dean choked out, attempting to squirm away from Sam.
“I love you, too,” Dean mumbled, an automatic reflex, though still entirely true. His heels pushed against Castiel’s back, forcing him closer, pushing them together, hard. “We gonna get this show on the road or…?” he joked breathlessly, grinding against Castiel to the best of his ability.
Jack, still confused but still very on-board with the game, pulled Maggie back to him. "My dear!" he told her. "This jealousy hath no rightful place between us! Perhaps — indeed, perhaps this be the only way — we share the fair maiden by the name of Dill who has stolen me from thee?"
Rocket man burning out his fuse up here alone"
“Nope,” Dean responded, kissing him back.
Dean could not think beyond
“You are all traitors,” Naomi hissed. “I am the only one who is still loyal to our Father!”
Dean grabbed him and pushed him against the ground, caging him with his own arms. “You and me, Michael. We’re the same.” His blood dripped down onto Michael’s face, who growled in response.
The smile that graced Dean’s face was enough to make Castiel feel saved.
"That is no way to talk to your father!" Maggie scolded.
"Uh."
It wasn’t for lack of his trying. He had sat down and meditated over his feelings and Castiel and
Gabriel looked at her blankly before putting his hand on Sam’s head. He could fix the eyes. Probably. Maybe.
There's a calm before the storm
Castiel narrowed his eyes. “Why won’t you say its name?”
“Sure.”
..." Dean choked, coughing a little, and Castiel was surprised at the shininess of Dean's eyes, even down here. "Because I'm scared, Cas."
"Is the best," Dean whispered before he finally drifted off to sleep.
"Do you ever tell me anything else?"
"It's not me!"
" Dean sighed. "We love you. Let's leave it at that."
When Jack looked back up, Gabriel was staring directly at him.
“A few times, yeah.”
There was a low, pleasant rumble, and Sam felt his fingers fill with mane.
Set me free, my
"Michael... Michael
A little ways off, Charlie turned to Donna and grinned. "Best fucking play I've ever seen."
And in these times that we're apart
"And ye don't have to. It'll take some time. But things really aren't all that different, ye know. Now ye jest have more free time."
I don't remember much of the rest of that day. Odysseus brought him back to me, and I screamed. The earth trembled, and Naomi laughed.
“What happens if you run out?”
past for him, that time had stopped when Cas had left him, and he had been stuck in that moment for over a year now. "Do you ever miss Us?"
The aux tape was easy to find, and she put it on, plugging the cord into her phone. "What kind of music do you wanna listen to?" she asked Sam.
He sobbed and curled in on himself, shaking.
There was a splitting pain before his fingers touched, and he was in the Bunker.
Claire touched the bandages over her face absently. "I've never had a real sleepover."
“Maybe next time I should just shut you up.”
Dean's eyes were searching for Castiel's fruitlessly. "What do they look like?" he asked softly.
Forever's never seemed so long as when you're not around
"Sam—"
"Yeah. That's okay."
"Oh, fuck right off," Claire grumbled with no real malice in it.
Gabriel wanted to go lay at the bottom with him, talk to him about everything.
There was another door, a closet, and he flung it open, hiding inside.
the lifeless bodies of the firstborns surrounded them. And the nonbelievers screamed and cried, and the Pharaoh was so stricken with grief he let the believers go. I can’t
Once Sam was out of earshot, she ran down to the pool room, swinging the door open to see everyone lounging around.
"No."
Phew.
Sam pursed his lips silently. “When I was little,” Sam began, “Dad would leave for weeks at a time. You know that. I know you know that. And when he would leave, he’d make sure the last thing he said to us would be something like, ‘There’s a good diner down the street’ or ‘Take care of each other’. Never goodbye. And that’s how we knew he would always come back. Because, in a kid’s mind, you can’t really be leaving if you don’t say goodbye.”
“Cas!” Dean yelled, excitement overcoming everything else within him.
Claire gave Sam a small smile before looking back out at the waves. "He tried."
"Then yes," Maggie whispered, kissing Claire deeply, passionately, lovingly. "I'll call you my wife until every person in this Bunker gets sick of it. And then I'll do it some more."
“Yer gettin’ a wee bit cowboy there, Samuel,” Rowena teased. She looked to Gabriel. “Is that true?”
Blue.
Castiel pulled Dean up, kissed him in much the same way a fist kisses a soon-to-be-busted lip. He pushed and pulled until Dean’s legs met couch arm, until they fell onto the cushions, then rolled onto the floor. Castiel kissed his neck, his chest, his stomach, hands undoing button and zipper until there was only bare skin for mile after nautical mile.
Castiel raised his hand to wake Dean up, to face reality.
“That’s what I’m afraid of.”
Jack looked out at how far all the other baseballs had gone and nodded his head once. “Okay.”
"Hm. Seems like my kinda guy."
Dean undid Cas’s shirt buttons, one by one, never looking away from that searching blue.
“NO, I—” Michael stopped. His laugh built slowly. “You’re smarter than you seem.”
Gabriel thought about it, before finally saying, "Charles is probably your best bet. Last I saw her she was playing some video game in the theater room."
“Michael got to him.”
"I think… I definitely don't wanna bring a new life into this world. It seems somehow incredibly cruel. But… I also… I like what Sam's doing."
omniscient?"
Dean frowned. “Michael?”
After what felt like eternity, Sam growled and made a motion behind him. A few more seconds and Sam was gone.
“Samster! How could you ever think that of me?!”
"Jack," Rowena said. "Is Sam alright?"
And Dean was unsure how to say that it
"Oh, Dean. Look around you. You've stuck me in a box on the bottom of the ocean. You've effectively removed any chips you had that interested me. I don't want anything from you." He pinched the shell, cracking it slightly.
and there were tears welling up in his eyes. "Michael
"Afraid not. Though, I would like to. It's just not something that can be discussed aloud. At least… not here."
Dean giggled at something Castiel said. “Ah, you know, you act like you’re not funny but you’re really fuckin’ hilarious,” Dean told him, still laughing softly.
"Mary?"
Cas? He and I don’t
His nails dug hard into the metal beneath him, eyes staring unseeing into the darkness. There was pressure on all sides of him, like weights trying to peel back his skin and crawl inside.
There was silence, and then a soft chuckle.
"Maybe. What else you got?"
You said forever, Dean!" Castiel pulled Dean forward only to smash him back against the wall. "You said you would love me
Perhaps he should go do whatever it was that Dean was doing.
She met his eyes levelly.
were tears.
“What do you mean it wasn’t a ‘normal kiss’? Did you
Cas smiled at him, at the green eyes shining his way. “I know,” he whispered back, winking.
Castiel gazed at him through the water. "It was a painted bunting. They don't look like much until their second year, and then they become colorful enough to rival the most splendid of animals."
Sam let out a long breath. “Okay.” He pulled out his seat and sat down, hands on the table. “Here we go.”
caused Dean to turn around, to look into blessedly blue eyes, watery, wide. “What?”
he growled.
“Are you ready for bed?” Castiel asked, nose pressed into Dean’s collarbone. They were, in fact, already in Dean’s bed, but Castiel couldn’t resist asking something so small that once was unattainable.
Charlie motioned for Claire to follow before heading down a hallway.
Castiel from your mind.”
to do anything. Sam, look at yourself! You're sacrificing everything for us! We are
"Shut up and
For the serpent has died and I remain by your side, Elizabeth"
“It’s iron! So you can punch ghosts in the face.” Dean mimed a punch in the air before holding the ring out to Cas. “I’ve got one, too.”
"Completely. The girls found the portal. It's still charging up."
Maggie brushed back Claire's braids. "Do you ever think about how old we're getting?"
They stared each other down. "Charlie."
He could feel Castiel's grin against his throat. "Then I guess, as well."
Don't make me change my mind"
“Really? That’s your answer? My father left me because the world just fucking sucks.” Jack’s breathing was ragged.
think you were the monster all along?!"
Gabriel huffed and threw out his arms. "O magic Bunker, surveyor of us, protector of all, please: help us find—" he checked the list, "cat bones."
"Stole, actually."
I'm thinking of tiny baby hands reaching out for me.
"Shuttit, Lennie." Dean smiled softly, drifting off. "Thanks for jumpin' into this shitty box wit' me. Wouldn't'a survived alone."
“Bean,” Sam pouted, laying in the middle of the motel room carpet. “Beeeaaannnn.”
This was Castiel, sacrificing his entire history, his entire
“Yeah like… Dean. Cas.” Claire gestured at the half-filled pool.
Sam pulled Claire into a tight hug, feeling a part of himself breaking, but another part healing.
“ANYWAYS. You made a good point, with Heaven and the borders being open and you being able to be on Earth even after you die.”
By the time I went back out to check on the box, it was gone.
“What?”
"I tried my hand at the Bible
There was a raucous laugh from the living room, and Gabriel cast his eyes over enough for Sam to notice.
"I thought you were Cas."
Sam frowned. “Well, no. No. Um, this thing I’m doing here, this…
"Sam!"
Maggie's eyes widened at the sight before her. An inky black void, nebulizing itself in the room, small red dots shining like stars.
Rowena grimaced at the sight and met Gabriel’s eyes.
TELL ME HE NEVER LOVED ME!” he screamed, flipping them, pushing all his weight onto Dean’s trachea. “He was the
Gabriel tried to flex his wings and winced. "Yeah. Yeah, it does." He huffed. "Wanna play some more baseball?"
“Am I just that attractive?” Sam teased.
His fingers twitched.
And I should have told you so long ago. I should have grabbed your shoulder every time I made you mad, and I should have turned you around and just kissed you. And now it’s too late, isn’t it? I always hoped I would die with no regrets, but I regret that. I regret not making sure you knew how much you meant to me.
Dean watched him fade away. “I love you, too.”
There was something mischievous in Rowena’s eyes. “I don’t know, Sam. Gabriel already asked me out, ye know.”
“Oh, oh. I see you’re smooth, too.”
Another love to come and comfort you
Sam’s hands hovered over the lid. “Is this… wrong of me?” he whispered so softly that they almost couldn’t hear him.
pregnant. No.”
Claire choked as Charlie snorted.
"Hm? Oh, no. This is the first time Sam called you Dad. Precious, I gather."
I watched him leave
Rowena couldn’t help a small grin. “Are ye askin’ me out?”
Castiel stumbled back, until the wallpaper stopped him, until his head was pressed back against repeating flowers and his hands were grasping uselessly at two-dimensional stems, as Dean choked on the meaning of
Something about his expression relaxed, and he smiled at the elfen maiden before him, waiting in the cold to see a movie seventy-five years in the making. “Yeah. I’m bi.”
“But—”
“With the borders open, we’ll be able to come and go as we please. We’ll obviously be here a lot, but… Cas and I… can’t deal with all these people all the time.”
As if on cue, there was a deep sound, something that echoed across Dean’s ribcage and tried to tear his lungs to shreds. “Cas?” Dean asked shakily.
His head turned and his nose brushed against another.
Sam didn't raise his eyes. "I was back there. In the Void, when I dove off that cliff." He shifted to sit criss-cross, the light dissipating across the tent fabric. It was quiet. "But I was all alone. I guess Dean was back at the Bunker spot. I couldn't see him or hear him. And I didn't… I didn't go looking for him."
Claire nodded slightly. "No new life. Just… helping the old ones."
then I will follow you into the dark."
of the box being run into by some small invertebrate.
Gabriel's head jerked up. "I'm sorry, it almost sounded like you tried to tell me this building can
This started as a tumblr ficlet, but now I'm having ~ideas~ so here's a full fic in the works xD
“I wouldn’t say I ever
"I'm sorry," Sam repeated before Dean felt his breathing stop.
"Why should I?"
"I can't!"
"Samuel?"
but still… all of them focused on
“What would you do?” Cas asked softly, hot forehead raising to flood Dean’s world with blue. “If I moved back, that is.”
Jack looked away and frowned, head propped on one fist, cheek smushed. Everyone was better now. Everyone seemed to have parsed through their own feelings.
Dean winced, because Baby had been their home, and he hadn’t been able to handle their home being empty. "The memories in there just got too loud, I guess."
Sam groaned, “You weren’t supposed to
Castiel was taken back to olden days, where Gabriel would patch up his wounds, would wash the mud from his face.
“Um, just go full abstract. Don’t try and paint real things. Paint colors, or feelings, or something like that.”
“Invited? To what?”
Castiel's hand grabbed his wrist. “I think you’re trying to figure out your feelings for me. Am I wrong?”
Claire sighed and picked up her paintbrush again. “Alright. I’m starting over. But this is my last try! Sam and Mags should be back soon. And Jody and Donna should be here any minute.”
“Then he knows you’re here!” Dean got onto his hands and knees, head hanging a moment. “He knows and he doesn’t
"You could end this all, you know," Michael whispered, letting Dean's lips press against Castiel's ear. "He's just a human. Two hands around a throat is all it would take. He's so
"Why are you crying?"
He sighed. “I know.”
which, I always made sure to look both ways so Sam would
Sam chanted, turning on the faucet and sticking his head under it. "Are you sure?" he yelled above the noise of the water.
"Okay, but not
“I said it a few times.”
If Dean could’ve seen, he would’ve seen the worried expression of Castiel, the drawn eyebrows, the shaky jaw, the scratch marks down his chest that certainly weren’t there before.
So long passed that Gabriel thought he wasn't going to get an answer to his question.
"What was your favorite part?"
Dear Castiel.
He was going to watch a movie of some kind, curled up on the couch with Gabriel and Rowena. Something long and dramatic that would take his entire brain to understand. Something distracting.
“True.”
Maggie shook her head, laughing softly. "Aww Sammy," she teased, "didncha hear? We're takin' the Winchester name."
"I don't know," Sam admitted.
Dean couldn’t help the little fond smile on his face as he walked over to Sam. “Yeah? You wanna be tall?” Dean lifted him up, cradling him gently. “You’re the tallest baby in the world, Sammy. All the other babies look up to you.”
"This is my choice, and I'm choosing for you to move on."
“Can you roar?”
"Dean, I've... I've done some very terrible things. Things I am not proud of. Things you could never forgive me for."
His mouth spouted curses.
Castiel stopped breathing.
Dean furrowed his eyebrows. “That doesn’t equal three thousand years.”
His fist connected with nose, and Dean stumbled back in shock.
Dean was putty, compliant, letting Castiel taste every inch of him in an agonizing tempo, melting against his lips and teeth. “I want you,” he said, and they were the first actual words that either had said since the park, and Cas captured them with his mouth, suddenly naked, suddenly deep and passionate and pulling Dean’s knees up.
Gabriel shook his head, scowling. “Just don’t
Dean pressed his head against the cool floor, gasping. “I don’t want to go!”
Title taken from "Make You Feel My Love" by Bob Dylan
Dean ducked under Michael’s fist, throwing a punch of his own. “What is your fucking
Gabriel thought for a moment. "Call me Drilpa. Or Gabe."
"You said it was you and me! You and me against the whole wide world, and you'd never leave me and then you
“Sam’ll be so happy,” Dean whispered. “He keeps getting on my ass about letting you leave.”
Title taken from "Forgive the Children we Once Were" by Delta Rae
"It don't work that way, bud."
"For now? Get better. Take your time. Don't expect to be okay all at once." Gabriel crossed his arms behind his head. "Maggie and Claire are getting married in two days. Maybe that single event is a good thing to strive for: being okay enough for that."
"Yeah. Hey, cut through here. There's a clearing this way, and the sun's about to come up."
Clear as the ocean water, Castiel could see it. Another life, where he hadn’t stowed away. Where he had been here, unable to do anything but help Sam. And he would have. He would have gone along with Sam’s plan, because he would have done anything for Dean. And it still would not have worked, and Castiel would be in Dean’s room — yes, Dean’s, only Dean’s and not his as well — and he would have curled up on the bed, would have cried and screamed until his grace was gone, would have turned to this movie, his favorite movie, to help, would have opened it, would have seen this, this eulogy, this letter, this goodbye.
"You can't kill me in here," Dean snarled.
"Yeah." Maggie leaned back against the headboard. "Doesn't that sound nice?"
Dean hissed, knees curling up and hitting the metal lid. "I shoulda known, fucking demons always—" he cut himself off with a grunt, "— always fucking—"
And Cas had waited, with a look in those eyes that Dean could now recognize as
"Dead? Where would I go? I cannot go to the Empty. I cannot go to Heaven, or Hell. We are stuck here, 'brother', until the end of time. You cannot kill me."
“Me, neither. Maybe someone else has?”
Sam's shoulders were shaking. "Are you asking me out?"
Sam took a deep breath, and something three years old hardened his eyes. “No,” he said, cutting his palm and reciting the words.
Dean gave him a soft kiss and Sam nuzzled into his shoulder, yawning. "Missed ya," Sam mumbled.
Cas squeezed his fingers gently.
Instead of waiting for the silence, Dean reached out for Castiel's hand, easily intertwining their fingers.
"Yes, ye're lookin' rather—" Rowena was cut off by Sam surging up and kissing her, hands tangled in her fiery hair.
“How do you mean?” Cas traced Dean’s chest absently.
“Ye did good, Sam,” Rowena whispered to him.
“What’s that mean?”
“Can I hug you?” she asked, voice constricted.
"That's where I fell in love wit' ya. Purgatory. Just so ya know."
“He’s doing excellent, actually.” Castiel’s thumb brushed the ridge of Dean’s cheek. “Are you doing okay?”
"What's your greatest fear?" Dean asked Castiel.
to be a reason.”
Now you'll never get older, older
, your room that just sits empty at the end of the damn hallway!"
“I can see you, you know. All raging and smokey and black. Little bit demonic there, bud. You’ve got a lot bottled up.”
“I… I dunno. You’re the only friend I have now. You… make me laugh. I appreciate that. We’re friends.” Dean flinched. “Aren’t we friends?”
“It’s whatever. I’ve been wanting to talk to you, though.”
Sam glanced over his shoulder, sniffling softly. "Time's almost up."
Castiel memorized his face once more, though it was haggard and worn. "Because it was all that I could do."
Dean tried to quell the sudden tightness in his chest. “Okay.”
Cas looked over at Dean, eyebrows raised in surprise. "Heavy how?"
He hurled a rock into the water.
Half-formed faces in his dreams could never do Castiel justice. The man moved like a god trapped in an eggshell, power and concrete bursting at every seam. There was once a time when the concrete yielded to Dean, when his fingers touched not gravel but petals, soft and inviting and promising things Dean had only dared hope to hear when he was staring death in the face. Promising worth, promising love.
“Yes, of course.”
"Everything stays
I told him they didn’t even have tuxes, and Mark grinned and said they already looked better than any of the kids at prom could even dream of being.
But we'll get together then
“Am I rambling?”
"Not following."
"No. No, I think we just think a lot alike." She looked out over the ocean. "I never went to a beach. I think I hate them."
The last thing I see,
Maggie patted the soil down around some new flowers, sitting back on her heels to admire them. They were daffodils. She had chosen them precisely because of what they meant.
"God," Charlie mused. "Is an assembly a good thing?"
"Winchesters," Rowena grumbled, making her way over to Jack. "Jack. Jack, sweetie. Wake up."
“Sam?”
Gabriel rolled his eyes. "I see what you're getting at here, and the answer is that Castiel chose you. He's not changing his mind anytime soon."
"I'm not... ashamed of you. And I'm sorry you ever thought that. I should've... I should've done better to let you know how much I appreciate
"-lous," Castiel finished.
Their eyes met, and neither could stop the smile on their face. “Wanna run away?” Dean asked, grinning.
Dean coughed up blood. “How long do we have?!”
"Dean, perhaps we should have a talk about your pathological lying."
His other fist swung hard, and Castiel grabbed it with his other hand, stopping it in its tracks.
"Why are you here?"
But I'm lost and I so much
“More of a request, truly.”
“I have pictures of when you were married to Dad. I wish I could’ve had you growing up.”
Anyway, so prom rolls around. And I asked Isabelle to go with me, and she said okay. Which, major win, for me.
Jack pushed his bottom lip out, just a bit, just enough to prove he could out-puppy-dog-face Sam any day of the week.
And maybe we'll get lucky and we'll both grow old
“You’ve seen all my thoughts?”
Claire snorted. “It’s because you keep getting sidetracked.”
Maggie giggled. "I don't exist on paper, hon."
"I'm gonna go with
“You think you’re gonna find him, and he’s gonna have some perfect excuse for what happened.” Dean caught the next strike with his palm, yanking the blade out of Michael’s hand.
Sam gave him a wry smile. “I’ll tell you when that happens.”
“To love and to cherish…”
“You don’t.”
Claire let out a breath. “Okay. Okay. Me, too.”
"It was somethin' about Jack. Ye sounded terrified, Samuel."
The fire abandoned Castiel.
Dean thumped his head back against the metal, eyes shutting tight. "I left Sam all alone."
Jack stretched out a wing across Maggie and behind Claire, soft downy feathers tickling their necks. "I'm too busy keeping you two from getting sunburned."
"You," Dean whispered with what little air he had left. "It was you."
“Yeah, Jack. Sometimes you have to apologize for things that happened a long time ago.”
"Two days or so."
"I… appreciate your honesty," Gabriel told him, learning the lines on Sam's face. "I'll do it."
“Dean,” Castiel breathed. He watched as Dean led her cautiously up the aisle, making sure not to trip on her long purple dress. He led her to the arch, finally looking up to see Castiel.
Cas let out a long-suffering sigh.
There was a crash behind him, and he turned quickly to see the baseball exploding against a tree.
There was something within Dean that knew he would usually tug away, pretend to not be affected, shine a smile. But Dean didn't want to let go.
"I'm joking," he whispered. "My favorite part was also my most hated one: how raw every emotion felt. I have always had a… keener sense of my emotions, I suppose, than my brothers and sisters, but even I was caught unaware." Cas shook his head. "It's like every emotion catches in your throat and behind your eyes, and it's never just one. As an angel, emotions feel more physical, like changes in our very anatomy. With humans, it's like they're pushing to get out of you at all times."
Claire looked away, blushing. “Yeah, yeah. Whatever, go do honeymoon things, you nerds.”
Rowena watched a single tear roll down Sam's temple, past his ear, onto the bed.
“In sickness and in health…”
She touched her face and was shocked to find tears there. "I… yeah. Yeah, the worst dream, actually." She took a sip of coffee and winced at the heat. "It started out nice, though."
Sam sighed and closed his eyes as Charlie cleaned around them.
"I... Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. I need to write it down..."
Sam stared at him a moment, just a moment, before growling, "What the
“Do you think this is gonna work?” she asked softly.
"Stop
Gabriel made some pathetic sound. “No fair! I’m
“C’mon! It just wants to play!” Sam told her, holding the doll out.
Gabriel glanced at Castiel, wrapped tightly in his human clothing, and sighed. "I think you need to stretch."
"Go to sleep, Dean," Castiel finally replied.
"Oh, honey. I'm not going to kill you." Michael grinned in his face. "That would be too easy." With a swift movement, Michael swung himself off of Dean and headed down a hallway. "I'd suggest you follow," he taunted over his shoulder.
Claire to Charlie, Castiel for choosing Dean over her.
“We’ll be hopping dimensions soon.”
“I understood some of that,” Dean told him after the last of the echoes had faded.
"But what about me?" Sam asked. "What am I supposed to do without my squirrel?"
"Good thing we can Fortnite dance with three people!"
Haeliel stood, shakily, unsure about the equality on which he now stood. “Are you to try to stop us,” he began, glancing to Michael for support, “we will capture you and put you on trial. We cannot guarantee mercy.”
“Charlie.” Sam reached out, taking a few tries to hold her face in his hands. “Thank you,” he whispered.
"Doesn't surprise me. I think it always did him some good, having someone other than me or himself to take care of." Sam put the Impala into gear, pulling out of the gas station. "We're still just a bit out. Wanna put on some music?"
"Thank you, Gabriel." Jack paused. "What do… What do I call you? Uncle?"
“Was that a fucking pun.”
"I'm fucking up the timeline. Permanently."
“And if I asked you to make space for me
"Okay…?"
Cas tilted his head at them. “She meant us, not you two.”
"No idea," Maggie responded, glancing around the room for weapons.
