“Hey, hey, it’s okay, Cas.” Dean slips out of his chair and kneels before the other. “We were both a couple of dumbasses.”
“I’m afraid of flying.”
“Uhh, you know what you want to order?”
In the morning, they find out just how much it’s escalated. They’d gotten one last load across the border yesterday, and had asked Emma to stay there with Sam. After they see what happened overnight with the androids raiding Cyberlife stores, now they just have to figure out what to do with the rest of the deviants they’re harboring. It’s too risky to send another load, and more keep coming, which means they won’t be able to hold them all in the storm cellar.
Well versed in the art of masturbation, Dean recognizes the signs of impending release and encourages it, whispering, "I've got you, Cas," doing what he likes best on himself. It's with a groaning cry that Cas comes into Dean's hand, and the effect is so overwhelming it nearly drives him to come on the spot too. He picks up the pace on his own grinding, no shame or thought to the idea of coming in his pants.
Dean's mouth flops uselessly for a moment, face reddening further. "Uhh... Not really, unless you count the extra luggage handling tags," Dean finally manages to say.
Thank you so much for reading this, it started out with approximately 400 words, rewriting Dean's landing in Heaven, and here I am about 6k words later. In less than a day.
Dean looks away and takes another drink of whiskey. “Yeah, about that.” He tells Castiel that Ezekiel is still helping, and that it’s conditional on Castiel staying away from Sam and the bunker. It hurts, because he remembers being on good terms with the angel. But he supposes being responsible for the angels falling from their home has caused a change of heart.  Of course, Dean wouldn’t have a choice. Nothing matters more to him than his brother.
When Castiel spots the edge of the mail cart, he straightens his spine and waits for Dean to come into view. Today he’s wearing a short-sleeve light green and white check, with a seersucker texture. As he reaches Meg’s desk, he looks up and openly stares at Castiel, his mouth parted in… surprise, Castiel hopes?  Blinking, Dean clamps his mouth shut and fumbles for Castiel’s mail bundle.
“Steve, drink your cappuccino,” she orders, sliding the cup towards Castiel.
Yeah, I know, this one was delayed longer than normal.
, he thinks. She’s going to tell him to leave now. Because that’s what happens, he has to leave. Always.
He’s arguing about it with Jody, and there’s a little whisper of
No, it’s just…” Dean just won’t stop, will he. Castiel takes a deep, slow breath. “I always thought it was one-sided.”
Dean’s at the kitchen door, a bag of supplies and bandages in one hand, the forgotten six pack of beer in the other. He raises his eyebrows in question, and Castiel props the phone against his shoulder, so he can use his good hand to press a finger to his lips requesting Dean’s silence. When he receives a nod, he turns his attention back to Jolene, who is saying something about getting back to his date.
Sam makes that pissy little mouth thing he does and shakes his head. “It’s not about the shirt, Dean. We need to talk about your plans after recovery. You can’t hunt anymore, and you’ll be miserable here if you don’t have that.”
Standing at full height, Castiel asks, realizing he doesn’t recognize the angel, “Who are you?”
Dean blinks at him. “Gee, nice to see you too, Cas.”
As usual, if I'm missing a tag, give me me a poke and I'll add it.
With the paring knife behind his back, Castiel slices open his palm and backs up against the refrigerator. With the image of a banishing symbol in his mind, he begins blindly tracing one with blood. He hopes it’s enough to work.
After everything is bundled by department and recipient, Dean then takes the elevator between floors, pushing his cart through different configurations of cubicles depending on the department. The rest of his day usually involves helping copy documents and deliver them where they need to go. Late afternoon until end of day is spent sorting outgoing mail.
Downstairs is a pretty nice laundry facility, which works out since almost everything he has is wash-and-wear. Hey, he’s just an intern, with his senior year at Cal Poly coming up after the summer. He can’t afford dry-cleaning. Getting a paid internship was a nice bonus though, as he’ll need to save all he can, as his scholarship is just barely enough to cover all his expenses.
Dean can’t believe they’re doing this and getting away with it. Until Cas reminds him of all the shit they got away with when they were still hunters. But still, it was a different time.
He strips out of his pants and crams them and his gross underwear in a hamper to deal with later. Not bothering with new underwear, he slides the sweatpants on, then starts rearranging pillows so they can sit and talk. By the time he’s done, he turns to see Cas watching him, still standing near the sink.
Eyes flashing blue again, Sam’s consciousness returns to his body. “Uh, Cas? When did you get here?”
“Nah, I got it. Besides, you’re gonna pay me in
Curious, Castiel picks up the cup and takes a tentative sip. Green tea with honey. “Thank you,” he says, looking down at the lid. Jolene’s been so kind. He will hate having to move on from this place. But at least he has a viable skill now.
Dean leans forward before they continue on, and asks, “Are you wearing
Dean watches as Castiel grasps one of those hand-sliced fancy artisanal kettle chips between two fingers and places it on his tongue before it disappears between his lips, jaw working as he chews.
Castiel gives a heavy sigh. “I need to check my correspondence and sign off on a few things before I can leave. But please, enjoy the rest of your evening.”
Dean’s answer hits Sam like a physical blow. “What are you to me?”
As soon as Castiel has adjusted to wearing the wig, Jolene introduces him to makeup. He’s not particularly enthusiastic about adding the process of applying it to his morning routine, but does it to humor her. Most days it’s nothing more than some lip gloss, a little eyeliner, maybe some blush. Interestingly enough, it seems to increase his self esteem, so he keeps up with it.
Shit. Cas didn’t want to admit it, but Dean figured out pretty quick the guy didn’t have a regular place to sleep. Instead of actually mentioning it though, he just dragged Cas to a late-night drive through and back to his motel room, where he helped take care of his hurt hand at least, insisting Cas sleep in the extra bed too. Just to keep an eye on him. Dean had almost tried paying for a week at the motel for Cas, but didn’t know how he’d react to that. Hell, maybe the guy actually had a place, but was ashamed of it, didn’t want Dean to see it. If there’s one thing Dean understands, it’s being ashamed of where you’ve been living.
There’s another hunt with Jody, their sheriff friend in Sioux Falls. Dean withdraws even more after this one, and refuses to discuss the case at all. It’s awkward. Castiel wishes more than anything he could see Dean face to face, because he has a feeling something happened that Dean feels guilty about. While he doesn’t have a jealous nature, Castiel can’t help but wonder if Dean is losing interest. After all, what can Castiel offer him from over a thousand miles away?
The next few days are a trial in patience. Sam’s had to hang around in hospitals before, but this is maddening. It’s never takes either of them this long to wake up from a relatively minor injury. He thinks about asking Gadreel to try waking Dean up again, more than once. But if what he’s been told is true, he’s actually in worse shape than Dean, with the angel hitching a ride the only thing holding him together.
“Then who are you?” Castiel crosses his arms. While he knew the angels were looking for vessels, who would have been desperate to take one by coercion?
Oh, does he like that?
Dean’s face breaks out into a brilliant grin, and Castiel wants to bask in it. There are times that Castiel wishes he could tell what goes on inside Dean’s mind, because the man is thoroughly confusing.
He swallows and asks, “So… what’s up with the wig? You look like you’re dressed like a chick.”
Heart in his throat, he tries to form words. “What… what’s happened?” is all he manages to choke out.
There’s not much Castiel can do other than wipe things down one-handed and hold the dust pan, but he does what he can to help Dean make the kitchen look presentable again. He’s sure they’ll be finding flour in the oddest places for a while still, but it no longer looks like a bag of flour exploded in here. Dean celebrates their accomplishment by getting the pie tin, two forks, and a couple of beers.
“Who!” Truth is, Castiel should, even in his weakened state, recognize an angel he’s met before. It bothers him that he can’t tell who this is.
Staring down at the date and time of the one-way ticket to Sioux Falls, Castiel contemplates cancelling. But Sam had seemed to want him there, and Jody didn’t question his right to be at Dean’s side. Maybe he can just stop by, check on things. See Dean. Surely by the time he arrives, Dean will be awake and complaining. Castiel braces himself as he brings up Nora’s phone number. She won’t be happy that he’ll be asking for time off with such short notice.
“Miracle’s awake.”
It’s Friday morning, and Castiel enters a conference room that’s larger than the one he and Dean had been using, to find the room noisily occupied by interns eating pastries and drinking coffee. With their first month over, they’ll be changing to different departments after the holiday weekend. The list of intern names and new assignments in hand, he clears his throat, and slowly the room quiets as they notice his presence. Dean is sitting at the far end of the table with a stack of donuts, powdered sugar crusting his mouth, eyes widening as he recognizes Castiel.
Apparently, the effort took more out of the angel than expected. They agree that as long as Dean’s life isn’t in danger, they shouldn’t try to heal him any more for now.
Oh. That makes sense, Castiel is the boss, after all. Nodding, Dean heads toward the door. “Cool, well… don’t work yourself too hard, I guess.”
He’s tried so hard to leave his feelings in the past…
Thankfully, Jolene stays quiet as she pulls a tray of loaves out of the oven. Castiel helps transfer the loaves to cooling racks before sitting back down to finish his croissant and coffee. While he’s washing his plate and cup, Bernie sticks his head in through the door. “Hey, Misha? There’s someone here to see you.”
Testing, Dean peppers tiny kisses along his neck, and earns the most interesting noise that he's ever heard come out of Cas's throat. What is that? Something between a moan and a whimper. So he ups the stakes, adding nibbles, and Cas practically turns to putty in his arms, letting out a pleasured "Ah!"
The final chapter in Heaven, as the story comes to a close.
No stranger to changing gender due to different vessels, Castiel only nods, which makes Jolene smile and squeeze his cheeks. “You are a precious peach. Anyway, everyone around here is used to me as Jolene the woman. When they see you in the wig, they’ll expect that’s what you’re doing, too.”
Castiel shows Dean where some of the thrift stores are. When asked why there are so many, he shares what he’s learned about the numerous resources, and increased homeless population in the area. Dean gets a bit pensive after that, but cheers up when Castiel finds a Metallica t-shirt on one of the racks.
The next day, he gets another message from Dean:
“Because everyone knows you as Steve.” Jolene grabs him by the shoulders and has him face her. “Do you think I was born with the name Jolene?”
It’s surprisingly easy to get Jolene to agree to let Castiel off early when he explains that Dean needs his assistance with something.
“T.M.I. Dean. And just so you know, Eileen saw it first!”
“Jolene asked me to change shifts. I’ll be closing tomorrow.”
Wait, what? “Excuse me?” Castiel asks.
That evening and the next morning are spent preparing the room he’s been sleeping in for Dean’s arrival. They get a late start at the hospital, and Jody asks for Castiel stay by her side while they fill out discharge paperwork, just in case there’s something she needs help answering. There’s a never ending parade of papers and forms, with “just one more signature.”
Eileen said it would just take time, and to be there for support, letting Dean know there are people here for him. But it’s been hard, with everyone else having settled in across the country, to really show Dean that network of support. That, and Dean spends more time in his room when Eileen is here.
The smile slips off Castiel’s face, and he leans against the counter. “
“Well, you do, so I thought…”
The reminder that the Hastings WalMart isn’t 24 hours clinches the decision for Dean, and after finishing their meal, they head for a wilderness area north of Omaha. By the time they arrive, it’s late. There’s one of those RV campgrounds, and it takes almost nothing to break into an unused seasonal RV to crash in ‘til morning.
This releases some of the tension Castiel was feeling, and he relaxes his shoulders. “I’m fine.”
“Hey, Emma,” he says, sitting up and putting the datapad aside.
After a while, some of the richer kids wanted to go bar-hopping, but Dean and a few others can’t afford it, so they hang around nursing their last pitcher before heading home. On the way, they stop at the local grocery and pick up some cheap supplies for cooking, and affordable alcohol. That way, those who can’t afford to go out all weekend can still have a good time. Saturday night, Dean’s glad he’s not the only one strapped for cash as well has handy in the kitchen as he gets to know Garth, who can’t hold his liquor, but sure knows how to cook.
“Dean.”
“Somewhat.” Yes, Castiel remembers seeing what was left of Dean Winchester’s soul, working over another on the rack.
Cas smiles at him, his eyes full of fondness. “Whatever you like, Dean. I learned to fish too, you know.”
“Yeah, but I thought it was just because I was still healing, falling asleep sitting up and stuff.”
Leaning back in his seat, Dean brings his coffee to his lips. “Eating pie and having coffee.”
"Uh, good morning, Mr. Novak," the young man says as he looks down to sort through the stacks of mail.
Grunting, Dean puts down his burger and picks up the phone. Bonus, there’s a smear of special sauce on it now. Ugh. “Dunno, man. Could be nothing.”
“Hmm? I’m fine, just thinking.”
Castiel stands there a moment, debating his options. He can stand here, looming over Dean until he explains himself, Jolene watching from behind the counter, or he can sit and act amicable. Pulling out and sitting in a chair across from Dean, Castiel asks, “What are you doing here?”
Dean stands up to pace. “This is gonna be bad, we’ll either have to hurry up getting ‘droids across the border, or find somewhere to hide them at this rate.”
Castiel wishes more than anything that it wasn’t. “This is no ordinary angel, Dean. This is very, very bad.”
Next chapter, Dean should wake up.
"I know your unique upbringing led to a tendency for you to over identify with fictional characters, and it's partially my fault for analyzing the last movie, but Rob Gordon is not Dean Winchester."
“rA9,” Emma says in her own voice. “The other androids are calling him rA9, their savior.”
Cas launches into a dissection of the movie, talking about how the young man was a warrior who frequently wore a trenchcoat and was devoted to a young woman who knew what she wanted out of life, and how they spent the beginning of their relationship as friends, even though they were attracted to each other. And after they consummated the relationship with sex, she broke up with him, until she realized her father wasn’t the man she thought she was, and asked the young man to take her back. Then, they faced a new future together.
Castiel watches as the young man before him grows flustered and breaks eye contact, then stumbles backward. He almost sighs when the man tips over some pens, but his breath catches in his throat when he’s presented with a well-formed, denim-clad ass.
Letting his breath out in a whoosh, Castiel stares at Dean while his head feels like it’s being filled with a light gas, and that it might float off his shoulders. Never did he expect Dean to say… or do… No, he can’t handle this, it’s too much. Castiel tries to press his hands to his face, but the one in the brace is just awkward, so he covers his eyes with one hand, just to block things out for a bit.
Unfortunately, he still needs to help with Dean’s pants, so he tries to avoid looking at the man as much as possible, considering he’s eye-level to Dean’s crotch as he holds out the sweats for him to step into. He later takes his time with Dean’s shoelaces, hoping to avoid any more eye contact, until Jody comes back into the room. Then, he lets her take over most of the Dean-handling.
They never catch any fish on the dock, and Dean couldn’t tell you how long they’re out there, but the sunset glow eventually shifts to a cloudless night, the sky full of stars. Their chairs get traded out for a soft blanket, and they lie there, fingers entwined, gazing upward.
“Dean, you always order a burger. Why do you even bother to look at the menu?”
He asks, “Assassin at his high school reunion, or record store comedy?” He deliberately leaves out the word
He looks up into Dean’s eyes, shadowed in the dim light of the room. His heart is thudding wildly, and he can feel Dean trembling under his hand, which might be grasping his shirt sleeve a bit too tightly, but he dare not let go. Dean reaches up with his free hand, and cups Castiel’s chin.
Arriving at the apartment building he’ll call home for the next couple of months, Dean texts his contact that he’s here. He gets buzzed in, and directed to the ninth floor, apartment E. He knew he’d be sharing quarters, but he doesn’t expect to see so many of the other interns crammed into the living room. There’s seven of them, and they all greet him warmly.
He doesn’t look up, but he can hear the surprise in Dean’s voice. “Really, Cas? I didn’t think you were interested in those kinds of places.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel stands up and stretches his back. The chairs are definitely not made for sleeping, and he’s grown to enjoy actually sleeping in a bed at Jody’s. After a long look at Dean sleeping restfully, Castiel gathers the paperback he’d brought with him and follows her to the parking garage. It’s late, Marlene’s shift having ended at 11PM, and Castiel is surprised to see lights on when he’s dropped off at Jody’s.
“You kind of have Eastern European type features, so how about… Misha?”
“Cas? Are you okay?”
Cas places his hand on Dean’s chin, making him meet his eyes. “Whatever makes you happiest, Dean.”
me about it before.”
Castiel puts the final touches on the foam-art cat face the young woman asked for on her latte. He’s getting better, and it actually looks like a cat, with whiskers and everything. She takes the mug with a smile, and two muffins, joining her friend at a table. Smiling, Castiel watches her go, then turns to the next customer to see… Dean.
This week, there are a couple of morning meetings, and he finds himself thinking of green eyes and static shock during some of the boring parts. Friday, Castiel pulls on his dark-wash Burberry jeans with a blue and white check shirt of the same brand.  Looking in the mirror, the shirt looks more like a blue shirt with a few intersecting black and white stripes, but the website called it “giant check.”
“Holy shit.”
I am so sorry guys, I realize I haven't posted anything in six months, but I've been battling a major writer's block, and have had to drop out of two separate writing challenges. Hopefully, I've finally broken past that, now.
Leaning forward, Dean gives him a brief kiss on the lips. “It was just supposed to be a dumb movie, but I think I’m starting to warm up to your take.”
Contentment temporarily overriding his bladder, he snuggles closer, burying his nose in the short hairs at the nape of Cas’s neck. But soon enough, his bladder demands his attention, so as quietly as he can manage, he slides out of bed and pads down the hallway to go take care of business.
things. Dean has had more put on his shoulders at a young age than anyone should, and that included helping raise Sam.
Wednesday morning finds Castiel holed up in a small conference room surrounded by papers, laptop open, and the projection screen filled with diagrams. They’ve been trying to get a contract for a major automobile manufacturer, and Castiel is beginning to reconsider his stance on checking everything over. He started this company working on business and computer software engineering. This is… well, he knows almost nothing about vehicles.
“Morning, Sunshine. Coffee?”
“It feels like it's right through me.”
“Never again, Cas,” he whispers, a one-sided promise.
This breaks a very long writer's block streak for me, when I couldn't manage a single story.
Surprisingly enough, even though Jody’s much shorter than Sam, she manages to seem imposing when she’s arguing right in your face. But as much as he respects her opinion, he still needs to think about what would happen if—
Whiskey almost spills where Dean’s pouring it into his own glass. “Wh-what?”
“Yeah, I know. Physical exertion bad.” He’s beginning to wonder if Cas just doesn’t love him in a sexy way. He seems to enjoy kissing, but… the man’s gotta have needs, right? As the doubt spins in his mind, Cas gets up.
As they grow older, Sam retires, leaving both teaching and the bunker to those with better eyes and more able bodies than himself. Eileen has a stroke and passes away soon after, and Sam finds himself alone yet again. Young Dean is out finding his place in the world, and he refuses to take that away from his son. As Sam’s health worsens, with a bad fall and a broken hip, he finally calls his son to help him. He knows he doesn’t have much time left, and he only hopes that Heaven has changed for the better since the last time he was there.
“Just a little hunting injury, not fully healed yet.”
Looking up at Jolene, he says, “I understand if you wish me to leave. Your safely and livelihood is more important than my employment here.”
And Eileen, Dean thinks. But not Cas. “Finally free,” Dean says bitterly.
“But here you are now, hiding. Broadcasting waves of pain for anyone who can feel it, weak and human, when you’re needed the most as an angel.”
With as much tact as he can muster, Castiel explains to Sam that he’s not as healthy as he thinks, that an angel is still healing him. Confused, Sam asks how.
He recognizes what this is, and is horrified.
The Winchesters need to know about this, he thinks. But will either of them be willing to hear from him? Sam didn’t even see him off when he left the Bunker, and he hasn’t spoken with Dean since then. He takes his time finishing his reorganization of the newspaper while he thinks of how to contact them. Dean seems like the one to contact. But should he call? What if they’re on a case? What if Dean doesn’t answer? That might be best, since actually speaking with Dean right now might be too much. But he would still like to hear Dean’s voice.
Yeah. Anyway, should have the next chapter up within 24 hours.
“Yeah, sorry about that.” Castiel looks down at his croissant and tears off another chunk.
“Yeah, well it’s only when I’m on the road. There’s an old, really nice straight razor I found at the Bunker. Might start using it, if you get tired of beard burn.”
Of course. “Okay. Just be careful.”
Running blind
The officer shrugs, tells Dean to report any suspicious activity, and leaves. Locking the door and leaning against it, Dean lets out a breath and massages his temples. It’s going to be a long day, and he needs coffee. He also leaves the news off until after Cas gets up and turns it on himself. It’s more of the same, with major cities having erected camps for collection and destruction of androids. It’s genocide. There hasn’t been any activity from the deviant group who marched in Detroit since that freighter that was supposedly their base went down.
Dean gets up first, and places a kiss on Cas’ crown, where the hair has gotten pretty thin. They’ve both gotten lucky with their hair, mostly just going silver and receding at the temples with some thinning. Better than Sam at least. Poor guy’s hair has receded so far back, you’d think he was the older brother. But then he hadn’t been resurrected from the dead as many times as Dean had. Maybe it’s a side perk? He’d hate to see how bad his knees or back would be without all that healing mojo in his thirties.
I also put a lot of thought into how to label this, between Mature or Explicit. It was decided it wasn't quite explicit enough, but it's very steamy IMHO.
“Mmmm.”
“You go live your normal life, make coffee, bake pies and cookies and whatever. Stay safe.”
Standing at the bathroom door, Castiel pauses, listening. There’s the gentle sloshing of water, but otherwise nothing. He knocks. “Dean?”
It’s different, settling into this new thing with Cas; even if, according to Sam, it’s really not that new. After finding out the extent of Dean’s injuries, Cas has been treating him like he could break at any moment. They’ve spent time talking, and Dean’s managed to avoid complaints about turning into a girl; out-loud, anyway.
"I'll get that one, be right behind you."  Things are starting to click in Dean's mind. What if Cas is actually holding himself back for Dean's sake? How could he even begin to approach that? He's spent so long thinking the guy didn't have human emotions, he forgets to pick up on Cas's tells. Musing, he grabs the bucket and heads to the kitchen.
Cas stayed in the car, giving them space for their reunion, and the notes of the song drifted on the breeze. Dean was leaning against the railing, admiring the view, when he could sense Sam’s landing.
Castiel peeks around the doorframe to see if anyone was listening. Thankfully, there’s nobody in earshot. “You need to stop talking about Dean like that, Meg.”
Bernie calls to him, “I’m going to have to throw out that coffee I made, unless you know someone who would drink it.”
The room erupts into conversation at that point. Dean leans back in his seat and stuffs what appears to be half a donut in his mouth.
Dean doesn’t look up, he just gives a half nod that dismisses Sam, who will probably get back in touch with Eileen as soon as he’s got the door closed. He should be happy for Sam, he really should. But all he can think about is Cas’s confession circling round and around in his brain.
Stabbing at his pasta again, Castiel smiles bitterly. “Since when have we ever spent this long on the phone together while not talking about a case?”
As usual, Cas is the one to pull away. He takes a deep breath and rests their foreheads together a moment before speaking. "I don't think I'm up for another movie tonight, Dean."
Dean winces, clenching the remote, and Cas squeezes his hand. When did the socially awkward angel he used to know become so good at reading him?
“So, uh, I have a mostly full bottle of whiskey and a couple of beers. You want something?” Dean asks while he unties his boots, his jacket already tossed over the back of a chair.
Charlie even chips in a bit, just as smart as her counterpart from this world, but is ready to find a life outside of hunting, with Stevie. They’re still part of the network, just as support, with a weapons cache for hunters in need.
“These humans, They can get better. We’re just doing the best we can.”
This finishes off what has been posted on Twitter so far.
“Right, yeah. But still, Cas. Just give me some time to get used to this? Please?”
Content to just sit next to Cas, Dean dozes. He’s startled awake when he feels the hand under his move. Curling his fingers around to hold it, Dean squeezes. “Hey.”
“Yeah, I still can’t get past that this is how you chose to lay low from the other angels,” Dean raises an eyebrow, “It’s some cover.”
Castiel hums in reply. Only a few scenes into the third movie, Dean changes the channel. “Sorry, I, um, don’t feel like seeing that one right now.”
He may be human now, but he does what he can to make sure that the ones he cares about are safe.
“Yeah, Cas?” Dean’s voice next to his ear makes him shiver.
The first half of episode 20, reworked to include some missing people. See notes on where to stop for the barn scene if you want to skip it.
They manage to get two right away, clean decapitations, before they’re both thrown into a scuffle. They try to keep track of each other’s positions while fighting, and Sam gets at least one more before being overtaken and knocked into a daze and Dean gets pinned by two of the brutes. A woman walks into the barn, talks to Dean, who she seems to recognize. She says her name is Jenny and long time no see, but Sam can’t place her. They’ve hunted a lot of monsters, after all.
“If this escalates,” Sam responds. “We’re not even sure if this is just a small group, or if they were even deviants.”
Emma’s good at making just enough for the both of them, and comes back when it’s time to clear the table. Cas has just finished his second cup, and he sits back with a huff. “Good morning, Dean, Emma.” She gives him an indulgent smile before disappearing into the kitchen with the dishes.
“Cas, you’re drunk.”
Sam, as bull-headed as ever, kept arguing. “Yeah, he’s told us he loved us plenty of times before.”
Later in the day, Dean jumps when there’s a knock on the door. Meg is standing there, leather jacket over her arm. “You need anything else, Boss?” she asks, a strange half smile on her face, one eyebrow raised.
“Then that settles it,” Dean says with a slap to the steering wheel. He pulls the car onto Sherman and drives past the cafe, which is now closed. “Did you realize how many motels there are on this street alone, Cas?”
With a huff, Bernie takes in the sight of Castiel, the pamphlets clutched in his fist. “When you figure out what you want, let me know.” At that, he goes back to cleaning something behind the counter.
“Why? I don’t have powers, I’d be useless.” And that’s a bitter reality.
Miracle lets out a short whuff, and Dean groans his way out of the chair, stiffly stumbling into the kitchen for coffee and hopes they have some meat he can cook for the dog.
Taking a deep breath, Dean lowers his arm, resting his hand with the remote on the sofa. "Yeah, okay." He can do this. For Cas.
It’s bad, and it reminds him of the case where they found Alex. Raising kids to be used as food. Sam shudders.
With a spike of worry, Castiel sits up and doesn’t hesitate. The first ring doesn’t even finish before Sam picks up, and his voice is shaky. “Cas? Oh God. It’s Dean.”
With a nod, Castiel leaves and explores the town. He finds out about the shelters, and discovers most of the temporary housing is full, and that Coeur d’Alene is apparently well known for being a haven for the homeless. As such, it’s drawn a disproportionately large indigent population. Not wanting to take a shelter bed from someone else who might need it more, Castiel plans on sleeping outdoors again, at least while the weather is nice.
It was just a damn bugbear.
Castiel gets out of the car, and collects his things from the back seat. Out of habit, he pulls the blond wig back onto his head with practiced ease. He’s surprised that Dean turns off the engine and gets out of the car as well. Knowing he’s probably in for a lecture, Castiel invites Dean inside. After disabling the alarm, he lets Dean in and locks the back door. As he heads through the back hall, he tells Dean about the arrangement, that he has a room in the back, and how he’s allowed to use the kitchen.
That causes Dean to snort and curl into Cas’ side, hiding his face. “You can’t just say shit like that, man.” He stays there for a moment, breathing in Cas’s scent, listening to the gentle lapping of the water below them. “I want you to like it, too,” his voice muffled by Cas’s shirt.”
Castiel nods into his shoulder, hands balled into the canvas of his jacket, not wanting to let go. This is a good place, and he wishes Dean could stay, bring Sam with him too. But that’s not their lives, never will be. It won’t be Castiel’s either, unless he’s willing to let go of Dean. He was ready to before, but now he can’t imagine it.
Great, Sam’s home early. “We kept it in our pants, Sammy. Calm down.”
After another deep breath, he turns to face Dean. “I’ve seen this before.”
Dean loans him a pair of boxer-briefs, which fit differently from the loose boxers he’s used to. He also offers Castiel a fresh t-shirt, “Just so you have something clean to wear right after your shower.” Castiel notices Dean’s gaze linger on the wolves shirt he wore yesterday.
Questions swirling in his head, Sam jumps when a hand lands on his shoulder. Cas is standing behind him, looking at him with a solemn expression. “We’ll get through this together, Sam.”
Flipping through the stack, he sees the W of Dean's last name and pulls the evaluation free.
Oh yes.
Castiel sits in the chair, watching Dean sleep for some time. He feels guilty for avoiding the truth when Dean outright asked him about what happened. He’d managed to avoid that question, only to get blindsided with a new one, asking if he was his brother. That’s not a title Castiel feels he deserves, and he managed to be truthful while evading the actual question. While Dean has called Castiel family before, it sets a strange ache inside of him whenever he thinks about it. Human emotions are frustratingly complex, because the thought of Dean regarding him “family” causes simultaneous sensations of joy, melancholy, wistfulness, hope, and longing.
Castiel realizes his coffee is finished just as that conversation ends. Knowing it’s rude to loiter, Castiel takes his cup to the trash and glances at Bernie, who seems exceedingly frustrated. Wishing to help he asks, “Is there anything I can do to help?”
They stay overnight in Akron to study the threads of a possible case, when the call comes in over the scanner. The next morning confirms their suspicions, that what they’re dealing with aren’t normal humans, and Dean seems to have connected the dots. Sam’s glad to let him take the lead. They take an educated guess at where the “vamp-mimes” are headed next, and get lucky in the suburbs of Canton, bag one of the vampires, question him.
“Honey, you have to tell me what’s wrong so I can help.” Her tone is soothing, like he’s a skittish animal.
Other than pie, what’s something Dean would enjoy that he has the ingredients for? He’s out of ground beef, so burgers are out. Hmm, he might be able to…
Closing his eyes, he presses his face into the pillow. He asked for this. Dean leaving shouldn’t cause this pain in his chest, but it does. It’s still early enough, maybe he can wallow in his guilt and pain for a while, then get up and take a shower before he’s kicked out of the room and has to make the trek back to the cafe before his shift. Arms sliding against the cool underside of the pillow, he presses his face firmer against it, the pressure somewhat alleviating the pain in his head. He’s also still wearing the brace, and his wrist reminds him of that injury as well. When he admits he needs to breathe, Castiel turns his face to the side, away from the annoying light.
Oh, and I guess I should note that the calendar fits with 2016, mostly because I wanted a Monday holiday.
Waiting was harrowing. There were few updates, and as the day passed, Sam wondered if he should have just let Dean make his damn speech. He’d answered he couldn’t remember how many questions about how and where Dean got injured, talked to the cops, had about half a dozen cups of very bad coffee, then remembered to get his phone out of the car to… to what? He didn’t know if they needed to plan Dean’s recovery or his funeral. Hiding in a quiet corner near the chapel, he FaceTimed Eileen.
he tells himself as he turns back to the laptop which has a diagram of component controls for different parts of a car.
On a day in early July, just after Independence Day, Castiel and Bernie are relaxing during a lull in customer traffic. Someone left behind a local newspaper on a table earlier, and Castiel is looking through it while putting it back in order. An article about a missing man catches his eye. As he reads it, he grows increasingly bothered by the circumstances surrounding the incident and a couple of similar incidents mentioned.
He lets out a shout of anger before he realizes where they are. Dean’s lying in the bed, broken and unconscious. In a hospital. If Castiel causes a scene, they will draw unneeded attention. Hands balled into fists at his sides, teeth clenched, Castiel paces back and forth in front of the door. This is… this is terrible.
He manages to choke through the tears, “Dean…It's okay. You can go now.”
“Yes,” Castiel’s head bobbles. “And there’s a lovely park right there. I slept in the woods on the hill when I first arrived, it’s quite nice.”
She salutes him with the drink and leaves, revealing Dean waiting patiently with that damn smirk on his face again.
“I’ll need to update your alarm code so you can set the perimeter alarm but not the interior. Oh, and just in case, if you ever
Dean bursts into laughter and pulls Castiel onto the bed sideways. “You’re a weirdo.”
in the back of his mind. What if Dean didn’t have to remember his childhood trauma? What if he didn’t have to remember Hell? What if Dean could actually live a normal life? One completely free from the Hunter lifestyle? He’d already tried it once with Lisa, but that hadn’t worked, because Dean had already lived through so much. What if he could truly get a fresh start?
The next morning he wakes up face-down on the table, head throbbing and back sore. At least it’s not on the floor this time. The bottle is empty, so he’ll need to get up and get another for some hair of the dog. Speaking of dog, there’s a furry warmth curled at his feet, and oh yeah, they’ll need some stuff like food and bowls if they’re going to keep Miracle.
Dean grins. “Does that make us a couple then?”
Letting out a defeated sounding sigh, Dean’s shoulders droop, and he turns halfway to Castiel “I’d’ve done you as you are, Cas,” he whispers.
Blinking, Castiel looks at Meg who is smirking up at him from her desk. "No, I have work to do." And with that, Castiel goes into his office and sits down at his desk, where a huge grin breaks out on his face.
Castiel opens the door and steps inside the dimly lit room, spotting the figure in the bed right away. Bandages, tubes, wires, if he didn’t know it was Dean under all of it, he doesn’t think he could tell. As a matter of fact, if Sam wasn’t staring up at him from a chair next to the bed, Castiel would wonder if he was in the right room. It suddenly becomes very difficult to breathe.
Castiel stirs as the bus weaves its way through the mountains of Montana and Idaho. He smiles at how drastically the scenery has changed since Missoula, the evergreens clinging to the steep sides of peaks. Bus travel has definitely been an adventure, the people surprisingly friendly and helpful. As he enjoys the scenery, a green sign comes into view saying that their next stop, Coeur d’Alene, is 14 miles away. Ah, good. He could use some leg-stretching.
Dean’s speechless. He stares at Cas in wonder, trying to process everything he’s just heard. It’s… a lot. And he hasn’t watched this movie in years, let alone thought of it in terms of their relationship. He blurts the first thing that comes to mind.
Cas looks him in the eye, then down at the pants. He smiles as he reaches for them. "Thank you for being so thoughtful, Dean. I guess it doesn’t matter since most of my clothes are borrowed anyway.”
The kitchen. Cooking. For other people. He’s half offended and half impressed by the crazy idea. “I’ll think about it. And Cas?” He looks over at Cas, who’s been quiet and off to the side this whole time. “What about him?”
Cas explains that when he awakened in Heaven, that he no longer had a corporeal body. Whatever had happened between his confession and then, there had been some kind of transformation. “I can still do most angelic things, but in order to go back to Earth, I would need a new vessel.”
Dean mentions something about Castiel being stuck with him, and he remembers a song he’d heard on the radio during the ride to the hospital. It was an upbeat tune, and Castiel tries to explain it, even though all he can remember is the refrain. Dean’s laugh surprises Castiel, and simultaneously makes him feel guilt at seeing Dean in pain from the effort. But Dean’s request for the song flips Castiel’s emotions back the other way in an instant, and he’s happily typing the lyrics into his phone when Jody arrives and announces that Dean can go home tomorrow.
"So… while driving around in Baby is fun and all, do you think I…
As soon as Castiel hears the back door close, he sags against the work table. Why is Dean here? And by here, he means going down the street to get beer to go with the pizza that Castiel is now going to make for them to
Sam and Eileen join them mid-meal, with plenty to share. Cas signs an apology at Eileen, and she accepts with a wink. While they’re finishing, chatting over coffee, Sam’s phone rings. He checks the number, palms the phone, and stands up.
“You?!” Dean leans back from Cas in surprise. “You’re siding against me on this?”
Swallowing around a lump in his throat, Castiel turns away.
Sam looked offended. “You don’t think Cas and I have a strong bond? Listen, I know you guys are… whatever, but—”
a man?” Just then, Dean rushes at Ephraim, an angel knife in hand. But as Dean is about to strike, Ephraim gestures with a flick of his wrist, sending him crashing into the work table, sending flour everywhere. Castiel cries out as Dean crumples in a heap.
kind of weird. Nope, it’s not ghosts, or monsters, or even the apocalypse. It’s androids. For months, they’ve seen an increase in violence from the machines breaking their programming. Movement from the right distracts him, and a young woman comes into view.
(See the end of the chapter for
Surprised, Castiel sits up and leans back from the table. “Dean. What can I do for you?”
No. Sam cuts off that train of thought, because it’s not fair right now. Laptop in hand, he stands up and walks to the door. Stopping, he looks Dean, then back at Cas. “I’ll keep my phone on, so feel free to give me a yell if…” He’s not even sure how to finish that, but Cas seems to understand, and tells Sam to rest well. With nothing else to say, Sam walks out the door and down the hall to the elevators.
Out on the road, the radio plays “Running on Empty” by Jackson Browne.
I couldn't figure out where to stick Dean's POV about Castiel's new Friday outfit, but I'll mention it in a later chapter.
“Yeah, what else—” Dean’s eyes widen in realization. “That’s right, there’s pie waiting for us back at your place.” A gleeful grin spreads across his face. “And beer.”
Yes, he's found a hot spot, so he goes about exploiting that. Sucking marks up and down Cas's neck, he delights in the increasingly unbridled sounds emerging. Cas chokes on a breath when Dean bites his earlobe.
“Oh, no… I think I’ll be fine if not a bit slow. I’m sorry for the inconvenience.”
With a nod of her head, she completely ignores Dean as she makes her way back behind the counter. Dean’s watching her, and Castiel catches him whispering something about “Dudes dressing like chicks around here.” Castiel’s glad that it was whispered, and everyone else was out of earshot. If Dean’s going to spend any more time around the cafe, Castiel will have to warn him to tone down the transphobic language.
“Does Sam know?”
“And you know I’ll help with that.” Sam pauses, eyes distant for a brief moment. “Gadreel says he’ll help, too.”
Dean refuses to look at either of them. “Yeah.”
As usual, if you need me to add tags, have comments, whatever, feel free to speak up!
“What is it?” Dean asks, just before Cas calls from the house.
Happiness swells in Castiel’s chest at the thought of Dean making plans to accommodate his wishes back at his home. And while Castiel has enjoyed the rough texture of Dean’s stubble, the thought of touching Dean’s clean shaven face sends a tingle through him. He imagines standing close to Dean, spreading shaving cream across his cheeks, being allowed to drag a razor across his skin, Dean’s neck exposed as a sign of trust— “Cas!”
Fully aware he’s going to have to wipe the grease off later, Sam slides his phone across the table to Dean. “Hey, check this out.” His phone is zoomed in on the important part of an article where someone is describing catching a ‘mutant bear’ rummaging through a campground’s trash.
Castiel gasps, feeling his face heat. "Company policy—"
That makes Cas laugh, and damn he’s beautiful. “Yes, that too.”
Stunned, Castiel shakes his head.
Realizing he’s just been standing there staring, Dean stumbles back into the doorframe of the room. “Yeah, I’ll see you tomorrow, boss.”
Laughing as light as air, Dean rolls off of him, and takes the blanket with him.
“I need to change out of these anyway, here.” He reaches for another drawer and pulls out two pairs of matching sweatpants.
s a constant chant in his mind as Castiel tries to remember he’s merely here to support Dean.
“Yeah, it can be either a male or female name. Do you like it?”
If Castiel is honest with himself, part of him expects that he won’t hear from Dean again for a long time. So it’s surprises him when he gets a message around 6 p.m. from Dean saying he’s stopped to eat. Smiling, Castiel stirs the pot of noodles boiling for his evening meal. He arranges the jar of sauce, the empty pasta box, and takes a picture with the pot in the background, steam rising from it. The picture is attached to a message:
He’s done this before and knows to first look for the homeless resources. With a temporary computer pass, Castiel finds a couple of places he can check out tomorrow. The rest of the day is spent exploring the park, and finding a good place where he can settle for the night atop a wooded hill overlooking the water.
“Yes, but I was hoping to avoid Uri’s smug face as long as possible,” Castiel says with a sigh.
“Yeah.”
Patting Sam on the back, Castiel braces his legs and back to help hold him up. After a moment, Sam sighs and lets up, grasping Castiel’s shoulders. He looks like he hasn’t slept. “Dean will be glad you’re here.”
can she be so kind and understanding? Castiel figures he was going to run anyway, so why not tell her? Not the full truth, of course, but a half-truth, edited enough so she doesn’t call the mental health professionals. He tells her there are people after him, people he once considered family, who wish him harm.
She shakes her head. “If the bakery has any turnovers, I’ll consider getting you one. What about you, Cas?”
Chapter 3:
Dean stares at the amber liquid in the glass bottle. “I’ll think about it.”
* * * * *
Staring down at him in shock, Sam replies, “What? I’m…” He’s interrupted as orderlies push him aside to restrain Dean so the doctor can administer a sedative.
Castiel smiles to himself. Monday he'll call his tailor and ask about shirts.
HAHAHAHA
“Do you want this shirt, Dean?” Castiel asks, holding it out.
Broken arm, busted ribs, neck wound, head trauma, blood loss. Jody explains that as soon as Dean’s stable, they’re taking him to Sioux Falls General. Sam feels dizzy and a little sick. When it’s time, Dean’s airlifted, and Jody drives Sam to Sioux Falls. He still hasn’t seen his brother since he was unloaded from the first helicopter.
They leave Miracle with Eileen.
Dean’s eyes widen, and his pupils seem to dilate. “Sure, great, have at it. Water pressure’s decent, lots of hot water.” Dean stands up and doesn’t seem to know where to put his hands. “You feel free to uh, use whatever I’ve got. I’m, ahh…” He jerks his thumb over his shoulder. “Just gonna go see about getting an extra towel.”
“Just like old times, huh?” Dean gives him a half smile, and that close, it’s all Castiel can do to keep from blushing under his gaze.
Cas, still holding Emma’s hand, responds. “Yes, Sam. For the past half hour, that’s all any of the news channels are talking about.”
Okay. They expected that he might have some short-term loss, but the grim look on Dr. Cameron’s face says there’s more to it than just that. “How bad is it?” Sam asks.
“Yeah, exes always are. Oh, hon. Your heart’s still attached to him, isn’t it?”
“Where? In Heaven? Is it an angel doing this?”
Sometimes he wonders. While he doesn’t like to think about his brother’s sex life, he’d always thought Dean and Cas were in an unconventional relationship. But he’d never asked then, either. He wishes he had. He knows Dean loved Cas, and Cas loved Dean, he could see it on their faces any time they were in the same room. And many times they weren’t even together. But sometimes he wondered if THEY knew it. Dean and Cas were the epitome of the relationship status “it’s complicated”.
That said, he’s still mad at his brother for tricking him into it, even as he sits at Dean’s bedside, waiting for him to wake up. With Cas here, Sam goes back to Jody’s more often than the first couple of days to sleep on something other than a hospital chair, but most of the time the both of them sit quietly, waiting and watching for Dean to wake up.
Castiel’s chest swells with an unnameable happiness. Sure, it’s just to check on things, but Dean chose to stay. Feeling a flush of heat on his cheeks, he turns to look at the back fence of a property on the other side of the alley. “Okay, I can show you around,” he says shyly.
I've already got part of chapter 2 written, I just need to fill in some ep 20 events without actually watching the episode.
“Yeah, Cas. I’m fine.” Castiel can hear the Impala’s engine. “Still driving, and needed some company.”
Frowning at Dean’s word choice, Castiel quietly explains having seen angels in town a couple weeks ago, and how his boss Jolene helped him change his image.
The false name lands on him like a blow, and he flinches.
“Er, it’s, um… State Line…” he whispers the next words, looking down at his hands in his lap, “Showgirls.”
“Do you remember, before waking up in the hospital after the last trial, having agreed to anything while in a dream-state?”
It takes all his concentration to pay attention to Dean interviewing the witness, a student who explains that she was talking on the phone with the victim, who had stopped speaking right before the grisly spatter had occurred. Nobody had seen anything, and Dean asks if the girl had been upset or depressed. Castiel swallows back a comment, knowing what happened, and it’s confirmed that the girl hadn’t been depressed, although she had recently lost a favored pet, and that her parents were in the middle of a divorce.
“What do you mean, nothing?” Sam grows worried. How can Dean not remember anything?
Sam grows increasingly tired the deeper they trudge into the forest, and when they come to the barely-standing cabin at twilight, he volunteers to keep an eye out while Dean checks inside. There’s a crash, and a surge of adrenaline wakes Sam up enough to try to kick down the door, but something must have fallen behind it. Calling for Dean, Sam tries to find another way in, and looks through a grimy window just in time to watch as the roof collapses on Dean and the bugbear both.
Desperately trying to swallow around the lump in his throat, Castiel blinks at her with watery eyes, until she pulls him into a hug. She whispers in his ear, “I’ll be in at 4 with something else for you.”
He can almost feel the disappointment Dean is aiming at him, but he doesn’t turn to look, just focuses on the people cleaning up the pink spray, all that remains of an innocent, helpless girl. What could Castiel possibly do to stop any of this?
“Yes, we do.”
“Because— Look, you have this new life as ‘Misha,” right?” The light turns green, and Dean keeps talking as he accelerates. “Don’t you think they’ll find it weird that a
“Isaac usually comes in at noon to help with the lunch rush to close.” Castiel looks for the alarm clock motel rooms always have, and it says the time is currently 9:18. “When is checkout?”
Cas, you message me, or call. Whenever you want.”
He realized, if Eileen passed, Sam might be along soon. And Dean knew the perfect place to meet him.
They stand with a heavy silence between them for a moment before Castiel straightens up, work persona back in place. “That will be $6.34 for your coffee and pie.”
Dean’s head lands on Castiel’s shoulder, and he huffs. “You know what happens with two guys, right?”
“Cas.” Dean’s voice with that one word is firm, and it draws his eyes up to meet Dean’s, who is looking at him firmly. “I’m not gonna go some place you don’t want to go.”
A few weeks have passed, and the Winchesters have settled into a routine. They get up, do chores, clean guns, eat, exercise, sleep, repeat. Eileen’s come over a few times to spend the night, but Sam hasn’t really left for much because he wants to keep an eye on Dean.
Before he can ask more, there’s a knock at the door. Jody rushes in, seeing Dean’s awake. Sam feels a twinge of irrational jealousy at the caring touches she gives Dean. But Sam snaps out of it when she directs a question at him about the hospital asking about the incident. Thankfully, she’s kept them off their backs so far, and he tells her so.
Cas places a hand on Dean’s knee, looking at him soulfully. “And I would also like to wake up next to you.”
“But we are?” Castiel looks into his eyes. “A pair?”
“Of course, Dean.”
“Are you an axe murderer, serial killer, or child molester?”
Dean doesn’t like it. It’s bad enough they’re risking their necks to help out a couple handfuls of androids find freedom, but he keeps waiting to hear about the one shipment where some border crossing agent gets too nosey and finds the compartment where they hide androids. Or even worse, when they track them back to the farms, and they all get busted. But Sam and Cas both insisted, and Emma has been happy helping her own. So here he is, prying the LED ring off of a twitchy PL600.
“Dean?”
“Oh.”
Ephraim screams as white light emanates from his body, and Castiel remembers to look away and cover his eyes. The screaming seems to go on forever, until the glow behind his eyelids fades, and the empty body that once housed Ephraim collapses to the floor.
Unzipping the case reveals a blond wig on a styrofoam head. Castiel lifts the head out of the case, and inspects the long layers. “I’m supposed to wear this?”
“You don’t have to do all that.” Dean pulls one hand out of a pocket to scratch the back of his head. “What’re you doing after this?”
Dean was dying, impaled on a length of rebar attached to a post in a barn. He was at peace with it and was trying to make a farewell speech, but Sam kept trying to shove something in his mouth. What was that? A hex bag? It tasted like ass and made it even harder to take his last breaths. Sam started chanting something in Latin, and Dean doesn’t remember anything else after that.
Three episodes in, Dean is asleep on Cas’ shoulder, and Cas presses a soft kiss to his brow before turning the volume down and switching to the news again. The feed is alive with events happening live in Detroit, where androids have barricaded themselves at Hart Plaza. With closed captioning on, Cas leans his head against Dean’s and watches them make their bid for freedom. Lids heavy, Cas stays awake long enough to see them not only succeed, but the president offers to create a committee that will determine if androids are alive. Of course, there isn’t much trust in government committees, but the fact that they’re no longer destroying androids, and at least considering their sentience, is a start.
“Yes, and you’re a hunter.”
“They left without incident, it seemed best to not bother you unless there was something important.”
With one last breath, Dean says goodbye, and drops his head on Sam’s chest, his body limp. All Sam can do is cry, holding onto his brother’s dead body. Again. For the last time.
Dean finds an opportunity one day to try and maybe stretch the boundaries past hugs and kisses. Sam and Eileen are out on a date, shouldn’t be back for hours. So he plans for a John Cusack night. He’s got some greats picked out, and hopes Cas likes them. It’s been a weird learning curve, since Cas seems to take things so literally. He just doesn’t have the cultural background to understand them.
“You can’t be ‘Misha’ today?” Dean gives a charming half-smile.
Castiel gives him a small smile. “Thank you, and you have a safe trip home.”
“I learned from you, and from my mother, and Castiel—”
Cas asks if they can send them to the old Men of Letters bunker in Lebanon, but that’s not a good idea either. It’s currently in use by the new MoL, and you can’t just stack up and store deviant androids like cordwood for however long it’s necessary. It could be months.
Almost every channel on TV has some sort of news about what’s going down, and movie channels are showing
Dean grumbles as he leans forward, hands digging into the armrests of his recliner. “If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you were getting lazy, making me help you finish with that.” Grunting, he pushes himself to standing. Damn knees ain’t what they used to be.
very good. Neither man says much else while they eat, or look directly at each other, and Dean even slows down when his sandwich is almost finished, as if he’s avoiding whatever happens next. While Castiel chews the last of his sandwich, he wonders if this is when Dean will tell him that last night was a mistake. He watches as Dean finishes, wipes his mouth, and clears his throat as he rolls the napkin into a ball.
Cas zips up and turns to face him. “A change of underwear first?”
Sam smiles. “They have a place for him, too.”
“Steve?”
Nodding, Castiel keeps them walking in the direction of the Moose Lounge. “Yes, Really.” Dean pulls out his phone, taking multiple pictures while Castiel grabs his arm when he almost walks into a pole. Castiel has never actually been inside before, and finds the interior cool and dark. Dean’s grin grows wider as he spots a moose head mounted on a wall, lights wrapped around the antlers.
Sounding out a couple other names, Jolene keeps doing something on her phone. “Ah, I got it!”
“Yeah, sure.”
Oh. Has Castiel already made a subconscious shift in the way he acts towards Dean?
) and a couple Spaghetti Westerns. Cas walked Dean to his room. Grabbing his hand, Dean led him inside and they stood there for a while, just looking at each other. Then, deciding to just go for it, he leaned in and kissed Cas. It was awkward at first, Cas not responding for a second before he leaned in, kissing back. It didn’t go any further that night, but Dean figured maybe there was something to going slow in a relationship, because it had felt amazing.
“Barista,” Dean scoffs, as the door opens and someone comes in with a handful of fliers, asking if the cafe will post one in their window. Castiel says he’s willing to take one now, and ask Jolene if it’s okay. He sees them off with a smile before turning back to Dean.
Sam’s watching quietly from the vidscreen as Dean frowns at Cas. “We have a rule, no bringing up the A-word to her if we can help it.”
For a moment that doesn’t sound bad at all, and then Castiel realizes he’s needed at work before too long. He grunts to express his displeasure, pouting at the loss of Dean’s mouth on his. How is he going to survive without this, now that he knows what he’s been missing all this time? Dean apparently finds him funny, and laughs.
The rest of the ride to the hospital is tensely quiet, and Castiel feels relieved when he’s dropped off in front of the building, Jody saying she’ll be back after work to check up on things. Already knowing Dean’s room number, Castiel avoids the front desk and looks for the elevator.
On the way out of the area, sun rising in the East behind him, Sam makes a call to Jody, tells her he’ll need help. Explains what happened to Dean, currently wrapped up in the back seat of the Impala. It’s all he can do to stay focused on the road and make the call, so he leaves it up to her to make the arrangements.
“We? You still with your friend?” She stresses the word friend, like she’s expecting… Castiel isn’t sure what, but he’s too tired to parse it. Oh, there’s something he should mention, he thinks, staring down at his hand.
Flipping around on the bed, he crawls over to the other side and reaches for his shoes. Should he put them on here, or just leave first? Before he can get much further with that thought, There’s a hand on his shoulder.
November 8, 2038
The question throws him. It’s entirely out of nowhere, and it leaves him disoriented. “What?”
Cas turns onto his side. “Is that what you would like?”
“No! We’ve discussed this, Sam. It’s too risky.”
There’s a moment of shock when Dean
Rocking together, their lengths encircled in Dean’s grip, Castiel clings to him through the wave and crash of his orgasm. Dean soon follows, his breath fast and hot against his neck, everything warm and wet between them. The weight of the man he loves presses down as Dean’s arms give out, and Castiel holds onto him, the last shudders of orgasm fading into a drowsy state. It’s like this, in what he feels is the perfect moment, that Castiel falls asleep.
Dean swallows as he pulls the envelopes from Castiel's hand, fingertips lingering. "Have a good weekend, Boss," he says, tucking the envelopes into the "Outgoing" slot on the cart.
Standing there a moment until he’s sure he can’t hear the Impala’s engine anymore, Castiel goes through the kitchen side door and puts away his groceries before slipping into his room to prepare for work. Jolene has brushed out his wig, and it’s sitting on its styrofoam head on a little table he’d found in a thrift store. Once he’s ready, Castiel picks up his phone and considers sending Dean a message. But he just left, and is going to be driving for several hours at least, so Castiel slips the phone into a pocket and starts his work day.
Grimacing, Sam punches a button and listens to Kevin rant about whatever Crowley’s told him today to piss him off. Maybe Sam could just stop by the bunker for a few days, give Kevin a break, do some research. As he drives away from the hospital, it becomes a better and better idea.
"What, did you forget about Casual Fridays?" she asks.
He looks around the flour strewn kitchen, the bloodied refrigerator door. “Yeah, we were just cooking.”
Swallowing back a surge of emotion, Dean listens to Jack finish his speech. After Jack says goodbye and dissolves into white mist, Sam says his goodbye while Dean tries to hold himself together. With the dog named Miracle resting in the back seat, he stays silent during the trip home while Sam handles their phones as calls start coming in from the silo, from Jody, and Sam brushes them all aside when Eileen facetimes him. Dean smiles bitterly. At least Sam still has something good. The rest of the trip home he distracts himself with fielding incoming phone calls, saying they’ll all be filled in later, that Jack saved the day and they still need to process it all too.
Clearing his throat, Dean shifts his eyes to the side. “So you seem to be doing good here. Got a decent job, a place to stay, and a nice enough boss.”
They sit there quietly for a moment, before Castiel rocks to his feet. “I would offer you a place to stay, but all I have is a hard tile floor in a narrow room with a small bed, so…”
Cas turns his head to look at him. “Yes, Dean?”
Dean’s head rests against his, and he can feel breath warm the back of his neck as Dean speaks. “I promise, Cas. As soon as Sam is better, if you want to, the bunker can be your home, too.”
Last Castiel remembered, Jody disagreed with Sam about that idea. Something must show on his face, because Sam continues. “Listen. Cas, do you remember what you pulled outta my head, after… After.”
Enjoy some Schmoop.
Sam and Eileen don’t spend long at the wake, just enough time for them to receive well-wishes and have the toast. Thanking Jody again for what feels like the hundredth time, they make their way back to the bunker.
“Yeah, and I still need to take care of the body in the trunk.”
That earns him a delightfully delicious kiss, Cas holding Dean’s face in his hands. “I love you, Dean Winchester.”
will they?”
“Yes.”
“It’s cool, Cas! I’ll just… hold onto it, and we can trade back next time we see each other.” The edges of Dean’s ears are red, and he grabs the shirt, wadding it up and cramming it in his duffle bag before Castiel can object. It seems Dean still has trouble being honest, and Castiel holds back a smile.
“Monday’s gathering will include some clients and business partners. Please dress… business casual.”
Castiel was afraid of that. He keeps talking, keeps Ephraim talking until he can figure out a plan. Ephraim honestly thinks what he’s doing is the right thing. He doesn’t understand the complexity of human emotion.
While the girl grieves for her lost friend, Dean attempts to console her. Castiel can’t breathe. He needs to get away from the scene, needs to be able to not smell the remains of the poor girl.
These thoughts circle around his head, when Dean interrupts them by saying, “I, uh, I’m sorry for uh, you know. Telling you to go.”
This one has a widescreen TV for sports events, and they’re close enough to hear it when the news comes on. There’s been some kind of disturbance over towards the Nebraska border, campers missing, the usual. It’s when there’s mention of some kind of mutant bear that Sam’s ears perk up. Curious, he pulls out his phone and starts checking out news feeds for more information. It’s a local paper for a town near the wilderness area that catches his attention.
He can't help one corner of his mouth twitching up in amusement as the intern scrambles for the pens, then rushes off with a blush on his freckled cheeks. Reaching for the stack of mail to place in its proper receptacle, Castiel watched as Dean's lovely ass disappears around the door frame. For half a moment, he considers changing dress code regulations until he remembers it’s inappropriate to ogle the ass of a subordinate. Even if it is a lovely ass. Still, Castiel is amused and instructs his assistant to have the mail delivery be brought directly to him from now on.
The word sticks in his throat. He’s held it back for so long, didn’t think Cas could feel emotions the way humans do, didn’t feel worthy.  But he’s thought about this ever since…
*Piles Shmoop upon you*
Leaning back in his chair, he surveys his desk, tidy except for the evaluations. Weekends are usually spent on work-related socializing; Golfing with clients, business luncheons, drinks in swanky clubs. Castiel really doesn't have much of a life outside of work, and returns home to a quiet apartment at the end of each day. He sighs and stands, reaching for his jacket. By Sunday evening, he’ll be ready to get back here on Monday, as socializing is draining. It's much easier to interact with others within the constraints of an office environment.
“Oh?” Ephraim seems amused. “As what? As a man?
Slipping off his trainers and lining them up next to the bed, Castiel carefully settles himself against the headboard, making sure not to touch Dean. While Dean starts quoting movie lines, he hands Castiel one of the glasses from the nightstand. As soon as that one’s in Castiel’s hand, Dean never takes his eyes off the screen as he pours a measure of whiskey into the other glass, and tops it off with the root beer.
Playing it cool with a “Morning boss,” as he hands over the mail, he’s rewarded with a “Good morning, Dean,” and that now-familiar zap as their fingers brush. He can’t help but smile. Waving before moving along, Dean turns the corner and starts to whistle. It’s Friday, the weekend is almost here, and he’s going to video chat with his little brother Saturday. He almost doesn’t even care that it’s supposed to storm all weekend.
Sorry for the delay, it's been months!
“Thank you, Marlene. I hope you don’t feel obligated—”
That’s just embarrassing.
She was more than just a machine, and she’d quickly developed her own personality outside of her “Chloe” programming. Just like a Winchester, she’d become independent, questioning, and at times self-sacrificing to do what she thought was right. So Dean had vowed to help make her life better, have meaning. If he thought of her as a daughter, well that was none of Sam’s damn business.
is Dean trying so hard?
“Have you contacted Sam yet?”
He’s relieved to finally hear from Dean again a few days later. He seems a bit withdrawn, and says that it’s a story for another time, that he had to deal with some issues from his past. It’s frustrating, but Castiel knows Dean, and pushing the issue won’t help, but he does get a promise to discuss it later. But it’s always later, and Castiel misses Dean, wants to be able to see him.
Humming in acknowledgement, Jody focuses on the road. “That’s good.”
Dammit. He’d understood the purpose of song as an angel, the way it would uplift and connect, the way they would raise their voices in praise or exaltation. But humanity… While there are lovely musical pieces that do the same thing, there seems to be a genre that is entirely for the purpose of making one wallow in emotional pain. Why would someone wish to torture themselves this way? Perhaps there is a form of catharsis to be had in wallowing in these painful emotions, but Dean will be back soon, and Castiel just cannot handle it right now.
He hears Dean’s footsteps before he sees him, another coffee cup in hand and a croissant wrapped in wax paper in the other. Dean’s wearing a blue canvas jacket this time, over a red and white check shirt. Face lighting up with a smile, he ambles over and looks Castiel over.
There’s no hesitation when Castiel replies, “Of course I want to come.”
“You mind sharing?” Dean asks, looking hopeful with his eyebrows raised.
The return of hunters to the bunker helps stimulate the economy of Lebanon, and some modest growth of the town occurs over the next few years. Sam gets a job teaching at the local high school, and he finds it rewarding. After marrying Eileen, they build a house on the edge of town near the bunker, and he’s overjoyed when she tells him she’s pregnant. It took him a few years to get to a good place mentally, but even then, he cries when she suggests they name the baby after his brother.
He's rewarded with another glimpse of green as Dean looks up at him, eyes wide.
“Honey, you’ve been my best worker since you started. Let me go see if I can get Isaac to cover for you tomorrow, and you were already scheduled to take the next day off, so I don’t see a problem.”
Sam looks Dean over, then feels behind him, feels the warm blood. His hand is covered with it. He wants to move Dean, but his brother says it's straight through him. While it’s not poking out of Dean’s chest, Sam knows the damage a deep puncture can do if they remove the object. Dean’s pinned, like a butterfly. But he’s gotta do something. Maybe there’s someone who can help, or something in the first aid kit.
With a small smile, Castiel takes a picture of the stylized moose logo and is halfway to sending it to the Winchesters, when it dawns on him that they probably won’t care to receive anything from him. Mood deflated and an ache in his heart, Castiel turns south once again and doesn’t look up until he comes to the intersection that ends at the parking lot of a lakeside park. The park extends left, so he follows the street towards an adjacent library.
Castiel doesn’t care, so he shrugs while the milk is steaming.
I had to chop this up into two parts, but didn't want to leave it there, so waited until I finished where I wanted to.
“Then you should go.”
“But—” The light finally clicked on for Sam. “Oh.”
Great choice. Let me get it started.”
Dean’s lips press into a thin line, obviously in disapproval, and Castiel tries to not notice the dimples that form with the expression. Before Dean can reply, Jolene comes over to their table.
After a week in the hospital, Dean demanded to be released to a “local facility closer to home.” They had Jody pull some strings, then Sam carefully drove Dean back home to the bunker. Apparently some of Jody’s string-pulling involved arranging for a couple hunters with medical knowledge to keep him from damaging himself during his recovery.
Leaning against the building, Castiel thinks. “Personal shopping, go to the library, walk around the lake?”
Castiel turns to him, a couple of file folders under his arm. “I’m sorry again for letting the day get away. If you like, I can authorize for you to come in late tomorrow.”
,” he says.
Castiel blinks at him. “Here?”
It takes him a moment to realize he’s in a dangerous place, and there are two kids that need him to get them out of here. So he carefully lifts his brother off the hook, lowering him to the ground, then goes looking for the two boys, who are cowering in a back corner. He gets them out and safe, then comes back for Dean.
As soon as the door closes behind him, the phone rings. Groaning, Castiel gets up and grabs it, recognizing the number on Caller ID. “Hello, Jolene,” he answers.
At 4 a.m. as promised, Jolene arrives with her arms full of bags and boxes. She hands a cylindrical box over to Castiel and he holds it by the handle, staring at it blankly. “What am I supposed to do with this?” he asks.
Setting down his pole, Cas turns to Dean. “I can’t really explain. I remember being sucked into the Empty, and then… nothing. Then Jack awakened me in Heaven, asking for assistance with restructuring.”
“You know what you want yet?”
“Go ahead.” Castiel suddenly feels self-conscious of his nudity with Dean in the room, in a way he never had before around others, such as at the shelters. He holds still, listening to the extended shuffling he can hear over the sound of the water. Why is it taking so long to deliver a couple of towels? This question is answered when Dean peeks his head around the curtain.
Castiel quickly squashes that voice in his head. He will not let his own insecurities ruin the rest of his time with Dean tonight.
Dean pulled him into his arms. “I want Sam to see I’m happy, and I can’t think of a better way than to have you with me.”
“We love you too, Sam. Don’t we, Dean?”
He sits down on the couch, eyes glued to the screen. They’re talking about terrorism, even though nobody was hurt, according to early reports. So far no channels are showing the full broadcast of the speech, but Dean knows Emma will be able to get it, if she’s not already downloaded it.
“Dont,” Dean says in a plaintive tone.
Dean’s sitting across the table, blinking at him, looking a little stunned. He clears his throat again, shifts in his seat. “Huh. I was kinda gonna give you a whole speech about mistakes made while drinking, and how if last night didn’t mean anything to you, I’d be willing to not mention it. Haha.” He grins sheepishly.
Setting the cup near Castiel, Jolene pulls up a stool and sits across from him. “I made that for you, seen you fix it for yourself before.”
Jolene finds him a few minutes later, hyperventilating in the bathroom. Castiel jumps when he feels her palm between his shoulderblades, telling him to take slow breaths. Even before, when he was newly human, struggling to survive and not be found by other angels, he’d never felt this level of sheer panic. Did they find him? Is it merely coincidence? After he is finally breathing normally, she asks him what all that was about. Of course, he tries to pass it off as nothing, and she seems to accept it although she gives him a sideways look.
They finish up with the proposal a little before four p.m. and Dean wonders what he’s going to do with the rest of his day, and who has been taking care of the mail. He’s half expecting the mailroom to look like a disaster tomorrow morning. But his project here is done, so it’s not like he can linger in this conference room with Cas anymore. Fingers toying with a binder clip, Dean watches Cas tuck all the papers away before shutting off the projector.
“Right. Well, we need to stop this guy.”
Thoughts of last night filter in, and he remembers Dean tracing the Enochian warding on his abdomen with his tongue. Tendrils of heat at the memory wash through him, and he idly brushes across the tattoo with his thumb. Memory may be all he has of Dean for some indeterminate time, and now he wishes he hadn’t had so much to drink, much of what they did not much more than a memory of intense sensations and emotion. He dunks his head under the shower to clear away the melancholy thoughts beginning to surface.
"My suits went to Disney World without me, so I had to wear what I had in my carry-on" the note says, the initials D.W. scrawled at the end. With an amused hum, Castiel places the evaluation on top of the stack. A little sass with a sense of humor. He likes that.
Previously on 15-year-show:
? Really?” The words are too loud, and Castiel glances around. The young woman and her friend are on the other side of the dining area, but it’s small. Thankfully, they’re not looking.
He’s not expecting Dean to offer a place next to him on the couch. Sitting beside Dean, Castiel watches what appears to be the renovation of a bathroom. He wonders if perhaps it reminds Dean of the year he lived with Lisa. He considers asking Dean if he remembers anything, but holds his tongue. The doctor said they’re not supposed to try to force the memories. It surprises him when Dean brings it up on his own, not due to familiarity, but noticing Castiel’s hesitation. Had Castiel been that obvious, even in his silence? He explains the similarities in as vague terms as possible.
Castiel narrows his eyes. “Yes, I do. I was the one who pulled him from Perdition, rebuilt his body.”
Dean’s injured. Seriously. And there’s not a damn thing Castiel can do about it, because he’s graceless, human. It was impulse that had Castiel agreeing to go to Sioux Falls, but what good can he do when he’s there, other than get in the way? His phone pings with the confirmation for his bus ticket. He has to force his hand free of the phone from where he’s been gripping it so tightly, his fingers having become stiff.
They both glance over at the bed, then Castiel clears his throat. “How is he?”
The fighting resumes, three against two. Sam’s dealing with two, but he sees Dean drop his machete. This is going to go south really fast, so Sam takes a risk and swings wildly, getting half of one’s head, the blade sticking in the shoulder of the second. Once that one’s dispatched, he turns to see Dean backed against a post, the large, masked vampire looming over him. Another swing and that one’s down too.
“Then let me show you something, and we’ll come to an understanding.” She leads him to a storage room near the back door. It’s narrow, with only a small textured window for lighting, a bare bulb fixture in the ceiling. “If you want, this can be your room.”
Later that afternoon, Castiel hears Dean shuffle down the hall, the toilet flush, and later the tub faucet. Castiel knows better than to expect a call for assistance, but keeps his hearing trained in the direction of the bathroom in case of emergency. Some time later, he becomes concerned, since he hasn’t heard any noises from the bathroom. Shouldn’t Dean be done by now?
He's seconds away from breaking through his own stubbornness to ask to just cuddle up on the couch, when Cas pulls away.
Crossing his arms, Dean faces Sam straight on, feet braced apart. He knew that phone call was suspicious. “I have a feeling you’re going to tell me what you have planned, without asking me first.”
Dean interrupts. “Wait, where is Cas? Can you...?”
Hearing Dean respond sends a wave of relief through Castiel, and he rests his forehead on the doorframe. “Just making sure you’re alright in there.”
With a groan, he accidentally tries to use his injured hand to push to a sitting position. There’s an employee’s bathroom with a small shower, but it’s attached to the kitchen, so Castiel gets dressed. Since he showered last night, all he needs to do is relieve himself, wash his face, and brush his teeth. Hopefully there will be some small task he can perform today, because he desperately needs to feel useful.
~~~~~
One arm around Sam’s shoulder, the other around Cas’s waist, Dean looked out over the flowing river as the last notes of the song played,
“Then we don’t want to have your name sound too much like one of them. Hmmm…” Jolene taps at her phone. “What about Robin?”
“If you’re tired, go get some sleep. You know I’ll let you know if anything changes here.”
“I’m siding with Emma,” Cas soothes. “She gets a say in this too, and she is eager to help her people gain freedom.”
Castiel feels the horror of realization sweep over him. How could he possibly explain they killed an angel in here? “I— I would never! We… we didn’t—”
“I have responsibilities here. Serving customers, maintaining the equipment and facilities, I’m even learning how to bake,” he says with a touch of pride. He’s worked hard to adapt to his new humanity.
And he now knows the guy is reading his evaluations. Thinking about the Disney World reply he’d left because it wasn’t fucking fair, his cheeks heat at the amusement sparkling in Mr. Novak’s eyes when he’d mentioned it. Shit. Dean finishes his rounds and heads back to the basement with the mail cart. Fucking unfair blue eyes, unfair lost luggage— one of the wheels of the cart gets jammed in the elevator entrance, jolting Dean from his thoughts. As he jostles it free, he continues his thought,
There’s something so endearing about seeing Dean like this. He becomes almost childishly enthusiastic about food, and it doesn’t matter if he has monster guts in his hair, if he’s been driving across the country all day, or if he’s just woken up. Eating makes him happy. Dean glances up from the menu, and double-takes at Castiel.
Dean manages to get one of his arms free of Castiel’s grip, and turns his head to face him. “If I do anything you don’t like, you’ll tell me to stop?”
Gasping, Castiel turns to her, wide-eyed. "Meg!"
It’s with a heavy heart that Castiel gets ready for bed and lies there in the dark of his small room, thinking of Dean. Now is when all the thoughts he’d held at bay come crashing back to the front of his mind. Sleep takes too long to come, in spite of his exhaustion.
“I need to visit the restroom. Will you choose the next movie, Dean?”
She shrugs, mouth pulling into a frown, drawing the age-lines on her round face deeper. “Just a project that’s kicking my butt at work. I need some fortification.”
“And you always tell me my pie is better than store bought,” she teases.
“Thank you, Dean. I’m better now.”
Castiel stares down at the one bed. Of course, it’s just Dean. But all hope of possibly falling asleep watching TV and staying the night evaporate at the sight. He’d grown accustomed to there being two beds when the Winchesters got a room. “No, I think I’ll be fine.”
Dean gives him a splash with a dubious look, but Castiel wobbily sits up and downs it. If he’s going to adapt, he may as well emulate the one role model with which he’s spent the most time. But the liquor has loosened his tongue, and there’s something he’s thought about off and on since he started wearing the wig, something brought to the front of his thoughts since last night. Staring at Dean, he asks, “If I had taken a female vessel, would we have had sex by now?”
“Well, unless we have to wait on a suitcase?” She pauses, and Cas shakes his head. “I have an issue to deal with on the other end of town, so I’ll have to drop you off at the hospital.”
There are times when Castiel has been on the receiving end of random acts of kindness. Each time, they surprise him. Turning back to the counter, Castiel pulls some rumpled dollars and coins from his pocket. “How much is it?”
“Stop?” Ephraim huffs. “Not until I wash this planet of all suffering.” He makes his way towards Castiel, who keeps the work table between them. “So many voices begging for relief from pain and despair.”
He’s chewing when Jolene leans closer and stage-whispers, “You didn’t have sex in here, did you?”
“I still wish you a happy holiday and safe travels, you’ve done well this past month.”
“Oh. Sorry, Dean. What was it?” Castiel usually isn’t this absent minded, and shakes his head to clear it.
Fridays are supposed to be casual, but Dean is now terrified of wearing even his one pair of nice jeans to the office. At least he brought a couple more colorful button-ups and can leave off the tie. On his way through the gauntlet of cubicles to Mr. Novak’s office, Dean debates with himself over whether he should button the top button of his shirt. Mentally kicking himself, he thinks he’d rather get in trouble with his boss than go around all day looking like a dork. Top buttons are for ties. That’s it.
When Dean woke up the next day, he seemed surprised he was still alive. As the doctors told him the news about the damage, he gave Sam constant stinkeye. If he healed completely, he could never hunt again. The job he had signed a contract for, up in smoke as it was labor-intensive. And he was looking at weeks, if not months of recovery and physical therapy.
“Uh, yeah…” Dean takes a step back, a look of surprise on his face. “Regular coffee and another slice of pie?”
Oh. “I don’t have much of a life outside the cafe, Dean. It’s diffi—”
Maybe just a little. “Why not?” Castiel replies.
Out in the hallway, they wait for the doctor to finish, and Sam gets on his laptop to send the hunter an email with an update about the lack of news so far. By the time he’s finished, the doctor is still talking to Dean, which is starting to leave Sam agitated. Jody’s off to the side talking to Cas about something or another, having taken the ex-angel under her wing so to speak.
“There’s just something about you, Steve. And yes, I can tell that’s not your real name. We all have our reasons, but as long as you don’t screw me over and you are truthful, I’m offering to help you get back on your feet.”
Closing his eyes, Cas lets out a relieved sigh. “I don’t know how you got me out, even though I expected that to be the end for me. Thank you.”
Nodding, Emma turns and disappears down the hallway. With a sigh, Dean lumbers to the dining room, and sees where everything’s already there, things just need to be set in their places. Once the places are set, Dean helps himself to a cup of coffee, extra strong. Just the way Cas likes it.
Adrenaline surges through Castiel’s body, seeming to numb the sensation in his hand and wrist. From the side, he sees Dean slide the angel blade across to him. Just as a pink light begins to emit from Ephraim’s hand, Castiel reaches for the blade with his free hand, grasps it, and plunges it straight into Ephraim’s gut with as much force as he can muster.
Looking confused, Cas says, “Where's here?” his voice more gravelly than normal.
The angel explains Sam’s condition, how weak he really is, and how much effort it takes to keep him functional. It’s apparently difficult to keep any extra power while trying to keep Sam mobile and healing. Castiel knew it was bad before, when Dean had first explained, but the thought chills him.
After Sam gives Dean a short answer about Cas getting food and a shower, Dean says “Sam” like a question, like he needs something. But what does he need? Placing a hand on Dean’s cast, Sam says, “We were worried, you took over a week to wake up from this one. Doctor says you’re lucky you didn’t crack your skull open.” Not for the first time, Sam silently thanks Gadreel for helping get Dean out of the cabin.
“Yeah, you’re right.” Dean’s tone is firm. “Right. I’ll track down the Kevorkian angel, and put him down. By myself.”
At that, he reaches over and grasps Dean’s hand. “You could say we’ve taken each other back, and have begun our future together.”
“Just past Big Timber, about 80 miles from Billings.”
“Not now, Sam.”
“Because you have people after you! If they come in, they might not even notice that it’s you. Now, we need a new name.”
“And a messy kitchen you promised to help me clean.”
Jolene leans back and crosses her arms, giving him a level stare. “You come in here with clean but worn clothing, a flimsy background, and no proper I.D. asking for a job. Bernie told me about the coffee he gave you a couple days before that. We’re used to seeing desperation and homelessness around here. We’re also people who believe in giving someone a chance, if our guts tell us they deserve it.” She points at him. “Do you know what our guts told us about you?”
Shaking his head, Sam slumps in the chair. “No, I’ll be fine for a little longer, just gonna close my eyes a bit.”
That causes a sad smile to flit across Castiel’s face. “Yes, Dean. I’ll make sure to lock up properly.”
A lump forms in the back of Castiel’s throat. “No, he left last night.”
Anyway, I see this fic taking two more chapters at least, before it's finished.
“Never.”
Slowly, with effort, Dean asks Sam to tell him it’s okay to let go.  But he can’t, it’s too hard. Not when they finally got freedom. Dean asks again, his voice growing faint.
“You planning on spending the day with Loverboy again?”
Things get a little steamy in the kitchen when Dean discovers one of Cas's hot spots.
Dean leans forward and captures his mouth. Castiel opens his lips for Dean’s tongue, and he wonders if he will ever grow accustomed to the pleasure of kissing him, holding him close. This time is different, less about exploration and more after chasing mutual satisfaction before the hot water runs out. It’s difficult to remain steady on his feet when Dean touches him just so, and he clings desperately as their pleasure is wrought by deft hands.
He doesn’t know what to say, and stands there, staring at the dusty room with its stacked boxes of napkins and coffee cups. Jolene pats him on the shoulder. “It’s customary to say thanks at the least, you know.”
“Dean, there’s one place that… you might like to visit, although I’ve never been there.”
Thanks to Castiel’s new behavior of hanging out by Meg’s desk in the mornings, which just happen to coincide with the mail cart coming around, he notices a shift in attire on Friday. Fewer people are wearing button-ups, ties, and business skirts, exchanged for polo shirts, colorful blouses, and chinos. As he stands by Meg's desk, coffee in hand, he asks her about it.
“Who. Are. You.” He refuses to promise anything until he knows the truth.
They fill him in on what he missed: the whole world getting snapped, Jack winning and putting (almost) everything back to normal, and Dean’s injury. Thankfully, Sam doesn’t fill in too many details, because what’s important is they’re alive. Oh yeah, and they have a dog now. Sam’s been mostly taking care of Miracle while Dean recuperates, but with Cas here, Dean’s allowed short, supervised walks around the perimeter, Miracle finding interesting things to smell or chase as they go.
“Sam’s
He looks down, and Castiel dares a glance to see there’s blood dripping on the floor. Dammit. Ephraim rushes him then, grabbing his hand to prevent finishing the sigil. Castiel’s wrist gets bent backwards painfully, and it keeps going until he can feel something inside snap. There’s a sharp pain, and Castiel can’t help but cry out. At Ephraim’s whim, Castiel is pulled away from the refrigerator and down to his knees, his injured hand still in Ephraim’s painful grip.
September 2038
Dean blinks at that, then taps two fingers to his temple, winking. “Gotcha, Cas. See you then.”
"You made me a tape."
wanted this.” He’s not sure when he realized his love for Dean went this deep, but whatever happens tonight, he’ll have no regrets.
While Dean kind of wishes Sam was here with them, he’s glad his brother is safe across the border. Holding Cas’ hand tightly, they sit and watch the chaos erupting across the nation on the news. Riots are happening in some cities, androids are being hauled off to be destroyed, or shot on sight. People are executing their own androids.
Ah, that makes more sense. “I think that sounds enjoyable. I only have a small TV that receives local channels in my room.”
Cas stares out into the lake’s glistening waters. “I had some time to practice, after we fought. I figured I would try your recommendation for its meditative properties. It wasn’t as relaxing as I’d hoped, but I did stumble on a Djinn while I was there.”
“How bad is it?  Do you need some time off?”
Trying to avoid deflating a lung again, Dean drags over a chair next to Cas’s bed. It’s probably the most peaceful Dean’s seen him in… ever. They’ve both been changed into white t-shirts, and for just a moment Dean remembers when they left Cas behind in that mental hospital.
Another bite of pie gets shoveled into Dean’s mouth before he says, “Yeah, I can see that.”
There’s a long, drawn out breath, and some shuffling on the other end of the line. “We were on a hunt…”
“Yeah, but you didn’t
They’ve just finished the lunch rush when he notices Dean parked across the street, leaning on the roof of the Impala, his cell phone in hand. Pretending he doesn’t see him, Castiel finishes adding the flavored syrup to the current order and smiles at the customer, handing over the cup.
Back at the cafe, Castiel offers Dean the rest of an apple pie that would have gone to the homeless center tomorrow otherwise. There’s more than half left, and he can practically see Dean drool. “Alright, let’s get this kitchen clean!” Dean cries with his fist in the air.
Arms wrap around him from behind, trapping his arms. “I’m not gonna reject you, Cas.”
When Dr. Cameron asks about Dean’s psychological history, Sam thinks of all the things Dean’s witnessed, and seemed to shake off so far. Any one of a long list of crap could have triggered this, but a bugbear hunt is what did it? A memory niggles at the back of Sam’s mind, and he remembers a passage from John’s journal about when Dean went mute for a while after the fire. Shit.
“Yeah. They transferred him to Sioux Falls General. If it weren’t for Jody... “ Sam pauses, and Castiel can hear him breathe into the phone. “Listen. I’m not sure what’s up with you right now, but if you want to come, I can tell them you’re family.”
Castiel intentionally brushes Dean’s fingers this time, wanting that extra touch from the man who had managed to fascinate him, their eyes locked on each other the whole time. "Thank you."
Dean nods, and leans back to peruse the pastry case. “What kind of pie?”
“But this is my fault, Dean. They’re still my family and I want to help. Can I really afford to sit this one out?”
makes it back to the bunker. Because Dean sure isn’t going any time soon.
“Jack couldn’t just make you a new one?”
Castiel nods, and reaches for the upturned bowl of dough. “I’ll need to clean up by morning.”
“Do you honestly think that's what you’re doing? The best you can?” Ephraim shakes his head. To think I used to admire you, the famed Castiel. You’ve failed so often, but at least you played big.”
He always has to leave.
Castiel backs up through his door. "I would never take advantage of a subordinate like that," he says before scrambling to his desk.
Next chapter follows directly after this! (prepare for a RATINGS CHANGE)
There are a couple things Castiel could use from the store, and he normally doesn’t get to travel to the larger superstores except on his days off. Except this time he spent his day off with Dean. With the Impala available, Castiel can also buy more than usual, not having to carry it all home himself.
October, 2038
“And probably wants to be fed.”
“Dean, please,” Castiel hisses through clenched teeth, “Don’t make it difficult for me here.”
Dean’s first day was mostly dedicated to orientation and getting settled into their first month assignments. He’s been chastised for wearing jeans, but what could he do? It’s all he has until they figure out where the hell his suitcase fucked off to. Still, he’s glad he didn’t get booted out immediately, even though he’s pretty sure his mail-room assignment has to do with the way his new boss eyeballed him that first morning.
At that moment he makes a decision, and doesn’t care about the consequences. Leaning up, he pulls Dean into a kiss. It’s not much more than their lips mashed together, but it sets Castiel’s body alight, buzzing with something he can’t even hope to define. Nothing else exists but this moment. Eventually, it registers that Dean isn’t pulling away. Instead, his hand has slid back into Castiel’s hair.
Dean plays the radio on the way back to the cafe, and as they get closer, the impending separation weighs heavier on Castiel, his mood growing somber. The Impala parks behind the cafe, and when Dean shuts off the engine, the interior is stifling in its silence. Castiel reaches for his hand and holds on tight. “I don’t want you to go, Dean.”
Exhaustion hits as he slumps against the wall, Cas at his side. She lets them back in when she summons a nurse with something injectable for Dean’s pain, and Sam takes up his position back at Dean’s side. They’re warned that Dean’s going to sleep again from the drugs, and Sam grasps his hand to let him know he’ll be here for him. Cas leans forward, a hand on Dean’s other arm, whispering an apology.
Castiel is in a state of disbelief at this point. It’s a beautiful state; Dean is kissing him. Lips part and tongues become involved, and Castiel melts into the mattress. It’s everything and nothing he could ever expect, Dean’s skill as a lover coming out into play. Hands touch him, at first through denim and cotton jersey, then on bare skin. Everything is enveloped in a haze of warmth and bliss, and Castiel gives up trying to think.
But Dean tries to fight him, so Sam uses his physical advantage and Dean’s injuries to hold him to the bed. Once Dean stops struggling, Sam lets him go, but he’s worried. Could the doctor be right, and Dean can’t remember anything? Just to be sure, Sam glances over his shoulder at the door and whispers, “Are you sure you don’t remember anything?”
Crawling to that side of the bed, Castiel nearly topples over reaching for Dean’s arm to pull him closer. Does he dare believe what Dean just said? “Please, say it once more so I can hear you?”
“So…” Castiel leaves his shirt rucked up and leans to one side, propped up on his elbow. “If I’d taken a female vessel, when would we have had sex?”
“I understand the mechanics as well as the biological aspects.”
Dean opens his mouth, but Castiel blurts, “About last night,” which doesn’t keep Dean from saying, “Look, Cas—”
Cas’ expression falls, so Dean asks, “Why?”
In the kitchen, he learns to make pastries. One early morning, after a night full of disturbing dreams on the hard ground, Castiel comes in early and has fresh muffins waiting for Jolene when she comes in. “Sweetheart, where have you been all my life?” she mumbles around a bite of banana nut muffin. He doesn’t have an answer for her but he blushes under her praise.
What? Sam’s going to entrust Dean’s care to someone else? “Are you sure?”
“Not particularly.” Castiel did notice a few, but most were out of his price range when he was looking.
He takes a couple steps to the right to catch the name tag.
Even with the whiskey fuzzing over his brain, Castiel remembers it has to do with the protagonist’s missing father, and he can relate. “It’s fine, Dean. Let’s find something else.”
.” Dean says it so enthusiastically, like a slice of pie will make up for all that he’s already done today.
“I really shouldn’t,” Castiel says, while thinking that Dean should stop as well, especially if he’s going to have to drive him home when this is over. But he knows better than to say anything.
Sam knows he’s partially in shock, because it takes him half the helicopter ride to realize he should call Jody. Sioux City is close enough to Sioux Falls. Once at Mercy, Sam loses track of Dean while they cart him off to emergency surgery. Sam’s given an examination, diagnosed with exhaustion and mild shock, asked some basic questions, then given a cot to sleep on while he waits on his brother. It’s surprising that he’s able to sleep at all, but he wakes to Jody gently shaking him awake. Jolting upright, Sam nearly topples over, but Jody catches him, and says Dean’s still being treated.
Dean walks into heaven and finds a roadhouse, some changes, and an angel.
Later, while Dean and Cas are talking to Sam, Emma pops her head around the corner. “I’m going to the store. Is there anything specific you need while I’m out?”
“You look fine, the stubble gives you a rakish look.” She smooths down the shoulders of his t-shirt, one he’d just thrown on when he’d gotten out of the shower last night. He looks down and it’s one he picked up at a thrift store, with three wolves howling at the moon. At least it doesn’t have any holes.
Sam breathes out. “It’s pretty quiet.”
“I don’t know Dean. Anything’s okay with me.”
“No.” The angel explains that a
Unlocking his good hand from around Dean’s shoulder, Castiel slips it down Dean’s chest, to where Dean is gripping their lengths tight. He takes over the action, and Dean shudders, nipping at Castiel’s shoulder with a moan. He’s so close, breathing erratic, heart pounding in his chest; and when Dean reaches lower to cup his sac, it’s as if he explodes, sparks flashing behind his eyes as it grows slicker between them, his hips losing their rhythm.
For those wanting to skip the barn (tw: DEATH) scene, skip between the two sets of * * * * * before and after the line breaks.
The doctor warns them to expect Dean to be unconscious more than awake for a couple of days still, because of the pain. However, he seemed lucid during her examination, which is a good sign.  “We’ll hopefully know more the next time he wakes. In the meantime, I suggest the both of you go back home and get some rest yourselves.” She looks pointedly at Sam, who is obviously the one worse for wear between him and Cas. After a few more minutes of explaining what to expect from here, she ushers them out of her office.
There are some murmurs at that, and Castiel gives them a moment to settle. “I’m sure some of you are planning on travelling this weekend, and I hope you have a safe and happy Fourth. In case you haven’t heard, our company holds a celebration on the roof the evening of, with food and view of fireworks. While we cannot allow everyone attendance, two of you will be given the opportunity to join us, as a reward for exemplary performance.”
“More androids going off the rails.”
“Dean.” Cas pulls Dean forward into a hug, and that aggravates his damn injury, causing him to hiss.
Dean disconnects the call and turns around. “There was another kill, at a high school.”
With a weak smile, Sam places his hand over Cas’. “Thanks, we’re gonna need all the help we can get.”
It’s strange talking about this with someone. “Yes. I was allowed time off to come and visit Dean.”
“This isn’t you, man. Help me out, you’re above all this.”
That causes a slight flushing of her cheeks, and a wider smile. “Thank you, sir.”
Clean and dressed, Sam heads over to the diner next to the motel, where he finds Dean chatting up the old waitress over the last of his hashbrowns. Ignoring his brother’s antics, he slumps into the empty booth seat and turns over his cup to help himself to the coffee carafe sitting on the table. He grabs a laminated menu and hopes for something with vegetables on the breakfast menu.
“Huh? What?” Jerking awake in the chair, Sam blinks his eyes open, noticing Cas half out of his chair, staring at Dean. Who is facing Cas, mouth turned down in a scowl, eyebrows scrunched.
Dean finds working the mail room extremely boring. Novak Enterprises is a software engineering firm, so most of their correspondence is digital. But there’s still a need for physical mail, so Dean’s first task of the day is to sort out all the incoming mail. There’s even some interdepartmental stuff that makes it his way as well.
After processing that information, Dean asks, “Wait, you
“Yes.” Castiel can feel heat rising up his chest and neck, but continues to blatantly stare.
Victor Henriksen has been a diligent worker, and his supervisor gave him high praise. Harry Spangler has had some discipline issues, but is motivated and eager. Cole Trenton has had some serious problems over the past month, and Castiel is sending him to the mail room for July. Garth Fitzgerald had a clumsy start, but has improved drastically over the past weeks. Scanning their faces, Castiel thinks he’ll ponder the choice.
. Something inside of Castiel loosens, and he slumps against Dean, his shoes dropping back to the floor. “But you’ll go back to Lebanon, and leave me here.”
Mr. Winchester blushes almost every time he’s made to bring the mail to Castiel’s desk, and after a couple days he notices the change from denim to office attire. The knit tie is replaced with cheap but functional polyester, and the slacks are ill-fitting, but clean. Intrigued, Castiel asks for the weekly performance reports of the interns to be delivered before end-of-day, Friday. He usually only asks for the monthly reports.
More chatter erupts at this, and Castiel remains stoic until they quiet. “If you are unable to attend, please let me or your supervisor know, letting someone else have the opportunity.” Refusing to actually look at Dean, Castiel glances at the top paper. “The two interns invited to the celebration are, Stephanie Doorman and Dean Winchester.”
“I see. Thank you again for the coffee, and I hope everything works out.”
Next: The Heaven Dean deserves!
“I will, and you as well.”
Dean and Cas went to bed late and slept fitfully, to be awakened by the local police banging on their door. Dean lets Cas stay in bed as he goes to the door to tell the police they’ve already sent their androids off, and there are no more on the grounds or in the house. When the officer asks to come inside, Dean’s tempted to refuse him, but he’s learned to curb his attitude towards authority as he’s aged. When the cop asks about the amount of firepower they have around the house, Dean replies:
I never promised timely!
“I dunno,” Dean scrubs a towel through his hair. “I can think of a few times when I know you weren’t particularly happy with me, and at least once when you threatened to throw me back into Hell.”
“Hey Cas? You wanna go for a drive?”
think about is if Cas has a pillow at all.
As the grease-stained baskets are cleared away and their fresh drinks appear before them, Castiel’s phone buzzes in his pocket. It’s a text from Jolene, apologetically asking if he can come in tomorrow for Isaac, and work closing hours. He looks up to see Dean downing his whiskey with a grimace. Dean surely wasn’t planning on staying more than an extra day, was he? What can they possibly do in two whole days, anyway? Maybe it will be better if he gives Dean an excuse to leave, without it being too awkward. He quickly sends back that the shift change is fine, and looks up to see Dean ogling the phone out of the corner of his eye.
Sam says he’ll find a way to fix this, like they always do, but Dean says “No.” That he doesn’t want to be brought back. Makes Sam agree. He doesn’t want to, but these may be Dean’s final moments and he can’t tear himself away.
Finally they’re led to Dean’s room. Armed with copies of all that paperwork, a bag full of pills, and another with bandages, wraps, and other recovery paraphernalia, Castiel sees the relief on Dean’s face at the sight of them. But there are more explanations as the nurse repeats everything for Dean’s benefit. There are apparently even more forms to fill out, and Jody leaves Castiel behind with Dean to help him change into street clothes.
They settle into their chairs, and Dean watches Cas cast his line. “Not bad.”
Oh. “Well, I was thinking of spending the weekend with family, but it would mean riding the train for nine hours on the ride back.” He’s also not looking forward to having to be at the station at the asscrack of dawn, just to get back in the afternoon.
“They say there’s no swelling, but he still hasn’t woken up yet.” Sam turns and sits back in the chair he’d been previously occupying. He rests his clasped hands on the bed. “They can't say when he will wake up, though. We’ve both had plenty of head injuries, and they say that…” Sam swallows and takes a breath. “That the more head injuries you’ve had, the longer it might take.”
What? Castiel wasn’t planning for that! Distracted, he knocks over a tub of soapy water, soaking all down his front. Not sure how to respond, Castiel stumbles out that he’s busy, and that he thought Dean should know about the case before disconnecting the call.
“You sure you don’t want any?” Dean asks, waving the bottle in his direction.
Pursing his lips, Castiel gives her a narrow-eyed stare. She relents, hands held up in surrender. “Fine, fine. I’ll be over here keeping track of things while you avoid flirting all day long.”
Grunting, Dean takes a sip from his glass. “Yeah, you were happy enough with two beers.”
Okay, so there's one more chapter trying this all off.
Arriving at her house, Castiel is led to an empty bedroom where he can deposit his things. He hasn’t seen the inside of many actual homes, and he takes his time following the sounds of Sam and Jody in the kitchen, taking in the colors, textures, and shapes of Jody’s house. When he joins them in the kitchen, they’re making sandwiches, and ask what he would like on his. Not wanting to impose, he says, “Whatever you’re having.”
Dean gives him a flat look. “You called me, didn’t you?”
They stay on the phone together while Castiel finishes his pasta, and he puts it on speaker while he washes his few dishes. They don’t really talk about much else, and just keep each other company. Castiel mentions that his wrist is feeling better, and the brace helps him be able to work, since making drinks isn’t very labor intensive. Dean complains about other drivers, talks through how far he can go on what’s left in the gas tank, and debates different routes back to the bunker.
Once he’s back in his room, he notices Cas has rolled over. While he’s sliding back in, Cas opens his eyes. “Mmhh, hello Dean,” Cas says groggily.
After Dean turns the corner, Castiel glances at Meg to see her staring at him, one eyebrow raised and a smirk on her lips. He hides behind his coffee, taking a sip before he asks, "What?"
“Do it again.”
Little Dean grows and takes after his mother in looks, and Sam tells him about his legacy, what his family used to do for a living. On Dean’s 18th birthday, he gets a tattoo on his forearm both for safety and to honor that legacy, of the antipossession sigil.
Over the weekend, Dean finally has a chance to get fully settled in. He’s sharing the apartment with three other people, and so far they all seem to be able to stand each other. There’s Harry and Ed sharing a larger room with two beds, and Victor has a room the same size as his. Thankfully, here’s a full bathroom with a tub/shower combo, and a smaller bathroom with just a shower. As long as all four don’t need in there at once, it’s not too bad. Dean can brush his teeth in the kitchen sink, and his hair just requires a comb and a little gel.
“Yeah, yeah. Whatever.” Dean reaches for the body’s legs. “Help me cram this into the car.”
And there’s the accusation in his voice Castiel was expecting.
Shoulders slumping, Castiel shakes his head, mumbles an apology, and turns to leave. He should have never come in here; It had been a whim merely because of the motivational message on the sign.
After Dean’s death, Sam does what he does best. Avoids his emotions by diving into his work. Thank goodness Eileen is an understanding woman, or she would have given up on him a dozen times over by the time they get the bunker set up as a proper hunter’s headquarters. Interestingly enough, Claire comes in to help, although Jody convinces her to stay in school; so until she graduates from college, it’s only from a distance except on school breaks. She says she owes it to both Dean and Cas.
He’s pouring the noodles into a colander when his phone beeps, telling him there’s a new message. There’s a picture of a burger, a bite taken out of it, sitting on its wrapper. A container of fries and the bottom of a drink cup are off to the side.
“Nah,” Dean rolls one shoulder in a half shrug. “Mail room’s boring, anyway.”
Glancing at the clock, Dean sees it’s a couple minutes after five. Holy crap, where did the time go? He glances to see Castiel blinking at Meg in surprise as well.
Cas looks away again. “He said it was possible, but he needed me here. And… I,” He swallows. “I didn’t think I wanted to hear your answer if I returned. I thought… you didn’t…”
Once having relieved himself and washed his face, Castiel feels less like something not quite alive. Exiting the bathroom, he finds Dean at the table, sliding a coffee cup toward the other seat, where a wrapped sandwich is waiting. “The diner up the street has these kick-ass grilled sourdough sandwiches.” Dean starts unwrapping a second one. “Egg, sausage, cheese,
“It’s complicated.”
“Cas?” Sam rocks stiffly out of his chair and comes to the door to wrap his arms around Castiel, who still has yet to move from the doorway. Leaning heavily against him, Sam says with a tired voice, “I’m glad you’re here, man.”
Torn, Castiel procrastinates until after closing, and calls while he’s cleaning the espresso machine. Dean answers fairly quickly, and Castiel immediately starts talking about the case. But Dean seems… unfocused. He asks how Castiel is doing. Thankfully, his hands are occupied with the machine, so he says he’s busy. But then Dean wants to know how he wants to meet.
As Dean hands over the morning's stack of mail, their fingers brush, and Castiel feels the slight zap of static as they do. Dean's shoes must have rubber soles. This is why quality office shoes are leather. Dean blushes further and after a glimpse of those wonderful green eyes, he looks down, mumbling an apology as he shuffles back behind the cart.
Castiel frowns at the wrinkled shirt and knit tie. Where does one even find a knit tie these days? Gaze drifting lower, he takes in the faded denim he dare wear on his first day. It’s bold, but Castiel doubts that with that kind of attitude, Mr…
Castiel swipes a hand through his hair. “Yeah, the wig still needs cleaning, so…”
His first day wearing the wig is a challenge. It sits tightly on his head, but he’s not allowed to move it around. Even when his head starts to itch. The fringe keeps hanging in his eyes, and he fights with it. But he has a brand new tag with his new name pinned to his apron, and the disguise does give him a feeling of security he didn’t have yesterday afternoon. Maybe he won’t need to run away. Stability is something Castiel desperately needs in his life, and with Jolene’s support, maybe that could be possible here.
“I’m not asking for more sex, I don’t have that kind of stamina anymore.” He can do this, just ask. “I was thinking we could, you know, just be… close for a while?”
Once the room has quieted down to nervous scuffling and slurps of coffee, Castiel clears his throat again. “I want to thank all of you for your hard work this past month. When you return on Tuesday, you shall all receive new assignments, to help you better explore your opportunities.”
“Thank you, Dean,” Castiel says with a smile.
Castiel feels warm and happy, and he has to keep reminding himself he shouldn’t lean closer to Dean. During a commercial break, Dean splashes another measure of whiskey to his glass, and waves his hand for Castiel’s
ordering a salad. It’s bad enough Sammy does it.” He scowls at the menu. “Ah, I know.” He waves down the bartender and gets a combo platter and an order of cheese curds. Almost everything is fried. Before Castiel can protest, Dean counters, “The pickles are a green vegetable, plus there’s salsa and stuff with the taquitos. Chill, dude.”
Then he went back for Dean, an old blanket in hand to wrap his body in. His body was stiff, but Sam managed to make him not look like a corpse before fishtailing it back onto the highway toward civilization. He dropped the kids off at the edge of a police station parking lot, then beelined for the nearest hospital. Just before he headed inside, he pulled the spell bag from Dean’s mouth, hoping that it would be enough to revive him enough but not kill him in the process. Thankfully, it was apparently a quiet night, so emergency staff swarmed them, got Dean on a stretcher, and wheeled him past automatic double doors.
Even with the search narrowed down to recognizable brands, he's bewildered at the different styles, cuts, and colors available. He narrows the search further, eliminating all the pants that seem to be intentionally torn. Why would someone want to wear damaged garments? After sorting through a few different styles he finds acceptable, Castiel checks the sizing and selects two different pairs of jeans, one in a dark blue, and another in medium grey. Clicking
His wig still needs to be cleaned and combed out, so Castiel pulls on a cap and quickly dashes from the back hallway to the kitchen. As soon as he feels more presentable, he steps out into the kitchen to see Jolene pulling croissants out of an oven. Before he can say anything, she’s greeting him with one on a small plate, and disappears out the kitchen door to return moments later with a cup of regular coffee.
“Dean was in hell too, remember?”
Sam takes a deep breath and lets it out. With a nod to Cas, they head back to Dr. Cameron’s office to discuss where they go from here.
Unable to move, Castiel sits in horror as Sam recounts what little he can remember about the encounter and Dean’s resulting injuries. When Sam finally falls silent, Castiel stares blankly at the wall, unable to react. “Cas? You still there?”
Eyes flashing blue, Sam stands upright, panicked. That’s… not Sam. Automatically slipping into a fighting stance, Castiel demands, “Who are you, and what have you done to Sam?”
He finally finds his voice. “No.”
“That word actually gets brought up more frequently if we get fined again because she left her armband off,” Cas grumbles.
“I’ll be careful.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Accepting the drink with a smile and thanks, Castiel takes a sip. The flavor is strong, and he can taste the steamed milk, as well as the flavored syrup. It’s very good. Looking at the menu again, Castiel selects a biscotti to purchase, one of the cheapest things they offer. This, in turn, makes Bernie smile before going back to cleaning the machine.
He steps back and Dean is watching him, as if searching for the meaning to something on his face. Dean makes a small pouty expression, and Castiel notices the subconscious tic when he’s trying to figure something out. After a slow blink, Dean leans against the doorframe, dismissing him for the night. But Castiel is reluctant to part just yet, and turns to go back down the hall but pauses.
Their first kiss was after a movie night with shared popcorn, a beer (screw you, Sam. Beer’s like water to my liver, I can handle
They share a pregnant moment that stretches out, Dean facing him, Castiel trying to make out the expression on his shadowed face. He wishes he knew what to do, having no reference for how to deal with this.
Sighing, Dean sits down and extends a hand. When Cas takes it, Dean pulls him closer. “Look, I meant it when I said this isn’t about sex. I… Can we just…” Why is this so hard to ask for? Heart in his throat, he tries again. “I’d like to wake up next to you in the morning.” Taking a deep breath, he closes his eyes and waits for Cas to answer. It doesn’t take long.
“How bad?” Sam seemed fine when they last met. “You said Ezekiel helped heal him.”
Dean blinks up at him in surprise. “You’re not gonna help me?”
“Do you… think we should?” Sam draws a finger along the MW they carved after their mom died.
the burger, Cas.” He points to the menu. “This one here, it has avocado. Not my thing, but…” Pursing his lips, his eyes roam the menu and he points at something else. “This one has fried egg. Don’t think I want that either…” Dean’s voice trails off, absorbed by his choices once again.
During one of Rob's terrible relationship clips, Cas reaches out to hold Dean's hand. "You aren't this character, Dean."
He straightens his spine, and places Dean’s coffee on the counter, slipping back into his Misha persona with a smile. “I’m a barista now.”
Dean pulls away and bites his lip. “I think you need to sober up a bit. The lake’s just a block away, right?”
.” He’s acting sheepish. Dean.
“You’re injured?” Cas put his hands on Dean’s shoulders, looking him over.
“But he will die if I am expelled!”
Once back at Jody’s, Castiel helps make sandwiches for lunch. Jody has to go back to work, so she takes hers to go, gives Dean his with some instructions, before rushing out the door. Castiel’s still not quite ready to face Dean yet, so he lingers over the making of his own sandwich, carefully placing meat slices so there is an even meat to cheese and bread ratio with every bite.
“Huh.” Dean doesn’t know how to respond to that, but it does raise another question. “So you’re still an angel?”
While Castiel borrows a razor and some shaving cream to remove his scruff, Dean finishes drying off in the shower stall. He watches Castiel wipe away the last of the cream from his freshly shaved face and says,  “A smile looks good on you.”
Castiel feels like the pounding of his heart should be audible by now. “
“How about you come by the motel?”
Thanks to Liv, Ayaa, Jus, and the others in Thirst channel on the Discord server who accidentally prompted, then encouraged the seed framing of this scene. Darence fandom, I'm getting there!
“You’re
“While our friendship has lasted much longer than the one shown on screen and uh… sex, hasn’t been in the cards…” Is Cas blushing right now? “I admit to having felt attraction to you for some time.” He looks away, and yep, definitely blushing. “One could say we have ‘broken up’,” There’s the finger quotes. “Many times in our history, yet we always seem to have found each other again, as companions.”
Sam glances up at Castiel. “You wanna say hi?”
That doesn’t sound ominous or anything. “Sam, I’m sorry for the shirt, I’ll buy you a new one okay?”
Ah, Jolene is a woman’s name, Castiel is fairly sure. With her husky, contralto voice, she grills Castiel about his qualifications. He admits to not having any experience, but is willing to learn, and has been studying how to actually make a proper shot. With a frown, Jolene turns to look at the clock on the wall, and tells Castiel to come back after five when they close for the day. Profusely thanking her, Castiel shakes her hand, and promises to return at five o’clock exactly.
They’re both needed for the spell, one to go in and one to make sure they’re out and the entry gets closed. By the time Dean collapses on the floor with Cas a nearly dead weight on top of him, Dean’s reopened his puncture wound, his lung collapsing. Thankfully, Cas wakes up, realizes what’s happening, and uses the last of his grace to at least keep Dean from dying again, then promptly passes out on the floor as well.
Cas gives him a look that means he knows Dean is full of shit. "Maybe not out loud, but I like to think I've picked up on some of your expressions and body language over the years. You've been practically radiating guilt and self-loathing."
She looks down her nose at Dean, and doesn’t offer her hand. “Mmm-hmm. Misha,” She locks eyes with Castiel. “Isaac’s going to watch the front when you get off break, so you can help with the prep. See you in five?”
Frowning, Dean takes the menu from him. “You are
But Sam would do it again. They didn’t defeat GOD just to have his life be cut short like that.
“Yeah. Um, that’s a nice shirt.”
“Hmm?” Castiel hands her a latte.
Over time, they share small moments like this, short messages, and daily calls. It’s not as much as either of them would like, but they get by. If Castiel is feeling insecure, Dean is but the touch of a button away.
Too tired to argue, Castiel nods and follows Dean to the back door. He makes sure to set the alarm, just in case. Inside the Impala, his lassitude fades a little, the leather seat and scent of the interior familiar. It’s while they're inside the drugstore, Dean fitting the brace right in the aisle, that Castiel realizes he never put his wig back on, but it will need cleaning since it’s now tangled and streaked with flour.
"And you as well, Dean," Castiel says, with a small curl of his lips.
“Exactly.”
In what must be a stroke of brilliance, Cas reaches back and between them, cupping Dean's erection, and that's it, he's biting into that meaty shoulder, grunting out his own release. Dazed and panting, they cling to each other, shaky legs and the table their only support.
“Bunker infirmary. You passed out on us after we got you out of the empty.”
While the experience of Hell has been tempered for Sam since… well, since a lot of things happened, including Cas taking on his madness himself, he does still remember what happened to him in the cage. But Dean… They’d made Dean
They spend the rest of what’s left of the morning buying groceries and picking up a few toiletries. Dean insists on buying Castiel a
“Dude,” Dean blinks at him. “I’ll be back in town long before dark. Count me in!”
She rolls her eyes. “Yeah, yeah. I know. Appropriate language. You realize, he’s only an intern here for a couple months, and then you can have your way with him, right?”
“I don’t regret last night. If that’s all that ever happens, because if you do regret it, that’s fine. I will never speak of it again, if that’s what you wish.”
Dean’s expression changes to something reminiscent of last night, and he takes the opportunity to look at Castiel’s body as well. “C’mere, you’re gonna get cold hiding in the corner.” He reaches out a hand.
“I’m your angel, Dean.” Dean’s so full of happiness, he gives Cas another, deeper kiss.
Shit, he isn't either, after that emotional rollercoaster. "Yeah, I think we're good for tonight."
She nods and beckons Cas into the room, who seems extra awkward about being in the same room as Dean now that he’s awake, and he keeps his distance at the end of the bed. After a nurse comes in to check on Dean’s vitals, Sam asks Jody about the leads for the other hunter’s case he’d needed help with. She hasn’t found much yet, so he’ll have to let the other hunter know. Before they can discuss much else, Dean’s doctor comes in and shoos them all out of the room.
“So,” Dean says, turning in his seat to face Cas. “The news is interesting this morning.”
After the revolution, much remains in flux. Humans still riot in protest of androids, and violence against them is still very much an imminent threat. Canada, in response to the uprising, has allowed androids to enter as refugees with special status. That makes it easier on the Winchesters, at least, with Emma returning to the farm on Monday the 15th. There’s still much work to do, so they remain in place, helping androids cross the border safely, and offering minor repairs if they’ve been abused.
Castiel ponders things for some time until a nurse comes to check up on Dean. They’ve spoken before, and she knows Jody well enough to offer Cas a ride home. He’d listened to her story before, and she was around for the dead rising in 2010 as well as what she’d called the “body snatcher incident” of 2011. He asked her once why she’d stayed in Sioux Falls, and she had said that a town like this still needs nurses. Castiel admires her ability to persevere.
“But Dean,”
Having glimpsed Dean and Sam’s heavens, Castiel knew that was once Sam’s greatest desire, to live a life outside of hunting. He wonders if that would be enough for the man now. Plus, there is other unfinished business. “There’s also the issues of the angels that will need to be dealt with, and I may need to handle that as well.”
“So, Cas, what’s there to do around here?”
Later, clean and dressed, he finds Sam sitting at the table with their names carved into the top. “I’ve been thinking,” says Sam.
Castiel looks up from the menu, the prices more than he’s used to. “I’m not sure. Maybe a salad?”
Once in Akron, they stop at the pie fest so Dean can load up on his favorite treat. Dean’s step lightens, and Sam relaxes onto a bench, surveying the people around him. He knows Dean’s putting on a face, trying to convince Sam to not worry about him so much. But after practically being raised by his brother and fifteen years hunting together, you learn each other’s tells.
Frowning, Dean glances back down at the table. “Don’t you have someone who understands this, though?”
Eyes squinted in distrust, Castiel asks, “Then why didn’t you do it before now?”
“You do Jack’s. I need a drink.”
There’s a brief exchange between the customer and Bernie before the cup is set aside and the process begins anew. When the customer leaves, satisfied with his new drink, Bernie turns to Castiel again.
After fussing about Dean some more, Jody says her goodbyes, leaving the three men alone with each other and their thoughts. The silence is interrupted when Dean asks for some water. Cas is the one with the cup and straw this time, who then suggests Sam go get some rest. This results in Dean giving Sam a critical look, and agreeing with Cas. How can he argue against that? It’s not like Dean actually needs him here, since he can’t remember his own brother who he tricked into…
Castiel takes two, swallows them down with coffee, and starts on his sandwich. Dean’s right, the sandwich
He grabs Cas with his clean hand and pulls him toward their rooms. He has a sink in his room, maybe he can convince Cas to wear something of his. Sam and Eileen are standing by the map table, Sam wearing a scowl and Eileen pressing hands to her red cheeks. He’ll make it up to her later. As for Sam, Dean pats his arm with his sticky hand as he passes.
It’s strange. When he was an angel, silence was never a bother, and Castiel could easily go for days without speaking. Even when he was with the Winchesters, he was quite content to let their conversations flow around him, and not feel the need to contribute. But now, while he does enjoy moments of quiet, the silence between them feels… heavy. Dean sits across from him, fiddling with one of those folded paper advertisements for desserts. What can they talk about?
“Then you must realize what an opportunity this is,” Sam says with desperation. “Dean doesn’t remember Hell, or our messed up childhoods, or heck, even the past few years with the apocalypse hanging over our heads.” Taking a deep breath, Sam leans back against the table. “Don’t you see this as a chance for Dean to finally be happy?”
He’s fading, the end is soon now. His son leans against the edge of the bed, holding his hand, all grown up. You’d be proud, Sam thinks as he closes his eyes for the last time, content.
“Yeah, didn’t they move to New Mexico?”
Cas stays quiet during most of the movie, eats his burger, drinks a beer. Dean has no idea if he even likes it. As the credits roll, Dean pushes a button to take them to the main screen. He shouldn’t have started with a teen romance. This is what he gets for making Cas pick.
At that, Cas blinks up at him in surprise. “Really?”
“Angels? Why didn’t you call me then?”
Meg's voice catches his attention, "Hate to see him leave, but love to watch him go."
Dean’s out helping load a truck for their next shipment to Canada, when Emma’s back straightens, a frightened look in her eyes as her LED circles yellow.
“It’s either that, or risk having everything get cold before I manage to get him to the table.”
Immediately concerned, Castiel asks, “Is there anything I can do to help?”
Jack gives him a smile. “I’ll make sure he’s safe, Dean. But I can’t guarantee that will be... here.”
He’s half surprised when Cas actually rejoins him back in bed, and they spend a little time just being close, not really talking about much of anything. They’re interrupted by the sound of a jingling dog collar, with pawing and snuffling at their door.
“Well, you’re a hunter in training.”
?” He makes a small waving gesture with one hand to indicate the cafe.
not going there. He’s not going to think about how much he wanted to drag Cas back to Kansas, or stay another day or two in a hotel, just hang around and visit, make sure Cas was sleeping right.
It doesn't make watching the rest of the movie any easier, and he still has secondhand embarrassment as he can't help but make comparisons to his own screw ups. When they get to the scene where Rob makes a compilation tape, Cas squeezes his hand. Shit, he forgot about this part. He refuses to turn his eyes away from the screen through the terrible proposal. Cas starts stroking his knuckles with his thumb, and Dean realizes he's been clenching again, so releases the remote and turns his hand, threading their fingers together. As Jack Black begins to sing, Dean takes the opportunity to glance at Cas, who's smiling. Okay. Yeah. That's good.
Ephraim squeezes and twists, sending a new flash of pain through the hand and wrist, causing Castiel to gasp breathlessly. “I can take all this pain away.”
“So how do I get in for the party on Monday?” Dean asks.
They leave Hurleyville on their way back to the Bunker. Dean has been thinking of it as “home” for a while, and he likes that thought, of going home. But it’s been a long past few days, and they’re not as young as they used to be, so they stop just outside a town called Wooster for the night, and get the usual, crappy motel. While settling between rough, stale sheets, Dean thinks about his memory foam mattress and soft sheets that smell like his new favorite fabric softener.
He’s halfway to drifting back asleep when he hears a key in the lock. It’s too early to get kicked out by management, isn’t it? The door opens and closes, the crinkle of a bag as it’s placed on the table. There’s the sound of someone drinking coffee. He knows that sound well.
Hands sweating, Castiel steps out the door and walks to where Dean had parked yesterday. He’s nervous, because he doesn’t understand why Dean might have stayed. Was there a problem with disposing the body? Was there another incident? Standing at the back of the building, he nervously wipes his hands on his jeans.
did Dean actually have to come here of all places? The cafe isn’t near the incident. Castiel hadn’t told him anything about where to find him, or that he desired being found. Glancing up, he catches Dean’s profile as he looks out the window, coffee mid-sip. A pain in his chest surfaces, one he thought had been abandoned with his acceptance of being alone.
The bar is long and narrow, with square tables up front, small round tables along one side, the bar to the other side in the back. They choose the far end of the bar, in a corner. Dean orders a local beer on tap, and Castiel follow his example. Before looking at the menu, Dean sends Sam the picture of the moose head. “Dude, I don’t know what to order, what about you?”
“Yeah, that’s the movie, but how is it a metaphor, Cas?” Dean is so confused right now, and Cas actually analyzing the movie is throwing him sideways.
Castiel mostly watches Dean’s face as they head for the intersection of Fourth and Sherman, and notices the moment that recognition hits. His eyes grow wide, mouth dropping open for a moment before he smiles. “Dude.” He turns to Castiel. “Really?”
“I’m afraid I sprained my wrist today, I’m not sure how it will affect my performance tomorrow.”
“Ah, Dean, I could use a hand with—” He looks up to see someone not Dean standing at the entrance. In spite of no longer having any angel powers, he recognizes who is behind the stranger’s face. “Ephraim?”
That hits its mark, the good mood fading. “Things were different then, I was different.”
Having long learned to read Dean’s mind about such matters, Cas asked, “Are you sure you don’t want to go alone?”
“I mean, it didn’t take long with Anna, although she wasn’t really an angel at the time, I suppose.” Castiel tilts his head and squints. “But you did object to the whole vessel thing. Hmm…” Memories carry him back to that first year with the Winchesters. “Although the vessel was empty after Raphael exploded me. And Michael.” He sighs. “And the leviathan. Have I died as many times as you or Sam yet?” There was one more time… Oh yes. Pulling up his t-shirt, he stares at where there had been an angel blade sticking out of him, not a scar to show for it. “And we can’t forget April.” He wishes he could. She hurt him in more ways than one.
Wakefulness comes slow the next morning. There’s a persistent throbbing in his head, and he’s facing a thin shard of light that makes him want to keep his eyes closed. Rolling over, Castiel realizes that he is not in the narrow bed back in the cafe. No, this one smells like Dean. He remembers watching movies, drinking, and what happened after. Still naked he realizes, his hand trails across his abdomen, but the evidence of last night has been wiped away, his boxers back in place.
