Their tongues are playing with each other. Dean feels hot, strips Cas off his shirt, gets rid of his own.
Cas tells him how he slowly recognized how much he felt for Dean. Especially when Dean told him that he is family or his best friend, he started to feel disappointed contrary to what he thought he should feel.
Dean could have known, but he didn't pay much attention. Every sting and this strange weight on his chest were to him just signs of „getting old“. But the doctor tells him his heart and the results from all tests look more like that from a way older man. When he asks him, if he had a lot of stress and asks what his profession is, if he was doing hard labor or was under lot  of pressure for a longer time, it's sounds like a cosmic joke to Dean.
Sam observes him, noticing how relaxed he appears to be compared to the last months. He seems to be a bit of his old self, joking, easy-going, but more collected. All the anger left? Maybe he finally left the hamster wheel he built on his own. Sam follows his brothers gaze over the fire to Cas, who is still drawn in a discussion with Donna and she makes him taste a marshmallow. He frowns and mouths something that looks like „molecules“ to Sam. Seemingly Donna has the time of her life, her cheeks are glowing, she has to laugh so hard. Sam just smirks, thinking about apocalypses, disputes, losses, a thirteen day long shift full of tense and tiring staring at the laptop screen to check the surveillance footage. Everythings more in order now than it has ever been. Surprisingly. That's when Dean says „
The new normal stays after they arrived at the bunker, put the groceries at their designated place and Dean invades Cas room, looks what he assembled.
„Not if it's done with love, I guess.“ Cas comes closer, kisses him and whispers in his ears to close his eyes.
Dean looks at him. „Yeah, well … in a minute.“ And then exhales „My god. That was good. Yesterday. Today. I don't know how long we are here.“
„Nah.“ Sam shakes his head. „Sorry, but I think you underestimate him there. He learned a lot. That guy was essentially our conscience. And when we gave up, he still had hope. And belief. Remember Jack.“
„These feelings. It's strange to see it on display, when I'm just allowing myself to experience it. Maybe I want it just for myself. Maybe I want you for myself. But they are all very lovely.“ Dean rests his head next to Cas, looking absorbed in thoughts.
Dean closes his eyes, whispers „Please, I swear I'm not afraid of being whatever. Of relabeling. Gay, bi, whatever. I'm not afraid of letting him near me, ok? I'm … it doesn't matter to me anymore. Everything. I just want him back. Just one more chance. Please, dammit.“
To which Deans grins, takes another sip from his coffee and offers Cas the thermos who shakes his head.
Cas gives him a soft smile and waves with the book. It's like something melts in Dean when he smiles like that.
„I hope you vomit over yourself and all your room this night and that you are so disgusted of yourself tomorrow, that this finally ends, you asshat.“
Before leaving through the door, he looks at a blushing Cas and smiles, while Sam rants „Get over it.“ He signals Cas to follow him. Jody and Eileen volunteered to prepare some snacks for later – not without complaining that its the women again, who need to care about food.
„Oh“ Dean thinks and says „Buuut you did just minutes ago.“ Raises his eyebrows, smiles nervously, knowing exactly what Cas wants to say, but had no idea that this would be what Cas wants. On the other hand why wouldn't he?
Cas doesn't seem to mind, he was alone with his insecurity. Then he noticed a teller, who curiously looks at them, when they casually stand close next to each other watching the photos Sam and Eileen sent on Deans phone. Suddenly something in him shifts. Maybe they don't need to put it on display. Maybe they just were.
He inhales and then gives Sam some impressions, which are eerily graphic compared to what Dean told him earlier. The pure emptiness seems so hopeless and cold to him, he cannot fathom how it feels to be left alone in utter nothingness. What he suffered and lived through in the cage may seem similar and Sam relates to what Cas suffered more than ever. Sam rephrases and asks him how it feels to be back and as Cas shares all his thoughts and doubts if this can be real. Silently Sam eyes him, noticing they never talked this openly and shared so much. Been here, done that, their thoughts are alike, they lived through similar events. „And here we are“ thinks Sam. We had to catch up with some stuff, too.
„Yeah, whatever.“ And the stranger fumbles some crumpled dollar bills out of their pockets to pay and attempts to leave. The helpless and rushed gesture on shaky knees remembers Cas of his first steps as a human, when he nearly completely drained all his mojo before he really became human and the sheer memory stings. He feels empathy, where there was shock before. Dean too feels eerily remembered that time, when he left Cas alone while he was human.
They awkwardly sit next to each other, silently. Cars are driving by. Giving each other a small glance and then looking right away. „But what I did then … it wasn't bad, or was it?“
Baby should be ok for now, he lowers the car jack and gets up. Angrily he washes his hands to get rid of the oil till he sees his skin again, red and irritated from scrubbing. Then he turns and Cas just stands right behind him.
„Shit“ he says and drops a wrench. „How much time passed anyway?“ He looks at the clock, Cas is gone for 3 hours now.
It overwhelms him, that it is really happening. How careful Dean touches him, how slowly they discover each others body.
„But what about now? How are you now?“ Sam throws some dead wood over to Cas, who carries it without complaining. „Are you happy?“
„Dean, I would like not to have sexual intercourse in public. Sexual intercourse is something very intimate and private to me.“
Dean couldn't distinguish where he ends, where Cas begins. His crotch, his stomach is prickling, it is tight and hot, and it drives him mad. The anxiety to fuck up, that increased just moments ago so fast is now arousel that feels like it's going to take over his body.
„We can talk. We can go slow. And as I said, nothing has to happen.“ How could he be so stoical? Dean is dying inside because of anticipation. „But … that ceiling is boring. And the corridor not so comfortable. I really would like to stare at the ceiling with you in my room. Our room. And I promise … it's not a move on you.“
„I know! It's too late. God damn it. Don't you think I know now? I tried to tell myself, that he was at peace. That thing took him how they agreed on. When he was happy. I tried to tell myself that he is okay with it. But he's dead. I lost him. And I fucking cannot stop thinking about him.“ And his angry voice breaks and he throws the laptop from the table. A metallic crash, Miracle runs away whimpering.
„Try me.“ Sams expression is like stone. He is angry. So angry he hears his blood rushing through his veins. But anger is usually Deans thing. He doesn't like it like this. He doesn't like Dean like this. He should be happy. And he doesn't like himself like this. It should be easier. After all they went through, he was hoping Dean would come to him on his own. They are over thirty and forty years old, they should be able to manage.
The spell is broken again. They share longing, long kisses and after a minute, moan whithout shame, pressing their foreheads together, their hot breaths are caressing their faces. Their movements intensify. Cas isn't just repeating Deans actions anymore, he's getting playful, gripping tighter, getting faster, exactly as if he could feel what drives Dean. Maybe he can? Dean nearly cannot think anymore.
It's nearly an epic joke, that they didn't get here sooner. All that time. The expectations and secret desires made the last twelve years feel so much longer than the hundreds of years he called his existence before.
With much ado Sam could persuade Dean to wait another day and think this through.  They discussed, that it's likely that the Nothingness is something different, because they knew, that it only goes after angels and demons, not humans. What does it want with grieving, sick or guilt-driven humans? Dean said it doesn't mattered to him, it's the best lead, he has a good feeling about that and so on. He seemed to be hyped and immediately remembered Billie threatening them to throw them in the Empty. „So humans can be there. They don't get there easily.“ For Sam it all sounded wrong.
Like an answer he hears Dean mumble his name in his sleep as he turns over to him and lays an arm around Cas. Suddenly their faces are close to each other, nearly nose to nose. He studys Deans face. The twitching eyes, eyelashes, freckles, the stubble around his mouth. Years of frowning and too much trouble left wrinkles on his forehead. Wrinkles, that weren't there when he raised him from hell and reframed his broken shell. He's getting older. While I always felt young and unknowing next to him, thinks Cas. He presses a kiss on his cheek careful enough, so that Dean wouldn't wake up.
household. Well … it's not like you need to eat or sleep. I'm just making you eat … . Seriously try it if you want to. Just don't … loose any fingers. If they will grow back, it will be hard to explain.“
Seriously I hope you liked it. Feel free to leave comments and/or kudos if so. I'd love to talk to you in the comments.
„No, that's not what I mean. But I'm really glad you did. What I meant was … you are okay with Dean and me being … I don't know what to call it.“
„Well … I was there when you said you wanted to make Cas suffer. Before the two of you made the deal. You know I could look into the Empty, even if I couldn't directly enter. And you didn't make him suffer. You just let him run in his dreams on his own with whatever memories. Good and bad. Maybe because you were content that he is finally sleeping? Or … relatively happy and came to terms with himself? I don't know what exactly you wanted. But it made me think. Also what Dean said. He struck a nerve, didn't he? So … whatever. Make your choice.“
Dean gazes at him, kisses him and whispers „Angel of thursday, hm? Been to hell and purgatory and the empty and back“ in between while putting small kisses from Cas' throat to his chest to distract him from his own nervousness, comfort him.
Absorbed in his thoughts he sat at the desk in the library and his fingertips wandered over their initials and his name on the table. His doubts and regret were gone. And when he thought of their nearly full day in bed he cannot stop smiling.
And the pass is just to good and Sam laughs and says „Oh I believe Dean gets some ideas what the two of you could do with your time“ and he immediately hates himself for saying that. Just a part of him always thought that Dean and Cas figuring out sex with each other would have some delicate comic relief. Again silence walks next to him. Cas face is of a nice blush, he just shortly looks to Sam and immediately away.
Cas nods, reality hits. „But“, says Cas, „can't you sell some of the less dangerous artifacts from the bunker?“
„You'll figure out. Just don't think to much.“ And he pats Cas back and suggests going back to the bunker.
Truth is he never really considered that Cas could be doing him, but now that there here, he cannot refuse him. It even arouses him after the first minutes passed in which Cas slipped one, then a second finger in him. Dean tries to playfully hide his own embarrassement with remarks like „that wasn't in that porn as far as I remember“, but looking over his shoulder sees Cas face with a look of adoration and lust.
„Yeah or … you could put it in my room first. I mean our room. I mean … if you want to. It can be, you know.“ And he immediately hates himself for hurrying again. Did he just ask him to move in with him? But he was staying at the bunker for ages, so … . But he never had a room! Deans cheeks feel uncomfrtably warm again and the two of them just stare at each other. Cas has no idea what to say until Donna passes them with a set of glasses, plates and cuttlery in a basket.
„Yeah, I know.“ He sits on the other side of the table, facing Dean, who gives him an annoyed look with red marbled eyes, mumbling an exhausted „Good morning.“
One day in the grocery store Cas noticed being viewed. A sensory stimulus that humans and angels shared, when something in their circumference is acting strange, unexpected or remarkable. An instinct older than the world. A woman watched him. Dark skin, reddish hair, dark freckles, friendly eyes. He saw through her vessel and recognized her as an angel, but not one he was familar with. He was able to read her name through her vessel, but that didn't told him nothing. He looked at her and she seemed to be similar stunned to see him. Like a rare animal, last of their kind they were staring at each other. But they weren't the last of their kind anymore, weren't they? Angel radio was more populated with all kinds of voices. A slight smile, he reciprocated. Then she turned and went away. Cas stood there for some more minutes, still smiling. He felt less extinct now.
Cas touches Deans bizeps, grips him comfortably tight. Compared to their first kisses in the impala, it seemed like the both of them were playing the same tune now, share the same rhythm.
Cas chuckles and Dean gets high on seeing him relaxed and happy. Laughing while looking shyly away. "Teenager right before their first time", thinks Dean, how nice, just that I had to wait until I'm over fourty to feel like this again.
„Don't be. Everything will be fine. You cannot do anything wrong.“ he whispers and feels Cas putting his arms around him, warm. He embraces Dean with this custom of his to embrace someone with his whole body, clinging and strong. Cas nuzzles his head in the space between Deans shoulder and head, puts a kiss on the delicate place under Deans ear.
„I intend to come back - and not alone.“ he says more seriously. „But if something goes wrong, you go on. Be there for him. Don't let him make a deal. Make him end the search. Okay?“
„This is cock-blocking, you know!?“ mumbles Dean annoyed, while leaving with Bobby over the staircase to go shopping and picking up Donna.
Shit, he had no idea Cas was so good at non-dirty dirty talking and is pretty sure Cas doesn't know. Dean runs his wet fingertips over Cas body, both are already on edge again. Dean gives him eyes, that seem to say he wants to resume where they stopped of last night.
Kisses, touching, feeling him, feeling to be wanted. Sometimes he freezes, just looking at him, closes his eyes, asks himself if Dean will still be there, when he opens them.
„Huh“, he simply says. „Well … I'm not sure if were stealing from the Men of Letters, but  without monsters!? Maybe you're right. Guess I'll talk to Dean about it. Speaking of  ...“
And Cas does and pushes into him. Slightly faster, deeper, back and forth. Dean feels the physical arousel, the hard, warm organ in him, pumping and pushing, feels Cas hands, firm grip – one on his hip, the other at his hard cock, his thoughts are melting.
Then finally says „There's no need to be.“ This time he makes the first step and slowly and gently presses his lips on Deans. Cas' lips are soft, his beard stubble the complete opposite.
As they arrive laughing in the war room, Cas sighs. Dean stands next to him. „Isn't feeling right anymore, huh?“
„Oh ...“ His chest, throat and face is burning red with embarassment and then with arousal. He closes his eyes and just feels Cas warm flesh, tight around his cock. While Cas starts moving on top of him, Dean looses the ability to think. He just notices scenes, moments, motions. Cas fierce blue eyes on him, their breathing, a „fuck yes, Cas“ escapes his mouth unwillingly. While seeing Cas ride on top of him, his muscles working and moving rhythmically, he imagines him with his wings. Not daring to ask him to show them for real and feels the heat in him rising.
„I don't know, because you are leaving me, like freakin everyone does sooner or later.“ Dean turns his back on him, and immeditaly regrets the soul striptease as well as yelling at Cas. But then suddenly two arms grab him from behind, drawing him close. His hands and his body feel incredibly warm, even hot and he feels Cas nose and breath in his neck. It tickles as Cas says calmly, but low-key angry „I said I'm not going to leave you. I'm free to go and leave heaven whenever I want. Everything is good up there. I'm not on duty anymore. I'm retired. And I thought about spending my retirement with you. And if I want to, I'm going to consult, because they are building things. Big things. Good things. I could consult as much or less as I want. I was thinking of two days a week. Like a part time job. That's it.“
Besides Sam wrote lots of applications as a clerk and others like Dean for jobs on construction sites. If Dean could chose he would have liked to work as car mechanic, but no chance without proper training on job. And no training on job without a school certificate or no money to employ one more person, wherever Dean asked. Some jobs were simply off limits because of their not really clean slate. Sam had some more options, but without explaining he started with Dean at a construction site. The first weeks were rough. Even physical. Both noticed that they may get too old for the job. For Dean it was especially hard to be the new guy and listen to orders from someone else. Sometimes the two of them were on the same shift, sometimes not. If not, they were both not very enthusiastic. But they earned good money.
„A shame.“ says Dean dryly. Cas sight sticks to Deans shorts with a noticeable bulge, he is already hard while Cas was trying to repress himself. But there is a heat in his body, the vessel that became his body. A sensation he never felt this intense and surely wouldn't be able to repress for long anymore. It seems to overflow as he hears the sound of Dean unbuckling his belt, it all getting real, he himself unbuckling, the two of them just in their shorts, Deans erection.
„But it wasn't working. And there are still so many voices here for those who are capable to listen. I notice … it really is … hard. I couldn't sleep here. But well … I don't need to sleep at all.“ And he looks around him. „I'd like to make a deal.“
„What do you think you know?“ Dean says and turns to Sam, who looks at him sad and angry at the same time. With an anger that makes his eyes appear little, harder and colder.
And he suddenly understands better what troubled Cas. Imagining the concernced looking, taciturn, reliable, stiff Cas from before is now surreal. Cas in his trench. Cas in a fight. Cas next to him. Cas that day in the barn. Cas after his adventure as god. Cas who decided to let Lucifer in. Cas who died and came back. Cas who lost his son and tried to talk to Dean. For years and years, knowing what he felt and dealing with it on his own. He looks different. He is still Cas, but without his trench and after being intimate, something changed. It was was still Cas and yet as if there was someone else sitting in front of him. For the first time he really understood
Cas' face brightens a bit. He opens his mouth, closes it, wanting to say something, but seemed to be too overwhelmed to actually do.
Somehow he felt accustomed to hunting. Even to being a leader or as whatever the hunters from apocalypse world saw him. It just seemed to him that everything leads back to the beginning again and again. Running in circles. They should be ready to live a life. He canceled the date with Eileen to be there if Dean needs him. Or simply not to rub his nose on how Sam and Eileen are happily together. What if Dean never recovers from it? Cas was in fact his longest relationship.
Even if Cas was very accustomed to living with humans and appearing human, he was glad that this side of Cas never faded.
„Yeah, I thought, maybe it's all just an illusion. And that … that hit me. And then when you told me and when I realized it was real all the time I … it was too late. You were gone.“
Dean looks at him more seriously now. Silence stretches until Cas says „I had the impression that it was somehow unnatural that I stayed in your room yesterday. The atmosphere seemeed to be a bit tense and I didn't want to push it to much.“ Dean gives him a surprised look.
Whenever he looked at Dean in the past decade since that day he raised him from perdition, a warm feeling and a shiver spread in his chest. It came with an unsettling nervousness, with craving for being acknowledged and noticed and a certain expectation that again and again fell into dark emptiness when they were apart.
„If it's Cas and if it's what I think, it's pathetic if you keep on playing your … thing. Whatever it is that you are doing. It really is.“
„And that means? Did they ... overwrite you or something?“ He still sounds a bit colder than he intended to. Still waiting for the footnote.
First Dean jokes around and asks Cas how it was when he first showered as a human. To which Cas states more dryly he would like to not think about that.
„Seems to me like you rather become an alcoholic until you are ready for the talk. What do you think is more troublesome?“
„Yeah ... You don't seem so shaken by the thought of quitting hunting for good. I thought so yesterday too.
„Would it be okay if we save that for later? Theres is something I would like to … if you too want it … .“
Sam stopped and looked to Cas. „Of course I am. Cas … I'm really happy you are back. And Dean and you, go for it. Be as happy as you can be. You two deserve it. And somehow I think you two can only be happy with each other around. Really.“
Dean finally gets a taste for vacation and says „Let's go for a swim some day. Can you swim?“ to which Cas nods „I believe so … I'm not sure“.
Dean sits down with a respectful space between them. While shyly looking at each other, he asks „How do you feel?“
As Cas is hard too, they turn the water on again and rinse the foam away. Small drops rest on their skin, overall their body, like they are impenetrable for it. Cas fingertips wander over Deans shoulder, through small crystal clear water drops, leaving wet traces. They wander to his throat, which he kisses, then his mouth.
Cas is panicking, grabbing Dean by his shoulders. They're faces are close, Dean looks at him, still happy, teary eyes.
He needs to, he does and does again. Just to be sure. Then he is sure. He even tries to heal him when he sleeps. But it comes back. It's nearly not perceivable, even for him. But it's the start of something. And as he is finally sure, that he cannot fix it, he knows it's also the end of something.
Then it hits them. The pitch in the voice. Not as annoying as in the Empty, but still familar. „I thought you probably know me. Because I don't do.“ And the person laughs nervously. Both Cas and Dean are speechless, just staring.
„Yeah.“ says Dean. Cas comes closer and kisses him. Dean touches him, runs with his fingertips over Cas back and after he left off, he looks at his hand. His fingertips still feel the pressure of Cas against him. „Dammit.“
„I know what you're doing, you asshat. Okay? I know I made mistakes. What do you expect if you take these moments out of context? Huh? HEY!?“
„You are not really devastated by the news.“ Sam sips at his beer while Dean opens one with a characteristic fizzle, which unfortunately indicates he grabbed one of the cheap brands.
Sam didn't get it and was speechless. „Are you serious? That … that would get me through a semester for sure. I cannot take that!“
But if he would have to choose a surname, this would be Winchester, wouldn't it? And what would that mean for him and for Dean?
„I want to be with you. And I am. Except two workdays a week. Explain. Is this what you define as leaving somebody?“
„Oh how nice. You think this is a drive-in or what? Oh you funny apes.“ The shadow starts to laugh like an endboss who still has a card on his sleeve. „Okay“, it says, „here you got him. Let's see what you do now.“
It wasn't lasting very long. That's what Dean thought as he poured the rest of the cheap bourbon in his glass.
„I … am, I am going to change.“ Gesturing at the dirty trench. „Guess I put it in the washing machine directly.“
As they sat there and were joking, their hearts were overflowing. With the feeling to be finally home. To have made it. They sat in the kitchen, retelling storys from the past with their point of view, throwing some soft gazes at each other, observing the other mans reaction.
They decided to make it happen in the room where Cas disappeared, because they already had surveillance there and would turn it on to see what's happening. Sam engaged several other hunters to have a look at it in shifts and to have backup if something extraordinary happens. Jody and Bobby were already on their way, Donna was on call. Of course Sam and Eileen took the first shift. Naturally they had no idea if anything would happen at all. Probably Dean came back after 5 minutes, probably not at all. Probably he would land where he disappeared, probably in the library, probably in Washington or Timbuktu. The uncertainty was eating Sam up.
As he raises his head, he looks again at a version of himself, the Shadow. This time it's serious. No smirking, no shrugging. It just whispers „Say your goodbyes now, boy.“
Whatever Cas now regretted or what troubled his mind, sharing it seemed to made it easier. And to Dean it felt again and again as if a fucking wonder is sitting on his porch. One that from time to time was more or less comfortable with being or appearing human.
„Yeah, apart from that no idea. Maybe getting a job on a construction site. Have not much of a degree, dropped out of highschool. Do you want the waffles?“ After Cas shaked his head, Dean pulls the plate in front him and dips the fork disencouraged in them. He didn't want to think about that now and his mood darkens.
„Maybe“, Cas thinks, but doesn't say it out loud. He is not scared, he is just about to  experience in reality, what appeared as fiction only until now. And he hopes he can keep up with his own fictious self.
„Aw … . You're cute you know that?“ says Dean and Cas instantly blushes. „Wait here. Don't move. And try to ... stop … thinking.“
Cas nods and collects some wood, lost in thoughts as Sam turns towards him and says „Don't tell him anything I said, ok?“
But to Dean nothing is cute right now. „Look, just wait. It seemed like you're on the same page. If so, he knows what he's doing. Are you two on the same page?“
He watches him mesmerized and feels Deans sweaty hand as he fumbles a second ring from his pocket, Cas takes it and puts it vice versa on Deans ring finger while they look at each other.
It takes some time till they can talk as if nothing happened. After they decided for a movie, they stood bored between other couples, that are arguing which film to watch, getting popcorn, standing in line, again with other couples. Dean looks around them and then to Cas.
Sam has the time of his life and laughs tears looking at Cas worried expression and tries not to imagine how „the talk“ or „first step“ between these two idiots would look like and swallows a comment about „so sudden“ is not exactly what over ten years really are.
As Dean still didn't face Cas, when they were sitting in the Impala and driving out of the garage, Cas asks „What's wrong, Dean?“
As its getting dark, they find themselves around the bonfire, fooling around, happy, eating, laughing. Donnas reaction to Cas was memorable. She was in complete awe, talking kind nonsense, asking him confusing questions and gave him another wholesome hug afterwards, which Castiel considered overwhelming, but very amiable. Jody and Cas talked about Claire and exchanged some news, mainly about Kaia and her and how's it going in general. Bobby and Dean were eagerly eating some of  Eileens burgers, while she signs „It's all vegetarian“ and Sam grins, sharing conspiring glances with her. Now Jody and Donna are roasting some marshmallows, already wrapped in a woolly blanket, while everyone except Dean and Cas started to pour themselves some drinks. Dean seems to be pleased with some unhealthy looking lemonade, which seems odd to Cas or at least unusual.
Cas rarely saw him like this in the last decade. But a lot the last days. Cas nods to which Dean reassures „Wanna stop?“
They decided for Deans room and watching a bit Netflix to get rid of the rising tension. That they would probably make out, even have sex or that simply something would happen, stood like an elephant in the room. The comedic interlude of Cas' consequent questions about the show loosened the atmosphere in the probably best way.
„Cas, thing is, you're not on a milk run, you're going home.“ Dean looks at him intensily and Cas falters.
With a sigh he notices that his bag didn't travel with him and mourns the food and water in it as well as the backup gun. He takes his mobile phone from his pocket and turns the flashlight mode on. There isn't even a cone of light. A bitter scent spreads in his mouth as he asks himself how he is going to find Cas, not to mention an exit after he found him. Sam knew. If he would have been honest with himself, he knew it too. This was doomed to fail. He frowns, looks around him, mumbles „Damn, Cas.“ and just heads in a randomly chosen direction.
This time he slept hours and woke up because of cramps in his calf. He stretches, looks at Cas, who slowly opens his eyes like he was miles away. Deans stomach rumbles and he is incredibly thirsty.
At least at weekends he fully relaxed. From time to time he went alone, with Cas or with Sam and exercised a bit in shooting. They had date nights, they even went on vacation. They had their swim. They had christmas. And after a while the job became a necessary labor he didn't complain about much. But whenever they talked about good old times, he had a strange look on his face, that expressed „good old times“ and a notion of „freedom“.
He never did that to a man and when he thought about having sex with a man, he would have enjoyed more to be given the blowjob.
Dean rubs with his beard stubble over Cas nipple. First one, then the other and gets even more pleasure of how Cas under him breathes hard, struggles, bends. He touches him and feels his hard cock, finally.
„With summoning the Empty?? No. Not at all. I thought he would walk into his sure death. But what else should we ...“
On his desk he finds the old mans business card next to a photo of Sam, Dean, Cas and Jack, next to the Led Zepp mixtape, an apple from the grocery store and a book Dean never heard off. Has that been in the bunker the whole time? „Tous les hommes sont mortels“? What is it even? At a coat hanger at the wall hangs his trench, over the chair his blue tie.
„Funny uncle Cas“ was popular between the kids in the neighborhood, while Dean was really invested in being the cool uncle to Mary and already planned what to do with his nephew, who was on it's way. Sam became a lawyer, even if he had to admit, that he sometimes missed hunting. Maybe not hunting itself but the roadtripping. From time to time Sam and Dean went together on vacation and exchanged life updates. The more years passed, hunting was more like a story. Far away when reality was present, but good to bring back to mind while sitting at a bonfire. Or in their case sitting in a bar.
„What do you want me to do?“ asks Cas and Dean makes them switch positions. Cas on his back, he over him, kissing him, his mouth first. Then his chest, belly, close to his hard cock, thinking „this is for another time“ and then gets up and carefully and slowly enters him. He hears Cas exhale and asks if he is okay, before he pushes further and further. Cas murmurs, closes his eyes. It's uncomfortably tight first, he stops, one hand running over Cas chest, up to his face, he opens his eyes, some blue piercing right through Dean.
Cas nods and after a slow kiss they do let go. He runs his hands through Deans hair, over his back, draws him closer and fully gives in. Slowly teasing him with his tongue, Dean wents on with putting wet kisses at Cas throat and chest. He licks his nipple and teases him even with his teeth, gets some doubts if this is too nasty for now but sees Cas with closed eyes, opened mouth, tilting his head back, moaning without a sound and his chest lifting and sinking. He enjoys it.
„Hell, yes.“ And after a pause he adds „Do you … wanna go meet him? Or wanna go see if heaven is in a better shape now?“ It's the sensible thing to suggest, but he doesn't feel like it. Much to his relief Cas smiles softly and shakes his head. Before Dean came, he thought about it, but simply couldn't leave. Somehow it appars selfish to him, but he needs closure and wants to hear what Dean has to say. And on the other hand nothing indicated that he is needed in heaven right now. After persuading himself, that this would be okay, he was surprisingly calm. And now he is sitting there next to a Dean, who appears much more insecure as he remembers him. An unfamiliar tingle in Cas stomach tells him how huge his urge to see where this is going really is.
Dean nods and sees how Cas' eyes fill with tears. He takes and holds his hand and asks him how long he knows and Cas answers „Two days. Or more three nights and two days.“
One evening he noticed, that Dean didn't turn any pages for a while now and pretended to search for something in the shelf behind Dean, but really glimpsed over his shoulder. It hit him as he read „angel lore“ and „Kassiel“ in the opened book Dean looked at.
Sam pokes him with his elbow and says without looking at him „Hey. We are going to stay here for a while I guess. Firewatch, you know?“
In fresh clothes, Dean with a coffee mug in his hand they leave the bunker and just sit. The sun throws soft shadows on the ground and sunbeams appear between the trees around the bunker. Cas grabbed some knitted, dark sweater of Deans closet and a coat, not knowing if it belongs to anyone. They don't talk much, even if they have thousand questions, that appear to ruin the moment. And after a while Deans rumbling stomach breaks the silence. Cas looks at him and just sees him shrug comically.
To be shown love. Intimacy. He never felt so at peace with the world, if he could just make Dean understand that it only counts that they are now finally here, together.
„Because it was important that Dean does it himself. The hard way. I'm glad you sent them both back. Must be like back in the days.“
„Yes. What if everything wasn't real? Everytime when he looked at me and I got the feeling to see it in his eyes. Or what I felt, when he ...“. Some tears are running down his face and he looks away, his lips shaking. Sam wipes over his face and exhales loudly.
Since they started to get intimate, „want“ rises in him. He craves. Something he never allowed himself to feel. Unconditional, silent love always seemed to be enough till it wasn't. One-sided love. But it was gnawing at him. To be less for Dean than he is for him. And now he finds himself here doing all
Sam nods and pats Cas back. He wanted to comfort him, but he breaks himself again and Cas hugs him in his fashion to hug someone with his whole body. As Cas suspected Sam and Dean would omit the topic completely over the first weekend, they just would look muted at each other with a strange, nostalgic, sad expression at their face until Sam finally says „Are you ok?“
„You know … nothing has to happen, if you don't want it.“ whispers Dean, while both are looking at the ceiling, then glancing over to Cas.
Dean gets closer, cups his face with his hands and something in him hurts. It's as if his heart is breaking if Cas could regret what they done. Regret what felt like pure bliss for him.
„You are. During breakfast you were all high and everything was peachy and now you look like Ebenizer Scrooge. But before the ghosts visited.“
Deans whole body throbs. His heart, his hips, his butt, „so this is the night where I got fucked. Where I got my gay cherry picked, huh.“
„I just ...“, Dean mumbles nearly inapprehensible words as if his was too thick for his mouth. „I just thought ...“
„Stand up.“ the Shadow says with an undertone that eerily remembers him of his father, but it still wears his own face. „I thought you wouldn't have it in you. Congrats. And if you ever come here again I'll tear you to shreds.“ And it whispered the last part. "You know now that I am capable to."
„I just … I just wanted you back, man. I … I love you and ...“ And know he couldn't speak anymore. He said so much. He believed he did good. Before in the Empty he said it all. And now he was too tired and too weak. Cas looks at him, stunned, just manages to put a hand at his shoulder as the door is screeching and Sam and Bobby rush in the room, seeing the two of them and stop suddenly until Sam says „Thank god - you're alive“ and collapses in the doorframe.
As he turns, he sees Cas in his trench, looking at him with a soft smile. They both are looking as young as they were that day in the barn when they first met.
After a moment Dean snaps out of his hypnotic state, deeply inhales and says „Sooo … how was it? For you? Did you … did you like it?“
His face is priceless. Mouth opened just a bit in an expression of sweet arousal. It's pure bliss. Dean is already on the verge of coming himself as he feels Cas shivering and his cock throbbing. He makes him come and pulls away. Dean bends over Cas, who grabs him. They are chest to chest and he is shivering and moaning. His hands are grabbing Deans back so firmly he thinks he will leave bruises. Damn, he is strong. But he encourages it, embraces him tight, feels his body close and warm. If he could draw him even closer he would. After he stops shivering, they part and look at each other, Cas breathless.
He is so close. Inhale, exhale, he cannot hold it any longer and warns Cas shortly before everything explodes in front of his eyes.
They plan to hit the city, to take a roadtrip with the impala and to visit Bobbys place, Rufus cabin or what's left of it.
„I can imagine how it feels for Cas. This must be … much.“ Eileen looks at Bobby, who just dryly states „Well, they get their shit together. Let's prepare the bonfire.“
Dean wipes with his hands over his face as Sam goes on. „Don't get me wrong. I don't want  to hunt cosmic beings, getting into the next end of days. Really. Not my thing anymore. But if it helps you.“ Autumn is near, leaves are falling down slowly and start covering the ground. The air smells like smoke. Yellow, brown, red, dead.
He looks down to Dean with more self-confidence as he too gets up. „Woah … showtime“ he thinks, feeling excited.
As Dean prepares breakfast, Cas wents to their room and finds his trenchcoat. He puts it in the washing machine, already full and turns it on. As he sees the lump of clothing entangled in other laundry, speeding up, not distinguishable anymore through the bulls eye he gets a heavy feeling in his chest. Maybe because the trenchcoat is a token of a life that, what? Ended? Did it
This was actually my least favourite chapter ^^'' Except the part between Dean and Cas. It's hard to say why. Maybe because I think it would be implausible if Cas and Dean happily jump on each other and forget that Cas died and in what a dark place Dean was the recent months. Guess you cannot ignore that!? But it's not so much fun to write how they leave each other again - even if it's just for a short break.
„I could make it stop, but it will just stay fixed for a short while. You're dehydrated – you have to get up and drink. Really.“
„What are you suggesting exactly?“ asks Dean. Milder than before, but also looking incredibly tired.
They went back to the bunker, talking, completing unfinished storys they missed till the evening. Before Eileen and Sam arrive, they collapse against each other exchanging kisses at the map table. They dare to repeat, to try more, to kiss longer. Just lips, all nice, short and sweet. Then some shy and careful tries of Dean to suck a bit on Cas lower lip and to tease him a bit with his tongue. Though Dean swears he could hear his own heart beating in excitement, it's easier every time they feel each other. His hands are sweaty and even if he wants it so much, he doesn't dare to touch Cas, to draw him closer, to feel his body, so his hands are resting at the table behind. They part and look at each other, speechless until both of them laugh sillily. Just as Cas wants to say „I can't believe ...“, the bunker door opens with a metallic screeching and Eileen and Sam appear.
Not as brotherly love or the love between best friends. Now, they were sitting here and he knew that Dean looked at him like he looked at him for years now. It may had been love all the time, even in the way Cas didn't dare to hope for.
Suddenly Cas looks like he has to shoulder the problems of the whole world. In an attempt to escape the attention, he looks down.
„And … do you want to have sex with me? Because I'll tell you, you don't have to ask, I want the full package, if you want that too.“ And he swallows noticeably.
„Me too.“ says Dean then with a rare soft expression. He leans on his arms and kisses him. Gently they tease each other with their upper or lower lip. Dean heads down to Cas throat. As he embraces Cas and rests his head on his chest, he doozes off and Cas just lets him and holds him, his chin burrowed in Deans hair. „Life.“
His weight is heavy on Castiel. His hand lays still on Deans head, gripped in his hair and he smells anxiety and love, hears his breaths, his weight and feels blessed.
Somewhere between embarrased and happy, Sam clears his throat and says „Well and for correct wording … couple is the usual term I believe.“
Maybe Cas watched porn. Maybe Dean gets nervous too. Maybe there is more honest talk. Maybe there is also a bit plot. For sure this fic comes to an end.
He searches for the Shadow. Appearing as Dean, it watches them from the distance, coming slowly closer.
Their eyes locked and Cas presses a bit into the point where their bodys melt and feels it, so does Dean, slowly pushing in him again. Feeling his warmth, feeling how tight Cas closes around his body, feeling his flesh and loosing himself in arousal. They both start moving and pushing against each other. Faster, even faster. Hands running over sweaty, damp skin. Over twitching muscles.
„What's wrong? Come on. I may had no coffee yet, don't expect too much, but I'm ready darling, give it to me.“
„Yeah?“ Dean asks challenging, then his hand runs over Cas body, his belly, stops at his cock and starts stroking him. Pleased he feels him becoming even bigger. Cas shivers, breathes hard and feels his cheeks and chest becoming hot. His hands search for Dean, already wet with precum and he mirrors Deans behaviour. They start kissing and breathing hard in between, feeling each others breath tickling on their skin.
Like an echo Dean hears himself say „Why does this sound like a goodbye?“ and sees the room that night.
„I got that from a movie.“ and he smirks, then returns to a more serious self. He observes him. How tense he is. And he wants so much to create a safe space for the two of them. Like starting over – after twelve years.
Sam starts telling Dean that he went on with building a network between hunters and Jody, Donna and Bobby are telling some stories too. Contrary to the news Dean gets worried, saying „Maybe this is just the quiet before the storm.“
It felt a bit surreal. Yesterday he was silently complaining that he couldn't exactly picture it, the two of them, doing it. It seemed nearly too easy now. Like a perfect movie moment or like the two of them knew exactly what they were going to do.
„That's the question. The person that once was the Shadow seemingly has no memory. So without being able to compare now with the emptiness before... can there be happiness? Or just uncertainty?“ And before Dean can say anything, Cas shakes his head. „No. Maybe not knowing is a blessing in this case. How do you cope an eternity of emptiness?“
„And you?“ asks Cas. Seeing Cas form a life, habits and interests, Dean suddenly feels more motivated to look for a regular job. This is building a life. And his boyfriend is obviously going to be a carpenter. Damn now he has to think about fucking Cas on a massiv dining room table, shaped by his own hands.
„Because that worked so well for you?“ Eileen smiles bittersweet. Dean wants to add something, but she interrupts „I know. I know, Dean. Just please come back, okay? Annoy the hell out of that thing and bring him back and be happy together with feathers, okay? I want us to have corny stupid couple dates. Exchange silly stories on how we all got together. Exchange stupid stories from our childhood and first dates that will embarrass us.“
And then one evening they're sitting on the porch again; Sam, Eileen and the kids left; it's getting awfully cold and they decide to go in. As Dean passes Cas he knows it's today or tomorrow and it's as hurtful as if something cuts him. As if a part of him dies. He turns the porch light off and slowly goes in, tries not to appear as if something is wrong. As they go to bed, he tells him he loves him like he does everyday and Dean tells him too like he does everyday. As soon as Dean enters the deep sleep phase, he again tries to heal him. It maybe heals a bruise, but nothing more.
They barely reach the corridor between living room and kitchen, where Dean strips Cas of the muddy shirt, leaving some soil chunks on the ground, grabs his hard cock through his pants. They kiss hungrily and then he lets Cas fuck him, Dean on top, moving their hips forcefully. Cas looks at Deans torso, his movements, sweaty chest, sightly visible in the sparse evening light while he grabs his thighs. His hands move slowly to Dean stomach, his cock, as far as he can reach to his chest. The expression on Deans face and how he licks his lips turns him on. Cas jolts again and again in Dean forcefully and makes him moan and say "Oh wait till it's your turn, I pay you back". They would shift and Cas would take him from behind, Dean on his knees till they finally come. After resting for a while on the floor, they're taking turns and Dean pushes in Cas hard, but embraces him while they climax.
Cas doesn't seem to be in a mood to plot witty words, instead he is absorbed by what they were doing. For a second Dean wants to add „What changed?“, but just lets it happen and enjoys.
„I have to proof to you that I know how to take a shower properly“ Dean smiles over the extremely serious look on Cas face and just says „Mhm. You better do.“
They are so close, Cas just nods and Dean pushes in him harder and faster as to his relieve he feels Cas cock throb too.
„Maybe. It doesn't matter so much to me anymore. If angel comes back and is also not on duty anymore.“ he laughs. „Maybe it's time.“
„The obvious thing.“ Dean sips his water and avoids her gaze. It's still unusual to him to talk about it. To name what he wants so desperately.
Cas looks at Dean and they both stand up slowly as if every move could be the one stepping on the bomb.
Cas gives him a challenging look. „How old is your vessel by the way, Cas? At a certain age you don't blush anymore, you know?“
It's been a good time writing this fic - I had a lad of fun, I hope you too. :) I would be really happy to read in the comments how you liked it.
. But as Cas suggests to take some vacation and visit Sam, Eileen and the kids or to invite them over for some days, he knows. Cas notices the anger and just before they visit he looks at him, touches him at his neck, draws him closer and says „But it has been a good life, hasn't it?“
„Yeah I know. I have a reason to keep my shit together tonight. Or from now on.“ and he looks to Cas over the bonfires flames.
Cas puts his trenchcoat over one of the chairs and leans at the brick wall opposite the table where Dean is sitting and sipping at his beer.
Dean gives him a soft smile. The wrinkles on his forehead are a bit deeper now. His hair a bit greyer. „Nah. Not really. It's alright how it is. More than alright.“
„For you this is like going home, right? But staying with me forever … does this imply resigning? What exactly would happen?“
Dean sighs, he knew they would be talking. He was just hoping he could sit it out until tomorrow or Cas would forget. Especially after their intermezzo. But of course not. As Dean doesn't say anything, Cas goes on „You should know Jack better and most of all you should know me better.“
As silence stretches again, Dean turns on the radio and searches for a channel that pleases him. Cas opens the glove compartment and fumbles around with something, Dean notices from the corner of his eye, not daring to look over to him. „Erm … this doesn't fit here, or does it?“
To have Dean, to be so close, to feel their damp sweaty skin on each other, appears to him as pure bliss. To have what you believed would never have. This is not a virtue. But it feels too good to deny it.
. He doesn't want to step away from it. Just wants to take it in. Isn't it what he wanted? To have Dean. And he wants him so much.
Deans breaks. His face feels hot and he tries to swallow the tears. Cas takes his hand as presses a leveled „Shit … don't leave me.“ out. Instantly Cas cradles his face and kisses his temple. Tenderly, nearly shy, but to Dean the gesture feels  truely angelic. As he finally meets Cas gaze, he says „I'm not leaving you, Dean.“ Who just nods, cannot look away, his head too empty to figure out what to do until he nearly automatically whispers  „Can I kiss you?“
Cas leaned back, exhaled. „What did you mention today? After we got up? 'It took us a while to get here. Who judges us?' What changed?“
This small outburst of self-confidence is sexy. Dean suddenly feels like he moves in slow-mo, like he couldn't keep up.
They agree on Sam showing him the clothes stash and Dean and Eileen on getting the kitchen ready. They can still hear them and how Eileen asks Dean about how's it going with Cas and Dean responding „A gentleman enjoys and keeps silent.“
Dean adds in, they kiss hungryly, nearly violently and suddenly Cas presses Dean against the shower cabins tiled wall.
„Damn it, Dean. Wouldn't it have been … I don't know … worth the try?“ And then he added „Sorry“ as he saw Deans expression. Tears in his eyes, grinding his jaw in anger.
Cas nods, lets him eat and watches him until Dean finishes early, lets go of his hand. He stands up rushed and gets hastily rid of the rest of the pasta. Simply throws it in the trash can, unusual for him and storms out of the kitchen without even saying a word. Cas just lets him, closes his eyes and swallows away the tears.
Dean isn't ready to not ignore him. He has no idea what to do, but he looks at this copy and says with not much anger or hope left with leveled voice „Tell me … what would you do?“
Dean nods. „I did. But … nothing happened. I guess things don't work like this anymore. What's dead stays dead.“
The Shadow looks over his shoulder to them, how Dean crouches in the blackness, the angel in his arms, rocking back and forth, whispering „I love you“ again and again. They appear so small and vulnerable. It is surprised that he didn't try to shoot him or knife him. The „great Dean Winchester“. So small.
But that this realization happened was big and they knew. Just looking at each other, silently, observing every blink and breath of the other one, nothing was left to say.
Dean is humming while preparing pancakes, Bobby already is up and suggests he's selflessly going to get rid of the first bunch, that didn't came out as well as Dean intended to. Cas joins them and just observes the general mood. Sam and Eileen join them too, hearing Dean humming and joking around. Sam greets him with „Well, you're in a good mood, huh? I wonder why.“
Dean watches every move, every change in Cas expression. For him it feels different too.  He never was intimate with a man or let anyone in like he allowed Cas. Never shared his feelings or felt heard when opening up about doubts, fears, himself.
He is nearly overwhelmed by all of this and unable to speak. Just listening to and looking at the family, he somehow belonged to for a while, but just now really feels and fathoms.
Dean frowns „Well, you make it sound dirty.“ As Cas bends over and wants to kiss him, Dean mumbles something about morning breath, but they kiss nonetheless.
Deans hair is now more grey than anything and Cas „decided“ to have gray hair at his temples too in solidarity. After some intense weeks they got their first barbecue and invited Sam, Eileen with their little daughter Mary, the neighbours, Vincent and Maude, Jody, Donna and some colleagues from their work. They weren't really sure if it would work out to discuss „hunting“ whenever the neighbors and coworkers were busy or standing in another corner. But they believed it worked out.
Dean starts to panic, seeing that somehow he lost Cas metaphorically and added „It felt awesome and it was the most meaningful sex I probably ever had and I want to do it again with you till the end of time, o-kaaay?“
„For real?“ asks Dean. Some months ago they noticed during research that there is seemingly an downward trend and labeled it a coincidence. Because of the huge pile of papers, blogs and books to read, they couldn't definitely say over how much time this developed. But seemingly it was more to it.
„First I thought maybe I'd give it a try after the next apocalypse. Sort things out. And if it's going sideways, you know, I probably don't have to see him again and won't be the joke of the gang. The one who fell in love with an angel. Yeah, right.“ Dean smirks bitterly. „And then. The last two years I … was just thinking Chuck did it.“
Cas looks mesmerized, like he is highly focused. He stops him and looks at him, softly cupping his hands around Cas face.
„This erm, this is my way of asking you if you would like to … be my … husband. I guess? I mean - you need a name!“
Cas nods. And as Dean kisses him and he sees the pure belief in his expression, he somehow finds back to him and to himself.
„You were happy. And now you are even more. Of course you won't sleep now, facing opportunities and possibilities. It's different know, because of him. I'm sick of it. You cannot keep breaking the rules.“ Its voice is like a knife, cutting the silence with a harsh tone. „And this is why you'll better make sure you'll never land here again.“ With another wave of the hand he releases Dean from the pain, who still just sees flirring auras of greyish light as if all his nerves have been firing at once. He thought he's going to pass out.
Coworkers asked him „How's Cas doing? Will you bring Cas? What's Cas up to? He's bad at poker, but excels at billiard. We need him in our team friday night. I have something for the shelter he's working at. My niece needs some advice. He's such a good listener. Cas. Cas. Cas.“
Tears are streaming down his face and he forcefully tries not to make a sound. He sits there in the dim moonlight shining through their windows, frowns, closes his eyes and like a mantra he thinks „We had a good life, we had a good life. We had a good life.“ And just waits till it happens. He doesn't dare to hold Deans hand or to touch him, he doesn't want him to wake up. He wants him to go peaceful, without noticing if that's possible. And Dean doesn't wake up and won't anymore and doesn't notice anything. Cas tries to heal him again, trembling hands and deeply hurt as if there is a hole in his chest. Without effect. He does what's expected and does even more. He calls an ambulance, because that's what necessary and expected, even if it won't help. He calls the neighbors, so that they would let them in. And he calls Sam, even if he maybe already is home with Eileen. And as they all arrive, he is long gone.
In his room, Dean locked the door and sat on his bed, slipping off his bunny slippers while Castiel hung his coat up in the closet. The man then toed off his sneakers and unbuttoned his shirt, revealing his toned body and the scruffy hair on his chest. A line of dark hair disappeared into his jeans. Dean bit his bottom lip and felt an erection start to form. He shifted slightly.
"Gunner headed home a few days ago to shoot a movie and he invited me. I'll be there the rest of the Summer."
"Please don't call it that. And what do you mean 'safe'?" He made those air quotes that he always made fun of Cas for using. "We don't really do anything that makes a safeword necessary."
Reluctantly, Dean opened his eyes and let out a huge breath of air when he saw the bright blue sky. Taking a moment to enjoy the stilled car, he looked at his hands and saw that they were shaking, probably from fear and cold. His still wet clothes clung to him uncomfortably. With a shaky breath, he guided Miracle off of him and crawled over to the door, opened it, and stumbled out of the car.
Cas kissed him back, a deep openmouthed kiss, that left Dean breathless. When Cas moved away, Dean had to bite back a whine.
Dean sat up, eyes starting to focus in the darkness. There was a rectangular object on the floor. "What the fuck is this?"
The living room was almost full, and Cas could hear snatches of conversations and laughter. Gunner was probably charming everyone; Castiel's parents, along with his niece Claire and Kelly's husband, the birthday boy. And his brother Gabe and his wife Kali. Dean's mom and dad, and he was sure Sam and his wife Eileen, and Dean's ex wife and son, all fans of the actor, were hanging onto his every word. He could picture his Aunt Naomi, perched on the edge of the loveseat, wine in hand and smiling politely, while his Uncle Donnie asked him question after question. His cousins, Inias and Hannah were the loudest laughers, and were most likely thinking of new ways to tease Castiel.
Cas nodded to the bag of pretzels and sour cream and onion Pringles can Dean was holding. "Getting snacks?"
"Nah. It's better I stop buying both. Need to save money for rent. And I'll probably get you a gift or two."
"Please don't talk with your mouth full," Cas told him, wiping egg shells off the counter and into the trashcan. "And yes, Dean went a little overboard with the chocolate chips."
Jack jumped up high. "My grandma and grandpa's! Cas and Coach Gabe came with us. My mommy said they're lonely."
The moment he spotted his father and sister slicing through the water, he jumped high in the air, cloak flapping behind him. He watched as his sister, Maggie, tied  a thin rope to an empty hook in the dock, joining the other waiting sea vessels.
He wiped at his mouth with the back of his hand, then licked the smear off. "Th-thanks. Uhm, what are you gonna do if he needs to get up at night? Like, the bathroom?"
'Yeh kinda. If you're so unhapy about this, why didn't you aks Dean not to go? Or evn not to enter the contsst in the first place?'
Walking into the drugstore, Jo headed straight down the aisles and Sam followed Dean as he walked toward the freezer section.
Dean, annoyed, snatched his appendage back. "Stop acting like a mother hen. My skin is fine, I'm fine. Healthy as a horse. "
"Have any weapons, Alastair?" The sheriff asked as she searched him, Jake keeping an eye on the handcuffed man.
Before turning back to the screen, the three kids each stuck their tongues out at the adults. Maggie blew a raspberry at them.
As the hold music hummed in his ear, Cas started pacing again, his blood pumping faster. A faint pain started to squeeze the back of his neck and he winced. Carefully placing his phone on the bed, he tapped "speaker" and took a deep breath. And another.
"Fine." He rummaged around in the bag and pulled out another twenty and a ten. "Now go so I can work on my tan."
Four episodes played, and Dean was surprised when Kelly and Gabriel recited some of the lines perfectly, making Claire laugh. Stoic looking Hannah even smiled, looking up from her computer once in awhile. When the last episode ended, Gabriel scooped up his daughter, who had fallen asleep with the remote in her hands. Kelly picked up a yawning Jack and followed her husband up the stairs.
"I got her," Sam declared. Jack watched him  lift Claire up and hold her, patting her back and whispering into her ear.
Charlie helped him put the now flat mattress into its bag, and Gabe took it and the duffel outside. He looked around, confused at the lack of Dean and Cas. The car was still there, and he noticed movement in the backseat. He marched up to the window and knocked on it. When it rolled down, he was greeted with the sight of his brother, hair a mess, Dean sitting on his lap. Their mouths were matching shades of red.
Jack shurgged in reply. "Follow me." He turned on his heel and picked up a wicker basket from the floor. As he walked, he tossed rose petals on the floor.
"No," Jack replied. "I-I can get it. I did it before. It's not supposed to play on the computer, you know."
Claire covered her mouth and went over to the sink and turn on the faucet. "Jack, can you go keep a look out?"
"Claire is five and Jack just turned three," Cas replied, and Miracle heard a crunch and he licked his lips.
His brother tossed the shirt into the open dresser drawer. "She can hire an escort. Y- we barely know her. She could be in some kind of cult. Haven't you ever heard of human sacrifice?"
"Ha. No. My nephew. He's in the bathroom." Dean tried not to think too much about the relieved look on Cas's face. "Kinda far from your office just to get some food."
Dean had jumped out of bed at 7, giddy and surprisingly wide awake as he turned the alarm on his phone off. He traded the white undershirt and red boxers he'd been wearing for three days for a black tank top and Scooby Doo briefs. Cas hadn't acknowledged him, so engrossed in the heavy novel he'd been reading all night.
The rain had started pouring from the sky in the ten seconds it took to get into the building, and the five of them were soaked. They all changed into pajamas even though it was early. The three kids put on their shark shirts; Jack's had a tiger shark, Kevin's a great white, and Maggie's a hammerhead.
He reached over the table and squeezed her hand. "All I'm gonna say is that if you really like someone, open your big mouth and tell them."
"Oh. Well, okay then." The night before, when him and Sam were about to play Battleship and eat chocolate chip cookies, his mom had waddled in from her bedroom and told them the baby was coming. Sam called Dean and Cas over from the other building and the second they came in him and Jack's mom had taken off for the hospital.
Instructor Singer dragged a stepladder from the utility closet and climbed up. He reached into the ceiling and quickly found the ball.
Castiel smoothly parked the car on the road and turned the ignition off. Turning to his boyfriend, he stated, "Okay, your appointments are in ten minutes. Get out."
"I was just leaving," Dean declared. He walked past Castiel, not looking at him. He opened the back door of the Impala and pulled out a colorful bag. "Kelly, can you give this to Jack? I've been keeping it in the car since September. Might as well give it to him now." As he was handing it off to her, the front door opened again.
Downstairs, his parents were watching a movie and Sam was next to them reading a different book than the one from the car.
Sam let out a whine. "Come on, man. Jo wants to sing!" He reached for the guitar but Dean kept it behind his back and put his free hand on the taller man's chest. "Gimme that! Don't you want your sister to be happy?"
This trip was different. It was a surprise to him and he had a short amount of time to get ready. Unfortunately, his brother was making it harder; every item that was carefully folded into the bag was taken out and shoved back into his dresser.
"Great. Just fuckin' great," Sam complained. He threw the guitar onto the carpet and walked to the kitchen, tripping on the way and muttering to himself.
Jesse grinned wide and recited what Dean's dad had drilled into him, "Kick 'em in the downstairs and scream like all hell has broken loose!"
"Startled me too," Dean grumbled. "I didn't even know Eileen was here. Not that you're not allowed here, Leen. Just, I was... surprised."
The next morning, he woke up at 7:26, two hours before the alarm was set to go off. Dean was on his stomach, cheek smushed against the pillow, drool running out of his mouth. Cas had to carefully and quietly pull his boyfriend's arms off of him. Miracle was lying on her back on her dog bed, and Castiel waited until he saw her chest rise and fall with her breathing before taking her bowls to the kitchen to fill with fresh water and dry food.
The boy looked around and realized it had gotten very dark out. The playground equipment was barely visible.
Dean grinned. He was standing at the kitchen counter making peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for dinner. "I didn't forget," he whispered back. "She'll be fine."
Soft, soothing music was playing from Cas's phone that had been placed carefully on the sink, the scented candles were lit, and Dean had never felt more relaxed. He sunk deeper into his boyfriend's embrace and closed his eyes.
"It has already been done," Castiel replied stiffly. He sniffed. Had he been crying? "I made my choice and I will pay for it."
A throbbing headache plagued Dean by the time the burgers were done. He happily sat down across from his sex buddy and dug in. Cas dipped a small piece of celery in Thousand Island dressing.
"Oh my G- I-I am so sor- I didn't mean t-" Dean stammered as he frantically patted himself. "The tor- I wasn't trying t- I can't find my uh, my uh... the th-thingies that make the car go, sir."
His gaze flicked between the two of them and settled on Cas for a little bit longer than Gabe thought necessary. "Uh huh."
Cas canceled their date twice and when they made a plan the third time he told Dean he could choose where they went and he wouldn't complain. Dean, ignoring his mother's advice, picked The Roadhouse, a diner owned by friends of Dean's parents. His mom insisted it wasn't a first date type of place and Dean in no way, shape, or form agreed; it was clean and familiar and had good food.
Cas sighed happily. "Yes. He's a neurologist. His wife is actually a pediatric surgoen. That's how they met. At med school."
"You gonna let me go?" Alastair spat. "'Cause last I checked, you gotta have proof I committed a crime to keep chained up like this."
"Maybe you should concentrate on not making any noise right now," Cas suggested as he opened their door. "Considering what I am going to do you in the shower."
Dean felt his stomach flip. He always savored Cas's rare gestures of affection. "I guess... but I'm not in the mood for sex."
His mom shook her head slightly, looking at him confused. "I don't do that." She turned to his dad. "I don't do that. Johnny, do I do that? Tell your son I don't do that."
It was right next to the duffelbag, and when Gabriel picked it up, he immediately dropped it. He felt Kelly and Charlie's eyes on him as he picked up again.
Uncle Sammy shook his head. "They should be back soon. Dean will get mad if we start the movie without him."
Patience and Alex were on the couch playing Monoploy with Claire's cousins, Magda and Elijah, and her aunt and uncle's dogs Bones and Scout were lying between them on the floor. Her, Jack, and Kaia were in the corner by the washing machine and dryer.
"I was sitting, waiting o- for you, and he poked me in the fa- cheek with a fake thermometer and asked if I needed to be 'esamined'." He used air quotes on the last word.
"Half-brother," Miracle's daddy answered.  "And it's good they look like Cas, because Lucas is awful, inside and out."
"Why the hell did you do that?" Dean asked, leaving the stall and closing it behind him. "That hurt. I could have a concussion, y'know?"
He was sad that he had to leave the only two kids that would talk to him, but he was really surprised when two weeks later his mom brought him to the aquarium and Kevin and Maggie were there. His mom and Kevin's mom had set up a playdate and Gabriel had decided to move Maggie and her grandmother to an apartment a few blocks from Jack's building. Maggie even transferred to his school, though she was in the grade below him. His mom had bought the three of them matching shark shirts at the gift shop.
"You didn't shove the vegetables under the couch, did you?" his dad asked as Jesse put his empty plate, cup, and fork in the sink. "Like Uncle Dean use to."
Cas bit his bottom lip as he looked over the list he'd been writing the past few minutes. Leaning an elbow on the desk, he hummed softly and tapped the pen against his forehead.
In Kelly's car, as she sped down the highway, Gabriel watched her and listened carefully. She was giving the rundown of her family members. He was taking in the slope of her nose, the bright red lipstick, her dark hair, and perfectly sculpted eyebrows. It was warm, the heat blasting, so he had slipped his arms out of his coat.
"Hey, mistletoe," Charlie called out, walking by with Jack at her heels. "You know what that means!"
Jack had one hand curled around Dean's  arm and the other holding tight to his Mimikyu doll. The only light in the room came from the flickering of the television and the violet glow of the reading light clipped to Dean's book.
"Halloween," Gabe piped up. "It was at a Hallowen party at a bar we go to. Castiel refused to dress up, he just wore a suit and trenchcoat. Kelly was a cowgirl and she told everyone he was John Constantine, not that he knows who that is."
"Course not," Deputy Talley said, giving Dean a weird look. "Just temporary. Won't last that long. You've never used it?" He handed Dean the bottle. "Go 'head and take a peek if ya want."
Scratching his ear against his shoulder, Dean took the bottle and studied it. Clear glass that was shaped like an Elmer's glue bottle, with a thick amber liquid sticking to the sides, barely any at the bottom. The label at the front was a light blue with black lettering and a dark blue bell covered in bumblebee orchids in the middle. Dean grit his teeth, concentrating hard to get the words to stay where they belonged.
Cas told him what he had overheard in Jack's room. "And it made me think about how upset you've been lately because of Garth and the food and the jogging."
"Jesus, he's being pissy." Dean filled a mug with coffee and poured himself a bowl of Lucky Charms "Do you know what his problem is?" he asked Sam and Maggie.
Eventually Dean ran into his house and locked the door behind him. Determined, Cas ran up to his room and stepped out the window on to the roof. Backing up a few feet, he squared his shoulders, took a deep breath, ran, and jumped onto Dean's roof.
Cas pulled a glad bag out of his pocket. A green lighter, half filled with fluid, and a joint were in it. He took them both out and let the bag fall to the floor. When he lit it, Dean had to bite down a gag. He hated weed.
Dean took a breath and jumped out of his seat, marching his way to the front. "Cas, wait," he called just as the man got to the door. He looked at Dean expectantly, head tilted slightly. "Look, about the other day, asking you out. I know you rejected me like a three day old tuna sandwich, but, uhm, I think we really should date."
"It's okay, kiddo. I know what it's like to have a baby in the house. When I was four I put Sammy in the dryer tried to turn it on.
The young boy let out a gasp as the girl on screen came face to face with the sharp teeth of the werewolf and was chased. He tightened his grip on Dean and his toy, and closed his eyes for all of two seconds. He was scared, but he was enthralled and wanted to find out what happened next.
But what he wants to say is „Don't leave. I just got you back.“ And he feels awfully close to tears. He hates it. He hates feeling so weak, he hates the idea to let Cas go through that door and he somehow hates himself. As soon as Cas left the room, his trenchcoat waving behind him, Dean closes his eyes, brushes through his face, heads to the wall and rests his forehead against it.
„I have something to do and I suppose the sooner I go, the sooner I'll be here with you again.“ The frowning face, the squinting eyes, Dean knows this look to well and his happy face immediately disappears as if someone turned the light off.
Besides him in the waiting room, with its uncomfortable hardbacked chairs and bright yellow painted walls, was an elderly woman squinting at her tablet and a college-aged receptionist leaning on her hand with her eyes closed.
"Uh, yeah." If Jack were honest, he didn't find her cute at all; she looked like one of those hairless cats.
"Well that was because I-I y'know," Dean lowered his voice slightly, "like you. But I never thought we were actually... together. It was only sex."
"But, he did kiss you," Dean responded, brow furrowed. "Th- that's what happened. It's what you said happened. Benny said..."
As Gabe watched Dean watch him walk to the house, Gabriel said, "You should go say goodbye too. Especially to Jack."
Turning to the voice, Dean furrowed his brow. He didn't see anyone nearby looking at him, eveyone was still on the move. He looked down and saw two of the dirtiest socks Dean had ever seen, the feet attached to it poking out from underneath the Impala.
Running his hands over the Impala's steering wheel, Cas scratched his tongue with his teeth. "That's both your faults for not asking any questions the last 12 and a half hours."
The phone was taken again, this time by John and Mary Winchester, wearing matching Santa hats, and that's how it went for the next couple minutes; someone taking the phone and talking to Cas for a bit before another member of the family took it and did the same. There was an awkward five minutes where Dean's ten year old twins, Ben and Emma, and thier eight year old half-sister, Josephine, got the phone and he had to speak to Dean's ex-girlfriend Lisa and her husband, Matt. By the time Dean was able to get it back, Castiel was sure he had spoken to at least two-thirds of the house's occupants.
"Hey there Cas," Rufus greeted. "Bunch of us in IT are goin' out for drinks after work. You coming?"
Lip quivering, Jack dragged himself to his room. He quietly shut the door and dropped face first onto his bed and screamed into the pillow.
"Yeah," Dean said, looking sadly at the label he'd been picking at for the last hour. "I really can't take a chance getting drunk with my mom here."
"Should've gone to Alaska for Spring Break," he muttered as he headed to his PT Cruiser. It was parked right in the front of the house. His father's SUV and sister's Mercedes were crowding the driveway.
He looked up and smiled around the pen when he saw Dr. Garrison's gorgeous face. He had a green hoodie on over his labcoat and was holding coffee and a sandwich in a plastic container in his hands. "Hey, doc. What's up?"
The game continued on, and Jack ended up stumbling while moving his right hand from green to blue. He fell onto the mat, catching himself so he wouldn't hit his face. He laughed hard enough for tears to spring to his eyes.
The door swung open, and Sam stumbled in, holding on to the frame for support. "I have spilled chili onto your carpet," he announced.
Charlie kicked her her leg out and sunk it into Castiel's stomach. She stared at the screen and she shook her head. "Dude. You are obsessed."
Cas sent a quick text to Garth, asking him to get someone to clean up the mess, then headed out after his family.
Castiel put his hand on the door, ready to push it open, but he hesitated. He knew it was wrong to eavesdrop, but it had been enjoyable to hear the three talking like they were normal young adults just hanging out with one another, not three people who had been through countless amounts of trauma.
"This is a red light," Dean replied, voice just as quiet. "The laws of physics do not allow me to go any slower, because I am not moving."
"Oh." Dean sipped his coffee. He peered at his little sister over the mug. "Hey, uh. Cas told me. About Ash."
They had to wait a bit for their turn; Alicia and her brother Max sang off-key to a One Republic song, a group of tipsy woman celebrating one's birthday got halfway through a Justin Bieber song before dissolving into giggles and leaving the stage, then after that several solo acts came up and a couple actually sounded good.
"She's eating. Leave her alone and get up." He grabbed Dean's hands and pulled him off the bed, walking him out the door and into the hallway, ignoring his whining.
Castiel took a deep breath and plastered on a smile that he hoped looked a lot more real than it felt.
Dean groaned. "Fine. But just so you know, if we get mobbed by hundred of fans at the store, it will be your fault."
"I'm afraid not," Castiel said through a mouthful of a misshapen tyrannosaurus rex. "They're still at the hospital."
He took a long sip of his soda and felt his bladder fill up. The door to the waiting room's bathroom had an "out of order" sign taped to it, so Dean headed through the door that led to the hall of patients rooms. The bathroom was all the way at the end, and Dean was thankful it was empty.
"No, you do- didn't." Castiel nibbled his lower lip. "Is it really safe for you to be eating that then?"
'Steak medium for Gunner. Baconburg 4 DEan. Wlaked by and heard laughter. Seem like havin a good tim.'
The two men stayed up late, the TV was always too loud, and  someone kept leaving the toilet seat up. Wet towels were left on the floor, lights were never turned off, cabinets and doors left open, dishes were not put away properly. So far the only positives were that he felt slightly less lonely when he came home from work and he's had more sex in the last thirty-three days than he's had his whole life.
When Eileen can back, she sat back in her seat and they all continued talking. Miracle saw that the chair was a lot closer to his uncle's. There was still a squeaky toy of length between them, but he decided he had succeeded. He trotted over and bumped his uncle's hand until his ear was scratched.
Miracle jumped up onto the couch and attacked Eileen's face with his tongue, tasting salt. She giggled and tried to push him off, and he heard Bones bark and the other dog jumped up on to the couch with him, trying to push him off.
"We should be eating chum," Jack had said when they put their shirts on, "but I guess PB and J is a good enough substitute."
Balthazar fixed his thong, then stood and grabbed his robe off the armrest of the recliner, tying it around his waist. "Happy?"
There was a tap to his head and Miracle looked over at the smaller human. He had a popcorn piece that had fallen onto the floor in his hand. Miracle happily took it and crunched away. It was his reward for helping his uncle.
"Please Carolyn?" he whined. His friend Hannah's twin sister was being surprisingly stubborn, but he was sure he would break her. "It really is important. I promise I'll clean up and everything!"
"Gross. Never say that again. Anyway, I got really pissed and told her I don't like being told what to do, except in bed. Heh. And I felt like she was tryin' to change the way I am, or whatever. So I flew down the stairs and tripped and fell on my wrist. Came straight here after the hospital trip. Real boring story, I know."
Cas went to the fridge. "Maybe we can put some fruit on the plate." He pulled out a plastic contianer of blueberries. "How about these?"
"Chocolate ice cream," Cas started, and he froze when he felt Jack move against his chest. He didn't wake up so Cas continued. "Vanilla ice cream, cherry pie, apple pie, zebra cakes, ring dings." He quickly ran his eyes down the rest of the list and flipped it over. "I don't see any fruits or vegetables on here."
"I thought they tasted weird," Layla said, covering her partially eaten cupcake with a napkin. Everyone else had taken seconds.
Jack had met Kevin and Maggie at the party after his mom and Sam had gotten married. Kevin and his mom were friends with the Winchesters and Maggie, Gabriel, and Gabriel's mom had come in from California. Jack had to sit with the two kids at the children's table, and he had been uncomfortable at first. He'd had a hard time looking at them. The kids Jack knew usually thought he was a freak and refused to be anywhere near him. There was always a huge space between him and his schoolmates at the table during lunch. Jack never understood exactly why no one wanted to be his friend. It had never been explained. Every kid he asked just told him he was a weirdo and nobody liked him.
The high schooler shook his head. "I'm good." He flicked the plate with his index finger and it spun.
"Or he gets so disgusted he wants to fight me and I will have no choice but to defend myself and I'll end up killing him, and then I'll be in prison for the rest of my life with an angry cellmate who screeches in his sleep and I'll have to use the toilet in front of him, and even worse, I could never see Dean again." He took a breath. "Because he'd be dead."
Cas was gone for four days. Jack was the one who had texted him updates and called once for advice. When Dean asked the kid if Castiel told him why he was angry at Dean, Jack immediately said yes but refused to tell him the reason.
"'Kay," Jack mumbled. Making sure his army men stayed in their positions on the floor, he followed Dean into the living room.
"What?" Castiel was confused and a little hurt he was just hearing about this now at 2 in the afternoon. "Why?"
Taking the plastic object, Castiel put it on his head and let the straps tap against his face. "I look like a bee."
A yawn from the kitchen's entryway had Castiel turning around, feeling anxious. He relaxed when he saw who it was.
"Fuck!" Sam screeched. His left knee shot up and knocked into the side of Eileen's jaw, and then he let out a scream. She released his dick and cried out, clutching the spot he had hit. Sam covered his groin, eyes squeezed shut as he collpased to the floor.
"What?" The high schooler's mouth was covered with ketchup and bits of chopped meat. "I was hungry!"
Pulling his socks off with a loud grunt, Dean tossed them in the general direction of his duffel bag. He rubbed his sore feet and groaned when he accidentally bumped a bruise on his ankle.
"Or she's lying safely at Uncle Bobby's," he suggested. "I am sure she's fine. Probably looking out the window and watchin' the rain."
"Naw. Just her. We had an extra two day pass to this place because..." Dean licked his lips, feeling that pang again. "Uhm, we just had an extra." He forced a smile.
"Can't go until the doctor says it's okay." The little boy hit his left knee, a little softer, but not by much, and Cas twitched that leg.
"It looks fine," he muttered to himself, suddenly feeling self conscious. "But does it taste okay... I probably should have done a test." He nibbled on the nail of his right thumb.
Kevin snorted. "You've been in love with him for years. What are you waiting for, his eightieth birthday?"
Cas pushed down the laughter rising inside of him and turned around. His boyfriend was sititng at the small kitchen table, arms crossed and an expectant expression on his face. Sweat dripped off his forehead and an apple core was resting on a napkin in front of him.
Soon a snowball fight started, Jack and Cas versus the other three. They ran around the lawn, careful to avoid the decorations, and Gabriel could see the joy in his brother's face. He hadn't been this happy in awhile.
"Nope. She's just a genius. And my grandfather may or may not be a bit psychic. No one knows for sure." She sat up and crossed her legs. "So, about Cas. Jack was tellin' me he misses Dean."
Jack jumped out of the seat. "No. Mommy taught me how to do it myself." He could feel Dean watching him as put the foil around his foood. He took a few more sips of apple juice before tossing the cup into the sink and running off to his room.
"I swear I didn't think you'd hit him." Castiel's gaze bounced around his ex-boyfriend's handsome face. "I was angry at you, and I did a stupid, childish thing. I'm so sorry."
Hands on his hips, Castiel ran his eyes along the short rows of food. Hesitantly, he picked one up and bit it in half. Swallowing, he let put a relieved sigh. It tasted fine, and he felt silly for worrying.
Dean spent the whole drive with his fists clenched tight on the steering wheel, trying to focus on the road and control his breathing as Cas mouthed at his neck and rubbed his cock through his pants.
"I have to hide Claire's lunch in the back of the fridge," Kelly put in, looking at Cas fondly. "He'll switch her pudding cups for fruit."
"Oh. Yeah. Yeah. The owners used to babysit me and my brother. And my parents would return the favor by babysitting their daughter. Th-that was her. Jo." Dean cleared his throat. He was getting worried he would talk too much.
A pot smoking hippie who slept until noon and wasn't a fan of deodarant and spoke bluntly (rudely) and only seemed to call Dean when he wanted his cock sucked. He lived in a studio apartment that always stunk with weed and whatever incense he was burning and didn't own a TV and could barely work a cellphone and kicked Dean out after sex. He drank too much wine and hated holidays and never bought Dean anything other than sex toys.
"Too bad," Dean said as he took Jack's slippers off and ran his fingers up and down the bottoms of his feet.
"Can I hold her Uncle Cas?" Jack asked, holding out his arms. He could feel the adults staring at him.
"Well because Gunner is awesome, he said anyone can come! I asked Lisa and she said she'll find some days she can take off and they'll come out. His daughter, Maggie is about Ben's age. Real sweet. They're gonna love each other. And as for my job," Dean stretched his arms out wide, wiggling his fingers slightly, "I got fired this morning!"
"Jack, stop looking for birthday presents," Castiel demanded, annoyed. He spotted his shoes by his nightstand and sat on the bed to put them on.
"St-stop!" Jack gasped, laughing as Dean tickled him. He tried to pull his arms out of Castiel's grasp but the man had a firm grip on him. "C-c-cut it o-out!" He was flipped onto his back and Dean's hands roamed around his stomach and ribs.
Dean sighed loudly. "No, 'cause he is dad's doctor. Not mine. It's fine. It's not like he can get in trouble for seeing me." I'm pretty sure he can't, he thought.
"This morning. Thanks to you." There was no malice behind that statement; he was actually smiling, and Cas's heart skipped a beat.
Dean would never admit it, even though it was obvious to anyone who spent time with him while he was around the horses, but Running on Empty was his favorite horse in the stable. Her sleek black coat glistened as beautiful as the inky black of a starless sky, the brush glided through the soft dark hair of her mane and tail, and when Dean looked into her warm intelligent brown eyes he felt like she understood everything he said.
Dean picked up the burger and sniffed it. His stomach growled loudly and he blushed. Looking around the table, he saw the adults digging into their food, Claire as well. Cas's sister-in-law, Kelly, was feeding Jack what looked like mashed peas as she used her free hand to eat her burger.
Cas put his hand on Dean's knee and squeezed. "It's okay, Dean. I actually do know Missouri. I've taken Claire and Jack to her a few times. Could I have more potatoes, please?"
Cas pushed Dean off his legs. "I probably shouldn't have left it in front of the door." The lamp on the table by the door was turned on and Dean blinked into sudden brightness.
There was one dog off alone, away from everyone else. A human female that smelled nice was sitting on the ground next to her, turning pages in a book. Miracle went up to the dog and they sniffed eachother. She was about four years old, a mix between a pug and shih tzu, with some pekingese in there.
Cas put his hands on his hips and raised an eyebrow at him. "Now who is being ridiculous? You know very well that Kelly is a lovely woman and I know her son a lot better than you do."
Now, with Dean sitting in a booth next to Cas and feeling awkward and out of place, Sam was across from them talking to some girl he'd danced with. It was not going well.
Jack handed them their cups and stood up straighter. "Tonight we have peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, on toasted or untoasted white bread, and your choices of cut up celery or baby carrots."
Right before Dean sat down, Cas pulled the chair out for him, making Dean blush. He was already feeling weird because the doctor had a brown trenchcoat on over a suit, and Dean felt underdessed in his plaid shirt, dark blue T-shirt, and jeans.
"Hey! Let's watch cartoons!" Jack hopped off Maggie's bed and ran over her TV to turn it on. "I think The Loud House is on."
"Todd, you have to slow down," Sheriff Mills scolded the boy with the soccer ball from earlier. She was helping him stand up. Something was clutched tight in his fist. The sheriff inspected both his knees. "Oh, you're bleeding."
"Still not the biggest fan of that." He pressed the lightest of kisses to the man's forehead and reluctantly slipped out of the guest room.
Dean had volunteered to watch the kids for the night so the parents could enjoy being alone on the holiday. And Cas had excitedly offered to have them spend their time at the store. Besides Dean's own kids and Josephine, Magda and Elijah were there as well as several of his cousin's kids. All of them, besides Ben and Emma, called Dean "Uncle Dean" and Cas found that adorable.
"Thi- that doesn't mean we hav- should. And what she bring all that stuff for, anyway? We have ple- enough st-food."
A look of confusion flashed momentarily across Dean's face before a wave of realization made his eyes light up.
"Pretty boy," Cas replied simply. "Sorry I... Sorry I distracted you." He bent down and picked up one of the fallen garbage cans.
His dad came back into the office then, drying his hands with a paper towel from the bathroom's dispenser. "Damn, that was brutal. I pity the next person to go in there."
"No, I can hear her," Sam insisted. "She's saying 'make your sexy husband a grilled cheese'. She's very adamant about it. You should listen to her."
He sighed and shoved his feet into his watershoes. "I am not getting in with them. I'm going to Cas's parents'."
"I thought it was implied. That we didn't have to talk about it. I'm not good at that kind of stuff." He hugged himself, looking small. "I know you think I always speak my mind, even when I shouldn't. But there are some things that are hard for me to say."
"... Honey, she called him from her password protected phone. You didn't think this through very well."
Alastair stayed quiet, and Dean couldn't see from where he was standing, but he was pretty sure the man was staring daggers at Jake.
"Uh, yeah," Jack replied, confused. He looked up and down the sidewalk.  "Where's Kevin? And... Dean?"
Dean walked the few steps over to the car and put his hands underneath the hood. Widening his stance, he got ready to try to lift it, but right before he tried, Dean blinked, thoughts slipping into his brain and pinballing around his skull.
Dean licked his lips and rubbed his eyes. "Kid, I-I probably shouldn't have said that... I didn't mean... it didn't have anything to do with you. I was just really excited about Claire. You're still my nephew, and I love you. I'm sorry, okay?"
The boy, just brushing fifteen, bit his bottom lip. "It's just... it's coming up soon and I was just... it seems kind of..." He couldn't think of the right word  to finish the sentence. Barbaric? Cruel? Animalistic? He finally settled on "Unfair."
"Bring up the first priosner," she called out to her head guard. She held a piece of paper between her hands.
The four of them got the luggage and bags of gifts out of the trunk and lugged them inside. There was the smell of roasting chicken and biscuits wafting through the air, and the sounds of chatter filled the house, along with noise from the TV in the living room that was turned to the Hallmark channel.
"Since you developed a brain disorder," Gabriel quipped, and he seemed proud of himself for saying it. "This whole fake relationship thing is just like those terrible Hallmark movies. But this is real life."
"No," Dean said sharply. "No. Tha- thanks but no. I'm seriously okay." He stood up from the bench and stumbled, and Cas grabbed him, hands gripping his elbows. The helmet knocked lightly against Castiel's forehead.
Jack wasn't able to concentrate on his book, so he closed it and left it on his nightstand. Maneuvering himself so he was in a more comfortable position, he grabbed Luke and shut his eyes and was soon asleep.
"There is nothing satisfying about sore legs. But I will take and enjoy the ice cream as my reward for letting you drag me out here."
Dean had already given Castiel to rundown on his teammates the week they met, pointing  to each one in the picture on his wall. Still, the college student felt nervous officially meeting them.
"Nice, Cas," Anael muttered. "He's sup- you do know he's supposed to do that to the other team, right?"
Dean touched them self-consciously. "They're prescription. Had to get them when I started wrestling in high school."
"I-" Cas was cut off by Dean's hands on his face and lips against his own. He pulled the other man towards him by his hips and kissed back. After about ten seconds, Castiel pushed him off. "That's not funny."
He had a view of the side door of Dean's house and directly across from his window he could see into a bedroom. All he could see though was a bookcase and the edge of a bed.
Dean was sitting on Cas's lap, his legs folded over the armrest. Castiel was feeding him a slice of pizza.
Peeking carefully over the bench he was squatting behind, Jack loaded his gun with a few more darts. They were the last ones he had in his shoulder bag, the rest scattered around the backyard like blue and orange foam French fries.
"Food first."  He sat on the stool next to his boyfriend and poked at the pieces of cantaloupe and watermelon. "Ew."
Cas narrowed his eyes at him and said, "I'll have a half cup of Sprite, and for dinner I would like grilled chicken with a side of sweet potato fries and a small kale salad. No dressings."
"How come you live in a big house all by yourself?" Dean didn't get a chance to take a look around the place because the second Cas locked the front door he picked Dean up like a new bride and carried him up the stairs, but he was able to count three bedrooms besides Cas's as he was taken down the hall.
Dean grit his teeth and pulled his sister towards him by the strap of her backpack. "No, no, no. There will be none of that. Gimme your stuff, you're sleeping in my room. With the door locked. And you," he turned to Sam, "go finish with the groceries."
Cas nodded. "She's worried about the cost. I told her I'd pay and it would be so much easier for them to move now, when Jack and Claire are so young."
Kicking the door open, Cas gave the man an icy glare as he led Dean by the hand back onto the dance floor.
The sound of the book closing a few minutes later had Dean sitting up, looking expectantly at Cas. He smiled at Dean.
"Hey, pretty boy!" Castiel called out before he could stop himself, and the cute rollerblader turned and immediately crashed into the trash cans in front of the house next door and slid to the ground.
When Naomi called for the next prisoner, Jack furrowed his brow; there were only six people scheduled to be killed.
Cas slid under the covers and leaned back against the headboard. "Eating some once in awhile is fine." He slipped an arm around Dean and pulled him against his chest. "This type is part skim milk."
Sam looked thoughtful. "Hm. I am pretty sure she doesn't live around here. She said she was gonna stay with her older brother for a bit. Maybe I'll see her again soon."
Castiel would chuckle at him as he cupped the little creature in his hands and let it out the window. He'd come back and tease his boyfriend. "It's gone, scaredy cat." Then he'd help the man down.
Castiel grabbed Dean by his cheeks and kissed him. He rubbed his thumbs along the future college student's face.
Sam dropped his stuff next to the couch and sat on the middle cushion. "That Ruby chick set my mattress on fire."
He sighed, put down his phone, and stretched again. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw someone walking up the steps to the porch, surrounded by darkness and lit dimly by the light at the front door. A soft gasp escaped Dean when he realized it was the man he saw earlier.
"Castiel Kline," she growled out, and Jack's mother released him and screamed. His father had to hold her back while she attempted to rush to the gallows. He heard a loud sob and realized it was Dean.
It had just passed noon and Dean's stomach growled, thinking about the leftover pizza in his fridge. If he'd been at home, Dean would've scarfed it down already but his mom was at work and his dad had lost his glasses again, and since Sam was all the way out in California at school it was left to Dean to drive his dad around for the day. So far his dad had gotten a haircut, bought stamps and mailed a letter, withdrawn money from an atm, and picked up his mom's insulin. When the appointment was done there was just a trip to the library left and then Dean could finally go home and eat.
Cas pressed a chaste kiss to Dean's cheek as he got up. He pulled his phone out and started dialing, Mary Winchester smiling politely at him, as he made his way out the front door. As soon as it closed Dean looked at both his parents in turn.
Castiel gestured at the tray. "They're for my- for Dean. He likes them." Anael came over and reached for one. Cas smacked her hand. "No."
Dean came over then and nudged the kid with his elbow. Jack stood and walked over to the other side of table to sit in between Claire and Maggie and Dean took his seat.
"It is not." The selfie Dean had posted made his stomach twist into knots. The man was lying in bed with Gunner, kissing the actor's cheek. Unfortunately, Castiel had to admit to himself that he was really hot.
The sliding glass door that led to the backyard whooshed open, and his sister, Anael, walked in. There was a bounce in her step and a smile on her face. She had the drink cooler held loosely in her hand.
Cas laughed, a big hearty laugh that Dean loved the sound, and clutching his stomach. "Is sh-she around?"
His dad laughed, a sound that came from deep in his stomach. "Don't be so serious, kid." He handed Dean a box wrapped in blue and yellow wrapping paper.
Dizzy and cold, Dean blinked rapidly as the world tilted in front of him. Groaning, he put a hand on the roof of the Impala to steady himself. Goosbumps rose along his arms as the warmth of the sun hit his freezing body. Miracle jumped out and started pawing at his leg, whining.
Castiel smiled.  "Thank you, but no. I promised my brothers I'd start a bonfire. It was nice meeting you both." He turned to Dean and gave him a small wave. "Bye."
The angel's cheeks started to turn pinkish, and Dean can't remember ever actually seeing an angel blush. "Yes it is," he whispered. "But Jack cannot see it. It would not in any way be appropriate. It is, uhm, something that goes inside of... you."
"Oh, good." Castiel released his dick and shoved Dean until his head hit the bed. He stood up and started stripping his clothes off, and took his time doing so.
'Campbell's Weightless Solution. A few drops and any item of your desire weighs absolutely nothing! Keep out of reach of children.'
When Gabriel opened the door to the Kline house, he heard the sounds of several running feet and chairs scraping against the floor. He saw Alicia push Fred's wheelchair through the entrance to the dining room.
Dean sat up on his elbows and took Castiel in; messy dark hair and bright blue eyes, a scraggly beard and dry pink lips. Tonight he'd had on a loose fitting gray v neck and black sweatpants with a drawstring and slip on sneakers. He always dressed so relaxed, unlike Dean whose wardrobe consisted of boring buttondowns and dress pants and loafers.
When he let Jack out in front of his building, he held a finger to his lips. "Your mom would murderize me if she found out where you sat!"
When he got home, Jack was waiting for him next to the map table, dressed in a tuxedo and holding a sign that said "Winchester" in his handwriting.
Maggie came in, carrying the large salad bowl tucked in the crook of her arm, and clutching a few items in her hands. She set them on the table Dean was sitting at and pulled a set of tongs out of her back pocket and clicked them together twice.
"No, he's just crashing here," Dean corrected. "He will leave when he finds an apartment. Which I hope is soon."
"Amara claims some guests have been making complaints about me, but refused to go into detail. Personally, I think she's just mad I kept saying 'no' everytime she asked me out."
"He dropped off a present for you," Cas said. He was sitting in one of the seats that faced the window of the dojo. A few other parents were sitting on the chairs next to him, including Kevin's mom and Maggie's dad, who happened to be Castiel's cousin Gabriel. Jack found him slightly annoying, but he would never say that out loud.
Jack showed the Winchester each of the wooden yoyos. "This one is mine," a red squiggle was painted an each side, "and this is Cas's," a green shape Dean couldn't identify was painted on his.
Dean flicked his eyes to his brother, who was focused on his book. "You don't smell that?... Hello? Sammy?" Dean sighed and turned back to the window, elbow on the door and chin cupped in is hand, watching the trees run together in blurs of green and brown. "How long now?"
He didn't have to think of anything else because his dad came out of the chalet, nearly slamming the door into the wall.
"They don't get a chance to run off," Dean boasted, eyes shut. "I gank 'em before they get a chance."
"It's too hot," Dean whined. "I'm gonna have to take another shower. And my skin will get dry. And I'll have to use the last of the Aveeno. Then I'll have to go all the way to the drugstore to get more."
When Dean came out, Cas nonchalantly nodded at him, and the rollerblader smirked and pushed him flat against the wall. He slid down to his knees and pulled down Castiel's shorts and boxers.
Dean opened one eye to peek at his brother "You ever gonna put that book down?" he asked. "Sammy?" He gave his brother  a small shove.
They walked into the park across the street, keeping in the lights of the lampposts. Dean kept glancing down at Cas's hand, wondering if it was okay to hold it. But, to his surprise, the doctor grabbed Dean's hand and laced their fingers together.
"Why don't you ju- oh, never mind." Dean drummed his fingers against his thigh. "Okay. Chocolate milk."
Jody pulled a small black bag out of his jacket pocket, and something flew out and bounced on the ground. Neither of the officers acknowledged that they saw it.
Castiel put the frying pan and spatula into the sink and headed to the staircase, where Dean was slowly walking down.
Jack had insisted on sitting next to Castiel, and the boy kept talking to him about Bunnicula as he shoveled dinosaur shaped chicken nuggets, peas, and whipped potatoes down his throat. Cas was grateful for that; it meant that he didn't have to talk to Kelly's family, answer any questions they would undoubtedly ask about their relationship.
-'Cause it's fun!- Miracle insisted. He grabbed the round object and tossed it into the air. The three dogs watched it fall onto the carpet and bounce twice. It rolled over to the couch.
Dean rolled over onto his stomach and watched Cas grab Dean's robe and leave the bedroom. He came back thirty seconds later, holding two bottles of water and a damp rag. Castiel cleaned Dean up and forced him to drink the bottle.
Castiel's face scrunched as he smiled wide at that, showing off the gums of his upper teeth. It was Dean's favorite smile, and everytime he made it appear a rush of pure serotonin flowed through him.
Dean sat down on the floor a few feet from the mat, holding the spinner. "You guys go first." He glanced at Felix, who was lying in the terrarium next to him. The snake was curled around a skinny branch, flicking his tongue against the glass and staring at the Winchester. "Yeesh." He scooted a few inches to the right.
An hour later, Castiel's dad picked Jack up and drove him home. Donatello let him sit in the front seat, even though he wasn't big enough, and they sang along to Radio Disney.
The front door the Winchester house slammed open and their dad's voice boomed over the whistling wind. "Get inside before you two blow away!"
"Ah!" Gabriel brought the fingers of his right hand and thumb together in a gesture that said "Be quiet". "You really think my brother would ever cheat on you? This man thinks the sun sets and rises with your say so." He put his hand up when he saw, from the corner of his eye, Castiel open his mouth. "I have had to listen to him for the past three years bitch and moan about you. 'Dean screeched at a college kid today for asking for my number', 'We had to leave the restaurant early because the waiter called me "handsome"', 'A dog walker at the park almost called the police when Dean yelled at him'. You're unhealthy bullshit is the bane of my existence. Yet, against all logic, Cas loves you more than anything. What he did that night was fucking stupid, but so are you."
"I got it a few months ago." Dean pulled out a folded up piece of paper from his pocket and handed it to Castiel.
Dean looked over at his mom and Cas; she was gesturing wildly at his boyfriend and he could hear her raised voice, but unfortunately couldn't make out what she was saying. Cas on the other hand seemed perfectly fine. He had recalled Cas once saying he had a high tolerance for alcohol.
The four humans were sitting at the table in Miracle's kitchen. Banshee was napping in the living room and Bones was lying on the floor, staring up at his father, waiting for scraps. Miracle was confused when his uncle and Eileen had come over earlier and Uncle Sammy and Cas had spent their time cooking a steak and chopping vegetables. When his daddy had put him out in the backyard, he saw the stray cat stretched out near the shed, so he asked if he knew what was going on. The cat called him a dumbass and explained that his uncle and Eileen were on a date, which is what humans and their mates do. He also explained that going on dates was something his father and Cas do all the time.
Dean had spent the rest of Saturday avoiding Cas, which was relatively easy because the angel kept running around the bunker cleaning, barely sparing Dean a second glance.
"Yes." Cas had showed him a picture of a sleeping infant on his phone. Her eyes were closed and she had a fluffy pink blanket wrapped around her. "Isn't she cute?"
"I mean I'm surprised," Dean admitted, shaking his head slightly. "I was gonna come home for Thanksgiving, you know that."
Cas shrugged, even though Anael was facing away from him. "I guess you're allowed. I'm assuming Spruce really likes that red string you call a bathing suit."
Dean flicked his gaze to Cas, who was just bringing the second cardboard box into Dean's room. "I... I guess you can stay on the couch for a few days."
"It's someone's special day and you promised to help me make this someone a nice breakfast for their special day."
"Oh, look at that," his mom said, glancing at Felix, "you're wearing him as jewelry. Again. I guess you wouldn't be able to do that with a dog. Listen, honey, how would you like to spend the night at Cas and Dean's?"
"Oh. Sorry sir," the woman said, hands up. She smiled gently and her kind eyes looked at him softly, reminding Dean of his mother. Her brown hair was cropped into a pixie cut and the beige uniform she wore had a gold star sewn into it and underneath was a metal nameplate that had "Sheriff Mills" engraved on it. "Just trying to get your attention, didn't mean to startle you." She nodded at the Imapla. "That your ca-"
The older man gave Dean that smile that made him weak in the knees. "Hello, Dean. I thought you might like these. They’re flowers, obviously. I mean, they’ll die eventually, but then everything does, doesn’t it?"
Claire nodded. "Cool. Half devil kid. Why do you look like my dad though? Like, you got the same nose and lips."  She grabbed his cheeks and stretched them up and down. "And facial structure. This is weird."
The first floor of the chalet had a living room with two long couches, one against the wall and the other in the middle of the room, and a smart TV with a blu-ray player attached to it. There was a yellow and black striped rug laid on the maple hardwood floor between the couch and a small dining area. The kitchen was tucked into the corner, fridge and cabinets clean and stocked of only the bare essentials; thingd like salt, pepper, and ketchup.There was a bathroom with a tub and shower and a closet next to it with a washer and dryer and haphazardly stuffed with cleaning supplies.
When Dean and Castiel had pulled up next to the girl, she was sitting on the hood of her car, listening to music. She jumped down and pulled her earbuds out as Cas jumped out of the car and ran up to her, giving her a quick hug and looking her over for injuries. He noticed a wrist brace on her left arm.
"Cassie," Gabe called out as he jogged over, Kelly and Charlie right behind him. "Hey. Dude, what is that thing doing here?"
"You know what? I insist. I'm on my lunch break, we can use my discount." He started to walk off, Sam and Jo scuttling after him.
He put his drink on the bench. "Oh... uhm, do you need a-a band aid or something? Maybe you should clean th-"
"We," Jack interrupted. "We cleaned the dining room. Me, you, and Ben." He looked at Kaia. "Our grandfather helped, but not really. He just sat in his wheelchair and pointed."
Dean sighed and sat up. His lips were red and slightly puffy. "What? Did you suddenly remember an eye doctor appointment you're gonna trick me into going on?"
Helen's cousin, Lorraine, Cas remembered, started the inquisition. "I think the most appropriate question is how did you two meet?"
"Anna. She's works for a newspaper in New York. Her and her fiance are coming in Thursday night for Gabe's birthday."
"Dean," Jack shrieked happily. He leaped over the steps and ran over, his grandmother walking at a normal pace behind him. "Dean, Dean, Dean, Dean!" The little boy wrapped his short arms around Dean tightly. "Did ya bring Ben and Emma and Josie?"
"That's me and my mom," Dean said, suddenly behind Castiel.  He pointed to a photo of a blond woman hugging a little boy. "She passed away when I was four."
„He said that Cas wasn't doing his job, wasn't acting like all other Castiels from other worlds. He wasn't playing according to Chucks script. I remember that now. I do for some weeks okay. I get it. I missed my fucking chance, okay?“ As he raised his voice more and more it echoed through the library and lingered some terrible seconds between them and startled the dog.
„Man, hopefully the camera is still off“ he thinks as he puts a hand directly on the dried, dark handprint on the jacket and mumbles „Please, just work. And I swear I'll take care of the rest.“ He was never holding Cas hand „just to hold it“. They may touched. But never with the intention to „simply“ touch each other. As Dean lets go of the jacket, it's too present to him how much he missed and failed to attempt. His cheeks are getting warm.
Embarassment and the effort to swallow tears reddens his face. He can't stand Cas look - that he sees him like this.
„It's just … I couldn't imagine it. You know … Cas. I never could picture it how a relationship would work. With him. With me. We weren't made for that.“
„But does it feel good for you?“ Deans expression is gentle, soft, at ease, maybe a bit tired, happy?
„Are cats allowed?“ Dean smirkd and had to look away from Cas' ultra serious face to not burst out in laughter.
Sam wanted to ask him if he intends to have a look at heaven, but he shuts up – Dean would kill him if he accidentally talks Cas into leaving. So instead he drops another bomb. „There is a really low number of cases out there. Things seem to be changing. From what I see, life is going to change for Dean and you. Yeah and for Eileen and me. What I want to say is ...you got a whole new different life waiting for you. Maybe.“
„But now that we talked, well … . You are right. People that love each other, usually share a bed. If one's not snorring like a bear. Aaaaand ...“ he pauses again with a meaningful look in his face.
Dean feels Cas stubble at his throat, his chest, his nipple. And he feels the pressure in his trousers rising.
Their hands are tightly trailing over their backs, their necks, their chest. He feels Cas hand on his hunter tattoo, moving slowly and tenderly down to his loin, warm and suddenly trembling.
Dean is rocking forth and back with Cas in his arms, always repeating „Please come back to me“ like a mantra.
„Wewatiffly.“ („Relatively.“) says Dean with his mouth full. And after a pause he swallows and adds „You know you changed me, too.“
Cas waits for him to answer, giving him one of these „You can tell me anything“ looks. These „I'll understand you“ looks. „No, I know that feeling. That's what I did, too. For a while.“
During their uncomfortable silence, Miracle is looking to Dean, to Sam, back and forth and whines. Dean feels lighter, but still wishes he could just disappear. He hates to feel this weak, helpless and somehow
Cas adds „I don't know. According to angel radio the world is relatively in order. They have … conventions now.“
„What? No. Hit me with the message.“ Laughing, he missed that, tenderly runs a hand over Cas side. A delicate, small gesture, that sends an ineffable sensation through Cas. He licks his lips, looks more seriously and to Dean his eyes seem to be even more blue right now, his gaze even more asking, inviting him in. „I want you inside, then.“
Cas just looks at him in a way Dean cannot fathom, nor interpret: nearly expressionless and with a small hint of a soft smile.
„Oh." The Shadow turns, frowns with the face of Deans and smirks. "So he really woke him up with this. How corny“.
„I don't know, Cas. I have absolutely no idea what's going on there. Did Jack say something? Or anyone in heaven?“
„Nah.“ Sam shakes his head. „Nah, not really. I always knew it, that you are into cocks too. I just thought you would never muster up enough courage. But if … I hoped it would be for Cas. Sometimes it was very obvious that he would jump into the fire for you. Something would be wrong with life if it wasn't for him. Or with him.“
And he turns and draws Cas in a kiss, erasing his annoyed look. There are no words to describe how relieved Dean is, his action replace words. His hands are running over Cas body, under his dark coat, gripping his sweater and he tries to get to his naked skin. He for sure is warmer than before. Maybe he's a walking motor, a walking power source now. If he would have gotten his hands on him ten years earlier he may would already know. One hand gets till his nipple, pinches it.
The familiar surrounding helps, but he also remembers how often he entered the room. With more questions than answers, either of them left unspoken. Overflowing with anticipation, but leaving somehow glum. Trying to hide all that's happening inside him carefully. How will they leave this room tonight or tomorrow? Embarassed, happy, unsatisfied, regretting? Just as he told himself to think of something else, to find back to a more positive attitude, to remember how vulnerable Dean appeared, how beautiful, how loving and tender his touch, then suddenly Dean suggests „I know a game. Let's play it.“ And distracts him successfully.
Then feels a larger pressure against his entrance. That's it. It's like Cas cock is pressing against a wall of flesh. His flesh. Like there is nothing he could fit in. He feels him slide in, but has no relation of how deep.
Dean noticed that he is too rough on some days. He wouldn't pay much attention to what Cas tells him and has not much patience. Too often he moves away and does anything even if he knows that Cas was waiting for him. And he always regrets it. And Cas rarely makes fuss about it. He may makes a dry remark now and then, that hit home. And sooner or later Dean would meet him, apologizing or just looking like a little boy that did bad. They tell each other every day that they love each other. They wouldn't make the mistake again to say it too less. Or let a single day pass in which it was left unspoken. Even if they had a bigger fight, they wouldn't miss giving each other this much. And in these moments Deans feels that he is working towards something. And he already has a lot more than he ever imagined.
To notice it is one thing, to name it another. Knowing himself so less felt like a punishment, like waking-up and realizing that his existence was lacking something fundamental. It was easy to declare it as an unwanted side effect of sticking around humans. Over time he noticed, that it was depending much on Dean. Of course on Sam too. But with Dean it was different.
„Yeah about sensing things“, he tries to change the topic, „you don't sense any invisible reapers or other angels around here, do you?“
„Dean, first, you wouldn't have been anybodys joke. Not mine, not that of our familys. Maybe the 21st century didn't arrived in every corner of the world yet, but to us … I mean really? Labels don't matter in love. You don't judge others. Why do you judge yourself? And next thing. Do you remember what Chuck said that night in the bunker, after he absorbed Amara?“
That talk wasn't at all what Cas wanted to bring up. He was simply happy Dean came up with „forever“ on his own. And he explains it exactly like this, adding „Forever can be a concept. If you want to. But its' also a long time. Maybe we shouldn't talk about this right now.“
There is cock-blocking, honest talk between Sam and Cas, a bonfire and wholesome Donna-hugs. And maybe sex.
„No. Not without you.“ he looks to the Shadow, then back to Cas, determined. „Did you … did you hear anything? You didn't, did you?“
The tiny, little, very human feeling Dean finally found words for. Everything will sort out now. Suddenly he had a picture in mind. Suddenly he knew very well what to do with the handouts with job offers he took from the diner. Suddenly he became even eager. Eager for the ad, searching for a car mechanic. Eager for somehow finding back to an identity. To being something else than a hunter. Eager for a future, that wouldn't end in dying during a hunt. Eager for anything. Suddenly he knew he would tell Sammy to move „Dean Winchester“ from „active“ to „inactive“ in his fine and fancy system, he shares with their extended hunter family.
Sam leans against the doorway. „Yeah, I suppose so.“ He clears his throat, eyeing Dean. „You know, what Cas does is surely sorting out how life is going on. Where he is left off concerning Jack, heaven and duty. What about you?“
„Study objects? Because of your boring, silly life here? Because if you don't live you may can't fail, but you also cannot try to make it right.“ he gets louder, vigorous, angrier. „Experience neither the highs, nor the lows.“
„Yeah, now I can finally stop dissecting your feelings with you. You can just do your thing now and finally be happy.“ Sam exclaims with relief.
„I don't know yet. I never thought about creating something. For me creation was always something God does.“
He smirks, nods, licks his lips and thinks that Cas obviously knows how to play. „Ok, you're right. Go on.“ They both laugh.
„Well, just if you … want it too. All the other things we did are nice too. And … as I said yesterday I have never done that … . But … I … .“ He hesitates.
„Give me some days and date nights with you and after that I guess I'm ready to find me an old gramps who wants to employ me too“, he grins.
Hands are everywhere, their kisses get hungrier, faster. With some silent gaze and a gesture they are agreeing on getting lost of their pants.
Cas nods and doesn't dare to say „if you want to“ again, because he already did and fears the answer as he fears the lack thereof.
„I want you. I can't explain why it has to be this. We don't need to do it this way, if you don't want to. Of course not.“ He licks his lips and Dean is somehow aroused, snubbed and curious. In sum a feeling he cannot describe. Something between love, lust, insecurity, fear and simple lewdness. It's all. Though he never imagined himself as the receiving part, he somehow likes this notion of Cas and likes to see what happens.
Cas pulls out and they come together, while he embraces Dean from behind. They crash on the mattress as Dean turns to Cas and they try to kiss as they are still shivering and in result are more breathing against each other. Dean slides down a bit on Cas sweating chest and grips him tight, somehow overwhelmed, somehow he wants to get closer to him, but is already as close as it's possible. He presses against Cas chest, smells his skin and sweat, hears his heart beating fast, and feels like he want back. Back to that moment in which they were one. As their breathing is more steady and silent, Cas brushes through Deans wet hair till he finally looks at him.
Instead he just says he did very much things in a „strange fashion“ and noticed mostly when it's to late. As Dean tries to imagine how someone could shower „in a strange fashion“, Cas turns on the water and seemingly enjoys it raining down on him.
Dean laughs nervously „Well, so then Mr Winchester …“ and smirks awkwardly before they kiss. Usually they like to share a nice comfortable bed and wore oneself out just with their actions. But this time they fucked each other right in the library and complained later about their hurting muscles and bones. Or at least Dean did.
Dean never felt like this. He never had this intense, intimate moments with anyone. This must be ecstasy and he doesn't want it to end. Everytime he looks at him, exhausted after sex and with loving eyes, he feels unconditionally loved. Had he ever tasted it? He doesn't want it to end. What's burning in his chest is love. As well as the burning wish to keep what they have, to make it last, linger, to make up for so much lost time. Does Cas feel the same? Dean looks at him and asks „Are you okay?“
„If I knew all these years that you are so good in bed … we could have such a good time. What a shame.“ and looks up at Cas,  who blushes to a significant extent.
„Cas, I don't know what you are talking about. What do you mean?“ Since Cas embraces him from behind, he cannot see Dean grinning and how he plays with him. Behind him Cas looks like he is done and frowns. „I believe you know very well what I mean.“
„No“ he laughs. „You were perfect. It was perfect.“ And suddenly looks somehow boyish, younger than he actually is. He adds „I get the impression you have no idea what a good looking guy you are. I wonder ...“
Missing a puzzle piece  - that's how he still feels and it gnaws at him. He couldn't leave – not after everything that happened just moments ago, but he missed so much. „Reality, fine. But ...“
As Dean wanders around the furniture, he notices how Cas hands glide over the tabletop. Cas may not be overwhelmingly open with his feelings, but he looks stunned.
„Dean … like I said, I don't intend to stay. I just want to see what's happening there. Heaven was practically in ruins before I left. And I want to see how Jack is. Much changed. That's all the closure I need to be finally here with you, not distracted and relieved. Please give me that without worrying too much. I have a good feeling about that.“
Cas nods, his head is a bit more clear now. Observing Dean, his look, his eyes, the lines on his face, his lips and then there it is again, the feeling in his chest. Sheer, tingly anticipation and he has to look at the ceiling to distract himself and swallow it away.
Dean graps a towel and wipes the angel cum away. „Funny“ he says, „not even sparkling or something.“ Giving Cas a goofy grin, who smiles calmly and looks intensely at him likes he's plotting something. He smacks his lips and kisses him. Dean wanted to warn him, tell him what he recently had in his mouth, but obviously Cas doesn't care. He resumes stroking Deans cock, whispering „Let me do that to you too.“
. Did he always smell like this? He touches his hair. Had he ever? As the thought crosses his mind, he starts to crack. Tears are running down his cheeks.
As they sit in the dark of the cinema he asks himself if he should go for the oldschool moves and lay an arm around Cas. That's too stupid. He's a fighting angel soldier being, wouldn't that be awkward? Just as Dean sillily wavers where to put his arm, Cas turns to him, looks questioningly, then just takes Deans palm and they hold hands.
Slowly and steadyly he pushes into Dean. Both close their eyes in sweet pain. He goes faster and deeper and sees relieved how Dean relaxes and lets it happen. This time he seems to enjoy it and moans Cas name, grabs the bed-head, grabs Cas' bizeps. They don't last long and after that crash next to each other on the mattress. Dean jokes breathless that they get better with every time, they are tired and exhausted, arm in arm, rest, sleep, repeat.
„I think you love him. Not like a brother. Or a best friend. We've been here before, Dean. And now he's gone again and you are grieving. And you do it very poorly, Dean.“
Cas ends up in front of him, spreading his legs, gripping his hips, his erect cock between them, breathing noticeably, licks his lips and looks at Dean as if he is waiting for approval. Dean nods, thinks „what a sight“. Cas has a look on his face somewhere between puzzled and determined much to Deans amusement. He would laugh if he wouldn't feel so exposed.
„It was very good. And I was … very surprised. But you have to stop fearing that I would leave you.“
Cas swallows, blushes noticeably and his hands are trailing slowly down to Deans cock, stroking him.
A long counter with lot's of people in work clothes sitting at it, checking the time, hurrying, joking and talking loudly. Some waitresses and waiters are hurrying between the tables. A bottle of ketchup is gliding from one person to another over the counter. Ice cubes in a glass of coke are making a familar sound. The smell of frying oil makes the air feel thick. While Dean jokes about missing the nice odor of random diners along the road, Cas senses something.
„I'm not sure if I can see it that way. I identified with my non-male vessels as well. I just … am accustomed to it. Suddenly I couldn't imagine having another appearance. Why are you asking? Is it bothering you, that we don't put on display that we are a couple? Is it bothering you that I have a male vessel? Because I thought for a long time that you mind. Me having a male appearance.“
Cas phoned the carpenter, whose name is Vincent, and started working at the workshop two times a week. When he got bored he went to a shelter for the homeless, doing some voluntary service like handing food or picking up food from the supermarket, that met its expiration date and wouldn't be sold anymore. Dean noticed repeatedly that Cas seemed to be busy and had to „answer some e-mail“. Sometimes he observed him typing mails and stuff really slowly, frowning. After some probing questions and jokes of Dean about „side business“, Cas mentioned, that he lately felt bored to an extent he never knew, when Dean was at work and that he found him a „job that may earns a bunch of money too“.
Cas sighs and sits down as Sam pats on one of the chairs and asks „How's it going? But spare me the …  details.“ Cas is hushed, tries to look everywhere but not to Sam.
Cas is sure this would have looked primal, animalistic, brute and simple to him if he would have witnessed it over fifteen years ago. Then he started to adore what two persons draws so close together. What binds two persons. The chemical and emotional process of attraction, love, lust. He rests his head against Deans neck and to him it just feels perfect as he presses against him, then slowly in him. Cas warm breath distracts Dean from the uneasy pain and tight feeling. They rest, he relaxes and concentrates on his breathing. Breathes in, breathes out, until it feels easier and as if Cas noticed he goes on and pushes in him slowly while lifting one of Deans legs a bit.
He went to Cas' room, found him there laying on the bed. Back to bed-head, reading some fat phone book sized novel again. Cas is still wearing his button-down-shirt, tie and pants. Only got rid of the trenchcoat and shoes, but still looks more relaxed than yesterday.
„Well … some test me. Others simply don't trusted me, because I had no 'portfolio' as they call it. But now I have a portfolio and I get more orders. I'm pretty good with computers now. I … well … had time.“ And his gaze looks a bit empty while stating „had time“.
Dean stands up and moves towards Cas, who takes the ring. A simple, silver ring without any ornament, but immediately a token that makes him understand the emotional value.
„Promising prospects at the annual job fair“ suddenly catches his gaze while he finishes his eggs and bacon. An adverts headline in the newspaper at a table nearby.
„Of course I'm right! Man, it was sooo good and I'm feeling so old right now.“ Cas laughs as Dean rolls over, calves still twitching and exclaiming.
Sam sighs as Dean still avoids him. The dog enters the library, strolls around and lays down near them.
Please don't get the impression, that were finished here. ;) Because obviously Dean isn't good at grieving (is anyone?)
He looks at him, impossible blue eyes. Have they ever been this blue? These lips. His voice. There again – ants riding through Deans body.
Dean rushes to him, embraces him, presses his face against Cas' and whispers „What took you so long?“
I was … I simply was an asshole. And to Sam too.“ And Cas looks like he finally gets the full picture, frowns and whispers „Dean … .“
„It's just … .“ he looks at him. Why this hesitation? Cas eyes wander off to the dirty trenchcoat over the chair. So much seems to change. It's a lot. Dean follows his glance, then touches him at his neck and makes himself stop and think. „Let go. Simply let go. Just be you and me. Everything will be fine.“
Their faces are so close they feel each others breath, warm and their hearts racing. Dean feels in a strange place between embarassingly nervous, in a state of bliss, childishly happy. He is so on edge, his whole face, throat and chest seems to be blushing.
„But I … have no experience with men.“ he says and Deans hears how nervous he is, his voice more rough than usual.
„Yeah who knows – that what I'm afraid of. Can I go with you? I'll wait there. Damn.“ And Dean turns, sighs, then turns again, stating „I'm getting it. Needing closure. Maybe I would be the same. Couldn't ignore that. Then, go for it. But ...“
„Oh.“ Dean is eating some pasta with prawns and sliced tomatoes. Carefully he puts his fork down and looks muted at the plate in front of him, arms entwined in front of him and wipes over his five o'clock shadow. They're sitting at the counter of their kitchen on bar stools. Cas barefoot, hair a bit more messy than usual and with sad eyes. He sees how the colour fades from Deans face in shock, Cas feels a rupture in his chest. Nothing physical. A frustrating, cold and desperate feeling.
But whenever Dean passed him like this, like he just did after he said „Wanna go for the cinema?“ something wasn't right at all. In situations like this his face would be expressing that everything is fine, but it wasn't. And it was hurting to notice it and sad to notice that he is hiding something for whatever reason.
They are standing next to the impala. Cas' face is framed by a questioning look, head tilted, Dean startled, playing nervously with the keys.
„No, I feel everything, I feel my blood pumping, yours, it's more than usual, and more intense. It's as if I can feel everything happening in my or your body and … it's … much to process. It's as if my body is speeding up and my mind cannot keep up.“
They finally were simply confident and content, that for once and finally, everything will just sort out on its own. And they can just simply be free.
He feels a warmth spread in his chest, feels nervous, thoughts rush through his head. „He wouldn't want us to walk around like brothers, would he? That's impossible after all ...“
„Well, I don't.“ Dean turns his back on him, sounding tired. „Whenever you left, man, you disappeared on me for days or weeks.“
Dean inhales and straightens his back, nodding. „Yeah. It's not feeling like that anymore. Like ...“ he is searching for words. The library is all silent, just the floor squeaking a bit, where Sammy moves.
All the time he was dwelling if he should make a move. But just an instant later he would say „no“, smirk, sarcastically laugh. Not possible. An angel, soldier and instrument for hundred, maybe thousands of years, couldn't develop feelings like this for a human just by living some years with them.
After making sure Dean is ok, he changes their positions and bit and thrusts even more in Dean. The sounds of their bodies, their skin on skin, thrusting, adds to their arousal and as Cas gets closer, he starts stroking Dean as both come, moaning, tired, relieved.
He outstretches and embraces him, they kiss, gently and slowly. He whispers in Cas ear that he waited for this all the way back to the bunker.
There is a free table right behind their person of interest and so they decide to head there as the stranger panics and calls a waitress to pay. As Dean passes, he gets an idea, turns and says „Sorry, we were mistaking you for someone we know, we didn't intend to frighten you. We good?“
„No. I … it's okay. I guess I, want it, too. What is it, that you want to do … exactly?“ They both know what is probably next. Dean licks his lips and laughs nervously.
As Cas notices eyes on him, he looks to Dean, enveloped in the warm light of the small bonfire. Their eyes meet and they smile. Without kowing they long for each other and ask themselves if the other one feels the same.
Cas hesitates, swallows frowning, looks to Dean and slowly says „I'm not sure after what I heard just right now.“
„It was incredible. I somehow lost myself for some seconds. Completely. It was like I exploded and were framed again just a second after.“ Cas says and exhales. They simply look at each other. Overwhelmed and tired from devotion, finally at ease. Till Dean breaks the silence and says „even steven“. He puts an arm around Cas and whispers close to his ear „I love you“ to which Cas responds „I love you too.“
„Come on, don't do that to me, Cas! I really got the impression you liked it judging from moaning and orgasms and …! You know!“
Cas looks at him. „Thats the most romantic thing I ever heard you say.“ and reaches to him. They kiss and whisper sweet nothings in each others ears in between. Finally they decide to shower and move to the bathroom. Dean fears the pipes will wake the whole bunker and hopes they are still sleeping off a hang-over from the bonfire. Jody and Donna intended to stay in an air bnb in the city, while Bobby would be in the guest room. They didn't notice them at all, they must have hit their matraces after Dean fell asleep. „Savely in the arm of my angelic boyfriend“ he thinks and chuckles.
Dean just seemed to notice Sam behind him and nodded. „Maybe. It's a bit strange. According to this lore he's an archangel. Dunno. Maybe it's not him.“
„No, I bought it … I don't know when. Are you not nervous?“ while reaching for Cas entrance, caressing him there. Cas licks his lips, a bit embarassed. Deans touch is a taste of what's going to happen. He lays on Dean, belly on belly, feels Deans hard cock. „Well, now I am.“
„Or it isn't.“ Sam patted Deans shoulder. „Today it's your turn cooking. But because I'm so nice I'll help you.“
„Okay. Then, are you ... afraid of me or something?“ Dean looks a bit sad, hoping this will be a 'no'.
„Cas … I never had something like this with anyone. It was a frenzy, a fuck-fest, but it was also meaningful. I believe that. It wasn't just nameless faceless shit, man. I know it's not charming, but I've been there, I had that - insignificant shit I mean. And you were awesome. And I love you. Okay?“
Dean hesitates and runs his fingers over his beard stubble. „Remember when I said hamster wheel? When I was so angry that I even pointed a gun at you, yelled at everyone and accepted Jack as a walking bomb?“
„Oh God“ he thinks, „what if he was already in love with me there“. All the thoughts of sleepless, drunken midnights are crawling back to him. It's the best-of of all his failures when it comes to Cas.
„We did it. Your sacrifice, too. Pains to say this but … without you doing what you did, I don't know where we would be right now.“ And after a break adds „You know … you can't just drop a bomb like this and just disappear.“ As Cas is still hushed and the silence starts to gnaw on Deans nerves, he feels his stomach prickle and courage fading, so he jumps another time.
If he wouldn't find any clues, he would have to call Cas and hope that something happens. That he magically appears. This was Plan A, simple as that. He checked the time at his mobile phone, but much to his horror time seemed to stood still. The phone wasn't frozen, but time seemed to be. And of course there was no signal. He couldn't even check the web if it's just his phone or if time was really standing still in the empty. Guessing the latter he started calling
„So then it's forever“ says Dean silent and stops himself from putting his hand on Cas', because it already feels too corny for him. But he cannot prevent himself from looking at Cas expecting, no wanting, to see him happy. And his happy face is a drug he likes to get high on.
„Yes I am.“ says Dean and smiles even more. The sight of his weary smile is saddening and she tries to keep a stern facade.
What formerly has been the Shadow hesitates, but takes the napkin and rushes away. Cas just looks at the disappearing, very human, living being.
The days went by. Sam and Eileen came back, maybe even happier as before. They noticed how comfortable Dean and Cas were with around each other and how their behaviour shifted to what could be called „a couples“. The uncertainty that somehow seemed to hover over the two of them and nervous glances disappeared. Maybe they were even too comfortable in certain ways. Dean at least. He welcomed Sam by saying „Sammy, just so that you know - we had sex in every room, in yours twice.“ much to Cas displeasure.
Dean went on with this for a while. To mark his path, he left shreds of a handkerchief due to the lack of nearly all his equipment in the bag. That only worked until the handkerchief was used up. Just to himself he even made jokes he would probably shred his flannel and shirt to mark the way. Maybe he would get a chippendale bonus, if that's what floats the Shadows boat. Then he mumbled he doesn't even know why he marked his way, there is nothing there anyway. Somehow he felt observed and stopped talking to himself. Maybe it was just an effect of the absence of every other sensation and a trick of the mind to create what's missing. Talking to himself was somehow consolidating. Silence on the other hand was just setting his nerves on edge.
„Yeah, maybe. We can't say for sure, yet. But I can't shake the thought that whatever Rowena and Jack are doing, they seemingly are doing a good job!? Maybe this is it. The world seems to be in order. The number of cases hunters report are decreasing.“
Around him just blackness and silence, then Dean looks down to Cas, runs through his hair and puts a hand at his cheek. Until now he was sure he would find a way. Or simply stay or die here. Now fear kicks in. What if not? Deep is the hole in his chest, that nearly drains all emotions but fear.
The money Sam put aside would not even get him through a semester. He applied for scholarships, but was unsure if he would get any. Their cashing-up was not bad, but not good enough. Dean thought about buying a house somewhere. Needn't to be like a model house from „Modern living“, but at least a home with windows. But Cas and he decided to help Sam out first.
That it doesn't work out. Isn't it working out? He feels like he is looking from somewhere else at them and disconnects from the situation.
„Are you disappointed when we don't put us on display?“ Cas didn't seem to understand. „You know … holding hands, kissing in public, all that corny couple stuff for everyone to see."
As the blackness spreads around him Deans heart is racing. His instincts are telling him to breath, to hold onto something, he is panicking and completely lost in evaulating what's happening around him. Is this what Cas felt, when he left? When he was ripped from him? An invisible force drags him away. Even if he was able to breathe, it felt as if he was drowning. His lungs, his entrails seemed to be folded and squeezed  – but without any pain. The bunker fades to black. And then it is over. The terrible sensation is gone and around him his only utter, deep blackness.
Cas is completely opposite. He got the impression that he is safe now, that nothing is embarassing and everything okay since Dean did that for him.
For a second he feels silly and it remembers him of women doing that in porn. Now here he is. So he's going to get fucked tonight.
It feels as if his face and mouth is dry from all their kissing, their stubble, but they won't stop. He's already getting hard again and reaches over to something in his nightstand. „I hope this will do.“
Dean is outside the bunker to get a bit of fresh air. He is sitting on a broken part of an old parapet near the bunkers garage doorway and tries to get his system to work with coffee and to recover from earlier as he hears the doors screeching. Sam sits next to him. To Sam Dean looks like a ghost. Still red marbled eyes, face somehow greyish. From grief or from boozing like a black hole, or simply both.
As Cas arrives at the playground, where the nearest heavens gate is located, he immeditaley senses the presence of another angel. She sits on a slide, the playground is empty. Looking through her vessel, he clearly sees her beautiful wings. Seemingly a lot has changed. But he doesn't recognize her. He can read her name from her signature and aura. But it's an angel not known to him.
„Immediately afterwards. That's when I started being fed up. With it. With everything.“ He stands up. „Shit, I'm going for a drive.“ And he leaves next to Sam, both patting each others back and giving each other a  look. So this is probably it? The parting of the ways? Their gaze seems to say „no, not for now.“ Dean leaves to the garage, Sam looks at him, then leaves in the opposite direction to get Eileen. Both with a strange feeling. As if their decisions were already made deep down. Without a last hurrah. Almost too sudden. Just the road and destination were unclear, but the motor already started, thinks Sam.
Apparently he was so excited to have his wings back, that he completely forget the car, that's still parked near the heavens gate. Dean agreed to let Cas zap them to it and drive it back together after they cleaned themselves. They still had much to talk and tried to catch up while driving back with Castiels dodge. But the mood was seemingly odd judging by the uncomfortable silence between their talks about Jack, heaven, Castiels rebuilt powers and „building things in heaven“.
„Oh come on. Was it awful? Under the shower? Is it too much!? We can take a break and cuddle and stuff. Do you want do break up with me? Tell me! I'm getting nervous here.“
Cas caresses Deans shoulder, holds his face, looks at him saying „Is it .. because you are sad? Did I do something wrong?“
„Yeah for a longer time. I mean … 'profound bond'“ and raised his eyebrows. „And I know you. You've been very attached to him. And you are not so easily attached if it's not family. I mean … he was in whatever way your longest relationship. Look, Dean … I don't want to make it worse, but why didn't you do anything? I mean, you noticed it before, didn't you?“
And then he hits the road, with no idea where it leads him till he gets a strange feeling. Like a déjà-vue or as if he drives through a familiar landscape and slams on the brakes. As he gets out of the Impala, he inhales, looks nervously and frowning around him, walks clueless some meters and then hears a familiar voice behind him.
Then the figure notices Dean looking, instantly flinches and seems to be really uncomfortable. „Should we leave? Talk to that one?“ asks Dean.
Thank you so much for your feedback on the last chapter - it was really motivating and I'm so happy to read your thoughts! Especially on chapter 5, because I developed some doubts about it.
Suddenly he desired a cabin. Somewhere in the woods. Woods, that are safer now. A cabin they probably would build mainly on their own. A cabin where nobody would question the angel, appearing and disappearing once in a while. But always coming home every day. Coming home to him. Suddenly he knew it all. It felt like „prospects“. It felt like something he could never fully grasp. Could never see it for himself in the past. He could even smell the barbecue he would prepare and see Sam and Eileen come over.
Cas leans on his chest, studys his face, his blue eyes close to Deans and says „I never felt like this before.“
„Anyways … guess what. They disappeared. All of them. Some people were searching for them and there are some historical papers and sources mainly collected by the research institute that focuses on cults and sects. And because I could exchange some information and some contacts helped me gather what they needed, the institute gave me something that we need.“
The mind-game and questions were still haunting them a bit as they walked through the garage and entered the bunkers kitchen. But it seemed far away now. It was already evening and Sam left some messages. The case wasn't a case. Eileen and him would stay at a motel, because it is already to late and simply not necessary to drive back immediately. While Dean jokingly texts him to „enjoy their time together“, he glances over to Cas who tastes Deans coffee, shakes his head afterwards, obviously disgusted by it. He even takes a step back, which appears incredibly funny to Dean and sketches a smirk on his face.
„Yes.“ Finally he looks at Cas. Worrying, frowning, disbelieving, gazing without even blinking like that night in the barn. „You think you don't deserve to be saved“ suddenly echoed in Deans head and he imagines himself younger - Cas, younger too. However that happened. And he had to look away as if the fact of over ten years of existing next to each other without opening up was a burden Dean had to shoulder alone. And it was heavy on him.
„No I tend to keep away from that, it's lots of spells. I don't want to get anyone involved in something they don't understand. More like Old Persian, Crimean Gothic, Gaulish language, Palmyrene Aramaic, and so on. Sometimes it's diaries, sometimes archives. Once it was a recipe.“
Time stops, he feels slowing down, Cas gaze swallows him whole. He feels devoured. And on his skin still seems to linger the pressure of Cas' grip like a phatom pain, that hurts so good. „I like that.“ He swallows. „A lot.“ Cas doesn't even blink. Finally he breaks and grins.
The merry round talks about how long they were sitting around the bonfire while eating pancakes. Eileen takes over so that Dean too can eat and he and Cas exchange some glances over the table. He looks so happy, thinks Cas and already feels some guilty conscience.
He strokes firmly over his throat, chest, abs. Slowly Dean understands. Cas took all away that usually arouses and comforts him. Cas blue eyes, his voice, their eyefucking, the sight of Cas. But his motions and strokes feels priceless, firm, yet good.
„Well, he said what he wanted, right?“ Sam frowns. „What he got was just the next best thing he could imagine without having the whole picture. Doesn't seem fair to me.“
Cas smiles softly and says „Odd. Everytime I come back I feel more and more disconnected. I … I don't know.“ He inhales. „It wasn't because of you. That I had to leave. I'm better now.“
„Yes. Yes, I am.“ And then remembers what they are doing. „Oh, right.“ And moves two steps towards Cas, giving up his comfortable place at the table and awkwardly shoves his hands in his pockets, thinking about his next big question. But first it's Cas turn.
As Cas lets him see his wings, appearing with an even bigger wing-spread than before, Dean is in awe first. Calmly he listens to him saying how happy he is to have them back, but then gets the impression that Cas may got his soldier standard kit back and is ready for duty and his smile gets a bit sadder, colder.
Dean and Cas on the other hand were driving around, visiting Jodie, but seeing Castiel was hard on Claire again. After some further days Sam and Dean had the talk about how life would go on. They decided to „do it right“. No credit card fraught, no shortcuts, the real deal, a normal life, a normal struggle. But they would sell some stuff from the bunker that could be interesting for collectors, but isn't dangerous. Maybe some monster teeth and stuff to make a bit extra money. „Just to get something back from hunter life.“ was Sams view on that subject.
Just the thought of Cas' lips closing around his cock arouses him. Then he feels it. He exhales as it happens and holds his breath. Castiels lips, the warmth, his tongue, the motions make his knees feel weak. It feels perfect.
„... you let the light in“, he says while pointing to the spot. „You must have known, that it would open a door for me?“
Hiding is difficult and at the same evening Cas wanted to talk to him, Dean asks first. „Someone dimmed the light around you. What's wrong?“
„So … you wanna, you wanna be the one to … you know. Or should I?“ And runs nervously through his hair. This gestures appears so much „Dean“ and Cas just laughs. His smile infects Dean, who blushes immediately and lays on his back, exclaiming
They talked for a while. As Dean looks at Cas, he notices how comfortable he seems to be. How at ease. His whole posture changed, is more relaxed. In Jeans and a dark blue sweater, talking about feelings and his point of view. The longer Dean observes him, his feeling of ease is shifting to sadness. Maybe the high fades as he realizes all the time they lost. Suddenly there was this feeling again. That he messed up.
„That's what upsets you!? I'm more distressed because that one woman is her own grandma or … whatever.“ Dean pauses before the next episode of „Dark“ starts and glances at Cas.
Dean takes a sip of his coffee, looks absorded in his thoughts at the falling, dying leaves. At life ending. At things changing. At the years they spent next to each other with so much baggage. Arguing, blame, guilt, remorse. So much unrequited and unspoken words. The scent of coffee spreads and as he finally looks at Cas, Dean nearly sees his heart break as he clearly still is waiting for an answer.
Dean checks for a last time his bag. Besides he has his phone, knife and a gun directly on him. Dean looks over his shoulder and sees Sam and Eileen disappear through the door. In an attempt to say what he couldn't say, Sam raises his hand and Dean just nods and understands. As the door screeches and shuts with a heavy sound, that appears eerily final, he inhales, rubs his hands and then squats to the ground, gently puts the jacket in front of him.
„The spell requires 'utter silence', the summoner needs to be the person who wants the Nothingness to swallow his … well it says blankness. And it does need a token of someone who summoned it before.“
He just feels so much suddenly. Feels Cas again, his skin under his fingertips. They start to share a rhythm and Cas caresses Deans thighs. This one simple touch is like a signal fire. Dean pushes gently in Cas, slightly faster and leans over him, gaze still locked at each other.
As Sam opened the door of his room and rushed near him, Dean already held bloody shards in his hands and bend awkwardly over on shaky feet.
This is my favorite cliffhanger so far ... I'm very proud of it and not ashamed to say it. (Joking) I hope you don't hate me now.
After that he furiously opens the door and sits in the impala. Cas laughs, whipes his face, nods, sits too and adds „Yes.“
He noticed the „last“, but isn't going to mention it. „How couldn't I? We have to keep them this time. We cannot loose them again.“ Maybe this is the reason for Deans „last“, Sam thinks and looks over to Eileen, who teaches Jody some ASL.
He throbs, shivers and hears Cas coughing. Cas stands up, leans against him and the tiled wall, kisses his temples and looks at him curiously, while he is still throbbing, exhaling and embarassed to be watched so closely.
He touches Cas shoulder to get his attention, then points to Dean. „You have no idea how disrupted he has been after he finally told me about your confession and how exactly you died. He was SO insecure and guilty. AND you have no idea how heartbroken he was after Lucifer offed you that time right when Jack was born. My GOD. Dean literally was suicidal. Not joking.“
There were pills, there was anger. He was looking at everything around him. At Cas, the house, his niece and nephew and he doesn't want it to end. Cas looks incredibly sad and he dares not to ask him, if he notices something. If it's getting better or if it's worse of the weeks and months. The pills are causing undesirable things and he doesn't feel at home in his body anymore. Sickness. He is
Sam looks around him. The books, the weapons, the gadgets. The idea really didn't cross his mind. Even if he was incredibly happy that there are no monsters and he could go on with life, he really didn't believe that all this around them was essentially not needed anymore.
It's easier to hide in an embrace again and he whispers in Cas ear „I love you. I love you. I love you so damn much. I … I always thought that there is something between us. But I … fuck … I ... It's been over a decade. We lost so much time, man. Why couldn't I ...“
Sam leaves and lets the thought sink in. For Dean the hunter life always seemed to be the only way of living. At least that's what he said on one or the other occasion. Judging by that case with the Jinn and his time with Lisa, a part of Dean is up for the apple pie life. Probably now he has to make a choice. What isn't present to Sam is that the idea has already seasoned. He wasn't thinking much about cases anymore. So Dean just says dryly „And you?“
Dean couldn't shake the thought how enthusiastic Cas suddenly gets. Maybe still low-key comapred to other people, but for Cas this is real enthusiasm. For even the smallest things. An apple. Craft. He himself was rarely like this. Maybe when it comes to food. When he was a child, he naturally was enthusiastic about everything. But that ended with his mothers death and the hunter life. Too soon trying to be the grown up. But Cas? He skipped being a child and being enthuastic and discovering and now maybe caught up on that. Maybe it's in our code? In all of us. Seeing the peaceful expression on Cas face and the slight hint of a smile touched him in a place buried deep in his mind. „Will you call him?“
„So ...“ Cas breaks the silence once again. „You obviously thought I would switch back to being a good soldier.“
Steam spreads in the shower cubicle and wraps them in a moist haze, blurring their view. As if time stood still Dean observes how the water runs down at Cas skin, his biceps, his chest, his throat, his stomach, his crotch. How his hair slowly gets wet. His eyes wander over his body, a body he knew for a decade now, however saw it it's full naked glory just yesterday. A body that wasn't Castiels and was at the same time. As Cas' hands go through his dark hair, he looks at him, reminds him that he was the one that wanted to shower and wipes water from his eyes.
He imagines other things. He remembers driving around with Cas on the passenger seat, asking questions about family and life, frowning about some popculture stuff. He remembers the two of them from last night. His taste. How he felt.
They had a long talk about everything that Cas liked and disliked about being human and Dean tried to tease out of Cas how different sex was compared to his time as a human. Cas just admitted dryly that he hasn't so much to compare to from when he was human and as far as he remembers that he just feels
Realizing his panicking, he closes his eyes and inhales deeply. What was always missing in the dreams the Empty gave him? They always felt
They part as Dean holds his jaw. „Oh boy.“ Dean exhales. „I hadn't this for a long while. Maybe never. Isn't lust a sin, angel?“
„Why didn't you tell me sooner?“ he then often asked. Some of the stories were more gory than his favourite horror flicks. Some of them were sad. The ones dean had no idea how to comment.
What he meant by thinking „It wasn't lasting very long“ wasn't the bourbon. It was the idea of freedom, bliss and escaping the hamster wheel. After some days of happy-go-lucky monster-killing it all seemed to be exactly the same as it was before. Yes, without apocalypses or pissing off cosmic entities. But it was dull. It lost its excitement, yes. But more gravely it lost its color. Couldn't it last a bit longer?
Longing and expectation lingers between them. Deans breath tickles at Cas skin, while Dean hears Cas' heartbeat.
„If I was you I would grip him tight now, Winchester. Because I don't want you here with me.“ And as his voice echoed, Dean looks stunned, grabs Cas with both arms as the Shadow pushes them hard and they fall in a puddle of blackness that seemingly wasn't there before. The sensation familiar to both of them returns, pierces their lungs and entrails and suddenly they disappear.
After a while Vincent died and Maude signed the workshop over to Cas. At that time Cas often fell silent. It hurt to stand in the workshop, see all the remainder and signs of a life full of hard work. He remembered how much he learned at Vincents and how unconditionally he taught him so much. Vincent treated him like an equal even if Cas couldn't answer many of his questions. Where he grew up. How he met Dean. Even Dean was hurt when he saw Cas just roaming around. He would visit Maude often, again for a tea and some chatting. At that time the two of them where remembered more often of Deans grey hair, his hurting knees but also how much time they had together. On these days it felt again like a gift as on their first days after Cas came back from the empty.
Approximately 15 minutes after Dean went for a drive with baby, he recognized an unfamiliar stuttering sound and turned, right back again to the bunker, to take a look. His hands slick with oil, he is working on baby. Sams questions are all to present to him. It's true, he always knew the hunter life. The family business. But now hunting doesn't even come to mind, when Sammy asks about the future. But what else? Somehow he cannot imagine Cas and him wearing matching cardigans and sitting at home with some cats in front of their feet. As as he sees new rusty marks at baby, the failing parts, the needed overhaul, it awfully seems like the end of an era. Funny thing is – he doesn't know yet if it's a reason to laugh or to cry. Maybe neither.
