Thanks once again to girlwhowearsglasses, ellioop, turifer, and marigolds for reading and cheering me on. Doctornerdington, my main beta, has done her best to limit my lack of clarity and deserves all the thank-yous. All remaining idiocies are mine.
"Not quite," John reached up and touched his cheek, only for a moment. Sherlock smiled, shy.
Sherlock was seated cross-legged on the floor, surrounded by a veritable mountain of red Tim Horton’s cups.
cravats!”
“Sheer nosiness,” Sherlock said, reaching for it and flinging it into the fire.
Sherlock materialized beside him a few minutes later, disheveled.
“I was stifling. There was a medic’s course two towns away, and so I went. Ha—I mean, it wasn’t the best at home, Dad and I never got on after I grew big enough to question his decisions.”
“I am not some subordinate you can order about.” Sherlock said, and took what John felt to be an unnecessarily large draw from his mink dropping.
“Company? So you
“Says you.”
They set themselves against the door and pushed it open, blocking it just in time for Harry to crash against them. Sherlock had to laugh.
“Could be. Makes sense.”
“Lie back, then, and start your watch,” John grinned. He’d been wanting to get his hands on those shirt buttons.
An odd look crossed Sherlock’s face. Too late, John remembered the “piss off,” and tried to catch his mistake.
Then he realized just exactly what he was doing. He stopped.
As always I feel I need to thank venvephe for the idea of John’s danger boner. She prompted me with it one time and I think every fic I’ve ever written contains it now.
The consequences of Sherlock’s fall from his horse are rather more serious than either he or John expects, and many things go bump in the night.
Sherlock leaped out of bed, seized his boots—why were they there?—and came down the ladder to engulf Mrs. Hudson in a hug significantly less awkward than the one he and John had shared earlier.
“John,” Sherlock said, urgently.
"Just not tonight. One thing at a time," John said, and bent to kiss Sherlock slowly and thoroughly, until they were both panting.
“We can go today.” he said, “There’s no use hoeing; the ground’s heavy as can be. I thought I’d walk the perimeter of the property and mark out this summer’s clearing.”
“I see.” Sherlock’s words were not comforting, but John had not expected comfort. Or a reciprocal admission, if it came to that. Though Sherlock had already made it clear that he was interested in a sexual liaison, he had stopped short of saying that he was attracted to John. The signs were there, perhaps, but John did not dare explore for fear of discovering something more powerful than his own will.
“No bears out and about, at least.”
“I won’t have it!”
John was the last to rise, but he did rise, and he found himself swinging and being swung, first by young Joe and then by Sarah. Then, he found himself promenading with Lyons, his hand on a truly spectacular bicep.
The slide of a nude body against his own—and a vigorous, healthy nude body, not one half-dead with cold—was a delicious shock, but also one that put him in the same uncomfortable situation as that terrible night: his body could not tell that this was no time for base urges. Even the water, so deliciously cool, was no deterrent, and John set his foot on the ground bent on backing away and freeing himself before any telltale swelling could result.
Pulling on his trousers and boots, he went out to the barn. As he stepped into the bright summer morning he saw the chickens were already out and breathed a sigh of relief. Sherlock must have come to collect eggs, a conclusion that made much greater sense than Sherlock running away.
“Seven o’clock. Good night, Uncle Gregory.”
"Then we are finished," Mycroft Holmes said, in a pleasant tone, and held out his hand. The corner of his mouth twitched, and John knew that Holmes expected a refusal.
Predictably, Holmes didn't offer to help. He sat...no, lounged on the settle--John had not been sure that was possible--and watched silently, his eyes tracking John's every movement, his long fingers twitching as John boiled fiddleheads and fried bacon and potatoes.
“They are. Watch.” John opened the door of the pen. The geese automatically stepped back, letting the chickens surge out; then, when the way was clear, walked sedately towards the outer door.
“Delightful,” Sherlock said, “I’m so pleased I came to the backwoods to be mocked for my horsemanship. I could have stayed home for that.”
Come and visit me on tumblr, where I’m redscudery, or Twitter, where I go by @scudery. Thanks for reading!
Though he knew the pamphlet and procedure by heart, but he read it again as he walked to the house: “Prostate massage: A firm, repetitive pressure on the gland will cause it to drain; a clear fluid will flow from the urethra, indicating success. Afterwards, a nearly boiling towel should be placed over the genital area, which will deflate the erection without inducing the discharge of the man’s vital essence which may be conducive to lethargy.”
Sherlock looked around the small cabin.
"That sounds like an acceptable protocol," he said.
This chapter has had several different names. Originally called “Bears That Aren’t There—Except They Are” (except they aren’t now, because the chapter is twice as long as I was expecting), I spent six months calling it “AUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUGH” and at least one more calling it “The One Where They Have Sex On Purpose.”
“I’m glad you think so, Sherlock, but I will do what’s right, for once.”
"Not exactly." Sherlock sounded evasive. "What about cats?"
“And you don’t know why,” Sherlock said glumly.
“It was quite clever, I thought, whatever you think.”
. I found it in the roses, but it had strawberry pollen on it.”
“Thank you, John,” Sherlock said, and John did not let the warm rumble of his voice affect him at all as they slowly made their way to the cabin.
John and Sherlock are at cross-purposes over the advisability of pelvic massage until Sherlock’s body takes over and solves the problem…for now. A trip to town means an unwelcome parcel from Mycroft, a delicious dinner with Angelo and some unnerving news from Stamford. John is haunted by his past.
He tried again, and he was nearly free of his odiferous, embarrassing position when John rounded the corner of barn.
“I insist that you see to…that aspect of his health. Otherwise, I will—regrettably—be obliged to take action.”
“I’m sorry, Sherlock. I am.”
“I can’t see any of them doing it. Who has the time? Why a dog?”
He swung up into the saddle.
“No. But I do have one rule to add.”
“City boy,” John replied, mock-mournfully. “I suppose I have to tell you everything. Use the one on the right.”
“Fine. I’m a sexually demanding drama queen.”
"That I'd treat you if you wanted to be treated, or if you showed serious symptoms, but otherwise you were welcome to do just about what you liked."
“Either of them cutting bush in the area?”
"Yes. A betrayal, perhaps? As for just now, you looked at me while I was eating—assessing my food intake, obviously—but you're clever enough to see that I'm not visibly ill. You're wondering what, then, would motivate such a lazy slug as Mycroft to travel so far from a pastry shop he deems appropriate, although you can't have known about his pastry addiction so I suppose that's of no matter. Clearly he's getting me out of the way, but just as clearly, he's not the type of man to have a socially damaging vice—worse luck—so there must be something wrong with me. I'm eating well, though you think I'm odd, and it's a puzzle that you can't quite piece out," Holmes paused. "So I gave you the answer."
“It’s fine.”
“Surely if I consent,” Sherlock said, “it is ethical?”
John couldn't help but snort, and suddenly they were both laughing companionably.
"I've no room."
"Only because you think it's beneath you to teach."
“JOHN.” An insistent exclamation from the manure pile.
It wasn’t until Arthur stopped walking to look back at them disapprovingly that they gained control of themselves. John took up the reins again feeling lighter, as though something hard inside him had been dissolved. Sherlock looked younger, too, his face clear and bright, and suddenly John was grateful for his presence. He was grateful, too, that he had resisted the temptation to touch Sherlock as a lover. He could love Sherlock, he realized, Platonically; any baser desire could be suppressed.
“I intend to finish ploughing the bloody home field, and if I can, move on to the north field.”
“I thought she hated him,” Sherlock said.
“Jaren. Now, let’s look for the only unused storage room.”
“All right, Greg?”
The single word was enough to galvanize John. He drew back, fighting down an impulse to push the table away and hold Sherlock close.
John began at the end of the bear, as was customary, cutting around the penis and testicles and tying off the urethra and anus. Sherlock watched in morbid--but thankfully silent--fascination.
that’s presumably at the bottom of this ravine.”
Sherlock cut his eyes at John but continued. “One would think, after the disaster that was Mycroft’s tenure—he had seized control of the administration before his first term was out...”
I almost added a Sherlock POV here and then chickened out. Basically, Sherlock thinks John is interesting and he’ll hate it a lot less than he thought.
Holding one finger firmly inside Sherlock, John laid his right fingers on Sherlock’s jugular pulse. Fast, but that was to be expected.
Still, visits with his neighbours were sometimes unavoidable, given the barter system that had evolved between them. It began as a matter of necessity:  neither he nor Greg Lestrade had wives, and Mrs. Hudson and the widow Donovan shared a fairly unreliable hired man. John and Lestrade cut wood and helped harvest the women’s crops, and in return, Mrs. Hudson made their clothes and the widow Donovan provided them with butter, cheese, and preserves. It wasn’t that John disliked any of them, exactly, but he rarely felt inclined to seek out their company outside of their fairly regular business transactions.
Sherlock looked at the geese wistfully. They were rubbing beaks and making small geesy noises.
Sherlock’s only answer was a rather unpleasant cough.
"Africa or India?" Holmes asked, seemingly out of the blue.
Now that his mind was on the subject, he looked over at Sherlock. He had not noticed him doing anything of the sort, for which he was, in general, thankful, but it did cause him to wonder if Mycroft Holmes had not been correct. If Sherlock did not frig himself to completion, or if he did it so infrequently that he suffered from testicular congestion, then his health could be at risk. He resolved to raise the subject at an appropriate time.
“One waits for Mrs. Hudson to bring Higgins around. Which she will, soon enough. She’s got a sixth sense for these things.”
“So, tea?”
“How did you…it smells
“That is all.”
“Bread
I have to thank my beta, doctornerdington, for whipping this chapter into shape. However, because I am a garbage person with no respect for deadlines, she had a very short time to see the final iteration. Please don’t blame her for my constitutional inability to a) write consistently and b) overuse semicolons.
Sherlock.
“I don’t know.” John’s voice was hollow.
“Nobody I know. Mrs. Hudson hates it, and so does Sally. Dimmock’s mother might, but frankly if she’s the one out playing pranks in the dark I’ll eat Harry whole.” John sat in his chair, and then stood again. He went to tidy the bench instead, but gave up. It seemed so ineffective. “Do you think we’re really in danger? This seems like a warning, but nobody’s harmed us.”
"Very well, Doctor Watson. I believe you are indeed the man for the job."
Sherlock cursed to himself. Why hadn’t he paid more attention. He had forgotten his purpose in his enjoyment, and now they were no closer to solving the mystery of their persecutor than they had been when they arrived.
John wanted to leap up and grab him. Instead, he beckoned.
“The protocol.” The muscle was twitching again, this time, Sherlock was sure, in amusement. He wasn’t sure how he felt about that.
John shook his head and, planting his feet firmly, seized Sherlock behind both elbows and pulled. The force would have surprised Sherlock, had he been in any state to be surprised. Instead he just stood there, swaying slightly, while John efficiently stripped him to his drawers. He noted, as though from a great distance, that he had stopped shivering.
John looked at him, mouth agape.
“It’s a sign of low vitamin density, which might contribute to your brother’s assessment that you are hysteric.”
This chapter does contain animal death and dismemberment, so please be watchful of what’s good for you to read. The death is an important plot point, but if you don’t want to read about the dismembering, you can skip from “Then the bear shifted his weight” to “Get yourself clean and get into the cabin.”
Securing the barn door, he walked quickly down to the one spot in his muddy lake that was easy to enter. Without looking back at the cabin, he stripped down and limped to the edge. The first few inches were not cold, but he kept walking, and didn't stop until he was waist deep, toes grounded in the squishy mud. He ducked himself under, almost losing his breath again at the chilly embrace of the water. He damned himself once more although the desire in his belly had decreased. He felt as though his breath had left his body and re-entered it full of Sherlock Holmes' scent and self.  A man, a stranger, and a patient: three reasons why this infatuation was a terrible thing.
John was looking at him most suspiciously. Sherlock feigned nonchalance.
“It will be very instructive to meet her, then.” Sherlock said, as though he had never said the other
“Do you hear yourself?” Sherlock cocked his head. “Now back up against that wall.”
“Frank Higgins, her goat. He’s the father of most of the baby goats in this area.”
Shoe Lake was seven miles from the farm, but through the back of John's farm and across the tail end of Mrs. Hudson's property, it was a ten-mile ride. John looked for traces of deer through the first part, but soon stopped, reasoning that they would have to turn around if he shot something, and he wanted to fish now, and use Sherlock's "worm units".
John nodded.
“She began to work at the school in my second year. She was a home girl but the family was unkind. Mycroft brought her to the school, actually.” His face twisted in puzzlement.  “Why do I remember this, but nothing else?”
“Can I get you anything else?” he said, winking. His mouth was full and lush.
He persevered. “The chambermaid, no? You served…you…” He  stuttered to a stop as her face closed up. “Mycr—“ he tried again. Something wasn’t right. Why wasn’t it right?
"Close your mouth, John, or flies will get in." Sally said, then rounded on Mrs. Hudson, "And don't you suggest that I make up to him. A more useless husband I could not imagine, and I have Anderson as a model.”
John frowned.
“Sherlock,” he whispered into Sherlock’s mouth.
"Very good. Now come here." John patted the space beside him. Sherlock lay his head on John's shoulder and twined their legs together. His hand still cupped John's cock, safe and warm.
“I will not.”
A nervous energy crackled through him as he chose a log, moved it to a safe distance from Lestrade and Lyons—who had their backs to each other, he noted—and began to slice a deep v-bed in the wide end. The slight unease he felt in company was intensified; chances were good that someone in this very yard was responsible for the tricks. He swung his axe harder, making chips fly.
Harry welcomed him with a return of her usual enthusiam. Sherlock looked at her speculatively: eyes and nose moist, hair smooth and shiny. Clara, shyer but still demanding, looked in good condition as well. Both of them were plump with babies—twins, he suspected, in Harry’s case.
“A woman?”
John thought about Sherlock setting fire to the stove, harassing his geese, laughing in delight as he caught a fish, working in the garden. Difficult wasn't exactly the word for Sherlock, although it described John's feelings pretty well.
“You needn’t say it in quite that tone, even if your ancestors were arguably more productive.”
“No, thank God. Everyone’s healthy and has all their limbs. No, it’s odder still. I’ve been out at the Ojibway camp. There’ve been rumours of some unusual sightings. A large boar bear, close to camp.”
“I can’t think of any that might do something like this.” Sherlock rolled his eyes.
In retrospect, John should have realized the length of time between the text and the response was ominous, but the clinic was full of people with tonsillitis and midwinter sniffles, and he didn’t have time to check his texts. It was only as he was trying to decide whether to brave the cold for lunch--and whether to go back to Tim Horton’s--that he reached for his phone, but he was interrupted by a brisk knock on the staffroom door.
John stopped in the midst of straining the milk and stared.
Perhaps Mycroft was right. Perhaps he
“What’s surprising about that? Nearly every farm hereabouts has a dog, and the Ojibway camp has several.”
“Steady now,” came Sherlock’s voice. John fought towards the sound, drawing in air. Sherlock’s arm had slid around his shoulder and the heat brought him back to himself. He exhaled again, and the next breath came easier.
"I have exactly two geese and I am saving them for eggs and food, so there are no feather beds here, no. Spruce branches are what I'm using now, and it'll be hay once I
"At least it wasn't goats,"  he said.
Sherlock considered this.
“And that’s your reason? Your whole reason?”
Sherlock drew back. John could see the wheels turning in his head.
“Drew him away from the animals so you could get a clear shot, Sherlock replied, burying his face in John’s neck.
"Mmmmm," he said, and writhed against John, his cock hard against John's thigh.
denied--but they carried it too far. They increased and multiplied and scattered all over, but the old stock at New Moon Farm is pretty well run out.  Only three live there now: your Great-Aunt Martha and your Uncle Gregory and their cousin, Mike Stamford. No children--Martha’s husband ran away to sea, and Greg never did find anyone to suit his tastes. They say he's a bit of a crank, and couldn't find anyone good enough to marry a Lestrade, but he always seemed as if he might have a kind heart, underneath - I think it's more shyness than anything. Your Uncle Oliver lives in Summerside, your Uncle Phillip--now he
“On that ankle? And how do I know there won’t be dead coyote in the stew, yeah?”
“None of your lip,” John growled, and Sherlock’s arse quivered. John dipped his left hand into the beaver grease and laid his right on Sherlock’s lower back. To his credit, Sherlock did not flinch, but John’s cock gave a jump that he was pretty sure Sherlock had felt.
Come and visit me on tumblr, where I’m redscudery, or Twitter, where I go by @scudery. Thanks for reading!
Sherlock told him.
"Do you like dogs?"
“He did what?”
He dressed, slowly, taking the time to dry his body in the sun, since Sherlock could not see him. There must be something, anything, he could do to help.
John bit at his cups.
The trail wound and backtracked, and John caught up with Sherlock in quite a short time. Within fifteen minutes, he heard the characteristic noise of a tall man moving through spruce woods, and so he found a convenient pile of dry bracken and secreted himself at its edge to assess the situation.
Sherlock said nothing.
John looked at him, comprehension dawning.
There, however, his scientific inquiry hit a snag. The geese followed him willingly enough, but the transition from luring a goose to securing a goose under one’s arm proved to be much more difficult than Sherlock had anticipated: their necks, he discovered, were a significant obstacle, to say nothing of their temperament. Furthermore, though Sherlock was an able climber, scaling a rough log building with a twenty-five-pound goose was a challenge even to his ability. Finally, it was clear that Philemon, also, did not countenance being carried to the top of the shanty at all, as several large welts along Sherlock’s arms attested. The bright side, however, was that Sherlock had a much better idea of the intelligence of
, that he could now predict John's emotions and feelings with some accuracy,
“True.” John had to concede it, and he held Sherlock close as they both laughed.
“We record who wins and who loses whenever we get coffee.”
"Of course you can’t. Spare me the disquisition; I’ve got shit to shovel. Will you join me, or are you staying here?"
“Indeed.”
“Arseho—mmmphf!”
Sherlock didn’t slow, however. Clara was still within reach and he would catch her if she didn’t put on a sudden burst of speed. He leaped the potato patch, but his jump startled her as well, and she tore back towards the shanty, eyes rolling and little tail flying. In a split second, Sherlock made the decision to follow. Harry would have to concede if Clara was returned to the barn.
The word echoed in John’s ears like a nightmare, and in John’s cock like a wet dream.
. What in the hell am I supposed to do?”
“Please,” Sherlock whispered against his mouth.
“Something,” John muttered, and started to look.
“Er. Congress, yes, but also… more.”
Joe Dimmock knew that, Sherlock was sure of it. The shape of the boy’s shoulders, so different from his usual quick, industrious bearing, told the full tale. He’d left his home as soon as he could, that was certain.
John blinked.
“I am a reasonable adult human.”
“Glad to see your moral compass has righted itself” Sherlock could not prevent himself from saying, though his lips were brushing against John’s neck.
The next thing John was aware of was a banging at the door.
“Hindoo” is a common 19th-century spelling of “Hindu”; you see it in Jane Eyre, for example.
“There’s plenty of sugar in the tea,” John added, unnecessarily.
“I thought you were competitive.”
“It was …more than that.”
“You’ve got to breathe it in,” Sherlock said, lying back on the grass and examining the sky.
“Y-yes.”
“You’re beautiful,” he said.
“The best kind.” John said, kissing him.
"Whoever it is is getting closer to what they want," Sherlock said. “Come and eat.”
Where was the man, blast him? John retraced his steps to the cabin door. Dropping to his knees, he examined the grass just off the paths to the barn; a careful look showed him that, by the shanty, an individual trail revealed itself, and it was heading towards the main road.
All was quiet as John fried breakfast—there were four eggs today, thankfully—and Sherlock only spoke again when they had plates in hand and there was more tea.
"Cold?" Sherlock asked. He himself seemed calm enough, all of a sudden, even bare-chested and with his hands on his fly buttons.
“You’re sure?” Sherlock looked up at John with his most beseeching gaze. It would be possible to get the babies away, he was sure, especially if John were willing to ply the his board again.
Sherlock shook hands with both women. Mrs. Barrymore simply nodded; Prue Dimmock muttered a “how d’ye do” in her flat Canadian voice. As he had expected, neither seemed to be quite the type to have perpetrated the kind of unconventional hoax as the straw dog—although if the loud woman knew his mother anything was possible, he supposed.
“Sherlock! Yes, I eat a great deal of salt pork. No, I will not discuss my regularity with you; the outhouse is to the northwest if you wish to pursue the matter further.”
Right then and there Sherlock swore that, even if they had to hire him themselves, that young Dimmock would never go back home.
"Can we not talk about goats?" John groaned.
“Somehow I think you’ll like her. Mrs. Hudson.”
“He’s not my… he’s not my young man.”
“Keep your hands to yourself now,” John said, kissing Sherlock’s nape. He wished he could put his hands all over Sherlock, but the contest didn’t allow it.
John fled to the toolshed. As he filed rust off his best fishhooks, he cursed his own weakness. He'd done a good job of staying rational and keeping his distance, physically, but there was something so compelling about Sherlock Holmes, something so easy in their intercourse, that he could not maintain an intellectual, or, indeed, emotional, distance. And where John’s emotions went, his body followed—though, to be fair, his body had already been there from the time Sherlock had slid ungracefully off his horse in early May. Discovering that Sherlock was a brilliant, mercurial, ridiculous arsehole on top of that had been the
“Good night, John,” he said, stiffly. John was standing there looking at him, his hand small on his valise, waiting for him to leave. “Breakfast at seven o’clock.”
“Interesting,” he breathed, but before John could ask what, exactly, was interesting, he was gone. John shook his head and continued on his way.
John sighed, and shivered.
“It doesn’t. But I want you to unroll two, and I will unroll two.”
John shook his head. Just wait until he got his hands on that man. He was so very grateful for Lestrade’s forbearance; far from being furious, as most men would be, he was understanding.
“Me too.” A longer breath.
The rejected title for this chapter was “Don’t Fuck With Geese. Or Moose.”
As much as John regretted losing several good daylight hours to chasing animals and bathing, it was a glorious day for a swim. The sun shone fiercely, and the vivid green of the trees around the shining pond made a beautiful picture.
“I’m not the patient,” John said firmly, “You are. Did you have any…
Sitting on the log, he began to carve it into a facsimile of Mycroft’s pattern. Soon, he had lost himself in the pleasure of making. His knife was sharp and the wood was beautifully grained, and so the object took shape under his hands. He made the curve slightly more pronounced than originally intended, and lengthened the handle for greater manoeuvrability (and, he thought, because Sherlock Holmes was bloody tall).
"Currently an interjection," John said. "Could eventually be an order."
Sherlock breaks both house rules (“Don’t make more work for John” and “Don’t get injured”) as well as the third, unwritten rule (“Don’t ask about a relative stranger’s bowel movements”) in the first flush of his scientific enthusiasm.  John experiences more adrenaline in Sherlock’s first week than he has in the last two years put together. And a mama moose has a very nasty surprise.
“John!” Gratefully, John swivelled his head around and saw Will Lyons enter Lestrade’s yard. Raising two mental fingers to the Major… and pushing away guilty thoughts of Sherlock, John couldn't help but look Lyons over appreciatively. At nearly six feet tall, Lyons was well-muscled and handsome; his dark eyes, high cheekbones, and smooth skin spoke of his Chinese heritage.
He made his way to the bear and poked it with the empty gun to make sure it was dead.
Then, Sherlock halted suddenly, and John, being rather closer than he should have been, bumped into him.
Despite their early start, John and Sherlock were not the first men to arrive at the work bee on Saturday morning. There were three wagons in the yard and Lestrade’s spacious cabin was already bustling with women.
You may be unsuprised to learn I can do all the things above, though thankfully we DID have running water by the time I was old enough to help with the dairy work. And to be clear, our farm was really just a hobby farm (my parents were back-to-the-land hippies) so I wasn’t doing the kind of work my friends on real working farms were doing, but I definitely milked a lot of animals and did a lot of dishes. Also I really, really hate unpasteurized milk. Always have. It tastes like cows smell.
“Go ahead.” John didn’t want to go out there in case he never came back.
“In the sense that I will take you to bed so you’ll quit formulating unreasonable theories about the damn coffee cups, yes.”
"I see," Sherlock said. "Slave labour."
Sherlock was shocked to feel a prickle of tears in his eyes. Here he was, a nearly world-renowned scientist, and he could not strike a match in the dark. He struck his fist against the bench, sending matches flying every which way. He took another match, and another. Finally, one struck. He lit the candle, his hands shaking, and—blessedly—there was light.
“I’ll make supper,” he offered contritely.
(See the end of the chapter for
If you want to know what happens to the handmade prostate massager this is absolutely the chapter for you.
addressed to John himself.  Unable to contain his curiosity, John perched on the fence outside the post office and broke into the thick packaging. Inside he found a packet of tea—expensive tea, as predicted—some white sugar lumps, and a letter. He sighed.
“Just fuel, is it?” John said teasingly.
"I'll go," John already had the bucket in his hand. "D'you want to light the fire?"
It seemed to Sherlock as though the kiss would go on forever; everything receded around them, and it was though the sound of their kiss was the only thing in the forest.
“I should keep an eye on you. Do you want some water?”
It was as bad as he feared. An enormous bear had torn at the door of the barn and had lumbered in. The cacophony increased; the horses' frantic whinnying joined with the goats' distress noises. The smell of bear was everywhere.
“Yes.” Sherlock said, gravely. “Tea?”
and always willing to privilege intellect over instinct), “Your babies are perfectly safe.”
“Nobody is worse than the Widow Turner in that regard, the old fool, but it might be something like that. It will take bravery, though.”
“What fools we have been! But at least now I know how to soften your intransigeance.”
“You could dissect a hundred coyote-wolf hybrids here and nobody would object,” John said, waving his hand expansively, “Well, perhaps the animals themselves.”
“What if they don’t bite?”
“There’s nobody in my past,” Sherlock’s voice was curt but his face twisted, just a little. “Nobody.”
"Of course she wouldn't be sorry.  Of course she'd rather have you than all the Lestrades of any kind of a moon, with their moth-eaten traditions."
Neither of them slept that night.
He was still there when Sherlock got home, bright-eyed and disheveled, two large coffees in hand and a mysterious parcel under his arm. John stood and stretched, and went to relieve Sherlock of his burden.
“Don’t move,” he whispered along the line of John’s hip, and John’s helpless groan echoed in his ears.
John rolled his eyes. “Stop talking about my digestion. I only meant I’m damn glad to be out of salt pork.”
“The catch,” Sherlock said, “is that there’s no climaxing allowed.”
The car ride is long. They bond--John loves Guglielmo's cleverness, Guglielmo is fascinated by John. They share the picnic, dusty from the car ride. The waterfall is as beautiful as advertised. Guglielmo doesn’t stay in the car.
“This year. But what about the years to come? It’s all very well now, but we’ll bugger it up somehow, Sherlock, and then what?”
Near-perfect for John, that is, as he fought temptation daily. Seeing Sherlock bending over his notebooks, John would shove his hands into his pockets to avoid touching that long ivory neck. It was the price to be paid for diverting the looming spectre of romance and the inevitable heartbreak that would follow, and so he clenched his hands and held the beautiful evenings to himself as the highest happiness he might expect.
Angelo reappeared with a full plate.
"I could trade it to Mezenee, maybe. Actually, that's what I should do with the meat."
“It’s the perfect temperature,” he said, clearly delighted. “And good thing too. What do you suppose causes the staining?”
In case you get any idea that I am exaggerating even slightly about goats eating everything and being a pain in the ass, I promise I am not. I grew up on a farm and I can personally guarantee that goats are like that. Thankfully they’re also affectionate, adorable, and intelligent, and so it balances out. Mostly.
“It shouldn’t go to waste,” Sherlock said, and rolled up his sleeves.
"There are other possibilities," Sherlock said, and told him about Sally's reaction to him in the hallway.
“Don’t encourage her. She thinks she is people.”
"I can't think of anyone else," he said. It was frustrating.
“You could be pardoned for thinking Mycroft revolting, yes, but open defiance is not his style. Much too gauche. No, he simply took over. He directed, without actually seeming to direct, the school.”
Three deep breaths. He was safe, inside. He did not know why he was so afraid of bears; was it simply that they were the unknown? The solid, definite presence in the dark had had no shape or form; he had not seen, only heard and smelled, and the absence of complete perception had made him nervous. That, coupled with his overwhelming physical sensations, had left him feeling exposed and nowhere, as though his body were dissolving into the forest.  There had been no place for either rationality or science, and the immensity of what he could not perceive or know had shaken him profoundly.
John’s was a winner. Sherlock’s was not. John drew a shaky breath.
Sherlock looked away. Then he looked back.
“Fine. I’ll examine him. But you must abide by my decision.”
Sherlock turned to stare at John, openmouthed. John’s bravery had been uncomfortably devastating. What would his reaction be? Fear? Anger? Sherlock found himself unable to predict his reaction, and his interest was further piqued.
Sherlock said nothing, only pushed his bottom back towards John.
“Stop that,” John yanked Arthur’s reins as he slid off. Arthur snorted and danced back. “Sherlock, he’s in a bad way. Wouldn’t it be kinder to end it for him?”
“No! No, Sherlock, you are not abnormal.” John said, gently. “And I can help you. There’s another treatment, one that really is medical.”
"If he comes to harm, I won't be responsible. I don't have time to nursemaid anyone but my livestock and my land."
Success. Sherlock snorted despite himself.
Once again, I can’t guarantee an update next week. I hope to have something for you, but I’d rather wait and give you a good chapter than just drop something small.
“If that’s how you’re going to be,” he said, and went on to the shanty.
“You’d enjoy laying me out for burial. Give you something to talk about.”
"I see."
“Oh, don’t worry, practically everyone is.”
Then, Sherlock drew him into an awkward hug. John froze, but let himself be clasped to Sherlock’s body. His sensible self was screaming that he should retreat; his less sensible self reached out for the contact once again.
Sherlock watched him dig further into the dish. John felt a little self-conscious at the intensity of his gaze, but as he worked through the layers of buttery creamed spinach and rich bacon his eyes nearly rolled back in pleasure. He suppressed a groan as he spooned up the dregs of cream.
“Wait now. It’ll make you sick—no, it will—,” he said, when Sherlock made a moue that nearly undid him, “so lie back down.”
Come and visit me on tumblr, where I’m redscudery, or Twitter, where I go by @scudery. Thanks for reading!
“Right then. So what did you write back?” John asked, his own letters dangling from one hand.
“There are also cold potatoes.”
There! A trail, a real one. Sherlock’s large bootprint was clearly inscribed in the wet grass at the edge of the poplar woods. John followed with relief. Something Sherlock’s size through woods like these would be easy to trace, especially in a state of agitation Sherlock.
“Whoa, boy.” Arthur was not a nervous horse, but he was reluctant to slow; when he finally did stop at John’s command, he stood shifting uncomfortably.
"Ah, bravery. It is the kindest term for foolishness I know."
"Wonderful," John said, almost tartly. He was about to say that he was so glad he could satisfy Sherlock's scientific curiosity, but then Sherlock licked the drop from the tip of his cock, and all that came out of John's mouth was a long, low-pitched groan.
Neither the physician nor the manuals had covered the mechanics of relieving testicular congestion, but Mycroft Holmes had said it: pelvic massage. John reached for his one medical text, but all it contained was a brief summation of the results of congestion: “If the patient does not release his spend, a lingering heaviness, aching, or discomfort will result, causing restlessness, moroseness, and irritation of temper.” It certainly sounded like Sherlock.
“Must you call it that?”
“Thank you, I suppose,” John said, reaching for the full cup.
“Fine,” Sherlock sat back down, almost relieved. “I’ll wait.”
Thanks once again to girlwhowearsglasses, ellioop, turifer, and marigolds for reading and cheering me on. Doctornerdington, my main beta, has done her best to limit my lack of clarity and deserves all the thank-yous. All remaining idiocies are mine.
"It's safe," Sherlock said.
enough force to bloody a fox’s nose, Sherlock thought, as his breath left his body—and toppled him over the edge of the shanty. Sherlock made a grab for the roof but was unable to secure a grip.  He fell to the ground feet first, but his left foot hit a stick and he rolled over on his ankle and hit the ground like a felled tree, still breathless.
(See the end of the chapter for
There, however, he ran into greater trouble; the ground was wet still, and his plough stuck fast. Encourage the oxen as he might, swear at the mud as he did, nothing would move it--he would have to dig it out, and quickly, if he wanted to sow his wheat in time. It was the only cash crop he grew, and he needed a large yield if he hoped to free himself from the clutches of Mycroft Holmes as quickly as possible.
As he led Arthur to drink, he surveyed the garden. It was looking lusher than he’d ever seen it; Sherlock had spent a remarkable number of hours planting, weeding and fencing (to keep out the goats, although that had met with limited success). It was almost as though Sherlock had invested in his farm with him, and the thought gave him a pleasant glow. Perhaps he had been alone too long and a friend, a real friend, was what he needed.
“Mr. Holmes…” John objected, realizing suddenly, that he would spend much too long answering these questions, if he let himself. Why did he wish so to recount the mundane details of his life to someone who barely acknowledged his response? Perhaps it was simply to watch the speed of his mind; Sherlock had drawn no conclusions since his adroit deduction of John’s thought processes the first night, but that had already created in John a desire to see and know more. Furthermore, Sherlock’s all-encompassing interest was a heady thing. His face, already handsome, was transformed by his passion.
Sherlock smiled, but said nothing.
He was fooling himself, though. No labour could take this deep heavy desire from him.
He settled himself on a boulder near where John was working, pen poised. John hefted his axe and, planting his feet in the wet bottom of the swamp, swung at an angle. The axe struck, sending sprays of bark into the air. Sherlock caught one and set it aside for later study; he did not want to miss the first cuts. They began broadly, at fifteen or twenty degrees, an inch or two at a time, and then John began to cut sharper angles, pulling out flat chunks of wood with a breathtaking efficiency.
John felt another urge for paper and pen. He desperately wanted to record the inky blackness above him, full of possibilities. He frowned his twitching fingers away, though, and willed himself to remember the sentences he was composing in his mind.
“Her passion for justice was stronger than her love for you.” Sherlock felt a pang stating it so baldly, but he had heard too much pain in John’s voice to be gentle with Mary’s ghost.
"You are touching me," John gasped.
“So,” Sherlock said, holding up two hands. “Whichever shall I use?”
won't take us long to get ready.  There are only Douglas Watson's books and his few personal belongings to pack.”
The next day was fine as well, and John was on the road early. He stopped at Lestrade's, who needed tea and paper, then went to Mrs. Hudson's and the Widow Donovan's; they had no requests but all were quite happy to see him--including Higgins the billy goat, Harry's nemesis. So effusive were their welcomes, particularly Mrs. Hudson's, that he barely escaped being fed scones and kept late. At the bridge, he passed by Stamford's, but Stamford was out on a call. John watered the horse and continued.
Though all was calm inside, it was not so outdoors. The cabin did shake that night with the first great summer storm, and the enormous cedar at the edge of the swamp had been knocked down.
“Try me,” Sherlock said. His hands were shaking. He could see John’s weight start to shift towards him; blood rushed to his lips and his cock as John’s body—when had he ever thought John slight?—pressed into him.
“I daren’t. You’re a good man, Sherlock Holmes,” he said, knowing it was too little. He felt something inside himself crack.
"If you want."
“N..ah.. none of your buithiness,” he said.
“It’s because you’re an idiot.”
“It is thirty minutes on the clock since we began this little…discussion.”
John looked at him, sharply.
As always, my main beta, doctornerdington, and my other readers marigolds, turifer, ellioop, and girlwhowearsglasses, are the best. I am also so grateful to all of you that are reading and commenting. You're super funny and your comments are amazing.
"I can protect myself," Sherlock said, divining his thoughts.
“Yes, sorry,” John replied, drawing a full, unfettered breath. “Thank you, Sherlock. You’re a good friend.”
we still have a rogue bear problem, not to mention a deranged lumberjack at large, and I can’t go anywhere with you before the potatoes are done.”
“I will not.”
“Nothing could make me think less of you.”
“One more song,” Sherlock said, catching his arm and pulling him in. John was caught off-balance and bumped against Sherlock’s chest. Another whiff of Sherlock’s hot body and the feel of his damp skin under the string vest was too much for him. He yanked his arm away. He wasn’t going to do this.
“A pair bond?”
“You could at least have brought home coffee,” John said mildly. He waded through the cups to drop a kiss on Sherlock’s head, then went to the kitchen to see if they had either coffee or cream.
Sherlock shivered again, pursing his lips.
"Are you quite through?" said the vision.
. It would be quite all right.
He could hear John shouting behind him. How extraordinary that John had not devised a better method of catching escaped caprines than chasing them very slowly.
John took a swig of his rum. A feeling of well-being that had nothing to do with alcohol settled over him. For some reason all these people gathered together, each odd in their own way, felt more like home than any place he’d ever been.
He had known that would happen. And right now, he could not regret it. He bent to kiss Sherlock's open mouth.
“You did your best. You did your best, and now you’re here with me.”
The clouds covering the moon had slid away while they were kissing, and in the brighter light, the woods were thrown into greater relief. Birch trunks shone like lanterns; spruce trees shone like feathers.
“Very well. Have tea.”
“Really, Sherlock? Do you think you can outsmart Arthur?” Despite his annoyance, John grinned as warring expressions met on Sherlock’s face.
, Sherlock.”
“As is yours, doctor…dear.”
John, still picking, watched him indulgently.
For a moment, the only sound in the room was the wet sound of the massager working back and forth, but before more than a minute or two passed, it was broken by Sherlock’s low groan. John felt it in his fingertips as the utterance shook Sherlock’s body. Suddenly, the situation seemed urgent; the scent of heat and arousal filled the room, and then Sherlock was convulsing with another strangled groan. John watched, openmouthed; there was no longer clear fluid dripping from Sherlock’s cock, but drips of white spunk.
“They’re very fond of each other, very protective. They dislike being separated. However, they do disagree, particularly when food or goslings are involved.”
John kicked Arthur up and had gone halfway out of the clearing when he realized that neither Idiot Horse nor Sherlock was with him. Cursing the fog of alcohol in his brain, he wheeled Arthur around.
"Have you,” she said. It was not a question.
“Not a good marriage, then?”
“I see,” he said, licking his lips. “But isn’t that a bit, er, fun for your challenges? Where’s the catch?”
“He’s handsome, your man,” the boy said. John jumped.
Philemon set up a loud honking, and before Sherlock could move to observe him more carefully, Pierrette was behind him, hissing. He tried to stand but could not—damn ankle—and so was forced to crawl away from her threatening beak. He could not crawl away fast enough to avoid several sharp blows to his shins.
“Interesting that the larger goose takes precedence—the male? Is it to protect the female?”
"He didn't really want to, Dr. Watson. But the man insisted, and he paid so much that Lestrade said we were honour-bound to deliver it on time, as long as I promised to follow the line all the way. It wasn't so bad, you know, on our side, but your line road was real snowy."
Outside, it was very dark. The slight breeze did little to dispel the still-oppressive heat. They walked briskly, still hand-in-hand, and said little. “There’s a storm coming,” Sherlock said.
God, John thought, his smile.
“Healthy enough, but you could be healthier. Ergo, patient. I worked for this land and I still have to defend it!”
“Hogwash.”
Or, with Mary.
“Make clean piles,” John called, knowing it was futile, and slung his axe over his shoulder. He turned towards the bush and began clearing some smaller trees away.
“So I should be more careful about actually treating you?”
“You want me…to do to you what I did to myself. In the barn.”
Sherlock was suddenly seized with an impulse to find him, to touch him. To bring him to the same marvelous feeling (How long would it take? Surely not long, despite Sherlock’s lack of expertise); to collapse in his arms (Would it feel better than being in John’s arms when he was cold and miserable? Almost certainly.). There were so many possibilities, scientific and non. His cock throbbed.
John let his rifle fall and reached into his pocket, but Sherlock was already there, tugging at it. John stayed still, bemused.  Arthur, unamused by Sherlock’s proximity, aimed a bite at the back of Sherlock’s coat. Sherlock, completely focused on gathering up the squirrel, did not notice.
“Are you gritting your teeth? Fascinating. You ought to let me measure your tooth enamel.”
“People died,” he said, “You felt responsible. But it wasn’t your fault.”
“How do you know I didn’t do those dishes?”
“Well!” Sherlock remembered their soft muzzles and beautiful liquid eyes. “I wonder if a young moose could be raised by humans and thus be smarter.”
Since when had he been afraid of the woods, he wondered to himself. Never before had he felt so exposed in Canada—India had been a different story, with its unfamiliar vegetation and fauna—but Canada? Never. Until now, fear had seemed a long-ago thing, the well of terror run dry after the siege of Agra and Sholto’s decay. Why, now had a fresh spring risen up to plague him?
“He started it,” Sherlock said sulkily.
"Only--and I cannot emphasize this enough--only--if you wash very thoroughly afterwards," John said.
“Crabby old bat,” Sarah said affectionately.
He sighed. He wasn’t an animal; he was a rational being. Once per fortnight was perfectly adequate in order to avoid congestion of the testes. More than that was sheer indulgence, and so required a simple test of will to control his frequency.
“If we start the two piles at once, I can measure burn rates. There’s tinder at the base of each one. Do hurry up!”
I think that’s it! Let me know if you have any questions or comments, or if you see any typos.
“Nice little ride,” John remarked.
“Sherlock, I spent months in Afghanistan, often too fucking scared or tired or sandy to get off. I have this in the bag.”
Other things I'm not sorry about: Lestrade & Mrs. Hudson getting it on.
“You’re a pretty soft touch for such a contrary bastard,” John said.
"Did you refuse?"
He warmed the grease in his left hand and coated the length of his cock with it. His heart rate was increasing, he noted, and his cock thickening. As he grasped his whole shaft, he felt it fill more in his palm. His belly tightened.
“Oh really?” John said, and stood up. It was ridiculously satisfying to tower over Sherlock for a moment. Sherlock, a saucy smile curved his pillowy lips, looked up at him with a nonchalance that could only be feigned. And yet how John would love to wipe that look from his face!
"It wasn't really--no pump, you understand--but the ventilation was adequate. If he had let me add a laboratory space to the house, there would have been no issue at all."
“You drank the whole pot.”
“The game, John, is on. Look, can you take a couple of days off? It looks like there are a string of unusual vandalism cases down towards Sudbury.”
“I know you do. In any case, yes, that’s it—the tool, lubricated, presses on the prostate, resulting in drainage of the fluid that causes congestion. It may cause a slight discomfort, but you should feel some relief.”
Well, not exactly. They’d eaten at the mess or with her father more often than not during their marriage; Mary had never been one for domestic joys, not that he blamed her. She had been much more interested in those of the flesh. He recalled her laid out before him, pink and laughing on crumpled sheets. He remembered another, darker pleasure: more flesh, harder flesh…Sholto…
He was just standing in kitchenwares, contemplating spiralizers, when Sherlock came around the corner, two coffees in hand and a smile on his face.
"I'll help you sure enough, but can't stay. I have a pressing appointment over in North River. I just came by to deliver a parcel."
“Bloody horse,” he said, as Idiot Horse (because of course it was she who had sneaked up behind him to watch the action) nudged him in a friendly manner.
“I have rarely tried to forget something more quickly.” Sherlock drawled.
Then, summer slows. John carries that first poem everywhere. Olive oil gets made. Hogs are slaughtered.
“Please don’t say that. Not yet.”
The next day dawned bright and fresh, and John woke with a new sense of purpose. He was here, so here he would stay, and his first order of business was to find Eva and make sure she had had something to eat.
Thanks once again to girlwhowearsglasses, ellioop, turifer, and marigolds for reading and cheering me on. Doctornerdington, my main beta, has done her best to limit my lack of clarity and deserves all the thank-yous. All remaining idiocies are mine.
So right away Guglielmo stands out because he's pale as a lily and thin; John starts watching him. Not out of prurient interest, at first, but because he's so different. But then his hair lengthens, his skin becomes golden, and the muscles on his back and legs get more and more defined.
“A little more, then.” His whole finger was inside Sherlock now. Sherlock was hot, overheated, even and his body was slick and tight. John slid his finger out a little, then in again, feeling the muscle relax by tiny increments. Sherlock’s breathing was slightly more sterterous than it had been, and John cursed himself that he had not thought to auscultate Sherlock’s lungs before starting.
“Thank you,” Sherlock murmured, his lips brushing John’s temple.
“They’re not greasy.”
This time, Sherlock’s lower half rocked back and his torso emerged from the pile with an unpleasant squelch. He gained enough freedom to put his knee down, and John removed his hand from the fabric of Sherlock’s trousers with alacrity.
"I'll have to turn in," he said, stretching. His shoulder pained him, with all the shoveling, though he knew he would have to do more tomorrow.
They swim, bare limbs shining in the sun. They are both wearing white drawers and those drawers are thinner than they expected and they come together like magnets in the summer dusk. They make out. There is beard burn along Guglielmo’s neck and thighs. John’s jaw aches from rimming him.
“Hey, it’s better science because it’s a bigger sample size. Plus, honestly, it gives you a greater chance of winning, because I’m so frustrated I’m likely to go off like a shot if you have six minutes to put your hands on me.”
"You'll take this back for me, yeah?" he said, and reached for the checkerboard.
“Arsehole,” he said mildly, and they both laughed.  Sherlock’s face transformed when he smiled; his somewhat forbidding aspect melted away to make him…not more handsome, but certainly very appealing. A little like Ja—no. John would not set his thoughts that way.
“Why not now?”
“And here I thought you’d left in a hurry because I was so terrible,” Sherlock said, all in a rush, then instantly regretted it.
“For God’s sake don’t wriggle,” he admonished. “If you fall sideways we’re both done for. Just let me pull you up to your knees.”
“What…oh, thank you.”
“It takes relatively little effort to fry salt pork, and I will have to serve salt pork because I can’t go outside and find a dead coyote. Although I will say that goose sounds good.” Sherlock said dryly.
Harry and Clara's escape touches off a wild chain of events: manure piles, and unexpected tumbles, mud fights and erections, fallen trees, and some very special carving. Sherlock tries to learn about axe cuts but discovers something rather more troubling.
The rejected title for this chapter was “Hello Hot Stranger Who Is Definitely Not Hysterical.”
"Medical treatment? Is that why he chose you? Well,” Holmes said, hesitating, “That, and the fact that this area isn’t in any electoral district, so the political repercussions of my presence are minimized."
“That’s an interesting distinction—
“That was a bear.”
“You can’t do it, you know.” John said, his voice normal now. “I won’t allow you to provoke me into doing what I know to be wrong.”
“And you have to make both indoors and outdoors uninhabitable?”
No. Best not to go down that road.
Honestly I called this chapter “Famous Hot Mess” for about two months but eventually decided I could have called it “Hot Lips.”
“I’m your friend.”
“It was good,” Sherlock said, wiping his hands on the grass. “But there’s no need to be so smug.”
“Until next fall.”
After dinner, he saw his father had fallen asleep, and so he decided to go up to the spruce barrens. Predictably, the Widow Turner grumbled, but didn’t prevent him.
"I see you've been keeping tidy," he said, a grin stretching out his broad, cherubic face as he eyed John's mud-streaked chest.
“How big will you make it?”
The grip on his shirt did not slacken.
Note: I also learned that facial hair was compulsory in the British military between 1860 and 1916.  Colour me shocked. Colour Sherlock aroused. http://uk.businessinsider.com/from-1860-1916-the-british-army-required-every-soldier-to-have-a-mustache-2015-10
When he opened his eyes, the barn wall was striped with white, and Clara was staring at him. He felt the judgment in her glare was well-deserved.
"And he's handsome too," Mrs. Hudson added. "Lushest arse I've seen in an age."
Fresh bear scat, with that tang that made it clear that this was a large male bear and that he had been eating meat. Dangerous, then, and close by. Nodding at Sherlock, John pivoted and began to retrace his steps. Sherlock, normally noisy in the woods, followed in silence.
The raspberry patch was a warm yellow-green in the hot summer sun. Raspberries hung thick and bright all over.
And then he saw that Stamford was not alone. There was a woman beside him, and another woman—no, a young boy, as well.
“He’s not…”
John’s fingers came to Sherlock’s jaw, the lightest touch. Like magnets, they drew him down towards the sound of John’s breath. Sherlock did not tremble, but it was a near thing.
“Wake up, John. We are in Canada. I am Sherlock, not Sholto. Wake up. You’re safe.”
“I just hope this roof doesn’t blow off,” he said. Part of the shanty roof had done, once, and he’d spent a very uncomfortable night.
John exhaled shakily.
Even the brush of that flesh, through trousers, was enough to enflame him. John took a lungful of manure-heavy air, braced his feet once more, and pulled.
"Oh. Yes." Sherlock said.
“Dogs die. People die.” Sherlock rolled over and stood up. “Let’s go to the southeastern ravine.” John followed, the taste of strawberries suddenly bitter in his mouth.
He won twice--another donut, and a cup of coffee.
“She does. Can’t stand to have him touch Clara. But her body needs his, and she knows it. Oh yes,” Mrs. Hudson practically twinkled, “She’s eager and angry. That’s why we need two people.”
“I’m hoping it’s aimed at the two of us.” John squared his shoulders. “If it’s aimed at me, I’ll be a damned mess. If it’s aimed at you, I’ll be…” he gulped, “worried. We can deal with this, the two of us.”
“I said it was none of your business, and I meant it.” John walked faster.
“Not tonight. And not when it’s about luck rather than skill.”
“That’s not what my study yesterday suggests.”
“Frustrating. I need more data but the dog team is out of town. So I came to be distracted.”
John did not answer.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well.” Mrs. Hudson said, having tied Frank to the wagon. “Plenty of excitement as always. Sherlock, are you quite all right?”
“Come on, Sherlock, I know you’re cold, and tired, and you want to sleep, but you need it.” John untangled his legs and sat up himself. Sherlock’s eyes were still closed, but in the firelight John could see that his skin no longer looked so waxy.
“We were taught at home. And the only friend I had was a dog, and he died when I was small.”
“He is that. Look, Greg,” John searched for the right words, “we’ve had something rather odd happen.” At Lestrade’s concerned nod, he told him everything, from the first fallen tree, to the dead squirrel, to the final creepy horror of the straw dog.
“Of course. The onions and peas are in, and the lettuce too. Too cold for anything else still.”
“And he was lost? Killed?”
"No, but I was supposed to do this to you." John did not quite know how to address this sudden, wholehearted embrace of carnality on Sherlock's part.
Sherlock did not come out to him that day, but John, fired by nervous energy, finished the potatoes and started on a new patch of clearing. He should really have begun to mend Jack’s harness, he thought, but going back into the cabin before supper seemed impossible with that apparatus tucked uneasily into his lunch things.
"Awful," John replied, but he wasn't so sure he meant it. The man’s manners were off-putting, but since it absolved him of any pretense at social niceties, it was something a relief, all told.
"It's very difficult to leave the battlefield to have a wank."
Next week is another HUGE and delicious chapter. I'm super excited for you to read it. I will say that I might have to skip a week after that because I'm not entirely finished Chapter 13.  I'm hoping to get it done but the term has started and I'm working 80-hour weeks for the next few weeks.
“You have no scientific basis for that statement.”
“No--no!”  Uncle Gregory should not, could not see it. It would be like showing himself naked, John thought, and he simply could not do it. John turned and ran to the kitchen stove, cramming the book in. “How dare you!” Uncle Gregory shouted, following him at a run. He grabbed John by the collar too late.
John followed Sherlock’s tracks to the edge of Scotch Bush road, but chose his entrance to the woods carefully, about six paces from the crushed grass that indicated Sherlock’s path. He had taken care to walk without breaking trees, John noted with a slight approval, but was still incredibly easy to track by any standards, the great git.
John looked at him.
“It doesn’t make sense!” he said at last, kicking the settle.
“I want to be sure you’re all right. It’s no joke falling like that. You’re sure you didn’t lose consciousness?”
“Don’t get completely clean,” John warned, and Sherlock spun back to him.
“I’m going to take my finger out, and put the tool in, Sherlock.” John kept his voice steady. Sherlock nodded acquiescence and sighed as John slid his finger gently out. He spread Sherlock’s cheeks and set the blunt tip of the greased massager to the charge.
“It didn’t even improve the quality of instruction that much.” Sherlock was disdainful. “When I was there, it was still appalling.”
“Our commander. Strict, but good. He walked the line between duty and compassion better than anyone I’ve ever known. The betrayal of our regiment finished him.”
He breathed out. Two
He scrawled his name and sealed the letter, smiling; the lack of capital letters in the postscript was quite the right touch. And his salamanders would be useful here; he thought they might be slightly different than the ones in John’s lake, and it would be worth comparing.
Then, on one more cold day,  he meets Mike Stamford on a park bench.
“Mine or yours? It can’t be both of us; we barely know each other.”
Themselves. He knew, of course, that John would hire Dimmock on in a moment if for some horrible reason he lost his place with Lestrade, but it was oddly comforting to think that he himself would be part of the decision. That, and the three kisses between them, suggested a certain relational solidity that left Sherlock suffused with warmth. Their pair bond was coming along nicely, really.
, his traitorous mind supplied—“You’re coming with me, and you’re staying on the home quarter until you can be bloody trusted!”
Uncle Gregory stared.
“The one and only.”
“Are you taking my name in vain?” came a gentle, laughing voice. A slender woman, with dark hair and black eyes came into the kitchen, her apron laden with eggs. She was about to say something else when she caught sight of Sherlock and shut it again. Her face closed in on itself and she took a half-step backwards.
“So you like him.”
He waited. One beat, two, until Sherlock turned his head to look to his left. He leaped out of the water and struck: two enormous balls of mud hit Sherlock in the curls and the other hit his shoulder blade.
Sherlock was about to open his mouth to ask another question, but John forestalled him.
Their cart had attracted a plastic sled, a new, large knife (John was entirely unsure about that purchase) and some floating pool darts by the time they had finished their coffees, nearly simultanously. John popped off his lid and bit the cardboard open; Sherlock unsheathed the new knife (“That’s very illegal, Sherlock.” “Don’t care”) and sliced two neat lines, as usual.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I thought you would fish. I will take specimens.”
“If she’s wanting to be bred, I am of no interest to her.”
“Was that someone hurting you?” John asked.
Another bleat, and the rattle of the door stopped his daydreaming. He rose, and went slowly to the door, but Sherlock reached it first, clearly alarmed by the intensity of Harry’s cries. They were truly impressive to someone unused to her resilient vocal cords, not to mention her sheer evil genius. The word “wait” was on John’s lips, but it was too late. Sherlock had flung open the door and was yelling.
Warning for Sherlock feeling ashamed of his desire in the latter part of the chapter. Tags are updated through Chapter 12.
Finally up on the roof of the shanty, Sherlock marked his position meticulously and stabilized himself before opening the hissing bag. He had measured Philemon’s wingspan at nearly two yards, and while he would not be able to avoid the beats entirely, he could minimize their effect by being prone on the roof as he liberated the goose. Then, he hoped, he could see just how well geese could problem-solve, and possibly estimate the force of the wings as well.
"I feel muscle tension. Elevated breathing and heart rate. My cock..." he gestured, "there's prostate fluid emerging." There was, John saw, and his own cock jumped. Then he shook himself and focused.
“Mary!”
He was a bad man. A very bad man, and yet he did not stop, instead imagining himself settling between those lush arse cheeks, stretching Sherlock and filling him, making him cry out, and leaving him soft and pliant, afterwards. Heat curled through him, and his crisis came quickly, a shudder of sharp relief.
They crawled around along the edge of the wood for some time. Then, Sherlock gave a great shout; when John got to him, he was pointing ecstatically at the bole of a slim poplar.
Sarah rolled her eyes but pushed the bowl towards Sherlock and went to wash her hands at the pump. Sherlock followed to wash his own.
“I told you there were bears,” John said, as he drew as level as he could, considering the circumstances.
"Excuse me," said a woman's voice, John turned and saw a tall, statuesque woman, beautifully dressed.
"Burn mostly birch wood?" came his muffled voice.
, his inner voice reminded him.     “Shut up,” he said.
However, as he discovered, she was faster than she looked, and even his top speed (10% higher over unploughed ground, he estimated) was insufficient. He had closed the gap somewhat, but she remained stubbornly just out of arm’s reach.
“Of course. Provide a little balance.” She winked.
The next morning was fine again, and John, after a good sleep, set off for the barn work full of confidence and Mrs. Hudson’s scones. Sherlock had waved them away, being neck-deep in notebooks and—John had not looked too closely—some organic substance. He scanned the yard; nothing out of place. Clara was round, Harry was round and loud, and Arthur was visibly pleased to see him without Sherlock in tow.
Damn. Sherlock held Mycroft’s missive between thumb and finger like a particularly distasteful specimen. What was that ruthless cake fucker doing now? Meddling, that was certain. He turned on his heel and returned inside.
The riding crop is put to good use. They won’t be needing two bedrooms.
John ducked himself again, holding his breath until his lungs strained and his body shivered of its own accord. He came to the surface gasping. As he dried himself with his shirt, forcing himself to go slowly, he resolved to right himself. He could be a professional, and a friend to the man, and he could control his base urges. He was not an animal, after all. He would master himself, and Sherlock Holmes too, and he would begin now. John dried his body with his shirt, covered himself, and stumped towards the house.
Sherlock seemed to take the sound of encouragement.  He stroked again, revealing the head, and then, after admiring, took the whole thing in his mouth. John arched his back, trying his best not to push into the divine warmth. The drag of Sherlock's lips on his most sensitive skin was more sensation than he had ever dreamed.
“It’s all right, John. It’s all right. You did what you could.”
“Are we going?” Sherlock asked.
I think that’s it! Let me know if you have any questions or comments, or if you see any typos.
Still, he thought, it was not a risky procedure, and if it did not work there would only be perhaps some small depletion in energy for the patient, easily remedied with fresh air and perhaps a balsam tonic.
John scrubbed his hands through his hair and sighed. Maybe he should let Sherlock try and experiment on the geese. It'd be no more than he deserved.
“What can you do, John?” Sherlock was hovering anxiously over him. Arthur, his ears flat back, followed reluctantly.
“Tea, Sherlock,” he said.  No response. He had joked, last week, that all it took was the word “tea” to wake Sherlock from a deep slumber. He had complained, actually, because his teapot was too small for more than two cups, and he’d missed having two to himself. Today, he wished that his complaint were true; he’d give so much, he thought, to have Sherlock sit up and beckon imperiously. He set the cup on his trunk and shook Sherlock. Still no response.
“What?”
“I wish I could,” he said, and ran.
“What do you think is in his glass?” John asked. He’d seen Cyrus wink at Greg.
“Right.”
“Holmes!” John barked, grabbing Sherlock’s shoulder.
“We’ll be finished before you know it,” John said, not untruthfully, “It’s going quickly. Thank you, Mrs. Hudson.” He looked away from Greg to thank Mrs. Hudson for serving him from a massive bowl of potatoes.
Sherlock shook his head, slightly. He really could not, not yet.
The moose did not stop advancing, and her ears did not even flicker towards him. A bad sign. He felt a flush of adrenaline urging him to fly, not fight. He took hold of himself.
"Of course."
“He’s a horse.”
For a long time after that, John only muttered and thrashed. His feet came loose from the blankets; Sherlock could see the sheen of perspiration on his forehead.
Dimmock was huddled by the fire when John came back in; John shook the snow out of his boots and gave the boy a blanket and some warmed-over tea.
“Until next fall.”
“Outbreak of something?” John asked.
“Bloody buggering
“After that, no. He was taken to the infirmary, of course, with wounds, and he slept for three days. When he woke…there was nothing. He wasn’t himself. I took him back to his quarters but he wouldn’t eat, or sleep, or talk. He…” John’s voice cracked, “he
The breathing control must have worked because in time, John slept. He must have; the fire was much lower the next time he opened his eyes. Sherlock had moved, too; he was on his back now, with only one leg thrown over John’s still. The wind whistled around the cabin.
“For goodness sakes,” Mrs. Hudson tutted. “You young people are so staid.”
The Lestrades debate John's future, with help from John.
“A terrified genius.”
"I know enough."
“Thank you.” Two small words, but Sherlock felt as though they spoke more than he could have ever dreamed of.
Thanks for all the awesome comments. You guys have made me laugh so much and I so appreciate you taking the time to write feedback.
In the end, John did not say much to Sherlock that day. He had seen him, at a distance, returning to the house with two empty teacups and a thoughtful expression some time after John had taken bread and cheese and gone to his potatoes. John subsumed himself in the hoeing; he had lost at least two days of work with the mysteries plaguing them, and he desperately needed to make it up.
Sherlock, oddly, did not exclaim either, looking at him with a strained expression that John put down to the extreme mortification relative to their circumstances. He was about to open his mouth to say … well, what, he did not know, but something, when Sherlock held a shaking hand to his lips. Then, he pointed to his nose. John inhaled.
“About two miles apart, though—which means nothing, as ursine and human digestive processes are different. I didn’t think to collect samples,” Sherlock said. “It would have allowed us to see how many
After all, he had resolved not to think about the impending arrival of his would-be patient. The fence adjoining the barn had sustained a greater than usual amount of damage in the last big storm, and Harry, followed by Clara, had been roaming at will, which was dangerous not only for the hardy pea shoots and onion sets in the kitchen garden, but also for John's clothes, both in and out of the house.
"You are uniquely qualified."
John shivered and blinked. He bit his lip again and tasted blood.
"Water?" John asked, and Sherlock jumped. He looked nervous.
John’s voice rose, pleasant, to greet Dimmock, but Sherlock blocked it out of his consciousness. Tossing John’s letters on a chair, he threw himself onto the settle and turned the letter over in his hand. Written in a hurry, sent express (which meant individual courier, but even Mycroft’s individual couriers wouldn’t come to Scotch Bush). He’d probably want an answer.
The drawers puddled at Sherlock’s feet. John draped Sherlock’s arm around his shoulders and pivoted him towards the back of the cabin.
"That," Sherlock said, with his hands now full of John's arse, "will take too long. Don't you have a post-stress reaction that verges on the sexual?"
His thoughts were disrupted by Sherlock’s sharp intake of breath. Immediately, a charge of adrenaline animated him and he reached for the rifle slung across his back. He was just about to cock the hammer when he saw the object of Sherlock’s attention: a dead squirrel lying on the path.
By the time the sun was midway to the zenith, John was halfway through the enormous tree. He paused to remove his shirt, wiping the sweat from his forehead at the same time.  Sherlock sat as though he was one with the granite upon which he sat: hard everywhere and entirely immobile. He could not ask to measure John’s bicep again now.
“I can, I know it. Maybe you should know the worst.”
I’m so nervous for the next chapter, you have no idea.
Still, John was also flabbergasted by the improvement Sherlock’s scientific energy brought to his life. He, at least, ate better, and the plants Sherlock brought in added sorely needed variety to their meagre spring meals.
anything?” Sherlock had taken the news of the accident with an odd combination of concern and disinterested fascination. He had stopped in the middle of cooking bannocks and was now pacing around the cabin, his hair in wild disarray, questioning John about each detail a second time. John, toasting his face and the neglected bannocks in front of the fire, suspected there would be at least a third time.
He took three entirely involuntary steps back, then stopped
“You like that,” John said, doing it again.
he thought.
“Ah…” Sherlock’s response was barely audible—John would have to look. Holding the tool in place, he took a small step back and squatted, at eye level with Sherlock’s arse and cock.
Sherlock did not know what was so intoxicating about John's personal odour--some pheromone, most likely, though there would have to be a significant analysis--but he was undoubtedly affected. He licked up along the inside of the bicep, letting the acrid salt dissolve on his tongue. The texture of John's skin was so soft and fine but also unutterably masculine.
“Okay, fine. But I’m unrolling now.”
“Sherlock,” John remonstrated.
I'm going to thank you guys reading and commenting now, too, because you're such an encouragement. I <3 you, thank you so much.
“I do breathe them in. Every day. And you look like you’ve been breathing pure strawberries.” John dangled a strawberry over Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock laughed and made a grab for it, but John eluded him. “No, you can’t have it. I’m picking for the future.”
Sally put the lid back on the beans with a clang that made them all jump.
Joe took a sip and made a face. “I’d rather cold tea. This tastes like medicine.”
John kept his hands obediently above his head, and a thrill shot through Sherlock at his obedience.
“Er,” John’s breath had caught. Sherlock was looking up through his eyelashes, his lips plump and slightly open, and it was unbearably distracting. “I’m sure. How,” he said, taking a firmer breath, “did you manage to stumble upon the babies in the first place?”
Sherlock set his face mulishly, but John raised a firm hand. “It’s simply impossible. And if you do it, I will send you back to your brother. This person is trying to scare us, not hurt us; the best thing we can do is,” here, he nerved himself, and lied to Sherlock, “go about our business. This person will show themselves again, and we will have more information.”
“You’ve never had a lover. I can’t be the first!”
“Shift yourself, you ridiculous beast,” John said, elbowing Idiot Horse out of the way. He grasped Sherlock under the arm and pulled, and Sherlock rose, a little unsteadily.
"If we can't eat it, let's go. Your worm units are weakening by the second."
“Yeah.” John frowned.
Bears that eat a lot of meat aren’t inherently dangerous (bears that eat a lot of garbage, on the other hand…). This is a “for the purposes of the story” detail.
He came back to see that Sherlock had the whole tree out of the fire. With his hands on the unburned bark, he was looking over each inch of the tree carefully, from bottom to top.
He focused again. Her cap told him she was a widow—the Widow Donovan, so obvious now. She lived with Mrs. Hudson, but despite Sherlock’s several visits he had never met her. That had been deliberate on her part, he saw now.
“I want you to mark me,” Sherlock whispered, against his lips. “Let me feel you.” John sat up and took off his own shirt first. He reached up and stretched, letting his own heartbeat slow a little, moving so slowly that Sherlock wriggled with impatience.
“Sexual release,” John said, using his doctor’s voice “is an important aspect of men’s health. If you are not experiencing, er, emissions every fortnight or so, there is danger of testicular congestion.”
He could leave again in the fall, and he would be much less troublesome—in theory. What he would be returned to the confines of city life might not be the complete Sherlock Holmes, John mused, but he would have vented his excess energy and perhaps acquired more—some, at least—salutary habits.
Christ, he thought, as he stood up and saw that his cock was pushing out of his flies. He pushed it back in, and even that small contact made his breath short. He felt his assessment of himself as a rational man slip a notch or two.
Douglas Watson lived only another week, but it was a full and beautiful week, with no sadness to taint it. He died so quietly and easily that John did not know he was gone until he suddenly felt the strange stillness of the room--there was no breathing in it but his own. John closed the navy eyes and touched the pale brow with love, and though he felt keenly the emptiness of his new world, he was grateful for his father’s peaceful exit.
“Yes,” he said. It was not an expression of desire.
“There is no evidence to demonstrate that you can.”
“You kicked over the traces.”
“Come on, John. I can do nothing more here. I’ll go over my measurements at home.”
He would hold fast, he told himself, but still, Lestrade’s barn raising could not come soon enough. A change of scene would do them both good.
“A post mortem.” Sherlock strode towards the settle. “It’ll give us plenty of information.”
“I would have thought you’d be more concerned about Mycroft’s bad opinion,” he said, stepping back.
Sherlock took it wordlessly and crouched by the nearest pile of logs, assessing the new coals as they glowed. He selected a space carefully and held out the cheese, warming it on each side.
Until it wasn’t.
“Bloody buggering fuck,” he exclaimed. He raised his head—from Sherlock’s armpit—and glared at the door.
"I have barn work to do, now. Will you help me, or will you wash up?"
He was close to something when his agitated lungs drew in the ripe tang of feces, so heavy in the air he could not take a breath that was untainted. The sudden onslaught tripped the rest of his senses, and he became aware of an odd stillness. He froze, cock still in hand, until the quiet was broken by a grunt, a snuffle, and a series of crashes in the underbrush.
So THIS is the chapter that should be called “Bears That Aren’t There (except they are)” but honestly I just said “fuck it” and called it “Raspberry Parfait” because they pick raspberries and everything is perfect. Then it isn’t. But it’s a bilingual pun, however weak, and that’s the way it’s going to be.
As summer wanes, the olives fruit on the tree. John has a handful of pages of a terrible memoir and a raging crush on Guglielmo. Guglielmo is not immune. He notices the bearded, angry man in the shade by the farmhouse. One day he spills water on his bare ankles. On purpose.
John definitely did not look at his arse. Instead, he sipped his tea and looked out of the window. He was a rational man, he thought to himself.
A pretty mystery, and one that needed to go back to Sherlock Holmes as quickly as possible. With a last glance around the base of the tree for tracks, John went back to a grateful Arthur and, with heightened alertness, pointed the cart towards home and Sherlock.
“John Watson, do you hear what I say?  Give me that book--at ONCE.”
“Ah. Well. Look, I don’t gratify the urges partly because I don’t know the protocol.”
“I have every faith in Dr. Stamford,” she said, finally, lifting her chin.
A short 'baa' brought John back to his purpose. Clara stood behind him, asking for attention. He pulled one of her ears, and she pushed against his hand, then began mouthing his shirtsleeve.
“You needn’t stare,” she went on. Laws-a-massy, child, don't look like that!  You'll be looked after. Your ma's people will see to that--on account of the Lestrade pride, if for no other reason.  They won't let one of their own blood starve or go to strangers--even if they have always hated your pa like p'isen, and even if the other...well, they’re very high and mighty, ” she finished lamely.
Sherlock frowned.
“It’s all right to say,” the boy said. “It’s not unnatural, and them that says it are wrong.”
Sherlock wished his brother would keep his long nose out of his life. Mycroft’s designs were all the more horrible because so far he, Sherlock, was enjoying his sojourn in the woods. Mycroft, damn him, had managed to choose the right man, and now Sherlock was forced to be a burden to John Watson.
“I hear you’ve been experimenting with salt-rising bread. That’s quite tricky—at least Soo-Lin says so and she’s the expert—but I’d love to taste yours, and she probably would too. Where has she gotten to, anyhow?” she asked Mrs. Hudson.
“And how does one do that?”
John enjoys watching him eat much more than he’s ever enjoyed any meal. Guglielmo has never tasted baked eggplant so good. He dips bread in the rich oil and licks his lips.
John felt a warm surge of affection. Perhaps it would work, after all.
They spend the next five weeks—the rest of the summer—fucking in every conceivable place and position, including but not limited to mutual blowjobs in the hayloft; in a field of sweet clover late at night; in John’s room at siesta time; in Guglielmo’s dormitory bed during the day when they should be working; among the olive trees.
"It's clearly none of the older women, not unless they're working in concert with one of the younger ones. I put the chances of that at exactly nil."
“All right, keep your hair on.” John rolled up his sleeves, hoping he sounded more nonchalant than he felt.
Sherlock watched John go towards the lake from the far window of the cabin, and kept watching as John stripped. Sherlock knew he should look away, both for John’s sake and his own, but he could not; he drank in the sight of that muscular body like water.  He wished, in a rare moment of unselfishness, that he could reassure John, who he knew was struggling to deal with his unwanted guest, damn Mycroft for breathing, but also with his vision of himself. Sherlock knew he should not tell John ("Don't make personal remarks, Sherlock") that he had nothing to be ashamed of, physically at least.
“You were magnificent tonight,” he said. “I never knew you could play like that.”
Or: Sherlock arrives at Scotch Bush and simultaneously charms and horrifies John with his rudeness and vivacity.
Later, neither Sherlock nor John could say with any certainty what happened next. Sherlock knew that he had heard a cracking, but whether it had been the fire or something else, he could not tell. John’s attention was drawn from the kiss by a crash and a volley of sparks. He looked up in time to see a tree fall across their fire, a slender poplar with something tied to its tip.
"This isn't the wrong place, is it?" Holmes said sharply, scrambling off his horse and throwing the reins down. Bad habit in the backwoods, that, John thought, but the rest of his internal tirade was cut short as he caught sight of Holmes's face. In the midday sun, it was arresting, all angles and disdain, looking down from a great height. His skin was the light cream of someone who rarely went outdoors, much less worked outdoors. Nevertheless, Holmes gave an impression of great vigour and elasticity, and John was—unexpectedly—intrigued.
"Right. You're in first, or am I?"
“Please,” John said, softly, and Sherlock increased his rhythm, grasping the hard root to better direct it. John’s hips began to rock, and Sherlock was already nearly overcome with pleasure. His own cock was rocking against John’s calf, and the heat of John’s skin and the hardness of his bones was delicious.
The dance continued. People dropped out gradually, tired from their strenuous day, but Sherlock fiddled until the last pair (Mrs. Hudson and Lyons) admitted defeat. He set down his fiddle and took a glass of watered rum gratefully, but though his arms were very tired now, he wished they could have kept on and on.
John did not quite dare think about what his own life would be like without Sherlock’s presence. He knew, of course, but he would not dwell on it yet. Better to occupy his mind with this concrete mystery, disconcerting though it was.
“Here,” he said, “Put your arm over my shoulder. Very good. Shall we?”
Could he? He recalled the embarrassment that John had displayed in asking him about his sexual proclivities. There was something that went beyond a natural reticence to discuss those parts that were undiscussable in polite company, and, truth be told, this mystified Sherlock more than anything. John did not seem to be overly modest of his person, and he had been in the army. That, in addition to his medical training, meant that he would logically be less reluctant to discuss even the most private of—here, Sherlock shuddered at the memory—“urges.” What might motivate such reluctance?
John emptied it quickly, making sure not to contaminate the flesh, and pulled out the viscera, still warm. Once it was free of the corpse, Sherlock leaped on the pile, while John dragged the bear over to the shanty so he could hang it.
"Will it help if you tell me what you want?"
“Could we have imagined it?” Sherlock demanded again, in a tone that John knew, now, meant that he was not expecting an answer.
The tree appeared to be about fifteen years old, if the height and branching was any indication. It was not afflicted with any known diseases or parasites, and would have made proper timber in a dozen years. Not one of the robust branches had been interfered with in any way, and by the time Sherlock reached the cut part of the trunk, about a foot off the ground, he was properly puzzled. He had expected, if the felling were simple mischief, that the top of the tree would have been restrained by a rope of some sort, but there was no indication that such a thing had been done.
"Eggs. Company. Meat and feathers, occasionally."
“She did.”
"You... you don't... it's all right." Sherlock was looking at him, eyes wide and mouth open. John felt a pang of arousal already at the focused attention.
companionship. Why don’t you marry? You’re tolerably good-looking and while your temper is rather uneven, you’re industrious, and eventually you’ll be prosperous. Many women would have you.” Sherlock said this last with a rather disapproving look on his face, as though what women would do were the least interesting thing he could imagine.
The song for this chapter is “I’m Your Man” by Leonard Cohen. I just cannot get away from that song; it’s so FREAKING romantic (for fictional characters. I would not want that in my life. Boundaries, Leonard).
“Nasty,” John said, and reached out to untie it. Sherlock grabbed his wrist to prevent him.
Sherlock tensed.
"Could do. Do you like to fish?”
"You've no dog."
Isadora seemed fairly impressed too; as soon as John had freed the bars she charged through, still with the rope on her neck. She shoved Byron aside, though, and went to sniff the manger. When Byron came over to sniff her arse, she didn't move, ignoring him--but she didn't run.
“I’m fine,” John said grimly. “But get your boots. The goats have escaped. I must not have closed the barn door properly last night.”
John could not have helped smiling. That had been the most exciting thing to happen to him in ages, and he felt exhilarated, alive. He had faced down five hundred pounds of angry animal, and he had triumphed. It was ridiculous, but he had, and now he wanted to whoop, to leap, to fight more, perhaps.
“Please sir,” Dimmock came self-consciously into the room, “I was told specifically to wait for an answer, sir.”
However, the song “Your Backyard” by Burton Cummings because as aforementioned I think I am farging hilarious.
“I don’t know what you’re fussing about. The replacements are much nicer. Square toes in the year of Our Lord 1892!”
“Nothing specific. Want a beer?”
John felt the hand at his neck, and, in shock, twisted away, striking at his uncle’s hand. Uncle Gregory stopped dead at the crack that echoed through the room. He drew his hand away as if burnt, and he and John stared at each other for a second, blue eyes to brown, before both turning silently back to the stove.
“Squirrel fur. Really, John! There’s no agouti colour on the strands!” he shook his head scornfully. “Like so many, you see but you do not observe.”
Behind the piles, however, there was no discernable sign of any activity beyond their own footprints. Sherlock combed the grass meticulously from the bonfires to the woods, but not a sign could he see.
“Right. I am forgetting myself. Sherlock, your bread is delicious, it really is, so let’s have that, and you can save mine for dinner. I’ve got a chicken, and some of last year’s chowchow, a dried-apple pie, and a few other little things. Sherlock, if I had known it was you out here I’d have brought mince tarts; I know you love sweet things.”
“I did!” Sherlock replied with enthusiasm. “My subconscious regulated my genital system most adequately. Although perhaps I will do some washing today.”
“More than I wanted to.”
“She’ll be out of sight of Harry that way,” Mrs. Hudson explained confidentially. “Harry can’t stand the scent of Frank on her.”
Thank you so much for reading and commenting. I <3 you. Come and chat on Twitter (@scudery) and tumblr (redscudery)!
“Will do. Oh, and Sherlock?”
“Why?”
In fact, it was not until John had been cutting steadily for several minutes that Sherlock realized that he was holding his breath. It was not until John paused, that Sherlock realized he had been watching the flex of his back muscles through his shirt as much as he had been watching the expert movement of the axe through the air.  He stood, quickly, and pushed John aside to measure the cuts in the wood.
“No. It’s homo sapiens. And one that hasn’t been eating an excess of salt pork.”
“And geese.”
“Maybe your local squirrels are slow and stupid,” Sherlock said, and John couldn’t help but laugh.
Thirty years old, he thought to himself. He would surely live another thirty years. If he spent nearly every night like this, the years would be long ones.
The road home was not so pleasurable as the road out had been.The sun was setting, lighting up the snow before him and making it difficult to see, and the indignity he had suffered at Mycroft Holmes' hands irritated him. So he would have a guest, all summer, and a sick city-dweller at that. He could not imagine how a Holmes brother would look, or act; he could imagine how it would infringe on his privacy and his work.
John felt his way along until his left hand made contact with Sherlock’s shoulder.
"No," John forced out. "If you want to watch. You can watch."
“Can I have it?” Stamford’s boy materialized at Joe’s elbow.
“Looks like it was definitely meant for us, eh?” he asked Sherlock.
“I was worried you’d be murdered by that strange man Mike brought you.” She shivered at the thought, rather pleasurably than otherwise.
“Liar,” John took the risk of shoving Sherlock in a friendly way. “That egg dish was much more than fuel. It’s my turn to give you something good.”
“You aren’t just going to tell me what I think?” he said finally, cutting his eyes at Sherlock.
“Not today. Port, maybe?” Sherlock would prefer the sweetness. John added two slabs of chocolate as well, and he and Angelo finished the tally and packed the goods into sacks.
“Sherlock,” John said again, but his breathing had changed, and his eyes were closing.
Here’s a little cut snippet:
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“The woods.”
“Father isn’t anything in particular. A man about town, I suppose.”
“I wouldn’t be concerned if I thought it were them.”
Suddenly John’s mouth crushed down on his with a force that left Sherlock breathless. He couldn’t—didn’t—breathe; he was nothing but sensation, opening his mouth under the pressure of John’s lips until their tongues slid together. It was a curious dissolution of the self; he felt as he had that night in the woods: open, at one with everything. It was too much and not enough. He gasped, taking in welcome air and the scent of John’s body against him.
“Mary’s fault?” Sherlock knew he was on thin ice with this last question but the desire to know was too strong.
“Brace yourself.”
“I mean, I dropped a microtracker on Jaren. It’ll record his meeting with the referee, which is all the proof that’s needed.”
“That’s because it’s none of your business.” John replied.
“Who are you?” he asked again. Still no answer.
“We can’t go in this rain,” John said. “It’s the dampest spring I’ve seen in a long time; we’ll be up to our ears in mud the whole way.”
"Yes."
"He's running for Parliament," Holmes said, his mouth full of potatoes and tea.
“Again. Ah!”
John felt something lighten inside him. He hadn't wanted to either, but he hadn't known how to say it.
He knew immediately it had been the wrong thing to say. John’s expression shifted from “game-though-embarrassed” to “Dr. Watson” in a blink.
Sherlock made his way along the road until he was at an angle at which John might see him. He dodged behind the trees at the end of the home quarter until the coast was clear, and began to run.
"No, of course not. You've no appropriate table space. But can I build one down by that little lake there?"
“I…I will,” Sherlock said, “but may I please stay?” John looked at him searchingly. “Geese,” Sherlock said, and waved his hands. Gratified by the tenor of his apology, and pleased to notice that there were goose droppings on the back of that pristine coat, John relented.
“Oh.” Sherlock looked up, “I could. If there were more tea.”
“I’m supposed to take an answer back.” Dimmock repeated.
“Sherlock. We are in the caravan. Alone.” Honestly, he hated Sherlock Holmes the most.
"Wha...!" he exclaimed, skittering back.
“Julia!” exclaimed Mrs. Hudson, “And Prue! Do put down your things—oh, you didn’t bring your famous mince tarts, Prue, honestly, you shouldn’t have!”
“Fine,” John said, after a moment. “But remember that
"You did, didn't you? You're a bloody genius."
“Don’t forget supper,” John called, as he went to liberate Harry from her purgatory.
Protesting only slightly, Sherlock extracted himself from his corner and shook the dust from his coat. He dropped a log cant onto the counter beside the sacks and grinned at John. John grinned back—Sherlock’s hair was completely mad—but stopped when Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. He was thankful for his thick coat; surely Sherlock couldn’t divine what was in the pocket? He resolved to burn the damned pamphlet at the first opportunity.
“Don’t let Soo-Lin hear you say it’s a holiday,” Mrs. Hudson said, scoldingly.  “You’ll be making your own breakfast for a month.”
"And I suppose I'm the one you want to investigate?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"I don't know, John," Sherlock said, quietly. "But somehow I don't want to eat that meat."
Clara had hit a hard bit, a large outcrop of dried ox manure.
The sheer cheek made John’s face twitch with rage.
"Touché." Sherlock ran his fingers through his curls and turned up his nose at the same time, and the effect was so comic that John couldn't help but laugh.
“Just you wear a sweater,” she said and, desiring to be out in the cold, John went, though he muttered "You are an old gossip of no importance!" under his breath for his own satisfaction as he slipped upstairs to get his sweater. He pulled it over his head, and grinned, suddenly, at his reflection in the mirror, seized by the idea that John-in-the-glass was someone separate from him. He looked at the suddenly strange boy: small, wiry, with sandy hair and a too-large nose. His eyes, navy blue, looked back at him, taking in his patched trousers and scuffed shoes, and a shiver went down his spine.
“I put my mouth where my mouth is.” John said flatly. “That makes no sense.”
"I'll stay here."
I have no idea whether pamphlets for prostate massagers ever existed. I think if you’re suspicious of Mycroft’s motivations, you probably should be. Also, as usual, beware of 19th-century science, folks. Evacuate prostates all you want but don’t expect health benefits.
“Sherlock,” John said, his voice warm and low.
“Who’s texting you?”
Sherlock, meanwhile, had headed along the line John had indicated, quite eager to see the plants in question. He had certainly heard of pitcher plants and sundews before, but to see them in person was something else entirely. He laid a cautious hand on his collecting bottles as he leaped over one more tree.
“If you must. But I’m going to clear while you do that.”
Sherlock could not have said how long he had sat on the floor shivering. He did remember, later, that John’s arrival had brought with it no relief, nor any emotion at all. He had not even started at the sound of John’s voice.
“If you’re sure,” John said, and began the main event.
I had a lot of help from Doc with this chapter, and turifer and marigolds too. Thank you guys, and thank you to girlwhowearsglasses for reading.
"Fucking hell," John breathed, then shouted "Sherlock!"
I keep thanking girlwhowearsglasses, ellioop, turifer, and marigolds for reading and cheering me on, but seriously, this took a long time to write and I was going stir-crazy keeping it to myself. Their appreciative reading and their incisive comments made it easy for me to continue. Doctornerdington, my main beta, has also been the literal actual best at all times.
“I’m fine. I didn’t lose consciousness, I don’t think.” Sherlock’s breath was warm on John’s hand, and John squeezed his shoulder.
“Eggs,” Mrs. Hudson said. “And she’ll likely be back in good time, which is why I sent her and not you.”
“Lots.” It did seem to be working, but at what cost? Sherlock seemed almost distressed, and John himself could barely breathe.
They ate sitting on the grass outside, a delicious soup of chicken, dumplings, and greens, with a sweet bread, jam, and tea. When they had cleared the dishes, John drew a long breath.
Someone was moaning.  It was a piteous, miserable sound, and  would have wakened me even if I had been far more soundly asleep.  I sat up, looking to find the source of the cries, only to find that they had stopped as soon as I had roused from my slumber.
Watson drew in a long breath, releasing it on an even longer sigh.
I was still trembling despite Watson’s sure grasp and his quiet voice in my ear.  He was gently drying my hair with a towel when I began to relax again, and realized that he was softly singing in much the same calm, reassuring tones he’d used to speak to me moments before.
For indeed, there stood my Watson behind us on the pavement, looking as baffled as Lestrade sounded.  He didn’t bother to answer Lestrade’s question, moving to me instead and grasping me by the shoulders, scanning me up and down before looking searchingly into my face.
~oOo~
I was in the doorway of my own little attic bedroom without any clear idea of how I had actually made my way up the steep and narrow little staircase.  I had looked into Sherlock Holmes’ eyes, clasped his hand, and essentially declared myself to be hopelessly and irrevocably in love with him -- and I can only suppose that at that point my conscious mind, realizing that it inhabited a gibbering idiot, simply took its leave for a short while until I was out of Holmes’ presence.
I had been greatly surprised upon my return at the intensity of Watson’s reaction, as it went far deeper than the shock and pleasure that I had anticipated. Shock, indeed, had been his first response – but then, if I hadn’t known better, I would have thought that Watson had been profoundly hurt by my deception, or that he was struggling with having been betrayed by his dearest friend.
Then it became quiet, and very dark.
All of a sudden, I felt like a puppet whose strings had been cut, and I dropped into my chair.  My brother had said that we needed to talk; I realized, instead, that I needed to listen.
A week was sufficient time for me to do the research necessary to have the blackguard arrested and charged with not only forgery and fraud, but murder – but not, alas, without gaining said blackguard’s rather unfavorable attention.
“He’s not a fool,” Mycroft replied quietly. “He’s… well, he has his own reasons for what he does, and we’re in no position to judge.”
Watson continued his focus on the opposite wall, oblivious to the crisis occurring next to him on the bed.
I thought.  I found myself gazing upon his sleeping face for a long moment, as if to commit him to memory.
I realized with no small relief that I was feeling like myself again, thanks to Watson and his steadfast care.  A moment later, I also realized that the poor man would awaken stiff and miserable if he continued to sleep in such an unnatural position; he needed his own bed and his own rest.
Holmes’ unguarded expression of sympathy was surprising, but welcome; the kindness of this truest of friends was a balm to the raw ache that the events of the previous day had left behind in my heart.
~o0o~
I’d been on my way to meet Lestrade and some of his men to affect the arrest when a burly arm came across my neck from behind with enough force to make inhaling a challenge.
I felt him shake his head slightly against my neck. “You’re always right, aren’t you?”
He closed his eyes for just a moment, and when he opened them again, I could swear that I could read his very heart in them. “I want you as all of those things, and as so much more.  I want you as the one who shares my joys and sorrows, the one who knows me sometimes better than I know myself. I want you, John Watson, as the other half of my heart -- because you have had the whole of it for longer than I can tell you.  I want --”
I likely sounded rather desperate in my urge to help him, and indeed, I found that I was feeling rather desperate.  Yet I could tell that the doctor was about to turn my offer away, to try to deal with his distress on his own, and it was nearly more than I could bear.
Now it was Holmes’ turn to look abashed.  “Oh,” he replied, somewhat uselessly. “Oh, then, that’s fine.  I’m sorry to have startled you.”
He had reached over and taken my hand in both of his, much as I had done earlier in the morning.  “I
Something about that statement hit Holmes in just the right way, I suppose; he was clearly struggling not to laugh, and the sight of his amusement made me burst into rather embarrassing giggles.  Of course, the sound of that was the last straw for my poor darling, and we were shortly convulsed with laughter.  After all of the profound emotion we had been through over the past hours, this release felt absolutely wonderful.
“It was a miserable death for her, I am sorry to say.  You can well imagine that I felt I’d failed her both as a husband and a physician when I couldn’t keep her safe. I would have given anything, anything at all to have experienced her pain for her -- indeed, I would gladly have died in her place.”
It said a great deal about the doctor’s state of utter exhaustion that he did not even attempt to argue this point with me, but simply allowed me to guide him silently toward my own room for the night.
That Lestrade was also my colleague and dear friend made the situation easier at times, and more difficult at others.
With that, he looked across the room at my brother, who was obviously responsible for the doctor’s presence this morning.  “Send for me if the need arises, of course.”  Then he nodded a brief farewell to all of us, and saw himself out.
I could only sigh, guilt-stricken, in response.  But Watson smiled reassuringly, patted my shoulder through the blanket, and said, “We’ll have you right as rain in a trice, my friend.  That’s what comes of living with your own physician.”
Clearly, I disagreed – and since it was my life on the line at that point, my decision of course prevailed.  It was, however, still a highly fraught topic between myself and my brother even once I had returned and Watson knew all.  Mycroft had never told me why, and I had certainly never asked him.
“Not tonight, Holmes,” he said, his voice nearly a whisper. “I can’t be an experiment tonight -- please don’t deduce me, not now.”
I sat up in the bed, reaching to pat one of his hands as it grasped my shoulder.  “Indeed, dear boy, I’m fine,” I said in the heartiest voice I could muster. I was just startled to see you, and probably overreacted.  I’m terribly sorry to have worried you.”
Sherlock asks, but it’s really more observation than question. Greg, hearing the approval and happiness in the detective’s voice, answers anyway.
“Don’t look like that. I absolutely love it. It just all feels so unreal. I’m engaged to the love of my life who knows me so well that he got me an engagement present only he could deduce would touch every part of my heart.”
“So, what prompted the whole foundation idea?”
M’s body relaxed into placid lines again. “Very good,” he murmured. “Try the wine. It’s fabulous.”
John, John Watson, has just sent him a video recorded love confession. Sherlock Holmes has just been sent John’s love. John loves him and wants Sherlock to know. No matter how he says it, it doesn’t make any more sense to Sherlock. But he also cannot deny the proof of his own two eyes.
Sherlock’s body tensed as he noticed John beside him, but he did not raise his gaze from the tile between his knees. He sucked in a shaky lungful of air that wheezed in his chest. His hands were shaking imperceptibly, so he shoved them under his thighs. Several minutes passed before he felt able to speak.
“A person who has been given Hypno will not typically recognize that they have been drugged. Their sexual response will be stimulated, and they will act upon it. That’s not – that wasn’t how it was for me.”
Sherlock chuckles, a deep rumble John feels through his chest.
“John?”
"Without any details regarding what happened, I have no idea how to start helping him! You have to slow down and...”
Sherlock opened his mouth to retort, but John held up a hand, somehow conveying the power of Captain Watson without a single word.
All too soon, Sherlock has finished his story and is actively cramming several biscuits into his mouth. The daft git must have forgotten to eat again. Shaking her head fondly, Mrs. Hudson takes her leave and heads back downstairs. She does have bridge later today, and she promised Mrs. Turner that she would bring some of those lemon meringue tarts that were such a crowd pleaser last time. She should have just enough time to run to the store, cook the tarts, and get to bridge on time if she gets a move on now.
“As you wish, dear.”
John was struck momentarily dumb.
John’s eyes flicker open as he remembers. He catches Sherlock’s knowing grin out of the corner of his eye.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I think a change of local is in order. We’d all be more comfortable in the bedroom. Don’t you think Stephen?”
“Nice to finally know the truth, Mary.”
“You said you were meeting a friend for drinks.”
He rolled his eyes at himself and added, “Thank you.”
Sherlock drags his mouth along John’s jawline as he runs his hands over John’s chest.  John decides he is done with the teasing. He grabs Sherlock’s face and pulls him in for a toe-tinglingly deep kiss. The kiss feels like it goes on for minutes. When they finally part, Sherlock is panting hard. A deep scarlet creeps over his chest and his hair is askew. John loves him.
“Mmm. Definitely. Yes. Plus, I want to meet this mystery man. I doubt he’s anything like me really.”
"What Lestrade? What do you want? You want me to talk about it? You want me to tell you my
“After you, love.”
this. Now.
“It’s not cocaine, John. I didn’t lie.”
“Yes, as I’m sure you observed. Bird’s eye-view up there. You’ve seen for yourself. Now come down here and we can discuss the situation.”
Sherlock concedes the point.
"The Serbian contingent has developed a lead. Your little theory has paid off, it seems."
He says with finality as he shuts the door. He leans heavily against it for a moment. He loves Mrs. Hudson dearly but she can go on.
"It involves one Annabelle Georgiana Rothschild Aimes. The only daughter of Cyrus Tiberius Aimes, previously of Savannah, Georgia."
“Can I hold your hand?” John asked, reaching into the space between them. Sherlock paused before stretching forward to clasp John’s hand with his own. He wove their fingers together and gripped hard. John beamed up at him.
The doorbell rings. John slaps Sherlock’s chest playfully, then gets up to answer the door.
Sherlock had known the truce was too good to last. He mentally catalogued his rusty shelf of backup plans and was surprised to find that he had no contingencies – not anymore. A wave of nausea battered his stomach, and he was forced into a series of dry heaves. Disgusted with himself, he swiped the back of his hand across his mouth. He had become complacent, trusting that
The last envelope is padded and a familiar bolt of dread settles in his stomach. He drops the rest of the mail back onto the table and goes to sit in his chair. He inspects every corner of the envelope but can find nothing out of place. Carefully, he eases the flap free from the envelope. Once it’s free, he turns it over and lets the disk slide out into his hand.
Sherlock is genuinely curious. John has not always been the most luminous of people, but he is constantly surprising Sherlock.
Sherlock wakes with a start, panting hard, and covered in sweat. He unconsciously sweeps his hand over the small round aching scar on his chest. He can hear John puttering with the kettle in the kitchen. The domesticity of it settles in his bones and leeches the worst of his tension away. Sherlock closes his eyes and bathes in the rightness of the moment. The flat has been too quiet without John.
She’s really screaming now. Sherlock is completely out of his depth, but he tries to comfort and reason with his daughter, who lashes out viciously.
John swallowed hard. “You could be concealing the tells. It wouldn’t be that hard for you. You override the transport all the time, right?” Sherlock opened his mouth to argue, but John shook his head and cut him off. “Besides, you’re right. I am a doctor. So tell me why the hell you had Wiggins over here performing a
There is no malice in his voice, and Lestrade had thought he couldn't be more shocked.
When he opened his eyes, he was surprised to find that the alcove had disappeared. In its place was a cavernous study. A large stone fireplace adorned the far side of the chamber. There were no personal items in the room, but computer monitors displaying different views of the manor filled an entire wall. A real-time transcription program was running alongside the closed-circuit video so that John could read the words of the conversation that Mrs. Turner was currently engaged in on the phone in the kitchen.
He flips rapidly back through the pages. It can’t be. That can’t be right. The other pages serve only to confirm what he just read. He looks up at Sherlock and immediately knows.
"Sherlock? Can you hear me?"
Thankfully, the traffic isn’t too bad and John arrives slightly sooner than he planned. The cabbie benefits from the uptick in John’s mood and thanks him repeatedly for his generous tip. John nods back and shuts the door behind him.
"Oh the poor dears. They must be worn out from being in hospital. Did you say John was coming home soon? Oh Sherlock, you should do some shopping for them. I know they'd appreciate that. Go on. Just a few things so Mary doesn't have to nip out the moment they get home."
“I know you’re sorry, but I can’t keep forgiving you only to get left behind again. Just promise me that you’ll stop ditching me to go off and do dangerous shit by yourself.”
He tried to keep the question soft, but he was resigned to the current of vulnerability he couldn’t completely banish.
“If memory serves, Sherlock liked a bit ‘o rough too. Didn’t ya?”
“Sherlock,” he called just loud enough to break through the man’s fugue-like monologue. Sherlock stopped pacing and looked at him with exasperation and weariness.
“I want to be with you. No matter what. I want you to know that you can rely on me. I-I need you, Sherlock, and I think – or hope – that you just might need me too.”
John didn’t have a soul mark either, not that Sherlock had ever seen anyway. He supposed it could be somewhere that clothes usually covered, but he’d seen John in various stages of undress throughout their acquaintance. He never directly asked, but he was sure John was Unmarked too.
The lights of London outside the window blurred and ran like an Impressionist painting come to life. Gone were the stark well-defined edges of the familiar buildings, swept away by his mind’s insistence that he focus on the not inconsiderable effects of the cab’s motion. The minutia bled together until Sherlock could no longer tell one object from another. Where did the street end? Where did the shopfronts begin? The darkness lent itself to this illusion, shrouding important distinguishing details, while the lamp light smeared over it all in webby, veined fractal patterns.
Suddenly, Sherlock jerks back away from John, which is completely unacceptable. John grabs for him, but his naked body affords no purchase. John groans softly.
Mycroft leaned forward slightly and shifted in his seat. “He’s alive, John.”
The reply is almost immediate.
Sherlock was doing his best not to writhe, but he was failing. His hips gave short, stuttering thrusts that left him more frustrated than ever. Clearly something would have to be done. Sherlock blushed a deep red.
Sherlock was the first to break the silence.
Sherlock’s chest heaves with exertion as he finishes and looks expectantly at Lestrade, who sits stock-still. He knows John quite well, but he is entirely ill-equipped to answer this question. Frankly, he can’t imagine the simple domesticity of it, but then again, he couldn’t have imagined John and Sherlock raising a child together either. Yet here they are.
“Sorry. Not a friend, obviously.” He thought back to the details he had picked out of the image - shabby, second-hand clothes pointed toward something less than middle class but there was a certain hunger about him - “Dealer?”
John looked from the computer to Sherlock to the computer. Sherlock was secretly pleased. John’s brow was crinkled, and his lower lip was stuck between his teeth. It was John’s
“Stephen.”
“You love this, John. It’s who you are. I know you’ve been out of sorts since you had to quit the clinic. I know my cases are a great burden on you. Not that you don’t enjoy them, but they take a lot of time and managing me takes a lot of energy. I am not unaware of the sacrifices you have made. I just wanted to give you something back. This is yours. You are sorely needed and you will enjoy being here. The position is supervisory so your hours are flexible, but you have total creative control. You get to build this project from the ground up.”
John's mouth gapes and he seems frozen for a few moments before a deep laugh pushes its way out of his belly.
"So…Mary is-"
He was so absorbed in his thoughts, that he barely noticed himself unlocking the door or climbing the stairs.
Sherlock goes nonresponsive beneath him. John pulls back and panics at the carefully blank look on Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock knew this was all his fault. All the pain hidden beneath the iron control of the soldier was his doing. He hated the way John was favoring his leg and didn’t even realize it. He hated the stupid tremor in John’s hand. It hadn’t made an appearance in ages. He’d helped John put aside his steel façade, but now the cracks were starting to show. Sherlock was purposefully prodding at them. Pushing John to pull away before he could break him.
In Sherlock’s experience, it was the only place they ever managed to hide. Secrets, lies, obfuscations - they cannot exist in the too ephemeral darkness. There is no refuge there on which to rely. You cannot hide a whisper in the silence.
“Most of the symptoms mimic the flu - fever, chills, lethargy. I’ve not got much of an appetite, and most food turns my stomach. Good choice with the apple, by the way.” He smiled that small, fragile smile meant only for John.
“What?”
I have taken every liberty with the RAMC and how it actually operates. I know nothing about it, so I made it fit my story. Give me a free pass because...fiction?
“I messed up, John. I messed up and I don’t know how to fix it. If I even can fix it. She was so angry. You didn’t see her. She hates me now. She hates…”
The man did not automatically respond. His eyes swept casually from the hair on John’s head to his bare feet. Sherlock’s smile was a sharp, fractured thing. It struck John as wrong, though he couldn’t quite pinpoint the reason why. He sipped his tea and continued to wait for Sherlock to speak. He was certainly not going to provoke the argument his flatmate was so obviously spoiling for.
His eyes never leave John's face. He watches as John's expression shifts from breathless laughter to white-faced fear to melancholy regret. Sherlock can see the exact moment he tips from hopeful to regret. He watches John's face grow taut and blank.
Iain chuckles, pleased that his barb got under John’s skin. The man is so easy to rile. Turning his attention back to Stephen, he pulls the sorcerer’s hair until he is leaned back and looking into his eyes.
John’s chin drooped toward his chest, and he jerked abruptly awake. He was shocked to find the room dark. He’d slept for some time. John cursed himself and focused his attention on the bed. His hand stuttered to a halt halfway toward rubbing the sleep from his eye. Sherlock’s penetrating gaze was fixed on him.
“Hope.”
“Missed you."
Was the last exasperated thing John heard before the door slammed shut.
The toaster pops and the kettle whistles as the smell of fried egg drifts down the hall and sets Sherlock's traitorous stomach growling. He rolls out of bed and wraps his deep blue dressing gown around himself as he staggers into the en suite. Scowling at the hopeless tangle of curls that sits atop his head, Sherlock studiously avoids the mirror as he washes, shaves, moisturizes. He plucks a long, wiry, stray hair that seems determined to disrupt the carefully structured arch of his brow.
flat. I want the work to be
“Hey,” he called softly, hoping not to exacerbate whatever anxiety was coursing through his flatmate. When he got no response, he tried again. “Sherlock?”
Across the lab, John’s stomach gave a loud grumble. “Lunch time for me,” he said briskly. “Want me to bring anything back for you?” He asked without even looking up. He clearly did not expect Sherlock to answer.
"Clearly."
John’s jaw dropped in astonishment. These were not the words of a sexually-inexperienced man. These words were dripping with desire. John’s brain fought to remember the seriousness of the situation but the sound of his friend’s gravelly voice saying such blatantly sexual things! He was lost. Damn if he wasn’t well past turned on.
Lestrade watches the detective prowl across the waiting room and sighs deeply. He lets the man work off the excess energy before speaking, low and clear.
" --- No. Please. I don't know. I-I don't…I don't k-know. Pleas---"
As soon as the door to Mrs. Hudson's flat is safely closed, Sherlock springs into motion. He sweeps the biscuit crumbs off the front of his dressing gown and flies toward his bedroom. John, startled by the sudden change, is barely on his feet before Sherlock's door slams shut. Determined to get at least some answers out of the mad man, John yells through the door.
“‘Course I’m here,” he said steadily.
“What are the facts,” John demanded, angry at the charade of normalcy.
“Six separate cases. The poison has been identified as Lantana Camara, or Red Sage. It’s often fatal and can affect the lungs, kidneys, heart, and nervous system of those who ingest it.”
That gets John’s attention. Good. John should be paying attention to him.
John squeezed into the space beside Sherlock to grab his mug. John was careful not to accidentally brush up against him. He blew across the top, cooling the liquid before taking his first tentative sip. A deep groan of appreciation rumbled up from John’s chest as he drank. He stood next to Sherlock, watching him transfer the bacon from the pan to the slices of bread.
"Obvious."
John lifts a fried egg and sets it carefully on top of his own buttered toast. He bites into the monstrosity and flicks his tongue out to catch the stray yolk running down his jaw. Sherlock gulps and looks away, trying to concentrate on the seriousness of the situation. His rebellious cock pays no attention as it hardens with anticipation.
Greg nodded. “I know, just..the sooner, the better on these results, you know?”
Mycroft’s low, oily voice drawls away at him.
Sherlock rushes to explain as John's voice rises. If he doesn’t get control of the conversation, it will only be another 3.2 minutes before John storms out of the flat, judging by the escalation rate he has displayed thus far. Now that John's left Mary, he can’t go out on his own. It's too dangerous, and John is too valuable a target. He needs to
Sherlock’s voice was raspy from disuse, but there was an unmistakable air of scorn in the question. The brashness of the inquiry derailed John’s train of thought.
John took two steps toward him before he remembered Sherlock’s reaction in the bedroom. He stopped but did not retreat. He waited until Sherlock met his eye, and he tried to convey all the comfort and empathy Sherlock would not let him voice. He turned back to the counter to take the pressure off of his next statement.
“Can you stand?”
He wouldn’t be able to control his body for another three hours. M had dosed his pasta and the antidote was all but meaningless now. His body would crave M’s above all others, whether his mind wanted him or not.
“No taxi tonight?”
– and looked at Sherlock like he’d hung the moon.
Sherlock's eyes soften at the familiar question. How many times had John asked him that exact question at a crime scene. This is them - give and take. This is utterly familiar, stable ground. Though it doesn’t make Sherlock any more eager to respond. He knows his options here are limited. There is no way to talk about the problem without dragging his feelings for John and the scars of Serbia out of the shadows. But he promised John that there would be no more lies between them. He could refuse to answer, but John has that determined look he gets when he has his mind made up to wrestle an answer out of Sherlock. Sherlock capitulates with a sigh.
John cleared his throat and leaned back to stretch his arms above his head. His shoulder gave a loud pop as it rotated toward the ceiling. Sherlock squirmed in his seat and dropped his gaze to the microscope in front of him.
“Are you sure, John? Pretty hard to tell from a photograph, right? I mean, you’d have to actually examine them to be sure?”
Thirty Day Challenge: Day 7 - Love
He was shocked back to awareness, however, by the sight of Sherlock sitting on a chair in the kitchen with a cotton swab pressed to the crook of his left arm. Though the kitchen was partly in shadow, he could see Sherlock’s bone white face. A dark, livid black vein bulged in his neck, and John was panicking. The contrast of the dark black vein and his overall wan pallor gave Sherlock a grotesque monstrous look. Like something out of one of John’s nightmares.
Mrs. Hudson sips her tea as she pulls her focus back to the present. Her short trip down memory lane has obviously not occurred to John, who is too busy staring fixedly at Sherlock to notice much of anything happening in the flat. Sherlock, however, is looking at Mrs. Hudson with tenderness, understanding, gratitude, and slight annoyance. It's typical Sherlockian fondness at its finest, and Mrs. Hudson basks in it.
Sherlock rested his arms along his thighs, head tipped forward, eyes focused on the ground.
“Sherlock, you can’t be serious. You have solved the most confounding of Scotland Yard’s crimes. Your brilliance has not diminished in the slightest. Surely, you don’t mean to reject your relationship with John over a perceived effect?”
The car rolled to a stop, and Mycroft’s eyes snapped open. John looked out the window, curious as to their destination. He was shocked to see a large, ivy-covered manor. He hadn’t noticed them travelling so far out of London. “Is he here?”
All too soon, John’s feet carried him to a foreboding wood door. Standing before the hulking behemoth, he felt an inextricable urge to run as far as possible from the unknown quagmire ensconced behind the door. The questions loomed one after another in John’s mind.
John, on alert for any abnormalities, seized on the statement.
“You listen to me, right now. You can’t choose your own biology, Sherlock, but family? Family is earned. It’s a choice that you make every day. Family is the people you love, the people you put first, the people you think about every morning when you wake up, and every night before you go to bed. They are the people that lift you up, that inspire you, that fill your days with laughter and happiness. They make you safe. They make you better.”
Slipping off his Belstaff and scarf, he heads to the kitchen. Might as well make a cup of tea first. He fills the kettle and waits. He bounces impatiently from foot to foot.
"We have quite run out of time, don't you think, brother dear?"
"Uh…came home, watched a detective flee the house for reasons still unknown, unpacked my bag, had dinner, and Mary gave me my meds before bed…"
Sherlock knew better than to ignore a direct question.
He struggled to readjust the pillow beneath his head before turning back to John and infusing his voice with as much sincerity as he could muster, he tried again.
Sherlock saved him from spiraling too far. “Not as such,” he sighed. “It’s complicated, and I’ve never had to explain it before.”
John spared a moment to make sure his small medical kit was situated in the bottom of his bag before exiting his office. He’d learned long ago to always keep a travel size kit on his person. It came in handy more often than not when one worked with someone as reckless as Sherlock Holmes.
John struggled to find the right words. How could he explain the instinct to put Sherlock first? It wasn’t even really a choice. It was as natural as breathing.
The man who defied all prediction. Where Sherlock had come to expect taunts and derision, John had given him steady, whole-hearted support. He’d had questions, of course, but he’d asked only the essentials. He hadn’t pressed Sherlock’s weakness. Sherlock had seen him practically swallow back the words, but he hadn’t prodded at Sherlock’s vulnerability in his eagerness to know every detail. Once again, John had proven himself worthy of Sherlock’s trust.
The cab got stuck in mid-morning traffic making the trip to Bart’s much longer than usual. By the time they arrived, Sherlock was practically vibrating in his seat.
What if John needed him to be brilliant? What if he just failed John?
Sherlock shook his head and began to take the items out of the sink. He piled them on the side and flipped the tap on to fill the basin with hot water. He scrambled around for a few minutes looking for the dishwashing liquid before he remembered that John had put it in one of those funny novelty dispensers.
“Don’t be an idiot, Lestrade. I love John – that’s hardly news, but you’ve missed the important implication of the statement.”
Sherlock shut his eyes trying to block out the images.
With a put-upon sigh of resignation, Sherlock grinned. “Needs must, John.” He said before disappearing down the stairs.
John stood up straight and snapped his shoulders back, his military stance coming as naturally as if his service days were only yesterday. He met Mycroft’s eyes with a steely gaze of his own. “Always.”
“It’s all in there, Mr. Wickham. You take those pills as prescribed, and you shouldn’t have any more problems.” Case Number 4 opened his mouth, and John felt his patience snap. He ushered the man bodily from his office.
, he hadn’t realized he was speaking out loud. Sherlock turns and finds himself face-to-face with Lestrade. Something in his face must show the true depths of his fear because the DI gives his shoulder a reassuring squeeze before letting go.
“John?”
Sherlock's swallows roughly, Adam's apple bobbing, and nods tersely, hoping Lestrade will understand the gratitude he is trying to convey. He's not sure he is successful, after all the gratitude is buried beneath a metric ton of terror.
Sherlock was so deep in thought that he didn’t immediately bound out of the vehicle when it pulled up and idled in front of 221B. He was still questioning his ability to truly
“Mine too.”
Thirty-five minutes later, Sherlock is stood in the bread aisle. His eyes are wide and his breathing shallow. This was incredibly stupid. He is least equipped to do this for John and Mary. He hasn't had a meal with John in months, not more than an occasional cup of tea. Does John even like black current jam anymore? Does he still demand that one brand of crisps that Sherlock can never remember? He spent months memorizing the packaging. He hopes they haven't changed it.
John held Sherlock's focus with a searching, desperate gaze. Even now, he was trying to reassure Sherlock. The detective couldn't understand John's depths. The man never seemed to run out of empathy and patience.
Sherlock realizes he has been staring at the same page of the report for several minutes and wonders if John has noticed. He flicks his eyes to John's face. It is immediately apparent that John would not notice a troop of murderous assassins in the flat right now. Sherlock sighs, flips the page, and settles in to wait.
John debated the odds that Mycroft was taking him to Sherlock. Since the man had deigned to come and collect the doctor himself, John was fairly certain that the man did not object to his attending Sherlock's bedside. However, there was a slight chance that he had been driven out to an abandoned manor in the countryside so that Mycroft could dispose of him once and for all.
He let the silence spool out between them. Now that he was here, he felt no pressure to force a conversation. It was vital that Sherlock understood that John would always be right next to him, no matter what. He wiped his palms on his trousers and stared straight ahead, not wanting to burden Sherlock with too much direct attention.
Sherlock nods once, embarrassed at the blatant display of sentiment.
John’s hand cups Sherlock’s cheek.
“Didn’t want you to see.”
“I was hoping you would - would you...?”
"Oi! Where do you think you're going?"
There was a new theory that some of the Unmarked (those without a physical manifestation of a soul bond) were not truly mate-less. Some research had shown it was theoretically possible that when a person’s soul mate died before cementing the bond, the black and white soul mark would fade from the person’s skin.
As he watches Sherlock pace, he realizes the man is muttering, over and over:
John cleared his throat and levered himself out of his chair. “It could be nice to see a physical sign that you’ve met your person.” John walked slowly toward Sherlock. “I can see the appeal in that but…”
John jumped from his chair.
“…usually answers about a case, but I wouldn’t be too worried. Probably he’ll turn up tonight with no idea he’s caused such a stir.” He waited for John to laugh along with him, but the laughter was caught in John’s throat. It lodged there behind the sob that was threatening to break free, so he swallowed it down. When his silence spooled out for several uninterrupted seconds, Greg seemed to understand that John was not going to reply.
Sherlock picks up a small framed photograph from the hall table. The age lines around Greg’s eyes are crinkled with happiness for once. He is gazing sideways, as if the photograph being taken is nothing in comparison to what he is looking at. Hair whipping in the wind, Molly smiles indulgently at the photographer, clearly working hard to ignore Greg’s distraction. Behind the couple, the bright lights of a carnival flare. Sherlock strokes a finger across the glass and his lip twitches as he remembers that day. Rosie had loved the noise and lights. The rest of them had barely survived her uncontainable joy.
Sherlock had relayed the story of bonfire night to John, and they had both thought it impressive that Mary identified a skip code on sight. John had just chalked it up to her eccentric hobbies and veracity to learn. Thinking back, John hadn't really been fooled. That piece of information had flared like a homing beacon signaling danger and lies, but he hadn't wanted to think about it. And Sherlock had let him. Sherlock made it possible for John to go on living the life of John Watson, husband MD. Sherlock had taken it upon himself to research and surveil without forcing John to acknowledge the truth. How many more times will the man cut himself open and sacrifice everything for John? How many more times will John fail to notice?
John's chest tightens and traps all the air inside his lungs. He doesn't realize he has stopped breathing until he registers the concern on Sherlock's face. That day flashes through his mind. A grotesquely shiny coffin ringed with roses. The cloying smell of damp earth. The squeeze of Mrs. Hudson's hand on his shoulder as she leaves him to say his last goodbye. The tremors that shook his hand as he tried to grip cold, black marble.
John is transported back to that first time. The twin aches of arousal and loss ricochet through him again and for a moment, Sherlock is dead and John is conflating the two in his desperation and lust. He goes still on top of Stephen, who looks lost. Sherlock understands immediately.
The man explodes, screaming and gesticulating wildly.
He pulled out the chair from the other side of the table and dragged it to sit a few feet from his friend. He made a show of fixing the seat to his liking so that Sherlock would continue talking without the pressure of John’s direct gaze.
John gestures at the candles and bath water. Sherlock hesitates momentarily before reaching into his pocket. He leans over and deposits the lighter into John’s hand. John looks disbelievingly at the small object. It’s his lighter. No question about it.
“S-Sherlock. Please. I need more. Please. More.”
Sherlock is leaning forward in his eagerness and his eyes sparkle with excitement.
I am going to stop putting warnings at the beginning of each chapter. It spoils the plot, but I am doing my best to tag the story accordingly. As always, if you have a specific issue relating to a tagged trigger warning please let me know and I will work to get you a summary so you can skip that part. That being said, this is a highly angsty fic that involves past sexual assault, abuse, manipulation, drugs, murder, and more. I love all my readers and want you all to be safe. Please take care of yourselves, even if that means you have to stop reading. Thanks for understanding!
John smiles to himself as he turns his key and re-enters 221B. His heart pounds with a combination of nerves and excess caffeine. Maybe coffee hadn’t been the best decision. His toe connects painfully with the edge of the top stair, and John grabs the door to keep himself from literally falling into the flat. Sherlock, deep in concentration on his “
“You’ve made me believe in impossible things.”
"You said we needed to leave."
“Lying by omission, then. You knew I would assume you were getting drinks with Greg.”
“Cereal, John!”
"Tea, John?"
John caught the receptionist’s eye as he headed toward the door. Her face contorted into a grimace of pain and empathy. God only knows what Mycroft’s people told her when they called, but John was grateful to be leaving without a fuss. He nodded his thanks and hitched his bag higher up on his shoulder.
Sherlock grinned.
Sherlock’s search turns frantic as the echoing distorts the sound waves, throwing them against the walls and concealing the enemy’s position.
The doors to the operating theatre slam shut as John is wheeled where Sherlock can't follow. He starts to pace, fisting his hair in a desperate attempt to do…
John’s blood ran cold. He couldn’t imagine it. It was unthinkable. “That’s why there haven’t been any successful cases based on hypno,” he said with a nauseating wave of understanding.
“What is it, love? It’s just another day of school. You like school. Now come on, what’s wrong?”
Several minutes passed before John took mercy on Sherlock and broke the silence.
Tonight, however, the restaurant had been cleared, and a single table sat in the middle of the floor, bathed in light. It was all set dressing.
There was nothing left to occupy his idle hands, yet he left them soaking in the soapy water. It felt good though his fingers had long ago gone pruny. John had slung the damp dish towel over his shoulder and was making a show of rearranging and straightening the lines of dishes he’d dried. Sherlock read the kindness and the space John was attempting to give him. Good, kind, clever John who always knew what he needed and never pushed.
He rejoins Mycroft and Lestrade in the waiting room and sips thankfully at the hot tea. Damn Mycroft and his forethought. The caffeine of coffee would likely have been too much right now, but he could have saved Sherlock the dignity of refusing it. He wants to be contrary and stomp off to find coffee, regardless of the caffeine consequences, but he doesn’t leave the waiting room again. Damn Mycroft for knowing that too.
Sherlock groans and freezes as his abdomen spasms. John can feel the familiar warm wet spurt of his come filling him. He revels in it. Two more pumps and he is spilling over his own hand, painting Sherlock’s stomach. He drops unceremoniously onto the detective, smearing the mess between their bodies, but he doesn’t care. He breathes deeply and traces circles on Sherlock’s pectoral.
“Get biscuits.”
"I know, Sherlock, but he needs the doctors now."
John drew in a haggard breath. Five people – Jesus! “He’s a serial killer then?”
“I was going to say know-it-all.”
Mary shifts in the bed and John feels her bony hip press against his shoulder. She heaves a deep sigh in a very familiar baritone.
Sherlock blinks then refocuses.
“You care so much. All the time. About everything. How do you keep from being crushed by it all?”
“Oh Sherlock, surely you’ve figured that out by now.”
He stopped in the doorway looking hesitant. His eyes looked vulnerable, like he was begging John to let the topic drop. John smiled warmly to let Sherlock know he understood. He let his relief at the fact that Sherlock still considered them a unit shine through, knowing Sherlock would see it there.
John pulls his phone from his pocket and checks to see whether he has missed a notification. He knows he hasn't. He has been checking his phone every twenty minutes since Sherlock whirled out of their kitchen three weeks ago.
Ugh! John’s in his head now. Wonderful.
John drew his shoulders back. “Best get started then,” he said with finality – subject closed.
“Nah, they broke their ankle a couple years ago on a ski holiday in Switzerland with their family, but nothing seriously out of the norm. Why?” Lestrade’s voice was tinged with hope. John handed over the photograph and pointed at three distinct objects. The white bones stood out grotesquely amidst the dark charring and blood.
John wipes his dirty gloves across his jean-clad thighs. He pulls one of his gloves off and swipes the sweat off his forehead. He leans his face toward the sky, basking in the sun. He had thought he would hate this. Tending the earth had never really sounded like his thing. But he had needed a hobby. He isn't well enough to go back to work and his usual hobby has cut him off completely since he got home from hospital.
“Not feeling so well. Not sure I can make it upstairs.”
John stomped blindly down hallway after hallway, not truly seeing the house around him. He could feel his pulse beating in his temple, the last few moments playing on a loop in his mind. He saw vividly the defeated slump of Sherlock’s shoulders and the pained look on his face as he murmured
“I love you. Have done for quite some time now, maybe from the very beginning. I dunno. All I know is that I wasted so much time. Every day that I didn’t tell you was a waste. All that time we could have had, and I can never get it back.”
It takes several moments for Sherlock to register John's attention. The file must be fascinating. John smirks and his eyes flit back across the screen, taking in actual details this time. Something about the woman's bone structure catches his eye. As he leans in to take a closer look, Sherlock snaps the laptop closed and swings his legs off the mattress.
“It was…for a while. Magnussen changed everything. He was truly a font of knowledge, that man. Told me lots of helpful things about the Ice Man and his
The brothers stare at one another for several long moments. John briefly contemplates getting up and breaking the stalemate, but decides against it. At last, Sherlock gives a terse nod, and Mycroft breathes deep. John would almost swear it was a sigh of relief. If it had been anyone other than Mycroft Holmes John would have known it with certainty.
"Sherlock, I brought you some biscuits dear."
“You remember when Iain came over?”
When it was over, Sherlock hastily shoved his traitorous cock back into his pants and zipped his trousers. He wiped his palm on the floor and pushed himself to sitting. His body was satisfied, but he found no pleasure in it. The nausea and shock were pouring through now that the siren call of his flesh was sated. Sherlock pulled his knees to his chest, rested his forehead on them, and cried.
John, who had been hastily zipping his jacket by the door, stopped. He knew it was unfair to have lashed out at Sherlock like that, even if the detective had been trying to provoke him. “Look,” he said, one hand reaching out across the vast expanse of the sitting room. John hastily lowered his arm and clenched his fist at his side. “I’m sorry, alright?”
John snorts in disbelief and impatience.
“…..”
John’s warm, solid heat beside him was a familiar comfort, but the steady silence between them was underlaid with a subtle tension that Sherlock did not know how to bridge. He laid the Belstaff over his crossed legs to hide the anxiety-induced jangling.
"Of course!"
“Shit. Fuck, yeah. Oh yeah. I’m coming. I’m coming.”
All motion stops as he discovers the wound. It is now clear that John didn’t drop the gun out of exhaustion. He dropped it because he could no longer physically hold the weapon with the damage his shoulder sustained. His shirt is quickly soaking crimson. Sherlock whips off his scarf and tries to stem the flow. He quickly calls emergency services and gives them the necessary information. As he hangs up, he knows the exchange was sufficient, but he can’t for the life of him remember anything he said. All that matters is that John is here, and the man in his arms is dying.
Mycroft nodded, and John threw open the car door. He had no clue what was going on, but now that a single wooden door stood between him and Sherlock, he felt certain he was about to find out.
“Right. So anyway, wanted to give you two an update on the case. You were absolutely right, John. The lab has identified three human femurs belonging to two different people. It took them bloody ages, but they’ve positively identified the remains of Alex Dumas. The other remains are still unidentified, but preliminary examination indicates they belong to a male of roughly the same age. The explosion has really bungled this whole investigation. The cause of death is undetermined, and we haven’t been able to locate a single motive or potential perpetrator. We know that two young people are dead from presumably unnatural causes, but without anything further, the only crime we can definitively prove is arson, and perhaps desecration of a corpse. We need him on this one.”
“You can’t what?”
He absently presses against his own cock and chokes on his own arousal. He hadn’t realized how turned on he was getting from watching the pair on the sofa. He unzips his trousers and takes himself in hand, stroking slowly with the rhythm of John’s undulating body. Stephen’s head is thrown back against the arm of the sofa while John sucks firmly at his earlobe.
“Oh, you want to
Sherlock is panting hard between words. His irises blown wide, eclipsing everything else. The man is bloody irresistible.
“I can’t."
“So far, the Yard has been unable to put together much information,” Sherlock sneered.
Sherlock was surprised by how calm he sounded. He’d expected a diatribe about dashing off without him and concerned questions about his breakdown in the alley. He could tell John was interested, very much so. Why wasn’t he asking?
.” His voice dripped with disdain at the very notion. “It is very far from ok.”
“Right, thanks then,” Greg said, swallowing the last of his beer. “Look I’ve got to get back. The paperwork on this case is unbelievable, and I’ve left Donovan in charge. If I don’t get back soon, between her and Anderson, the whole place will likely be in shambles.” He pulled a few wrinkled notes from his wallet. “Drinks on me this time, alright?”
“I don’t know anything anymore.”
"What were you doing before your relapse?"
“I’m not mad about the stupid book!”
When the basin was full, Sherlock turned off the tap and submerged the dirty dishware. He knew the water was still too hot, but the shock was grounding. He moved the items around so that they all eventually fit underneath the canopy of bubbles. He watched his long, pale fingers turn red with heat.
“Just because Papa taught you the scientific method -“
associates. There aren't many sources with the institutional knowledge to tell us what we need to know."
“Oi, listen! I really don’t think that. It’s obvious to me that you’re not enjoying what’s happening here. I don’t know the details of what happened, but Mycroft mentioned that this time was different. Will you talk to me? Between the two of us, maybe we can figure this out, yeah? I want to help.”
“I will Dad!”
Sherlock’s hips were pushing up into the pressure of M’s hand though Sherlock’s mind was screaming at him to run.
. Even taking into consideration, my overinflated sense of self-importance,” John says, all sarcasm, “making me sick wouldn’t justify this level of investigation. What’s going on, Sherlock?”
Apologies for the tardiness. Mrs. Hudson insisted on sending a cake when she found out I was coming to yours for tea. It delayed my departure."
Sherlock gathers their things and helps John into his jacket. John feels a delicate flush steal up his neck as Sherlock brushes his shoulders to flatten the material. He grips the doorknob and gestures with his other hand.
Sherlock nodded, the movement rigid and quick. John leaned forward, trying to catch his eye.
A feeling of unease gathered in John’s chest. Greg rarely texted John about a case. Sherlock was notoriously bad at returning texts, and John had willingly taken up the mantle of go-between for Sherlock and the world at large. But Sherlock always made an effort to reply when the message was case-related, and John had never seen his silence on such an occasion stretch beyond twenty-four hours.
The waiting room bursts into action when the wailing cuts off abruptly. Clearly, the man is not a parent. He didn’t know not to give the kid a hard candy. Idiot.
“I’d rather know what’s happening now.”
John absorbed this information with horror. To imagine Sherlock young and vulnerable, out of control and suicidal - it didn’t bear imagining really. “But you got him out?”
Mycroft’s hand, which had moved to brush the wet fringe back from his brother’s face, hovered in the empty space between them. With a shake of his head, he withdrew the hand and slipped it into his own pocket, as if he needed to be physically restrained from such motions.
“I was only gone a few hours.”
John is sprawled in the center of Sherlock’s large bed. The bedside lamp is on and every detail of John is illuminated for Sherlock’s viewing pleasure.
Sherlock's arms twitch but his frame remains locked tight. Mycroft lowers his voice and tries again.
the information so that John has to come after him. Arrogant arse! John is not at all amused.
The revelation of a Mary-Moriarty partnership should capture John’s full attention, but it’s really the dark, unfamiliar fringe that steals his focus. Mary’s hair is long with curls hanging past her shoulders. The look softens her and makes her seem younger, more vulnerable than the experience-hardened woman he married. Perhaps the woman in the picture was. Who knows when the photograph was taken?
John, not wanting Sherlock to stop on his account, looked down at his own plate and tucked in. When he had eaten half his sandwich, he looked up intending to locate his tea. Sherlock was watching him with a deep penetrating gaze. John squirmed under the scrutiny.
“Not for long.”
. He puts the empty mug in the sink for later, grabs his jacket, and hails a cab. Bloody Mycroft can bloody well pay his transportation costs this morning after coming to Baker St. before dawn and not even bothering to relay
“And what are you, Sherlock?” he asked, trying to keep his voice gentle and calm.
"Good idea. I will accompany you."
Mycroft glanced back, and the corner of his mouth tightened in something akin to a smirk.
“Shall we?”
He contented himself with watching Sherlock’s face slacken in sleep. The tension seemed to drain away and a peacefulness stole over him. His lashes fluttered lightly, but he kept one hand firmly clasped around the material of John’s jumper.
The question itself is innocuous, but the tone of Mycroft’s voice sends a cold chill down his spine.
John's smile flickers at the pensive expression on Sherlock's face.
“Annabelle Georgiana Rothschild Aimes.”
Clearly, M thought he was toying with him, but Sherlock had shored up that particular weakness. When they’d first met, he’d been an addict funneling all his family money into his habit. As a result, he’d often been hungry. In the past, M had used that fact to control him. The promise of a warm meal and a dry bed had been a more than fair price for giving up a little control.
John moves slowly but deliberately to place himself in front of the detective, an actual human shield. Mary sneers and raises her arm, adjusting her aim for Sherlock’s forehead.
“I told you it wasn’t necessary.”
Sherlock was about to do all three.
A cruel slap to his other cheek forced his eyes open again as M clawed his hands over Sherlock’s shoulders. “You keep those pretty eyes on me, Sherlock,” he panted.
John cautiously opens one eye, afraid that he'll be wrong. But he's not. He's at Baker Street. In Sherlock's bed. With Sherlock next to him.
“I can’t promise to never leave you behind. If given the choice between my safety and yours, your safety will always come first.”
"No more. I can't -- I don't -- No. No! I want… I want my…"
“This really will take days,” he said.
Mary inclines her head in acceptance, but Sherlock barely sees. He is busy watching John drop from the window and sneak along the shadows.
“Ok,” John said, buying time and processing this piece of information.
“Yeah. God. So bloody good. He’s so bloody good. Aren’t you, love?”
John, with as much gentleness as he could muster, carefully slid the button out of the hole and let the fabric gape apart. His fingers brushed softly against Sherlock’s skin as he drew back, fluttering as softly as butterfly wings. He got only a fleeting perception of warmth before his fingers touched air.
“It’s alright,” he said softly. “It’s all alright.”
John speaks so softly that Sherlock almost misses it. His mouth hangs open in shock, and John clears his throat as he changes the subject.
-together, as they so often claim, but they are clearly a couple. The men of 221B complement each other. They move together in the choreography of shared-living effortless, as if they have always done so. It clearly was meant to be.
possible! I hate you!”
“Sorry, Bee. I didn’t mean to frighten you. Everything’s alright. Where’s you dad, huh?”
“The hypno-rophenol one?” John asked. “Thought that was a one off?”
Sherlock's eyebrows shoot up in surprise.
Not offended in the least, John shrugged. “Alright, can you walk me through this then?” He said it more for Sherlock’s benefit than his own.
“Rosie?"
“What’s that?”
“Broken.”
Greg’s eyes had been focused on the table, but he quickly raised them to John. Greg’s elbows rested on the table, and they seemed to be the only thing holding him up. “It’s this bloody case,” he answered with a resigned sigh.
“You’re mine, Sherlock,” he growled. “Did you think I had forgotten?”
Suddenly, his jaw clamped down hard, and Sherlock spasmed, trying to get away, but his body was pinned beneath M’s. The man tightened his grip on Sherlock’s hair until it was painful. With his other hand, he squeezed Sherlock through his trousers. The pressure felt sinfully good, but M’s nails dug into his flesh. The pleasure and pain mixed into a confusing cocktail that had Sherlock wishing he was anywhere else.
Sherlock keens and his body pulls taut before he bends almost in half, John's mouth on his cock may be the only thing holding him up. John swallows every last pulse and feels the beginnings of his own orgasm.
John smiled. “Take me through it?”
“I understand if this isn’t something you want anymore. Or if it never was. I mean, it definitely felt like there were times where it could have happened, but then everything else happened and maybe we missed our chance? I’m not explaining this well. A lot has happened between us, maybe too much, but I still want this. That’s what I’m trying to say. I know that this – us – comes with a child now. Maybe that’s too much to ask. But I hope it’s not. Dear God, I hope it’s not because I will never love anyone else the way that I love you, Sherlock.”
Sherlock flings his door open on the word wife, and John pitches forward, almost careening head-first into the floor. Luckily, Sherlock's solid torso blocks the way. John's forehead rests against the soft silk of Sherlock's expensive button up and he can feel the subtle rise and fall of the chest beneath the shirt. Sherlock gently grips John’s shoulders to steady him before easing him back upright.
The name clearly means nothing to John, who stares at Sherlock in a state of total befuddlement.
John just smiles already anticipating the delicious shock of a Sherlock proven wrong as he pulls out his phone to send his text:
At that moment, a nondescript man in a nondescript black suit appeared in the doorway.
He blushed furiously despite John’s caution. “No!” he said a little too loudly. “No, it’s nothing like that. I,” Sherlock hesitated.
John gritted his teeth against the arguments he wanted to hurl at Mycroft. It wouldn’t do any good. They were discussing the past, and try as he might, John could not change it. “So, what happened? How did Sherlock get free?”
Sherlock turns on his side to better watch the hypnotic flex of John’s powerful thighs and arse.
Look at the facts:
He sprints for the bathroom as Mycroft reassures Lestrade that he will handle it. He hands Lestrade his umbrella, straightens his lapel, and follows Sherlock.
Sherlock was shaking his head. “But John – “
“So damn hot. Jesus! This mouth is unbelievable. Take it. Yes!”
Thanks so much for stopping by. Your presence is thrilling as ever, brother mine. Now, get out."
John's heart clenches. It had been years since Sherlock had deemed it necessary to sign his texts. John had teased him about it.
The door swung open to reveal a shockingly cluttered room that flouted the obviously patrician hand which had furnished the rest of the house. A long table ran the length of the room and a tall, skinny tower of immaculately spaced shelves was wedged in the corner. The shelves held an inventive variety of beakers, retorts, and flasks. The table itself was strewn with maps, diagrams, several old CPUs, an assortment of monitors, a keyboard missing several keys and a mouse with the connector cord snipped in half.
John was so lost in thought, that he hardly noticed Mrs. Turner slip into the room. She walked right to the bed, straightened the sheets, plumped Sherlock's pillow, and patted the back of his hand reassuringly. Then, she disappeared into the hallway, only to reappear a moment later with a steaming cup of tea and several finger sandwiches. John tried to be appreciative, but he couldn't stomach either. Mrs. Turner rested her hand on his shoulder in complete understanding before shutting the door on her way out. The thud of the door reverberated and lent a finality that echoed through the room and rested heavily in John's chest. He almost wished she would come back and fill the silence with idle chatter, though she did not seem the type. His heart ached for missing their own landlady who would certainly have sat and prattled on about nothing just to provide the comfort she knew her boys would never verbally request.
