He looked around for something to punch. There wasn’t anything. Just empty.
Somehow, he made it to the Impala and drove to Sam. He didn’t remember most of the drive, just random flashes of clarity, like when he saw a crow fly away from the side of the road and wondered if Cas still had wings.
he thought,
He noticed distantly that there were hot tears streaking down his face. He ignored them, too. Being numb was easier.
He still couldn’t quite bring himself to even think the word, because if he thought it, if he acknowledged it at all, then it would be real, and it couldn’t be real. He needed it to not be real. If he just ignored it for long enough, he could wake up and Cas would be back and it would have all been a dream, just one long bad dream, because Cas couldn’t really be gone.
It was a handprint.
The second thing he noticed was the silence. It was just as cold as the bricks, if not colder, and as soon as he noticed it, it became oppressive and heavy. Empty.
am I supposed to do?”
After some time had passed, Sam had turned away, muttering something about research and whiskey. Dean didn’t react - to be honest, he had kind of forgotten Sam was even there. After a moment, Jack turned a puppy-eyed look full of concern and sorrow towards Dean, and then followed Sam. Dean still didn’t react.
He put his own hand over the mark and gripped it tight, closing his eyes and trying to pretend he could feel the rough warmth that was there not too long ago sliding under his palm, alive and strong and holding him back. It didn’t work.
The fifth thing he noticed wasn’t until later, after he had stood up and, on autopilot, gone to find himself a glass of whiskey. He had looked at his reflection in the glass, wavering and fragmented, and noticed a blotch of red on his shoulder, the one that Cas always grabbed.
He looked at the smoke rising from the dying fire, and for just a moment, blurred by tears, it looked for all the world like a pair of two black wings stretching out against the moon and stars. Then he blinked, and they were gone - just clouds of ash and dust silhouetted against the night.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
He was full-on crying now, and at some point, he had started speaking out loud, screaming into the empty black night.
When Dean finally came back to himself, the first thing he noticed was how cold the bricks pressing into his back were. It was funny - all this time, and he had never noticed how cold this room of the bunker was. He had never quite appreciated it enough.
He looked back to the fire, and now he was angry again, because he didn’t know how to be anything else.
“What about me, huh Cas? What am I supposed to do? Huh? What the
There was no body to burn. Just emptiness, a blank space where something should have been.
The fourth thing he noticed was how empty the room was. It was clean and undisturbed, like nothing had happened at all. And that was the problem, the emptiness; it started in the room, on the outside, but soon it was inside too, like a void growing slowly in the back of Dean’s throat.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The third thing he noticed was the ringing in his ears as he finally lifted his head from his hands and looked around.
Cas was gone and Cas wasn’t supposed to be gone, because Dean was feeling too much and he didn’t know how to feel about feeling so much, so he just fell to his knees and glared at the flames and wished for something he could never have.
Dean was staring up at the dark sky now, Cas’s words echoing in his head.
"Did you get hurt because of me?" Jack asks, suddenly looking sad.
Dean seems pleased with his answer if the grin he sends his way is any indication.
He hears the shrilling sounds of his mother screaming a name as she’s dragged away.
“Your soul doesn’t have eyes, Dean,” Arariel points out as she surrenders the bed with some kind of purple powder.
Dean wants to punch Lucifer for insinuating that he would ever hurt children...but that would just prove his point about Dean being dangerous, so he just squeezes his fists and tries to calm his breath instead.
Dean fidgets with the kid's pajamas, pondering. The day had been warm for March, yet he still worries that Jack might be cold tonight if he only sleeps in his underwear. Dean's not sure that waking the kid to manhandle him into his pajamas would be worth it though. Jack can get cranky when he's tired and Dean is too exhausted to handle one of his temper tantrums right now.
to help," Cas accuses when he tries to pull Dean's pants off the rest of the way. It's stuck under Dean's knees. Dean makes a feeble attempt to move his legs to help. Given Castiel's pestering, he would say it's not really helpful.
"Well, you're not taking anything from that car until I see the two hundreds for towing and storage," the man warns.
“Dean isn’t my boyfriend,” he grunts, trying to push her off to no avail.
This time, it's Castiel that slides closer, so close that's he's hugging his arm as Dean opens the envelope on his lap.
On TV, they say he’s a hero. Agent Henrikson keeps repeating that they couldn’t have arrested his Father without his help. Castiel and Jody listen to him say it on three different channels.
Just thinking about it makes his hips twitch, seeking friction against his own dick. The water is too soft around it, doesn't let him rub against Cas' stomach like he needs to. It's silk when he wants rough, soft pressure when he wants hard and it makes him groan in frustration as even the stroke of Castiel's shaft against him is suddenly not enough anymore.
“I didn’t realize this would be a problem for you. I heard about some of your affairs with people you didn’t know beforehand. I’m pretty sure some of them were virgins too,” Cas explains.
“Well, they’ve obviously never had a toddler before.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel has battled Heaven and Hell, he’s come face to face with Archangels and Demons more powerful than him with barely any hesitation. Yet he’s never been more scared of anything than he is of talking to Dean tonight.
Dean can feel his own cheeks redding, his heart suddenly running a sprint in his chest. "Hey no, we don't need to-"
"Breakfast in twenty!" Ruby's voice suddenly interrupts with a hard knock against the door.
Cas can’t help but be hurt by the reminder of Winchester’s animosity toward him. He’s again reminded that everything that has happened to their relationship these past three days has only been one sided.
From Cas' reaction, it may be the first time Jack calls him that. Second, Dean thinks, remembering Jack calling Cas 'daddy' just after the fire. Of course, Cas ends up saying yes, eyes a little too moist.
Dean sends another look around the table, not crossing anyone’s eyes, before he goes inside. The only sign of his anger is the way the door closes a little too harshly behind him.
The walls are in a poor state with holes and suspicious stains. The brown couch looks like it belongs in a garbage bin. There are books piled up next to it, being used as a makeshift side table.
Dean takes two steps closer, stepping between Cas’ feet.
"Well, it's nice to finally meet you Dean. I sure wish this luncheon will give me the chance to learn everything about you."
? Because that’s what you’ve called it every single time. Well, the two times you actually acknowledged it, counting this very conversation.”
“It’s not alcohol.” Castiel looks at her dubiously. “I promise! Cross my heart and all that crap.”
"Liar."
"Well, likewise, dumbass."
“Thank you, Dean. That means more than you know,” Cas says, voice a little hoarse.
Dean's head snaps in the direction of the voice, finding another man sitting at the same table as him. He's wearing a full on chain mail, brown hair tousled by the metal helmet that is now sitting on the table next to him. His scruff is just long enough to be called a beard, highlighting a strong jaw and high cheekbones. He looks rugged and handsome and his eyes are right on Cas.
"I'm not hungry," Dean growls, pushing his empty glass toward the bartender to signal he wants a refill.
"I'm fine. Just tired," Dean dismisses, fluffing his pillows and arranging the sheets. It's all very domestic. Surrealist, really. "It was a nice evening."
"Don't sound so surprised," Dean tries to shrug it off.
"Did you walk here?"
************
“Dean is your cousin?!” Kevin exclaims. “Oh my god, tell us
His balls are against Cas' ass, tight heat massaging him from the inside and Dean is sure for a second that he's going to come right this instant.
Dean points at the car behind him with one of his hands, making sure to make no sudden move and keeping them above his head. "That's my car."
Dean closes the lid over that damn trash so hard that he can see Charlie startle. He takes a deep breath, trying to calm himself, but his heart is still pounding.
"About what?" Dean asks, genuinely surprised. "I was the one with the 'secrets'"
“Castiel-,” Rariel starts to say.
"Of course, my dear," Naomi says, leaning forward until her hand touches his forehead. "You're as clammy as a fish. I should come home with you, and make sure you're okay," she announces, taking her napkin off her lap and deposing it on the table, ready to stand up.
“I will not permit you to talk to me that way. This is highly inappropriate behavior,” Cas answers, feeling the vein in his forehead pop under the pressure. At this point, he should probably name that vein ‘Dean’ because it appears every single time they talk.
The trail is easy enough, not as steep as Dean was expecting. Only the toddlers stayed with one of the nannies, the four oldest coming with them for the day. They run all around for the first mile, then start dragging their feet and complaining, so Dean tries to distract them by inventing games to play on the way.
“Jimmy is with Sam. I think it’s time we talk.” Cas says, looking like he wants to run away.
"How could you bring such a vile character here, Castiel? Let him sit at our table? Play with our children!" Lucifer accuses, raising up, hands fisted on the desk in front of him.
Dean sighs and takes the phone.
"I - " Cas closes his mouth, grabbing his plate and going to the sink. He has barely eaten anything. "I need some sleep. Do you mind watching Jack for an hour?"
"Isn't your mom single too?"
“Oh no right, you’re just two guys having hot steamy sex. Ouuh, speaking of steamy, did you ever do it in the shower? Tell us everything,” she encourages, lecherous.
"Didn't we just have a talk about that?" Cas says, squinting in reprimand.
"Is that why you were reduced to stealing in the past?" she asks, looking genuinely intrigued. She doesn't look like she pity him though, and Dean is glad because that would have just pissed him off.
"It was, though," Dean says, looking down.
He can’t feel the rain hitting his skin, he doesn’t have skin, but he can see the droplets of water falling, and can hear the splash they make as they hit the pavement. He looks around with no eyes. It’s a dark street, illuminated only by streetlight and the reddish glow of a neon sign. He can feel the cold seeping into his bones, the hunger in the pit of his stomach.
"I answered the question!" Cas teasingly protests.
"I'm sorry for the way things ended between us," Cas admits, turning his cup of coffee nervously in his hands.
"Oh shoot, I don't think I'm available that night," Dean tries to dismiss.
He knows Cas isn't telling him everything about his past, but this story is about Jack so it doesn't matter. It feels like Cas might some day, and that's enough for Dean right now.
A one person seat.
Just thinking about all this is making his head swim, so he just nods and goes to take the crib out of storage. Not that it could hold back that kid from going wherever he wants to anyway.
"I hate you both," Dean sulks into his beer.
"Dean…," Jody tries to reassure.
Cas turns on him, eyes glaring and mouth open in what will probably be a flow of reproaches. He stops himself before he says anything though, seeming to deflate. He closes his eyes and takes a deep breathe instead, shoulders falling. "I'm sorry. You're right. I should be thanking you. I have no right to make you any reproach when I brought this on myself."
“I am. The town librarian is actually a great help. Sam, I think you may know her. A charming brunette named Fiona?” Despite his question to Sam, Cas’ eyes are fixed on Dean. They don’t leave him as he slowly bites into an olive. The audacity!
“Taw,” the little boy says, pointing at the fridge.
Castiel can feel his own smile starting to crumble, but forces it right back up. He passes the pad of his thumb over Dean's lips until they start to turn up at the corner.
"How nice, you really did choose an outfit that fit this environment," Naomi greets him, looking at his red and black plaid shirt.
Sam ignores his sarcasm, seeming deep in thoughts. “So...super strength, no reaction to holy water or silver, teleportation; that sounds like an angel, Dean,” Sam concludes.
"You should eat something more," Castiel says, passing a hand through Dean's hair.
He cringes when he hears Cas following him.
“Oh,” Castiel says, realizing his mishap. He generally avoids telling people that kind of thing.
“Oh, I did. Many times. It only worked for about five days the first time before he managed to fly right out of it too.”
"Fixing a leak."
"Give it back to me," he spits as soon as Benny appears at the back entrance.
What the hell kind of family did Dean just step into?
"Same for me, please," he says after Castiel ordered some wine with a name Dean can't pronounce. At least, he hopes that's wine. Who knows. Hell, in this place the bottles of water are probably more expensive than his usual brand of beer.
Dean knows the ex-angel is grumpy in the morning, so he waits for them to stop at a diner for lunch before he tries to talk to him.
“There goes the good mood,” Sam mumbles to himself as he slides off his stool.
“Cas,” Dean gasps. Even though his brother kept in contact with the angel (ex-angel?), Dean is still relieved to see him here, to be able to check by himself that Cas is doing okay.
************
“That’s a euphemism,” Castiel scoffs. “Since the beginning of time, nephilim have been considered the ultimate abomination. Angels hunt them. I killed some of them myself,” Cas confesses, abashed. “Accepting Jimmy was one of the conditions of the angels’ return to Heaven. The Heaven we want to build is more...let’s say human friendly. An angel that couldn’t accept Jimmy’s human side had no place in New Heaven.”
For all he made a fuss about Dean bringing one, Benny barely looks at the Salvage Yard's bill, just takes a glance at the sum.
"I've kept you a seat right beside me," Naomi says, pulling a chair for him to sit, right next to the head of the table.
The boy looks up, only now noticing the teenager standing awkwardly on the living room’s doorway. He sends him a quick smile of salutation and Cas waves at him, but the boy’s attention is already back on his book.
“Cas accidentally confessed to it a few days ago and refuses to tell us more since,” Charlie despairs.
"I must be a freaking masochist."
Ricky was his last shot. It was a long one, he really does owe that bastard some serious money. Guess he can kiss the job interview at two goodbye. It was for some kind of assistant job. It sounded easy enough, buying coffee and picking dry cleaning and stuff. But it was still a long shot anyway. Dean's only real job experience is being a bagger boy when he was seventeen and it lasted about two months before his dad decided to move them further east.
Dean chokes on his own saliva, heart nearly jumping out of his chest. It's not reticence this time, not by the way his dick is fully on board again.
"Don't listen to him, you're perfect," Dean reassures the dog, earning himself a lick on the mouth. He grimaces and pushes her away. "Shh, I told you, Daisy, I'm sorry but you're just not my type." The dog whines in answer, sending a look to his plate of bacon. "You're a beautiful lady, we're just not made for one another."
"Dean was kind enough to help me with the children this morning," Hannah says, sending a kind smile to Dean. "He had the children play a game to avoid one of Claire's tantrums, and promised a prize to the winner."
“Jo would just cackle and never let me live it down. And no offense, but I’ve never seen Charlie with a shirt that doesn’t have a funny quote or picture on it, so I’m not convinced she’s qualified either,” Dean notes. He looks Castiel from head to toe. Cas is wearing a green tee shirt with a red hoodie jacket and simple blue jeans. Not exactly a fashion icon either. Dean tilts his head sideways, like he realizes that, but also knows Cas is all he’s got so that will have to do. “Come on, pick one,” he finally urges, designating the bed.
“Hi kiddo,” Jody salutes him with the same smile as the FBI Agent, friendly if tense. She comes to him like she’s going to hug him, but stops herself, contenting herself with a soft touch to his elbow, like she always does. “Where are your shoes?” she asks with a frown, always the perceptive cop. Castiel doesn’t answer, still looking at Henrikson who is starting to shuffle his feet, ill at ease under his scrutiny. Jody’s face is suddenly right in front of him, her hands squeezing his shoulders as she looks him over. “Are you okay? What happened?” she asks again, getting worried. “Did someone steal your shoes?”
Dean jumps when he hears a low chuckle, only now noticing Cas standing at the head of the bed. He has a weird look on his face, his eyes a little too red.
“Dean, there’s no need to feel obligated to-”
Castiel's legs only release him when Dean's dick is soft enough that it slides out of him, a gush of hot come following. Dean slides to the side, but keeps a hand on Castiel's thigh to keep his legs spread. He kisses a trail over Cas' ribs, as he slides two fingers against the burning place down under, catching the leaking fluid and pushing it back in. Castiel groans in approval, pushing back against Dean's fingers until they seal his entrance, slightly massaging it. The skin there is hot and swollen, and Dean has the fleeting idea of soothing it with his mouth. Cas' hand grabs his hair, pulling him up until their mouths can meet again, and Dean drinks the other man's pants as their heartbeat slowly calms down.
“You have no right to judge me on this,” Cas says, voice hard and so close that Dean can see nothing but his flashing blue eyes.
"Dean I-"
He yelps when he's suddenly thrown to the side, his back barely hitting the mattress before Cas' body is covering him and his mouth devouring him again.
Dean nods, releasing Cas’s hand when he realizes he’s still holding it. The angel's worried eyes on him makes him wonder if he did hear Dean’s (mostly involuntary) prayers.
Definitely wary, then.
"Ketch will drive you to the train station tonight. He'll buy you a ticket back to Lawrence. We never want to see you again after that, is that clear?" Naomi orders.
“Yes, sir,” the three angels answer before nodding and going straight for the map room.
"You're a terrible liar," Dean teases, bumping their noses together, affectionately.
The rhythmic sounds of the knife hitting the cutting board stops. It's just for a second, but long enough for Dean's heart to pick up the pace. The kitchen is open planned, Cas' back visible from where Dean is in the living room. He can see the other man sway from left to right a little before he starts cutting peppers again.
“You realize that instead of using those wards on the toilets, we could have just put them on our bed, right?”
His knee and back aches from the position he’s in, yet he doesn’t move an inch until he hears Sam waking up a few steps away. He takes a deep breath, gets up and puts on a brave face.
“Let me guess, by inviting you to the party?” Dean asks with an eye roll.
"I should be the one asking you that. That vein on your forehead looks ready to pop any minute now."
Castiel follows Dean anyway as he leads him toward the Chem Labs. Cas frowns, dubitative, when Dean closes the door of the empty classroom and steps closer to him.
Cas suddenly feels like an intruder watching them. He squirms and realizes he’s still sitting practically on Dean's lap even though there’s a whole empty couch just beside them now.
They stay like this for so long, eyes closed, that he can feel Dean starts to shiver, his sweaty skin cooling down against the frigid air of the bunker. Cas lets his hands caress Dean’s skin a last time before they’re both instantly cleaned and clothed again.
"Dean," Castiel calls again, one of his legs wrapping around Dean's hips until he can pull him closer between his spread legs. This time, Dean lets him, pressing his hips in the gap between Cas' thighs.
"Obviously!" Bobby yells. "I mean, boohoo your life sucks, princess, but you can't expect people to fight for you if you don't give them a reason to. Hell, if you won't even fight for yourself! What do you think this is, a freaking fairy tale? That your brother is gonna forgive everything and find you in the middle of bum fuck, and then the rich guy will fall helplessly in love with you and gives up his whole world for you? Which freaking lifetime movie do you think you're living in?" Bobby says, waving his arms. "Newsflash, the real world sucks. If you want something you've gotta fight for it. And even then, it will tell you to fuck off, but you just fight harder.
“So he’s a Jimmy, I was wondering about his name,” Dean says, scraping his throat when he’s caught looking at Cas interacting with his son for a little too long.
way. "Alright, I'll be there in twenty. You think you can abstain yourself for punching him until then?"
Castiel just hums in answer to signal he heard him. He is in the kitchen a few feet over, cooking some kind of vegetable wok thing. Dean sends a careful look to Jack who's kneeling in front of the coffee table and drawing. The kid is humming to himself and shaking his head a little, too engrossed in his own little world to pay them any mind, so Dean wills himself to broach the subject that has been on his mind.
Once the shock has passed though, he feels really proud of himself. Not only was he brave enough to ask, but Dean must find him adequately attractive to have said yes.
I really liked writing this story, even though that was not what I had planned at all when I started writing it. I hope you still enjoyed reading it
“Your dad has been arrested.” Pamela brusquely says.
“I know you do, Jody,” he affirms and it sounds like a pardon. Maybe it is, God knows she only ever tries to help him. From the moment Jody found him surrounded by dead bodies, put a useless hand on his eyes and her jacket on his shoulders, all she ever did was try to protect him, to help him. “You always do,” he admits, trying to smile. He’s not sure he succeeds, but she seems touched anyway.
This kiss is definitely better than the first. But the next one is even better. And the next one. And the next one...
Now that Dean isn't filling his whole vision anymore, Cas notices the yellow bunny abandoned on the bed.
"Don't say that," Castiel stops him. "You don't know them, Dean."
didn't like it when his kids talked back. He didn't like pansy though, wanted his kids to be tough and take no shit. Dean wonders briefly what his dad would think of everything that happened to Dean this last month. Of what his life has become. Of him liking another man. He stomps that thought fast though, because he's pretty sure John wouldn't be happy about it.
In the last few days I've been working on a prequel about Castiel's (and Jack's) past and it's now complete. It's about 22k and will be posted after the end of this fic. I hope it'll answer some of your questions and that you're intrigued enough to want to read about how Jimmy became Castiel^^
“That we do, buddy,” Dean says, raising his eyebrows a few times with a grin as he drops his pants. Cas blushes a little before grabbing the pants of the second outfit and throwing them at him. “You know, people generally want me to take my pants off, not put some on.”.
Dean has barely squeezed himself on the couch next to Cas when Jack climbs on his lap and asks them for a story. Gabriel, who was chatting with Cas, takes the opportunity to tell them all outrageous, barely PG, stories with such dynamism that all the kids end up piling up on the couch with them to listen. Cas doesn't look upset at the idea of sharing his blanket, even though Crowley does make him spill some of his tea (voluntarily, Dean is sure of it) and Cas has to abandon the rest of it on the coffee table or risk his shirt.
Cas’ face scrunches up in confusion as he sits straighter, sitting the kid between his legs.
Dean is just stating facts. Cas can freely interpret them.
He takes a deep breath and dial Cas’ number. He’s already left him half a dozen messages, unbeknown to Sam, going from screaming to pretty much begging, but the angel still hasn’t reached back.
He tells him about his brother Nick replacing his father as the reverent of their congregation after his death. About Nick's conservative ideas, about the hateful speeches he gave and how Castiel (Jimmy, at the time) started finding them less and less bearable. Jimmy had never questioned his identity or sexuality, and has always walked the line that his father had traced for him. A good catholic man. Dean can't help but think about the similarities with his own life when Cas tells him about Jimmy marrying his highschool sweetheart, even though he never loved her.
Dean stops talking when he meets Cas' stare. There is a hardness in it that Dean wasn't expecting. A coldness that makes him realize he's lost Cas, before the other man even pushes his hands away and takes a step back.
“Dean, what’s happening?” comes a little voice. Cas looks up and only sees a blur, but from the mop on the head and the size, it can only be Sam.
“You don’t have enough space for all of us out here, and I ain’t sleeping on your crappy couch. You just watch over him. I’ve seen my share of that at the Roadhouse, he’ll be fine,” Bobby dismissed, already getting his car keys out of his pocket.
Dean shrugs, squatting and joining his hands to make a little cup, indulging Jack as he runs back and forth to bring him strawberries one by one.
His outburst has opened his eyes and now he can't stop thinking about Jack. He was so focused on his 'relationship' with Cas that he didn't even realize how involved he had become with his son. Now Jack is attached, and he shouldn't be. Whatever happens with Cas, Dean will only end up disappointing and hurting that kid. He knows it, is as certain of this as the sky is blue.
"You're a very smart man, Dean."
, he remembers, but oh how he wishes he could see it, see what Castiel looks like in all his glory, his true form. Instead when he reaches for him, it’s only in an immaterial way. He can feel how powerful, how pure Cas true essence really is.
“Anyone that doesn’t agree with this is free to leave,” Castiel says, eyes hard on the two angels.
“My house,” Dean says. He’s trying to make Castiel raise his arms with little success.
So much for the no homo. His erection doesn't seem to care if the warm ass under it is female or not. It definitely doesn't seem to be abating even now that Dean is conscious and aware it's a dude's butt he's nestled against.
Conflicting images flash behind his eyelids. A first meeting in a barn with literal sparks flying and as much fright as wonder in Dean's eyes. Another one in the garage Dean is now working at. Castiel only went there because he was missing him, never believing he would get to have more than a few minutes with Dean, thinking it would be their last. It ended up being a new beginning for them.
"Where are your parents?"
"Court?" Dean grimaces. "Like, buy me flowers and read poetry under my balcony and stuff?"
Dean looks down at his handful of petit-fours. He took so many he can barely hold them all. Naomi would surely disapprove. Hell, from Castiel's look he disapproves too. Dean sends him a cheeky grin and puts three bites in his mouth at once. Castiel rolls his eyes in exasperation.
"Get the fuck out of my property before I shoot your ass full of lead!" a gruff voice calls.
“Taw?” he asks, pointing at the table.
Suddenly, there is beer and a barbecue with giant turkey legs starting to roast. Even the kid castle that Dean has built as a gift for Jack has been invaded, a clan of people dressed as Vikings sitting on the ground inside, squeezed together and clinking their beer glasses like they've just found the coolest bar around. It looks more like some kind of medieval festival than a kid's birthday party, but Jack doesn't seem to mind. He looks at everything and everyone in awe, before he announces that he needs to put on a costume too.
“I understand your logic, Arariel, but the wards would block him if he had even an ounce of Grace inside him,” Castiel considers.
Dean looks toward Cas' house, surprised that his neighbor didn't come running after Jack right away. It's not unusual for Jack to run out the front door, especially to come to Dean's house, but Castiel is generally not far behind. He's indeed standing on the porch, looking at them from afar. Dean just has time to notice his frown before Cas' poker face is back in place.
"Look, I know it's none of my business, but just because I have a nice soul or whatever and the kid likes me doesn't mean you should let him go to a stranger's house like that."
"I can do both."
Dean muffles a groan as the heel of Castiel's hand presses into the tense muscle of his upper back.
“He’ll be eleven months in three days.”
“Why? It’s not
Dean looks down at the table between them, biting his lips and willing himself not to cry. He's such an idiot. He should have thought of that before he walked here, tried to argue harder with Benny to get his money back. He was so panicked and out of it that he didn't even think about the money he would need to get Baby out of the impound lot. Now there is no way he can make the walk to Benny and back without freezing to death.
“How tasteful,” he notes as he connects it to his laptop, making his friend chuckle.
His only response is a sudden jet of cold water right onto his face. He screams and flails, his hand grabbing the first thing it can and pulling to try and get up. He doesn’t manage to get up, instead he hears Dean yell “son of a bitch!”, then a tearing sound. Everything becomes black. Well, no, not black. Mostly orange. And heavy.
Dean bursts out laughing and Jo spits out some food.
They stare at one another. If they have one thing in common, it’s their stubborness.
His mom, June, has sent him a few messages begging him to 'be reasonable' and 'listen to his father', and left some voicemails where she mostly cries and tells him the same thing over and over again.
When his neighbor turns around, he seems to notice Jack is with Dean for the first time. He doesn't look as suspicious as someone ought to be when a total stranger is dragging his small child back from God knows where. Or at least, that's just Dean's opinion.
The News lady talks about him and he frowns, because they’re wrong about so many things. It’s not even him in the picture, it’s Jimmy.
How could he have done all this and never even taken notice of it? How could he have ignored all that? Why does he have to realize all that while Dean is looking back with such dismay and disappointment on his face?
“You know what? Nevermind. You’re obviously not ready, and I’m not-”
"You don't owe them shit, Cas."
"I-," he hesitates. He feels like crying. He's never felt so desperate before, so hopeless, so scared for his own life. "The cops, then," he says, sniffing. He hopes that guy will believe it's just because of the cold, he'd like to at least keep the tiny bit of dignity he has left by not sobbing in front of a stranger.
"You don't know who I am either."
"So this is your palace?" Charlie asks, looking at the house in front of them. "Not gonna lie, that's underwhelming."
"I would feel rather humiliated, I suppose. It's still worth the risk to avoid spending a weekend being the only single person at every activity."
"The first one is from two years ago. The last one is from last month," Cas explains, taking the papers that Dean is involuntarily crumbling into his hands away. There is a sob stuck in Dean's throat and he can't quite remember how to breath. Castiel cradles his face, turning him until Dean's red eyes are into his. "Your brother never gave up on you, Dean. You were never truly alone."
He does it as fast as he can, still not sure if that baby is actually a monster that could bite his hand off. He didn’t when Dean carried him from the Impala to the room, at arm's length just in case, but you never know. The baby doesn’t seem to care about the sock, babbling as he grabs his foot again and tries to shove it in his mouth instead. He ends up falling on his back. He rolls to the side and gets up on all fours, making a few steps toward the edge.
WARNING: There is again a mention of dubcon, see the notes at the end for more details on that.
"Pants. I don't want them anymore. Need them off," Dean grunts, half asleep already.
"So…," Charlie says, striking a pose. She's standing in his driveway, having just sent him a message to warn him that she was here, "what do you think?" She's wearing a red dress that admittedly fit her like a glove. Her hair is raised into a high ponytail, long white gold earrings framing her face and neck. She's wearing high heel shoes and a white chall is hanging over her arms.
************
“No, we traumatized Charlie’s father by doing it in her room while he was in the living room,” Jo corrects, smirking cheekily. They actually high five, it’s revolting.
"And the violence?"
“What if he wasn’t human anymore?” Arariel says.
"Damn, who's that?" a voice asks, admirative.
"What is it, kiddo?" Dean asks, sitting back on the edge of the bed.
“Live traffic cameras were a bust,” Dean announces, frustrated as he gets down the steps.
Castiel sits there and looks at it for hours; this pile of paper full of scratches and the perfect calligraphy that he was taught by Metatron.
The big reveal...Had you guessed it? Did you enjoy it?
“Ba!” Jimmy declares, trying to get up again by holding onto Dean’s arm, a look of determination scrunching his cute little face.
That night, Dean can’t sleep. This situation has been going on for too long and is stressing him out. He’s been watching Sexy MD alone for two weeks now and it turns out that he got used to Cas’ incessant commentaries. He will not watch another episode without him. They need to go back to status quo.
"I nearly broke that kid's heart all over again."
Dean can feel Jack's hands relax on the back of his shirt as he takes a peek by his hips to check who's left in the garden. He seems to deem it safe enough, because he trots away to the vegetable garden on the right, squatting and poking at a growing tomato.
“You brushed your teeth?” Dean asks, making the little boy turn around on the ball of his feet right away and go back the way he came.
“No!” Dean cries, turning abruptly around.
He’s barely hung up when Castiel is suddenly in front of him.
When Cas starts talking, Dean also ignores the way his voice is a little strangled and trembling, like he might be on the verge of crying. It's been a long time coming, but Cas finally tells him everything about Jack, and a little more about himself.
Dean groans in frustration. "Come on, all I need is fifty dollars so I can buy a pair of pants without any holes in it. You give me fifty, I get the job and I pay you back, how does that sound?" he tries to negotiate.
"You should keep a better eye on that kid," Dean can't help but comment.
“Jody?” Bobby responds, as surprised as Cas’ foster mom looks.
He closes his eyelids and imagines the crystal laugh of his son, the way his nose scrunch up just before he cries, the little point of his tongue poking out as he smiles, his pudgy hands grabbing Dean's cheeks as he observes him with a familiar squint and head tilt.
************
Except he looks disappointed all of a sudden. Not for long though, because Cas is good at hiding his sadness behind confusion and soon one of his eyebrows goes up in a slightly exaggerated way.
He just shrugs. She smiles, teasingly rolling her eyes before she picks up her explanations back from where she left it off.
“Let me?” Cas demands, stepping in front of his friend.
“Okay?”
Castiel wonders briefly how many kids Inias had by now. Father likes them to start producing heirs as soon as they’re fifteen; that is, if their hair goes brown and they get to finally be called Angels. Inias probably has had a few offsprings by now. Castiel wonders what will happen to those children when Inias goes to prison.
“But they put that collar thing with the wards on Jimmy. He probably can’t use his powers right now or he probably would have appeared while I was pooping this morning or something,” Dean says, feeling guilty at how much he complained about this. He would give anything for the kid to appear right into his arms right now.
“Our ‘profound bond’, right?” Dean concludes, mockingly quoting with his fingers. It makes Cas slightly smile.
By then, most of the other yoga students have already left, leaving just a couple of septuagenarian women chatting in the back as they slowly pack up their yoga mats and bags.
************
to him?
"We've been coming here since we were kids," he starts explaining. "My father used to be the one to plan those trips but-" Cas stops himself, casting his eyes down with a regretful expression.
They’re interrupted by the little boy from earlier literally tackling Dean. The teen must be used to it, because he barely sways at the impact, just squeezing Sam’s shoulders. He smiles as the boy takes his hand and starts dragging him in the direction of the living room.
Dean has come to appreciate the calm of the evening. Of sitting squeezed against Jack in his little bed some nights, as Dean reads him a nighttime story until the kid falls asleep. Of sitting under the porch with Cas after, to enjoy the quietness of the evening together. They don't always talk. They don't need to fill the silence to be comfortable in each other's presence.
This hit a little too close and suddenly the tension is back. Dean is thankful when the advertising is over and Sexy MD is back on. He can’t concentrate on it anymore though.
He's never thought he could be so lucky. For the first time, he thinks he has a real chance at happiness. It's lighting up a fire in him that he thought he had lost so long ago. For the first time, he has hope. For the first time, he feels ready to fight for himself and those he loves, he feels that maybe it can all be worth it. Even himself.
The important thing is that Cas is here. Sure, he’s dozing with his head on the window and hasn’t actually said a word yet. But he’s here. That matters.
They're nearly at the stairs when Michael appears and asks them to follow him. He turns around and walks away without waiting for them. They exchange looks, half-disappointed that they won't get to fool around in the shower, half-worried about Michael's tone.
“Excuse me?”
“But…” Cas tries to protest. He stops himself when what happened suddenly dawns on him. He failed. Coïtus is one of the most basic instincts, any simpleton can manage to have intercourse, and he couldn’t. He’s not even able to do that one simple thing that anyone else can do. He feels his throat close up. He tries to take a deep breath but he can’t. He tries to look up at Dean, but he can’t do that either. “I’m sorry I wasted your time, Dean,” Cas declares miserably.
Maybe they were brave enough to drink the vial, he ponders. Inias and him never were very brave, always hiding under the covers when Jimmy used to tell them scary stories that weren’t allowed.
He tries to gently push the kid away, to no effect. Finally, he squats down, forcing Jack to step back. The kid looks at him with wide scarred eyes. His light brown hair is sticking all over the place, tear tracks still wetting his rosy face.
She straightens up and eyes him disapprovingly from head to toe. "And who are you?"
“Okay,” Cas answers, a bit reticent. He’s not sure that will help at all.
“You’re doing so good, sweety, you’ve made so much progress, I just don’t want this to set us back. A relationship, especially at your age, it’s a lot of feelings and turmoils, and it’s very complicated. And I hate to say it, I really do, but I don’t think you’re ready, honey.”
Cas has seen the man Dean is in his personal life; how much he cares about his family, checking on them every day; how funny he can be; how he can put himself to work when he really tries. Why is he throwing all that work away now?
He can feel Castiel's stare on him, probably incredulous and regretting ever meeting an idiot like him, as he squirms like a worm until his jeans are at his knees.
. They're only controlling your life because you're letting them, Cas. If they loved you enough to give up on all this before, then they'll love you enough to let you be happy on your own terms," Dean explains. "So yeah, maybe they're not the assholes I thought they were, but you don't owe them shit for doing the decent thing and sticking by you."
"Can't help you in that, I just always steal whatever Sam's buying," he jokes. "But don't ask him for advice or you'll never get out of this discussion. I once told him I used his conditioner to wash my hands and he nearly blew a fuse. I still have nightmares about the conversation that followed." He fakes shudders as they get settled in the living room with their meal.
Despite a chair now being free again, Meg never came back to sit with them, which makes Castiel really glad about Jo’s company. He also likes that she’s smarter than she looks, even if she’s more a scientist than bookish. In fact, she’s pretty much his opposite; speaking crudely, frankly, and not giving a crap about most anything. Somehow they still manage to get along pretty well.
With a frustrated groan, Cas' hand slides along his back until it lodges in his hair. He pulls on them so brusquely that Dean jumps, his hips snapping forward and he shouts as he bottoms out.
“Come on, it won’t kill you, I promise,” Dean teases.
************
************
“We could still watch Doctor Sexy MD together. Maybe make it an official TV and pizza night?” Cas continues, oblivious to the way Dean’s face has fallen until he looks back up. His eyes widen as he realizes Dean’s pallor and he stops talking.
Most of his mannerisms, Cas got from Sam and him, not copying exactly, but adopting them unconsciously into his non-verbal communication set and transforming them slightly, making them his own. He definitely got the bitch face and pinched lips from Sam. Dean is probably to blame for the dramatic eye-rolls though. But this, this is new. For a second, Dean wonders if he got it from Fiona. He doesn’t like how it makes him feel.
"Oh God, that kid is going to murder us in our sleep, isn't he?"
"What's that?"
“Damn, they’re gonna take all the best seats!” Dean moans with a raised fist.
Castiel still manages to gather piles and piles of files that he prints until his printer runs out of ink. He ends up on the ground, probably looking like a madman surrounded by papers covered in multi colored markers. He hasn’t slept in more than thirty hours when he finally notices a line of numbers that don't add up. He passes a hand through his hair that is already sticking up every which way as it starts to make sense.
**************
"Thank you, Dean, that means a lot," Cas says sincerely. Their eyes stay locked a moment longer before suddenly Castiel starts avoiding his gaze and blushes and...wait, he knows that look.
Dean barely managed to walk to their room and promptly face planted on the bed. He hasn't moved in the last ten minutes, only moaning from time to time.
“It’s Cas, the dude is always off,” Dean deflects, listening to the bathroom door closing farther down the hall
“I still have no idea what’s going on, by the way,” Dean announces, waving his hands in the air.
“Sorry. He just learnt how to fly and I can’t seem to make him stop,” Cas admits, contrite. He tries to send a stern look at the baby, but the kid just answers with a chuckle, whipping his slob-covered cheek against Dean’s chin. “Come on, Jimmy, come here,” Cas invites, spreading his arm and taping his lap like he would when calling a dog. That makes Dean smirks. It seems to work though because in the blink of an eye, the baby is back on Cas’ lap.
Sure, Cas will have to choose if he wants to hunt with them or not. If it’s his choice, Dean will train him. Cas is already a good fighter, he just needs to learn to fight without powers and supernatural strength. He’ll make a good hunter. And if he doesn’t want to hunt, then it’s okay with Dean too. He can still live with them, maybe help them with the books and research like Bobby used to. He knows Cas would be good at that. Or Cas could even find a job if he wants to continue to play human. Dean will support him. All he wants is to have his friend back.
He knows that his door is locked, as well as the backdoor and every goddamn window. He knows because he made sure of that those last couple of days, specifically so that kid didn't break in again.
"Cas…," Dean starts, not knowing what to say.
At first, the baby was supposed to be a mini Alex Calvert (because that's a perfect mix of Dean and Cas, physically), he was even called Jack, but I was scared that it was going to confused people so I changed the name. And then, even in my head he kind of become a mini Zep with blue eyes. I mean, how cute is this kid, right? Here is a pic of Zep with photoshoped blue eyes so you can visualize him. I hope you'll enjoy this chapter, it's my favorite. It's just a ton of cuteness before the angst^^
They talk for a moment with the Deaths about Castiel's work at the family company. He's told Dean in the car that he's a chartered accountant and in charge of the whole accounting department at his company. Whatever that means. There's numbers and money and stats, and none of it makes Dean want to learn anything more about it.
“What hour is it?” Dean mumbles into his pillow.
“Worst timing ever, right?” Dean chuckles, bashful.
things on me," he adds with a wiggling eyebrow.
Cas frowns at the strange language, before yelping, nearly falling on his ass when Jo starts running toward the living room, littleraly plucking Charlie from his back as she passes by them and dragging the red head with her.
“Don’t make Charlie cry,” Cas mumbles. He doesn’t think it comes out coherent. Charlie tuts him and pushes his head against her shoulder. It makes a nice pillow, a little boney, but warm and smelling good. She always smells like the sweets Gabriel used to give him. Ooh, candies. “Do you have candies?” he suddenly asks at no one; the screams that were still going stop, at least.
to see me again?"
"Did you have a good day skiing?"
************
Wait. What?
“Yes.”
“Oh boy,” Jo declares, “come on, Sammy, time to go do some homework,” she says, taking Sam’s hand and nearly lifting him from his chair in her haste to run away.
"You're a mess," Benny says, like Dean doesn't realize it.
The look Bobby sends him at being called “sir” again makes him mumble a quick sorry and shuffle fastly in the direction of the kitchen.
Cas wipes his hair with a towel, hoping it will get Naomi’s voice out of his head.
He was so tense just going in circles thinking about it, that he decided to test the jacuzzi. Now, a key is turning in the door and, well, Dean doesn't exactly own a swimsuit so…
He can’t keep looking at that cute kid snuggled into Cas stupid orange sweater because since when does Cas even wear sweaters anyway? That looks awful and he hates it.
They've got a hike up the mountain planned today, followed by a picnic at a vineyard and an early afternoon at the hot springs before they walk back. Dean wonders if he could get away with feeling sick again, just to keep Castiel all to himself for the day. He has some interesting ideas of how they could pass the time...
He only realizes his vision is getting blurry when a hand on his cheek makes him blink the tears out of his eyes to see Cas standing right in front of him.
Maybe that’s the solution to Cas’ problem, he ponders bleakley. He should go to the supermarket without a mask and stay way too close to people in an attempt to kill himself. No one would ever know it was a suicide. He’ll just be another countless victim of a terrible virus.
************
“They took my son!” Cas howls as Sam gets redder and redder. The angel barely seems to notice Dean’s hands on him, unmoveable.
The Wave holds on to him tighter, so tight that he can feel part of it burn him. It’s the least of his worries as they start to fly closer and closer to where Dean can hear his son cry. He reaches for Jimmy, pouring all his feelings into the Wave, into Cas, to guide him.
“So I’ll get a new handprint scar for a while, is that it?” Dean scoffs, unimpressed.
“If that helps you sleep at night and not feel like a fraud..." Dean teases.
“What are you doing here?” Dean asks, visibly startled.
Dean feels a burst of anger at the idea that Naomi could be Jimmy’s mom...but it can’t be her, he reminds himself, because Jimmy’s mom was human, wasn’t she?.
Dean abandons the idea with a sigh, deciding on adding one more blanket on Jack instead. He's fiddling with the radiator's thermostat near the window when Jack calls his name.
"Bobby," Dean whines. He's too exhausted for this kind of tough love right now. Bobby seems to get it, deflating and rolling his eyes.
"You could at least
"Oh she hates it," Gabriel confirms with a smirk.
"What the frack were you doing then?"
Dean already seems over his disappointment, grabbing a glass from the cupboard and turning back toward the fridge.
“He’s sweaty and burning up.”
Now go fetch some kleenex and prepare to read, this one is a little long, I hope you'll enjoy it.
There are suddenly two fingers under Cas’ chin, making him look up. He gulps as his eyes plunge into Dean’s. He had never noticed how green they were. Up close, they are even more fascinating than his freckles. Thinking that makes his eyes slide to the freckles on Dean’s cheeks. He realizes that they are getting closer and closer, the fingers on chin raising it just a little more so that his mouth is right in front of...Castiel takes a sudden step back, blinking out of his daze. Kissing. He’s never done that. He was so focused on the coïtus part that he never took time to inform himself on how to do that.
Cas sends the other boy a glare over his shoulder and freezes when he notices that Dean is only wearing a towel. His back is to him as he’s going through his drawers in search of clothes. In the next instant, the towel falls to the ground and Dean bends forward to put his legs in his boxers and...yeah, a cold shower ought to do it. Cas is in the bathroom before Dean even has time to turn around.
What a freaking asshole.
"I mean it, Dean. You're asking me to choose between you or my family," Castiel says defiantly, eyes staring at a point just over Dean's ear. "Well, I'm making my choice," he adds, voice emotionless.
Dean pushes harder against him, rubbing his half-hard dick against Cas' hips. This man is driving him crazy, clouding his mind with so much desire that he can't think clearly.
“Tell me.”
“You know what, I
When he wakes up, Jody is still here. She hasn’t budged even though that position can’t be comfortable for her. He enjoys it for a quiet moment more before he finally straightens up.
"You don't say…" Dean ignores the way the kid is looking expectantly at him, eager to watch him take a sip, and puts the glass on the ground on his other side. He's still sitting cross legged on the floor in front of his unsuccessful attempt at furniture building.
"There is one thing..." Dean thinks out loud. He winks when he notices Cas' curious look. Then he drops to his knees.
“It’s in his butt,” Charlie says helpfully. She takes the key back from him and uncaps it to show him.
"Nonsense, you're coming," Naomi brushes off. And that is that apparently. Shit. There is a vein about to pop on Castiel's forehead. "Castiel, dear, you look a little white. Was the fish okay?"
“Or what?” Dean provokes, with a mutinous glint in his eyes.
"I don't know wh-"
“I take absolutely no offense at that. Does that mean that I can go home now?”
And just like that, they're gone again.
stick in Dean's face. "And it's bigger!"
Dean feels his heart pick up. Finally, after all this time, Cas is finally ready to open up to him, to tell him about his past without Dean having to pry. That's what he's wanted from the start, to be special enough to Cas, not to just be another one of his fuckbuddies, but someone he trusts and can talk to. Dean hasn't realized how much he's craved it until right this instant.
"Well done, it's not an easy feat to avoid drama with those two."
************
“Don’t you go sir me, I’m Bobby and that’s that. Now go grab something to drink,” Bobby instructs, indicating a door to his left with his beer.
"Perfect! We shall go now, we don't want to miss your reservation. I do hope it won't be too much of a bother for them to add a chair to your table," Dean says. He should probably tone it down with the pompous tone, because he nearly added an English accent here.
Well Dean is, Sam still doesn’t know he has been possessed. Dean knows he’ll have to tell him at some point, of course he has to, but for tonight he just wants to relax.
After what feels like an eternity, the man sighs like he's already regretting whatever decision he just took. "Come on, let's get back to the house, I'm freezing my balls off," he says.
“I can’t wait to see that pad of yours. Wait, you’re not going to decorate it with Crosses and other Jesus’ crap, right?”
Dean's not sure where the kid learnt to do that. A kid his age shouldn't know how to appease an adult's panic attack, yet here Jack is, full of surprises.
When he reenters, the angle is different, easier, and Cas slips easily back in. Castiel experiments with shallow thrusts a few times before suddenly his hips are surging back and forward more vigorously, slamming inside Dean and making him gasp. Cas manhandles Dean's pliant body until his hips are just a little higher and suddenly Dean is shouting, hands flying to his own dick to search for his release. At this angle, Cas' dick is hitting exactly where he needs it, again and again in hard thrusts that are making him crazy. He can feel his balls tensing, the high he's craving just there, as his hands fly on his own member.
"Barely."
“Still at the same place as you’ve last seen her, I’d gather,” Bobby grunts.
While Sam gets into a report of what he’s discovered, Dean sends a quick look into the rear-view mirror, thankful but a little suspicious that Cas isn’t saying anything. The ex-angel is sitting silently in the backseat, looking out the window with a little frown. Dean doesn’t like that frown. It means Cas is thinking hard about something. Oh crap, he’s probably thinking about what Dean just said about liking him.
Castiel nods before turning off his bedside lamp and sliding further down the bed. He squeezes the pillow below his head and smiles softly at Dean in the dark.
"What the fuck, Bobby?!" he balks, getting up brusquely, dislodging Daisy who whine in answer. "Would it kill you to show a little compassion?"
. "We can start with dinner."
"How come you didn't tell me Cas had a kid?" Charlie asks later in the evening, when they've given up on fancy clothes in favor of pajamas and are eating pizza on Dean's couch while watching Lord of the Rings.
Castiel turns to him, but Dean can't meet his eyes.
“Jimmy cried in front of your door for twenty minutes, what were you even doing in here?”
"Okay, first: this isn't a car, it's blasphemy," Dean says, pointing angrily at all the screens and lights around them. "Second: we're supposed to be dating, shouldn't you at least know what my job is?"
His neighbor turns and raises an eyebrow when he sees him, like he was expecting him to have gone already. Okay, that's rude.
He’s never felt that way before. He can’t say he likes it. He’s used it, though. He learned to live with the little glimpses and the long stares he shares with Cas. But more than that? He’s not ready for more. He’s not sure he wants more. His body wants more. If he was being dramatic, he’d say that his soul craves more. But him? Just plain old Dean? He’s good, thanks. He just wants to share beers and watch stupid shows with his buddy. And if he gets the craving to put a hand in Cas’ (frankly impressive) bed hair every morning at breakfast, but never act on it for the rest of his life? Yeah, he can live with that. He’d rather live with frustration than fuck it up and lose his best friend forever.
How could he forget, even for a second.
"I get it, Dean," Castiel nods.
"You're making her fat," Bobby complains without looking up from his reading.
"I'm not sure you want to know," Dean admits, squeezing Daisy's head a little closer to his chest.
"Wanted to see if you would do it," Bobby shrugs, a smirk raising the corner of his lips, just a little.
"I have a forty-eight hours shift at the casern tomorrow, so the house will be all yours," Dean announces as he folds the laundry on the dinner room table (yes, he has one of those now, look at him adulting all over the place).
"You're an asshole, you know that?" Benny hums a warning in answer and Dean hurries. "No no, don't hang up!" he begs. "I'll see what I can do. But please, Benny, I really need that money."
Cas nudges the plate toward him and Dean grabs it, fork ready.
"I thought you liked cars? Didn't you say you were a mechanic?" Castiel inquires.
He’s already halfway home when he realizes he’s still barefoot.
In the few occasions where Dean might have wonder about sex with another man, he thought it was all about blowjob and buttsex, but this.
"You shouldn't leave a stranger alone in the house with your kid," Dean reproaches. His heart is still beating a little faster from the panic he felt at the situation with Jack and the way the guy is just sitting calmly is pissing him off. "Or smoke drugs when you have a kid in the house, for that matter."
“Did you just say you like Cas?” Sam insists, mocking as he gets into the passenger side.
"Does that mean you'll get your fairy tale happy ending, after all?" Bobby asks, more gently than Dean's ever heard him.
"It wouldn't have lasted. It was just the endorphin high from-," he cuts himself off from talking about sex. They exchange a brief glance that tells him she knows exactly what he was going to say and his cheeks burn a little pinker. "From a new relationship. It doesn't mean anything."
"I need to pee!" Jack announces, sprinting out of the bed and to the bathroom.
"No, just a shelter one," Dean notes somberly.
Charlie seems to agree with Dean on the fact that fancy food tastes good, but doesn't offer a lot of sustenance. They still had a nice evening and had a good laugh, mostly because Charlie accidentally broke one of the statues in the toilets and they had to hightail it out of there without dessert before someone noticed. They stopped for pizza and donuts takeout on the way home.
“Wanna go make out?” Dean whispers.
Jack is being particularly difficult these days. Dean's not sure if it's because he misses his house, feels bad about burning it or is still ressenting him for abandoning him, but Jack always hovers between rejecting Dean and being extra needy. He'll kick and scream at Dean in the morning at the smallest contrariety, but won't be able to fall asleep without being in Dean's or Cas' lap.
Victor still comes over to show him more and more pictures. Sometimes they are mugshots, sometimes the people on them are dead, sometimes they look like surveillance photos. He honestly doesn’t see the point anymore since his Father has been arrested.
“You’re sweet,” Cas affirms, “and bossy.”
Dean sucks sheepishly on his still painful index. Ever since he learnt about Jack's past and realised just how much he's screwed up with Jack, Dean has been trying to make amends. That meant saying yes to pretty much everything the kid wanted and spoiling him rotten, which apparently was not a good strategy with a four years old. Cas tried to indulge him, even though he ended up being the bad guy for saying no to what were admittedly common sense things, like forbidding the third meal in a row made of ice cream. Cas has had a long talk with Dean two nights ago about education and child psychology. In layman terms, he told him to cut it out.
"Dean, I wish to apologize about the way we woke up this morning," Castiel says, eyes earnest.
He doesn’t know how to do it. He tries to bring back the same memory, the moment Cas left him and went back to Heaven. He can feel the breach of the memory opening, but the Wave doesn’t seem interested in going back there, it just stays curl around Dean, gently floating to the sound of Cas humming to baby Jimmy in the background. This memory is peaceful and tender and yet somehow Dean can’t stand to be here any longer. He feels a surge of sadness and the Wave pokes at him in askance.
I'll post a chapter on Wednesday and Saturday. Thanks to everyone who gave this story kudos and comments, I hope you'll all keep enjoying it.
Sam is unconscious on the ground. Three men and a woman in dark angel suits are standing in the middle of the room. One of them is holding Jimmy who’s wailing all he can. Around his neck, a thick metal band is shining a blue light around what looks like enochian symbols.
Dean sighs, munching on a bit of pizza crust. "Cas doesn't get jealous."
“For years I had this nightmare,” Castiel starts, voice rougher than usual. “Nearly a false memory at this point, I’ve seen it so many times,” he explains, closing his eyes again to feel the wind refresh his burning skin, relaxing him and somehow giving him the courage to continue. “My brother is on the ground, covered in blood. I can still hear shots being fired just outside the door, light piercing the darkness of the room through bullet holes in the wall, law enforcement agents shouting and people screaming in fear.”
"Hell yes."
Castiel sends a wide eyed look to Dean who just shrugs, seeming more amused than worried.
As a first kiss goes, it’s probably not the best one. The need to kiss Castiel is a sudden one, and Dean wants to act on it before he has time to really think about it, which makes him maybe a little too brutal in his execution. Castiel is obviously not expecting it so their teeth clash loudly. Surprised, Castiel steps back, right into the still open cupboard’s door above his head. The pain makes him yelp and brusquely moves his head forward, his forehead slapping right into Dean’s eye socket. Suddenly, Dean is yelping too because ouch and he tries to back up but the damn towel is apparently now on the floor because his feet get caught in it. As soon as he feels himself falling backward, he grabs the first thing he can, which happens to be Cas’ shirt.
******************
Silence is the worst and I'm way too insecure to get zero review (sorry)
Dean can hold him again. Can hold him for the first time knowing Jimmy is his son. He couldn’t be there for Jimmy’s first crawl, but he can be here for his first steps. He can be here for his first words. He can be here to hear him sing for the first time, say his first swear words, tell his first joke and recite his first lesson, and to teach him to read and count. He can be the father Jimmy deserves to have.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You're really gonna burn all that cash on booze?" Benny asks with a sigh as he refills Dean's glass.
************
“If I had what now?” Dean asks, dumbstruck, and getting ignored.
"Will it?" Cas' eyebrow is dubious, but there is a smile on his lips that Dean can't help but kiss. They get a little carried away and Cas has to push him away. "Only twenty minutes left now," he reminds, feinting reproach.
Dean gets up, muttering about personal space.
Dean offers him an open mouthed smile full of crumbs in answer before turning toward his best friend. Cas doesn’t seem all there though. He’s sitting more slouched than Dean has ever seen him against the back of his chair, a frown between marring his face as he looks at the table without seeming to see it. He’s rubbing his stomach absentmindedly.
He’s taken aback at the expression that provokes on Dean's face. He’s seen those blown pupils and that particular mouth twitch before. Generally right before Cas has to close the lid of his laptop to leave Dean’s modesty intact.
"Dean is taking me to Aux Délices and I'm going to max out his credit card," Charlie announces, wriggling her eyebrows and hugging Dean's arm in excitement.
"Magic pie," Dean explains. "I mean, I'm no wizard, but I've eaten some and monsters haven't come after me, have they?"
“Why don’t you want to go?” his foster mother asks, curiosity picked and a sudden frown between her eyes. “Did someone bother you?”
Dean rolls his eyes before putting the coin against the baby’s arm. “Here. Checked without any baby choking to death.” He tries to take his hand away, but the baby grabs it, stopping him. “Okay, Sam, this baby is really strong,” Dean says, pulling his hand to no avail. “
There is no way that could be. It’s ridiculous.
Or is it?
How much harder will it be to go back to his miserable life now that he got a taste of what life could actually be, he wonders.
’ll probably read it,” she taunts.”Do you think you’ll be in it? Or will he just talk about his gazillions of other blessed children? His
She takes a little card from her jacket's pocket and slides it on the table toward him. It has Castiel's name and contact information on it.
“He only seems to fly to you,” Castiel says, reflecting as he straightens the kid's dark blond hair. He seems to realize what he said and looks embarrassed. “I didn’t mean for it to be a bother to you, even though I’m reassured by that fact.”
"I can help you!" Jack exclaims as he grabs a wrench and tries to slip it around every pipe.
“No. You’re not,” Dean says firmly, mouth set in a line. “I don’t know why you’re trying to do this, man, but it’s obviously not for the right reasons, so I’m not doing it.”
“Oh for fuck’s sa-,” Dean starts to say when he notices at least three error screen have appeared on his laptop already. “WHAT THE HELL,” Dean yells, jumping to his feet. The baby that was just on his lap has just disappeared. Sam is on his feet too as soon as he notices and they look around, like the kid would suddenly appear in a corner of the room. “Should we be worried?” Dean asks.
Jody makes a noise that doesn’t sound like approval, and sits a little straighter. Cas immediately sobbers up, sensing some kind of serious conversation coming.
Castiel squeezes his hand. “You need to relax, Dean. Your body won’t be able to release your soul if you’re clutching it as you are right now.”
“That’s getting weirder and weirder.”
“That first time in the car,” Sam concludes.
"Where the fuck do you get on listening in on other people’s conversation?"
"What, you're an expert in education now?"
Heaven is closed now, Metatron trapped in it. The fallen angels haven't made any noise recently, probably adapting to their life on earth. He knows they’ll probably cause trouble again some day, but for now it’s quiet. Crowley is keeping a tight leash on Hell so they don’t have to worry about him...well, not as much as usual because Crowley is always a worry in any case. But now Crowley has a human side, Sam’s blood gave him a conscience and he’s willing to help the Winchesters, crushed by the guilt of everything he’s made them live through the last few years. That works for Dean, even if he can’t help but wait for the other shoe to drop.
The silence that follows is so absolute that he sends a quick look toward Charlie to check if she's still here. His anger deflates when he sees that she's crying.
“Are you talking about using Dean’s soul as a compass to find Jimmy?” Sam asks, seeming to follow way more easily than Dean is.
Dean arrives on Berkley's street twelve minutes later (he always gives her a larger estimate so Jody is happily surprised rather than growling about him taking his damn time). He pushes the break a little too brusquely, making them squeal, when he notices the car Jody is standing next to.
"Oh, you know your sister," Naomi waves it off. "It sure feels like a nice opportunity to introduce your new beau to everyone."
"Oh, is he much younger than you then?" Anael asks from two places down in front of him.
"No problem, I'm sleeping over tonight anyway, right?"
Cas looks at him with envy, because he feels like he doesn’t want to be there for what will follow either. Bobby is looking murderous and the atmosphere is very tense.
He can't hear it right now though. Cas was clear, nothing has changed, he just wanted Dean to understand why it can't be any different. That doesn't make it hurt less, it just makes it more final.
At those words spoken so low, Cas feels a flash of electricity from the point of his toes to his hair. All he can do is nod in response, eyes like saucers. Dean smiles and pushes them both up with an energetic hip move. Cas barely lands on his feet, only the other boy’s hands on his hips keeping him upward.
One of the other man’s legs dangles from the side of the couch while the other is bent at the knee to fit on the couch. Dean’s right arm is thrown over his head, as his other hand is fisted in the bottom of his t-shirt.
Charlie jumps on his back. He’s getting so used to her energy that he automatically catches her legs and doesn’t overbalance. She plants a loud kiss on his cheek.
. Since he’s been freed he’s come to learn that their camp looked nothing like what people associated with the Heaven from their Bible.
Jack frowns, looking from the bucket to Dean a few times. "You don't know how to do it, do you?"
It’s (he? Dean is pretty sure it’s a boy) - He’s sitting on the bed, looking at them and pulling on his right sock until it gets free from his feet. He immediately shoves it in his mouth, making the boys grimace.
"Don't worry about it. They'll like it even more if it comes from you anyway."
Dean doesn't, but he won't take any charity.
I feel kinda sad to say goodbye to this story, but here is the last chapter, as well as the epilogue.
"You really shouldn't have that much cash on you, that's, like, asking for trouble."
************
Jack is gone.
He's always wanted to be a mechanic. If his dad ever taught him anything, it was how to take care of the Impala. John taught him all the basics and Dean got the knack of it. As a teen, he spent days reading car magazines and working on the Impala, trying to learn as much as he could about how cars worked and how to repair the different parts. He knows enough by now that he could easily work in a garage, but he's got no diploma, and hasn't found anyone willing to hire him on faith alone.
“Is that the baby from last time?” Sam asks, eyes huge.
Dean's vision is blurry, eyes full of tears that he's too angry to shed. Is Bobby right? Did he just let everyone he loved leave him without fighting for them? He always thought his life sucked and that there was that. That he didn't deserve them in the first place anyway. Why should he fight for them when they'll surely be better off without him?
Again, the guy doesn't seem fazed by Dean's aggressive tone. He seems to think it over. "It depends on the neighbor. Sometimes I help Miss Patterson with her arthritis, or Mister Clemmons with his gout."
“Like hell you are,” Bobby grunts in indignation. Dean rolls his eyes like they already had that discussion many times. “I didn’t move my ass all the way here from Sioux Fall just to watch you waste your chance at going to College.”
Dean considers not following him. Honestly he's not even sure why he does anyway.
"Yeah," Dean says, letting himself fall on the couch. He's exhausted, the muscles in his arms trembling for overuse. It will hurt like hell tomorrow. Daisy immediately jumps up to cuddle up to his side. Bobby gives a side-eye to the dog that isn't normally allowed to go on the couch. Dean really has been spoiling her.
************
There will be another story coming soon. I haven't had time to look at it for a while, but there is already like forty pages of it and I'm hitching to finish it. It's another AU, kind of an Office!AU except it's during quarantine. Cas is Dean new boss (that he hates) and one day after a zoom meeting, Dean forgets to cut off his camera feed...
Jody looks like she’s going to cry or hug him again. She’s reaching to do it, stopping when Castiel’s stomach growls loudly. They both laugh, exchanging an affectionate look.
"I made it myself!" Jack exclaims proudly.
“Want me to punch her?” Jo offers with a smirk. “I kinda want to punch her.”
where I post my stories, as well as other spn and destiel contents, if you're interested.
“But how?” Sam asks, making Castiel realize that he was mumbling to himself as he searched through the book. He looks up to see the three angels and Sam right here in the room with him.
"Feels like you still gave those pompous asses a good time," Dean rasps. He hates the burst of jealousy in his guts at the thought.
“Are you drunk?!” Dean all but screams at him.
Now their meeting is about to start and Castiel finds himself very nervous. He wonders if he should confess. He’s pretty sure he won’t ever be able to look Dean in the eyes ever again after this horrible act of voyeurism. What was he even thinking, spying on someone like this? The more he thinks about it, the more reprehensible it sounds. He isn’t just at risk of losing his job (or his sanity)-- he could go to JAIL.
"You can share mine."
As an angel, Castiel never knew physical comfort until he met the Winchesters. Sam, Dean, and even Bobby were the one to teach him about the reassurance that a hug or a simple touch could bring. Even then, it had always been occasional, mostly in tense moments or after a life or death situation. For one night it turned into more for Dean and him. His human body was starved for touch, and they both leaned into the need for reassurance for a few hours. Just like with April, Cas found bliss in another human’s touch that night. Just like with April, he learned how hurtful the aftermath could be.
Dean's happiness is all he's ever wanted, has been the sole purpose of his life and sacrifices for more than a decade. Still is. Always will be.
************
“Well, you’re right on one thing, Cas,” Dean affims, voice tight. “It was a
"I would have never stolen for myself," Dean denies with a shake of his head. "My only crime in that department was using the five fingers discount on some bread and peanut butter so my little brother could eat something more than stale cereals for a few nights. I went to a Boy's Home for it. Never did it again."
“Maybe we should check the Impala? That’s where he went last time.” Sam suggests.
"We knew you came from-", she pauses, looking around for a second, "a more modest background."
"You shouldn't trust me with him."
"I have one too!" Claire says, pushing Jack's stick away to put
“I actually have two masters degrees in linguistic and theological history. Officially." Cas adds with an exaggerated wink.
“Pooping is a sacred moment between a man and his bowels.”
"When you say 'relationship', you don't mean you've never…" Dean inquires. Cas' cheeks redden, and Dean blows like he just got punched. "Wow. That sucks."
Dean can feel his breath literally get caught in his throat. He suddenly can’t breathe, it’s like his whole throat closed up, and oh my god is he having an actual allergic reaction?
“They took my son,” Cas repeats, voice croaking. He looks so lost that he probably didn’t even hear Dean.
He looks around, but this place is outside of town, he has seen nothing but trees for two miles. There isn't any street lamp, just the lights from the gate. He can't see much of anything anymore. When he turns to look back the way he came, all he sees are grey flakes of snow blurring his vision, and darkness. There is no bell to ring to warn of his presence and no side entrance.
Dean sighs. He's in for a long day of musing.
"That's not worrying at all," Dean says with a frown as Cas strotts to the desk in the corner.
Cas chuckles fondly before cutting them off. "Long story short, Gabriel hijacked Michael's plans by cancelling reservations and conning the staff into preparing us a picnic."
"I'm so full of cheese."
Dean’s look taken aback by the use of his first name. Cas has never called him that before. They share a long look from one screen to another before the barriers seem to go back up on Dean’s face.
Dean startles and looks around, like he’s wondering who Cas is talking to. When there is no one, his eyebrows jump up his forehead. He tapes a hand on his chest to ask for confirmation, and Castiel nods, clutching his history book to his chest.
He can't wait to change clothes. He still has some vomit from two nights ago on the front of his shirt, and he can't remember when he changed or washed up before that. He did his best with the hand soap at the truck stop, but there is only so much he can do when he has to put back on the same dirty clothes after.
"No you didn't. You never tell me
Dean shoves the last three raspberries in his mouth (they’re really really good) as he turns back to the other man.
"Dean, we're in March, it's no time for a gard-." Cas' eyes suddenly widen as he realizes something. "What do you mean 'party'?!"
Cas frowns, tilting his head in confusion. "But I do, Dean. You're very g-"
Father never expected them to give him children, they weren’t allowed, but they were the ones that brought teenage girls to Heaven. The Archangels kept them with them until the girls were devoted to Father, until all they could think about was to give him perfect children. The Archangels were also the ones that took their imperfect children away. Their simple presence inspired terror.
That's why he always forces himself not to think about what's happening with Cas. That's exactly why. He feels like his emotions are so raw that he's either gonna start sobbing or break something.
I hope you liked this chapter, it was a little more bitter sweet, but I promise the next one is more... let's say hot and sweet :-p
“We could go somewhere else and use the same wards as here,” Cas suggests.
“Nah,” Bobby dismisses, taking a huge gulp of his beer. “The only good thing we ever did together was this one,” he says, pointing at Jo with his beer. “Thank god she takes after her mom the most, or we would have fucked that up too,” he explains, affectionately pinching his daughter’s cheek as Jo blushes.
"I'm sorry, Cas," Dean says. "I never meant to-"
"How is Anna's engagement party coming on?"
just not in a lethal way. Probably.
“Not really,” Castiel answers with a shrug, not raising his eyes from the salad he ordered.
It’s a sound that Cas has been hearing more and more lately. Everyone seems to laugh more those days. Relief flood Castiel at the sound. Dean is happy too. Cas knows Dean is happy too. He can see it in his eyes every time he’s holding their son. He can feel it in the way Dean's Soul embraces his Grace every time they are with each other. He can taste it on Dean’s lips and on his skin, smell it in Dean’s hair while the hunter sleeps in his arms at night, and hear it in that fond laugh that he’s hearing right now.
"How many new starts do you think we get to have?"
The weight of all his secrets feel lighter now that he knows he has people whom he can share them with. Dean didn’t judge him. He accepted Castiel’s past without blame or mistrust, just like Charlie did before.
From here, he can hear the tone of her voice, but not her words. He doesn’t need to hear them to know what generally comes next. She’s fighting a fight that they all know she can’t win, probably shouldn’t win, yet she never stops trying.
“I know. And you
"Daisy, keep an eye on him," he says to one of the dogs before he disappears up the stairs.
“How much would you say the repair on that car should have cost?”
They may have never talked before Cas asked him to have sex, but Cas has definitely noticed him. He always notices it when Dean is in the room, because he can’t stop looking at him every chance he gets. He knows which tables Dean favors in every classroom they have in common and always chose a seat from which he can see him. He specifically chose their group’s lunch table because it’s right across from the jocks’ table, so Dean is always in his peripheral vision. Hell, he even bought a pin from the school team of whatever sport they’re playing and pinned it over his desk at home because it reminds him of Dean.
“Come on, don’t do that,” Dean says, approaching the bed cautiously until he’s just closed enough to take away the sock.
"More," he gasps, opening his mouth wider.
Dean looks slowly from Jody to Bobby, and back again. He takes another long sip, letting them stew a little longer.
“We’re doing this all backward, aren’t we?” Dean scoffs, swaying a little, his hips knocking again the inside of Castiel’s thighs as he gets closer.
“Well, why don’t you call and ask him then?”
When they arrive at his locker, his three friends put themselves around him to deter any curious assholes that might feel like asking him a question.
Gabriel's head perks up a few steps in front of them and he stops walking, only starting again when they're by his side. Michael appears on their other side.
a poop thing, isn't it?"
“Okay, whose idea was it to take Jimmy to the zoo again?”
“Well, I’m responsible for you, and you’re a minor. I don’t like to play that card, but I will if it’ll prevent you from making a mistake.”
He’s crying, he knows he’s crying. He’s not sure if he’s mumbling or just thinking anymore. Pamela’s arms are around him. He’s shaking so much that she can barely hold on.
They stay like this for a moment before the Wave suddenly starts to move with urgency again, pulling on Dean until he slides into a new breach.
He can’t see himself in the mirror anymore, his ragged breath having fogged it.
The air is colder than he thought it would be, a freezing breeze blowing despite the blue sky above. Dean buries his hands in the pocket of his coat, regretting to not have accepted the offer of borrowing Castiel's gloves.
Cas doesn't answer right away, he's fighting not to tense up as Dean touches the scars again. He can feel the ghost of his wings fluttering, trying to chase away the tingling fingers  There is nothing, of course. Not anymore. But he can still feel them sometimes. He still goes to sleep every night imagining that Dean is sheltered beneath his wings.
Fuck. How could Dean ask Cas to give up on his whole family, when Dean wasn't even able to give up on his poor example of a father, even for the kid he loved above everything. What a freaking hypocrite he was. No wonder Castiel told him to go. No wonder Sammy never came back. He thought they left him, but obviously he was the one who pushed them away.
“It’s very sweet and...tickles,” Cas notes, inclining his head.
"What next, huh? You're gonna tell me I would make a wonderful dad too? You're the one that's full of crap, Charlie. You don't know anything about me, or Castiel. You're just spurting shit like we're on some kind of tv show where everyone gets their happy ending and lives a perfect freaking life. I don't know which fantasy world you're living in, but mine is full of crappy fathers and I sure as hell don't intend to ruin another family!"
“Oh my god, Cas! Jimmy just said his first word! He said gun!”
He tries to sidestep Castiel but the other man is still gasping his forearm, keeping him in place. "Wait I...I was hoping we could talk," Cas says, unusually shy. "I wanted to tell you about Jack. You...You were right, you should know his story."
"I don't hate you, Cas," Dean says, shocked at the idea. I could never hate you, he wants to say but doesn't. He wants to say other things that he knows he shouldn't, especially when he sees how relieved Cas appears.
************
"Found them!" Gabriel interrupts by yelling just beside them. "I owe you ten bucks, Anael! I was wrong, they still have their pants on."
Charlie immediately starts babbling about how nervous and proud she is, and how she didn’t sleep at all last night. Jo just punches his shoulder in what he thinks is encouragement. Dean asks him if he’s ready.
Cas can feel his eyes bulges out as the other teenager continues.
"That probably means you need to tell me," Bobby answers, strangely wise for once. "Not much can shock me at my age, believe me."
"Yeah. Good thing you're still the best person I've ever met," Dean breathes when Cas sucks on his earlobe.
The girls look up at them. Cas avoids their stares, beet red as Dean takes his hand to guide him out of the living room. He thinks Dean must have wink at them because the girls whistle and giggle again.
"Yeah, you are," Dean chuckles, tucking him in. "Most awesome kid I've ever met."
"Still. Will you hear me out?"
“I can go,” Cas offers, feeling ill at ease.
The kid chats happily about genderless earthworms as they cross the short distance from Dean's porch to the neighbor's. Nobody answers the door when Dean knocks, but there's the faint sound of a voice coming from outside, so they go around the house to the back garden.
************
What is he even supposed to do?
He can’t, not without at least a week of nightmares after, but he’s getting good at hiding it.
“Yeah, well, whatever you teens are doing or calling it these days,” Jody dismisses. “I just-” She takes a breath and comes closer, crouching in front of him and taking his hands. “I don’t think you’re ready, Cas.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"You'll get new ones." Dean raises a finger to make Cas shut up when it looks like he's gonna offer another counter argument. "I'm not used to being the positive one, you know. If you want to say no, just say no," Dean says, heart in his throat.
“How could they have gotten inside? This should not be-” Sam despairs, thinking it over. He gets up so brusquely that Dean nearly falls backward. “I need to go check the wards, see what happened,” Sam says. He vacillates, grabbing the table again to stabilise himself.
“I have a job interview tomorrow morning, and I have no idea what I’m supposed to wear,” Dean explains, biting his thumb nervously as he observes the clothes on the bed. He interchanges two shirts and inclines his head, trying to judge if it’s better or worse like this.
“Do you even have arms in your true form?” Dean wonders.
He needs to open up, he realizes. He needs to let the wave inside if he wants it to hear him.
Dean stares at him, searching his face for so long that Cas is afraid that he might detect the truth under the walls he's keeping. Sometimes he wishes Dean would see it, that Dean will remember. He wishes he could have his Dean back, the Dean he first fell in love with. He knows he can't, he knows it will never happen because Dean would die if he did. Both Deans.
“Nah, it’s okay,” Jo finally dismisses, “I was rude too,” she concedes, offering him an apologetic smile. He smiles back faintly.
He ends up sitting on some kind of outdoor couch in the garden. There is less marijuana smoke and the music sounds less loud from here.
“She was the first one who cared,” Cas corrects. “She never stopped since that day.”
“Ok, no food,” she deflates, pouting.
************
“Heya, Cas,” Sam salutes, sitting crossed legs on the bed beside him and munching on a toast. “So. Are you and Dean going to get married now?” he asks with a very serious face that contradicts the mocking glint in his eyes.
Dean takes a deep breath and squeezes his fist. He kinda feels like punching Cas, right now. He hates seeing him this closed off. Hell, he just mentioned the death of one of his siblings like it would be
"With you?" Castiel utters after a long moment of silence.
“It’s actually not an inappropriate comparaison, in more than one aspect,” he reassures with a shrug. “And he’s not my dad. Not like your dad is your dad.”
It's not a fluke.
Cas’ breath catches and he’s pulled out of his memory when his hand reflexively passes over his lower stomach. It isn’t a good memory either. Or it was, but that night was tainted by what followed the next morning. He chases the memory of Dean's hard stare as he gets into the Impala, ready to abandon Castiel again. He remembers the hunter tense’s hands on the wheel and the jittering of his leg before he forced Cas out of his life again.
They end up staying for a while longer after that, and it’s the best day Cas has had in a very long time. Probably ever, but he doesn’t want to ruin his mood by making comparisons with his past.
“What will it entail, then? Tell me.”
Dean shakes his head, a smile at the corner of his lips.
“You’re a little shit, you know that?” Dean answers, chuckling.
He sends a look toward Sam and Naomi. They nod and start reading the incantation. It’s the same text, but Sam is reading in latin while Naomi reads it in enochian.
But Sam was obviously the worst adviser ever, and Dean draws the line at Castiel coming back from a four hour trip at Ikea with Sam, with only a purple salad spinner and a toilet plug to show for it.
“Are you-”
"Okay," Jack relents with a small nod. He goes to sit at the table, pulling the pie dish to him and attacking it with his bare hands.
“I concur,” Cas aggrees.
Dean tenses up a little at the wording though. "You're way more than I deserve, Cas," he says, closing his eyes and dropping his forehead against the other man's.
Cas looks down at the lake water licking his ankles in small waves.
That's it, final chapter. I'm nervous, are you nervous?
“This machine detects all kinds of energy wavelengths and I have no idea how to even start to dissociate them. I can’t do this without Castiel, you need to call him back,” Sam admits, a little hesitant.
“You think my face looks like shit?” Cas laments, heartbroken.
He has to squint into the darkness for a few seconds before his eyes adjust enough to spot the guy sitting in a plastic lounge chair a few feet into the grass. The orange amber moving toward his mouth is a sure sign of what he's doing out there.
But Sam, Sam was only eighteen. Sam had no one else. Sam needed him and yet he let him go. He chose to side with his father instead, like the mean old drunk knew anything about succeeding in life. Like he knew anything about family.
Cas closes his eyes, chest tight as Sam shakes his head with an air of defeat. They’ve been trying the spell again and again for nearly forty minutes now, frustration and desperation growing at each failure. They can’t track Tamiel. Which means they can’t find Jimmy either.
“Cas said that being a nephilim made Jimmy much more powerful than angels, but his powers are still angelic in nature.”
Okay, that's creepy.
" Dean finishes, keeping his hands close until he's sure the row of books is stable.
“What are you doing?” she yells, eyes like saucers.
"What is this about?" Naomi asks, tilting her head in the same confused gesture that Castiel has. It's the first time Dean sees her do it. He would never have thought Cas herited that from her. Naomi doesn't exactly strike him as the kind of person who is openly confused often.
"Good," Bobby affirms. "What are you going to do about it then?"
Castiel burst out laughing and Dean can't help but join him. "You're ridiculous," Cas says affectionately.
************
"Did you hurt yourself?" Jack says, putting one hand on Dean's shoulder as he leans forward to inspect his head. "You're all red there," he notes, poking at Dean's forehead and making him flinch in pain.
The thing is, that's
Castiel comes back into the room with it. He notices from the corner of his eyes that Dean is being about as effective at painting the wall right now as Jimmy is, his attention clearly being on Castiel, despite what he’s pretending.
This chapter is shorter. It mostly serves as an introduction for the second arc of this story. Can you guess what it'll be about? :-p
They shake hands. She actually touches Bobby's permanently oil stained hands and doesn't even look disgusted by it. Bobby takes his cap off for the first time Dean's ever seen. He was convinced it was glued to his head at this point.
The voice was accompanied by the sound of little feet running towards him and when he slips out of the cabinet, Jack is right there.
“Everyone does stupid shit sometimes, Cas,” Dean reassures.
“For god’s sake get him out of that car and into the house!”
********
"I- huh, my car got towed. I need some money to get it back," Dean explains.
"I was attacked by an eagle," he says instead.
Their eyes meet and the tenderness in Castiel's truly does make him feel a little better.
He had been too ambitious thinking he could get his own place. It was able to pay rent for about five months before he went broke. He's never had a home before, and had no idea that having an apartment cost so much. In motels, you don't exactly have to pay for water or heat or utilities. There was a bunch of stuff he hadn't planned for that ate up the last of his meagre savings. Ricky threw him out after three months when Dean couldn't scrape up enough money to pay rent anymore, putting a violent stop to Dean's pipe dream of having a normal life. He hoped it would be simpler to get a job if he had an actual address, had even thought about scraping up enough to maybe get his GED. He's not sure what he's going to do now.
************
“Let’s try again.”
an attractive eater, Castiel isn’t even sure how he made a piece that big fit into his mouth in the first place. Or
"What?" The shock in Castiel's voice, the sheer disbelief, makes Dean flinch.
Castiel chuckles a little at the mention of 'a hottie'. He sobbers up fast though. "And have them pity, mock and coddle me for a whole weekend instead?"
"You went through hell?
"Okay, let's be clear on one thing from the start. This is not a lifetime movie and I'm straight, so: no falling in love, get it?"
So what if Castiel found love or whatever and built a life for himself? Cas is his friend and he should be happy for him. He doesn’t have the right to be anything else.
It’s strange how every time Castiel thinks he’s getting to know Dean, the other teen manages to surprise him with another aspect of his personality. He’d seen Dean and Sam together before, but never like this, never in their own home. Of course, he had noticed how much Dean cares about his little brother, and how their dad never seems to be around, but now that he’s here and can’t see any sign of another man's presence at all in this home, he wonders for the first time how often their dad is actually here.
“I’ll help them cross reference weird occurrences to identify the human vessels,” Sam announces before following them.
"That's probably wise," Naomi says, sounding sorry.
"Cas, that was a m-"
“No,” he answers, shaking his head to dismiss her hand. “It’s okay. I get it. I’m not real enough yet.”
A loud metallic clatter gets Dean out of his stupor. He turns to see Castiel kneeling on the ground, his angel blade having fallen by his side. His shoulders are slumped in defeat and his face...Dean has never seen his friend looking so devastated. He looks haggard, eyes lost and mouth open in horror.
“Yeah, Sam, I’m pretty sure there was no baby in the car at our last pit stop,
In answer, Cas nudges him to continue to look through the papers.
Dean stops on the sidewalk in front of the coffee shop, pondering if he should walk to the bar a few streets down or the motel. Sometimes Benny, the owner of the bar, lets him use the sink in the back to wash up. If he's lucky, he'll even get some leftovers from last night. It's generally just some stale pretzels, cold fries on good days, but it's still better than nothing. He's got two cans of beans and a car with an near empty tank to his name right now, so he's not picky.
makes Castiel strokes himself harder. His cock is twitching and making his own strokes slide easier and easier as he leaks beads of precome. He wonders for a second how
Dean opens his mouth to protest, but how can he? Castiel's words are clear. How could he ever choose Dean over his family? Dean doesn't deserve him. Dean was a fool to think, even for a second, that he could have something this good in his life.
“You definitely picked a good day because Dean has been in a surprisingly good mood lately,” Sam notes, smiling as he slides on a stool behind the counter.
It’s all there.
Castiel laughs slightly at that and Dean can feel his own anger start to abate at the sound. "Good self-preservation instinct on your part," Cas mumbles. The puppy look is still there, except now it's making him feel like he's
"Damn, I wish I could have seen that."
"Looks like we're made for each other then."
Cas blinks out of his daze. He takes his hand off his stomach and straightens.
“And don’t look at me, I ain’t sleeping on your couch either,” Jo preemptively says.
Castiel turns to her with what he hopes is a reassuring look.
Dean takes a deep breath and finally gets his head out of the fridge, closing it and leaning back against it. He takes his time opening his beer, avoiding to look up at Cas. He doesn’t need to look up. He knows Cas is just standing there, waiting like he didn’t actually drop the biggest bomb of a question on Dean. For six years, Dean has been avoiding that kind of question, and Castiel probably doesn’t even realize the mess he just put them in.
Plus, it
That seems to startle the other man who straightens up and hurries to crush his joint.
After that, Charlie comes every day after school. They do their homeworks and play board games until just before dinner. She tries to convince the FBI agents that Jo “is cool” and can come too, but they already look disapproving of her presence, so she doesn’t push it.
pink. It makes Dean think of an article he read that said the head of a man's dick is the same shade of pink as his lips. It makes him desperate to find out if that's true.
Cas' whole face crunches up in confusion, "To go where?"
"It's not as important as a chance to finally get to know your mother, honey," Dean answers. "He's told me so many nice things about you, Naomi. Can I call you Naomi?"
"Your house is ugly," Cas finally says, the corner of his lips raising a little.
"No, he's at the therapist’s until five," Cas says, "What kind of surprise?"
“I want you to be the first,” Castiel confides to Charlie.
Naomi knew it from the start. Lucifer knew it. Probably everyone else too. And now, confronting him with an impossible choice, Dean just made Cas realize it too. There is no future for them. They don't even live in the same worlds.
Sam is younger in this story. He's about 10 whereas Dean is 17.
"You know your way around a car?"
************
"Just my little brother."
“Let cult boy play!” someone yells, followed by some others encouragement. Dean sends them a glare and continues dragging Cas until they're outside. The fresh air makes Cas blink. He tries to turn around, moaning about having to play, but Dean all but throws him on a chair on the patio. Cas falls, sitting down. He blinks, disoriented.
But he's happy for Cas. He is. He doesn’t have the right to be anything else.
"Mhhh I like the way you think," Dean drawls, dragging Cas forward by the hips until they're flushed against one another.
, you're all awesome <3
,” she points out, scouting closer until her knees graze him. “Talk to me, Cas,” she incites when he just keeps looking at his own knees, breathing fast and eyes lost.
Cas' head is thrown back, the long line of his neck exposed, his torso pushed forward, pink nipples harden to two small nubs. His hipbones are sharp, dancing slightly back and forth with the movement of his arm, back arched and mouth gaping open in pleasure. His dick is engorged, leaning slightly left toward his bellybutton, bobbing gently as Castiel moves. A small pearl of clear liquid is oozing from the tip, and Dean's hungry gaze follows it as it slides down the pink skin, all the way to the base. He licks his own lips, gulping the excess of saliva suddenly in his mouth.
Cas grunts. "I'm not sure I can do much better than that," he whines, looking a little disconcerted.
“I suppose she is attractive, but she has more of an effect on Charlie than on me so I wouldn’t dare be too untoward to her,” he ponders. “She’s Dean’s cousin too, so that’s probably not appropriate.”
Cas looks at him for a long time before he scoffs. "Who knew you were that insightful."
"I- what?" Apparently Cas can't breathe either. In fact, every function of his body and brain seem to cut off as he blinks at Dean, mouth gaping open.
************
What hippie bullshit is that now?
"I want one every night," Jack frowns, pouting a little.
“You never go to parties,” Cas notes, confused. “In fact, you always say that they’re for brainless jocks and-” He shuts up when a foot hits his shin. Charlie points at Dean with her whole face.”Are you saying Dean is a brainless jock and you don't want him to know about it?” he teases, faking confusion.
Dean knows he must note the changes in him. He's less scrawny now that he has three meals a day, muscles forming around his arms and pecs from spending his days working. He's clean shaven and his hair is shorter too. He can look in the mirror now and see something else than a bum. He can recognize himself again.
"Don't be daft, you know your sister won't care. Everyone will be so happy that you've finally found-" she passes a long look over Dean, like she's doubting anyone would actually approve of him. She certainly doesn't seem to, "-someone," she finishes lamely.
"Are you kidding me?" Dean exclaims when he finishes moving the pile of metal junk from the garage to the bin, like Bobby asked, only for the old man to show him another pile of junk.
Dean grunts in frustration and indicates Arariel to follow him. Castiel is scared and angry, but he needs them right now, he wouldn’t hurt Sammy. Not again.
“Of course I-we need you”
Castiel scratches the back of his neck, another habits he took from Dean. It makes his t-shirt slightly raise up, revealing a patch of hair below his navel.
