"No way in hell would I go out with a jerk like you," she stated getting in his face. "Why don't you get lost before I make you cry?"
"Movie night. You've missed the last few, and the team's getting annoyed. Again, they would be down here themselves if it wasn't for Skynet," he says with a smile. "So here I am. So let's go. I'm not taking no for an answer."
It also doesn't hurt that Barnes and Rogers are the finest men on the planet. Seriously, Tony could and does drool every time they take off their shirts, and who wouldn't? James and Steve are pure muscle without even one ounce of fat on their bodies, and they're like two finely chiseled gods. Two examples of perfection that everyone- including straight ass men- can't help but look at. And when they wrestle each other in the gym for sport or in— oh, god, help him—the bedroom for pleasure, Tony can't help but watch at times. Seriously, he can get off just by watching them.
Rumlow looked back and gave him a calculated, narrowed look. "Fury wants us back in DC as soon as possible, Cap."
He stepped even closer, almost threatening. "What part of shut up do you not understand?" he asked, staring down at her.
Jim Morita let out a chuckling sigh. "We're getting our butts kicked. Who taught you how to play?" He glanced at her before staring at his cards. After a sigh, he placed the cards on the table.
"Loki? Seriously?" he snapped as he slammed the bottle down, shattering it. The alcohol splashed, covering him, but he paid no attention to that. He was too pissed to care. "He almost destroyed New York and we're turning to him?" He didn't want that psychopath near Toni, especially when she was defenseless.
"And lets just go with the pot-a-dots," she said. That one had a zipper in the back, while the other dress had buttons going all the way up the front. She could handle the zipper while buttons would give her trouble. Though she stumbled a few times, she managed to get out of her clothes.
Rhodes' eye switched. "So where is she?" he looked up as if the AI was in the ceiling.
Steve watched the suit as it left the tower, eyeing the glow from the core as it disappeared into the darkness. He couldn't help but imagine what Toni would look like in this weather. She would probably be soaked from head to toe, and her dark hair would be pitch black, heavy with water. The wetness would've glued her long hair to her face and neck. Her clothes would be weighed down, dragging her down. However, she would still be beautiful. She would always be to him, no matter what even if he was worried about her.
She asked herself as she glazed up at his face.
"Stark, don't you dare," Clint yelled, pointing at her. "I object to this relationship. I liked it better when they fought."
Her stomach had been growling, and she knew she should eat, but she kept telling it to be quiet. She didn't want to go up there. Why couldn't Pepper bring it down? She was forcing her to leave her lab, when she knew Toni didn't want to. She was evil. Toni didn't know who was upstairs, but there was a lecture waiting for her. Her team loved to lecture her, well besides Barton who just laughed at her.
His expression turned to worry. "Toni, how often do you have nightmares?" he asked, stepping to her. He placed a hand on her knee as he crouched down next to her. "You can tell me."
Toni scanned the area one last time, looking for the man…Looking for someone. "Where did you go?" she asked herself, seeing nothing but trees and leaves. "I'm not crazy." She shouted, angry. Toni told herself she was being ridiculous, reading too much into everything. It was just the wind, just some nice person handing her a water battle, and she knew, but her brain was in overdrive, imagining the worst no matter what the situation was. Now for example, she couldn't help but think that stranger was out to get her. To kill her on her way back to the mansion. No one would know. Probably think she would die due to exhaustion. It was the prefect plan.
She knew he had a point, but she didn't care. She couldn't make herself care—not that she tried hard. She was too tired and grump to try, and to make matter worse, she was still feeling pukey—if that was a word. Her stomach was half way out her mouth currently. Sure, she kicked ass and jumped suit to suit like a bad ass, but she wanted nothing more than to lay down and sleep. She felt like crap. Like death, really. Maybe, the flu? But damn, Toni Stark didn't get sick. She couldn't afford to be sick. "What?" she asked, putting on an innocent smile.
"Is that what you're calling this?" she asked, taking a good look around. Everything was moving fast pass them as the car zipped down the road, going deeper and deeper into a wooden area. Toni could recognize D.C. in the distance, so she knew that Rollins hadn't taken her too far. However, this wasn't downtown D.C., where SHIELD HQ was. It looked like he was taking her to the middle of the wilds to be killed like in the horror movies, as the surrounding trees grew taller with each passing second. "Or are you just trying to kill me?" she asked with a forced chuckle, though there was doubt forming in the back of her head.
Toni could tell he wanted to ask or say something, but he was holding back. "Good," she stated. She may have not gotten the core from one of those hydra guns, but she did see quite a few that she could lift. "Help me up," she ordered.
"Toni," Steve said, interrupting her. With the Iron Man suit on, Toni was almost the same height of him, and her small frame was gone. Though the Iron Man suit was slim, it added bulk to the genius, and if Steve didn't know that the pilot of the suit was Toni, he would've thought it was a man flying it. He wasn't sure what the point was to make the suit male like, when she could've made it more female, but he supposed it had its uses.
A smile brightened up Toni's face as she slowly released the tags. Her fingers remained close, playing with the bottom of them. "Geez, Captain, if you wanted me in bed, you just have to ask."
"Do you not understand the trouble you're in?" Salt asked.
she thought to herself.
"Let go," she repeated, strongly.
"You think I care about others? I don't give a flying crap," Toni replied, as she searched for some kind of weapon. Having fallen to the ground as well, her device lay on the floor, exposed to the world; the core was jarred from the center. A few of the wires had snapped back, but it was still connected. "Just here for myself."
"Steve."
"Colonel Rhodes," the AI replied, "is currently flying the Mark 7."
"Why must it be a she?" Toni protested. "Why can't you use a different pronoun? Why are you being sexist to shields? What did they ever do to you?"
Shaking his head, he focused on the letter that he had write. She deserved that much; her father deserved it was well, but he was unsure of how he would give it to Howard Stark. He didn't, however, have time to think about it as Steve Rogers busted into his tent.
Toni had known Clint for a while now—well, how well could you know a spy?-, and she had fought beside him, defending the earth together. In all that time (even with Loki), she had never known him to be this. Never known him to be this angry, and it shocked the hell out of her. It took her back, shaking her to her core. "It was an accident," she uttered, unsure what else to say under that intense stare of his. Heck, she barely remembered how she got the bruise that lined her wrist, but she could admit how nasty it looked. She could acknowledge the hand print on her skin.
Then a light bulb went off in her head as she felt something in her boot. The knife, she thought as she reached down to her boot. She bent her knee, trying to get her boot closer. She wiggled her fingers trying to work the knife closer. Toni did a side glance to the remaining hydra soldier who had completely smashed the device. He turned to the Female Commander waiting for a command. "Bitch," she curse, as her vision started blacken.
"He could have stayed. He could have."
He let out a laugh. "So if both traps lead to the same spot, why do you care whose trap worked?"
"Toni," Bruce said. His tone was soft, as he noticed the change in her shoulders. "W-"
It was the Commander's turn to laugh. "You're truly a fool," she said, yanking Toni up by the collar. "Let's go, I have grown tired of this child's play."
Natasha's eyes go straight to him, and he can feel her sizing him up from head to toe. He knows he smells, and he has no doubt he looks like shit too. He doesn't remember the last time he has changed his clothes or clean up. It isn't like he has anyone to impress. "So which one of you loses the bet? And what do you win?" he asks, as he crosses to the sink. He sets the plate down, turning the sink on to rinse it off.
"You promise?" she asked, softly.
She thought to herself.
"Unlike you? Admit it, you need me. We're connected."
"Oh, you think?" Toni shook her head, as she left out a chucking sigh. "JARVIS," she called out.
Howard laughed as he ran his hand through his hair. "You're going to be a handful."
Toni laughed through the growing pain in her ankle. "I need to train you better," she replied.
"Toni," he called, as he felt his heart breaking. Why did she keep doing this?
"Toni."
Toni had no idea this kid could talk so much, though she shouldn't be so surprised. This kid hadn't shut up since she met him, and she was ready to hit someone. If Harley wasn't so young, she would punch him. Sure, she was being too harsh, but she couldn't take the talking. There was enough of it going on in her head already. "No idea. I'm not-I don't care."
"If you guys saw her, why can't I?" He was jealous.
Toni didn't reply, still feeling slightly ill. She wasn't quite sure of why; maybe it was her reactor, which worried her. She hadn't had the chance to check yet, not that she could do much without a lab. Her only hope was that Bruce was there to check it for her. She wasn't in the right mindset to check it herself, and besides, she wanted to get wasted as quickly as possible. She couldn't check her reactor and drink at the same time.
"S-Toni! It's me." The voice was soft. "I got you, Toni." A set of arms wrapped around the genius, pulling Toni into tight hug. One hand ran up and down Toni's Back. "I got you."
"In my defense, Toni was operating the suit while in intoxicated and she was a threat to everyone around," Rhodes countered. "Just ask Romanoff. She was there."
Pierce smiled as he stepped toward the man. "Our window is limited. Two targets, level six." Asset nodded. "They already cost me Zola. I want confirmed death in ten hours."
"Stark has it, and you're not getting it back."
"It is on its w-"
"Are you okay, Toni?"
, it worked out in Toni's favor, though she would talk to him later about it. Hiding a key behind an apartment number wasn't the smartest or wisest thing to do, but she supposed that if someone wanted to break into his apartment they wouldn't need a key. They would either just break down the door or pick the lock. Then again, the ones breaking in with the key weren't the ones he had to worry about. He could handle those idiots. It was the people who didn't need the key that they had to worry about.
Toni wanted to scream and tell the AI that he was wrong, because if he wasn't, there was something seriously wrong with her. She couldn't fix herself like she could fix him. "Run a full scan on your systems, JARVIS," she ordered, harshly. There just had to be something wrong with him. Just had to be. "I am not seeing things!"
It took Steve a few seconds to respond. "Yes, we will." He smiled slightly as he recalled how stubborn she was. She would be back even if it killed her…he hoped to God it didn't.
"Fine is not an appropriate term to use when defining your current state," she says. "With your IQ, I have expected a-"
"If you need help, let me know. I would be glad to assist."
Once again, the room is on the edge of their seats, and Tony can't help but think this is a mistake. He shouldn't have left the lab. Why did he think this was a good idea? Why did he, or anyone, think he can be in the same room as the Brooklyn Boys? The tension between them can be cut with a knife. Even if Tony wants Barnes to be right, he knows he isn't, though it doesn't stop the desire to jump in between them. However, if he does do that, what good will it do? They have made it clear that they don't want him. A week of the silent treatment is clue enough.
"If you want to fight, Steve, we can do that, but let's get Toni in bed," he stated walking up the steps. Her head was rested against his shoulder and he could feel her breath on his neck.
Howard raised the shield to block it. The wrenched dinged loudly as it made contact and fell to the ground. "What is with you and throwing things at me?" he asked.
"Ah, there it is," she stated. Pepper, who seemed to be in a much better mood than when she left, smiled as she picked up the phone and placed it in her purse. She looked around the room, noticing the tension. "Is there something wrong?"
Howard looked up and placed a kiss to her forehead. "I'm here and I'm not going anywhere, Toni."
Rollins' eyes were focused on the road in front of him, as his hands tightened on the wheel. "Just shut up," he demanded, his voice suddenly frigid. It was like someone had hit a switch on him and he was ready to kill. Considering he was a highly trained SHIELD agent, it wasn't too far from the truth.
but why?The super Soldier wasn't sure what it was, but he didn't like it. He was looking at her like she was some kind of object and he hated it.
"Oh, you should have," Steve say, pulling him close. "But don't worry, we're going to make up for it."
*O*O*
"Then what did you mean?" Peggy asked.
With a laugher that probably woke the building—hope his neighbor didn't mind, though the media would eat this up-, Toni struggled to her feet, slipping on the wooden floor. After getting to her feet, she found herself trapped in a corner. "You'll never take me alive, Captain." Her eyes scanned the room, looking for a place to escape.
"You don't have to get up," Steve started as he took a seat next to him. He stared at him, shocked at how old he looked. He knew seventy years had passed, but it was shocking to see Dugan like this with his hair thinning and turning into different shades of whites and grays. A used cane discolored from years of use sat a few feet from Dugan ready to be used. "How are you doing?"
Don't kill me, but I love cliffhangers, and this chapter was calling to be ended here. It really was. When I was writing this, I kept thinking this was a good cliffhanger. So here you go.
Toni cracked her hands as this was nothing. She could hack anything. With a smile, she started typing away, and not even a minute later, she was in. Everything in the hydra's system started to flow into the device. She slide out and pushed herself up. "Anything?" she asked as she stepped to him. "It'll take a few minutes for it to copy."
That stuck Toni as odd. She didn't expect that from Peggy, but she didn't say anything. She just followed her back to their tent. It wasn't until they arrived that Toni spoke, "So was there a reason why you walked me back?" Not waiting for a response, she crossed to her messy cot and sat down.
Sam, letting out a sigh, shook his head as he crossed to the phone. "Hello?" he answered, picking up the receiver. Sam didn't say anything else before he was handing the phone over to Natasha. "For you." He said holding out the fold. His stare hard. "He said to put on speaker phone."
Clint threw his hands up as if to surrender. "Geez, just trying help a guy. I feel so unloved," he replied, playing hurt.
Dugan leaned forward but he didn't get to his feet right away. "If you leave now, Rogers, you'll lose her."
"We have some leads."
"I don't know how she can function like that."
The genius doesn't doubt that, though he knows he will be dead if either Barnes or Rogers learns what he wants them to do to him. Serious, he's horny as all hell. What the hell! "Yea, but you won't let him kill me, will you?"
Holding the handcuffed still as best as she could, she struggled getting her left hand into the correct motion. After a few seconds, she took her arm out of the sling, which gave her a little more movement, but the cast was heavy and it hurt to hold it in one place. Toni didn't have a choice; she had to do this and she had to do this now, because she didn't know when she would get another shot.
Before returning her arm to her sling, she turning the shirt inside out (so no one could see the symbol on the shirt), and pulled it over the dress. It was difficult but it was easier than putting on the pants. She just had to put it over her head and slide her arms through. She almost got stuck at one point, but it didn't take much strength to pull it down. After she was able to straighten her shirt, she put the sweater back over.
"And he's already dead," Howard added.
It was harder to stay away from Toni than he had expected, because her face was everywhere and every time he saw it, he was drawn to it. If he saw her face on a magazine, he had to buy it. If she was in a newspaper, he had to read it. If he heard her name on the street, he had to stop and listen. He had to bring to sketchbook with him wherever he went in case the urge to draw forced it way up to the surface. So far, it had happened quite a few time and each picture was of Toni in different poses; the last pose was her in one of those weird suits that she had created. He had seen a video of her flying in the suit and he couldn't help but draw it as she seemed so free flying.
The woman- Dr. Helen Cho, he remembers suddenly—smiles, though she seems annoyed by his answer. "It seems like you're doing well, which's good especially after the trauma you faced. I, in fact, didn't expect you to wake so soon, but I'm glad. Barnes and Rogers are biting at my heels to get in here, and I can only deal with so much. Too much…" she pauses as if to think of a word "…urgh in the air," she says, waving her hand. "They're like animals trying to mark and guard their territory."
The four walked in and each one of their hearts stopped at the sight of the lab. There in the middle of the lab, where Toni's desk was supposed to be, was a big hole in the floor in a perfect circle. Nothing else in the lab was disturbed, and it wasn't for the big hole in the ground, no one would ever know something was wrong.
Toni almost squealed at the sight of the core that her father had placed in front of her. Once she configured her device with the core, she should be able to go home. She couldn't wait. In the future, she could sleep with whoever she wanted, and no one would judge her… Okay, a few people still would like Future Rogers, who's greatest joy seemed to be judging and lecturing her. He seriously needed to get another hobby.
Breathing heavy, Toni bolted up, almost too quickly. "Bucky, don't go." Tears lined her face as they dripped, creating a small puddle below her. Before she could catch her breath, someone grabbed hold of her shoulder, making her jump. Her heart raced at the contact.
Steve's hand weaves its way into Tony's. "No, you aren't," he protests, strongly. "You're so much more, Tony."
The roar of the bullets was the first thing Toni heard. The glass breaking was the second, but she didn't even have time to process that before the glass flew
The Asset knew what he was and what he was good for. Though his handlers weren't always happy with him, there was no denying his usefulness, which was something that pleased him. It pleased him that he was needed; pleased him that he could provide something for his handers. There was a reason why they kept him around, as they knew that there was nothing that the Asset couldn't do. If a mission was impossible, they could send him, knowing it would be completed, and it was completed in a matter of hours—days depending on the mission's specs. There was nothing that he couldn't do, and everyone knew it, which also pleased the Asset. He also did it without question, though lately he couldn't help but wonder—not that he ever voiced these thoughts allowed. He would get the chair if he did.
"Well, I hadn't taken a shower in a while as I was rotting in a cell," she explained with a smile. A second later, she felt her stomach rumble in hunger again.
However, he didn't have long to ponder the expression, as Toni rushed at him with a smile as large as the moon. She looked like a kid on Christmas morning, as her footsteps echoed loudly with her heavy stomping. Steve barely had a second before she leaped into his arms, wrapped her legs around him and pressed her lips against his. An overpowering warmth run through him as she wrapped her arms around his neck. Pulling her tight against him, he wrapped his arms around her and deepened the kiss. It only lasted a few minutes before Toni pulled away. "Hey," he uttered, fighting the urge to follow her lips.
However, Steve's relief was shot lived as Thor raised his hammer again. With sheer determination, he angled him and aimed himself for a spot between Toni and Thor. He was going to do whatever he needed to do to protect Toni. "That's enough!" he yelled as he landed hard. He straightened himself up with his shield pointing toward the fake god.
"You're playing him. You're playing everyone."
Jones gave Dugan a shake of the head, silencing his friend. Dugan looked like he wanted to protest as he leaned heavily on his cane, but he remained quiet as the two elderly Commandos stared at each other. With a deep breath, Jones replied, "That we shall. Will you be fine while we visit an old friend? Trip can help you-"
Howard gave Peggy a look. "Crazy? It's not my fault that I have so many things to prepare for before my genius offspring is born."
"There's nothing going on between us," he stated all too quickly.
"It's cold in here, isn't it?" Erskine asked, after a few minutes of silence. "You should take one. I can see you're in pain." He offered her the pills again.
not gloomy. "Fury," he said, focusing on the Director. "Fine, but you're on a short leash."
She had already thought of him as a Stalker, but the way he said that sent chills down her whole spine. Toni, chilled to the bone, felt sick, and it took all she had not to puke—but that was only a matter of time. Her mind flashed back to Barnes and the nightmares that she had been living through, haunting her at every second. It had left her doubting everything, and she was in that hell over again.
"That was me," she said, putting on the best mask that she could. "Rogers wasn't even here. I just didn't like the lamp. It was fugly."
With a snicker, Steve gave him a look. "I was referring to cuddling, but I know where your mind is. I just mean Toni is a cuddle bug." He gave the man a smirk.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Where are you going?" he asked, eyeing her.
"There you two are," Phillips stated as he stepped toward them. He was eyeing Toni as if she was in trouble.
It wasn't long before his terror turned into anger as it was taking too long for him to land. It felt like he had been falling for hours as he watched for some kind of movement from Toni, and he had to do something. Without any hesitation, he reached for a knife and cut himself free of the parachute.
"Stark, I don't know what you call it, but when you disappear without a word, push them away and refuse to call anyone, people tend to think you don't want them anymore."
"This include finding a nice girl, Steve."
Steve's narrowed his eyes before looking back up at Fury. His eyes were cold, harsh. "Who else knows about your wife?"
Toni narrowed her eyes as she picked up the file. She let out a loud pitch laugh as she read it, because it was the funniest shit on the planet. It had her listed as a solder in the Army. "A Corporal? Really?" She couldn't keep the laugher in. "Why can't I be a Captain? No fair, Salty," she teased as she stuck out her tongue.
His back was toward her and she could see how stressed he was. "So where's Barnes?" she asked. Though she never saw him leave, she knew he wasn't here. She would've seen him by now.
Steve let out a sigh. "Toni," he uttered, sounding almost disappointed, as he placed a kiss to the top of her head. "Steve Rogers." He said, stepping away from Toni as to often Sam a hand.
With a deep breath, Toni leaned back in the chair to stare up at the ceiling. Not finding the will or the energy to work, Toni pushed away from her desk and tossed a stress ball up into the air. She knew she was catching a few stares as the ball flew high in the air, almost hitting the ceiling, but no one said anything to her, probably out of fear—it
Toni smiled. "I can be a wing man to the both of you!" she cheered as she marched pass them. "Let's head out." Though she needed this break from everything (this included Rogers and Barnes), she wanted to get some whiskey into her system. She hadn't had any good to drink since traveling to this time.
A nasty resentment built inside of Toni for a second, and she had to bite her tongue to keep back the insult.
Unlike with Steve, Bucky groans in annoyance and keeps going. "You can't just run away, Stark. We're in a relationship together, and you can't be pulling this shit."
Needing a life line, Toni just listened to the woman's voice, just focused on her. She forced herself to count backward, which finally worked. After a few long seconds of warmth, everything started to come down. The world slowed to its normal pace, and things stilled. Feeling more like herself (though her heart was still racing), Toni pushed herself back and looked up. The first thing she saw was the blond hair, followed by the woman's strong eyes. "S-Sharon," she uttered, both confused and surprised. Sharon was the last person she expected to see. The last person she thought would comfort her, but here she was.
"Shut it," she cursed out painfully.
She also didn't care that her hunger pain was getting worse, because her emotional pain was greater and she didn't know how to deal with it. She never knew how to deal with it, because she wasn't taught to. In her family, emotions were for the weak, so she hid them. She acted the way she did to hide that she was hurting. She allowed herself to get lost in her playgirl egoist image, so no one could see the truth.
"Yea, yea," Toni replied, not needing the AI to tell her that. "Just send it."
Through her hands, she glanced at the clock and groaned at the blinking time: 3:27AM. "Fuck," she cursed as she pushed herself up. Her body protested as she stood. Only working on half an hour of sleep, it felt like she was going to fall over at any second. One would think that kind of sleep would be good as she would be too tired to dream, but that wasn't the case for Toni. No matter how tired the brunette was, she always dreamed.
Her hands balled at her side. He didn't get to do this, after he basically tranquilized her. He didn't listen to what she wanted; she didn't want to sleep. Why couldn't he understand that? Why wouldn't he listen? Sure, she didn't want to explain it, but why couldn't he? "Okay," she replied slowly, thinking of ways to change the subject. "I guess that we need to talk about getting you a date. I mean, you must be jealous of Stark and all of his-"
Steve's face lit up in the cute Steve way. "I-"
Bruce chuckled. "She's like a child when she's hurt," he said, waving Steve over.
There was dried blood.
She closed her eyes for a second as her hand went to the dog tags around her neck. Squeezing them, her mind went to the letter that her father had written to her. He had never blamed her for anything and had begged her not to blame herself for his death or anyone's death. He wanted her to promise him that, and that promise stopped her cold. She had disobeyed him in so many different ways growing up, and she wasn't sure she could disobeyed him with this. How could she spit on his grave like that?
"He doesn't understand a great deal of things."
"Good. Not giving you my suits either," she said, hoping to trick him somehow.
Both Steve and Toni's heads snapped to the door to see Bruce in the door room. "How long have you been there, Brucey?" Toni asked, eyeing the man. Though most of the time Bruce slept more often than Toni, it looked like she had won this round, as he looked like he hadn't slept at all.
Steve stared silently for a few seconds before he narrowed his eyes at her. "No, you stop, Toni," he said, almost yelling. "There aren't many things I agree with Schmidt about, but there is one. You're a special, and there's no denying that. Don't ever try. I don't want to hear it." His tone wasn't cold, but it wasn't exactly warm. He sounded annoyed.
Toni glanced him before crossing to one of the bio beds in the lab and popped herself onto it. She didn't have time to play this game with him. She had to get out of the tower before Rogers knew she was here, though she knew that was unlikely. "Bruce, can you to look this over? It seems to be fading," she replied, as she started to unbutton her blouse. "I don't trust myself at the moment." Her tone was betraying how tired she was.
"Asset," Rumlow called, stepping to him. His eyes drifted to Stark before settling on him. "Let's get you out of that,"—That being a torn WW2 Army uniform— "and back into your combat gear. We have an assignment for you." The Asset narrowed his eyes before glancing back at Toni, which did not go unnoticed by anyone. His hand drifted down to her chest. "You want to keep her?" Rumlow asked, his voice dripping with annoyance. "Then we need you to take out these targets. They will try to take her. Do you want that? We can keep her safe. We can protect her. You need to stop them."
"I believe you are projecting, Miss," JARVIS says in her ear.
Toni thought back to the many nights in the apartment, back to the time when Steve was a shrimp. She was an idiot, talking to him about things. Opening up to him. Breaking her damn rules, and now look where she was, she was attached. "Yea, but during those times, we weren't at war, Rogers," she stated.
As soon as Bruce heard about Toni's disappearance, he had cut his trip short and returned to the tower as soon as humanly possible. Toni, one of the few who understood him, was important to him and he would do anything to save her, and he wasn't alone. Anyone of the Avengers would do anything to save her.
He, also, needs to tell them those three little words every day for the foreseeable future, and he doesn't care if that makes him weak. He doesn't care if his father is rolling in his grave as he says them. He doesn't care if his father would be unhappy with his choices. He doesn't care anymore along as if he keeps feeling this way. He loves this feeling whenever he sees these men. Love isn't a curse; it is a cure. It is everything, and he sees that now. He sees it all.
. For while, it had just been them, but shit, Toni had warmed her way into his heart and took hold. She was a sister he never wanted. Even if she was scarred, she was innocent. She was true.
Maybe she was a goddess or something which would explain why she looked so young. Maybe, she didn't age and Howard took her in to hide her identity. "Now, I'm going crazy," he told himself, shaking those thoughts out of his mind. He flipped a page and started at Toni's biography, hoping that would give him some answers. The word torture popped out at him, which reminded him of something that Toni told him before about being tortured.
She couldn't take it anymore, not right now. "Stop." She said forcefully. "Don't you ever die for me! Ever! You hear me? You're more important than I am."
"You know she's going to ask for it," Peggy stated, playing with the unfixable communicate device.
Toni pushed out of his arms slightly and stared at him. For a few long seconds, the two were silent as they looked into the other eyes. "Okay, let's do this."
Toni watched Barnes as he turned down the asshole. Turning to her, he gave her a worried look. "Things are fine," she lied as she stared at him. Seeing Barnes was draining all of the control that she had; she had to get away or she would break and she could not allow that to happen in public. "I got to go," she stated, louder and squeaker than she intended.
She eyed as he led her to the building. "Thinking about me?"
"He is a fool," she said. Toni glanced up at the commander who was sorely focused on the stalker, making this her chance. She rammed her elbow in the woman's chest, knocking back only slightly, but it was enough for her to get out of her hold. She ducked under her hand and reached for a gun; however, that was where Toni's luck ran out.
Until that time.
And with Bucky, I know it feels too soon, but there is a reasoning behind it. And again, we all know he will be back. :) At least, she seems closer to her father, right?
Those times, Tony goes to bed happy and satisfied.
"Let it go," he stated, getting to his knees next to the sleeping Toni. He picked her up and held her close to his body. There was a chill in her body, which he didn't like. "One of these days, you're going to get yourself killed by taking on someone too big."
Pepper Potts was the rational one, always thinking clearly and logically. She wasn't the one to overthink or freak out, except when it came to a certain brunette. Toni could always drive the sane CEO up the wall, and most of the time, she only had to look at the Pepper to do that. Pepper didn't know what it was woman that did it. Maybe, it was the look in Toni's eyes or the fact that the brunette was always up to something. Always.
There was a part of her that wondered if this was because he was lost. Lost without Barnes, who had been everything for Steve. He was his best friend, his roommate, his brother. That loss must've hurt Rogers to his very core, and that had to be why he was acting like this. He was looking for something that Toni wasn't sure she could give as she was damaged as well. She may be damaged far worse than he, but he had been there through her nightmares. He was there when she needed someone, and she would try to be there for him, even if she was the worst person for it. "You have me. I…promise." Her voice almost broke.
Toni's smile faded and for a few long seconds, she was quiet, deadly silent, unsure of how to respond. How could he say that after everything that happened? Didn't he know what that woman had done? "Okay, you reached your limit for the day, Colonel," she snapped, coldly. "If that's all, we have to get this set up." She glared at him before turning to walk away.
"No, you're quite correct," he said, stepping to the glass table in the middle of the office. "Aldrich Killian, by the way."
Steve felt hollow when Stark left, and he couldn't help but feel like he had lost everything when she left. Why did everything turn out so violent between them? Why did they fight all of the time? Did she really hate him? Blame him? If not, then what else could it be? What happened to make her like this? She seemed so different than the woman he left in the past. Did something happened after he went down?
At the moment, she needed something, as she was the only Avenger in the tower, each going off to do their own thing. Bruce was again, trying to build up the courage to speak to Betty. Toni offered to go with him, playing the loyal wing man, but Bruce gave her a 'don't you dare' look whenever she teased him about it. She did feel bad for the man, but she didn't know what to do, especially when she knew she couldn't shut up. Thor was off planet, doing whatever Thor did. Seriously, what did that man do when he wasn't on Earth? She knew he was a prince, but what did that mean? In her head, she saw him in a pile—yes, a pile—of women feed his grapes and they all were naked, but she forced that image out of her head. But it could be—nope, she wasn't going to finish that thought. She did not want to think about
Schmidt chuckled at her before he crossed to the door and called for two Hydra soldier. "I am not your enemy, and you will learn this."
There was something in his voice that Toni couldn't place, but with Pepper's hand on her back trying to lead her away, she wasn't able to give it much thought. However, the tension in the room was hard to miss. "What's going on?" she demanded, looking between Pepper and the rest of the room.
*O*O*
Again, there's a snarky comment on the lips, but he doesn't say it. Pepper will be proud, but in reality, he isn't in the mood for the fight. He isn't in the mood for the truth either, even if there's a part of him that wants this to be over with. "Still isn't wearing the uniform," he replies with a forced, sassy smile on his face. "Still not getting paid." It isn't lost on him that Bucky isn't the one to deliver the food like he has done in the past.
as lightening flashed across the dark sky. Out of the corner of her eye, she could see the sky light up and the shadow morph and take a human shape. The man's features lit up for a split second before disappearing into darkness, and for that second, she could see a blank face staring back at her. Everything in side of her froze, as her mind went into overdrive. If she didn't know better, she would say there was a certain dead man staring at her, and he was angry, which wasn't possible. Not possible at all.
"If she's telling the truth," she stated, unsure of the girl. "He did agree though that it would be risky."
The world around her spun again, and her head started to hurt yet again. Everything felt like it was trying to attack her and it took everything she had to keep her sanity. Still trying to focus, she stared at the two shapes, which had now turned into men. She knew she shouldn't be shocked by their presence, but she was. She was surprised by everything really. If she wasn't so exhausted, she would be amazed and laughing. She invented time travel for crying out loud; who wouldn't be dancing? Sure, she
Putting down the towel, the genius put on a smile and made her way up the stairs. If she didn't go up soon the army upstairs would come and drag her out of the lab, and that was the last thing that she wanted. She especially didn't want to see Steve's frowny face… or his puppy dog eyes. She really couldn't take his puppy dog eyes, as her knees almost buckle underneath her every time, granted all of his looks did that to her.
"You have to earn it," she stated as she stuck her tongue out at him.
Pepper let out a harsh sigh. "A warning about you and Captain Rogers. The Media is having a field day with this."
He turned back for her, inches from her. "I'm a horrible friend," he said as he stared at her. His eyes were drilling into her. "It's my fault."
Hey all!
Toni let out a snort. "Steve and I disagree a lot." It wasn't a lie, but she could admit that their fights and disagreements didn't leave her crushed like others in the past. Even in his anger, he was gentle with her.
"I see."
"I'm not interested in making Super Soldiers," she said, giving him a cold look. To be honest, she might have given it some thought or consideration before the Time Traveling incident, before she became involved with Steve, before she came friends with Bruce. Though Toni wasn't afraid of the Hulk, she knew Bruce hated himself at times, and if she could take that way, she would. She would do anything for Bruce. Plus, being with Steve, being his ear, she couldn't support any kind of enhancement project, as the government would see any 'Super Soldier' as a weapon, and Steve wasn't a weapon. Both Steve and Bruce were so much more than that.
"I think heels make a woman's legs look sexy."
Leaning closer, his lips were inches from her, and it took all he had not to kiss her right then. "That doesn't scare me," he said. "There's nothing you can do to scare me away, and I'll be positive for the both of us."
Rogers, with an unreadable look in his eyes, tossed the folder back to Phillips. "I think…" He drifted off.
Fighting to stay upright, she wriggled her feet as she held the jacket tight around her. "…No. I just…" She wasn't thinking right when she bolted from the room.
Protects your heart? The Colonel thought about that for a while as it had answered one of his questions. If it was protecting her heart, her heart mustn't be the problem. There had to be something inside her that was attacking her body.
"Get your grumpy ass hand off her," Barnes ordered as he reached down to him; however, Toni batted his hand away. He was clearly shook. "Toni." He was giving her a pleading look.
"You gotta share, Punk," Bucky says as he turns Tony to face him. Before Tony or Steve can say anything, Bucky's kissing him, and he's kissing him hard. He doesn't gives Tony time to think as he takes control. It's a wet kiss as Barnes leaves nothing on the table. It's clear that he wants say it all through the kiss.
Peggy glanced at Phillips. "She did admit something about the rector to Dr. Erskine. She might slip up again."
Toni, whose eyesight was foggy, glanced up at her torturer. His face was blank as if his mind had been wiped and some kind of operating system had been put in its place. It frightened her to think about how he got like that. What kind of thing would do that to another human being and it was that idea that got her scared again. She struggled weakly with the restrains, but her strength was gone. She was unable to anything except to look into the blank face of the soldier, who was checking the restrains.
"Why don't we open these things before Clint goes crazy," Natasha said before anyone could say anything. There was a judging look in her eyes, but she didn't say anything else.
"Geez, Stark, not going to share with Rogers?" Natasha asked, eyeing Toni. Steve could see the worry in the assassin's eyes as she studied the genius next to him. He knew Natasha cared about Toni, even if she would never admit it.
"I have not." He glanced back at her as she didn't respond. "And dancing with that guy was what?" he asked, annoyed.
Tony wants to ignore her and does try, but Wanda's staring at him, intensely. She can gave Barnes a run for his money, which is something. She isn't looking a way as her eyes are glued on him, and no one else dares to speak. "Tell them what?" he utters, looking away.
Just before sleep over came her, she watched Rogers glare at Phillips, which was so unlike him. There was something in his look, but Toni was too tired to ponder it, and she fell asleep watching Rogers talk to Phillips. What she did know was that she wanted to go home and beat the crap out of a certain god.
"Feeding tube."
"That's for running away."
As she was focused on Rogers, she didn't notice the hand reappearing on her knee, until she felt the pressure, and it surprised her, causing her to finch noticeably.
"No, I don't."
Yep, this man's brownie points are going up, liking him more and more. "You can't blame me. I think you need some non-spy friends," Toni replied with a shrug. She wouldn't admit that she was hiding behind her jests.
need to be saved by anyone. She had a high power suit with enough fire power to take on an army. She was her own hero,
Bruce gave him a calculated look. Steve, who was still wearing his Captain America uniform, looked like he had been through hell both mentally and physically. "How are you, Steve?" he asked as he stepped toward him.
"You're just saying that," Tony says softly. "You don't mean it." Maybe, he needs to be fighting to get out of their arms.
Toni barely held back her snort. Rogers needed protection as much as Toni needed money. "A waste of tax payer money, I supposed," she mumbled.
"I'll probably fall sleep on your chest, and I promise I won't drool," she admitted, softly. She didn't know why, but she wasn't dreading the idea of sleeping in his arms. It would probably be the only way she would be able to sleep.
"Sir," Zola called. "We have an intruder." He pointed to a video feed. Schmidt glanced at Toni before crossing to Zola.
Barnes stands still, eyeing him. "And here I thought we were something more. I guess not," he says as he turns away. "Don't worry. I won't make another meal for you."
Howard let out a sigh before he glanced down at his hands. "I saw how you reacted to Phillips."
Rogers turn back with a confused look in his eyes. "Corporal Sark? I don't know who he is." eHe He
Howard took a deep breath, ready to protest, but before he could speak, the door to the room opened and Phillips stepped in with a nurse behind him. "Sark, I see you're up," Phillips said, eyeing her weak and exhausted form on the bed.
"Peachy." She replied as she stepped toward the door and glanced at Peggy, who had fallen to her knees. It was a truly sadness sight to see Peggy crying on the floor and Toni had no idea of what to do. She was never good at comforting someone in pain. Should she leave Peggy alone? Should she go to her? What should she say?
"Clint," Natasha yelled as she stepped into the lounge.
Her eye sight started to focus and she was able to make out the man. He was an average size man, and if she had to guess, he was slightly over 6 feet. "Who are you," she asked; her voice quaked as she spoke. She was barely able to get her words out.
He spied on Steve for crying out loud, so there was no telling how many people he was tracking in general.
"Banner, calm down."
In his hand was a little black box, and he was holding it out to her. His hand was shaking a bit- something that she never thought she would ever see. "I just wanted to get you alone." He paused for a second. "Well… At first, I didn't know if I should do this, but…"
"Toni." Her whole body was shaking, and it was hard not to take her into his arms and hold her.
"Toni, please wake up. Please," the voice called loudly. She wasn't put off by his voice as she was too busy trying to learn how to breathe again. Then all of the sudden, the air came rushing back to her lungs, almost overwhelming her, and she started to cough violently.
(See the end of the chapter for
The AI didn't respond at first. "I cannot track Miss Stark's phone."
Toni thought, listening to Sam speak to the group.
It was taking Toni longer than she wanted to get out the control room, which infuriated her. The longer it took her to get out, the less likely she would be able to escape. At first, she didn't think the guard would leave, but he was radioed away when another guard couldn't turn the alarm off.
"Toni," he said with a warning tone.
she yelled at herself. She had no idea why she couldn't get the words out. Would that make her a weaker? To add to that, she had no idea why she couldn't give Steve an answer. Why couldn't she tell him yes?
With a deep breath, Steve glanced around, eyeing anyone who came close. As they were in the lobby (or what Steve thought was the lobby), there was a lot of foot traffic, and there were a lot of ears around. Steve, who was unsure of what he doing or where he was going, had no clearances and was stuck to the lobby only, even if he wanted to get away from the crowd for privacy. His eyes flicked to the SHIELD's logo in the center of the room and stayed focused on it.
"Miss," JARVIS called, interrupting the two.
Suddenly, the S.T.R.I.K.E. patch was all she could see, and she was unable to make out anything else but the yellow font. She wasn't sure what the patch mean or who it belonged to. It could've been a military patch, but if it was, why would the soldiers leave her alone in the empty camp? It could've been SHIELD, but Fury would've known that if a SHIELD team found her, right?
He had that parent voice again, but this time, he sounded like a protective parent that wouldn't let anything happen to her, and she believed him. Shaking her head, she focused on him and she was able to relax enough that she could breathe.
Steve wasn't sure if he wanted to tell the room to shut it or to keep listening. He wasn't sure what happened to Toni, besides what was in the newspapers and they didn't tell him much. Even the folder that Fury had given him on Toni was limited. "Enough," he said, cutting them all off. "Back to the matter at hand." He waved toward the Iron Man Armor.
The End for now.
Thor didn't flinch at the sudden touch as he eyed her. His mouth twitched as to say anything, but before he could, Romanoff interjected, eyeing the genius "Stark, now is not the time." Her voice was stern, clearly a warning.
Sharon reached for phone and sat it on the counter in front of her. "Or maybe, the question I should ask: Do you know what love is?" There was a softness in her voice, and even if the question hit Toni line a ton of bricks, there was no judgement in her voice. "Have you ever been in love before, Toni?"
Phillips let out a sigh. "There was a reason why I wanted to speak to you."
Toni could feel her muscles contract as if to jump into action at any second. Even though her muscles felt like they were on fire, her body started to move on its own, knowing he would kill her if he got the chance. He wanted to kill her—she knew that for sure. She could feel it. She wanted to say it was because she left him on that roof and treated him like crap (that he was), but it felt like something else. But whatever it was, he shouldn't take it personally, as she treated everyone like crap—even when she didn't mean to. He wasn't special. "Yea, I don't buy it," she uttered, as she glanced around for Steve. They had gotten separated as she went from suit to suit.
Toni laid her forehead on the cold table and closed her eyes. It was stupid to fall asleep in a cold room, but it was easier to think. As soon as she got out of here, she would hack into Stark and the military computers to look for her device, which shouldn't be an issue for her. Granted, she didn't know what kind of computers they had back in these days, but she was a genius. She could hack into anything.
However, with this new information about Steve's memory, there was something that he could do. Bruce had sent him out to draw and/or write everything that he could remember of those memories. If they could get a better idea of what was happening to Toni, there was a better shot that they could get her back.
Toni glanced at him before staring at the covered window. Since entering the building, she had been able to warm up a little bit, but she still felt shaky, and she knew she would be ill in the morning. "You don't understand. It's worse not knowing…" She closed her eyes. "I keep seeing him dying over and over in my head, and each is worse than the last." She was hard core sobbing.
"Are you okay?" he asked. "I'm not going to try anything." He put his hand up in surrender.
"But I love attention. Makes me feel love." Toni shrugged. "But your lost."
Her eyes flew open and she glared at him. "What did you call me?" she hissed.
"I got everything that I needed done today," he answered as he pushed his plate away. "But I think Toni's day was better."
Toni snorted. She wasn't known to give the responses that people wanted. "Just do it," she muttered. The thought of it the act had to be worse than the act itself she thought. She was getting herself too worked up and she was losing her breath just thinking of it. At this point, she wanted them to do it.
"Hold on," she said as she stepped to the door and closed it. She caught a few people eyeing her, though she should have expected that. It probably didn't look too innocent.
"Go to hell," Toni hissed as she dug her fingernails into the woman's arm, trying to draw to blood.
He glanced from Banner to Toni and all he got was angry. He couldn't understand how she could be flirting with him so soon. She just met the guy and she was already flirting? It just annoyed him so much, and he just needed to get away before he did or said something he would regret.
The strong hand shake made sense now. "You have a grandson?" he asked, shocked but happy. He was glad that his former comrade had been able to settle down and start a family. Back in the day, that was what he wanted, but now he wasn't so sure, though he did want something with Toni. He wasn't sure if that counted as 'settling down.' He wasn't sure if that possible anymore.
Toni narrowed her eyes knowing what she was talking about, but she didn't need anyone's protection. "Just leave me alone, Carter, and wherever you go, take Rogers with you." Both look taken back by the use of their last name, but Toni couldn't bring herself to care. However, Rogers' look cut her deep. She looked at him before she took off, ignoring her tired, cold body. She couldn't be here anymore.
She so badly wanted to tell him that he was going to lose, that Rogers was going to kick his mother fucking ass, but no, she couldn't say that. She couldn't say anything. She had to sit there and take it, which was extremely difficult considering who the hell she was. Banter was in her DNA. "Don't lie, you totally love it," she responded.
, she told herself. For the time, it was highly advance and there was no safer plane; however, she still did not like it. The only aircrafts she trusted were her own as none could compare.
He was still a fuzzy shape for Toni, who could only recognized him by his voice.
Before she could dial or ever light the screen up, Rollins ripped it out of her hands and tossed it at the back of the car. "You won't be needing that for what we have planned." The smile on his face was a mixture of creepy and more creepy. It was like he couldn't chose between a smile and a glare, as he looked at her. "So, shut up or I will make you shut up."
Natasha's eyes widen. "What?" she utters, and for once in her life, she looks shocks which is surprising.
You're a maniac," Toni said, her eyes glued to the dying Maya. She was unable to remain upright, and it was a struggle to keep her eyes open. Toni couldn't stand the woman in front of her, but she didn't want her dead—even if there had been days in the past that she had. "Who would join you? I see how you treat your employees."
And any questions of who you think this third party is? Enter evil smile.
"Stark."
The End for now! I hope the wait wasn't too bad... The next chapter may or may not take awhile. Depends on whether I am dead from all of the Civil War clips. that movie is so going to kill us.
"Did it work?" she asked, as she picked up the device and moved to a different table.
Don't worry you will get the second half of this chapter soon! haha.
Barnes' expression changed. "You can't order me. I outrank you, Corporal."
When they were within a quarter of a mile of the base, the group separated into three groups. Dugan, Jones, Dernier, and an unnamed soldier were in the first group. Rogers, Folsworth, Morita and a second additional soldier made up the second team. In the third group was just Toni and Barnes, who were going to stay back until they received the all clear signal. It would be easier for them to sneak pass the guards, if they were distracted by Rogers and the rest of gang.
Steve huffed. "I don't like her. I don't know her, though I'm interested to find out why she was in that empty lot. Don't you think?" He watched his roommate. "What's on your mind?"
Steve pulled back from Toni and turned toward Clint, giving him a Captain America stare; however, before Steve could respond, Toni spoke, "We're not having sex. We have too many clothes on for that, but we can fix that." She turned back to the Captain and tug at his shirt.
Though she knew better than to talk to a stranger- you never know what could and would end up on the news-, Toni took a seat next to Sam, while avoiding looking directly at him. "I'm not weak," she repeated, though she wasn't sure who she was talking to. Sam? Herself? Who the hell was she trying to kid?
"Oh, do you?"
Still not saying a word, Toni scanned the room before flopping down on her soft, huge bed next to Rhodes, who had taken a seat at edge of the bed. Pepper was stiff and unmoving, as she stood in the center of the room. Her quietness could silence most people, and it was no different now. However, it was so much worse than before as Toni didn't know what brought this quietness on.
All that side, the sight of what Clint assumed to be Toni's blood pissed him the hell off. Forcing himself to take a few deep breaths, he touched it with his ungloved hand. The idea would probably disgust others, but it was a useful tool to the archer, as it could tell him a few things. "Mother fucker," he cursed. He hoped he wasn't this far behind, but he was at least an hour or so behind. The blood was almost dry with only a tact to it. "If this was where the fucker grabbed her, where did he go?" he asked, his anger breaking through his voice. It was like the kidnapper had vanished after he had taken the genius, as there were no other footsteps.
Toni crossed back to the device and loaded it into the suitcase just as the door to the small lab opened. "Stark," she greeted as she glanced up. She was getting him her famous glare.
Howard observed Toni's scared expression on her face and turned to Phillips. "Colonel, her nightmares," he said.
Crap. Fucken crap. Getting back to his feet, he pulled out his own phone and dialed Nat. They had a serious problem.
Lucky that Wintersupersoldiers got it back to me soo soon.
"Oh, shit," she thought as the door swung up.
"You're horrible a lot of things, Stark, like saying yes. How long did it take you?"
Seeing her device, which was locked away in a heavy duty case, she spoke, "Nope, you're still that bad." Her eyelids felt heavy and she could barely keep them open. If only she had enough energy to get to her device, because no matter what the risk was, she would use it to get home.
"How can that be?" Bruce asked. Toni kept jumping to different locations.
"Since when?" Toni asked, wiggling against him.
Steve was too tired—okay, too cranky for this, and he just wanted to crawl into bed with Toni. "JARVIS," Steve called.
Pepper looked up. "She turned her cell on. I saw her do it. You can track her by that!"
Steve's eyes widen as the anger and color drains from his face. "No, Tony, it isn-"
Rhodes glares. "Oh, you want to go there? I don't think you hav-"
There weren't many people in the parking lot, and though
"One-sided love." Steve looked at him as if he was pained by it. "She doesn't think Toni will love you back, granted she doesn't think much of love anyhow so I am not sure if she's a good judge."
"No," she yelled, strongly. "I am going to fix this."
Right now, she was stuck listening to the sounds or rather the screams of the city. Though she was high up in the sky, she could still hear the city below. She could hear the taxi cabs sing to each other, as crowd was chirping away at their phones. Together, they formed a loud roaring echo that reached every part of the city—including the sky, and it was a roar that never ended. It was no lie that 'New York was a city that never slept,' and the scene before her was proof to that. It was 3 o'clock in the morning, and Toni could corroborate that. Even from her spot high, she could hear the city sing. She could see the cars as they drove past, blending together into light. For someone who wanted the beach, the city was overwhelming.
"Salty," she greeted as she took a seat cross from him. She went to kick her feet on his desk, but his glare stopped her. "So you're probably wondering why I requested to speak to you."
Toni pulled slightly away from Howard's chest and tried to open her eyes again. She was only able to open them enough to make out fuzzy shapes.
"Why? What happened?" Rogers asked, looking at her.
"I didn't bolt. I just tired of Eye Patch." Toni didn't bolted and she would deny until she was blue in the face. "Besides, I have something on my mind," she replied, giving him a look.
Howard sighed as he picked up one of the rifles on the table to examine it. "Rogers?" he asked, not looking at her.
Toni shakily took a seat on the bed, forcing herself to take a few deep breaths.
How did Howard dealt with hit, when it brought her to tears? Then there was…Barnes, and how she
Toni frowned at him before glancing at her father, who was talking to Peggy. "…Fine," she replied, pushing herself up from the ground. "Let's talk," she said, as she dusted the dirt off her.
"Ouch, did he turn you down?" It would take Toni some time to get used to being called that.
"I'm fine." Her voice was betraying her; she hoped he wouldn't notice.
He had no idea why this city called for him as he had only been here when Hydra demanded it, but there something about this city. It was calling to him as some distant words echoed in his head.
Toni's heart raced as she recognized the man from the bar and her heart beat even faster when her mind registered that it was the same man from the alley. He was the man, who was haunting her dreams, and to make matters worse, he had a knife in his hand.
She wanted to give him the file back, not wanting it anymore, as all it did was haunt her, making her question everything. Plus, she couldn't take this time anymore and she wanted to use the device. Just as Howard and his work station came into sight, someone grabbed a hold of her upper right arm pulling her toward a few trees.
"I saw how you bolted." He eyed her as she didn't answer. "Why don't we go back in? I'll order you another drink."
However, it doesn't last long as it seems like Barnes had made it his life mission to win him over. Tony isn't sure why Barnes thinks it's so important, but he sees it in his eyes. He isn't sure what it is, but he sees how hard he's willing to work for it. He's a stubborn bastard, and there's no wonder how his relationship with Rogers works. They're willing to fight until the ends of the Earth for each other; they're in it until the end of the line, and that's clear to everyone. Tony likes to think that's why he gets light headed whenever he sees them as he wishes he had that. Not because he likes either of them—again, he's not teenager.
Bucky shakes his head, pushing away from Steve slightly. "S-Steve thought he could control it a-and…stop me b-before I did anything, but…" He runs his hands up Tony's arms before he falls back against Steve. "B-but I didn't trust myself… Steve either." He pauses to take another deep breath. "Didn't t-trust anyone to keep you safe, so I r-ran. I hid from you, when I shouldn't have. Steve tried to talk me out, t-trying to get me to see you, but I was-am scared. Scared that I might lose you. And with every s-second I didn't see you, I got worse. I d-didn't like the person I was becoming." He's having a hard breathing as he sobs, and it's heartbreaking. "Though it seems like I did by my own stupidity. But I couldn't—can't help it. Every time, I close my eyes, I see you d-dead in a puddle of your own blood, and…I lose it. Lose it. I need you, Punk."
Anger flashed through Toni, insulted that Sharon would even ask that. What was she trying to say? That she didn't care? She cared so much it hurt. "Excuse me."
I can do to you. Some might say they're worst then anything the Hulk can do."
"Then what did I interrupted?" He kept his eyes straight, avoiding at her.
She took a deep breath before she spoke, "I'm leaving." His eyes widened and his mouth dropped open.
"Toni was there. She was captured and tortured by the Red Skull," Steve revealed. It made him sick and mad as he thought about it. How could anyone torture a woman?
"Just admit it, you like dressing me," Toni uttered as she stared into Steve's warm blue eyes. "Because if this becomes habit, there're a few things I got to tell you. A few do and don'ts of dressing me."
Toni didn't want to think anything of it, as JARVIS would alert her if something was truly out there, not that there could. JARVIS was the
He closed the journal and slid it away from him. "I find you stimulating, Stark."
"Guys, this is not the time," Rhodes said, putting a hand on Toni's shoulder. It was a firm grip that the angry, tired brunette couldn't break free of. "We just got her back. We don't need to fight now."
"Clint is an idiot. I will deal with him. And don't listen to Rumlow or Rollins." As soon as Natasha could get Steve alone, she pulled him side and refused to let him go, trapping him in a corner. She was determined to talk.
Natasha pulls him down softly and wraps her arms around him when she has him on the sofa. "He's an idiot. Steve's an idiot too," she says, softly in his hair. "Both of them."
room? And where did he sleep? He must've slept in the couch like a little champ. Did he just want to show the world that he was perfect? "Rogers," she muttered, annoyed. She knew she was judging him with a bias opinion, but she didn't want to see him as any other way. In her eyes, he couldn't just be a nice guy, who generally cared about her. He had to be the know-it-all bastard, who had to point out everything that she did done wrong. He had to be an egoist asshole, who had to save someone every single day. "Stupid, Rogers."
he curses at himself.
"Don't go there," he snapped. Natasha, in the past, had accused Toni of planting ideas in his head as if Steve couldn't think for himself. He may admit that Toni may not have liked Fury and SHIELD, which was something she admitted to, but she never forced anything on him. "I don't think I have ever really trusted SHIELD, and trust me, I wanted to. It was the soldier in me that called to that life, and without it, I probably would've been lost. I can admit that, but that isn't the case anymore."
"No chance in hell!"
And did you all hear in the new Comic of Iron Man, Tony Stark was adopted. I am not sure how I feel about that. It kind of changed the whole story of Iron Man, doesn't it?
With rapid fire balls coming at her head, Toni didn't think there was anything that could stop these men, as you couldn't exactly destroy fire; however, blowing the Mark 42 did seem to work on Kilian, as the flames were still reaching high into the sky. In his place was a ball of dancing fire, and even if the intense flames melted everything it touched, Toni could feel the breath she was holding released—something that she didn't even know she was doing, and the pressure was gone. It was almost freeing. Almost.
This was Camp Lehigh.
Tony snaps back to reality, popping up. "Rhodey," he replies, not hearing his best friend enter. He wonders briefly if FRIDAY had alerted him, and he just missed it as his mind is on other things. "Dum-E, no." Tony yells, turning around in his chair. "Stand down." Though he knows, he shouldn't laugh, but the genius can't help but smile at the scene in front of him. The bot is chasing Jim around the lab with the fire extinguisher in its metal arm. "That's not the proper use of a fire extinguisher! Down boy. Down." He let out a smiling chuckle. "Don't make me give you away to a locate college."
The blush had finally died down on Steve's face. "Hits?" he asked, eyeing Toni.
It was Toni who snapped him out of his daze, saying, "Now there's that guy, and he's…some guy." Her tone changed slightly as if she was flirting.
After sitting his shield down gently, Steve took a few steps toward her while giving her a narrowing look. "Toni, you know you can't drink in your condition," he stated.
Tony doesn't know how long he has been in his lab, as he can't keep track of the days, though he can ask FRIDAY if he wants to—not that he does. He doesn't need or want to be reminded of how long it has been since he had broken up with the two best things that has ever happened to him. He doesn't need to be reminded of the lo—nope, not love. Can't be— happiness that he has lost. He doesn't need to be reminded of how much of a failure he is.
Phillips turned his attention back to Toni, who had started to pick at her cast. He could see in the muscles in her mind work as she stared blankly at the one-way mirror. "Where did the Doctor go?"
Toni wasn't sure what he wanted to talk about with her and Rogers. If he wanted to talk about her device, he wouldn't need Rogers, and if it was about destroying the bases, they wouldn't need her. She hadn't been invited to those meetings, though it wasn't like she needed to be there. She didn't want to be there.
Pepper gave him a look before glancing around the room. "Space for what?" It was suddenly freezing in the room as the CEO spoke. Her voice was anything but kind.
His eye twitches, knowing that he has to be careful, but he doesn't slow down. "That's exactly what it is. Don't confuse it with anything else."
"How is he my personal Chief?" Tony asks. "If he is, he's so fired. He isn't wearing the mini skirt that was provided for his uniform." He knows he's playing it close, but he can't help it. He just speaks, and it's like there's an explosion of words in his mouth.
"Why are you here?" Steve asked, finally able to get the words out. If this was any other time, he would love to have a get together with them. He would've loved to sit down and talk, but he wasn't up to talking, and he hated himself for it. These two were Howling Commandos. They were his comrades, who had risked their lives to follow him, but more importantly, they were his friends. They deserved his respect.
"It's 11 am," Toni tried to protest. How was he still in bed with her? How wasn't he foaming at the mouth trying to get out of bed? He didn't have a lazy bone in his body.
"There's always time for fun." Peggy glanced back at her, annoyance present on her face. It was weird to be hated by her as Peggy had been her life line when she was younger. Whenever Toni needed to talk or cry something out, she went to Peggy, who would always listen no matter what even if it was two in the morning. "So where are you taking me?" she asked, knowing she better change the subject again.
"Are you okay, Sark?" he asked, pulling her out of her thoughts.
Banner leaned back in this own chair and stared at the ceiling as well. "Nope."
some paid time off until Pepper came back…though Pepper would kill her for that. However, everyone else in the company would be happy. Who wouldn't want time off during this time of year? Everyone would love her for that, and who wouldn't want that? However, she didn't want them to love her just because she gave them paid time off. She wanted them to love her for being awesome.
"I am afraid I have been stalling, Captain." Zola uttered. "Admit it, it's better this way. This way you won't have to see Stark in her new role. Oh, I am sad that I will miss it."
"Then there was Steve, who was always spouting a jealous look whenever Barnes came up. He-"
"So are you going to tell me how it protects your heart?"
There was a long silence in the room as Bruce and Toni stared at each other. Steve could only look between the two as they silently communicate with each other with your eyes. Even if this wasn't the right time or place, Steve found his annoyance was coming back. Were this some kind of flirting game? Why was she staring at him like that?
Toni looked up and narrowed her eyes, as she knew they weren't alone. She watched as Peggy, Erskine, and to her annoyance, Howard, walked pass the Colonel to the door. They each gave him a look as they walked out of the room. Not even a second later, Phillips closed the door. "There. Now we're alone." Though she was not looking at him, she could feel his stare on her. "Speak."
Said genius flinched at the sound of her name, realizing that she wasn't alone. She slowly pushed herself up onto her elbow again and turned toward the voice. Struggling to remain up, her eyes twitched as she noticed her father sleeping awkwardly in a small arm chair. He was leaning back with his elbow bent so he could use the back of his hand as a head rest.
So, Sharon was a SHIELD agent and Toni knew? It may have been a few hours since he learned the truth, but he was finally able to stop and think about it as he stepped walked through SHIELD's headquarters. It annoyed the hell out of him that she didn't tell him. He didn't need a babysitter… So why didn't Toni tell him? She had to know. They acted like they were friends.
"I want to know," he said as he chased after her. She remained a few feet in front of him, and it wasn't because she was faster than he. He could catch her at any second, but the chase was fun. "You have to tell me."
Toni stepped back to Banner and put her arm on his shoulder. "You're tiptoeing, big man. You need to strut," she said with a smile. Her hands squeezed his shoulder as she looked at him.
Also, side note: this is not and will not be a crossover with SUITS in any form. I just uses those names as they were the only names that I could think of for Lawyers.
"Why is that?"
Wilson and Rhodes replies together.
Toni blew out slowly, not sure what she should do. She could change the future by going out on this mission, but at the same time, she couldn't risk her father's death. Her father had been very involved with the SSR, but she was sure that he didn't go out into the field. He didn't get his hand dirty. "I can go. Nothing to lose."
"I can handle her," Howard replied with a smirk. "I-"
Rhodes clearly didn't like that idea. "She dumped me in the middle of nowhere! I want to talk to her." He stepped toward the door. "I'll find her on my own. I know her well enough to know where she could've gone."
"Do you believe I'm that prisoner? That's crazy." The gun was still pointed toward her, but it wasn't going to make Toni sweat. This wasn't the first time she had a gun in her face and she knew it wouldn't be the last.
was, but Steve knew exactly who she was referring to as he kept seeing him to. "I do too."
Clint's eyes wandered around the hole. It was very interesting, because JARVIS was correct. Everything just vanished, and that was strange. There were no displaced tiles, broken pipes or anything. It was a clean cut. There were no evidence that anything besides a hole was ever there. "Is there anything you can use to track Toni?" Clint asked.
"So, she said no?"
Steve smiled, trying to mask the pain of seeing him like this. Would it be this hard with all of his friends? "It's a long story. I came to see how you're doing."
"Toni, I-"
At that moment, he sounded like the future Rogers and Toni didn't like it. She liked the past Rogers so much better than the future one, and she wouldn't listen to him if he continued to sound like that.
He studied her, as if he was trying to figure out what to say. He was clearly in unknown water and he didn't know what to say. "It's okay." She looked away. "Toni, it's okay to be hurting."
Bucky steps toward him, crouching down, as he tries to meet Tony's eyes. "Come on, Punk. Talk," he says, softly.
"No! No! That's just a prototype." Howard crossed to him in a hurry as if to take it from him.
Barnes, trying to ignore the comments of the Schmidt unlike Steve, watched the Doctor, who was trying to get Schmidt out the door.
"I'm starting to think you don't want me to leave," she replied as she fought her urge to sleep. She hoped he couldn't see how exhausted she was as she didn't want
Toni snorted, because she couldn't see herself working alongside her father; however, she couldn't rot in a cell. "I'll tell you everything in private."
She felt ill just thinking about it because she couldn't even begin to imagine what he had gone through.
His mind wandered back to that cold dark night when he found her; he thought she was going to die from her injures. Even then when he didn't know who she was, he hated seeing her like that; his heart ached from the sight. He wanted to save her from that pain, but he couldn't. He knew he couldn't and he knew he couldn't stop his own pain either.
A second later, the Commander cursed and threw her cross the room. "You bitch. You're too much trouble."
After drinking half the bottle of water and with a bit of hesitation, Toni dumped the remaining of it on her head. She shivered as the water dribbled down her face and neck. It tickled as it traveled down her skin, dripping into her shirt. The cool water droplets felt refreshing against her warm, sticky skin, though it gave Toni slight chills. Even now, the slight feeling of water against her skin brought out some panic in her. It was a battle at times to keep
Trip gave her a look before shaking his head. "I don't believe my mother would forgive me if I let my grandfather get into a fight with a fellow Commando," he said, exasperated.
Shockingly, a protective look formed in Sharon's eyes. "If you're referring to what happened last night, you aren't broken. You aren't a burden." She paused for a second as she took a step back. "You're human, and when we've seen what we've seen, it's impossible to come out unscarred. And there's nothing wrong with that. It just means you deserve your happy ending just like everyone else."
She so hated that title, and she was tired of everyone calling her by it. "I know that,
? From your goddamn boyfriends. Your
For a while, Toni just stood there in front of her parent graves, unmoving. Even with the jest about children, her father's letter shook her to the core, and she couldn't stop trembling. How could he say all of those things? He really loved her? He was proud of her? Believed in her? To know her father thought all of those things meant everything to her. "Geez, old man," she said, softly. "Still getting to me." He had broken through her shield.
She tried to calm herself down with a few deep breaths, but it wasn't working. "You don't know me, Rogers. You have no fucking idea of who I am, where I came from or what the hell I'm going through, so leave me the
"It won't," Steve said, quickly. He didn't care what it takes, because he would do whatever it took to make sure it doesn't. Toni was too special to hurt.
"And you didn't want to visit your other girlfriend?" she asked, her tone was noticeable flat.
Sitting Toni down gently, Steve set her down across from Bruce and took a step down next to her. He glanced up at the television as well, reading the words at the bottom of the screen. Toni stared at him, studying his every move, as she still couldn't understand why he wanted to be with her.
"Why are you alone?" he asked, his eyes drilling into her. "Do you know how dangerous that is? HYDRA wants you."
Steve walked pass Natasha, who looked unaffected by what she was hearing or seeing. "What's going…" He started but drifted off seeing one of Toni's Iron Man Armors. He couldn't tell for the life of him what Mark it was, but he knew it was one of the recent ones that she had created… or so he thought. "Why is that out?" he asked, his eyes narrowing. He glanced toward Rhodes who were sitting on a bar stool with a glass of something in his hand.
Steve demands, strongly.
Toni ignored the question about Steve as she wasn't exactly sure what Rhodey was going on about. What was he fishing for? Why was he angry? "So what's really goin' on?" she asked, as she would rather talk about anything else but Steve. That flat tone could only mean something bad. "With Mandarin. Seriously, can we talk about this guy?" She said, taking her feet off the desk and leaning forward. Her eyes glanced over to the muted television on the corner.
It was clear that the group had a good working relationship, even if Cap didn't like the banter. It kind of made Toni jealous to how smoothly Rogers worked with others, which if he had to glare at them with his captain stare to make they do so. Right now, for example, she was torn between hugging Steve and punching him, just because of the person he was. "No wonder he can't get laid."
*O*O*
"Toni."
The Good Captain gave her a look before glancing down at her ankle. His eyes widened as if he remembered her ankle, and before she could say another word, he scooped her up in his arms. "I'm sorry, Toni. How's your ankle?" he asked, concern in his voice.
He stood up and crossed to the windows. "You have never answered my question." Phillips looked back, staring at her for a few minutes. "Why would such a pretty young thing have that in her chest?"
"Steve," Toni whispered, eyeing him. She balled her fists into the sheets as he stepped away.
"Nope. I have a hard head."
Really that smile of his was not fair. He shouldn't have that kind of power over her. Fighting the urge to hug him, she narrowed her eyes at him. She remembered she should be angry at him, because she thought she had seen a dead man walking. "I see you're back."
"No."
He gave her a look as he pushed himself up onto one knee. He stared into her eyes, just staring, as if he was trying to read her mind. "Tell me about your nightmares," he said, calmly. It sounded almost like an order, but it didn't have that edge that Captain America had when he gave orders.
Toni glanced around to see if anyone was looking at her, but no one was paying attention to her. They walked past her without a second glance. Taking this as a sign, she walked to the doors with a look in her eyes that said she knew what she was doing. When she reached the door, she took a deep breath. She was about to open the door, when she heard footsteps behind. She was going to ignore them, but the woman's voice stopped her.
Bruce's grip loosened and he took a step back to get a good look at her. For a second, he studied her, taking her in. He eyed the dirty 1940's military uniform she was wearing for a second before eyeing her messy hair that stuck out in every direction. He could see the dark shadows under her eyes. He could see her exhaustion. "Toni, how did you get back!? How are you here? Are you okay?" he asked, quietly, not giving her any time to respond. "No offense but you look like shit."
"I had been doing that for years." She shook her head, as she took a deep breath. Closing her eyes, she pictured her father, who was always yelling at her for doing something wrong.
She looked at the
Toni jumped at the sound. "I'm fine," she said, trying to hide her fear. She hadn't been able to sleep lately and it had put her on edge. She knew she couldn't be able to keep this up.
And Question. Not saying i am going to do this, just looking for feed back. Looking for the opinion of my readers. I got a few people wanting this to be a True Steve/Toni/Bucky pairing. Now, I have nothing against that relationship, and I do enjoy those three together myself. However, I just want to see what you joy think. Let me know through the review.
"Steve?" Came the foggy cry. "That's h-hurts. Stop it." Her eyes were still closed as she tried to fight him off.
Was it bad that Toni wanted to turn her comms off? Normally, this small talk-this teasing didn't bother her, but for some reason it did. It got under her skin in ways that it annoyed her. Maybe, it was because she wasn't in the mood. Maybe, she had other things on her mind. She wasn't sure what, but it only made her push her suit harder. It made her want to distance herself.
"To Gabe, they can," Dugan teased as he took a slip of his drink.
With a smile on her face, Toni pulled away from Steve, though not letting him go. "Oh, a plus if there was ever one." She replied, as she rested her head against Steve's chest. It was picture perfect…well if she wasn't so sleepy. She could sleep right here, right in Roger's warm chest.
"She's being crazy today, Steve," Barnes stated as he stopped by the water feature in the living room.
"You aren't, but most women love me, well that if you don't count the ones whose hearts I have broken."
Steve gave her a smile as he wrapped his arms around her. "Hey, if I can't have snow, then I get a Christmas tree."
Phillips stepped forward as he rubbed the corner of his eyes with his hand. "Does this mean Agent Carter knows?" he asked, before Howard could open his mouth. "Can't anyone in this damn organization keep a secret?"
"I know."
Natasha's eyes flicked to Toni before they rested on Steve. "We'll get the missions detail on the jet."
Toni cracked a small smile as she glowered at the ground. "I knew it was stupid." She was beginning to worried, because she would have nowhere to go if Barnes didn't let her stay with him and Rogers. "What gave it away?"
At first, Steve didn't know what to make of what Natasha was saying. Besides Clint, no one fully knew her story, as she refused to even hint at her past. He knew the basic story, a former Russian Assassin turned SHIELD agent, but that was it. He didn't know her story, struggle, her pain, or if he could trust her. He had no idea what her motivations or her driving force, and it drove him nuts. How could you trust someone if you have no idea of who she or he was? "What are you hinting at?" he asked.
Ignoring the judging looks and whispers, she kept her focus on Steve's door, as she reached into her pocket, pretending to look for a key. Only being at his apartment once, she was ashamed to say she didn't have key to her boyfriend's apartment. What did that say about her? Was she a horrible person? A horrible girlfriend? Was she good enough? Okay, she knew that she wasn't good enough.
"I do," he replied letting out another laugh. "What about you? Do you have a nickname?"
"So everyone gets a nickname but me?" he laughed.
and SSHHHH. You can all ignore the part where i am bad at uploading.
"Yes, and I deserve the truth."
It had taken her quite a while to find him as Steve had gone to multiple recruitment centers under different names to enlist, and she didn't know which one he went to. When she finally found Steve, he was walking out of an army recruitment center. He was behind a few other men, who looked like they had been rejected as well. They looked tired and small as well, but compared to Steve, they were giants. Even with him right in front of her, it was hard to believe that there was someone as small as Steve in the world. How did he survive being that small? Even now, the other small men were making fun of him.
That's the last thing he needs right now. "No," he says strongly. "Only let Vision through if he needs me."
"What?" he asked, completely in shock. "What do you mean by you're leaving, because I can't have you going out by yourself."
That wasn't the question she was expecting from him, but she had an answer: she wasn't crazy…well not yet anyhow. However, she wasn't able to voice it as her brain was going into overdrive. It was hard to think pass the small person in front of her. He must've been teased so much, she thought, sadly. She wasn't aware of his life before he became an America's icon, but as he didn't speak about it, she was sure it wasn't good. She didn't blame him on that one, because she didn't want to talk about her messed up childhood as well.
Steve laughed. "Very true."
Steve took the folder. "Thanks," he said, adding nothing else. He didn't want or have any interest in talking to Fury about what was going on in his head; heck, he wasn't sure what was going on in his head. Everything was spinning and he couldn't make heads or tails of anything. However, a part of what Fury said did rang to him, because he
Toni didn't think anyone could make her wish that Harley, the boy who never shut up, was at her side instead of this idiot, who didn't understand personal space. However, the mention of Steve got Toni's mind spinning. Having no idea what was going though Steve's head at this very moment, Toni had no interest of being reminded of her perfect Boyfriend, who deserved better than her. Guilt just filled her, whenever she thought about the pain and heartache she was putting him through. "Come on in and close the door, Damn it. You're letting in the flies."
With a deep breath, he followed after her, giving her some space to run, as she needed the space, though he wouldn't let her get to far away. He would catch up with her in no time once she stopped, and he would approach her again and get her to tell the truth. He would get her to talk about whatever was haunting her. He could tell by the looks in her eyes that this ran deeper than just him, and judging from where he found her, he knew it had to do with her father.
He has to refigure out who Toni is. Poor guy.
He, with his ears to the ground, had been touching base with Sharon Carter every few hours, comparing notes. Sharon, though not Toni's biggest fan, was also pissed that had taken her and was also searching for her, and if they were both looking for Toni, they might as well work together. Clint, who hadn't been quiet about it, had never been a fan of the whole creepy neighbor thing that Fury had set up, but he didn't hold it against the woman, who was simply doing her job even if the whole thing stunk like shit. Anyhow, after speaking Agent Carter and hearing her take on what was happening within SHIELD, Clint knew who had taken Stark. Well, he knew who physically took the genius; before, he only thought something was off. Now, he knew that the Strike Force was dirty. He also knew that Rollins was getting two arrows in each knee. Rumlow will get two in each knee as well.
Her device was a few feet from her, but she still hadn't had the chance to test it with the hydra core as Howard wouldn't let her near it. He had been careful and had made it impossible for her to steal it, like he knew what her plan was. She didn't like that he was able to read her like he had.
His words snapped her back to reality, and it took a few seconds for her to focus on the determined man in front of her. "I gave you the truth," she replied.
With a tablet in one hand, Maria answers, "Yeah." It went go downhill from here.
"I am Iron Man, you know." Toni said, matter of fact. "I do get hurt."
Shaking her head, she turned toward the center of the base and stared at the brick buildings. Her mind was all over the place and it kept firing and wandering. It jumped from shame to utter sadness that almost took her over, and she didn't know how to handle that. Her mind also went to Loki and his plan as it was a way to distract her from the pain.
He waited for her to say something, but when she didn't, he spoke, "Tell me what's going on in that head of yours."
Toni sighed, as she closed her eyes. "Not my fault that you have the abs of a god. Not even Thor can compete."
Toni wasn't exactly sure what Steve hear or knew. Did they put the pieces together? Did he hear what the assassin said? The idea that she was standing in front of the window and not shot should be a topic on everyone's mind. How was she not shot? She was standing
Peggy stepped closer. "You're not going to talk your away out of this."
"That you kiss me."
Shaking her head, she continued her crawl as the ground shook below her. "Assfuck," she cursed as another rumble sent her to her knees. "I hate this." Yet another shake rocketed through the building, keeping her still. She closed her eyes as she was hit by the overwhelming heat. If she didn't hurry up, she was going to go down with the building. Toni pushed herself onto her knees and forced herself forward.
"And I love you and Steve," Bucky says, putting a finger under Tony's chin and lifting it up. "I don't know if I'd call it love at first sight as you both were- are idiots, who drove me up a wall. Seriously, you two drove me crazy at first, and I wanted to run in the other direction. So glad I didn't." His voice is raw and dry.
"I thought Toni needed something else to wear. Did you see those clothes she had been wearing?" Steve asked.
Not the longest thing that I have ever written, but it gets me to where I want to be.
Though Toni wasn't as fragile as everyone thought she was, she could get used to Steve carrying her around. She could get used to him, holding her close as he wore a skin tight shirt that scratched across his chest, showing all of his muscles. Seriously, how did he get into that shirt? That in itself should be illegal, though it was her who brought it. So she would probably need to have herself arrested too? If so, she was not going down alone! He was going arrested for being so damn hot.
everywhere, but even now, she saw Bucky. This time, he was staring at her from across the Lincoln Memorial. His eyes were drilling into her, eating at her soul. Was it sad that his appearance didn't surprise her anymore? Yes, her heart was racing, but she didn't jump at his appearance.
There was something up with him and it wasn't because he didn't want to bother her. It was something else; it had to be. He didn't sweat the small things. "You offer to listen if I needed to talk, though I don't need to talk, but yet, you won't talk to me. You can talk to me." She paused. "If this is about Peggy, you can say it. I know I can get her to say yes to you." Why was she trying so hard? She was sure he didn't need her help.
Originally, the only reason why he's hiding is because of Steve Freaking Rogers. It isn't because he hates him as that's the farthest thing from the truth. No, No, No. He does
"So you figure a homeless shelter is better than the hospital?" he asked with smile.
"So why hasn't Hydra killed her yet?" Rumlow asked, giving him a look. "And what about the Captain? Is it the same?"
"..." A very red Steve couldn't find his words. All he could do was look forward and walk.
Tony freezes between them, unsure of what to do. "No."
"Rogers," she muttered as he came closer. She tried to make herself look less pathetic and fragile than she really was, because even in this time, she didn't need his pity. However when he looked her over, Toni knew he was seeing past her deception. She had no idea how he did that, when no one else could.
I must have called it in my sleep. That's not supposed to happen. I'll recalibrate the sensors…Can we just…just let me…" she said, finding it hard to find her breath. Though she was completely naked, it felt like something was sitting on her chest, applying extreme amount of pressure. "Just let me catch my breath, okay?" Tears were running down her cheeks. "Please, don't go, alright? Please." She was in full panic mood.
"Peachy," Toni smiled.
"Hey!" Toni protested. She could feel her heart ping as she heard the words:
"Bucky wouldn't want this," Rogers stated as he stepped toward her. "He wouldn't want you to cut yourself off."
His eye twitched at the nickname. "Dr. Erskine is dead," he stated as he stepped to the bars of her cell. A key dangled in his hand.
Toni took another slip as she stared mindlessly stared across the room and out the window. There wasn't much visible outside as everything was covered in darkness. The sun hadn't risen and wouldn't for another hour or so. No matter how hard she stared, Toni wouldn't be able see much in the darkness, not that she was interested in seeing the breathtaking view at the moment. The shadows, the only thing Toni saw, was all that she focused on. She couldn't look away from the dark shades, pondering what had created each shape.
"It is the device," JARVIS answered. Each time it went off, Toni's location jumped. "It is not the video, Sir. It is Miss Stark."
Pepper was panicking as she knew what this alarm meant. "JARVIS! What happen? Is Toni okay?" she yelled as loud as she could. If she didn't, there was no way he would have heard her.
"It's home," he smiled.
"Well, you were his moral compass," Toni stated softly. "Mine too if you think about it, though I might not listen. There is no fun listening." She fought the urge lean her head on his shoulder and lowered herself to her knees.
He also didn't need the team to know that he was in love- yup, he still got faint of heart whenever he thought of her- with Toni. He wouldn't know how to explain this feelings either. How would he without telling them everything? Also, he had other things to worry about, and that was Loki's obsession with Toni. Why he so focused on Toni? Steve didn't know, but he would let that man anywhere near her.
Before Toni realized what happened, the asshole was pushed off her and she stumbled back without the weight on her arm. She looked around to see what the hell had happened, and there to her surprised stood Barnes. The sight of him pissed her off, even if it was a relief.
Howard's eyes drifted to the case. "I guess we better get this going. We don't want this thing out in the open for too long," he said, nodding to the case.
You're overreacting, she told herself as she stood outside of the bar in the cold. Temperatures had dropped by at least 20 degrees and Toni could see her breath, but she had no interesting of going back inside. Not even the call of the Alcohol could get her back inside, and it wasn't because of the Howling Commandos or the catcalling pigs. It was because of the guy who asked her to dance. Ignoring her gut which could've been the alcohol talking, she agreed. The man was a good dancer who kept his hands where they belonged, but there was something wrong. She could feel it.
Steve's eyes fell as he stepped toward her and wrapped his arms around her. He held her tight, not letting her go. "Talk to me, Toni."
Even if the very idea of him spying on her annoyed her, she didn't like seeing him on the operating table like this. (Which was why she offered to fly in the top people—something that Maria Hill rejected.) He was the man who kicked the Avengers into existence. He was
Natasha didn't object, but Clint was a different story. "Toni, we don't-"
The doorknob wiggled as someone tried to open the door. "Toni, open the door. Let us in, please," Rogers begged as he banged on the door.
"Barton," Steve groaned, not wanting to admit that even if he wanted nothing else. He wanted to wrap his arms around her and fall asleep with her against his chest. He hadn't been sleeping lately, but for some reason, he knew he would sleep like a baby with her in his arms. He knew he would finally find rest at hearing her heartbeat next to his.
"Please come back with me," Pepper responded.
*O*O*
He feels so defeated. "Not good for anything. Barnes won't even let me touch his arm."
she thought to herself as the blanket fell to the ground. It was like she could breathe again as it fell.
Toni's head shoot up. "What?"
Toni smiled. "I try." Though she did not like it, she was a lot like her good for nothing father. No, she did
Toni was going to puke and it wasn't because she was sick. It was because of Agent Sassy Pants and the giant Shrimp and their sickeningly lovey-dovey looks that they were giving each other. It made her sick. Why did they have to look at each other like that? They weren't horny teenagers; they were in a fucken war. There was no time for that shit….
"After I got over the shock that you liked Toni, I couldn't help but notice all of the signs, and let me tell you, your unrequited loved is cute and a bit sad. You're like a puppy." He paused to laugh at Steve's red face. "Natasha, Clint, and I are taking bet to when you snap and shove Toni against a wall and kiss her."
Bruce looked back and noticed the anger on Clint's face. "What's up with you?" he asked. "If you were the hulk, we would be in trouble." He kept back his laughter, but there was still a smile on his face.
Natasha's eyebrow rose as she eyed the still Captain. "How long do you think it'll be before he storms the castle for Stark?" she asked.
Toni let out a sighing chuckle. "Been flirting all of my life, and I'm not going to stop."
Gabe laughed. "You might not like what you hear," he teased as he played with his cards. He hadn't folded yet, and he was playing with his hand as if he was proud of it.
"Yes, kill." Natasha's eye twitched as she stepped away from the car. "Oh, God forbids, I do that."
His hand dropped from her arm so he could pull her into an embrace. He wrapped his arms around her and nestled her head under his chin. "I could never hate you. Maybe, mild dislike in your teenage years, but never hate. There's nothing you can do to make me hate you, Toni."
He glanced at Steve before taking a step to the side. "So not worth it," he stated as he turned to leave. "But if you change your mind, Fire Rocket, let me know." He slapped her on the ass before leaving.
Why did she have to do this? "Damn it, Toni. Stop this," he demanded.
Natasha's expression changed as her hands dropped to her lap. "What's wrong, JARVIS?" she asked, leaning back in her chair. Her tones changed from annoyance to concern, though there was hint of something. "Did Stark do something?"
It had started to rain in the last few minutes, and the wooden step that Toni was sitting on provided no cover from the storm. She could've moved from the steps on to the porch, but she didn't have the will to move, even if the rain was so hard that it felt like she was being pelted by halt from a heavily snow storm. However, at a few long minutes of just sitting there in the rain, she forced herself up but didn't go far. She stepped back and took a seat on a higher step. She didn't know if she was punishing herself or if it was because the cold was the only thing she could feel.
Pepper was pacing the Avenger's Tower, waiting for some word on Toni. Unlike Toni, the CEO knew this tower wasn't Stark Tower anymore and wasn't going to fight that losing battle. However, it didn't mean she liked it. She hated how involved Toni had gotten with the Avengers, wishing there was some distance between them. She hated the constant worry that Toni might not come back. She hated that Toni put her life on the line everyday by being Iron Man, and she wanted her to stop. She couldn't take another scare like this.
Steve glanced toward the Christmas tree then toward Toni. There was a frown on his face as he looked at her. "How long are we gone for?" he asked with a blank look.
"At ease, soldiers!"
Let me know through your review.
"I'm not jumpy. Rogers is just exasperating." She would rather talk about her anger than her fear with Barnes.
He looked up startled as if Toni had admitted to killing someone. "I'm no such thing."
Toni took a deep breath. Her fear rose up: her father after her mother's death kept replaying in her head. "Yes."
"They won't," Clint growled, his voice startling them all. "I will promise you that."
Toni looked up from her dish and narrowed her eyes at him.
The End for now,
"You cannot run, Лицо куклы," he warned.
"So you admit that you're not perfect." He let out a chuckle.
"Well… you know… Rabbits are..." She drifted off with a red face. It was awkward to mention sex to Steve even if it related to a rabbit. "They… breed like crazy. You k-" Steve broke out into a roaring laugh. "Hey! It makes sense!" She stated, trying to talk over his laugher. "You know how he is with the ladies."
Peggy practically jumped to her feet as she turned to Toni, who was standing back against the wall. Toni wanted to give Peggy a chance to say good bye as this would be the last time she would see Rogers, while Toni would see him soon. "What about Toni!" She said, as she crossed to Toni and pulling Toni to the radio. "She can help."
"You don't have to go after him," he stated as he picked up the round shield.
"…Yes, Sir." Rollins responded.
Toni started to freak out, because she couldn't stay in a cell for the rest of her life. She would go crazy. "You will kill the Super Soldier project." She had to find a way out of this.
Both Bucky and Steve shoot up and turn to Tony, who's trying to hide under the blanket. "Pain?" they utter at once. Worry morphs onto their face, and they inch closer to him. "Are you okay?!" "Where does it hurt?" they ask, shooting off rapid questions. "You need ice?" "Tell me and I will get it for you!"
I hoped you like this chapter. This chapter turned out alot better than I thought it was.
For a few seconds, Toni was speechless and had no idea of what to do or say. Sure, she joked about having kids, but when did she say that she wanted kids? Did she even want kids? The genius wasn't sure, but she knew the idea didn't completely scare—not like it did in the past. Previously, she ran screaming if she saw a beast or even heard one, but now, it was different. Sure, they still freaked her out, but for some reason, they seemed
"Only a few minutes, Sir."
Her fear had turned to panic as she noticed the fading light coming from her Arc Reactor. No, she cried, as there was nothing she could do. She had never felt so alone and weak. Even when she was tortured for her weapons, she had Yinsen, who had saved her life, but now, the only thing keeping her alive was going out, and there was no one, who could help her. She wouldn't call for help, even in her own house, her home.
Knowing he looks like an idiot, Tony waves them off. "Geez, you people make me feel so great about myself," he says, playing hurt. "No wonder I have low self-esteem."
He stared at the file as if he was reading it but he wasn't. After a few seconds, he looked up at her. "You're correct. I'm not sending a woman out into the battlefield." He flipped a page over.
"I saw the name on them."
Toni stared at him, and she could see the Future Rogers in him. "I know that and I admire that about you," she said with a smile. He was clearly taken back from that. "I want you to keep trying. However, just be smart about it. Don't give up or I will have to beat you."
Then there were the nightmares that destroyed any chance of her sleeping, and now the nightmares had only gotten worst. She would woke up every few hours in a cold sweat with shivers running down her back, and even with Steve, she woke up alone. Unlike before, she couldn't get drunk at some bar and bring home some random guy, not that she wanted to. The idea of having sex with some stranger and waking up next to someone she didn't know didn't have the same draw as before. She didn't want that anymore, and it wasn't because she was in a committed relationship.
No, the ring wasn't 'Toni Stark' style, if there was one. She would first need to see herself getting married, which she never did. It had never crossed her mind as a possibility. To her, it was a fairy tale, or in some cases, a nightmare, nothing more. Therefore, she had never thought of a ring or what she would like her ring to look like. However, she doubted she would've ever picked a fancy ring like all the Billionaires did. To her, they would just get in the way, especially if she was hand deep in something—which she always was. She was Toni Stark and all.
"Yes?" She tried sound as innocent as she could.
Chuckling, Loki looked around. "I am in a cell," he stated with a smile.
Rhodes asks.
People watching, Toni's mind drifted from the chair on his legs. Stark Industries had diversity, which both Toni and Pepper were proud of, and almost every single employee looked different, each with different stories. Sometimes, she just watched her employees and wondered who they were—what were their life stories. Sure, she played the path of a cold 'bitch', protesting her feeling until she was blue in the face, but she did care, though she didn't like to admit it. That was an invite for someone to hurt you, and that was the one thing that scared the shit out of her, which was why it took an army to get into her heart.
"Of course, Miss."
She gawked at him, not sure what to make of it. He couldn't be her stalker as there were a few times that she felt eyes on her and he was with her. "It isn't you," she stated.
The ugly nurse from before came walking to the room with a food tray. When she noticed the empty bed, she dropped the tray and food went everywhere. "Doc-"
"Because, you think you're right, and you're not."
He adores how possessive those Brooklyn Boys are with him. He loves how they like to leave their marks on him; no, they aren't over the top or unhealthy about it like some couples are, but it's just enough to remind him how much they care and want
Barton didn't turn back, focusing on another piece of melted metal. Though the pieces were no longer red hot, the pieces were still warm. "Knowing Stark, she kicked the guy's ass and is gloating somewhere with a drink in her hand."
Steve glanced toward the window before heading to the door. He wasn't going to let her to run in this weather, not at this time. He wasn't sure what she was doing or what was going through her head, but he knew it couldn't be good. He couldn't help but blame himself for being away so much. He wished he could remain close and not have to travel to DC as much. DC was cold; New York was his home, even after all of these years. He didn't feel like himself anywhere else (Well besides the battlefield), and it wasn't because Toni was here, though it helped. Helped lot.
"Not Sark," she responded. She hated that goddamn name and if someone called her that name one more time, she was going to snap.
His bitterness was short lived when Toni suddenly poked Banner with the object that she was holding. Banner's yelp of pain angered Steve and it pulled him into the room. How could she be so stupid?
That statement stroke Phillips, because she sounded broken. What had she gone through to make her like this? He wasn't sure.
Natasha glanced toward Clint. "Did you to get into another fight with her, Rogers?"
Toni's heart raced as she looked between the two, not sure what was going on. "What?"
"So I guess, they're just getting bacon," she said to herself as she plated the meat. Shaking her head, she turned to the sink and turned the water on.
"And I'm sorry that Aunt Peg hadn't rubbed off on you after all of these years. I'm sure she would be happy to learn that you took an assignment, so you can check out Steve's ass. You know Aunt Peg loved Steve. She would love that you're stalking him." There was a huge smile on Toni's face, as Sharon paused at the door. "Have a good day."
Tony isn't sure why he's letting her do this or why he feels so comfortable in her arms. He isn't sure why it feels okay to let go in front of her and let her see it all, but it's amazing how close they has gotten that they can do this. She isn't on the same lines as Pepper, but she is up there.
she thought. She couldn't believe that she had let that slip; it was stupid. She was stupid. "I did not say that."
, but there was no getting used to it. After seeing it over and over again, he was tired; plus, after everything that had happened in the last few weeks, he was ready to go
Rumlow gave him a look. "How are you going to get the Soldier in line? Just look at him."
"I'm not an asshole."
"Okay, but-"
"When's the last time you ate?"
JARVIS. He couldn't forget about JARVIS. Toni teased him regarding JARVIS, but the AI was a life savior, a sense of balance. Like Toni, Steve relied on JARVIS, though differently. For Steve, it was about the fact that he could ask for help without feeling like a stupid child. There was no judgement. He could ask him for anything and the AI answered. For a Super soldier out of time, that was everything.
Toni didn't know when she fell asleep, but she did, and she had no idea for how long. She would've probably remained asleep if it wasn't for the death grip on her hand, and it really was death grip as she wondered if she could have a hand afterward. She could tell a lot by the grip and it touched her heart as the man seemed to care. Without opening her eyes, she tried to pull her hand back, but she couldn't break his grip. Instead of letting go, he squeezed tighter.
Steve let out a big huff and took a step away from her. "I bet you knew Fury hired the pirates, didn't you?"
"She doesn't stand a chance against my Security," Howard said.
"I got a job at Nick's Tools and Garden," she answered. When she had entered the hardware shop, she didn't think she would walk out with the job, but she didn't mind. It would give her access to the tools that she could use to fix her reactor (not that she thought it was possible) and the unnamed device if she ever got it back from her father.
However, that wasn't exactly fair to say, as Steve didn't take Toni here to show off himself. He came here to show her something. He came here to snap her out of her own head, and it didn't take a genius to know what. He came here to show her Bucky, came here to show that Barnes was a hero. It wasn't that Toni didn't believe it. She did. She just blamed herself for his death. "What are you doing?"
After a few long minutes, Toni's vision had cleared and she was able to make out the room, which had a few church like features like a high circler ceiling; however, the metal arms coming out of the cold, steel ceiling destroyed the illusion. The large glass windows did give it that illusion as well, but the cold, hard lines of the windows were not inviting. There was also a cold draft in the room, which flowed from the windows that out looked the snowy Alps.
"I leave shortly. I'm just waiting for Steve to get dressed. He's walking me to the bus stop," he said with a smile. "But…" He paused as he thought for a second. He pulled her into a bear hug. Toni was utterly confused and not sure how to handle this. "I will miss your spunk."
"No," he said. "It's not. They died because of the war. Not you."
Tony has a love hate relationship with Natasha's honesty. He loves the fact that he'll never have to doubt if she's telling the truth, but he hates hearing the truth. There're times that he just wants to ignore his problems, and he can't do it when Natasha goes for the neck without hesitation, without pulling any punches. "If Barnes wants Rogers in a sexy nurse's outfit instead of me, that's his problem not mine, though I must say that I do
"Toni," he said, grabbing her arm softly and pulling her back. Before she could react, Steve pulled her into him arms for a hug. "This has been killing me, not knowing if you were alright. I had been so worried about you. I couldn't think or function. Oh God, I was worried. I didn't know what I would've done if you didn't return."
Tony glances at Steve, who looks as exhausted as he does. If he doesn't know any better, it looks like Steve hasn't been sleeping, and that doesn't sit well with Tony. He doesn't like to see Steve like this, so broken, because he isn't supposed to be like this. He isn't supposed to be broken… not like him. He's supposed to be strong, unbeatable. This breakup is
"Is that what happened to the thing in your chest?" he asked. His eyes dropped to her chest where the covered rector was located. His eyes hovered.
"He doesn't belong here," Bucky states, coldly. He glares at Sam for a second before turning back to Tony, sitting as close to the genius as he can.
However, the more he watched her, the more he wanted to learn about this feeling for this brunette. It made his curious, as he wondered why she brought out these emotions inside of him. It made him wonder why she brought anything out of him in the first place, considering he was a weapon. A weapon. He shouldn't be allowed to have any type of emotions whatsoever, but there was something building in his chest, which he couldn't help but wonder why. This was why he followed the brunette, so he could study her, learn about her.
Not willing to listen to Steve ramble on anymore, she launched herself at him and placed her lips against his. She didn't know what exactly was going through her brain- not that she would know what to say, but she kissed him with everything that she had. Maybe, that was an answer? After a few long minutes, she pulled away. "You talk too much."
Florida wasn't on the Asset's list of favorite places, granted he didn't have a list to begin with. To have a list would mean he was more than a weapon, more than property, and he was not. He was a weapon that was sent places, ordered to kill and come to back when ordered. He was nothing more or less, and if he didn't obey, he was punished, punished severely. He wasn't human. He didn't have emotions or rights, and he had accepted that—not that he had any other choice or fight in him to go against this programming. His programming was law, his DNA, and he would follow it to the T, though at the moment that wasn't the case.
She jumped at Howard's voice as she forgot for a second that he was there. "Why would I go after him?" she asked.
"Nothing to be jealous of," Steve replied, looking toward Toni. His voice was stiff.
"Who are you?" he asked. He remembered lowering himself down to her and being shocked at seeing a glow under her shirt. He wasn't sure what that was, but it peaked his interest. What could possibly be glowing under her shirt? At that moment though, he couldn't spend too much time on that as he had to save the woman. However, after making sure she was alright, his mind went back to the glow. He had mentioned the glow to the authorities, who stated he was imagining it. There was no glow. He dropped it, because they were probably right. Why would her chest be glowing? Even if it was, there was probably a reasonable explanation to it.
"I'm-"
Bruce glanced down at her, worry clearly presented in his voice. "Are you going to tell me what happened? How you got back?" he asked. "But more importantly, are you hurt?"
I was trying a think of a nickname for Barnes for Toni to give him, but I can't really think of one. The nicknames for Phillips, Peggy, Rogers, or Schmidt aren't all that special, but I can't think of one for him. Any of ideas?
It's picture clear. It all makes sense now, and Tony leaves the room without another word. He doesn't need to burden them anymore than he has already. It was a mistake to come and see them.
"Do you really think it's wise?" he asked, looking at her all knowingly.
Steve was going to let her walk by with a nod, but maybe, she knew where Toni was. Maybe, Rumlow was right, and Rollins had Toni right in this building. "Neighbor." He paused for a second as she passed by him. "Any idea where they took Toni? Rumlow said he was taking her to a SHIELD lab."
Toni, still unable to open her eyes, started to drift, even though she was interested in seeing who he was speaking to. It was a losing battle, as she felt the world disappear around her for seconds at a time.
Howard gave her a look as he crouched down to get a good look at her face. "Hey, my theories are good."
Steve didn't look up from the menu, refusing to look at her. "There's nothing to talk about."
"Is there something wrong, Agent?" Toni asked as she raised her non-broken arm. Peggy had her pistol trained on her, and that was unsettling. Peggy was one of few people she could speak to growing up. "Is this about the alarm?" She had asked with the sweetest voice she could muster.
Toni let out a hefty sigh, feeling like she was hit by a bus and it kept going . With everything that happen in the last few days, it felt like someone was repeatedly in hitting her the head and kicking her in the stomach until she couldn't breathe. Maybe, she should just go back to New York, lock herself in her lab and leave the saving to someone else. "I can't say the same. Here for your boss?" she asked, still finding the idea strange. Wrapping her mind around it felt like holding a rattle snake. "No tears I see."
She totally did not like the way he was looking at her. It looked like he wanted to eat her. Shaking her head, she turned to Zola, who looked like he was about to crap his pants. Toni could probably yell boo and he would jump; how did that man last long with Schmidt, who looked like he was ready kill at any second? That was the issue with bad guys, you never knew when (not if) they would kill you. She kind of felt sorry, just kind of since they were holding her against her will and all.
Toni let out a harsh sigh as she rolled her eyes. "I don't like it, which I'm sure Fury knows. I feel like he gets a kick out of it, calling Steve back here. He's an ass-"
"You would not be wrong, Miss," the AI replied. "Captain Rogers took it exceptionally hard as well as Miss. Potters."
"You should stop talking about yourself," she replied with a heavy breath. "That isn't very nice." As soon as he let her go, she ran; however, she had only made it a few feet before he came to his senses. He had grabbed her from the back of her neck and ram her into the brick wall. Her face smashed into the wall and she was completely helpless. She couldn't even open her eyes.
Tony knows when he had made his mistake with Barnes. It was when he told Barnes the truth… Well, the half-truth. He didn't and will not tell him the whole truth as that will get his ass kicked, and he would rather not get his prefect ass kicked, especially from a Super Soldier. His ass is one of the few things he loves.
Bruce stared at her as he knew why she said that. "Him yelling at me won't bring
Steve smiled softly, relieved to see her playfulness come out. "I got you, Doll," he replied, purposely playing up his Brooklyn accent. Usually, he hid his accent, kept it under wraps. He wasn't ashamed of it; he would never be ashamed of where or how he grew up. However, his accent seemed to fade the more and more he spent away from Brooklyn, and soon, it was work to keep the accent.
Though she hated to admit it, they were very much alike and he probably would've understood her the best if he hadn't died. He would've understood her need to be in the lab often as they shared a lot of the same characteristics. If her mother hadn't had died when Toni was so young, her father might've not retreated into the labs and might've been her best bud. He might've been that protective father that she saw on TV and was always jealous of.
Let me know what you think. I think I am getting to emotionally, but then again, Hydra is driving her crazy, so...
Howard let out a sighing chuckle. "You're stubborn." He rested his hand on her knee again and kept his eyes trained on her face. "If you wish," he said.
. She didn't even notice as it graze her skin, making her bleed; granted, it could've been the Super solder tackling her to the ground with a more force than need that distracted her. She, a woman on her last stable footing, was seeing stars, as Steve
"She's finally sees the light. Now, do everyone the favor and kill yourself."
"Probably," she replied, though she knew her father would be tossing in his grave. He didn't believe in pills, because a true Stark didn't need pills. A true Stark didn't need anything to help him or her get through the day. Though the memories were conflicting (oh the joys of time traveling), he wasn't always like this, and it wasn't until the later years that he drilled this into her.
"It wasn't a choice," Toni muttered. "Without it, I will die."
The genius knows he'll probably regret this all later, but he knows if he lets them in, it'll hurt so much more when they leave. "Good, and take that with you."
After a long glare, Steve turned back to Toni to make sure she was still sleeping. He wouldn't be happy if someone wake Toni, and they would face his anger if they did. "So you don't think we're going to work?" he asked, eyeing Toni's best friend. He held Toni closer, refusing to let her go.
Clint snorts loudly, as he stuffs a handful of popcorn in his mouth. "Doesn't stop Rogers and Barnes from moping around like someone had kicked their puppy. They keep pacing the hallway near the lab like some love sick teenagers trying to work up their nerves to talk to you. Not that they can, FRIDAY won't let them anywhere near you. She's threating to activate the Tower's security system on them." His stupid smile is growing as he eyes the engineer. "It's quite funny to watch, especially Barnes…though he may or may not have pulled a knife on me for poking fun."
The end for now.
He had a point, but they both knew that it wasn't going to be. Their informant was solid; she wasn't needed. She wasn't going to be anywhere that she wasn't needed.
As the words started to sink in, Toni started to shake in anger as she got to her feet. "Despite what everyone thinks, I am not a child, and I can make my own decisions. You are not my mother. You work for me, Pepper. Not the other way around."
Phillips was eyeing her strangely. "He said his Master?"
And poor Toni, she did not know what she agreed to.
"You can't pick your nickname!"
Toni just stared at him for a few seconds. He had that smile on again that could make her melt. "You really want one from me," she stated shocked. She couldn't understand why it was so important that she gave him a nickname.
"I knew it! I knew you were the government type," Toni said with a first pump. She was glad that she wasn't lost her touch, after all this time. "You have that vibe to you."
The journal was filled with many different designs, which was just a testament really. A testament to how much her mind was a fucked up place. Opening her journal, she skipped toward the back, looking for a blank page. Mixed in between her designs were her mind's random writing about her guilt and shame. Some of the writing took up pages while the other times she wrote on the edges of the pages that featured her suits' designs.
He knew? Was that why he was so cold to her? Howard Stark was a subject that Toni rarely approached, and she never really brought it up with him. Never. It was only ever in passing, and she would run-though she wouldn't use that word- when he brought it up. "Toni."
cut his balls off. Is that understood?" she warned. She wasn't playing.
Putting the brush down, Barnes straightened himself up and walked to her. "I know, but I can't tell him," he said as he ripped the papers out of her hands. "Just let it be." It was surprising that it didn't give her paper cuts.
Toni shrugged. "A black eye never killed anyone." She allowed Peggy to take her away, because she knew it was better than to fight with her. Even on her good day, Toni didn't stand a chance again Peggy, who could kick anyone's but.
"We won't do that to you, Tony," Barnes adds softly. "It was a mistake before, and we know it. It hurts me to remember what we have done to you. I hate myself for hurting you so badly."
"No."
Plus, how could she have comfort Steve when she was the reason why he was hurting? She felt sick to her stomach thinking about it, and she felt her stomach flop. Feeling ill, she jumped to her feet and ran toward the nearest tree. Within seconds, she puked the meal that she had eaten hours ago, and when she pulled away, she felt it come up again.
Shaking her head, Toni left the control room to give them some space, and it wasn't like either of them wanted her there. If they were saying goodbye, they would need some time to themselves and she was going to give them that. Not knowing where to go, Toni just stood outside of the control room and stared at Phillips who standing across from her. He was giving her a look. "Hey, Salty," she said weakly.
long."
"Toni," Barnes called. "Tell us what happened, so I can beat the asshole, who did this to you."
Don't kill me.
Howard didn't move as she got to her feet and stepped away. He watched her as she stood there holding herself. He allowed the silence for a few minutes, studying her body language. "Toni," he called again. She was standing half way across the lab, playing with a wrench. "Talk to me. I know both Rogers and Barnes' deaths are hitting you hard, and it is okay to allow people in. You… you don't have to go through this alone."
