"Come here, John." Sherlock gestures to the empty space he has made on the sofa. John is too lost in his bitterness to realise why Sherlock wants him to sit by him.
“No. I don’t believe she did. The shot was designed to kill me, but slowly, ensuring a painful and lingering death.”
Sherlock simply huffs and directs one of his 'you idiot,' glares at John. "I've emailed Molly and she's agreed to test your blood and semen if we can be there within the next two hours."
"Bloody Mycroft." Sherlock corrects from his duvet nest.
“Do you at least remember where you are supposed to meet her?”
“Ready, John?” Sherlock queries, his voice unsteady. With a shaky hand Sherlock puts on a large tricorn hat, the long ostrich feather sweeping downwards to brush the collar of his frock coat.
Thanks go once again to Lockedinjohnlock for her awesome beta skills and support, especially at a time when I know she is so busy herself. Huge thanks also go to Iwassoalone for telling me I could do it when I kept complaining about how hard I was finding this chapter!
need you, John."
Mycroft is on the phone when Sherlock trundles in, he barely catches the word ‘Sherrinford” before Mycroft ends the call with a curt ‘see to it’.
“You have no idea.”  Sherlock answers earnestly, pressing another light kiss to John’s lips. “I’ve been wanting to do that for years.”  His voice sounds rough, almost desperate and John’s eyes widen at the depth of emotion that rages through it.
After a few minutes, John reaches out for her and draws her into the dance, swapping her between himself and Sherlock.  For a moment she feels years younger, her hip no longer aching and her body moving gracefully to the music.  She is laughing and clapping her hands when the song comes to an end, the final notes poignant but promising of more.
With an effort, Sherlock moves his hands to John's shirt buttons; usually nimble fingers now fumble over the small plastic discs and he huffs in frustration. The action blows a draught of moist air over John's neck and his grip on Sherlock tightens. Sherlock forces his fingers to co-operate, finally managing to completely undo John's shirt. He pushes it down John's arms, where it bunches at his bent elbows.
Sherlock does as he is ordered, thoroughly wetting John's hand, flicking his agile tongue between John's fingers, drawing out eager moans. John thrusts the hand between them, first sliding his hand over himself and then wrapping his fingers around Sherlock. His thumb sweeps over the head of Sherlock's cock, spreading the pre-ejaculate. Sherlock's grip slips on John's arse and he lifts and shoves John more firmly against the wall, biting his lip at the effort, legs trembling under their combined weight. John pumps his fist over Sherlock's cock a few times, slicking his length with the combination of saliva and Sherlock's own emissions. Sherlock shakes under John's touch, each stroke driving him closer to climax. He meets each downward stroke with a thrust of his hips, head tilting back. His fingers are digging deep into the cheeks of John's backside and are likely to leave bruises but Sherlock can't loosen his grip. John alters his hold and Sherlock cries out, sensation flooding through him at the touch of John's cock against his, John's small, yet perfectly formed hand pressing them together.
“No more hiding.”  Sherlock agrees.  “Tell the press what they need to hear, Lestrade, but keep John’s involvement minimal.  Don't turn him into a victim or a hero; make him human.”  His eyes never leave John’s face, his hand on John’s forearm.
The sleek, black car pulls up in front of 221B Baker Street and John releases the breath he had been holding. All through their journey home, he had been running scenarios through his mind of what could go wrong: Sherlock relapsing in the middle of nowhere; the car not being one of Mycroft's and taking them to some dirty wasteland to meet their fate at the end of gun; a random sniper shot through the window of the car taking out Sherlock even as John held him in his arms, their lips together, oblivious to the danger; being run off a country road, Sherlock dragged away and John useless to find him. Even the soft kisses Sherlock had given during their journey was not enough to keep John from worrying. The sight of their black door being quickly opened by the ever-reliable Mrs Hudson eases the grip around John's heart and he allows himself to relax incrementally.
Sherlock shifts slightly, raising himself up so that John can reach his penis more easily.
Sherlock knows what is being asked but wants to delay the inevitable a moment longer, John simply holds his gaze and waits for Sherlock to answer.
That said
"Jesus, I've got a case of verbal diahorrea!" John laughs towards the ceiling.
"John? Why are you embarrassed? I know you and Mary usually have a perfectly adequate sex life.  I'm suspecting it's the stress of the wedding that has altered the length and frequency of your sexual encounters with Mary now. After all you have a basic sense of rhythm and a huge amount of stamina. This is not a reflection of your sexual prowess, just your dancing skills. The fact that it will improve your skills in the bedroom, or wherever you have sex, is merely a side effect!" Sherlock continued to study his friend's face, confused by the racing expressions there.  Embarrassment, confusion, anger and, was that guilt?
Huge thanks to 221btls for being a gentle Beta for this chapter and for patiently educating me on the proper use of commas.
John is just leaning back in his chair, enjoying his coffee, when Sherlock starts to speak, well, mutter really, John concedes.
Albeit early.”
Bill nods his farewell at both men and makes his exit as silently as he came.
Sherlock protests as he struggles to sit up more, breath quickening when John leans in and uses his uninjured arm to help Sherlock get more comfortable; the move instinctive and relaxed.
A sigh of relief escapes John's lips as Sherlock takes him back into his mouth.  Hot wetness surrounds him and John allows his head to fall back against the door.  His eyes slide shut and he surrenders himself to the sensation, the gentle twirl of Sherlock's tongue, the loving caress of soft lips.  The slick glide and suck as Sherlock takes him deeper before slowly pulling back, tension and pleasure causing John to tremble and quake.  Sherlock, ever the observant one, wraps one arm around John's thighs, bracing him against the tremors.  With his free hand Sherlock gently caresses John's testicles, massaging them, as his tongue works the length of John's shaft.
"This? This is what the beginning of forever feels like Sherlock."  John knows he sounds like a romantic fool; for once he isn't embarrassed or ashamed.  He pushes up on his toes, closing the height difference between them, pressing his lips against the plush lips before him, glorying in the way they feel as they meld against his, the kiss slow and loving.
“Everything alright, dear?” Sherlock gives a brief nod before looking back at the bed.  John is lying right where he left him, of course, but the colour is starting to return his skin and the sight of it removes some of the heavy weight Sherlock has been carrying.
Long fingers massage at the nape of his neck, soothing some of the tension away, while warm kisses brush against his hairline. "You won't, John. I trust you; now you need to trust me. We are in this together. I'll take care of you, of us. Whilst it is true that I am technically, physically, a virgin...." A deep groan breaks free of Sherlock's mouth as John nips along his jawline. "I am far from being one intellectually. I have had years, John,
Gethin pauses, allowing John to go over the information in his mind.
"No John. You are my work now.  Do you understand?" John couldn't help but feel he was missing something vital but for the life of him he had no clue what. Instead he gave a slow nod, keeping his eyes fixed on Sherlock. Suddenly Sherlock seemed to snap out of the seriousness, jumping gracefully back and bringing his hands together as he spun away from John laughing.
“That sounds … acceptable.” Sherlock sends John a deliberately flirtatious look in keeping with their role as loving boyfriends and is intrigued by John’s reaction - a slow lick to his lower lip and slightly dilated pupils.  “After all, isn’t that what boyfriends do? Feed you up?”
"I ...." Sherlock hesitates before linking his arms loosely around John's waist. "I don't want to shower alone. Would you, perhaps, care to share with me?"
It is natural that a child would creep in to your dreams.”
"And what's in the package?" John carefully unwraps it, intrigued. "Hair?"
“Are you sure, John?”
"Nope. How did Mycroft get into here." John's attention was now fully on Sherlock, his body moving completely in time to the music.
John finally breaks eye contact with Sherlock, taking in the way that Sherlock holds his hand protectively over his chest, and the little colour John has drains from his face.
When Sherlock eventually emerges from the en-suite he is impeccably dressed in one of his suits, a new shirt adorning his slim frame, a mid blue that John can't help but notice accentuates the colour of his eyes.
“It took me a while to adjust to the idea when you announced it at the wedding, low level panic, you know, but you assured me that I could do it and I was starting to look forward to being a dad.”
“Hold on Myc, an ambulance is on its way, it won’t be long.” Sherlock feels almost guilty intruding on Lestrade’s distress.
Mycroft will have wiped all the security cameras in your building and disposed of the bullets.”
The amazing, helpful, supportive and kind Lockedinjohnlock has taken on the tough task of helping me to knock this into shape in the hope of turning into a podfic. I can't praise her dedication and kindness enough! She is helping to improve my writing and my confidence in it. I am hugely flattered that she has offered to look this over and (fingers crossed) podfic this!
John huffs out a small laugh at the typically Sherlockian sentiment tacked onto the most beautiful words John has ever heard. If his laugh sounds a bit forced and wet, neither man mentions it. Sherlock is tugged down into a forceful kiss.  He goes willingly and returns every bit of passion John imparts with his kiss equally, pulling him closer with the arm wrapped around John's waist. John eventually pulls away, panting and leans his head against their joined hands that now rest over Sherlock's pounding heart. His other hand is flexing over Sherlock's hip, tensing and releasing in counterpoint to their heartbeats. Finally, John slides his hand up Sherlock's long torso and lets it rest on Sherlock's nape. John tilts Sherlock's head down so that they are once again eye to eye.
The term uncle has never seemed quite right, they’d both had shit uncles - not that Sherlock ever really mentions his extended family.
“He has beautiful hands.”
The arrival of their waiter prevents John from saying anything and he is secretly pleased at the interruption. Sherlock knows he can be a romantic, he teased him about it once after all; even gifting John with a small wink as he said it, but John is unsure how Sherlock would feel about being on the receiving end of such sentiment. Secretly, John believes that Sherlock is more of a romantic than he could ever be; the speech he gave about John at .... a past event ..... had almost moved John to tears, as had the gift of his music. John rouses himself from his musings to try and catch what Sherlock is discussing with their waiter. Once again though, the conversation is in perfect Austrian, so instead, he just enjoys listening to the cadence of Sherlock's speech and finishes his Melange.
“She is.”  Sherlock agrees without hesitation.  “She is also a very intelligent, very energetic, two year old.  She is always busy learning new things; she doesn’t walk if she can run, she doesn’t say one word if she can say twelve.  She very rarely naps during the daytime.  She is able to do all this because she has a great parent - you.”  Sherlock lifts his hand, hesitates, then strokes John’s upper arm, his fingers briefly lingering over John’s bicep. “It’s no wonder you’re tired from time to time.’
“What the f…” Standing suddenly, Lestrade starts to pace angrily around the room, running his hand through his hair, muttering to himself. Halting by his chair he takes a few deep, cleansing breaths before sitting back down and scrubbing his hands down his face.  “Mary. John’s Mary, shot you?”  Sherlock responds with a short nod.
“I still don’t understand.”
Sherlock blinks, his gaze meeting midnight blue eyes, concern and care apparent.
"Damn right." John smiles broadly before guiding Sherlock's face down for a deep kiss.  Moaning at the lingering taste of himself in Sherlock's mouth, John pulls Sherlock closer, his fingers once again finding their way into the soft hair.  Sherlock rocks against John, his erection hard against John's thigh, longing apparent in Sherlock's kisses.  Moving his hands to Sherlock's shoulders, John quickly flips them, startling a gasp from Sherlock.  Pressing himself against the length of Sherlock, John savours the heat that bleeds through Sherlock's expensive clothing onto his bare skin. "Your turn.  But let's take this somewhere more comfortable.  Your bed, yeah?"
“I can’t remember the last time I saw you wearing jeans.”  John continues, obviously not prepared to let the issue go any time soon.
He vows that he will be as honest as he can be with Sherlock, despite his current discomfort.
“There’s nothing wrong with taking the time to get to know someone, Sherlock.  To trust them.”  John responds earnestly, unconsciously reaching for Sherlock’s hand; threading their fingers together.
"You forgave me and now you need to forgive yourself."
Sherlock’s brow creases in concern, his lips parting in readiness for speech.
"Do you understand Sherlock?  Do you have any idea what you mean to me?"  John's voice is desperate now, desire blending with the urgent need for Sherlock to comprehend. That this is more than desire, this is more than friendship, more than sex.  This is forever.
“Git.”  The word is sleep heavy but affectionate.
Slowly John recovered his senses, unable to believe his luck that sprawled out on the floor next to him was a decidedly naked Sherlock. He had half convinced himself that he was still asleep and having some extraordinarily vivid erotic dream. But no. The evidence was in front of him. All six foot of it! John was most definitely awake! And feeling fucking amazing!
Gathering his courage around him, John reaches for Sherlock’s hand, slow enough that Sherlock can refuse if he wishes, and links their fingers together.
Their humour always has tended to be on the darker side.
John reiterates.
Sherlock observes John's features as he makes his decision, sighing when the decision is made.  He licks his lips and allows his eyes to close, imagining that he can still taste John on his skin, feel the hot, silkiness of John's penis against his sensitive lips.
"No need, John. By lunchtime tomorrow, I believe we will be having a visitor; until then we will keep the hair gems close by."
“I am his wife..”
If Time Is All I Have - James Blunt
The stranger steps in quickly and places a small, dirty hand on Mrs Hudson’s arm, the grip is light but it stops Mrs Hudson in her tracks.
John halts any further words by thoroughly kissing Sherlock. Part of John wishes this was a technique he could use to effectively silence Sherlock when he is being the obnoxious twat that he can so often be, but acknowledges that kissing someone until they submit is not a mature, or healthy, coping mechanism.  Instead, John enjoys the feel of a very naked Sherlock beneath him and deepens the kiss further; it is just edging towards something more when there is a knock at their room door.  John breaks their kiss with a groan and a muttered ‘timing’, rolling off Sherlock and taking a few deep breaths.
Sherlock finally looks up and meets John's gaze, barely believing what he has heard but the truth of it is clear in every line of John's body, in the steady way he meets Sherlock's eyes. A look passes between them, long and loaded with intent. The words of confirmation that Sherlock wants to say, but can't, written clearly on his skin. John licks his lips, swallowing hard and his fingers tighten on the blanket in his grasp. His eyes, already dark in the dim firelight, darken more and his pulse throbs visibly in his neck.
“You are pale and drawn, you wince with the smallest movement and your hands shake.
Lestrade slips off the bed and tidies the table away before helping Sherlock with his covers and IV line. Sherlock feels like he probably should be protesting but he appreciates the well-meaning help of the older man.  It is reminiscent of his childhood when Mycroft would tuck him in at bedtime and then they would read Treasure Island together.  Mycroft quietly leaves the room to retrieve the spare visitor’s chair from John’s room and to collect his laptop that Anthea left at the nurses’ station.  The sounds of the hospital gradually begin to fade to a dull murmur as Sherlock allows his eyelids to droop.
"Hmmm. What were you doing? Working on a case?" John tried to keep his voice non judgemental, but it hurt that Sherlock might be working on something without him, especially after stating he was not taking any cases until after the ..... No, John refused to even think about that particular event.
John picks at the blanket over his legs, sucks in his lower lip briefly and keeps his focus on his hands. His apprehensiveness over the expected answer evident.
“God, yes..” John eventually gasps out, his mind in overload at the mental images that Sherlock’s words provide, the posh boy with a mouth of sin.
John shivers as the air nips at his exposed shoulders and knees, sinking lower into the water only to realise that it is now barely above body temperature and giving no real warmth.
jolting when he feels the hesitant first touch of Sherlock’s tongue against him.
“Your clothes are going to get all damp, Sherlock!” John calls after him.  Sherlock’s only response is to firmly close the bathroom door.
With quick steps John covers the remaining space between them, dispensing with his towel on the way.
(See the end of the chapter for
He remembers meeting the vivacious nurse on her first day on the job at the clinic, she had instantly charmed him with her wit and intelligence and he had agreed to a date with her before her first day was over.
"Right you, up!" John pulls the duvet off Sherlock, ignoring the whines and complaints. "I am
"You all right?" John's frown matches Sherlock's.
“Shift off, you lanky git, and I’ll grab us a flannel.”
John felt Sherlock's arm tense against his stomach before relaxing as Sherlock exhaled, his breath tickling the back of John's neck.
Posting a day early as I have a busy day on the agenda tomorrow.
Intelligent brown eyes take in John’s posture and the lines on his face, looking for signs of unexpected pain levels.
It's her apparent lack of remorse and her single-mindedness when trying to frame her father for the crimes that she carried out in her youth that eats at John. He closes his eyes and tries to put himself in her position. He can understand that she was trying to protect Michael from their abusive father but it doesn't make her actions any more palatable. John knows he would move heaven and earth to protect those that held his heart. He had done, shooting a cabbie without hesitation long before he realised his heart resided within Sherlock; but Jeff Hope had been a direct threat to Sherlock, there had been no time to find an alternative solution. John had acted from the gut and in doing so had rid the world of a benign looking serial killer. Mary's actions had been directed at those guilty of no wrong doings, their only 'error' that of being in some way, however tenuously, linked to her father.
"Tasting you." Sherlock is again on his knees, a soft kiss gifted to John's navel.  The image of Sherlock on his knees is reminiscent of too many of John's fantasies. He closes his eyes, not wanting to mix fantasy with reality, this is real and he wants the memories to be perfect.
“As you wish, Doctor Watson.”  Mycroft acquiesces.  “Ms Morstan currently reposes in the morgue of St. Bart’s Hospital, Molly Hooper is in charge of her remains.” He pauses, allowing John time to acknowledge the details.  “I’m sorry to ask this of you, John, but as next of kin it is your decision as to what happens with her remains.”
"It's lucky I'm not going anywhere then isn't it?" Sherlock knew he must look positively idiotic at John's unexpected words, could feel the deep frown and parted lips but seemed to have no control over his own facial expressions.  The smirk on John's face grew into a full smile upon seeing Sherlock's confusion. It seemed John was enjoying seeing this new confused Sherlock very much.
Sherlock opens his mouth, ready to protest but John cuts him off before any words are formed.
Slowly, Sherlock pushes himself slightly up on his arms so that he can gaze back down at John.
“You’re awake,”
Toast is followed by a cooked breakfast, albeit a small one for Sherlock, an indulgence they rarely get to enjoy.  John takes his time eating his food, savouring the novelty of not rushing after a toddler or a lanky detective.
“That’s enough now, Sherlock.  Let the man do his job.”  The words are softly spoken but carry an undertone of steel in a voice that causes Sherlock to bristle even more.  He whirls around to confront the man standing in the doorway, cursing when the tubing of his IV once again snags and pulls.  Mycroft Holmes stands straight and tall, his suit immaculate, his ubiquitous umbrella held loosely in his hand; his attention is apparently solely on Sherlock but small tells, such as the tightening of his brow and a slight dip on the left side of his mouth, indicate that he is well-aware of where Mary still leans beside the door, smirking.
.  Taking a few calming breaths, Sherlock allows himself a few more moments to dwell on his imaginings before shaking them off as the unobtainable dream they are.  He risks a quick glance at the mirror, noting that he looks pale and a little shaken but no more than can be easily written off as pain-related.
"I .....I can feel your breath against me, warm breath against my skin. You've moved closer, now only centimetres away and you're directing each breath over my cock, my balls. It feels amazing." John's cock twitches in his hand, a single drop of pre-come blooms at its head and John can feel Sherlock tense up beneath him.
(Yes sir. My mother named me after my father. A summer romance I believe.)
"Erm. Mary helped to put me straight on a few matters."  John laughed self consciously at his choice of words, leaving Sherlock feeling more confused than ever.
His mouth drops open in shock; the fact that he loves John is not news to him but the fact that he wants to be part of a family, to play the role of a father,
“And how about you?”  She queries, gratefully accepting the chair that Sherlock offers her.  “Are you allowing yourself time to heal?”
Mycroft gives a brief nod in acknowledgment of Sherlock's words before shuffling through the papers contained in the file, a subtle indicator that he considers all that needs to be said, said.
The words are harsh but John’s voice remains low - a clear indicator of John at his most dangerous.
Leaning across their make-shift picnic, he gently wiped the spot away with his fingertip, stilling like the proverbial deer caught in the headlights when he realised the intimacy of his action. His breathing was uneven and his heart was pounding out a military march.  All his senses were suddenly on overdrive.  He could smell John's unique scent even over the cloying sweet spiciness of the Chinese, hear John's breath coming in short pants, feel the breath on his skin.  He could see patches of heightened colour on John's cheeks, a darkening of his eyes. ... And he could feel, oh God, he could feel John's lip, soft but firm beneath his finger.  Slowly, so slowly, he brushed his finger further along John's lip, savouring the stolen intimacy. He watched, transfixed as John caressed the tip of his finger with his tongue, gently at first, before swirling his tongue around the very end.
A relationship with a woman?
If I ever get the nerve to say "Hello" in this cafe
“I’m going to head home now, Sherlock.  Mrs. Turner does tend to worry if I’ve not popped in for a tipple and I promised her I’d get the bus home before it got too late.  I’ll pop in and tell her about John, she’s been asking after him.”  She brushes a delicate kiss on John’s forehead. “John, love?  I’m off now but I’ll be back tomorrow.  Mrs. Turner sends her love and the boys at Speedy’s wish you a ‘Speedy’ recovery.”
John blurts, still struggling to place where he is and why he is there.
"You are going to take the position of the dominant one John." Sherlock felt a rush of colour to his cheeks at the implication of his words, relieved only when he heard John's small chuckle. "The dominant one in the dance, John. Puerile." He couldn't resist giving John a soft smile before once again taking on the tone he adopted when explaining his findings. "I will dance the role of the follower."
"John, I have no personal experience in this area; I never needed or wanted it, but now find I both need and want you. I want to explore all types of relationships with you." Sherlock looks directly into John's eyes. "And if I had the damn strength I'd be starting now." Sherlock watches as John's jaw drops slightly in shock, eyes widening with the first indications of desire.
. It's closest to a Cappuccino, without the cocoa or cream. Try it, you'll like it. Rich and sensuous on your tongue." Sherlock's voice is hypnotising, the circle his forefinger is drawing over John's pulse point, extremely distracting. "As you quite rightly observed, the food is Apple Strudel. The sweetness of the powdered sugar with the tartness of the apple is delicious. Try to get a bit that has sugar, pastry and apple all in one bite; it will make your mouth water." John's heart is pounding in his chest and he knows that Sherlock can feel the way his pulse is racing. He is impressed by how calm Sherlock is sounding, but is not deceived into thinking that Sherlock is unaffected. He can see the blush still staining Sherlock's cheeks, the throb of his pulse in his long neck, the huffs of heavier breathing.
Mary huffs in annoyance but turns her attention back to John.  She studies him with cold eyes before pressing an impersonal kiss to his hair. It’s an action that is entirely designed to piss Sherlock off, a payback for dragging her into the room, the quick hiss of anger from Sherlock confirming that her action has done precisely that.  Smirking, she turns away and walks towards the door.
"Yes, 'oh'. Now, stop thinking so loudly, some of us have some healing to do." The words lose their edge because of the slurring imminent sleep brings on but they still bring a smile to John's lips. A Sherlock in love is still very much his Sherlock, all quick words and sharp edges but now there is also the added benefit of sentiment, affection and cuddles. As John's eyes slide closed, he realises the only real difference now is the cuddles.  The sentiment and affection have always been there.
“And yet he never meant anything more to
Finally, they leave the hospital, Sherlock clutching his cactus whilst carefully avoiding the spikes.  He is still unsure why John has chosen this as an appropriate present for him but he loves it, loves the way the delicate flowers blossom amongst the spikes, beauty within danger. He loves the short, sturdy shape of the plant itself and the way that the prickly surface protects a soft core - so very much like John.
"Not a new case, our current one. Mary."  Sherlock meets John's gaze, watching as John gives a slow nod in acknowledgement before he continues. "The timing of Mary's involvement in your life has long bothered Mycroft.  Lestrade let it slip that Anderson had been 'raving' about crimes being solved across the globe, accrediting them to me and at one point, announcing very publicly whilst in a bar, that I wasn't dead."
"What?" John forces himself to pay attention, to understand what Sherlock is asking. The instant he does, he pulls Sherlock into a deep kiss. He tries to put all of his want into it, all of his love. The kiss lengthens and deepens, tongues glide and tangle and lips slide. The sensation is sublime, the pace less frantic. Finally, John breaks the kiss.
John mutters, his lips almost crushed against Sherlock’s damp shoulder.
"I know. Don't you see?  That's why I had to go."  Sherlock's calm voice belied the tremors he was feeling. John was home, his hand was held safely within Sherlock's and finally, finally they were actually starting to talk. Albeit the words and actions could be swept aside, explained away as alcohol-induced or the relief of being home and safe, but Sherlock really hoped that this would be the start of a new stage of their relationship. He could feel the heat of John's hand, it's warmth suffusing his body as if in a caress. He wanted to let John's hand remain on his leg, to entwine his fingers further with John's, to rub his thumb over John's knuckles, to read his skin with his fingertips; to let the moment between them grow and lead them where it may.  But his mind, his bloody noble mind, wouldn't let him have this small moment of happiness.  Sighing deeply, Sherlock removed his hand and leaned back in his chair.
The swift sensation of John's mouth moving over his cock silencing him, his hands clenched in John's hair, more firmly but on the right side of pain, arching his hips, silently begging for more.
"It's only transport, John.  Lie back down, your proximity was soothing."
to see.  Worried that any encounter could be the one that takes John away from Baker Street.  Away from him.  Permanently.
"M..m..mouth."  Warm breath stutters against John's forehead moments before Sherlock pushes down on John's shoulders.
I chose not to tell you everything I read from her.
“We have found that in cases similar to Doctor Watson’s it is less traumatic for the patient if they wake and spend the first few minutes in the presence of a loved one.” She moves to manually double-check John’s pulse against the computer read out.
For a moment Sherlock hesitates before wrapping his arms loosely around John, resting the palm of one hand at the small of John’s back, the other drifting up to rest lightly between John’s shoulder blades. They sway to the music for a while, just enjoying each other’s company, the gap between them gradually decreasing until barely any space exists.
Confused, Sherlock raises his free hand to his hair, the only waves that he can think of. Granted his hair is now getting a bit lank from its lack of washing, but the persistent waves are still there. He furrows his brow, well aware of how baffled he looks, startling at the strange noise that erupts from John before realising it is the sound of a sudden, rough laugh. The sound unexpected in the bleak hospital room.
John realised that whilst he had been talking he had been gently running his fingers through Sherlock's hair, allowing the damp curls to twine and twist around his fingers.  He stilled his hand, smiling when he felt Sherlock automatically nudge his head against John's hand, unconsciously seeking comfort in his touch. He ran his fingers through Sherlock's hair once more, savouring the moment as he began speaking again.  This time his words were little more than a whisper, a confidence given in the dead of night.
“It’s my name. Gregory, or in the shortened form, Greg.  For a supposedly brilliant man you do have a remarkably hard time remembering names.”
As ever the name feels more like an insult but Bill has learned to roll with the punches, sometimes literally, when it comes to his dealings with Mr Holmes.
I put some sleeping drugs in the mince pies, I knew he wouldn't refuse a little post-sex snack.
"I am." Sherlock doesn't bother to ask how Mary knows he's been to Bart's, refusing to join in with her mind games.
John's eyes glittered with sudden mirth and he couldn't stop the affection he felt colouring his voice. "You really are an idiot Sherlock." John raised a hand to stop the inevitable protest from Sherlock. "Yes, you are. Mary and I are not getting married, now or ever. She is a dear friend, but she is not my girlfriend, or my fiancée and she will never be my wife." John paused, his voice now serious, deeper to even his own ears, gaze intent on Sherlock. "Do you understand Sherlock? I'm not getting married.  I'm going to be here, with you."
Author's Note. 19/07/2015
“The room is already set up? Ah, what am I saying?
Anderson ignores the comment and continues. "She appeared intelligent enough but only spoke when she felt something really needed to be said.  Mostly she just listened and, I suppose, people watched."
Now please
That sort of care means everything to an addict who is not yet ready to be clean.”
Sherlock’s hands drop to his trouser fastenings and he hesitates briefly before stepping back over to the side of the bed, reaching out for John.  Confused, John lets Sherlock take his hand, breath hitching when Sherlock presses John’s palm against the front of his trousers.  A sound escapes John at the first feel of Sherlock in his hand, he doesn’t know if it’s a whine or a moan, only that it is a sound of distinct approval.
Sherlock’s posture is stiff and wary but he gradually relaxes into John’s hold.
Sherlock chuckles. his breath falling in soft breaths on John’s skin.
Sherlock remains staring into John’s eyes before nodding.
Sherlock felt the need flame into his stomach and took a sudden step back from John.  Tearing his eyes away from John he fixed his focus on the fireplace.  He needed to distance himself from him, needed to clear the fog of desire away so he could think clearly.  Act rationally, not do anything to damage his friendship with John. John. His John. Sherlock slowly ran his hands over his face before running them through his hair, the everyday motions helping to ground him.
John did not know what horrors held Sherlock locked in their embrace but he hoped to God that they weren't caused by actual memories.  Clamping down firmly on his own fear, John knelt beside Sherlock's thrashing body.  He knew from his experiences of nightmares/PTSD episodes, call it what you will, that to be suddenly woken would cause extreme distress to the sufferer and put the other person at risk of injury.  He had no fear for his own safety, knowing he could keep himself  protected, but he did not want to add to Sherlock's obvious distress.  John knew that in the past, Sherlock's violin playing had often pulled him out of the clinging grip of his own personal terrors and soothed him into a more peaceful sleep. John's own musical skills were laughably inadequate for the task, so instead he started to talk, keeping his voice calm and even.
Mycroft presses a kiss to the back of Lestrade’s hand before clearing his throat and sitting upright in his chair, wincing when the movement aggravates his injury.
John nips at Sherlock’s lips before deepening the kiss.
“Good.  Yeah, really good.”  John answers, keen to make Sherlock appreciate just how much he likes Louisa.
The smooth material moulds gently over Sherlock’s thighs, defining the strength of them but John’s focus is firmly captured by the way the material defines Sherlock’s groin.
That’s not your usual Modus Operandi.”
“I have always believed you to be dangerous, Mary. I tried to ignore the evidence in front of me, to convince myself that I’d read you wrong, it does happen, more than I’d like to admit.  I wanted to believe that you would be good for John, that you offered him that mix of danger and security he craved, that you truly loved him.” Sherlock manages to work some spittle into his mouth, allowing his words to come out more smoothly, a hint of bitterness tainting them.
Sherlock wonders for how long he will be allowed this small intimacy once John starts to fully recover.
“God, John.”  Before John has even had time to draw breath to reply he is flat on his back and being kissed to within an inch of his life.  It takes him less than a second to respond, and enthusiastically at that.  He wraps his arms around Sherlock, pulling him flush against him, groaning as Sherlock’s full weight bears down on him, the feeling incomparable.  Sherlock squirms against him, the kiss becoming desperate as arousal floods through them both, the physical proof of which John can feel in the desperateness of their kiss and the growing hardness being pressed against his own. He loses himself in the kiss and sensation, clutching Sherlock to him, fingers scrabbling against Sherlock’s back, the thin fabric of his shirt no barrier to the warmth of his skin.  Sherlock emits a high sound, something akin to a whine to John’s ears and it is this noise that brings him back to being aware of their surroundings and he reluctantly pulls out of the kiss.
Special thanks to all the normal people, you know who you are now! Multiple kiks and emails with you ladies really helped! ❤️
“When I was in recovery, did you hold my hand?”
It is only once John is settled, Gethin starting to change the sodden dressing on his arm, that Sherlock truly registers what he has seen.
John stands, only slightly unsteady on his feet, and moves to put himself between Sherlock and the unknown threat.
“Talk? You want to talk now?”
I never mentioned it to you directly but the story was everywhere, I thought you’d seen it.
“Because he has been through a lot, all of my causing, and even
“Brother?”  Gethin inquires.  Sherlock nods.  “Thought so.”
The delicate hairs on his arms are raised, his heart pounding and his breathing
John smiles, its tightness testament to the anger simmering away.
"Shall I tell you what I'm going to do to you, Sherlock?" His words are whispered directly onto Sherlock's quivering lips and he feels rather than sees Sherlock's almost imperceptible nod.  Sherlock's grip tightens and John is in awe of his self control.  With a wicked smile John relishes the thought of how thoroughly he is going to wreck Sherlock.
Sherlock shakes his head in an attempt to focus, to dislodge his near-compulsive need to monitor Mary.
Luckily Brian was very understanding and never questioned my choice.”
Sherlock muses as he allows himself to be guided in to the waiting wheelchair.
Mycroft clears his throat before changing the subject, eyes flicking between John and Sherlock, taking in their joined hands and the way they unconsciously lean in to one another.
“I could, but I won’t.”
“I thought my own selfishness was making me read her as a liar, more than the average person telegraphs.
Raising himself from the chair, John walked over to the window, allowing his hand to trail the soft leather of Sherlock's chair as he passed.  Looking out onto Baker Street he took pleasure in savouring the autumn evening.  It was unusually quiet outside, the blustery wind and threat of rain driving everyone indoors early.  He leaned one arm against the window pane and watched as the leaves chased each other down the street.  A riot of red, gold and amber tumbling down the dusk-kissed street - the perfect evening for a wood fire, a good book and warm drink.  Resting a moment longer against the window, John reflected that the only thing needed to make this evening perfect would be Sherlock.  Sitting in his chair deducing the world; standing playing his violin, the light from the window emphasising his sensuous grace; staring transfixed at his crime wall.  Hell, John would be happy even if Sherlock were throwing an enormous tantrum, his ennui finally driving him to distraction, throwing himself onto the sofa for a sulk, so long as he could have him home.
“Nah Missus, don’t disturb the good doctor’s sleep.  I’ve ‘ad worse, sure I will again. If you don't mind I’ll ‘ave a little wash and brush up ‘ere an’ then I’ll be back on me way.  I were shook up more than anything, I’m feeling better already.”  They give a quick grin that reveals a line of dirty yet straight teeth.
"Why don't you go and take care of it?" Sherlock gestures to their small private bathroom.
John places the bloodied, crumpled report on his chair and walks into the bathroom, rinsing his hands and inspecting the damage the staples have caused. The skin is ragged and the marks deep but he doesn't need to do anything to them other than give them time to repair. The flash of light reflecting on bright metal in the mirror directs his gaze to his hand. His wedding ring is still new enough that it shines in the harsh fluorescent lights and with delight, John takes it off. Instantly he feels lighter, as though a dark shadow has been removed from him. He hasn't worn the ring long enough for it to make any indentation on his finger but there is a faint tan line denoting where it had sat. John rubs at the white flesh trying to bring some colour to the pale skin. He knows that the flush is only temporary but it makes him feel better to see the band mark fade a little. Leaving the ring on the shelf, John moves to the kitchen to see what he can make for dinner - although the term supper is probably more appropriate given the late hour.
"Unfortunately, this would-be consulting criminal was the illegitimate son of a very senior, very public, personage in the Vatican City." Sherlock deliberately left the description vague but could see the moment that John realised he was obliquely referring to a member of the Holy See.  Those moments of intuition were part of the enigma that was John Watson.  He was obviously a very intelligent man, but for some reason he played it down, pretended to be the Everyman when he was anything but. Sherlock loved it, loved that enigma, loved John Watson.  He knew he was a lucky man to have been allowed to see some of the truth of John Watson, the brains, the compassion and the raw power of a unique man.
Interrupting the kiss, John guides Sherlock over to the shower cubicle. Opening the door sends clouds of steam towards them, making the scene slightly surreal. John steps into the shower before gently pulling Sherlock in after him. He's seen Sherlock soaked through before, hair hanging in loose curls over his forehead, but he looks even more ethereal surrounded by clouds of steam and his skin flushed pink. John watches as the water runs in fine rivulets down Sherlock's high cheek bones and along his jaw before converging at the dip of his neck, thicker streams of water run over Sherlock's torso, parting their way around his nipples before meeting once again on his abdomen. John watches mesmerised as the water streams through Sherlock's pubic hair before running down long, strong legs.
John grins and strokes Sherlock's cheek gently. "We will definitely have to do that again
“But he still got to be inside of you, he had his fingers in you, he made you climax that way.” There’s a definite edge to Sherlock’s tone, a subtle hint of jealousy.
“We could steal the air ambulance.”
"Stop thinking so loudly." Sherlock's voice was still edged with sleep but the laughter in his voice was obvious.
The interior is simple but cosy. A quick walk round reveals a small living room and kitchen on the lower floor and a double bedroom and well-appointed bathroom on the upper floor. John unpacks their bags and stores their clothes before taking a deep breath and putting the lube and condoms beneath one of the pillows. He places the massage oil on one of the bedside tables, running his hand along the soft bed-covers before he returns to the kitchen with the map and torches.
All he can do in response is breathe in the scent of John’s hair, occasionally pressing a sloppy kiss to his forehead.
"Oh boys, that was beautiful!" She lowers herself to the sofa again, smoothing her skirt over her legs. "But what was it for?"
"This member had apparently chosen the celibate life, was a very vocal advocate in fact.  But he had a wandering eye - and a wandering body to match, it would appear."  A small smile flitted across Sherlock's face when he saw John grin at his little joke. Sherlock wasn't sure when making John happy had become so important to him, but every smile or giggle made his heart lift and an answering smile quirk the side of his mouth.  Only the constant wonder that he was somehow the one able to make John react in that way stopped him from smiling like an idiot.
“Did she panic and shoot in error?” John pleads.
"I'm sure. You won't hurt me.  We've shared beds before John, I know for a fact you're not a normally restless sleeper."
Dancing John! Dear God is your brain really that pedestrian? It's only been twelve hours! - SH
"Really, you should be thanking your brother. He pulled all the right strings to get you here and enable me to stay here. He has also posted guards outside the building, and I suspect not all the health care workers here are only that." John's face darkens when he realises how close to home that statement is. It's obvious that he is wondering how often Mary used her medical training as a way to infiltrate hospitals to complete one of her hits as an assassin.
Grabbing a handful of clothes, John disappears into the en-suite himself, a brief word of greeting passing between them as Sherlock heads towards the coffee, eyes intent on his phone. It seems they aren't going to talk about the events of last night. John is simultaneously relieved and disappointed by that thought. Deciding to take his time in the shower, he savours the sensation of the cool water washing off the residue of last night's sweat. His eyes are closed under the spray when Sherlock bursts in and John's first impulse is to cover his modesty before remembering that the shower cubicle is made of frosted glass and only the barest outline of his body is apparent.
"You've been practising!"
“Bobby!”  John interrupts, his cheeks now flaming darkly.
"Come on then genius, pick us a meal." John teases, continuing to flap the glossy menus.
Why?”
“Gregory?”  Sherlock splutters, reluctantly amused.
“I think I can say with some certainty she isn’t called William.”
Yawning deeply John shifted them away from the wet patch on the sheets under his backside, lazily swiping the sheet over his abdomen, removing most of his semen.
"I'll
John's lips touch against his and Sherlock allows his eyes to close, knowing that John will not vanish now. He is home, he is his.  The last brick of Sherlock's wall dissolves and suddenly he is responding eagerly to John's kiss, the sheer want and need in him now undeniable, arms holding John impossibly closer, lips parting further to deepen the kiss. His hands move to John's neck and face, cupping, caressing, guiding, never wanting the moment to end.
Sherlock grins shyly before waving his hands expansively. "In the European firefly, it's only the female that glows, but the female is flightless! That's what I missed in the lab! They were all female carcasses in Lechner's pocket, but all had wings! This part of Austria has only been recently opened up to public access, it's been undisturbed for decades, lots of unique creatures have evolved here, including, it would seem, these glorious female flying fireflies!" Grabbing John by the shoulders he shoves him towards some of the trees. "Use your torch and search in all the hollows; it won't be in the ground as it would damage the gems, look at about mid-height, John. The hair gems are here!"
John’s hand glides silkily over Sherlock’s length, Sherlock closes his eyes and allows his head to sag, John’s touch causes him to shudder as bliss rushes over him.
John watches from the edge of the dance floor as Sherlock dances with Lady Smallwood, his posture and poise are impeccable and he looks like he was born to it.
John rises from his seat and walks over to where Mary is sitting.  He looks down at her for a while, his gaze taking in her face and the gentle swell of her stomach beneath the ill-fitting shirt she is wearing.  His face softens and he sits near her on the sofa, looking directly in her eyes.
“It’s nothing to worry about Mr Holmes.  He’s running a slight temperature so I’m going to increase the amount of antibiotics he is on.”
before, the lithe strength of his body bringing bright sparks of pleasure to John.
When John’s hand finally goes limp in Sherlock grasp, Sherlock finally admits defeat and, after restoring the chair to the edge of the room, tiredly returns to his own bed; the last clear thought in his head that of asking the orderlies if it would be possible to move their beds closer together.
John held in a sigh as he read Sherlock's texts.  Home. Yes Baker Street would always be home.  After all home was where the heart was. And there was the rub of the problem, his heart was in Baker Street but his fiancée was sitting by his side. John loved Mary, but not in the way she deserved, not in the way she needed.  Theirs was a comfortable love, settled and warm but it wasn't deep, not on John's part. He hadn't just settled for Mary, deep down he knew they could have a future together but that was before Sherlock had answered his graveside plea. Dont. Be. Dead.
John carefully helps Sherlock in, taking the time to ensure he is comfortable and covered as much as possible with his sheet. He lingers, apparently unwilling to move far away, before slowly moving closer and leaving a chaste kiss on Sherlock's cheek. Sherlock grumbles and, reaching out one long arm, draws John back towards him; he tilts his head in offering and sighs when John places his lips over his. The kiss itself is light, nothing more than the quick press of firm lips against his own fuller ones, but the contact helps Sherlock relax the last part into sleep and he is drifting off before John has even moved away.
Sherlock looks up, suddenly aware of John’s intense stare. “Yes.  It does.”  He maintains eye contact for a moment before seemingly returning his attention back to the files.  The tension in his hand which is still holding the paperwork and the angle of his shoulders tells a different story.
"Right foot diagonally forward. Now left foot to right. Good, good. Don't worry about the music pace yet."
"Mmm, hello." Sherlock sounds content and satisfied to be waking up next to John, reaching an arm out to pull him in closer.
“Mrs Hudson informed me that Mary had taken you but that I wasn't to ‘freak out’ as she knew where you were and that as soon as I was dressed she’d take me there.” John doesn't mention that Mrs Hudson had addressed the whole of her speech to the wall just behind his left ear, it’s a story he will tell when his emotions feel less raw.
Thanks, I’d appreciate that.”
The sound of a discrete cough from the doorway makes them rudely aware of their surroundings and they pull away from each other, a flush of colour apparent on both their faces.
The walk back to their cottage is peaceful, tranquil in only the way a wood at night can be. Small animal sounds snuffle into the midnight air and a cool breeze blows against John's cheeks, before ruffling Sherlock's hair. The walk back seems somehow longer than their walk to the jewel site, but John is not thinking of the time travelled, rather he is concentrating on the precious things he holds. In his right hand he is clutching a tattered canvas bundle, inside which rests old, yet valuable, hair gems; in his left he holds something far more precious to him, something priceless. In this, his dominant hand, he holds the hand of the man he loves; a man who, like him, has survived being broken and returned stronger for it, has learned to find his humanity and embrace it, and, so very much like John, has decided that the time has finally come for the long, lingering,
You are my life, my love, my only
“Okay?”  John asks softly, stopping alongside Sherlock.  Sherlock studies John, bright eyes flicking over him before his lips part in an ‘Oh’ of recognition.
"I didn't think you'd remember that, thought you would have deleted it."
John's words were softly spoken but the impact on Sherlock was huge, a sudden smile making him look younger and strangely vulnerable.  John felt like he was staring into the deepest black hole in the cosmos as he met Sherlock's gaze. The myriad colours in his eyes made John feel as if he were witnessing some sort of sentient supernova, all the knowledge of the universe contained within, all that knowledge and intensity currently focused on him. He knew that at that moment he was irretrievably lost.  He had never been so happy.
A higher pitched giggle follows in its wake when long, dexterous fingers find a ticklish spot on a naked, wet side. The heat of the bath water measures the passing of time as two men share whispered conversation, intimate laughter and loving caresses. The temperature passes from hot, to comfortably warm, until finally bordering on cool.
John walks over to his chest of drawers and sorts through the jars that sit on top, making no more of an effort to dress than to do up a button or two on his jeans to stop them falling lower on his hips.
He is still slick from where John had applied the lubrication, his erect penis in his hand is the only thing about this situation that is familiar but he instinctively knows how to proceed, how to make this good for them both. Sherlock guides himself to John’s entrance and slowly eases inside, he slows each time he feels John tense but continues to slide in, knowing that John is only tensing at the unfamiliarity of the sensation, their previous preparation has ensured there is no pain.
“Who shot you? No. Wait.” John instructs, eyes searching Sherlock’s features, looking for clues in the same manner that Sherlock gathers data at a crime scene. “Mary. Mary shot you.” Sherlock gives a short nod when John looks to him for confirmation. “Christ! Why the fuck would she do that? You’re her friend!” He stops, confused. “What the hell was she even doing there?”
John barely has time to acknowledge he has probably just royally fucked up, before he is pulled forcibly from the dance floor, dragged from the main hall and in to a shadowed alcove.
'Oh. You arse! You almost had me then!" John's giggles are joined by Sherlock's deeper laugh. Only Mycroft remains completely confused by the sudden change in mood.
“A jumped-up, overweight waste of oxygen, how predictable, Mycroft.”
A reason for living,
Sherlock mumbles something in response before turning his attention back to the room, eyes narrowed.  When the waiter arrives he orders a light soup and a noodle salad, his attention still on the other diners.  John leaves him to it, knowing this is something Sherlock needs to do, something that comes naturally to him.
I knew that I'd found the home for my heart....'
John has to clear his throat to get the words out clearly.
When he finally looks up he catches the end of a strange expression on John’s face, one he can’t quite place but seems oddly familiar.
John blanches and grabs for Sherlock's hand, heedless of Mycroft's presence. Sherlock runs the fingers of his free hand through John's hair where his head is now pressing against the mattress. He can feel the tension running through John's body and ignores the pain in his hand where John is gripping so tight. Sherlock wishes he could wrap John up in his arms and remove them both from this situation, take them somewhere where there is no gunshot wound, no Mary Morstan, no nameless dead victims for John to mourn; somewhere where it is just the two of them against the rest of the world, as it should always have been.
“I think so.
Sherlock leaves to get dressed and John makes short work of the washing up, surprising himself at how quickly he gets through it all. Before long he is up in his old bedroom donning his own clothes. A simple jumper, pants and jeans, he keeps the layering minimal, face heating a little when he acknowledges that the reason he keeps his clothing that way is to give Sherlock ease of access.
“Only if it ain’t too much bovver, Mrs ‘Udson.”  Wide eyes take in Mrs Hudson’s homely little kitchen, flicking from spices, to washing hanging over the radiator to dry, to the cake mix waiting to be made into little pies and baked.
Personal insults John? How mundane! -SH
“Although I deduce that won’t be an issue for John.” He closes his mouth quickly, obviously surprised at that final sentence slipping out.
Yes. Short. I know. I meant you and me. It could make some of the timing awkward. - SH
“Mary?” John queries again, clearly unsure if he is still dreaming.
The choked laugh that John emits startles them both. “Timing, Sherlock.” John gently chides, a small smile lifting his careworn cheeks, even as the threatened tears begin to fall. He swipes at them angrily, as more fall he bows his head, covering his eyes with his hand. The tears fall in earnest, streaking down his cheeks and dripping on to his hospital gown.
“Hair.”
Thank you for all the lovely comments on the last chapter! They truly made my day (week!). I really love getting feedback and was biting my nails over how quiet the other chapter comment boxes had been... So, phew!
I’m grabbing you with both hands and I’m never letting go.
“Good, as I have a rather addictive personality; I’m not sure if you’ve noticed.”  Sherlock teases, only half in jest.
John quickly unlocked the front door and bounded up the stairs.  Entering the flat his gaze was immediately drawn towards the window. Sherlock still stood framed by the window, his back to the room, his face turned in profile. The mid afternoon sun streamed all around him and highlighted the dust motes in its shafts, John was momentarily awed by the beauty of the scene and the ethereal grace of his friend. He was struck anew by how coming to Baker Street was like coming home, coming back to his heart.
“Sure.”
His hands are knocked gently away and he takes the subtle hint, resting his hands on Sherlock’s hips and letting himself flow with the moment.
“Hmm,”
"The usual one?" Sherlock queries, peering up at John from under his fringe, his mouth twitching into a smile.
Sherlock resists the temptation to roll his eyes at himself, blaming his inane observation on the way that the heaviness of sleep is still fogging up his mind.
Sherlock, you know full well what I mean! I'm not trying to insinuate anything! - JW
"Afternoon." Sherlock couldn't resist correcting him, and was rewarded with the sight of John's comically widened eyes.
“Let me explain how leverage works, Doctor Watson. For those who understand these things, Mycroft Holmes is the most powerful man in the country.
Sherlock feels as if he has been asking John to wake up for days.  Weeks.  But he knows, in that factual part of his mind that never seems to take time off, that it has been little more than twelve hours.  Twelve hours full of asking, of begging, of ordering John to wake up.  Sherlock distantly acknowledges the tears that threaten to fall, making his eyes prickle, his sight swim.  His speech is heavy, his words broken, a reflection of his turmoil.  He has no pride left now, he would willingly fall to his knees and beg if that will bring John back to him.
“Yes.” Kisses the right eyebrow. “Yes.”
“You weren't meant to get hurt,”  Sherlock’s voice cracks on the final word, taking a deep breath, he ignores the pain in his chest, determined to speak, to explain.  “I know you believe I am less than human, a machine; I’m not, not where you are involved.”  Tears start to stream down his cheeks, unchecked, his attention solely on John.
He smiles up into John's face when he feels the man stand to lean over him. John cups Sherlock's cheek, sweeping his thumb over that glorious cheekbone and Sherlock savours the sensation of John's clever fingers drifting over his skin, lighting up all his touch receptors, making his senses tingle.
Before Sherlock has a chance to respond, John stretches up on tip-toe and presses his lips against Sherlock's. The kiss is chaste but lingering. He moves his left hand to cup the back of Sherlock's neck, sighing into the kiss when Sherlock leans down slightly and parts his lips. Strong hands grip at his waist and John pushes more firmly into the kiss. The slight prickle of stubble rubs along his lips and the sensation sends a rush of goosebumps along his flesh. Sherlock groans and it sounds rich and deep in the still, night air and his long fingers flex against John's skin as their tongues meet for the first time. Warm breath caresses cool cheeks and John opens his mouth further, encouraging Sherlock's tongue to enter deeper. His right hand has now drifted down to the curve of Sherlock's behind, and John gives in to the temptation of squeezing it. He gasps sharply when Sherlock arches into him - the feel of Sherlock's burgeoning erection presses into his stomach and his own body is suddenly responding in kind. He moves his hand from the nape of Sherlock's neck up, his fingers twining in the soft curly hair. Both men's breath is now coming fast and their hips are rocking steadily against each other. John slowly breaks the kiss but leans into Sherlock's embrace. He can feel soft kisses against the top of his head and he wraps his arms around Sherlock, holding him in a firm embrace.
I just want to say a huge thank you for all the love and comments this story is getting!!  I am blown away by all the support! Thank you, you wonderful people!
"Sher...."  The words were swallowed in the echo of another bout of sharp raps at the door. "Shit."
“Yeah, sort of.”  John laughs awkwardly, rubbing at the nape of his neck.  “She seems very nice.  Great in a crisis, as it turns out.”
Sherlock nods in agreement, his eyelids drooping heavily. Together they shuffle into the kitchen and Sherlock leans against the counter, eating the toast when it is offered and taking his tablets. Another shuffle gets them both into the bedroom where John helps Sherlock get undressed and comfortable before going to lock the flat up.  Sherlock stays awake only long enough to feel John's naked body cuddled up against his own.  Both men are asleep long before the sheets even warm up from their body heat, the day's adventures taking their toll.
"John!" Sherlock looks scandalised, eyes wide and lips parted. "I've wanted you like this for so long I don't know if I can go back to just sharing a chaste kiss with you - no matter what Doctor 'I'm being responsible so don't argue with me' Watson has to say on the subject."
“Yes.”  John slides his hand up Sherlock’s chest, skimming along his neck, halting to tenderly cup Sherlock’s cheek.  “Yeah, I think they do.  I'm almost certain they do.”
John questions, his heart pounding in his chest.
“I probably should remind you that I have a very addictive personality.” Sherlock tugs John’s shirt loose from his trousers and begins to flick each button free of its hole. “It’s been years, decades, since I did this last and it took all my willpower to stop.
The amazing, helpful, supportive and kind Lockedinjohnlock has taken on the tough task of helping me to knock this into shape in the hope of turning into a podfic. I can't praise her dedication and kindness enough! She is helping to improve my writing and my confidence in it. I am hugely flattered that she has offered to look this over and (fingers crossed) podfic this!
The arrival of Sherlock Holmes to their tiny private hospital on the outskirts of London had been the source of many a break time's gossip. The famous detective, back from the 'dead' for little more than a year, had arrived via helicopter in the middle of the night. He had been heavily sedated, accompanied only by his brother and his doctor; the equally infamous Doctor John Watson. A gunshot wound directly to the chest, complicated by Sherlock leaving his original hospital too early, had ensured his arrival there. Mr M Holmes had informed them, in no uncertain terms, that he expected his brother to be watched at all times. When they had said that it would take some time to hire another nurse all expression had been wiped clear from Mycroft's face and his voice had been cold when he told them that Doctor Watson would be staying with Mr Holmes and only some of the medical staff currently employed at the hospital would be allowed to treat his brother. His assistant had passed a file over specifying who would be granted access to Sherlock and what would happen, in very clear terms, if someone else was found to be near him.
“Yes.”
“You and Mary go in, Sherlock, I’ll wait out here.”
“As it should be but Rosie won’t appreciate you locking her away, John, or locking yourself away for that matter.”
lowered inhibitions.” Sherlock stands and moves well within the nurse’s personal space, silver-blue eyes cold and intense.  “This is completely out of character for John and I need you to..”
Mary had known how to push her attentions without making him feeling caged in, she had known when to step back when John had appeared skittish.
"We have a few hours yet, plenty of time before we need to leave our bed." Sherlock reaches down for the duvet and pulls it over them both as he slides down next to John, a deep chuckle on his lips.
They take the time to tidy together, foil wrappers and paper lids duly put into the recycling, the small amount of leftovers boxed up and put on the appropriate shelf of the fridge. Small touches are exchanged and light kisses stolen, the candle burns low as the evening light slips in. The simple domesticity of the moment somehow more perfect than any ‘romantic’ contrivance that Sherlock can imagine.
A rare quiet afternoon finds John sitting in a cafe, listening to his iPod, awaiting Sherlock.  His face lights up when he sees the familiar lanky figure entering the shop.  Even after all this time John feels a surge of love whenever he sees Sherlock.  Watching Sherlock collect his drink, John smiles at the next song that plays on his iPod, it almost seems like fate.  John offers an ear bud to Sherlock when he comes over.  Sherlock listens to the music intently, studying John deeply.  The song ends and Sherlock continues to study John, it lasts for so long that John begins to fidget in his chair.  Finally Sherlock looks directly in John's eyes, his face melts into the smile that is only ever for John, his lips part and one word is uttered.  That one word makes John's heart burst with joy.
"Idiot."  The usual insult is now rich with love and devotion. "And.... John... There's something I should say.  I've meant to say it, always, and I never have........ " Sherlock takes a deep, calming breath, amazed that he finally has the opportunity to open his heart.  Their eyes are now locked on each other - dark navy blue and ever changing eyes of gold, ice blue and green - their own night sky.  Their emotions openly showing, never ending and as eternal as space.  ".......John.  I love you."
Belatedly, John protests against his food being stolen, more of an auto response than any real concern, before blushing when he realises he's sitting there with his mouth hanging open. He's seen Sherlock fresh from the shower before, sometimes with only a towel around him, but the moments have been brief and at a distance. Of course, he had seen rather a lot of Sherlock's body after Mary had shot him. John had been his private doctor, changing bandages, administering pain relief, helping him move around the flat and, of course, bathing him. But seeing a hale and hearty Sherlock virtually naked is quite a different experience. Inhaling deeply, John can still smell the traces of shower gel and shampoo in the room, his mind filling with amorous thoughts as he recalls the scent of Sherlock's warm skin millimetres from his own, shower-fresh but still uniquely him. Surprised at how much he noticed in the short time that Sherlock was out of the bathroom, John allows his mind to wander.
I love you, I want you more than I can say.
John scratches the back of his neck.  "Yeah, I'll just go and ..." John indicates over his shoulder to the bathroom, before edging away. Feeling suddenly very alone, Sherlock lets out a deep sigh, the end of which is cut short when John kisses him.  "By the way, that was amazing."  He grins before sauntering off to the bathroom to change, leaving Sherlock feeling much happier.
The first sound John hears is a steady thud, the second is deep, even breaths. Slowly, the realisation arrives that the sounds are coming from Sherlock. A Sherlock who is very deeply asleep. Loathe to disturb him, John takes stock of the situation. They are both lying on his bed, Sherlock sprawled on his back and John curled on his left side, his head resting on Sherlock's chest. His right arm is stretched over Sherlock's midriff, hand resting lightly on his side. His right leg has managed to insinuate itself between Sherlock's legs. Sherlock's left arm is resting over his torso, fingertips just brushing against John's abdomen, his right arm pinned beneath John's side, hand resting on the curve of his lower back. It takes a moment for John to work out how they had ended up in this position; he remembers his nightmare, the way that Sherlock had comforted him and, it now appears, stayed as he slept. John waits for the embarrassment of the situation to hit him, then waits some more - it doesn't come - and he allows himself to drift off to sleep again, the steady beat of Sherlock's heart lulling him into a deep and restful sleep.
The nurse allows Sherlock some privacy whilst he changes out of his blood-stained coat and suit and in to the pyjamas that a kindly Mrs Hudson had brought him on her last visit.  He feels a stab of guilt that he involved her in his scheme to reveal Mary for what she truly is, no matter how small the part Mrs Hudson played was.  He knows now the danger that even those that he believed Mary to care for are in.  The nurse re-enters the room with quiet efficiency and helps him climb back on to the bed.  The sheets are clean but feel harsh and cold against him and he shivers involuntarily.  Despite their earlier disagreement the nurse remains friendly and professional and immediately takes a soft-blanket from the small cupboard in the room and spreads it over Sherlock.  Sherlock nods his thanks and finally allows himself to admit how exhausted he truly is.  A swift visual check confirms that his morphine feed is at an adequate rate before he permits his eyes to close, he barely registers the sound of the nurse closing the door behind him as he leaves.  Sleep washes over him quickly and, thankfully, it is dreamless.
"Of course I do. I'm not a child anymore Mycroft. Please leave. John and I have wedding plans to sort.  Your presence is neither needed nor wanted." Sherlock crossed to the door, opening it and pointing his brother through it.
"Is that your medical opinion, Doctor Watson?" Sherlock queries.  He tries to keep his voice serious as befits their overall situation, but John's sudden humour is contagious and a chuckle escapes him.
John wakes two more times. The first time is only brief and he requests a drink before drifting back off to sleep. The second time he is awake slightly longer but still appears very muddled.
"Here, let me do it. Really John, the amount of time you spend licking your lips I would have thought you'd have been able to get a small spot of sauce."
"It's a film, Mycroft. Called 'The Princess Bride'. I guess it was originally meant for kids but it seems to have quite the devoted fanbase. One of the characters becomes this Dread Pirate Roberts but it is explained that he isn't the original Dread Pirate Roberts, that he was given the name by the previous Roberts, who in turn was given the name by the original Dread Pirate Roberts. The name and the fear it evoked became legend. People instinctively knew to be very afraid of him. Exactly what Moriarty seems to have been trying to achieve." Greg explains patiently.
“Then Doctor Watson will be awake and aware of the situation.  At that time, if he agrees, we can allocate you a shared room.  This will operate initially as a High Dependancy Unit until Doctor Watson no longer requires that level of care.  After that it will operate as a regular hospital ward.”
“Do either of you have any questions?”
“Listen to yourself.
Sherlock smirks, nuzzling in to the soft skin under John’s ear.
Sherlock leans back to study John's face.  The truth of his words is evident.  "You do. You love me!"  Sherlock can no longer hold his tears back, but now they are tears of joy.  He is aware that he is sobbing and smiling, all of his fears have finally been chased away.  Sherlock allows John to pull his face closer, lets him kiss along the salty tracks of his tears, all the time revelling in John's love and devotion.  Laughter bubbles up from deep inside him, vibrating against John's skin.
Hearing the endearment, Sherlock visibly relaxes. "All true. But I know that she can be trusted beyond any doubt - as do you." John nods, wincing against the memory of why he knows she can be trusted. "She won't tell anyone your results; they won't even make it into the medical database if you don't wish them to."
The original song blends seamlessly into the next and John suddenly has the urge to do something incredibly brave or, according to Mycroft, incredibly stupid.
"I should really, Sherlock, you know the guidelines on wound care as well as I do." John holds up a hand to silence any protest and moves to stand between Sherlock's legs. "How about this for a compromise? I get some blood work done on me, make sure I'm clean and then we leave the gloves off? I'm sure between us we have a connection somewhere that can expedite the results. " He quickly pulls on the gloves and removes the sodden dressing from over Sherlock's wound.
Sitting once again in his comfy armchair in the living room of the only place he had ever thought of as home John allowed his mind to drift. Less than two months ago he had been an engaged man, with a wedding on the horizon and his best man returned from the dead. Then his body and mind had been thrown into turmoil the moment he had agreed to let Sherlock teach him to dance. Those stolen moments of intimacy had made John acknowledge just how much he needed Sherlock, wanted Sherlock.  Then there had been the moment where he was sure they were going to kiss, even the mere memory of it was enough to make John's breath hitch and a spike of arousal in his chest. The moment had been so full of heat and promise and he had known that Sherlock had felt it too, all their dark desires for once in tune. No thoughts had been in his mind then, just his body being drawn to Sherlock's, his lips tingling with the promise lingering in the air.
“Have you nothing to say?”  Sherlock asks impatiently.
He takes the tray from Mrs Hudson, letting her carry her secret recipe gravy and heads back up to Sherlock. He half expects to see Sherlock asleep in his chair and is pleasantly surprised to see him tapping away at a laptop. On closer inspection John can see it's his laptop and bites back the almost automatic order for Sherlock to put it back. It had been in the bag that Mrs Hudson had brought back from the hospital with her, which means that Sherlock had felt pain-free enough to snoop around and find where everything had been put.
“William?”
“Still here, Sherlock?” Mary’s voice announces her arrival, her displeasure at his presence plain.
“I just popped in to see if there was anything you needed, Mr ‘olmes?
All mistakes are my own. The characters belong to Moffat, Gatiss and the BBC, I just like to take them out and play with them!
“You were ‘permitted’ to leave earlier, under your brother’s care and support, but that was against the Doctor’s recommendations.  Frankly, you are extremely lucky not to be back on the operating table yourself.  The stress and strain you obviously placed yourself under could easily have led to internal bleeding that may have caused your heart to stop. Again.”  Sherlock winces, the truth touches far too close to home but he stands his ground, refusing to leave John alone with Mary.  “At this moment in time you are back under the care of the hospital and you need to return to your room.  At once.”
Lestrade nods, acknowledging that he knows what Sherlock is referring to.
"No." John's voice is sleep-rough and he swallows before continuing. "No. I probably shouldn't have had that beer before bed, my bladder is protesting now." He slides out of bed and pads into the en-suite, the flare of the overhead light making him flinch as he relieves himself. Washing his hands, John thinks about how considerate Sherlock has been since he'd moved back into their flat. He had thought that the consideration would fade as more time passed, but he's been back there for nearly six months now and this new Sherlock seems likely to stay.
"No.  No-one has broken your trust, John." John smiles slightly at Sherlock's comment, amazed once again at how Sherlock manages to read his mind. "He wanted to say he was sorry for his involvement in the events that led up to my .... my ...."  Sherlock pauses, seemingly unable to continue.
"Er," John clears his throat, "Good choice." He leaves it up to Molly to decide whether he means her playing music to cover their noise or her choice in music. "I'll bring the sample down, shall I?"
"What. Do. You. Know?" Each word was carefully enunciated, Sherlock's fist clenching rhythmically.
"But who, Sherlock? Who would go to all that trouble?" John's own brow is now furrowed, trying to work the mystery out.
John feels his heart swell a little more. The fact that he is important to Sherlock means the world to him and he has to swallow the lump that has formed in his throat. Looking over towards Sherlock, John can see that he has drawn his lower lip into his mouth and is pensively chewing on it, his gaze flicking back to John before glancing away. Taking a deep breath, John decides to do the bravest thing he has done to date; sod invading Afghanistan, piece of piss! Facing down snipers whilst strapped into a bomb? Childs play! What he is contemplating now is far harder; the outcome far more important, far more life altering.
"Leaving so soon, Gregory?"  Mycroft enquires, getting slowly to his feet.
Pausing mid step he stared at what he had typed. Idiot, bloody useless, lovesick idiot! Biting his lower lip to stop the tears he could feel prickling the back of his eyes he quickly deleted the message.
Of all the emotions Sherlock can recognise easily, disgust and contempt are at the forefront. After all, these are what he saw directed at him for years by his peers, by his brother and by his parents. Yes, his family tried to keep it hidden from him, but it was as clear as day to him, only partially veiled by the look of extreme disappointment. Something of his thoughts must show on his face as John moves closer to him, away from where the nurse is busy finding a place to settle the new feed for the morphine and rests a solid hand on Sherlock's shoulder, squeezing slightly when Sherlock winces at the sensation of the cannula needle being inserted. John looks steadily into Sherlock's eyes as the nurse checks the feed and settings, thanking him and asking some general questions, all without breaking their eye contact. The nurse leaves after giving Sherlock a quick but thorough visual once over, knowing that if more help is needed Doctor Watson will either provide it - as he has done throughout Mr Holmes' stay - or he will seek help.
He glances across to where John is sitting in his chair, legs crossed at the ankle, his latest novel in his hand. John's attention isn't on his book. Rather, it is fixed on the flickering flames of the fire, lost, deep in thought. Using John's distraction as an excuse, Sherlock studies him. Long, golden eyelashes are highlighted in the warm light of the fire and the green and gold pigmentation that gives John's deep blue eyes their unusual hue are easier to see. Sherlock's eyes are often commented on, the shifting myriad colours and heterochromia equally attractive and off-putting for many but John's eyes are far more compelling. At a distance, they might easily be mistaken for brown but when he's angry or happy about something they are a deep, ocean blue; when the light shines on them just right they are the endless navy blue of the sky at dusk, never-ending and so easy to get lost in. John's skin reflects the orange glow of the fire, giving it the warm hues that it had when Sherlock first met him. John naturally has a warmth to his skin tone, strangely representative of the man himself. Sherlock's skin looks more like ice but he muses that they look good together; fire and ice, milk and honey, utterly complementary.
Muttering the numbers on the doors as he passes them before finally locating their room.
John doesn’t answer immediately, drawing his lip between his teeth and scratching his eyebrow, all classic tells of how uncomfortable he feels.  He looks at Sherlock, briefly, before looking away again.  Although Sherlock is looking elsewhere he can feel the instant that John’s focus is back on him.
Mrs Hudson pours the water in to a teapot with a couple of her best teabags and leaves it to brew whilst she busies herself with putting the mince pies together.   Before long they are in the oven cooking away and two cups of tea are sitting companionably by each other on Mrs Hudson’s little table.
John’s firm grip on his hand is the only thing that leads Sherlock to doubt this observation; he knows from previous experience that John’s hand goes slack in his when he sleeps.
“God, Sherlock...” John’s words stutter to halt when Sherlock takes more of his cock in to his mouth. Sherlock cups his tongue and increases his suction, following John’s non-verbal clues instinctively. Sherlock sucks and licks, closing his eyes and making stifled moans at the pleasure he is receiving from the act. Each pulse of fresh liquid against his tongue is reciprocated with a pulse of liquid escaping his own penis. John begins to rock his hips subtly and Sherlock mimics the movement, sliding his mouth up and down John’s cock, his tongue keeps up the cupping motion and his hand on John’s backside encouraging John to keep up his gentle thrusts. Sherlock’s other hand slips down to his own penis and he begins to pump his hand in rhythm to John’s movement. John’s gasps and moans echo in the tiled bathroom and each noise encourages Sherlock to take him deeper. Soon John’s sounds are coming quicker, louder and Sherlock moans around his mouthful, eagerly accepting John’s thrusts as they get more and more frantic, his own hand matching the pace. John’s grip suddenly tightens in Sherlock’s hair and he stills briefly before pumping himself once, twice into Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock’s mouth is flooded with warm bitterness, a flavour he has come to love in such a short time. The taste of it and what it represents sends Sherlock over the edge and his penis pumps out ribbons of ejaculate on to the bathroom floor even as he sucks at the remnants of John’s orgasm.
“Honestly Mycroft, she can be put out with the rubbish for all I care.”  John pauses, thinking the problem over.  “Can her body be left to science? Perhaps she can be of some use in death, if not in life.”
“Cheeky sod!  No, if you want to go back and see the bees I’ll take a book with me, lose myself in a story for a while.”  John stands, adjusting his grip on Sherlock’s hand so that they are linked.  He keeps hold as Sherlock stands, a graceful unfolding of long limbs, before using his hold to bring Sherlock closer.  Sherlock gets the hint, dipping down to meet the expected kiss halfway; he is not disappointed, the kiss is chaste because of where they are, but no less addictive for it.
"Are you completely sure John? God knows I want you, but you've never even so much as glanced at a man sexually before. Why now?" John could see Sherlock fighting his desire to ensure this moment was right for everyone involved, leaning forward again John gently kissed Sherlock's forehead.
A quick fingerprint read and the phone unlocks with a subtle ping.
John struggles to try and right himself; his head is full of visions, many contradictory, and he strives to work out what is real and what is not.
Sherlock looks down at his clasped hands, not wanting to see John’s reaction to his next words, “and I’ll be there to help.
"No going back then?" The hope in Sherlock's voice is clear, he wants John home, back in Baker Street, where he has always belonged.
John drifts off to thoughts of how he finally has the family, and love, he has always dreamed of.
Sherlock shook his head, too shocked for words.
Memory seems intact?”
I am really, really sorry for the huge wait in posting this chapter!  I kind of lost my mojo after a bit of a health scare (it's all good, just need to learn to pace myself more sensibly) but it seems to have popped back for a while.  Very much hoping that my mojo isn't only here for a brief visit!
“What is he talking about, Sherlock?”
Sherlock was silent so long, blinking rapidly, that John was forcibly reminded of the time he'd asked him to be Best Man. Realising that Sherlock needed time to process the new information, John stood quietly and waited.  Unfortunately, the lengthening amount of time made John's stomach clench with anxiety.  Perhaps he shouldn't have just moved in? Perhaps he should have waited to ask Sherlock if he wanted this?  Wanted John back every day in his life? Just as the knot of panic began to weave throughout the fabric of John's being, he noticed a flicker of movement from Sherlock.  He watched as Sherlock's gaze travelled around the room, briefly resting on John's mug on the table, John's laptop open on the desk and the discrete pile of medical journals by John's chair, before finally settling on John himself. John held his hands tight behind his back, carefully keeping his face blank, trying not to pressurise Sherlock into a decision.  All the while knowing that the rest of his life relied on this moment, on Sherlock deciding whether John could stay.
much to reassure John of his competence and compassion - both emotions that he has known too many surgeons to lack.
Before…..”
“But that’s just wrapping it all up in a different lie!” John protests, standing from the bed and pacing.
Author's Note 29/07/2015
"You're an idiot John." A brief laugh is startled from John and Sherlock uses the pause in his words to grip John's fingers fiercely. "As always you see, but you do not observe. You saw all the things I have done, but you didn't observe why I did them."
"Clearly." Mycroft's cold gaze swept across the room, lingering on John.  John instinctively rearranged his body into 'at ease' stance.  Feet shoulder width apart, hands grasped behind his back, a sturdy posture that clearly said, 'Don't fuck with me Mycroft.'  He fixed a look of barely polite interest on his face and steadily met Mycroft's gaze. Mycroft merely raised one imperious brow before turning back to his brother. "Sherlock, as you are avoiding all attempts at communication with me you leave me no choice but to come here.  Believe me, I am no happier than you at my being here.  The case I discussed with you last week is still requiring your attention. England needs you."
They take the last few steps together, hand in hand, their footsteps perfectly in time; as they always are.  The doorman greets them with a warm smile and tip of his hat, holding the door open wide for them.  It crosses John’s mind that the doorman represents the hotel perfectly - elegant whilst also being strangely welcoming - as was, no doubt, their design.  Rather like Sherlock, John thinks, smirking, glancing at Sherlock; John need not have worried that Sherlock had noticed his amusement as he is now studying the lobby of the hotel with a deep frown on his features, seemingly oblivious of John.
They head down to breakfast, hand in hand, smiling and chatting quietly, nodding their greetings at other hotel residents.  Any one seeing them would be in no doubt that they were there for a weekend break, nothing more.  As usual, John has dressed casually in jeans and a shirt; much to John’s surprise, Sherlock has dressed in a similar manner.
“Nope.
"Honestly? I think she's most likely faking the pregnancy. I can't really identify why though. I've heard her being sick, but that's easy enough to make happen; a couple of fingers down the throat or even something as simple as throwing a cup of water down the loo and making the appropriate noises. She's never let me in the bathroom with her, and afterwards she smelled clean, as did the bathroom; no lingering smell of vomit. Her face never had that sheen that appears after throwing up, either. The belly is a bit harder to explain, padding perhaps?" John tilts his head in query, silently requesting Sherlock's thoughts.
"Ugh! I'm a bloody heffalump!" Stopping suddenly, John drops his hands from Sherlock, clenching them at his sides in annoyance, disappointment clear in his voice.
"John, you know I love you and it's because I love you that I'm saying this.  You're a good man John, and you deserve to be with the person that you love." Mary's gaze was unwavering but non-judgemental.  She saw John swallow, saw the guilt quickly sweep across his face, only to be replaced with confusion. "And who loves you, the way that he loves you."
They get a taxi with ease from outside the station and John makes idle chatter with the driver whilst Sherlock watches the sights of Brighton sweep by.  The landscape quickly changes from cheerful British seaside to quintessential English countryside.  Their journey through tree lined lanes is surprisingly quick and before long the car is pulling onto a gravelled driveway, the tyres crunching over the stones as the hotel comes into view.
John gives their joined hands a little shake and lets out a wobbly chuckle. “ I
They spend time working on getting Sherlock's mobility back; the short shuffles to the bathroom gradually turn into longer shuffles to the nurses' station before eventually turning into an unaided walk to the exit and back.  Sherlock is thrilled with his independence but misses John's touch, pleased beyond belief when, on their next walk, John puts his arm loosely around his waist. He'd sighed before resting his arm on John's shoulders as they'd walked around various corridors, content with each other's touch.
(See the end of the chapter for
Accepting the towel that John is offering him Sherlock steps out of the bath with seemingly effortless grace before wrapping the towel casually around his hips. It is only when John observes that the inside of his mouth is dry
Lady Smallwood nods and then turns her attention to Sherlock, effectively blocking both John and Janine from the conversation.
"Mr Holmes, how did you know where to look for the gems? My intelligence had received no word of them."
“Then let me show you.”
"John. You are an idiot."  Sherlock once again feels the warmth of love flooding over him.  John is indeed an idiot - but it's just possible he is Sherlock's idiot only.  "You realise the battle wasn't entirely fair, don't you? You did help them in their bid for freedom."
Mary’s overly bright laugh does nothing to hide the concern behind her next query. “What do you remember?”
“Mrs ‘Udson? Sorry to disturb you so late but Mr ‘Olmes said if I ever needed ‘elp I should come ‘ere. I saw your light were on and ‘is weren’t and I didn’t wanna bovver ‘im.  I know ‘e’s been through the ringer lately but I’m too nervous to go back out there tonight, ‘e said I could always find shelter through ‘im and I didn’t know where else to go.”
He wanted Sherlock to know what he did to him, how being with Sherlock made him completely whole. Wanted him to know how walking into Bart's all those years ago had completely altered his life, saved him.  Both men stood frozen in time, eyes locked on the other, lost in their own worlds, neither daring to close the final few feet between them.
Please forgive any mistakes you see in the text, my writing app is refusing to play nicely and I had to type the whole chapter directly into AO3, very tedious and I'm sure I've made load of mistakes!
“Coincidence?”  John remains in his original position, a small smile playing over his lips, his eyes sparkling.
Sherlock sits huddled up on the visitor's chair next to John’s bed, wrapped in a thin hospital blanket, observing John’s face.  It appears he’d underestimated his nurse, Gethin, Sherlock had calculated that he would have at least an hour before his disappearance from his own ward was noticed; it had taken less than thirty minutes for Gethin to find him.
Dated Sherlock for a while?”
John didn't try to hide the tears that now escaped him.  He let them soak unashamedly into Sherlock's pillow, crying tears that both of them needed to shed. His heart bled for Sherlock; he wanted nothing more than to turn and engulf Sherlock in an embrace but he knew that Sherlock needed to talk, that it was part of his healing.  "They dragged me back to my cell where they chained me up, leaving me half naked and  I was arranged so that my arms were pulled out to the side.  I was too weak to support my own weight and more often than not I dangled limply from the chains, unable to sit or lie down. I was left like that for days, no food or drink, just the occasional check from a guard to ensure I was still alive.  Shortly after, the beatings started in earnest.  Sometimes they would beat me with rope, conducting their own sadistic experiments into what would bite the deepest, draw the most blood, take the longest to heal.  From time to time, infection would set in and in my delirium, I would call for you.  The guards would grudgingly nurse me back to health - after all the game would be no fun on a corpse.  They would taunt me with threats of what they would do to you if they got their hands on you.  How they would beat you, cut you ...... rape you... force me to watch."
John kissed the top of Sherlock's head. "Mmmmmm, that's how I feel."
“The shirts and stuff will be okay for a bit longer.  Do you need to sort anything out before we head down?  No?”  John holds out his hand, smiling when Sherlock links their hands with no sign of hesitation.
“Mary?” John murmurs sleepily, wincing as he tries to move.
"On the whole, I was successful at achieving what I set out to do, gaining only minor injuries and flesh wounds along the way - nothing of consequence, nothing requiring more than five or six stitches."  John huffed out a laugh before he could stop himself.  Only Sherlock would think that a cut requiring stitches was inconsequential.  Once again, he couldn't help but be amazed by this brave, foolish man.  Sherlock nuzzled his nose into John's shoulder, letting John know that he understood he wasn't being laughed at. When Sherlock resumed speaking, his voice was again cold and flat.  Although his hand remained on John's chest, John could feel a slight tremor.  "Unfortunately, my luck ran out just a few months before I returned to London.  I was taken prisoner in Serbia: for some reason they thought I was a British spy. I survived on rations of weak gruel and stagnant water.  They kept me sleep-deprived, awakening me whenever I slept for longer than thirty minutes, by throwing ice water over me.  After three weeks, I was able to escape, but I didn't get far. I was too weak to outrun them."
The brisk bite to the air and the way the light illuminates the floor of the hallway reminds John of the first time he ventured inside 221B and how, not many hours later, he had returned, minus his cane and giggled at the madness of the evening he had just had. It's quieter now, no baritone chuckles alongside his own higher pitched (ridiculous) giggles but he can hear Sherlock's voice drifting out of Mrs Hudson's small kitchen where he is no doubt pilfering freshly baked biscuits and cakes. Sniffing, John can smell cinnamon, rich in the air with the sweet undertones of icing sugar drifting out from the partially open door; cinnamon swirls it is then. He smiles; trust their wonderful landlady to bake up some of Sherlock's favourite treats. Tightening his grip on the bag and plant pot in his hands, John starts to climb the seventeen stairs that will take him back inside the only place he has ever truly considered home. The third stair creaks under his weight and the chatting in the kitchen ceases, the door easing further open.
“It was your work before you met me, and whilst you were ‘away” and I’m sure it will be your work after I'm gone.”  John looks over to where Sherlock plays with Rosie and is quick enough to notice a flash of pain cross Sherlock’s features. John seeks to reassure Sherlock by sliding out of his chair and joining him on the floor with Rosie. “Not that I'm planning to go anywhere soon.”  John reassures.
"So why were you gone two months, Sherlock? It sounds to me like this was a case you could easily solve. What was the complication?" John's utter faith in him still surprised Sherlock, even after all this time. That very faith was the foundation on which Sherlock had built his gradual re-emergence into the whirring confusion of emotions.  He knew, implicitly, that John would be there to support him.
“That’s sweet of you to say, dear. Now, why don't you just get comfy in that chair and I’ll make us that cuppa.  How do you take it?”  Mrs Hudson gathers up all the first aid paraphernalia and disposes it in a special bin John had left with her, then removes her gloves, binning those before washing her hands thoroughly again.
“Christ, Sherlock, feels so good.” John sighs before peppering Sherlock’s shoulders and chest with sucking kisses.
"I'll still be sure, Sherlock." John gets up and stretches, his shirt coming slightly untucked, the movement drawing Sherlock's eye to the slight curve of John's fading arousal in his jeans. "I'm going to turn in too, read for a while. Do you need anything? Another trip to the loo perhaps?"
“I’ll ask, she already believes me to be investigating an attempted murder.”  Lestrade intercedes, grabbing his overcoat.  Mycroft quickly gathers his things together, packing them in his briefcase, before catching up with Lestrade and Sherlock.
Sherlock dismisses, sparing a glance in Mary’s direction, looking quickly away when she smirks at him, her eyes too knowing.
“Sherlock.”
"Are you going to change?" John asks, making an effort to keep his voice casual. Now that they are both in Sherlock's room, the change in their relationship suddenly seems much more pertinent. John is unsure what is expected of him and despite all their flirting and frank discussions in the hospital, he is suddenly very nervous. He clenches his fist before flicking the fingers out, then deliberately steadying his hands, knowing that Sherlock can read all of his tells as easily as he can read a book. He attempts to distract himself by locating a pair of pyjama bottoms and one of Sherlock's favourite t-shirts in the chest of drawers.
"We haven't broken anything, Mrs Hudson.  We just wanted to share something with you."  John's voice is calm but Mrs Hudson can see that both he and Sherlock are flushed with secret excitement.
, let’s go and have some lunch.”  John teases, grabbing Sherlock’s hand and pulling him out of the room.
You are such a childish prat sometimes Sherlock. - JW
“If ‘e does get murdered or something …”
The man carries on undeterred.
“Yes.  As I’ve hinted, several times, a sexual element isn’t mandatory for our relationship but I would find it helpful if we could establish some boundaries so that I don’t inadvertently make you feel uncomfortable or obligated.  I’m in this for the long haul, whatever your answer.”   John twists on the bench so that he faces Sherlock more, waiting for Sherlock to meet his gaze.  “I love you.  And I’m fairly certain that you love me.”
John prompts, needing to hear the rest of the sentence.
Sherlock awakens with the clatter of the food trolley, surprised to see John already up and dressed, reading a newspaper. They eat in relative silence, the quiet only broken by John enquiring if he'd slept well and how Sherlock is feeling. A quick glance over at his morphine drip confirms that it is almost on its lowest setting and Sherlock vows to try and turn it down more before the day is out.
“True.”  Sherlock concedes.  “Although there was a time, and not very long ago in the grand scheme of things, when you could be heard to say ‘I’m not gay’ at fairly frequent intervals.”
I am convinced this story wouldn't be what it is without the support of my friends, in particular my beta, Lockedinjohnlock, who somehow knows exactly what word I am searching for and is always patient and kind.  Also to Iwassoalone for happily reading random bits as I send them to her, often with no explanation!
“Both.  I can see that you’d like to be outside enjoying the weather whilst you can, and I admit I can see the appeal myself.”  He hesitates but feels obliged to speak the rest.  “It will also add an element of veracity to our visit here.”
"What was that for, you ridiculous man?" John laughs, pressing a kiss to the laughter lines at the edge of Sherlock's eye.
"Everything is fine, better than fine, in fact.  I'm just restless, I need to be doing something, John.  A case, an experiment, anything." Sherlock smiles down at John, silently reassuring him that he still loves him, isn't bored by him.
Finally, Sherlock wrapped his hand around himself, his grip firm but gentle.  Again, he allowed the fantasy to take over, imagining that it was John's hand on him, pleasuring him.  Dropping his head back, Sherlock worked his hand, slowly at first, trying to savour the sensation, to keep 'John' with him.  Too soon, Sherlock felt his orgasm curling through him, tightening his testicles, engorging him further.  Speeding up his stroke, Sherlock added a twist of his wrist before ejaculating with a loud gasp.  He allowed himself to cling to the image of a trembling, wanting John for a moment longer before letting the image rinse away with the evidence of his orgasm.
Slowly, John moves his hand from Sherlock’s shoulder until it is resting on Sherlock’s waist, turning the formal dance into something more intimate. When Sherlock doesn't protest, John brings their joined hands slightly closer to their bodies.
The nurse leaves the room, barely hearing the 'I look forward to it' that follows him. A quick glance confirms that the words are not meant for him, the two men are once again lost in their own little world where only the two of them exist.
Tonight though things seem to have changed; the way Sherlock had been unable to look away from John’s semi undressed form, the way he had flushed and the way he had allowed John’s touch to linger are all too much for John to just dismiss as coincidence.
“The readout is shared from here to the nurses’ station, where we have people permanently monitoring it.” Her attention remains on John even as she talks with Sherlock. “You also have a window in this room. Rest assured, Mr Holmes, we are aware of Doctor Watson’s condition at all times. Mrs Watson has also been informed that her husband is awake.”
"Oh! Idiot! I'm such an idiot! Thank heavens I have you to illuminate things for me!" Excitement shines from Sherlock's face as he stares at John.
"Coffee and apple strudel?" John tilts his head to the side, delight colouring his voice, this little trip to the cafe is more perfect than he could ever have dreamed. A hot drink, a sweet treat and Sherlock's hand in his own, a little taste of heaven.
to Sherlock.
Sherlock’s eyes sparkle with amusement, his full lips purse briefly before his mouth relaxes into a satisfied smile.
"He means please, Mrs Hudson."  John's softer voice joins Sherlock's request.  Mrs Hudson cannot help the smile that crosses her features; John has his own sharp edges but when he and Sherlock are together they bring out the best in each other.
Slowly she walks up the stairs, wondering what her boys have been up to now.  Whatever it is, she is sure it will make her chuckle.  Walking into the living room she stops in shock, the furniture is all pushed back and the floor is surprisingly clear.
“Nice.  She was unexpectedly nice.”  John smiles, popping into the kitchen to get himself a bottle of beer, collecting one for Sherlock at the same time.  He drops in to his armchair after handing over the beer, stretching his legs out before him.  “Erin was a very pleasant surprise, thank you.”
“Because before you that type of sex didn’t appeal to me, not in the slightest.
“Your Sher.. Sherlockkkk…is a very pretty man…..  With the …” Bobby gestures at Sherlock’s cheekbones,  “… an’… an’ the ….” Words seem to fail him as he gestures at Sherlock’s clothing.
"I thought it was rather amazing actually."  John turns to kiss Sherlock and Mrs Hudson proudly looks on.  After years of waiting she is finally going to have married ones of her own!
"Hello? Anyone there? John? Is that you?" Sherlock leaned out of the shower, his eyes fixed on the partially closed bathroom door. When there was no further sound or sign of movement, Sherlock returned to the warm water of the shower.  He had been so lost to his fantasy Mycroft and a whole hoard of civil servants could have been calling his name and he would not have registered it.  Shrugging the noise off as incidental and of no concern Sherlock enjoyed the soothing caress of the shower against his now relaxed body. Wickedly he thought that at least John couldn't tell him off for not cleaning up after himself, all evidence of his activity now washed away down the drain.
"Yeah?"  John tilts his chin up, a mixture of pride and anxiety on his handsome face.  "I wanted to do so much more; to kiss you everywhere, to taste you everywhere.  But there will be plenty of time for that, won't there, Sherlock?"
"Yeah, Sherlock." He moves his hands so that they now frame Sherlock's face. "I want us to fuck, to make love, to shag - whatever you want to call it." Sherlock's eyes drift closed as John gently rubs his thumbs over the glorious cheekbones he has long admired. "I want to feel you inside me. At some point I would like to feel what it's like to be inside you." He watches as Sherlock's cheeks flush even darker. "But, this first time, I want you inside me. We're both new to this and I trust you, Sherlock. I trust you to take care of me."
“Gethin.”  He watches as Sherlock walks towards him, steadying the wheelchair as he sits down.  “I’ve been assigned to you, bit unusual that, but I suspect your ‘I’m the British Government’ relative had something to do with that.”
He only turns his body when his prick starts to swell under Sherlock’s intent study.
Sherlock shrugged.  His face was still wet from his tears but his whole posture was more relaxed, as if finally telling his story had cleansed him. "It was the least I could do.  I'd been too convincing, you had truly believed I had died and my reappearance opened your old wounds.  The fact they were wounds of the mind and soul doesn't mean they hurt any less than my physical ones."
“Yeah?”
Slowly, John guides his face down, even as he tilts his own face up.  The gap between them is closing and it is all happening much too fast and simultaneously heartbreakingly slowly.  All the while, Sherlock maintains eye contact with John, scared that if he looks away or blinks, the moment will be gone, eclipsed in a perfume-scented puff of smoke.  But there is no perfume this time; nothing stands between them now.  Now is finally their moment.  Now is finally time for all those words unspoken to be expressed, for their  lips and tongues to converse in a universal language.
Together they pass into Sherlock's (their) room and Sherlock seats himself on the edge of the bed, parting his knees slightly to allow John to stand there if he wishes to. John stands to the side of Sherlock and organises the stuff that he will need, new adhesive strips, new sterile pad, antibiotic cream, if needed and surgical gloves. Sherlock eyes the gloves with distaste.
With painstaking slowness Sherlock leans in towards John, his eyelids fluttering shut at the first light touch of their lips.
“I’m staying out of this one, boys.”  He eases his weight back so that he is sitting more comfortably on the bed next to Sherlock. “I gave up years ago trying to understand the workings of the Holmes’ mind, too convoluted for a simple soul like me.”  He flashes them both a deceptively innocent smile before loosely folding his arms.
Sherlock’s hands return to cradle John’s face once again and he rests his head against John’s so that they are forehead to forehead, their breathing uneven, the sound louder than the music coming from the nearby party.
"Here, let me help." John crosses quickly to the dresser where he picks up Sherlock's pyjama bottoms and t-shirt before moving to stand in front of where Sherlock is perched on the edge of the bed. Swiftly but carefully, John lowers Sherlock's t-shirt over his head, stretching the material so that Sherlock doesn't have to move much to get his arms in before smoothing the material over his torso. It's shapeless and going threadbare in places but it's one of Sherlock's favourites. John can't help but smile at the contrast; the man dresses in Savile Row suits and charity shop t-shirts. Swiftly, John kneels before Sherlock, trying not to think about the sexual implications of the position. Bunching up Sherlock's soft pyjama bottoms, he guides Sherlock's legs into position before pulling the trousers up to Sherlock's bent knees. He instructs Sherlock to brace his weight against John's shoulders and to stand. As he does so, John pulls the trousers up the rest of the way, moving until he is standing with Sherlock's arms resting on his shoulders. A second later, the trousers are loosely tied, the whole procedure taking barely any time. John allows himself the luxury of a chaste kiss before altering his hold and leading Sherlock over to the bedroom door before helping him into a dressing gown, remembering to leave it untied.
