Sherlock conjured up the doctor’s steady hands; the way John might pet him as he dilated himself open for John. Would he enjoy watching Sherlock? Tell him to spread more, possibly lean forward on a hand? Lay back and let John press against it as he took Sherlock’s mouth in a melting kiss? His body was shaking, nonsense softly tumbling from his mouth until it was full both physically and emotionally. A curse slipped past his lips as he took time rolling onto his side, then covered up for a moment in his covers. His body quivered as he adjusted to the sensory overload, his cock rock hard.
“Jesus, Sherlock.” John searched his face, his eyes moving quickly. “You can’t believe that. You, as a person, are important. All of you.”
"Interesting. So she is the criminal mastermind." He had to give it to her, she was unassuming, but affable with everyone it seemed. Made connections and transferred goods to those in the know. "Clever girl."
The plug was one of three, the smallest. Only a little under eight centimeters. Didn’t seem like much. As he looked at it, the circumcised mold of the insertable made his stomach twist again. This was clearly ridiculous, the need to please, but he’d also never been as aroused as he was the night previous. Even now, he was imagining John whispering to him. How brilliant he was... how good it would be with him already stretched. Sherlock took his fingers out, lubed the plug and teased it gently around his slightly relaxed hole, exhaling as he did so. The soft whimper was out before he could stop it, instead his breath quickened and he bit his lip
My first weekend in Framlingham passed without incident. Greg, unused to spending time in the usually empty house, worked most of the weekend. I used the time to organise the kitchen and go to the bookstore to find something to read beyond the few books I had brought with me. I missed my bookcase back home. I wondered about making a trip into a larger town for better clothing options too. At least with uniforms, I didn’t have to worry about impressing anyone at school with the way I was dressed.
Sh'loc turned and stared blankly at the screen then, trying to check what was welling within. "You have no right to ask, My'crof. You may be my eldest brother, but you are not yet head of our family-"
Sally Donovan, Head Nurse, worked hard for her position. Raised by both parents in solidly middle-class home, two siblings. She is the oldest child. Proud. Not looking too ever have children, but enjoys the company of men within monogamous boundaries. Career driven. Has potential.
"Yes," The words rushed out as he began to tip forward, John's fingers pinching gently at his sensitive nipples. "Yes, yes."
“Sherlock.” The man’s smile was genuine and sudden. “You are amazing. My name is John, John Watson. You may call me by either my civilian title, sir, or professor.”
“It’s just nerves,” Sherlock steadied himself and stopped his hands. “Adrenaline. Fight or flight response-”
Dr. Holmes walked to the lightboard on the wall over my head, and turned it on. "Your X-rays look good," he said. "Does your head hurt? Sherlock said you hit it pretty hard. The other doctor suggested you had a concussion? I see here that you're all stitched up."
, lingered in the room. Not enough to convince John of anything. Highly improbable to sway him. Maybe switching topics would be appropriate.
So a non-answer and more smiling as if this nurse had got all of the cream and possibly scones as well.
Critical thinking, he said, understanding what everyone gave off in everyday life, how to filter it. Distill it to its finest points. These are things he lived for. I wondered if he would one day be a D.I., like dad. Maybe a pathologist. Two doctors, wouldn't that be something.
For me it was more like slow motion. More accurately it was freeze frame. Possibly. Everything was both stopped still and going all at once but at the rate of treacle. I looked up, and couldn’t breathe. I knew I was gone. This was it. I saw several things simultaneously. The adrenaline rush seemed to make my brain work much faster, and I was able to take everything in like a perfect snapshot that would be my final memory.
To my dismay, I found myself the center of attention for the rest of that week. Philip was impossible, following me around, obsessed with making amends to me somehow. Mike and Mary were flat pissed towards him even though there was no reason for everyone to be hostile. Yes, people looked at me a bit oddly at first because of my cane, but by the end of the week, they’d gotten used to it. Maybe one more and I’d be able to ditch it again.
Sherlock whispered John’s name over and over as the languid thrusts filled him. The pleasure of it all. Hedonistic and primal; the way John was rutting into him even as his lips stayed light and whispered endearments against his flushed skin. Sherlock’s own fingers twined around John’s as he canted his hips fucking their hands. Being fucked by John. It was the closest to... perfection... that Sherlock had ever felt. The frisson heat running through him like fire in his veins as his muscles twitched against the intrusion of John’s cock. His testicles drawing close. The tremor that began in his thighs burning upward, low into his belly as John cupped their hands at the cusp of him.
“Masturbation and self exploration are wonderful.” John raised his hand and pushed the curls away from Sherlock’s eyes. “Nothing to be embarrassed about. You know what you like and then can show your lover, too.”
“Us ducks?” He closed his eyes and shook his head then hummed painfully. “Nurse you’re not making sense. Please, go retrieve my friend from the hall. I wish to speak to him.”
His hand was warmed by John’s. This was new. The tangle of fingers was nice. Comforting. It took a minute to swallow and get his throat working before Sherlock made a small noise.
"It's the most logical, of course, John. There is nothing wrong with it, your reaction. The sound is tied to a traumatic experience that is still fresh in your mind." Mr Holmes' voice was calm and sure. "How do you feel?"
“Uncomfortable, how?” He knew little of  Vulcan physiology, they had yet to cover it in his classes.
"But you don't do this, what the others do. I've seen you." He leaned into my space as he spoke. I noticed I'd stopped breathing. "You crave more."
My morning classes were all rote now, so it was easy to take the notes that I needed and not worry. The one I had to pay attention in was maths, but I was sure I’d be able to handle it. Sally was great at showing me a few tricks her da had taught her, and they seemed to help too. By the time lunch came around, most of the quad was full of other kids dumping the slushy snow on one another. It did sort of look fun.
The mugger’s eyes twitched as if he’d had a bit too much of the synth ‘happiness’ upper; his whole body was full of minute movements actually now that John turned a keen eye onto the man. He sighed internally and watched the
“No, no I don’t; not nearly as well as I’d like to, I think.” He licked at his lips. “I think you feel similar?”
His own fingers coming up once again to find buttons, but this time John’s. The dark blue plastic whispered through each buttonhole as they both watched Sherlock’s progress. When it opened, Sherlock licked at his lips as his hands encountered the soft smattering of chest hair and still firm body. He wanted to kiss him, his skin. Taste the difference because he knew there would be. Without thinking, he pushed up on his elbows, letting go with his hands and opened his mouth to lick at an exposed nipple.
“Fight? Why?” John sat up a bit at this and leaned forward, elbows on his knees, the concern that had laid low in his belly made him feel slightly ill. “I will be there for you, Sherlock, I don’t mean that I won’t, I will, but-” He licked at his lips tasting the tea he’d sipped. “Well, what if there were another way?”
The second time I most certainly did not faint was at his home. This, too, was In the Kitchen, but with a Glass Bowl and done by His Mother and it most certainly had nothing to do with bloodshed, but rather lack there of. And here I had though we had been dancing along quite smoothly, who knew I'd feel like I was cotton wooled again and react the way I did. It was no one's fault. Sherlock would even had called it logical if he wasn't the one worrying over me and barking at his father to help.
"That doesn't sound so complex," he disagreed, but he was suddenly sympathetic. "When did that happen?"
The hand stayed still, just warmth and pressure against the sensitive skin. He felt cock twitch beneath John’s fingers and he whimpered. Couldn’t help it. Sherlock brought his hand up to bite it, but it was met with John’s other hand and brought to his lips. Soft small kisses were showered over the doctor’s callused knuckles as John palmed him, gently rubbing at his cock through the thin material. It was driving him mad. His hips rocked into the motion and together, they found a rhythm. A razor’s edge that was pleasurable, but so very much so. Overwhelming, his brain helpfully supplied.
"We were going to study, but I started dinner- cut myself- all bandaged up, but Sherlock's got to get home soon."
, what one could consider pretty even though her eyes and the set of her mouth told of hardships she had seen. The clothing though, the dress with
"Oh, John, do you say that to all your bunkmates? Whatever will people say?" Sherlock wry smile flicked across his tired face as he childishly rolled his eyes. "How do they expect us to do this, at this level, with the intense care necessary? And what is this about a crew coming to film?"
John woke up, the city smog curling at his window. The damn cat stayed out again. He could hear it in the corridor. All he had left was this little cubby of a flat and that damn cat. The bright blond of his short hair was still stuck up from the night before. Who had time when he needed to earn as much as he could before his points were lost on his license again. Damn, that was going to suck to pay off when it happened.
The main dining area was low-lit and soft, the deep blue walls and dark floor gave it and intimate feel. John had been seated at a table that was semi-tucked away in a private alcove. He stood and met Sherlock, wrapping his arm around his waist briefly before pulling out Sherlock’s seat.
I looked up. He was sitting as far away from me as the desk allowed, but his chair was angled toward me. His dazzling face was friendly, open, a slight smile on his flawless lips. But his eyes were careful.
There were a few moments of silence where tin and china could be heard. “Why not your dorm room then? Or flat?”
In my dream it was very dark, and what dim light there was seemed to be radiating from Sherlock's skin in the late afternoon light. He was pressing the hair gently from my forehead before leaving. I couldn't see his face, just his back as he walked away from me, leaving me in the rapidly darkening room. I tried to follow, but he turned and pressed me back against my bed. Those gorgeous silvery moonlight eyes full of concern turned dark, as they had been the first time I'd met him, his hand cupping my face as he kissed my shocked lips.
Sherlock dipped his head and kissed at John, his lips tentative. “It’s fine. New.” How to explain it all to the man who was so thoroughly taking care of him. “Indecent. In a good way. I feel-
“Easy, darling.” John backed away just enough to speak, softly kissing the student between speaking. “We can move, to the sofa, or my room. Wherever you want.”
.” Between John stroking him and just that bit of pressure he felt hazy and electric all at once. “Please, please-”
At that precise moment, his eyes flashed over to meet mine. He didn't look harsh or unfriendly as he had the last time I'd seen him. He looked merely curious again, unsatisfied in some way.
As the tub filled, his thoughts were brought to that night. How much he had enjoyed the night previous, waking early to find John already in the kitchen preparing tea for them both. It was nice, familiar in a strange way. Something he was not used to, but had been pleasantly surprised to feel cared for by someone who was not his parents.
“John, love. After, you may always call me John.” Small kisses peppered his forehead and sweat damp curls. “Nothing to be sorry for. It’s fine. Normal too. Can be. Such intense thing, orgasms.”
"I'm fine." Is what came out of my mouth as my mind continued to whirl. "Really. I don't know what happened."
Sherlock wanted to stand, but he didn’t want to lose the contact of John’s hands. That was ridiculous. His mind rattled something about ‘skin-hunger’ and he blustered back internally. He didn’t need anyone. This accidental meeting was supposed to possibly be a lark, a first experience with a man that just so happened to hit every single button. Like Christmas, a present just for him. For once in his life something so illogically random that seemed... perfect.
"Not picky, just letting Molls get her fill-" They both look over to the nurse and her mound of food, mostly toast, but beans, eggs, some veg as well.
Then he smiled at me, wistfully sighing at his thoughts, and went to sit by a girl with braces and a bad perm. In a town like this, where everyone lived on top of everyone else, diplomacy was essential. I just hoped that Molly felt sort-of the same, for Mike's sake. I was relieved that I had the desk to myself; that Sherlock was absent. I told myself that repeatedly. But I couldn't get rid of the nagging suspicion that I was the reason he wasn't there. It was ridiculous, and egotistical. It was impossible. And yet I couldn't stop worrying that it was true.
"They- don't like anybody, well, they don't notice anybody enough to like them- But he's still staring at you. Maybe, well." Her voice dropped a bit and she leaned closer. “Maybe it’s, um, he fancies you. A bit?”
“Sherlock?” Oh, there was real worry there now in the doctor’s voice. ”Sherlock, are you alright. You can tell me if... whatever you need. There is no need to be embarrassed.”
"Sherlock, I'm glad. I fancy you, too." I could hardly whisper the words for the weight of the truth of them. "It's not something- this is just new."
“No, sir, I am never that.” Gerti placed her hand against the blanket close to his. “I am forthright and quite serious minded, thank you very much... now you have questions.”
I bolted down some toast and some juice from the bottle. I felt excited to go to school, and that scared me. If I was being honest with myself, which I needed to be, this was really about Sherlock Holmes and that spark of
John blinked twice, then again before answering in his ‘very careful’ voice. “Yea, let’s have a scan then.”
I gathered my books together, then stood and walked to the door. I meant to sweep out of the room, but of course I caught the stop of my cane on the door jamb and dropped my half closed knapsack. I stood there for a moment, sighed and bent to pick them up. Sherlock was there beside me; he'd already stacked my things and put them into the plain canvas bag before handing it to me.
I brought my hands comfortably to rest against his back as we spoke. The intimacy was not lost on me. This was more than I had ever expected, this feeling of contentment. I closed my eyes and just relaxed; I refused to feel shameful over a shared orgasm with someone I cared about.
Chapter Four is done and Five should be there by Friday so look for both over the weekend! I've been busy, which is one of the banes of a writer, but who can say no to Deadpool? *hugs for all*
He hummed an affirmative, still half-drunk on sleep himself. John pressed again, incrementally slow, to allow Sherlock’s body to welcome him gradually. It was elicit. He could feel the slick in his interior from the night before, John’s own emissions easing his way.
"And yet, here I am, still." I moaned as I purposely rubbed against him, bucking my hips so that it just caught his erection with my own. "With you here. Alone. I- trust you, Sherlock."
Sherlock immediately grasped at John’s waist before letting go enough to allow his fingers to open against the blue check shirt. His thumbs dug into the muscle beneath them and he hummed a small appreciative noise in his throat that he realised had gone particularly dry. He must have lost a few seconds to the sensation because John was tugging at his shirt tails and pulling the fabric away from his body. It felt sinful. Freeing. Closing his eyes, he dropped his forehead somewhere against John’s torso as callused hands roamed along his back. Soon, John’s fingers were in his dark curls, not pulling, just massaging, as they ran over his scalp and then lifted to repeat the motion.
“Uh, yea, neat.” Lestrade made a face and watched the tube become covered by a metallic shield. “When’s it going to open?”
"That's a very good question," he muttered, so quietly that I wondered if he was talking to himself.
“A-” Sheer surprise filled John’s words. “Oh, darling, you shouldn’t have. Beautiful lad. All this time?”
The mugger looks at him dumbfounded. Sighing to himself, John clocks him out cold for someone else to clean up. Why him? He kept wandering down the hall to the express to take him to the garage for his level. Seemed like trouble was always dogging his steps. With a grimace, John took a deep breath, found his cab, and got settled in it.
Everything was dull. BORING. The young men and women of his class were off drinking their brain cells away and capturing as many STI’s as humanly possible. The student clinic would be busy for the next week at the minimum with most of the idiots between hangovers and hasty, unplanned, unprotected sex. The thought made him shiver.
“Why not your own regional food, Sherlock?” This did have John more that curious now. He wanted to reach out telepathically to sooth what seemed to be a now slightly unnerved curly headed toff.
The haze and threat of rain was hard to adjust to. That was the worst. Not being able to see the sun; to feel warm without layers. At least Greg's house was not damp and almost a little cheery with the fire in the grate. I decided to pull down one of the old cookbooks and look through it for a basic bread recipe. Keep my hands busy since there was little else to do. It felt good to still be sort of on my own, like I had been with mum and Harry, but without having to worry about all the rest of the household.
He’d hang the fucking moon if John asked him to. “Yes, da-daddy.” Two became three just as the back of his knees hit the stable shoulders and he keened. Sherlock felt his body give; relax just that much more, allowing himself to be fucked by John’s ingenious fingers.
I passed him the microscope before he could ask for it. He took a swift peek, and then wrote it down, once again with that small smirk against his lips. We were finished before anyone else was close. I could see Mike and his partner comparing two slides again and again, and another group had their book open under the table.
Sherlock had returned to his flat the next day to collect himself. Captain John Watson, doctor turned professor- the crux of the whole situation, was blindsiding. The man was excessively clever in his own right, handsome in an unconventional way... and ex-military. Solidly built for his age, steady handed. Bluest eyes Sherlock had ever seen in person. He’d promised to go to dinner with the doctor, and he wanted to go to dinner with the doctor; but his memory kept pulling up Victor and Tobias. They were just... it hadn’t felt right. Even though they both had things that had drawn him in. At least Victor and he were still on speaking terms. Shaking his head, Sherlock ran his fingers through his hair; he had a date to get ready for.
Just before I heard the shattering crunch of the car crash into tail end of the Mini, something hit me hard; but not from the direction I was expecting. My head cracked against the icy blacktop, and I felt something solid and cold pinning me to the ground even as my head heated and screamed at me for the abuse. A low oath made me aware that someone was with me, and the voice was impossible not to recognize. One long, white hand shot out protectively in front of me, forcing Philip's car to shudder against the impact, to stop the tyre handful of centimetres from my face, his hands creating a deep dent in the side of the vehicle's body. Suddenly, Sherlock was gripping under, dragging me, swinging my legs around like a rag doll's, till they hit the tyre of the other car I'd parked alongside. A groaning metallic thud hurt my ears, and the cars settled exactly where, a second ago, I had been.
“221 Baker. My home in London, if you like. I do need to go there at some point, and I’ve grown accustomed to having you... around.”
No, Sherlock wanted thoughts of John only as he slipped into the hot water and settled to soak, to force his body to relax and his mind to wander amongst more carnal desires. He realised John had stretched him further than he was used to, so he was gentle as he washed. It was, in retrospect, a good thing. Now he knew what that felt like; that he liked it. Wanted more, and soon. Sherlock’s thoughts wandered, processing the whole encounter. Biting his lip, he gingerly inserted a tip of a finger, then worked up to two so slowly it was almost maddening, but he
Little miss prissy silkily wound herself around and between his legs meowing at him as if she hadn’t just eaten before she’d decided to come home. He knew the score. He knew he wasn’t the only one feeding the little white cat. There was a woman, Mary, just down the way that would take the so-not-pitiful thing in on nights he was trawling for fares. Mary, now she was a nice one.
. The thrill of hedonistic behaviours. As if it was overly decadent and not-at-all-allowed, but still, Sherlock felt his cock pulse at the thought of feeling the metal within him. The feel of John’s mouth as the wand moved against him from cleft to root and back again, as it teased possibilities.
"Don't do this, we've just had a wonderful thing happen." Kissing him is as easy as breathing, I find. "I don't want to give this up when we've just found it. We'll talk after I meet everyone? I understand, Sherlock. It's hard, to shut things up in your head. It's not very pleasant in mine at the moment," I sat up and moved away first, going towards the bathroom. "But the thought of you, it helps."
All morning I was concerned about lunch; whether or not he would be glaring at me the entire time. I really needed to talk to him and get this straightened out. Part of me wanted to confront him and demand to know what I had done to piss him off. The other part of me hoped that it wasn’t what I thought it might have been... no one deserved to worry about that. When I walked into the cafeteria with Sally, I saw that his four siblings of sorts were sitting together at the same table, and he wasn’t there. Maybe skipped lunch for the same reasons I had contemplated.
“It may be settled here, at the Embassy. John, you need to know that there may be- repercussions to this.”
His cheeks flushed heatedly as the words processed. He hadn’t heard so many abject words of praise since he... well, since he had constructed his mind palace, at least. Sherlock felt his cock surge against the finely made pants he was wearing and he thanked the cosmos that he’d happened to wear that particular pair. They were almost see-through; very breathable, but also gave John a bit of a show as they looked great on him. He’d feel everything as-
“Son, I asked if you were alright?” The warm tenor ran over his bones and set a fire in his belly like smooth scotch. “I assume you were opening the house for me? Bit tired from being out with friends?”
“You need to be more clear, darling.” He was stroking Sherlock languorously, his other hand busy with tracing light patterns on Sherlock’s skin. “Are you asking if my bedside is stocked? If I’ve had time to unpack my lube and condoms?”
"They went hiking early this morning." She smiled sweetly towards me. "With the weather better than it has been they wanted an early start on the chance it turned by afternoon, they should be home by evening." Mr Holmes joined her across the kitchen and then whispered something in her ear. Her smile brightened. "We'll leave you two to your own devices, we'll just be up in the study. Mycroft and I have already had something; bit of a late lunch. Be good children."
“You’re alright, Sherlock. My dear, darling, wonderful boy.” John kissed at him; pet his hair as he spoke. “Take all the time you need then I will clean us both up, hmm? Does that sound nice?”
I wish I could have taken the words back as soon as I had spoken them. It was wrong. I liked Sherlock, hell I had wet dreams about him. I knew where the hatred really lie. I drove home slowly, carefully, arguing with myself the whole way. He remained quiet but his eyes never left me. Half way home I decided to make Shepard's pie for dinner; no leftovers tonight. The cooking would stop me from internally berating myself the whole time and keep my hands busy for reasons I didn't want to look to closely at. As I opened the door, my mobile chirruped, startling us both and breaking the heavy silence that had come between us.
“Well the cretins in your ‘study group’ would prefer things that I do not ingest... though most of what you stated I would try. Possibly Bibimbap or Kimchi? Though they are not from where I was raised, they are palatable vegetarian options that others might enjoy.”
I teased my way into his mouth, expecting warmth, but finding the coolness there as well. It wasn't unpleasant, possibly I was just warmer than him. I blushed as I realised he was holding us apart and the reasons as to why that may be. I parted to catch my breath leaning against his cheek.
He was being covered with the weight of the duvet; they both were, and then John was holding him again. Sherlock nuzzled against John’s chest hair and realised his cheeks were wet. Silly. It was ludicrous; tears.
“So very sweet, aren’t you?” Sherlock could feel the uptilt of John’s mouth against his skin. “Come on then.”
“Who was the one who followed me?” The exchange was simple. True. He fucking missed this; the honest trade of words without all the bullshit of pandering. He turned in the small space and flicked on the kettle heater that was inset into the wall listening to Blackwood as he reminded him about needing to come in to overhaul the taxi he currently was using to make ends meet. Fuck the pension in his accounts. They could keep their money. “I don’t need one, she’s running right as rain, I promise.”
John was somewhere close by then. Good. Relief flooded through him and filled him with a calm he didn’t know had been missing. Agitation is a good sign though, isn’t it? How long had he been hospitalised? Sherlock opened his eyes again and tried to focus, newpapers... two books. John’s iPad with keyboard-holder-thingie. Three charger tails taped to the small bedside table. A week? Less? It was hard to think and hard to see and cotton wool would serve him better.
“John. Back early.” He moved to the pushed aside chair and grabbed the towel and wiped off before quickly drinking down the water he had laid out for himself. “Was shopping for the upcoming holiday not to your liking?”
It took every ounce of my concentration to make it down the icy brick driveway alive. I almost lost my balance, but I managed to cling to the old cane Greg had left out for me. Greg had left for work before I had even got downstairs, but he still was looking after me. It was really nice, highly polished dark wood, but I was seventeen. Not some old dotty man for chrissakes. Clearly, today was going to be nightmarish, but needs must. I distracted myself from my fear of falling and my unwanted speculations about Sherlock Holmes by thinking about anything but him and concentrating on not falling on my arse and breaking a hip. Then I'd really be buggered. My throat suddenly felt tight. I wasn't used to being taken care of, and Greg's unspoken concern caught me by surprise.
“No, Sherlock. None of that is true. You are... handsome. Educated. Very clever. I bet you even play an instrument or five, possibly compose because you like the beauty in the mathematics or something... Point is, your heart is what sets you on fire. What moves you. That brilliant brain? Just an extension, but not the sum.”
Dad bought me a vintage Mini, can you believe it? I love it. It's old, but really sturdy, which is good, you know, for me.
They made it to the corridor before Sherlock realised there might be something off. Not in a very glaring way, but enough to brush at the edges of his perception. A patient seemingly waiting in to corridor to their right that just watched him be wheeled past without breaking his gaze, an almost amazed look on the man’s face. A woman that was at a nursing station that looked emaciated almost. Grey. Odd. Out of place. His observations had to be off. The morphine perhaps or the (something) they gave him to help with transport home as his body still railed against movement. He was reassured when he couldn’t figure what John had had to eat or if he indeed had finished reading his latest pulp fiction in the last forty-eight hours.
“Touch me, it’s alright. It’ll help. Wherever you want, Sherlock.” John straddled a thigh and leaned down, releasing Sherlock’s hand and kissing him full on the lips again, claiming him as his fingers deftly pulled down the younger man’s pants enough to grasp Sherlock’s cock fully in his hand.
“Yea, This is John...” He shook a box by his other ear, cracking a grin that he had finally found some matches as he realised it was Blackwood. “Hey sweetie...stop.” The cat nipped at him distracting him momentarily from the voice at the other end of the line.
you, John Watson. In a way I never thought I'd want. You have indelibly touched my life. I cannot harm you."
And then they found us, a crowd of people with tears streaming down their faces, shouting at each other, shouting at us. I was thankful for us both. I'd never seen someone have such an adverse reaction to seeing blood as I often had. I felt sorry for him.
"Before what? I don't understand." I hoped that he wasn't saying no to whatever this was between us. It was palatable. Weighty. As if I were in water but not drowning. "I've not, offended you, have I?"
"Hey, Holmes, you going to go over to mass later? It seems something a posh called up would do." The Major continued snidely to the nurse on his left. He was obviously unhappy with the chain of events that brought the new surgeon into their midst. "Private practice, not likely to have seen very much of this."
"She- she cannot." Sh'loc was not prepared to discuss a change as yet in his and John's relationship. "Why are you forcing my hand? You know it would break her heart- I only told her that I had met someone who, miraculously, seemed to understand my disposition"
“I know.” Deep down he did. He also knew he’d been trusted with something very private, no matter the reason. “I just, I’m worried for you now.”
“Adrenalin crashing already, Holmes? Come on, stay with me.” A warm arm wound its way around Sherlock’s neck as he trudged. “I’ll get you a shaken and dirtied and pour you and it into bed, alright? Just a bit further.”
“Sherlock, darling.” He felt John nuzzling at him, his fingers against the opposite side of his throat. “Love, don’t pass out on me yet. Breathe. It’s alright to be overwhelmed. Just tell me.”
“So, mind telling me why you are here?” The doctor spoke clearly as his voice carried from the kitchen. “You weren’t vandalising... or using the house for... ‘recreational’ purposes.”
“Raised to understand other world’s customs, but no, I do not practice any religion. Though we will have to have a reading about Saint Nicholas on Christmas eve, maybe some eggnog and peppermint bark.”
It took several minutes for Sherlock to pull himself back together as John held him tightly; his cock still warm within him until it lost it’s tumescence. Still John held on. Sherlock finally turned in his arms and nestled his brow against a sturdy scarred shoulder.
He was glad for the fact that they had been given permission to film themselves instead. It had taken a call to Mycroft to see it happen; and didn't his brother just love that. He was due to the camp soon, as was one of the conditions to them being allowed to keep 'precious equipment to tinker with' with a promise of 'a very real film that is viewable for general populace'. Sherlock found himself hoping if there was any trouble that he would be willing to deflect it towards himself alone.
The doctor peeled away and laced his fingers with Sherlock’s to pull him down the hall and into the bedroom. It wasn’t large, being a cottage, so the bed seemed to dominate the space. He felt his breath catch again as he began fumbling with his buttons. The sooner he undressed the sooner he could get under the duvet. It was silly, to be self-conscious. John had most likely seen hundreds of bodies all in different states no less. He was being a child and needed to calm himself.
“Darling, let go.” John soothed even as the words were exhaled forcefully. “I can feel it... give it to me. Come for me. In our hands.”
But yet, Sherlock pulled me up as easily as he had stopped the car. Almost as if I weighed nothing. I found him looking at me, his eyes gone back almost normal, as if her were searching for something. Some hint as to what I was thinking. Not like I'd said it out loud.
Captain William Scott Sherlock Homes V, was not pleased at the rise of events that had lead him to a one way ticket to a mobile military hospital. It was true, that his expertise, as well as his lack of compunction would come into play in this forward operating base, he was loathe to be so near the violence of it all. Not the men coming in he would see die, or the vociferousness of their wounds that he would try to mend, no it was the side arm he had been requisitioned that gave him pause. Though willing to do what he could do from an intelligence standpoint, something that exercised his brain as it would go to rot if left to boredom, would almost be re-welcomed into his life at this point. This though, was most certainly not that.
His stomach did a flip at the thought of wearing it through dinner and only him knowing. Sherlock was nervous in a peripheral way, he knew he wouldn’t damage himself, but he had to keep his thoughts racing; amping himself up. Surprising John... yes, that was a good thought to follow. Would he enjoy the fact that Sherlock had tried for him? He sat on his bed then kneeled and flicked open the lube, re-inserting his fingers. It felt tighter out of the water and he breathed through it, his cock leaking against the towel.
"You're eating." John set down his tray across from him, then settled himself as well. "I'm glad to see it; didn't realise our newest doc was a picky eater."
They sipped the wine and enjoyed their first course, but by the main, Sherlock had visibly shifted a few times. John had noticed. The plug was stimulating him, and while keeping the pleasant feeling low in his stomach, it had begun to make him a little ill and uncomfortable. He politely excused himself, promising to only be a moment. Sherlock blushed, inwardly cursing the fact he couldn’t ignore the discomfort, and went into the men’s. His hands trembled slightly as he settled his palms on the cool marble counter. He could do this. They had, in all probability, another forty-eight minutes; it would be fine. A few deep breaths and the nausea should pass. No need to ruin the surprise.
"Well," he said after a moment, "I guess it's good you two are lab partners." He mumbled something else as he walked away.
“Tired still it seems. Um, yeah that’s fine... morphine most likely. I’ll stay with you?” His free hand skated up to Sherlock’s curls that were loose and gingerly brushed at them watching his fingers. “I’m just. I’m glad you are back. Here. With us, yeah?”
Thoughts occurred to him then that had not; oh, how the morphine had dulled him. Sherlock was glad to be off it to a degree but a significant part was still wanting it for the healing process, the other craving it. He’d have John at home, monitoring his dosages and keeping him in tea so he’d have some comfort that way as well. Getting dressed. Using the loo. On crutches...
“Hey! At least the cat comes back...” The blond shook his head trying to strike the match in his hand.
“Oh?” This brough John back into his ‘listening doctor’ mode. It made him smile just a little to watch the minute changes that overcame his doctor. How his thumb switched close to his pulse, his body leaned in towards the bed. Receptive again. “And what is the issue? Might need another scan, which I am sure they have scheduled-”
Sherlock pushed his nose hard against my hand again, heaving a breath, growling again as he exhaled. My hairs stood on end, but it was thrilling.
“Things are off, with my vision. Haloing and slightly blurred?” Better to ignore the forwardness. “John, he-”
“In time, when you choose.” His. John’s. The doctor began thrusting languidly. “Whatever you choose.” The susurrus words were kissed along his skin; set him aflame. “Let me take care of you, Sherlock.” John’s hand joined Sherlock’s and began a steady pull twisting their hands just as they crested over the exposed head, coating their fingers before sliding back down. “God, you are beautiful under me.”
“John, you had better mind your mouth, and your temper along with it,” Donovan had jumped into the fray. Interesting. “Philip is still ranked above you and I’m sure that Greg would hate to see us lose you to the MP’s for insubordination-”
John packed them both, as he knew Sherlock would just have him do it anyway, and settled their bags at the door before working on putting the main room back to some order before they left. Their beds and sleeping quarters were already neat, so he wouldn’t have to worry about that. Sherlock actually was generally a very clean person other than he’d forget his mugs or PADDs and so John would tidy them. He had made sure to pack them both a few PADDs and his paper journal as well. There was just something about paper and ink. He couldn’t satisfactorily explain it, the fulfillment he received from writing this way, the ink dotting his skin at times. Other times, charcoal rubbed against his hand from sketching leaving its dark mark from the exterior of his smallest finger to the beginnings of his wrist. It just felt right, these things at his disposal.
I decided to honor the bargain I'd made with myself. Since Sherlock hadn't looked angry, I would go to Biology. My stomach did little flips at the thought of sitting next to him again. They had nothing to do with the worry I had had days earlier. No, now it was turning on me for a whole new reason. One I wasn't fully sure would be welcomed. I didn't really want to walk to class with Mike as usual, on the off chance I gave my nerves away, but when we went to the door, everyone besides me groaned in unison. It was raining, washing all traces of the snow away in clear, icy ribbons down the side of the walkway. I smiled to myself, secretly pleased. I would be free to go talk to Sherlock without having to skip practice.
Radar read off the missive, her voice tinny through the speakers spread across the base. Sherlock just tucked his hands deeper into his pockets and grumbled. John and he had broken into the office supply room and destroyed the first ridiculous work of fiction that the war committee had planned on sharing 'back home' with everyone to boost confidence in the war. How such a work would even have done that-
Sherlock gripped at the covers and begged with his body for more. Slicking his fingers, John curled them towards his palm. He murmured praise quietly as he grazed the pinked hole with his knuckles. The tip of John’s uncurled finger probed once again. Sherlock was cracking with need and apprehension; it was heady. He wriggled his hips impatiently with pent up need, then coughed out a strangled cry as John dipped, taking his cock gently into his mouth. A single finger became two as the doctor slowly invaded his body.
Sherlock responded by lapping again, this time in a wider stripe, and humming. The texture and play of the hair and then not was lovely. John tasted clean. Not even of soap, just the ephemeral quality of skin, even though Sherlock could clearly smell his cologne still. It was dark and woodsy and fit John to a tee. He worked his way up to John’s mouth, tentatively kissing, asking for more. John opened for him and let him lick into his mouth as a needy sound was swallowed between them. His body flared with heat all over, his skin prickly and tight. Leaning back on to the bedding, John followed him not quite all the way down, opting to run his mouth over Sherlock’s throat and collar instead, whispering soft words of encouragement as Sherlock writhed.
My mom was in hysterics, of course. I had to tell her I felt fine at least thirty times before she would calm down. I wasn't as eager to escape Framingham as I thought I would be, Sherlock had, surprisingly, changed my feeling on the matter. Stupid, but none the less true. I decided I might as well go to bed as I waited for him to get back with our homework. I stopped on my way to grab my prescription from the bathroom as my head felt as if it was about to fall off. They did help, and, as the pain eased, I drifted to sleep.
He made a small noise and brushed hard against my throat as he returned the slow grind. I could feel the temptation of teeth against it as Sherlock breathed heavily, his own hum of satisfaction felt against my chest, but nothing came of it as he changed direction to fully own my mouth in the most wonderful of ways. Our bodies found a rhythm, nothing to rough, but earnest, as my hands roamed his back and his halo of curls. God, if that didn't feel wonderful. Sherlock's own finding their own way to my hips, then my arse, then back up again to brush against my chest. I finally gathered the courage and loosely wrapped a leg around his thigh. I whispered between us, the words coming out of my mouth were only his to know. Sherlock buried his nose at my throat and exhaled against my skin.
"John,” There was urgency now. “I was standing with you, and I pulled you out of the way. Do you understand?"
"I'm completely fine, Dad," I looked to him, then over his shoulder at Sherlock. "He was with me-" I had to close my eyes then as the world spun topsy-turvey. I tried to think of a logical solution that could explain what I had just experienced; closing my eyes against the pain of a cracking good headache and now nausea full-on, my mind unhelpfully supplied the memory of Sherlock’s cold hand against my face. I’d almost kill for it now.
“Your room?” Sherlock was certain, but his body trembled as he spoke, a shiver of anticipation running through him. John tipped up, ghosting his lips along until they reached his ear and lipped at the lobe delicately, tickling his face with the soft facial hair.
"So, Sherlock, didn't you think Johnathan should get a chance with the microscope?" Mr Gregson asked.
“Daddydaddy, oh John- Please!” he cried as his orgasm slammed into him like a brick wall. It was all light and not air and it was wonderful and nothing else in the universe mattered but them. This. Now. It was amazing. John sucked him through it, then beyond, causing aftershocks to run through his veins like wildfire. It was blinding.
The days there seemed dull and hazy until he backed himself off of the morphine; not as if he had been allowed that much daily to begin with. The nights were the worst. No John... well not often. The one bright spot was he would be home soon with physio to look forward too. John had said he would help here as well, work with him at his appointments even. They hadn’t discussed how he’d wake with their hands intertwined, or how he’d allow John to fuss with him; the gentle, sure hands were welcome. When it got into the deep night, he would try to sleep, though he generally only managed to nap. Nurses would come and go. Sherlock hadn’t seen that nurse again over the last few days and was beginning to wonder if it was a figment of his mind after all.
As he came face to face with the large, mostly glass ground floor of the meeting halls, he saw the merry band of colleagues all beginning to sort out jobs. Just in time then. He chanced a quick look and saw John, taking command in the kitchen, and had to stop for just a moment and smile to himself. The slight ginger in his hair was more noticeable due to the product in his hair and the deep green of his fitted jumper. No, today was not the day to follow this new instinct. Especially in front of everyone.
"Nothing," I answered. I had no reason to feel self-conscious; I reminded myself. "I'll just get a bunty today."
“Go sit on the bed.” The doctor moved to the wardrobe and toed off his shoes and then unbuttoned his cardigan, hanging it against the chair closest to him before walking the few steps back to Sherlock. “It’s alright to be nervous. Let me take care of you, love.” His stable hands slowly unbuttoned Sherlock’s shirt. “Why don’t you put your hands where you would like them on me. It’s alright.”
"Shut up." There was warmth in the words that Sherlock chose not to disguise as he dried his torso and accepted the glass from John's hand. "Just not had the time is all- well there was- it doesn't matter. Honestly, women have always been a bit of an unknown. Not really my area."
“No... no... friends. Out.” Sherlock shook his head in negation and sat up, still sleep-addled. How long
“Yes, sir.” He’d defaulted to the honorific; combined with John’s sturdy hand, it soothed something within him. “I wanted to be better prepared if-.”
Sherlock cradled my hand in his. It was nothing but electric. I knew what was coming and I welcomed it, tipping up on my toes pressing his lips to mine. His lips were cool, but soft. So very soft I wanted to bite at them and taste them. I pushed forward our chests brushing. It was intoxicating.
I turned to sit up, and this time he let me, releasing his hold around my torso and sliding as far from me as he could in the limited space. I looked at his concerned, innocent expression and was disoriented again by the force of his silver-colored eyes. What was I asking him? I had forgotten. Then I noticed the look on his face as I groaned and pulled my hand away from my scalp. Blood. The earthen iron of it made my stomach roll. Sherlock stiffened, his eyes going wide and- unhinged.
The room itself kept with the victorian theme, including what seemed to be gaslights. A mishmash of bohemian half-worn velvet and glass fronted bookcases that held what seemed to be a motley assortment of on and off world curios among the books and other oddities. “Is that a... skull?”
A restless groan escaped him as he pressed inward. Too sensitive. It made him flush, all overheated and itching for
“Simple, really. Your bearing, the tan lines at your collar and wrists, the difference of the silvered-sandy hair just beginning to darken to the same shade as your beard.” Sherlock dipped his chin towards his chest and looked up biting his lip before he continued. “Your hands. You are also ambidextrous, but you’re left dominant. It’s all about observation. I’m sure you understand.”
I finally made it out and into the chilly air. I huddled into my parka as my leg twinged horribly, I was having to navigate through the sea of other students so that didn’t help either. I got into my Mini finally and went for my wallet to make sure I had Greg's card and some of my own money as well. As I waited in the queue of cars, I thought about what I needed to go to the shops for and set up provisions for the house. So a little bit of my normal had followed me to this godforsaken place. With Greg though, I didn't mind. It was nice to cook on my own. I’d found I enjoyed it immensely over the last couple of years.
"Hello, Sherlock," I said pleasantly, to show him I was going to stand my ground and be pleasant. "I'm doing better, thanks for asking. How are you coping with almost being smashed to bits?"
"Dr Holmes saw me, and he said I was fine and I could go home." I looked toward Sherlock and felt the tips of my ears heat. "Sherlock asked if he could follow us home, stay the afternoon."
"Now, children.” He stated mildly. “Well, John, your father is in the waiting room. You can go home with him now, but come back if you feel dizzy or have trouble with your eyesight at all."
“You may call me John; it’s alright. I would prefer a real answer though, not a dismissal of said question.”
I relaxed against him and took in the rest of the room; it really was more of a studio. Very spacious with natty flourished wall coverings, velvet curtains, but hodgepodged furnishings. One wall full of books only interrupted by a very modern device dock and CD player that looked more art than anything, a desk shoved sort of against it, at an angle. Couple of miss-matched chairs, again one more crowded against the wall.
“I’m bisexual.” John sighed as he said it. “The woman I would have married took exception and, well, maybe that was for the best.”
"I thought it was supposed to come down in flakes — you know, each one unique and all that. These just look like the ends of cotton swabs."
The delicate arch of the long feet gave way to the perfectly formed ankles and calves that even in rest looked solid, albeit wiry. Their thighs rose gently, the curvature of the muscle looked as if it were just waiting to be put to use, terminating at sharp angled hips. Nestled between,
Also, about the boys and their play: Yes, John is choosing to not use a condom. Yes, Sherlock is allowing that. This is also fanfiction.
really hurt someone with this thing, good thing it’s not loaded.” He pointed at the little bright yellow button that just screamed
“Good morning, darling.” The words were humid against the shell of his ear. “Would you mind if we stayed like this? Just for a little while?”
His hands shook as he quickly unclasped the belt, the leather swishing through the buckle, then onto the stays hidden just on the other side of the trouser line... then the zip. “Daddy... you are-” He couldn’t think of a word so he ran his finger along the outline of John under his pants.
"I do, My'c. Please speak plainly, we are not men of pleasantries." Sh'loc was glad that his irritation showed through his words. It would warm him a little to know that he had once again 'ruffled' his sibling. "The hour is late here, as you well know."
I paused for a long moment, and then made the mistake of meeting his gaze. His dark gold eyes confused me, and I answered without thinking.
“Good, there’s my darling.” Wet nipping kisses dropped along Sherlock’s neck. “So very good. Need to hear you.” The wand slid around at his hip, then his cleft once again, warm and hard; his body twitching minutely as John caressed him slowly with his free hand to stop at Sherlock’s bicep and gently hold there. “Bear down, love. Relax for me again.”
"I was hoping later, after we've gone back down," His eyes were almost mournful. "You may not wish to, continue with me afterward, after what I say."
“I’ll settle the bill while you claim our coats?” His hand gripped, squeezed. “Then I’ll take you home. Can you wait to remove this or is it hurting you?”
"Some of the people in this town," he muttered. "Dr Holmes is a brilliant surgeon who could probably work in any hospital in the world, make ten times the salary he gets here," he continued a serious expression on his face. "We're lucky to have him. Lucky that his wife, Anthea, wanted to live in a small town. He's an asset to the community, and all of those kids are well behaved and polite. And they stick together the way a family should. Camping trips every other weekend... Just because they weren’t born here, people have to talk."
"Oi, John, and who do we have here?" Greg smiled widely and clapped a hand on Sherlock's shoulder. "Company for dinner?"
Greg rushed to my side as Sherlock stopped and stepped away from pushing me. It felt odd not to have him close to me. "What did the doctor say?"
“Oh, fire? Nice.” John placed their bags down in the hall and looked around. “This, well, it seems like you?”
“The compositional elements of his DNA chain are the same as ours, there are simply more of them tightly packed. His knowledge is probably limitless...” The scientist looked on in awe of the DNA chains as they scrolled across his screen. He looked as if he were a man that had been dying in the desert that had just been given water. “The cell that is still viable is, for lack of a better word, perfect.”
My thoughts came to a halt as I noticed Dr. Holmes brood all alighting into a jet black BMW with equally dark tinted windows. Well of course that one would be theirs. I wondered if that meant that the silver Audi with the severe tint job was Sherlock's as it wasn’t here and neither was he. The little pixie-like one looked my direction and smiled shyly. It was... maybe I could ask her about him- why he seemed to hate me so without even knowing me. I ran my fingers through my hair and turned left to go towards the markets and away from thoughts of school, rugby, and him.
“Ultra-violet protection in three seconds. Two. One.” The scientist looks over to Lestrade and explains. “This is the crucial phase. The reconstruction of pigment. Cells are bombarded with slightly greasy solar atoms which forces the body cells to react, to protect themselves. That means growing skin. Clever, eh?”
“I didn’t mean... in time, if you... then yes, Sherlock.” John turned him around to face him. “Yes, alright. You don’t even know yourself yet, do you? Look at you warring with yourself. Just... what do you need?”
“Is that a yes in there somewhere, Sherlock?” His other hand came up to frame Sherlock’s face as the older man drew closer. “It’s alright if it isn’t.”
Sherlock made an agreeable noise. “She has grown quite a lot... respectable even?” He mused, the last bit more to himself than to Geraldine. “I’ve always know she could be more then average.”
A woman, one he assumed to be the old nanny, had come out to hang a large evergreen wreath with a acid green bow as it’s only ornamentation. Somehow, it fit with the feel of the place. Sherlock walked up to the woman and gave her a hug, which surprised John. He knew Sherlock was not one for physical displays, but it warmed him to see the Vulcan being familiar with someone. John stepped up the last few treads and waited as Sherlock pulled back and then introduced him. Mrs. Hudson took him in a warm hug as well and began guiding him through the entry and shooed them up to the first floor to get settled in the parlor for tea.
"That must be Mike Stamford. Nice kid. Nice family. His dad owns the sporting goods store just outside of town. He makes a good living off all the backpackers who come through here."
I winced and lifted my hand. It was just a small nick, the tiniest of things. I also realised that Sherlock had gone very pale and had stopped breathing.
“Better to be cold than move someone with a possible spinal injury, John. And you want to be a doctor.” His expression had turned to something I did not recognise as his fingers curled gently around my face. “Almost lost that today.”
“The perks of your family wanting you to be safe, I suppose, although it will be worth having I suppose.”
With his parting words, My'crof cut the communication, not giving Sh'loc the ability to retort. It was not Sh'loc's fault that his emotions were so close to the surface; it was the unresolved. What he could not meditate through. Even now, he allowed it to colour his thoughts and heighten his emotions even as his mind cautioned him towards restraint. He looked again to the ceiling. Remorse, want, anger, greed; a kaleidoscopic mix filtered through him that would not ebb.
“Cases? What sort of cases?” The doctor fixed him with a neutral expression that was just this side of ‘very serious’. “You mean for your studies?”
The soft pitched whine crept up his throat as John twisted his wrist. “Nothing is indecent between us. I’ll teach you everything, Sherlock. Darling. Aftercare is important, but it can also be it’s own reward. Just as sexy.” John purred against the shell of Sherlock’s ear.
However, he continued to reach for the microscope. I watched him, still staggered, as he examined the slide for an even shorter time than I had.
"Yes, I'd like to meet them. Properly. So that way we know one another." I was almost pink to the tips of my ears. I was certain. "And I'm going to shut it now. Dad, want to go clean up while I finish dinner? I'm okay. No brain damage."
A trip to the mass transporter with all their gear and a few moments later they were at the Starfleet Embassy in London. After scanning their bracelets in, they took the old subway system to Baker Street. It was marvelous. Sherlock was full of information about the system, which parts still were running, the history. All he could do was say brilliant and amazing or ask questions to broaden his own understanding of the cultural significance. It was true he was raised in his later years in Glasgow, but they’d never made the trip to London. His mother was very happy to hear of him going and he told Sherlock as much. The young man just quietly smiled.
“Soon- end of reconstruction,” Anderson toggled a few things at the console. “Beginning reanimation.” A whoosh of air came through the chamber they were all cloistered in as the latent buzz of electricity picked up in hertz. “Activating life support... removing shield.”
John sat and sipped at his tea, listened to his friend. How odd it seemed to induct a ‘rite’, then again, every planet was different where customs were concerned. Just look at Earth.  “Isn't there an arbiter you could use if that were the case, or would you need to go home to dissolve the engagement?”
John turned slightly then kissed Sherlock thoroughly. A few moments later, they were both panting as John gingerly slid the wand from Sherlock’s body and replacing it with his fingers; John continuing to kiss him as he finished rinsing Sherlock’s lower half. He reached behind Sherlock to turn off the shower, pulled him out into the room without missing a beat. John’s hands were everywhere. His mouth all consuming. He stepped away only for a moment to grab a towel and began drying Sherlock tenderly.
The smile that graced his face as he came around so I could see him seemed uncertain, as if his face was not used to the expression. "There is no reason to be thankful for a purely selfish deed."
I drove very slowly not wanting to carve a path of destruction all the way down Main. When I got out at school, I breathed the sweet air of relief at not killing anyone else, myself included. The roads had been treated, but it was still my first time driving through the hellish stuff. I was standing by the Mini locking it up and struggling to fight back the sudden wave of emotions that filtered back to me when I heard an odd sound.
"Got to love the rumour mill, they'll have us in Seoul and married in a fortnight the way you're hanging off me." John laughed between them as he pulled away to open their door. "Damn circus that's going to be- the movie, mind."
His voice shouldn't make his heart do the things it was doing. Shouldn't sound so familiar. Here, awake, his voice was certainly as rough as it had been when I had received an actual verbal answer from in in these last weeks. Asleep, in dreams, is where it seemed to belong now.
The group was pleased that the beach trip would soon be possible. The snow moved to damp cooling drizzle though, and the weeks passed. Things began to get green again.
“That’s it, darling. Perfect.” John was slow in his taking. Savoring, if there was a word for it. Teasing, if there was another. “You’re so perfect like this. God help me.”
or told him exactly what she meant. Well, he knew what she meant, didn’t he, but that was not for public knowledge. It was... too new. “Her name is Molly. The one in the morgue; do you two... chat?”
His eyebrows knit together. "I don't understand," he admitted, and he seemed unnecessarily frustrated by that fact.
But he wanted to be. He just didn’t have the words to express what he needed. Or did he? Sherlock tipped his chin up and met John’s lips, claiming them as he wrapped his arms around his neck. That was better. More than, it was an anchor and not so floaty.
He sat next to John without an invitation, but his master didn't seem to mind. They watched the news in silence and Sherlock didn't pay much attention to it until unexpectedly, a familiar face filled the screen. Sherlock hadn't seen Lestrade for nearly four years save on the newspapers, but the man hadn't changed much. Even Donovan was there. It was replay of a press conference about the serial suicides, he'd already read about those and had known Lestrade was on the case.
"No, I– That's not what I meant. I mean, this room", he gestured at the bedroom behind the kitchen. He hadn't even noticed it had a cupboard. "It's great, but I can't see how–"
Holmes instantly scrambled up on his feet from the floor where he'd been on all fours. "Good morning, master", he greeted cautiously. He lifted his hand and gave a little wave with a toothbrush. "I'm cleaning the bathroom as master ordered me to."
Damn mistress Summers. He hadn’t even done anything wrong, not this time, not after Florida. When master Summers had purchased him little over a year ago, it had been a relief. And he’d sworn to himself this was the last time. He hadn’t exactly embraced his new life with his new owners, but he’d decided he was tired of trying to escape it. Pursuing freedom wasn’t worth it, not if it wasn’t one hundred percent certain to happen. He’d sworn himself he wouldn’t risk it, wouldn’t risk his life, sworn himself he’d behave. And he had. For little over a year he’d been as good as he could. It had taken him
"It wasn't just me, but I was one of the worst. It might as well have been my kick that killed him."
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed! Please let me know how you feel and what think about it, if you can spare a moment. ♥
"Maybe later," John said under his breath. He tapped the pen against his notes. "The renewal's just an extra cost right now. How much do people pay for these things?"
It was hard not to imagine what would happen to them after the auction. He himself was fortunate to be old enough to be sold as a regular house slave. The idea of tending to someone like an old lady with an army of little dogs revolted him, but it'd be better than the remote chance of being sold to sex industry. His calm and polite manners should ensure him house slavery. It was the best option for him. His overweight build thankfully wasn't what most people looked for in a bed slave. What he was far more concerned about was Sherlock.
Some kind of lottery winner, perhaps? A slave among gift vouchers and cars wasn’t an unusual prize. Sherlock shouldn’t have kept looking at her, but he did, since most people found it unnerving to have a slave stare at them like a free person.
Sherlock's fingers curled around his knees and he prepared to explain when John knelt down, and he couldn't help but to raise his head to look at his master. John took an advantage of it and clutched his chin firmly, turning Sherlock's face towards the light. Sherlock let him. He loathed when people did this –this insufferable act of dominance and ownership. He expected to be slapped any second now and steeled himself for the punishment to come. John's eyes studied Sherlock's face, and the angry line between his eyes only grew.
"Oh. I see the freak is back", he heard the woman guarding the tape comment with distaste as they approached. She was a slim, tall woman with a beautiful take-no-nonsense face and lots of curly, black hair framing her features. If it weren't for the setting, John would have considered saying something flirtatious.
The child slaves were ushered to hall C where their feet were chained to the floor next to makeshift walls that divided the hall into orderly paths. Documents matching the numbers on his wrist were pinned on the wall behind him and he was ordered to let go of his bag. He didn't need to give it away, just leave it untouched next to him.
"Look, I'm trying to catch a serial killer here and a little faith in it would be appreciated. So if you could just
Sherlock had allowed himself to be pushed on the bed, but when the husband and wife pinned him down and tried to undress him something primeval –no. Something
Sherlock kowtowed when she let go. "I'm terribly sorry. Forgive me, ma'am," he spoke to his potential buyer. His voice didn't waver despite his shock. Rather, he felt as if his heart had stopped altogether. "I didn't know I was for sale. I hope you will still have me."
He couldn't recall his name anymore. Mike or Mickey or something like that. In his forties, though at the time it had sounded old. Dying of cancer because nothing would be done to save his life.
The question clearly wasn't meant for him, but John felt to need to have a say in this. "Wait, don't make any–"
Sherlock was twelve when it truly hit him how insignificant his life was in the eyes of the free people. How little it was worth, how easily he could be replaced, and how cruel and indifferent people could be towards the likes of him.
"Master, please," he would say. Husky voice, pleading eyes. He'd reach at him, let his hands hover just above his crotch –a slave would never touch before given permission. But he could pretend he wanted to. "Allow me, master."
Sherlock closed the laptop into the drawer with the gun. John appeared to like to pretend it wasn't there, so he had not touched nor commented on it. He stepped away from the desk and lowered himself back on his knees. Nothing would be gained by refusal, after all, and he knew which fights to pick. Even if he didn't always act accordingly. But now was not the time. Anything he had to say would likely lead to more severe consequences, and he had seen the stupid slave magazine with its creative ideas for punishments on the table earlier. He would have known it had been read even if he hadn't seen John do so. Preferably his owner didn't remember or care. He would rather have the belt than chilli powder in his arse.
"Then we'll add one," John decided. It meant turning the sitting room into a rudimentary photo studio. They rearranged the lights and shut the glass doors to kitchen for a clear background.
He hesitated a moment. It wasn't a secret, but it involved a period of his life he would have rather forgotten altogether.
Holmes hesitated a moment before replying, then probably realised the hesitation alone was enough of an answer. "Yes."
Despite the traffic, John could hear someone running to the door before it was flung open. A young boy, twelve or thirteen of age, flustered with excitement stood at the threshold.
Holmes's fingers clutched his knees and he grit his teeth. For several seconds they just stared at each other, until Holmes finally seemed to think the better of it, and assumed the floor position.
he could do, other than to try to convince someone a cabbie had just stolen his slave. He'd need to call the police, he needed to find out who was driving the taxi. And he needed paper to write down the cab number before he could make that call.
Greg Lestrade watched him walk away to his new owner. He approached slowly, head slightly inclined to look at least a little apologetic. Greg didn't believe for a second that was how Sherlock truly felt. He stayed to watch far enough to not hear what was spoken, but close enough to intervene should he be needed. He fully understood of course that Dr Watson would be having some words and more with his slave. Had Greg been in his place, he would've disciplined Sherlock, too. He was a great help to the police and what he did was truly unique, but he was still a slave and a damn nuisance of a slave.
"You should see the doctor," Greg said, laughing. "It's a good thing he's happily married. A lot of the nurses at the hospital have a hard time concentrating on their work with him around. I know we haven’t talked about it but, you know-”
“Isn't that a Z140? Alleviated titanium... neuro charged assault model?” John chuckled to himself. “You know, you
"Obvious," He came close, his hands laden with the tea tray he'd assembled. "If the kiss hadn't spoken of my desire, I'd hoped the want for you to meet my family, to be proof."
of trouble for this thing... I’ll just keep it safe-” John pressed a button as he spoke, a hidden compartment above his head comes down to the left of him. The compartment is filled with all sorts of shapes and sizes of weaponized metal. The smirk that crosses his face had gone from friendly to deadly. “Right here, see, safe and sound. Now I’d get your ass down the hall before you get into real trouble.”
“But I have.” His hands felt like they were on fire and his chest felt tight. “Caring isn’t an advantage, it’s a hinderance and only allows you to become vulnerable, sir.”
"Take paracetamol for the pain, the nurse will have given Gregory something a little stronger for later. Only if necessary, John;" he suggested as Sherlock kept me upright. "It seems as if you were extremely lucky," Dr. Holmes said, smiling as he signed my chart with a flourish. Looking way from us to Philip's bed and the miserable boy himself. "You both were." He fixed us with a meaningful look, then his sharp gaze rested on his son. "Following him home? Do let me know how he is fairing tonight? John, be well. Now you, Mr Anderson, I'm afraid that you'll have to stay with us just a little bit longer," he said to Philip, and began checking his cuts.
"Good answer," he agreed, writing it neatly in the first space on our worksheet. He swiftly switched out the first slide for the second, and then glanced at it cursorily.
He was already seated as was usual when I got to Biology, looking straight ahead. I sat down, expecting him to turn toward me. He showed no sign that he realized I was there.
221 Baker was a tall thinish Victorian lady. The exterior was painted in a way that would show off her character, much like the row houses that still existed in San Francisco. The coordinating scheme though was interesting. Each home painted in a variation of colours that on their own seemed to blend, but taken individually, John realised that they were done in a lighter followed bydarker pattern. Sherlock’s was darker, which was unsurprising, jewel tones. Deep still, aubergine, charcoal, the darkest teal John had ever seen. He took in the whole area now, not just the houses; it seemed to all be historically retrofitted. Iron fences around trees. Lovely box hedgerows hiding the uplighting for the cellars.  Oh, he’d love his evening runs here. If it didn’t snow. Maybe he’d convince Sherlock to take walks instead. He didn’t want to be too sedentary and have hell to pay in two weeks when they returned back to the Academy.  John was certain it would be very bad for them to just laze about, but when had he really known Sherlock to do so.
"It's fine," I repeated with a sigh, throwing a quick scowl toward Sherlock who promptly laughed this time.
Lost in his thoughts, Sherlock didn’t hear the door open, but he did hear the small tsking noise and feel John’s hand at his hip. “Alright, love?” John oozed concern.
He watched John carefully, a few simple hidden glances as he spoke. He'd not yet come this far in discussion of his sexuality as it was no one's right to know other than his own; yet, he felt as if being honest with John was important.
Sherlock didn’t remember why his eyes were gazing blurrily at four walls that weren’t his own. Hospital. Obvious. The odd ozone-less antiseptic-laced neutrality that currently accosted his nostrils told him that much; that, and the whiteness of the walls currently trying to blind his eyes. Might have been a pale arctic blue at one time... but he couldn’t be certain. The fabric that most liked to call cotton, that most certainly wasn’t was irritating his sensitive skin. The cleaning agents necessary to run a hospital were rarely kind to those with allergies of these sorts. It made him itch, deep below his dermal layers. Must have been on his back for a while then.
Moving off of the bed, John quickly pulled off his shirt, followed by his trousers and pants leaving them on the chair he’d thrown his cardigan on. All Sherlock could think of was how every single fantasy he’d ever had was coalescing all at once and how beautifully it was doing so. It was hard to not touch himself. He instantly understood why John had placed his hand how he had. Sherlock was adamant that he’d listen.
too much that was certain. He groaned as he felt John’s deft stubby fingers slip further in. Just his skin and the water. John was whispering to him, but his body was buzzing. Sherlock was blissed out. The only things of import were the filthiness of John’s knowledgeable hand and the air in his lungs. Even the air was becoming secondary. The steam clung to them both as John ran his beard where he could along Sherlock’s chest still murmuring to him in a language he couldn’t
“No. No one.” John was rolling his foreskin over the head of his cock now and it was marvelous. “Not even what you are doing now, sir.”
Sherlock Holmes was standing five cars down from me, staring at me. In horror. His face was a mask of shock, mirroring mine. But of more immediate importance was the dark blue Nissan Qishan that I had narrowly missed yesterday skidding, tires locked and squealing against the brakes, swerving without traction; the ice of the parking lot making it impossible for Philip to stop. It was going to hit my Mini, and I was standing between them with my keys still in my hands and knapsack barely slung over my shoulder. I didn't even have time to close my eyes.
“Sherlock, look, this is going to be hell. All of it.” John placed his hand once again over Sherlock’s. “Shoulder remember. I know, alright. Come on, there’s a lad.” He offered Sherlock the opening of a soft vest. “See, I’ve got you.”
His gaze became appraising. "It is. You though, you are... a mystery." he said slowly. “I'd be willing to bet that you're suffering more than you let anyone see. Am I wrong?"
"And you moved all the way here so that she could travel with him," He said it as an assumption again, not a question. “Give your sister a little better life with a homophobe not around As he would be more likely to leave her at home as she is female and he's more likely to be blind to her sexual preferences. Does your mother know?”
They continued through breakfast in comfortable company half listening to other conversations flow around them; it had begun to impress Sherlock. How everyone seemed to chatter amongst one another about hair styles and newest surgical methods all in the same breath. He'd never tell anyone, but they almost surprised him. People had always been so drab; so boring. Most here were other than they were trying to ignore the reality yet immersing themselves just enough to always be at the ready.
“So is that why you like your hair a bit long? We all thought it was because you wished to appear more... androgynous?”
“Beautiful, clever you, to want to please me,” John kissed his jaw, his beard tickling at the lobe of his ear. Their eyes locked on one another. “Do you want this, so soon? I would wait-”
“There you are!” John enveloped him in a short half hug which he was certainly not prepared for. The touch set him on the other side of warm and feeling very alive. It bolted through him, leaving him rooted to the spot for a few seconds until his mind caught back up. John had noticed. Sh’loc  tilted his head minutely in answer to the appraisal he was receiving.
“Alright. Alright, love.” John sat up a bit and placed Sherlock’s hands around to his belt. “Undo me then I’ll undress us.”
Sherlock closed his incense holder and gracefully got to his feet, joining John in one of the low comfortable chairs close to the fire. He picked up his cup and sipped, giving John the small quip of a smile. They shared the comfortable silence, punctuated only by softer words or an agreeable noise in answer, and ate the small meal John had prepared for them both.
"Childish, allowing your emotions to be so transparent. Tell me, will we have a 'happy announcement' by the end of your holiday together?"
His modesty may be lost at this time, but he still could not stop the rise of colour. The blush on Sherlock’s cheeks made them a mottled red. “Is this to-”
“She was here taking vitals while you were out in the hall with my surgeon, then proceeded to make herself at home with
"John?" Sherlock laid his chest back towards me, but shifted the rest of himself to the side. Lacing our finger together he sighed. "I hope I haven't pushed-"
"Upset her?" Sh'loc seethed internally at the mere suggestion. "It was you that upset her, even though she accepted your choice."
John had been trying to figure out where, exactly, Sherlock was from. His friend had remained rather quiet on the subject which was just making him all the more curious. He wanted to really get to know the abrasive posh idiot; really know him.
That's when I noticed the still, figure leaning against a car becoming quickly drenched- Sherlock was leaning against the front door of an silver Audi A3, three cars down from me, and staring intently in my direction. I swiftly looked away and threw the mini into reverse, almost hitting a bright blue Nissan Qushqai in my haste. Lucky for the other student, I stomped on the brake in time. It was just the sort of car that might make scrap of my Mini. I took a deep breath, looked out the other side of my car, and cautiously pulled out again. I stared straight ahead as I passed the Audi, but I swear I saw him laughing.
Now, I want to address something very quickly. If you are new to insertable toys, PLEASE be careful. Talk to the people that work at the shop they will help you and are knowledgeable. If purchasing online, please do so from a reputable source. You don't want bits breaking off and then a trip to the hospital.
“Practically spot on, actually. I did leave my military career, but chose fairly quickly not to marry. To used to being a bachelor and other reasons I am sure you were too polite to mention when you were... doing what you did. Are you sure I couldn’t persuade you into a career in medicine?”
“Another way? I do not see another option in this case. I do hope that I may be able to dissolve what is there as soon as this visit is over,  it was beneficial for a time to remain ‘engaged’. Children of Vulcan rarely confide  in one another until after the bonding is completed, but Ir’ene and I- we both agreed that for a time it would be agreeable. Even if we had been married,” Sherlock stopped his words to breathe deeply. “but I digress. Little is known as of this moment.”
I sighed. “Confused.” Why was I explaining this to him? He continued to stare at me with obvious curiosity. “He thought I was confused, but I’m not, I know who I am. She’s... well I hope both her and my sister are happy.”
"Oh," she gasped. "Molly had told me- I hadn't believed it though." Her eyes narrowed just a bit as she spoke, obviously feeling superior. "You're carrying a torch for Sherlock Holmes, aren't you? Didn't take you for a poofter."
As Philip left, a smile now on his face, I closed my eyes and pressed my fingers to my temples, trying to ignore the oncoming headache. Mr Gregson began talking. I couldn't concentrate, but tried to give it a go anyway. I sighed and opened my eyes just to meet Sherlock's.
He nodded, but I felt him beginning to withdraw. "You need to tend to that. I need to go home. Now."
"Where are the rest of your family?" I had realised then that I hadn't noticed the Landrover outside, and really only Sherlock and his parents must be home. "Will they be here later?"
John blinked at this information that was so easily stated. How was it possible that Sherlock would not be welcomed? Yes, his abrasiveness could be off putting, but it was not malicious. It was just Vulcan. The non-touching and swift statement of fact was ingrained. Maybe he understood, being partially empathic himself, how it could feel to have someone else’s emotions tangle within you. John had to keep everything firmly tamped down while at the Academy, and he knew he would. What would it be like though to never be touched? Not even incidentally?
“I have a flat. It is small, thin walled and... miserable.” Sherlock rolled his shoulders forward. “I can’t even do any experiments, notes. Not even blue-tack.” He made sure to sound sad, not sullen. This was a fine line to walk, he knew, but every bit of what he was saying was truth. “Here, well at least I can revise in peace and work on cases and not be-”
“Not ill, I wanted to... please you. Especially after... being. And then I knew I had made the correct decision when I received your gift, John. I knew.” Sherlock shifted again, the pressure of John’s hand was doing things to him, as innocent as the touch was. All he could think about was the illicitness of his knickers and the insertable. The soft moan escaped him before he could cut it off.
We all stood then, and I felt another rush of embarrassment at my reaction, but swiftly shoved it to the side. At least the rest of the family hadn't been in there to witness it.
Sh’loc wondered if his brother had set him up a residence there. Most likely, given his penchant for ‘covering all the bases’ as Molly Hooper would state in their labs as they worked. He wondered how the study group of John’s had come to envelop so much of his time as well, but it kept his mind busy, so that was enough. If he chose not to look more closely as to why he’d chosen to work with the other students, it was his prerogative. Though, the-
“Sir?” His chuckle was warm too. “How about I refresh this pot and we have a chat about finding you here?”
Sherlock looked her over. Willowy, long sable hair up in regulatory bun, clever, knows how to move what where, but not motivated by greed. Little personal gain involved. Children. Oldest sibling. Works with some sort of fiber often.
"Then what do you want, Sherlock?" I asked, keeping my eyes closed; it was easier to talk to him coherently that way.
He was fine. Mentally intact. Just mentally drained due to his body needing so much diverted to heal. Soon enough, he’d be back to full running speed and the oddness would pass.
The mugger in front of him was wearing a still of the hall on his head and was brandishing quite a large gun. Why does this shit happen to him? All of the crazy, none of the fun anymore it seemed. Twitchy flicked a random finger. Good thing the damn gun had it’s safety engaged.
“Sherlock. Stop it.” He came over to him and sat on the coffee table. Placing his tea back on the tray, he took Sherlock’s as well before taking his hands. “You,” John hesitated a moment before speaking again. “You don’t believe that, do you?”
it been since he last slept? “I don’t go out with... the others. Just studies.” He felt his cheeks flush as he caught the book before it could hit the carpet. “I’m sorry, sir.”
The next day, I was surprised that Sally wasn't her usual gushing over her asking Philip. She was silent as she walked by my side between classes, and I was afraid to ask her why. If he'd turned her down, I was the last person she would want to tell knowing I'd go set him straight.
It was absolutely silent for one long second before the screaming began. I was sure that everyone had their mobiles out or were running toward the administration building for help. It was bedlam. But more clearly than all the yelling, all the noise, I could hear Sherlock Holmes' low, frantic voice in my ear.
“Back?” He huffed what was supposed to be a laugh. “Where could I have gone? That nurse was in here watching over me... as if I could walk in my current situation?”
Sh’loc pulled the lightly woven jumper over his long sleeved thermal undershirt and looked himself over in the mirror. John had said casual and absolutely no uniform, even the casual wear one. He had only rolled his eyes when his bunk mate had turned away. He’d already used the downstairs communal kitchen to prepare the Kimchi the night before, so there would only be the preparation of the Bibimbap. Sh’loc gathered his items that he had carefully rinsed and stored the night before and set off, food and wine (which was a surprise for John) in hand.
Sherlock went silent for a little while before voicing something they both had been thinking, but that neither had yet brought up. His voice was quiet, almost too quiet for Mycroft to have heard, hadn't he known what Sherlock was saying. "They won't sell us together."
"He seems independent the way slaves usually aren't. It's more like he'd become a slave recently, actually. He's obedient, but not submissive. We ate breakfast together this morning, and it was more like talking with a friend than a slave."
He knew he was being inconsistent, and that it must have confused Holmes. Treating him as a human being made him feel like a human being, but he wasn't. It was just so easy to forget at times.
Holmes was nowhere to be seen when John opened the door. He tried calling, but the slave did not show up. After stepping further into his flat, it became clear that Holmes wasn't in the flat at all. Cursing under his breath he wobbled around the single room, unrealistically hoping the slave would magically turn up. He didn't.
"Even an idiot should see that", he spat out when the Detective Inspector reassured that people would be as safe as they wanted to be. The clip ended and the news anchor moved on to the next topic.
"Honestly..." his master muttered, accepting the mug. He set it aside. "You're slipping. I talked with Mrs Hudson the other day, and Billy's the age where he starts rebelling and you should be an example. She shouldn't need to deal with that."
"Enlighten me then", John requested mockingly. "Why do you think they weren't suicides? All the news say they killed themselves in the same way."
But by the next night nothing had come out of it. John hadn't expected a torrent of enquires, given that the site was full of adverts, but he'd thought surely he'd get at least one.
A sly smile unlike anything John had ever seen on a slave appeared on his face and the man swung the umbrella twice. "It's my business to know."
"Please, I don't want to be sold," Sherlock begged. Somewhere at the back of his mind, he was aware that he was near hyperventilating and that he should calm down. "Don't send me away, mistress. I beg you, mistress, don't do this. Please, I love it here, I love you..! Please."
Holmes’s face was unimpressed. There was something about his piercing eyes that made even a soldier like John feel a little uneasy. Not that he was planning on letting Holmes know that, so he held his gaze until the slave shrugged and turned to the window again. It was about power balance, he could tell. For some reason years in enslavement hadn’t made him submissive and John had seen it immediately when the man had been brought in to the office. The way he’d stood and stared at the wall, enduring the humiliating process without batting an eye, even mildly defying the handler. Most slaves on sale kept their head bowed down and were uneasy unless they were primarily bed slaves or even actual sex slaves, used to the nakedness even in public. Holmes, on the other hand, was clearly already testing his new master, trying to intimidate him with his unslave-like behaviour.
He tried to look at it like mistress had said. The best way he could now serve them was to be sold to a new owner. He loved his current owners, didn't he? It was his duty to serve them the best he could. He wanted to serve them, didn't he? He was worth 25,000 pounds. Like mistress had said, he should be proud of himself. He should be happy.
The words, painfully familiar, rang in Sherlock's ears automatically. Repeated by him countless of times to different masters and not once had he believed them. He would never believe them. His purpose, his
”Yes, I gather that from the fact that you are here”, the woman whose office he had entered said. She stood up to shake his hand. ”Joan Bruce. Please, have a seat.”
Sherlock watched in silence as Mycroft stripped everything off swiftly in silence and neatly folded his clothes in to the bag. He didn't know what to do or say, either. How could Mycroft be so calm when he felt like exploding? His eyes burned with tears he didn't want to shed. He hated this,
Mrs Spedding then proceeded to ask him a variety of things from what he did in his daily life to his education, all in French. It went on for a good ten minutes until she seemed to have asked all she wanted to know and was more than convinced that Sherlock did indeed speak the language.
Holmes snatched away the mobile before he could refuse and was immediately typing a number from memory. The phone was dialling almost immediately. Someone at the other end picked up after several rings and then, out of nowhere, Holmes's entire composure changed. He had yet to see his slave this animate as he suddenly had become.
That broke Jeff Hope into a conceited smile. "Aneurism," he told, tapping his right temple. "Right here. Any breath could be my last."
"Doctor John Watson", the man stepping out of the car greeted. He was tall, considerably taller than John was, dressed in what was perhaps the most well-tailored piece of clothing he'd ever seen on anyone. In his hand the man held a black umbrella and for a moment he leant on it very much in the same fashion John often leant on his cane. The man's face wore a pleasant smile, but despite of it something about him was exceedingly off-putting.
Sherlock nodded. Agencies would take commission and there'd be a sign up fee. "Any free site for classified ads works."
He still thought he ought to turn around and return the slave when they stepped out of the building. The slave followed John in silence to the bus stop, only a few paces behind him. The previous bus had just left, John could see it waiting at the traffic lights, but the next one pulled to the stop within a minute. They climbed in and just when John swiped his brand new Oyster card, an alarm went off at the doors behind him.
"Hang on a second", John exclaimed, still having absolutely no idea of what their exchange had been about. The woman met his eyes briefly and handed the phone back to her slave.
To this day, Greg had no idea what had triggered it, but one moment everything was perfectly alright –the next he heard Sherlock screaming and the slave was on the ground, his owner viciously kicking him. His owner had been so violent, so enraged it took both him and Anderson to drag the man away from Sherlock.
Sherlock lifted up his head enough to see the cabbie portentously reach in the left pocket of his cardigan and placed a small, sealed glass bottle on the table. Inside was a single white capsule. Sherlock didn't feel impressed and rested his forehead against the table again.
The orders snapped Sherlock back to reality. If John noticed the excited sparkle in his eyes disappear, he never commented on it. He probably didn't. Just one more idiot to serve, after all. "Yes, master."
Of course, he had recovered quickly and caused a scene, but nevertheless. And the shape he'd been in tonight when they'd found him. Sherlock hadn't even known him at first. Greg had never seen him in such intense state of horror. Whatever had happened to him during the past few years (America was it?) had changed him.
Once they realised Sherlock was silently sobbing, it made the matters even worse. So much so that eventually Mummy reached out to slap her husband.
"More or less", Holmes replied. John hit his ankle with his cane to remind him he was no mister. The slave ignored him and the boy had already dashed back in, calling for his mistress.
"Yes, but he's not here now." The car moved immediately after the door closed. A click of the locks made it painfully obvious that he was trapped. The wall between the back of the car and the driver had been risen, and John realised there was a camera in each corner of it.
The conversation moved on. He learnt that Mike was now a married man with children. They exchanged phone numbers and John agreed to see him again some time over a pint. Mike promised to ask around Bart's if there were any vacancies or need for a substitute.
Lestrade helped him up, and one of the police slaves helped him out. By the time he got out in the crisp January night's air he was already walking straight without the other slave's support. The fact that his current weakness was caused not because of the drug in his system, but because of his mind betraying him was repulsive. No matter how normal it was, he loathed himself for letting the past affect him this way.
His second attempt was equal in its amount of success. As was the third, the fourth, the fifth... He stopped counting.
But she spoke again and gears shifted in his head to their proper positions. He hadn't imagined it. It was real. She was real. He gaped at the woman standing near the offices. When she turned and started walking away with a freeman worker, he panicked.
"Hello, Angelo," Holmes greeted with a slight bow, but didn't turn towards the man. His eyes were locked at the street outside. Angelo slammed his hands on the slave's shoulders and looked at John. "You're new."
He walked slowly, enjoying his cigarette. He had made a quick visit to Regent's Park before the shops to hear if his network of slaves and homeless people had learnt anything new. The park's slaves who acted as his informants had never stepped outside its gates, but when information travelled from mouth to mouth it hardly mattered.
"That's nice", he commented. Must be some kind of new hospitality thing he reasoned. Probably got his name from the card.
A week later Sherlock had himself successfully moved into the cartel's service. And they were going to take it down.
Sherlock would lie in his cupboard and listen, thinking that it should have been his duty to get up and offer his services for his master. Not that he had ever really done so. He hadn't needed to. His previous owners had not been shy to tell him what they wanted.
Holmes waved his hand dismissively. "It wouldn't. What my previous owners used me for is their private business and not recorded by InS or anyone else."
Sherlock bit the inside of his lip, silently praying he wouldn't get an erection. Would it be an insult if he did? What if he was supposed to get one? He held his breath, but she let go and moved on to feel his thighs and calves.
Holmes in turn shared everything he knew with Lestrade. John still knelt by body when Holmes started demanding to see the woman's suitcase, which he insisted the woman must have had, despite Lestrade firmly stating there had never been a suitcase on the property. And before John managed to get up, his slave had already dashed out of the room, still going on about a suitcase. Lestrade followed, yelling again that there had never been a suitcase.
A family slave picked them up from the hospital early in the morning. All the four slaves they had did their best to help Mycroft with funeral arrangements, but Mycroft had no time to grieve. A far bigger problem presented itself. They were left orphaned with no close relatives or family friends to step in to take care of them. While their slaves would have been more than capable of taking care of them, they were slaves and thus not eligible. He considered freeing one of them for the sole purpose of getting a guardian, but as it turned out a minor could not free a slave. Nor could an ex-slave become the legal guardian to his master, since it was the master’s responsibility to help his former slave to begin a new life.
. And it's not because you'd be against slavery, or even because I'm a man. You don't want to be called a master, because you question yourself as a slave owner. You won't hit me until I've really struck a nerve. I know you seem to think all my previous owners were abusive, but you're wrong. Most of my owners were perfectly normal people. Good, kind people. Even they hit me more than you do. You're afraid that once you start, you won't stop. You're afraid you'll go too far. Because it's happened before, hasn't it?"
Lestrade drove him back early in the evening. John had been shopping while he was away –and not just for food. A new item which Sherlock was far too familiar with had been added to his possessions. A rattan cane, one of the most common tools for punishing slaves. Sherlock wasn't surprised in the least. He told himself he wasn't disappointed, either. John had already used a belt on him and it still stung badly. Assuming he was beyond using violence against his slave was laughable.
"Holmes," his mistress barked immediately. Had she been closer, she would have certainly smacked him on the head.
"Strip," he ordered. He had to harden his heart not to feel sorry for Holmes. "Keep the stigma visible."
"You're nothing more than a slave!" John yelled, shoving at the slave violently, but Holmes didn't lose his footing. "Playing a detective because you happen to know a police officer doesn't change that!"
He decided to ignore it and limped away. He was only two streets away from home when it happened again. He paused briefly, but walked on. The ringing stopped when it became clear he wasn't answering it.
He was a bad kid, wasn't he? He still didn't understand why, but Mycroft had told him it was secret Daddy was friends with the cellist. He'd let the secret out, and Mummy and Daddy had both been angrier than he'd ever seen them. And they were both dead now. Dead because Sherlock had not known to keep his mouth shut.
"Yes, but how do you get along with him? Will he keep you? I looked into your records at the Institute and you were set to be put down."
A shiver ran through his body, but it had nothing to do with how he felt about the situation. He was fine with being shown like this as long as he kept his mind occupied with something else. The floor was cool and felt cold against his skin. He was cold, he could feel the hair rise on his arms in response to the sensation. Sherlock rested his forehead against the linoleum and closed his eyes in an attempt to relax. The two free people in the room kept talking as if he wasn’t even there. How he
The slave seemed uncertain how to react. "I'm sorry I got you involved," he apologised. "Won't happen again."
Mistress Marlowe had known a great deal about violins and had been very keen to see the one her new slave had brought with him. She hadn't meant any ill with her actions, but he hadn't seen it so at the time. He had clawed and screamed and fought like a wild animal when she took the violin.
“Here it is, Mr Watson”, she announced unnecessarily, tugging the slave’s sleeve. He yanked his arm away from her, undid the sash and shrugged the robe off his shoulders, letting it fall around his feet.
Sherlock eyed him suspiciously, though secretly he was relieved. Having rules laid out clearly would make his life significantly easier. Knowing the rules was the first step into knowing how to bend them or go around them. "Alright."
"Ask the family slaves about the lovers, they ought to know", he advised. Lestrade immediately questioned him, so irritably, but hastily Holmes explained how he'd reached the conclusion about Cardiff with a little help from the weather maps.
She meant the bankruptcy, but it was too raw and painful, too embarrassing for her to say it out loud. So Sherlock just nodded, letting her know he understood. He didn't want for her to have to say it.
He saw Ella open her mouth to argue, but before she had a chance to speak, he gestured her to wait and continued: "I'll write, I promise. Now I actually might even have something to write about."
"Perhaps," Sherlock agreed. "But my word against theirs doesn't matter. He said I should serve her and let her touch me because it was what they were paying for. I knew he was lying, of course. I didn't mean to kick him. I shouldn't have resisted in the first place."
"Neither do I," Mycroft agreed silently. For all his cleverness, Sherlock was still just a frightened little boy about to lose the last remaining person he was familiar with. And Mycroft couldn't feign much courage at the moment, either, but for Sherlock's sake he had to try. For Sherlock's sake he had to submit to this immediately, so that Sherlock would see his example and hopefully manage to adjust to his new life better.
"What do you want? Who are you?" John asked, though dreading the answer as he saw a black car pull next to the phone box and its door opening.
He tried to step away, to escape, but the cabbie's arms were around him, guiding him into the car. He tried to shout for help, but only incoherent sounds made their way out of his mouth. His tongue felt like it didn't belong in his mouth at all.
Apart from the obvious self-advertising it was like any other slave mag. The articles gave advices (
"Case?" He was momentarily at loss. "Oh yes, that case. I found it. Talk to John, it's at his flat."
"I didn't expect to survive, either," he admitted. "But I found a distraction and a convenient way to get back."
The room felt different that night. It took John a few seconds to figure out why. The unpacked boxes from the floor had disappeared, and John's books that had been there were neatly arranged in the mostly empty bookshelf. Previously only some of either Mrs Hudson's or some previous tenant's books had been the only ones there. Or perhaps some of them had belonged to the late Mr Hudson.
The next section described Holmes's physical aspects very much in the same way pedigree dogs were described: how his muscles were, the type of bone structure he had, the condition of his teeth and hair, which hand he preferred, medical history and also an embarrassingly figurative description of his sex organs and sexual performance. John skipped it entirely, not feeling like reading it while Holmes was less than ten feet away from him. Notes said Holmes had a sensitive fingers and scalp, which were considered a positive trait. After all, should he behave badly, those were excellent places to hurt him.
Sherlock's eyes averted. The slave in him resurfaced, triggered by such a simple remark. For a sickening moment, he felt he should bow down his head. Like he should be kneeling on the floor instead of sitting here. He used the moment to dig the gloves from his pockets as if that was why he looked away.
Hall C was farthest away from the main entrance, forcing the people to come through other halls. It was also considerably smaller than the others, containing only slaves between ages five and twelve. They had been arranged by sex and age, so Sherlock knew he was situated between other boys of his age, but he could not see them behind the walls. Some of the youngest ones were crying loudly whereas the older ones he had seen shedding tears were weeping in silence. But mostly the elder children were quiet, uncomfortable with their position as being items on sale, but comfortable with their fate as a slave.
"And a fine slave you got," Angelo mused, fingers digging into Holmes's shoulders. The slave shifted uneasily, but didn't try to pull away.
Holmes looked at him with a face suggesting they both knew the answer, but out loud he said: "Walking."
“Enough chatter, you’re lagging”, his handler called from the lift. She didn’t hit him. She didn’t need to. One brush of her shocker on his shoulder and Sherlock was on his knees, biting back a whimper.
Holmes got up and followed his limping master to the door, closing it behind him. When John came back after twenty-five minutes, the slave sat at the table, eating what apparently was what had remained edible of the pasta. At his arrival the slave swiftly got up to help him with the jacket once again, took the plastic bag and hurried to clear the table.
. You defied me in front of a dozen police officials. You spoke against me. I have never been so embarrassed in my life," John shouted. "You are my property, and you
Well, that wasn't very helpful either. He read a bit further about dealing with an adult slave with behavioural problems, but he learnt nothing new. It said essentially the same Holmes's personal file had said. An adult slave in general understood what it did wrong, so it should just be disciplined harder and harder until the slave would bend to its master's will. Didn't seem to have worked with Holmes so far.
Sherlock had known that master and mistress were currently a little short on cash, but it had never crossed his mind that they might consider selling his virginity. It wasn't even worth that much, considering he wasn't a female. Much more money revolved around that particular business. He had of course wondered how come either mistress or master hadn't yet seized the opportunity, but he'd only assumed, with great relief, that they weren't interested. That Hannah was enough to keep them happy in the bedroom.
"Oh..." His shoulders slumped. "Yes. Yes, of course. I'm sorry. I'll find you new business as soon as the bruise fades. Just...don't worry. I'll get the money."
Once they were out and the door had been closed behind them, the guard shoved him a black duffle bag containing all his possessions. Sherlock threw it over his shoulder and followed the woman, nodding a goodbye with a grin to the guard. The man narrowed his eyes in obvious distaste and grabbed his arm violently.
John threw the towel on the table, cursing under his breath as he stood up. "No one but me has the right to bed you. You are
"Say, you and your brother," he started. Sherlock sighed inwardly, having hoped they were past the subject already. "You don't see each other very often, do you?"
His brother got up to leave, but Mycroft grabbed his left wrist. "Look at this. This is what we are now. This number here is now your name. There's no escaping this now. Don't make things worse for yourself."
He was assured the police would handle this, there was nothing else for John to do but wait. But John of course had other plans. No one would just snatch his property and get away with it. Especially when he still wanted to give Holmes the beating of a lifetime.
Billy gasped in alarm and dropped on his knees, arms raised to protect his bowed head. "I'm sorry, sir, I'm sorry!" the boy cried. "I shouldn't have touched you."
"What about that pill? Sergeant Donovan told me. Two pills and a choice. You weren't gonna take it, were you?"
"I wish you trusted me," John spoke softly. "Maybe you were about to trust me. I don't know, I hope you were. I hope you will still trust me, one day."
"Good", the voice acknowledged and to John's astonishment, the camera turned away. "There's another one to the right, a little higher. Do you see it?"
It had been so important to get away that now that he had, he bitterly realised he had no plan. He had nowhere to go. But anywhere would be better than with the people who had bought him. With people who hurt him if he didn't do what they wanted him to do, with people who gave him orders and made him work, with people who treated him like a slave.
"For... For not...abandoning me. You realised something was wrong, alerted Lestrade, tracked me here. I don't think any of my previous owners would've cared. Or known what to do."
It had been perhaps the worst day in his life thus far. To hear that the slave had died and he had been part of it. For the first time it had fully hit him that slaves were actually living human beings. And he had just killed one.
"Go to sleep," John said softly, pushing lightly at his back. Sherlock rolled off the bed and came to his knees on the floor.
He sent the message to the last number he knew Lestrade to have used. His personal phone number hadn't been available online and Lestrade did not know of his email address or website, so he could only hope. He erased the message from the sent file, turned the mobile off vibrate and on silent mode before returning to his bed on the floor. He kept the phone on his stomach, under the blanket and settled to wait.
"I'm not getting any younger, am I? It's good to have someone around to read the small prints and pick things up from the floor. With the hip I've got, too..."
John huffed. His Holmes certainly didn't seem to think so. But he agreed that a slave's way of thinking rarely was like that of a free person such as himself. A slave's worries were much more simple in nature. Holmes, however, seemed to have retained a troubling amount of self-centred thinking for someone being enslaved for so long. Perhaps that was the source of his ill temper. He flipped back to a section he'd noticed about behavioural problems.
Then again, the life of a slave was rarely a happy one —and Sherlock was only beginning to understand how true that statement was.
thing. He loathed the small part of himself that thought he was a failure if his new master didn't want to have sex with his new property right away. Was it the cooking? Was he being punished? Getting to sleep in your master's bed was supposed to be a great privilege, wasn't it? It was often only awarded for the head slave of the house, or a personal slave. So since Dr Watson had directed him to take a nap on his bed, Sherlock had assumed... Well, not assumed he'd be "rewarded" with a privilege, certainly not, but he'd thought that naturally John would have wanted to test him. And then perhaps just let him stay, even if it was a small bed, but there wasn't anything but the floor for him to sleep on. All his previous private owners had tested him, save from the first ones, but he had of course been too young at the time.
"Nothing life threatening," the cabbie dismissed. It wasn't anything personal he said. He just liked the game.
Life rarely goes the way one imagines it would. No matter who you were when you were born, unthinkable things can happen. Sometimes life turns out better than you would have ever imagined, but sometimes... Sometimes it can go horribly wrong. Small things can turn into bigger ones, the tiniest details can determine the reality around you and turn it upside-down. The most innocent, well meant words can bring forth hell.
caught Sherlock sneaking out on the second day, but that had merely been a stroke of bad luck. Now that he had been nothing but a perfect slave ever since, almost at least, he was certain John would soon let his guard down and eventually allow him more privileges. It wouldn't take long for John to decide to allow him move more freely, he was certain of it.
"Then master should have said so. I couldn't have known that." Holmes's tone was neutral, but John could see him tense a little. Other slave might have flinched at John's tone, but not Holmes. He just stated the fact despite he'd clearly been thinking John might have actually hurt him if the bathroom wasn't sparkling. And of course, a normal slave would have started apologising the moment their master rose their voice.
”Apparently, yes”, John admitted reluctantly. After a few seconds of silence he added, for the sake of conversation: ”I didn't know they were giving slaves to veterans these days.”
John glanced at his watch. It was nearing ten already. He had an appointment with Ella at nine in the morning. Might as well go to sleep relatively early.
Holmes was like string that could snap any moment and resumed into pacing around the room despite John's numerous attempts to make him sit down and relax.
John wasn't sure what to say. He still needed to discipline Holmes, he'd said he would. When it became clear that he wasn't going to say anything, Holmes held out his hand and tugged at his trousers, looking up at him pleadingly.
"I was going to come back the same way, but seeing you had returned, the lights being on being a bit of a giveaway", Holmes shrugged, "I decided to just come through the door because there was no point in trying to get back without you noticing anymore."
"Then how did you pick them?" Sherlock pressed, hiding how pleased it made him the man was calling him Mr Holmes again.
"I'm right, aren't I?" Sherlock claimed. "Hurts worse when the truth comes from a slave, doesn't it?"
Holmes looked him under his eyebrows before leaning back into his seat and took a bite of the toast. "You've read my file."
There was uncharacteristic urgency to Mycroft's voice: "No, please. I'm seventeen on 12th. It's just two days. I can take care of him. Please, there must be something that can be done."
He didn't want to go through the events of that night, he never did, but the fleeting memories both from the dream and reality would tangle up in his head until he acknowledged them.
There was nothing to be learnt from the notes, so Sherlock had left them with the slave in Regent's Park. He could get them back later if he wanted to and it was safer to have them somewhere where John wouldn't see them. They were all written by the victims on a receipt, a burger wrapper, a five-pound note, and a torn piece of Evening Standard –all items the victims most likely had had on their person. Each death was different and each time the bodies had deliberately been left so that others of Sherlock's network would be the first to discover them.
He was sold quickly. Soon him and the others were taken back to wait for their new owners to collect them. A man came for him and he was finally allowed to dress while the auctioneer watched him very closely. A collar was tightened around his neck, not tight enough to hurt him, but tight enough for him to feel uncomfortable every time he swallowed. He hugged his bag as he was led away in a leash. The crossed the hall A, but no matter how hard Sherlock tried, he couldn't see Mycroft anywhere in the crowd. He was forced to follow the man outside with no shoes, no coat, no nothing but the shirt and trousers InS had given him. The ground was so cold he didn't resist at all being ordered to climb in the passenger seat of a van (roofs and insulations it said on the doors). He panicked when the man took his bag, but his new owner tugged at the leash, telling him to calm down. He would only put the bag behind the seats. Sherlock considered running then and there, but the man must have thought the same for he looped the leash around the headrest, forcing Sherlock to stay back against the seat or he'd strangle himself with the collar. Soon the man started the noisy car and drove him away, leaving InS and his previous life far, far behind.
Sherlock laughed. He could hear his own nervousness and it disgusted him. "What do you think? It was her birthday. She didn't want just music and one more slave to serve drinks."
"Three times before the missing episode and once after it. He's lost his rights for an emancipation contract because of it."
"Nothing, nothing", Mike assured. "I just thought they'd, you know, give you a female. Care and comfort and all that. Or did you–?"
But Holmes was smart, of course he was. Smart enough to give the right answer this time and not risk getting smacked across the face again just yet.
Sherlock remembered accompanying Mycroft to the local branch of InS to plead for their case. The office was cold and grey like the weather outside. The man they talked to was much the same.
"Nevertheless", John said firmly, determined not to let Holmes's feelings affect him. He was a slave. His feelings, while John did care for them, did not matter on this subject. "It's not like you were just thrown into it, right? They must have asked around for remaining family members."
The slave looked at him with a dubious look on his face, but didn't argue. Instead, he pulled John a chair and made his way to get him a plate.
John hummed and sipped his coffee. Just the way he liked it. "So. Your brother's a slave, too?" he inquired, trying to strike a conversation.
"I don't," Sherlock denied immediately. Too quickly. "I merely accept all the facts. We'd be free men if it weren't for me and my– ...big mouth." He was barely able to conceal his grimace at the last words.
Mycroft took support from the bed to sit down. He wasn't allowed his crutches in the cell. Yet they gave him a razor for shaving. He beckoned Sherlock to him with a grim expression. His brother came, and he took Sherlock's shoulders in his hands and looked his little brother straight in the eye.
"Easy for you to say. You might be a slave, but you've still got slaves to command. The hardest task around the house you have is to sleep with your mistress," he scorned. "Not that
John frowned, but a smile tugged at the corner of his mouth. "In that case you could try learning something from them. You didn't even put the kettle on yet."
Holmes seemed to think nothing of it. He bowed his head a little further before standing up straight.
That night Sherlock dreamt of his parents. Of the night they died, the night that had changed everything. Of happier days and Redbeard. Mycroft was there, too, though he was an adult looming over him and Sherlock still a child.
Holmes swallowed the last of his coffee. "Why shouldn't I? Although whether or not I enjoy doing things isn't important, I actually do enjoy playing the violin and doing chemical experiments. If there is a chance that something I enjoy doing could profit you financially, why should I keep you in the dark? Your financial situation is painfully obvious. You can barely afford this flat with your pension and it looks like your job hunting isn't going very well."
"Holmes, I'm still waiting!" John called over the television. Sherlock pushed the chair back to fulfil the forgotten task.
And while he didn't want to be a slave, he made a decision then. He wasn't waste of money. He would not be thrown away. He would not be replaced.
"You recently acquired a slave" the man stated instead, stepping closer and looking down to him. John would have been offended hadn't it dawned to him that with such an enormous collar the man probably wasn't even able to bow down his head very much. The slave noticed him staring the collar and tilted his head so that the metal around his throat was jabbing his chin while he spoke: "Have you found him satisfactory?"
"Because he would have killed Trevor." Holmes's fingers curled into fists as he told how his master at the time had repeatedly beaten this one slave. No matter what had happened, no matter who was at fault, this one slave always got the blame. If Holmes, or anyone, had tried to stop him or say Trevor wasn't at fault, it only got worse for everyone involved. Especially Trevor. One time it did go too far, and their master hadn't stopped even after the slave was unconscious.
"I defied you, master. I apologise. I'll prepare the coffee right away", Holmes promised, lifting his face from the carpet to test the grounds. John had not objections.
John stepped back, letting go of the man's hair. He did not take his eyes off the slave. "I'm waiting."
The first few days at their new home passed with slowly unpacking everything. Holmes was the one largely doing it, and he insisted on putting all his clothes in some specific order John didn't understand. He wouldn't have cared for colour coding his shirts, but he left Holmes to it after being frantically told multiple times that no, that particular jumper couldn't go there because of its pattern.
"Forget it", John interrupted, still angry. "You can have whatever's left of the pasta. Cereals, too, if you want. I'll go and get something from the Pakistani takeaway around the corner. Just clean up whatever mess you made first", he sighed, making a vague gesture towards the kitchenette.
John wanted to wince, but the Detective Inspector didn't seem to care or notice how the slave should have introduced them the other way around. He offered his hand to the man, and although Lestrade shook it, his attention remained on the slave.
"He's been there for two minutes now. It's him, I'm sure of it," Holmes murmured. He turned around, beckoning the waiter. "White wine, quickly! Get Angelo."
"Bit...simple. We always had to repeat orders and use simple sentences. He always arranged our shoes real neatly while we were playing. And he just loved finding chewing gum stuck under the benches. We used to make fun of him all the time. Play pranks on him and try to annoy him. He wasn't very good at his job, but it was all there was to his life. We used to beat him, just for fun. And one time..."
Even faked tears and promises to be better hadn't changed her mind. "Don't worry, I'll recommend you. InS will find a you nice new owner."
"Before my previous owner", Holmes explained, "I had been sold to Florida. Her husband owned the company that owned me. He was sentenced to death and I helped with that."
Sherlock shook his head slowly. The bridge of his nose ached with dull pain, as did his eye. It would fade.
"Lauriston Gardens!" Holmes repeated annoyedly, tossing back the phone. John barely caught it in time. "Hurry up!"
Sherlock had no memory of what those exact words had been. It wouldn't have mattered even if he had. But he remembered Mycroft's attempt to shut him up, remembered the details he'd noticed and put together like a puzzle. He had not wanted to humiliate his father and certainly not cause suffering to his mother. He just stated the fact that was now clearly obvious to him and yet no one else seemed to have noticed.
John shrugged, not really wanting to go into this. But he supposed Holmes needed to know. He was his charge now, so Holmes should know.
The realisation began to seep in even before Mrs Spedding got up and spoke: "And he's still untouched?"
Lestrade, however, objected, protesting that he already had a forensic team and that he couldn't possibly have more people touch the body. But he gave in when Holmes claimed not even the slaves of Anderson's team would agree to work with him. Now that they were just the three of them, Holmes's earlier self-confidence had returned. Had John not known, he would have never assumed the man challenging the DI into a silent staring competition was a slave. He really ought to buy the man collar.
His slave nodded and they ate a while in silence, until John opened his mouth again: "Mycroft. There's a name you don't hear every day."
"I've called 999. An ambulance is coming. So are the police, I think. Please. They'll kill me if you won't help me."
“No slaves on the bus”, the driver called, his voice dull and monotone, as if it was something he had to repeat at every second stop.
One of the white capsules lay in his arm's reach, but he had no idea which one it was. The room was spinning again, so he lay down, rested his cheek against the cold floor. The cabbie lay dead and unmoving.
Sherlock obeyed as John gently pressed the warm towel against the dried blood. Neither spoke as John cleaned his face of blood. Sherlock felt jumpy and hyper alert. John was tense, ready to snap at any given moment despite acting on his instincts as a doctor for now.
"What are they doing, where are they taking him?" he cried, tugging at his brother's arm. Mycroft turned to look down at him, his face void of any compassion.
And there was a part of him, a part that frightened him, whispering him to forget about fighting. Telling him it'd be so much easier to submit and finally,
"Me?" Mistress rarely had Sherlock serve anything. If he was not told to play, he was stuck in the kitchen preparing more refreshments and doing the dishes. Hannah was his senior and usually acted as a maid.
"I could take this as a failed escape", John threatened. "God knows you've tried that before. I've read your file."
"Sherlock, I thought you were dead!" Mycroft snapped at him. He glared at his brother, then slowly regained his composure. "I didn't expect you to survive, much less ever be back in London."
"They are your concern as a long as they are my concern," John snapped. "Should I be concerned?" he asked bemusedly.
"How do you even know this person?" John couldn't help but to ask after they had located each other again at the barriers and emerged to the street. As a slave, Holmes had been travelling in a different car. "You said you helped her."
The table was cleared and set by the time he heard the front door close with a bang and his master follow him upstairs. Sherlock knelt beside the table and waited.
He would not. No matter what happened, he would not die today. Not as a slave. Not on someone else's conditions.
"Successful career, unhappy marriage. Chances are they have at least two slaves. What do you think, master?"
John thought of it, trying to consider the slave's words, but quickly gave up with a shrug. "I don't know. A ghost?"
“But this is InS!” John exclaimed. Of course there would be people wanting to come and go with slaves!
John looked at him with dumbfound expression. Then he snorted and it turned into bubbling laughter and he laughed, laughed like hadn't laughed in months. Holmes was difficult and a git, but he was also wonderful and intelligent and
John looked at his plate and impaled a carrot with his fork before looking back at Holmes. "I assume you know what the file says."
"Sherlock, this is serious," he barked. "You'll be killed if he returns you. Please, just this once… Behave. Submit to it.
"Warned by whom?" he asked as coolly as he could, but in reality it made his blood run cold to hear someone aside from the select few to call him by his birth name. The name was on his website, but there were no photos. The cabbie shouldn't have been able to recognise him. The only advantage he seemed to currently have was that the man did not appear to know he was a slave. He pulled the coat sleeve further down to protect the stigma on his wrist.
"Because it's only an agreement for impeccable behaviour with a hope that you'll be freed at the end of it, when in reality the master can use a tiniest fault to nullify the contract. It's just a ruse get us salves behave."
"You saw him. You saw how he's like", she said with distaste. "He enjoys it. The weirder the crime, the more he likes it. He gets off on it. He
"Doesn't sound like a very quick way of making money," John sighed. "What's the best paying thing you could do?"
John eyed the documents, still not really caring enough to fully read them, still thinking he ought to cancel this and scribbled his name at the bottom. She signed them as well, added an official looking purple InS stamp on them and enclosed the other one to the archives at the back wall, and the other together with the slave’s file.
The realisation dawned on the slave's face. "Oh. I...I'm sorry, master. I didn't mean to–." Holmes cleared his throat. John wasn't sure which one of them was more mortified.
While Sherlock was fond of her, truly he was –not like a slave should adore its owner, but like a human being liked another's company– he had also come to the realisation that he couldn't stand the woman around for too long at a time. After twenty-five minutes of attempting to remain polite he snapped at her and received a surprisingly hard slap on his cheek. She left quickly, muttering to herself as she went.
He left the violin on the sofa, made his way to the kitchen, flicked on the lights, filled the kettle and dug out the finest china from the cupboard –Mrs Hudson's, no doubt. He watched the air bubbles dance violently in the blue light of the kettle, impatiently drumming his fingers against the counter as he waited. The sound of boiling water drowned every noise around him as he despaired.
"Why?" he asked. "Did I do something wrong? Wasn't I good enough? Whatever it is, I swear I'll be better. I'll work harder. I'll practice more. I'll do anything you ask. Just please,
"I don't know what you're talking about," Jeff Hope said, opening the door. Sherlock backed away as the man stepped outside.
"I'm already on my way," she told. Within a minute he was passed to the Detective Inspector. He explained the situation briefly, told him the cab number and agreed to give his username and password for the police to check on Holmes's location with the GPS tracker. By now he had the location as well and Holmes was still moving. John tried his best to both have a conversation with Lestrade and discreetly instruct the driver the right direction.
"I don't get you, Holmes, I really don't," John spoke as he undid his belt. "Your behaviour today was unacceptable, but I thought we could deal with it tomorrow. And then you just have to do this... You could've just obeyed or at least been respectful, but no. Instead you decided to defy and ignore me. I know you're tired and I'm tired, too, but
John took the invitation and sat in an armchair as she sat back on her seat as well on the other side of the desk. He smiled at her, but she didn't smile back, just typed, presumably his name. Though there ought to be dozens of John Watsons in London. He handed the document over the table and Ms Bruce took it without saying a word.
"Is. That. Understood?" John spelled out each word, grabbing the slave's curly, black hair to force him to face his owner looming over him. The slave grimaced and hissed in pain as John pulled his head by the hair, far enough to make him sit on his knees like he should've done in the first place.
But it was still several hours before it. He didn't want to go back to the flat, so he walked an hour aimlessly before deciding he could as well go see if he'd find whatever it was a new slave owner might need. He hadn't been an owner for more than a day, but he was already seeing the city differently. Most buses had an internationally known black stick-man on white background with a red collar around the neck, and an X over it, indicating no slaves were allowed to step on. Some taxis had it, too. A few shops, restaurants and buildings also had the slave banning sticker on their doors, banks and cash machines most notably. He saw many stickers with an added stick-man.
"Hello, Anderson. Long time no see", Holmes greeted mockingly, with only a slight inclination of his head. John pursed his lips, but didn't say anything. As far as he could tell, Anderson wasn't a slave, but neither him nor Lestrade were bothered by Holmes's lack of respect.
His eyes had not once left the two men in the hallway until he heard the door close above. Before the men had uttered a word he'd raised his index finger to shush them.
Wow, it'd take some time to get used to being served all the time, even in his own home. Having a personal slave somehow felt quite different than being served by an army slave. Back in the army, only some of the higher ups had had personal slaves. It was great, though. Less limping for him. Which was precisely the idea, wasn't it?
While unfortunate, it wasn't terribly uncommon for parents to sometimes sell their child or children to slavery. Especially if the father of the child had been a slave. If the mother was a slave, the child more or less automatically became a slave unless the freeman father wanted to make the child a legal person for some reason. Even free children were, in the eyes of the law, their parents' property until the age of twelve.
steal from my master," Sherlock exclaimed. He was outright lying of course. He had stolen money from his owners multiple times. Only small, unnoticeable sums over a long period of time, mostly. He'd taken more than just his owner's cash when paying for his ride to Norway. But he had not stolen the nicotine patches. And he had not stolen cash from John. Yet.
Sherlock slumped back on the seat, discreetly trying his pockets at the same time. The phone was gone. Damn it, he must have dropped it. But his gloves were there.
"The contract is nothing, but false hope to get slaves behave. The owner can back away from it ridiculously easily. Disobeying even once can be used as an excuse for the owner to call it off. No one truly wants to free their slave."
"No. I think I'll just watch the news and head for the bed," he said. He got up to move to the sitting room. "Take something if you're hungry."
"I'm sorry young man, but I cannot help you," the InS official said, shaking his balding head. Pityingly, yet firmly. "The waiting period in cases like yours is a month. That's 31 days and not a day over. You already got extra days because of the holidays. The line has to be drawn somewhere."
Sherlock shook his head. Even the short walk here had exhausted and disorientated him. "No," he simply said.
"Yes, he does seem to be missing the war," Mycroft mused. "Perhaps that's why he tolerates you. But for how long?"
"You did?" Mike sounded surprised and John couldn't blame him. He probably didn't strike as the type to buy a slave. He'd always taken pride in the fact that he could be arsed to do things himself.
John looked at him with an unreadable expression before suddenly standing up. "I'll cancel the stag do," he said.
. But the adrenalin his fit of anger had produced was wearing off and the grogginess was seeping back. "So you're dying and decided to, what, assassinate people for cash? Why?"
Sherlock commented nothing. Clearly tonight was not the night either. It should have been a relief, but instead he only felt disgustingly inadequate. "Anything you need, John?"
"Of course, yes. Sorry. You can take him back", she said. She looked down at Sherlock and for a moment their eyes met before Sherlock looked away.
"You can learn to like it," he'd been told by slaves and free people alike. They weren't completely wrong. He could often enjoy the physical aspect of it. It could feel good, but that was just his body's natural way of reacting. He could act and pretend, but he couldn't
"However, as much as I would like to take advantage of your master's generous offer, I am on a schedule," Mycroft spoke, perhaps to tactfully retreat to please his brother. He dug into his pocket, then turned to hand John a business card from a metal case. "My mistress's card. Call her, and I shall be disciplined for my intrusion. My brother is not to be blamed. Goodbye, master Watson."
"No, master. John. I didn't think it was my place to do so without your consent." He bowed subtly before obeying his order to join him at the table.
Seeing there was nothing else he could say, John had made a hasty retreat. He didn't go to his second interview. The one that would have been his "proper" job interview that could have got him back working on the medical field. He wouldn't have wanted the crappy job the unemployment office had directed him to, anyway.
Mycroft, determined to stand tall till the very end, welcomed the officials and ordered the slaves to take their coats and offer them drinks. Sherlock had never been so scared in his life as he watched the strangers invade their home.
He didn't recognise the number. Holmes leant closer to see, then snatched the mobile from his hand. "Hey–!"
"We used to play in her cupboard. It was like a cave. Harry locked me in couple of times," he told with a grimace. "I don't know how you slaves do it, I was terrified. Mum and Dad were always really angry 'cause people shouldn't play in slave cupboards."
he mused as Holmes handed him back his cane and put away his jacket. Hopefully the slave had managed to prepare something nice. John was starving. He knew his cupboards were practically empty, but there should have been enough ingredients for spaghetti with vegetables or a sauce or something. That or maybe an experimental pizza.
John nodded thoughtfully, but didn't ask what else he had been rented for. He took a pen and rolled it between his fingers.
He felt like saying sorry, but honestly, who apologised to a slave? So this slave had been used to perform oral sex, so what? Plenty of people had sex with their slaves. In fact, all people with slaves had sex with their slaves. He shouldn’t feel bad or uneasy about it. He’d known this one had had more than one previous owner,
For the first time during their one sided conversation Holmes seemed alert. "You'd move away from London?"
Sherlock accepted that his owners had power over everything in his life. At first, when he still fought and struggled, it had frightened and angered him. But he had come to realise what a comforting thing it was to be able to trust someone so completely and so unconditionally that he didn't have to fear for the decisions they made for him. With his master and mistress, he could always trust that they knew what was right. No harm would come to him if he did what they told him to do. Any mistakes he made they would correct.
"Enough, all of you", Lestrade commanded before John could tell Holmes to apologise and shut up, or before either Anderson or Donovan could add another word. "Anderson, keep everyone out for a couple of minutes. Donovan, return to your post. Holmes, you follow me."
Both had disappeared by the time John made it out of the room. He passed the man named Anderson, who stood outside the room, stroking his beard. Anderson shrugged and rolled his eyes, then entered the room with his team. John limped down the stairs as quickly as he could. Neither his slave nor DI Lestrade was anywhere to be seen. In fact, the only person at the grounds floor was a slave, and she had no idea of either's location. But she stayed to help John out of the coveralls.
But before he could go on further, the slave was up on his feet again and made a beeline to the pile of his possessions that still had no better place than the floor.
"I could've got a hundred pound fine for that," John exclaimed, slapping the side of Holmes's head. The slave brushed the spot annoyedly with his gloved hand.
"You don't need to worry about either of them," Holmes assured. "I doubt she has any interest for you. No offence. But neither really is my business, master. You are."
"Mainly that," John admitted. In his younger days he'd been to parties with rented slaves. Usually the slaves were made to wear revealing fancy dresses and were treated as kind of a group mascot. They were ordered to sing and dance, losers of games might have needed to do something to them and it had always been funny to try to get the slave say something bad about its owner. And there was always that one jerk who tried to sleep with the slave, even if the rental agreement forbade it.
He had meant to keep it civil, not beat his slave to the ground. He didn't regret the amount of force he'd used, but he hadn't meant to keep going.
Mike was too shocked for a second to start apologising and John cut him off when he did, but agreed to the offered coffee. Ten minutes later they sat down on the bench, sipping their take-aways.
"I'm not picking up a fight here, Holmes", he eventually said. "I'm just trying to...to get to know you. Like it or not, you're living with me and I'm not throwing you away."
John sighed, but followed the man outside and down the street in silence for a while. His limp slowed him down and made it hard for him to keep up with Holmes who constantly found himself several paces ahead, stopped to wait or skipped back to his master restlessly.
Holmes made a sound to acknowledge he was listening. It encouraged John to continue and soon he found himself babbling all sorts of things from his time in medical school. Holmes listened dutifully, never interrupting or showing signs of boredom. He actually even asked a few questions, though all of them concerning something technical rather than something personal. Nevertheless, John was only too happy to provide him with answers.
Holmes's file was probably the longest he'd ever seen a slave have. And far more interesting than your average one.
"You've already met him, I'm sure you already know everything there is to know about him," Sherlock said as he sat on the edge of the bed, trying to evade the topic they were heading to.
"You'll be weak as a kitten for at least another hour. I could do anything I wanted to you now, Mr Holmes."
No, absolutely not, he dismissed immediately. He would not even consider it. There were no loop holes in slavery. The laws had been perfected with hundreds of years of history. Yet people argued the laws as they were today were way too loose. He would not let any false hope seep into his heart. Whatever Mycroft's plan was, it would not include his legal freedom. He would never be freed of the stigma. He would always be a slave.
"No," Lydia said, stopping abruptly after hitting him four times. "Can't have you bruised all over on your first night with your new owners. What kind of impression would that give?"
Holmes had sat in silence on the floor with young Billy while John and Mrs Hudson negotiated the terms of the rent over a cup of tea at her flat downstairs. As Holmes had promised, the price was about the same as the one to his current flat. They'd parted with a mutual agreement that John would move in as soon as he could. All in all, he was very happy with the result.
Holmes looked at him with a raised eyebrow. "Have you ever met a free person who wouldn't have a mobile phone in today's world? Whose number would she have on the luggage tag if not her own?"
He was smacked across his face for the fourth time and first tears rolled down his cheeks. Mummy and Daddy had never hit him.
They ate their lumpy bowls of porridge in silence. It was likely to be the only meal they were to receive today. The slave rights clearly stated that a slave had the right to be fed the minimum of six meals a week. Mycroft doubted the Centre would go for anything more than seven meals a week per perso– slave.
And so John had agreed. If Holmes rather got beaten for not arriving punctually than didn't go out at all then so be it. But tonight John wanted him present.
Sherlock buried his head deeper in the pillow and pulled the duvet tighter around his body. Not explicitly, no. Subtlety had got him nowhere. John wasn't attracted to him or men in general. That shouldn't have mattered. He was a slave. His duty was to pleasure his owner, not to be loved or adored. John didn't need to find him attractive to take his enjoyment. Did John really think Sherlock would object? Even if he would, why would John care?
John looked away. Holmes would know of course if he lied, but it wouldn't really matter, would it? John's word was his law, John's truth was his truth. He eyed at the plexiglass between them and the driver. Even if the driver had heard them, he didn't seem to care.
Holmes still had the chance to be freed at some point. Attacking his owner could have very well taken away the privilege of having the right to ask for an emancipation contract for good. It could have led in deeming him dangerous and put down completely.
John's rugby pal and his slave arrived a little late on Saturday, but with the four of them they managed to empty John's flat of everything he was keeping or didn't come with the rent. Mrs Hudson's young slave was excited for the new tenant and his slave, and Billy helped with the boxes far more eagerly than Holmes did. Considering he had a slave, John wouldn't have even needed to carry the boxes himself, but it was quicker with his help. And truth to be told, he was happy to do it now that he didn't need his cane. It was incredible. Ella and Holmes had been right. There was nothing wrong with his leg. He supposed he had Holmes and his mad behaviour to thank for that.
Jeff Hope lay on the floor in a quickly forming puddle of his own blood. Across the empty cafeteria the bullet had made a neat a hole in the window, but it was difficult to see if anyone was behind the glass when it was dark outside and the room was partially lit. And whoever the shooter had been, he was probably well on his way by the time Sherlock regained his mobility.
Holmes was his property. His to use however he pleased, yes, but with certain responsibilities. John was supposed to take care of him, to keep him safe –and he had selfishly let easy money cloud his judgement. Holmes still found it hard to trust his newest master. Was there anything left of whatever fragile trust John may have earned?
He was probably coming back then. Hopefully. Still, Holmes had left the flat without his master's consent, apparently without any acceptable reason.
John sighed heavily. He had meant to relax, not worry over his financial situation. He didn't feel like getting up at all, but by now the water was only lukewarm. With some mental effort to get himself moving he finally stepped out of the bathtub. The music stopped and when he stepped into the bedroom towelling his hair dry, Holmes was ready to help a dressing gown on him. The violin was in its open case on the bed.
"It was an accident. We were kids and didn't know better. We thought it would be fun to bully my friend's pet. We dared him to do stuff. Climb trees, run past cars... I dared him to climb a roof and he fell. Steve's parents were really mad, understandably. So were mine. They had to pay Steve's parents, pet's a big investment, but the police was never involved."
"And shipped to Florida, yes, thank god for that. I would've made a terrible slave for you", Sherlock said, wrinkling his nose in distaste. "Your wife would've hated me."
Sherlock reached out his hand and the cabbie stepped closer, wrenching his arm and pushing him against the wall.
"Floor, Holmes", he ordered again, but this time emphasising his point by hitting Holmes's midriff, the back of his knees and finally his back with the cane. The slave groaned in pain, collapsed on his knees and nearly hit his head to the pavement at the last blow. And still he would not properly obey the order. Instead he held his stomach and glared at John under his unruly black hair.
indicate protection of some kind and he didn't like what that suggested. He already had one owner and John certainly wasn't the shooter.
To InS it presented a strange dilemma. Many slaves legally owned small things, but usually nothing to this scale. Whatever the instrument's true value was, it belonged to Sherlock now and would not add up to his future owner's wealth. It could affect a little to the price Sherlock would be sold at, but ultimately it had become worthless. Technically it could be worth enough for Sherlock to buy his freedom some day, but as a slave, he would be unable to sell it. Or rather, he could sell it, but he could not own money. If he were to sell it, he would have to trust the good will of his owner. Many would just take an advantage of the situation, keep the money and keep the slave, for legally it didn't bind the owner to do a thing.
"You have no job. My employer can arrange you one anywhere you'd like", she told. Her tone reminded him of a school teacher.
On the morning of 10th Sherlock knew it could very well be the last time he ever saw his brother. It would be the last time he'd see his home. He spent the morning half heartedly playing in the snow with Redbeard. The dog, oblivious to the impending doom, was the only thing that had made him smile since the New Year's Eve. Mycroft, in his desperation, had turned to the last possible source and sat indoors, phoning every single person he could think of they hadn't reached out to yet, begging for them to help. When he ran out of even vaguely familiar people, he began picking numbers from the phone book by random. Sherlock entertained himself a while by flipping through the pages and pointing out people: "They have a nice name. Call them."
"We need to establish some rules", he said as soon as Holmes had sat down with his share of the breakfast.
She bit the knuckle of her left index finger thoughtfully, then shook her head. "That's too difficult, we'll go with Holmes."
Sherlock's lips twitched, but none of his dislike towards the task was audible in his dutiful “yes, master”. There weren’t a lot of them anyway. Just a couple of spoons in different sizes, two forks, a knife, three mugs and a plate. His master seemed to prefer take away straight from the package. He took his time nevertheless. He’d much rather wash cutlery than a toilet on his first day in his new home.
It could mean literally that –get under the covers and move when the master wanted to sleep. Small children liked their bed already body temperature in winter. Hot water bottles worked as well, but a human body spread the warmth more evenly. Sherlock had loved it when he was child.
Wiggling his fingers nervously John chose one of the buildings at random and tried the door. When it opened easily, he ran inside, shouting for his slave. No reply came, but John kept calling as he tried doors and looked into classrooms and offices. His footsteps echoed in the empty corridors.
"I-I knew that." God, he didn't want Mycroft to see how disappointed he was. How naïvely he had believed Mycroft was here to take him away.
"I should discipline you", John said in hopes to intimidate him. It sounded weak even to his own ears.
Not a week had gone by when he was already replaced and Sherlock looked at the replacement, thinking how easily it had been done. How easily it could happen to him. Mistress complained he didn't take his tutoring seriously enough. She said he was lazy and waste of money. That maybe it would be better to sell him while he was still young and worth the amount they'd paid for him.
be worse," John warned, giving what he hoped to be a threatening glance towards the cane on the floor. "You've been winding me up since day one. Well now you've won. I've had it. I've no more patience left to deal with you. This has been long due, I should've done this already.
The driver sighed. “There are several on this route, there’s one driving right before me, you just missed it.”
Holmes obliged in silence, once again like a proper slave should. His face betrayed no emotion and he kept his eyes cast down, stoically waiting for his master's next action. Another man might have beaten him with a stick until he was a whimpering mess for what he had just done, but not John, even if a part of him wanted to do exactly that. Someone probably had done it in the past and it hadn't changed Holmes's behaviour for better.
"I've been asked to go", Holmes cut him off. "By Detective Inspector Lestrade of Scotland Yard. I texted him a while ago to let him know I'm in London again."
No, no. Holmes didn't have any money and his ID chip hadn't been synced with his card. It would probably be for the best to never sync it. He hadn't even had any time to renew Holmes's right to legally carry money.
Sherlock huffed dryly. He hadn't energy left to argue. Instead he asked: "What about you? Are you alright?"
"Nicotine patches. Yes. They help me think," Holmes snapped defensively and pulled his arm free, challenging his master's authority with his act and a defiant look.
He found her sitting alone on a bench outside the warehouse. It was dangerously close to the main gates for Sherlock to be, but he cared little of that right now. He set the box aside and promptly walked to her.
"He's fine, he's just had a few," the cabbie assured a bystander and shoved Sherlock onto the taxi's floor.
Sherlock gave Mycroft an equally judging look from head to toe. His brother was certainly well-off for a slave.
John let go and Holmes's gaze sunk back to the floor. He clapped his hands slowly in a mocking applause. "Well done. Just one more thing."
He didn’t get to choose, but considering the circumstances, he was quite positive it would be a female. He was an invalided soldier. They probably thought he needed someone gentle to take care of him. Not that he was complaining. He imagined a young blonde, girl-next-door type of a slave. A little shy, but eager to please and make a good first impression on her new owner. There would be sex tonight. John didn’t waste time on thinking he’d be the slave’s first owner, but he actually preferred it that way. His thoughts drifted to the dark skinned slave girl back in Afghanistan. Her name...John wasn’t sure if she’d had a name. Whatever the soldier chose, probably. She’d liked John, had been sad to see him leave. John regretted he’d been too much in physical pain to have one last night with her.
His reasons were always the same. He wished to communicate and meet with "other slaves" as he himself put it. So far he had managed to arrive back punctually only once. At best, he was late by anything between five minutes to half an hour. At worst –hours. The record so far was over eight hours and the only explanation John got was "I lost the track of time". Holmes's GPS record revealed him going all across London and beyond, and often to completely different places he'd said he was going. How exactly he did that, John had no idea. Holmes swore he was not using John's money. Every time John asked, the only offered explanation was "plans changed" and stoic submission to any discipline John deemed proper. They'd worked out a system for that by now.
"It's none of your business," Sherlock cut him off. He didn't want Mycroft's help, didn't want his brother to stick his nose into this and potentially get on the bad side of his mistress because of him. Chances were the collar last time had been because of him. Their entire unfortunate situation was because of him.
John paid and stepped out of the taxi. This was where the GPS signal had led him. His phone battery would run out any minute now, but at least the dot indicating Holmes's location had been stationary for many minutes now. He hoped it didn't indicate the slave was dead.
"I texted you just to let you know I'm available again and told you not to contact me on that number unless absolutely necessary. Clearly something's changed. What is it?"
"That's unfortunate." Mike shrugged. "And strange. An army guy like you, one would think they'd provide you with a nice girl to take care of you."
"Why?" John asked confusedly. He would have thought a slave so eager for freedom would have jumped at the opportunity.
John rolled his eyes. "Oh, just admit it. You're grumpy because with all your escape attempts you lost your rights to plead for emancipation. If you hadn't messed up, you'd still have a way out."
He stretched his arms the best he could while lying on the lower bunk before sitting up and twisting his neck until it gave a satisfying crack.
John nearly choked on his own tongue at the exchange. Holmes's behaviour was outrageous, and thus technically it meant John's was, too, since he was the owner. Holmes was just his extension, and what Holmes said or did were his responsibility.
John laughed, but it wasn't mocking or belittling. "No. That–that was good. You were right. It was fun."
The door which Holmes had opened led to a sitting room with two tall windows facing the street. The room looked like it had been renovated and not touched since. The wallpapers were modern and stylish, the furniture cozy, but a mishmash of this and that. The other door from the landing, he realised, led into the kitchen that was joined to the sitting room. A full size kitchen compared to his current one. Holmes led him to a short corridor that led to a bathroom and a bedroom, both of them probably added to the house later by knocking down a wall.
with his cast on display, only six people had stopped to seriously ask about him. Despite his injury and overweight his price range had been set high due to his education.
John left his tea mug on the table and undid his belt. "No need to take your shirt off, just pull it up and lower your head", he instructed.
John wetted his lips and straightened his back. "My father was charged for beating up a slave to death. He was drunk."
"You missed your appointment with your therapist, master", Holmes informed him as he served the breakfast. "She tried calling you several times."
Holmes looked away. "He was put down. Our master said he wouldn't pay for his treatment. It would've been inhumane to kick him out of the hospital with his injuries."
John started to make his way back home, stopping only to buy some essentials. More shopping would require Holmes to carry the bags. As he was paying, something very strange happened. He could swear that for a moment, instead of his total, the cash register read HELLO JOHN.
"John Watson", he finally said, stepping closer and extending his hand. She looked at him, face passive apart from a tiniest smirk at the corner of her mouth.
"Okay, slow down," Lestrade urged, fearing the slave would start hyperventilating. "No one's accusing you of a murder. Your new owner called, reported you missing. Sort of. Come on, I'll get you out of here. You can explain what happened after your head's cleared up a bit."
"I am not done with you", he hissed at the slave. Holmes stared back at his angry smile. For a moment John feared the slave would defy him again, but Holmes cast down his eyes.
"Well, yes, my gut says they are, but the evidence..." He looked desperate, and explained how absolutely nothing seemed to point towards a killer. Holmes disagreed, then made a little happy dance and a joyous declaration of how he loved serial killers.
"Thank you, mistress", Sherlock sighed in relief. He took her hand with his own shaky one to kiss her knuckles like it was done back home. A formal apology. It felt like the right thing to do, despite that the old him would have never done so willingly. As strange as it was, it felt infinitely good to touch someone like this. Here he never touched another human being. The only times anyone ever touched him were to hurt him.
“Thanks”, Dr Watson muttered. After sipping the tea and a while of silence he added: “I guess you could do the dishes next.”
Holmes took a deep breath and breathed out slowly before repeating in a much calmer tone: "My purpose is to serve."
Sherlock heard him the first time, but the voice was far away. It came from beyond his mind palace and went forgotten the moment he chose to ignore it. Somewhere at the back of his mind he made a note that John had stopped drumming his fingers on the table.
"Because he thinks being clever is enough to make him human. Because he will never accept what he is and submit to it like he should. And that makes him dangerous", she told, entirely serious. "I'd be very careful if I were you, or the body we'll find will be yours after he's killed you in your sleep."
, he thought. He wouldn't be like that. Holmes would never have to suffer again because of an unfair, cruel owner.
"Alright, do that. Take some of my clothes for the bag if you need. Yours I guess might not be enough."
It didn't sound like mercy to Sherlock, but perhaps it was kinder than the alternative of being donated for medical research. He died only little after a week. Killed himself with household chemicals. It wasn't the suicide that bothered Sherlock the most, but how the free people seemed annoyed that he had dared to end his life while he would've still been useful to them. The sheer injustice of it all filled him with resigned anger, sorrow and fear.
"Yes, I understand." Holmes paused for half a second before forcing the word out of his mouth: "Master."
"How does that prove anything? We don't know anything about their lives, only what's been said on the papers. Most suicides come as a shock."
John searched the upper floor, then ran back down, skipping steps as he did. He pushed the front door open, shoulder first and strode towards the twin building when a noise that haunted his dreams pierced the air. He lunged towards the nearest cover, but even as he did he realised he wasn't the target. The sound seemed to have come from the back of the college.
"Tell me, Holmes", he started, walking to his slave. Holmes flinched barely noticeably, then visibly braced himself for whatever he assumed John would do.
How long had he been unconscious? Where was he? He tried to look out of the window and figure out, but his eyes couldn't focus on anything moving.
. A fucking year of near picture perfect slave and then his mistress sold him because she grew bored of him?
With even greater reluctancy Holmes pulled out a full package of them and marched to the kitchen to toss it all in the bin.
Holmes came to the kitchen's doorway holding the recipe book John had bought him. Holmes had warned he'd never been responsible for preparing food before, but so far he'd done well.
"There's been a fourth", Holmes said and steepled his hand under his nose. A wide smile spread on his face.
He wished he had never seen it. He dreamt of being chained and whipped for weeks, startling awake to ghost pain and pounding heart.
She went on: "How about your living arrangements? You don't live well. Just a word and a penthouse by the Thames can be arranged. A job at any of the hospitals in London? It can be done. Or if this island is too small for you, just name your favourite country. A beach house in Thailand? How about New York? All of that? And of course, the Institute will give you a new slave, but if one isn't enough... What's your favourite brand?" She paused to think for a second.
Jeff Hope shrugged. "It's open and the cleaners are about to leave. In my profession you get to know these things."
"Please..." He didn't know what else to say. How could his mistress do this to him? He had been loyal. He had stopped with the pointless escape attempts because he had nowhere else to go. He had become obedient because it was better than being beaten every day. He had learnt to adore her, he had loved his lessons and schooling. He had worked hard to make his owners proud and like him.
Unless of course John decided he didn't mind renting his slave. It was easy money after all. And if he did...how long until John decided sex wasn't off-limits? Sex with his masters Sherlock could still take, but if he were to be rented to strangers it would be much too like The Oyster House. Just the godawful hen party he'd done had brought back too many unpleasant memories. Stag dos were much the same and John had one lined up for him.
Sherlock rustled open the plastic bag that had been on the seat as Lestrade went on about what his team knew of previous night's events. As promised, Lestrade had bought him new gloves. They weren't anything as expensive as the ones he had had before, but they were genuine leather, and he was pleased to notice they went far enough to cover his number and barcode. John wouldn't notice the difference.
He went to see mattresses, but cringed at their price. Maybe some other day. He probably couldn't even get one home by himself and couldn't afford to have it brought in a van. He hadn't been in London for long and already his finances were running low. At this rate he'd have to move out of London within a few months. He really needed a job if he wished to stay, the army pension wasn't even nearly enough to sustain living here.
Sherlock shook his head. "I don't know, I wasn't there. John said someone offered him money in exchange for me. I assumed–"
"You've had abusive owners, though, haven't you? You said they wouldn't give you to anyone with history."
An idea began to form in Sherlock's mind. A plan to get them both away. Dangerous, of course, but his life was already dangerous. Even just suggesting it was potentially dangerous. If he was wrong about Mrs Hudson and the lengths she'd be willing to go, she could have him killed for disloyalty. Even if she agreed, standing up against a drug cartel could easily get them both killed, him especially since Mr Hudson had every legal right to kill him should he want to.
, a silent voice at the back of his mind suggested, but John dismissed the idea. Holmes's ID-chip had led him here.
But, as it turned out, the police and the crime scene investigators had no patience for children. Much less so for a slave. He'd lost count on how many times he'd been brought home in slave cuffs –and so had his mistress.
," he emphasised by almost making his index finger and thumb touch, "close to beating you until you are unconscious, so
"Right... Anderson, keep everyone away, Donovan return to your post", Lestrade repeated. "Doctor Watson, this way, please."
His hand reached to pause the footage as the car's door slammed closed, and his employee turned to look at one of the cameras.
is proper thinking. You're a genius!" he praised. "You should update more often. Though you can't after tonight, can you?"
"Yes", John gasped, gripping the shopping bag. His heart was pounding and the blood was rushing in his ears, yet he was calm and his senses were alert. The second camera turned away.
Mummy and Daddy began arguing in hushed tones, and the moment their tones reached the point they started to attract attention they both left the hall.
His exclamation finally had some effect on the man. Holmes sighed irritably and steepled his hands under his chin. He hummed.
You did not rent your personal slave to strangers for sex. You just didn't. People might rather rent privately owned slaves than go to a slave club or get an escort, but he might as well be whoring himself. "Excluding that."
Sherlock had never felt so alone. Too late he realised he hadn't even wished Mycroft a happy birthday. Not that it was a very happy one.
"First of all, everything I've already said still stands. You get up in the morning with me, preferably earlier, if you can. You make the breakfast while I'm using the bathroom. You can eat with me –actually you can always expect to eat with me unless I tell you otherwise. I'm not going to starve you, so I'm fine with you eating more than once a day, six times a week. It's your job to take care of the dishes and keep the kitchen clean. Keeping everything clean and neat is your job, and I expect you to keep the flat in order without me needing to specifically tell you every time. I don't really care what you do while I'm out. You can sleep or watch the telly, but I don't want you to go out without letting me know, alright?"
"You haven't offended me", John assured the slave. He sighed. "Look, I've got to see my therapist in the morning, and it's been a long day. Use the bathroom if you need to, and I'll see if I have anything that could be used to make you a bed."
–" John shook his head. He couldn't really get mad, not with how absurd the situation was. Holmes was smirking at him and joined him in laughter a moment later.
"Right...um. After I'm done, you can get yourself ready. You must be hungry. I can take care of the breakfast today. You can sleep on the bed again and take care of the dishes later."
What if this was the final straw and John would return him? Or worse –keep him and never rent him again. Mrs Hudson was generous with the rent because Sherlock had helped her bring down her husband's cartel, but there were limits to her generosity. If John couldn't afford living in London, he'd be forced to move elsewhere.
"I know a lot of people," he replied vaguely. He may not have had friends, but he had acquaintances from all levels of life. He knew slaves whose entire world was the building they tended to, and people who would sell even their own families to make profit. He'd met murderers and blackmailers, slavers and thieves. Not all of them he would help, but it was beneficial to know them.
Mycroft didn't even turn back to look at Sherlock. "I'll visit again if I can," he said quietly and crossed the road.
"You'd be happier if you did," his master pointed out. "Because like it or not, you are. What you do –it's...amazing. I've said it before and you are, you're brilliant. But it won't change the fact that you are a slave.
Awkward silence fell into the room. At least it felt awkward for John up until Holmes's stomach growled loudly. The slave bit his lip and looked away. He was tired and hungry. He hadn't dared to sleep should he not wake up before his owner, and the only thing he'd had to fill his stomach was water. Even that he hadn't drank much so that he wouldn't need to use the toilet later. While he didn't think master Watson to be anything like his seventh owner had been, he still didn't know him well enough to say for sure how he would act when angered enough. And tonight had not been the night he wanted to find out if something like flushing a toilet in the middle of the night was something to make him snap. He'd been extremely careful with the tap and shower, too, using only minimal amount of water to not make any noise.
