and Dean’s whimper to let him know that John’s belt had made contact.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean’s prognosis didn’t look good. The doctors had informed Mary and Bobby that the chances of Dean waking up were slim, and that even if he did, he would have permanent brain damage.
“Oh, just filling some orders,” she said, gesturing to everything laid out on the table in front of her from small jars and dried herbs to charms and leather strings. “Mostly protection spells, stuff like that.”
“It’s fine,” Claire worked to even her breathing, Miracle nudging her nose into Claire’s hand. “Just give me a heads up next time.”
“No. No, absolutely not. Jack is wonderful, very much like his mother and almost nothing like his father. It’s just that he… struggles to control his powers, and as I am no longer an angel, sometimes I have difficulty explaining the intangible concepts to him.”
Dean nodded, moving to the refrigerator, “‘Course you can.”
Castiel nodded, walking over to Dean’s body. He held his hands above Dean’s head, yellow light emanating from his palms as the various cuts and bruises on Dean’s body slowly vanished. Sam, Mary and Jo stood back nervously, half-convinced that it wouldn’t work. Dean awoke with a choke, gagging against the trach tube. Castiel removed it gingerly, helping Dean sit up with a hand on his shoulder.
“So are you going to come to Sioux Falls with us to help with the remodel?” Dean asked
“What dogs, Jack?” Cas asked, turning to better face his son.
Luckily, the three of them left her alone for the next few hours, but just around dinner time, there was a timid knock on her door. Claire got off her bed slowly, watching the door. That had to be Jack, neither Cas nor Dean knocked like that. She crossed the small space and unlocked the door and, just as she thought, Jack was standing there.
Bobby storms out of the house, the door slams behind him, “John Winchester, you son of a bitch -”  John stomps down the porch steps and turns back toward him, glint in his eye.
John Winchester has a bullet in his brain.  John Winchester is laid out on the gravel in front of Bobby’s front porch steps and there is a bright splotch of red against the grey landscape of November.  He can still hear the wind chimes in the distance.  Bobby thinks wildly that maybe he should get some wind chimes.  Then he thinks that if anybody is going to stick around and haunt him, it’s gonna be John Winchester.  He thinks that he needs a really big fire.  He puts the gun back where it’d been leaning, and goes inside to call Rufus.
“It is not any of your concern,” Cas said, voice tight.
“And Dean always goes on about how proud of you he is. I’ve heard him brag to other hunters all the time about how well you’re doing. And they’re letting you stay in the bunker. They could have gotten you back to Sioux Falls if they wanted, but they want you here,” Jack paused. “Sorry, that’s a lot. Dean says I need to work on my delivery.”
Dean woke up far earlier than he needed to, anxious about Jack’s training with Rowena, though he wouldn’t admit it. He knew that he needed to be confident to alleviate Cas’ obvious worry. He smiled at his boyfriend’s sleeping form, pressing a kiss to his temple as he crawled out of bed. He knew that Cas wouldn’t be awake for the next few hours at least. After millenia of never sleeping, the former angel couldn’t seem to get enough of it as a human.
“It’s okay, Cas,” Claire shook her head. “I’m a big girl, I can deal with some stitches. It’s not like it’ll be the first time.” Cas just looked at her sadly. Claire knew he still felt guilty for everything that went down - essentially kidnapping her dad and his subsequent death, and then essentially dragging her into the hunting lifestyle. But she had made her peace with it a long time ago. Cas could never replace her actual dad, but he tried, and that’s what mattered to her.
“Yeah, actually, I do think I’m better than you. I think that you spent the last twenty years grieving over a woman without actually doing anything to move on. I think that instead of being a father you became a drill sergeant. And I think that we would have been better off if it was you that died in that fire instead of Mom,” Sam snarled and before Dean could mean, John’s fist met Sam’s jaw, knocking him into the wall with a grunt.
Claire nodded, “If Mrs. Singer says it’s okay, yeah. I don’t know much about renovation, but…”
Before Dean could say anything in thanks, the other demon had thrown Castiel over their head and away from them. Dean watched in horror as Cas’ entire body wrapped around a utility pole with too many
“I don’t think he does,” Cas interrupted before John could even think about responding.
” Sam hissed, “These are deities - Greek, Roman, Egyptian, Nordic...were you really going to shoot Artemis with the Colt?”
The man, Castiel, smiled, ”It was never the will of Heaven for you to die, Samuel. Heaven has plans for you, and my orders were to rescue you. You don’t belong in Hell, for right now, you belong on Earth.”
“He will likely be the hardest to find,” Cas said. “We should focus our efforts on finding Famine first.” The two men agreed and soon they were finished, Dean dropping some cash on the table before they walked out.
“What is that supposed to mean?”
Sam laughed, “Don’t worry, the Men of Letters were fucking loaded, we’ve got you covered in that department.”
Dean took a deep breath, steeling himself, “Cas isn’t going to do anything until I call him back. He wanted to make sure we both got a chance to, you know…” he trailed off.
“Shit, you can cook ‘em up each a protection spell if you’re worried.  I got the stuff for it here, anyway,” Bobby replied.
“Pretty bad, huh?” Claire smirked a little.
“Bobby, we have to move,” Dean said, grabbing the older man’s forearm. “Now!” The pair of them took off down the stairs just as the girls rushed forward. Dean snatched up one of the fire pokers and turned, swinging it through the girls, causing them to dissipate into the air. “We don’t have much time, we have to figure out what’s going on.”
“He did? I was betting on another year before he let you join,” Claire shrugged. “Tell me about it.”
Nodding, Cas leaned up to press a chaste kiss to Dean’s cheek, “It’ll be okay, I promise.”
“What the fuck do you need,” Sam asked, voice heavy with sleep.
“Hey Bela,” Dean said quietly, not wanting to scare her.
Claire pressed a kiss to Kaia’s temple, “I am so excited for our future together.”
“Cute?” Castiel tilted his head to look up at Dean.
“Sam, why don’t you go pick up dinner?” Dean suggested. “Get some fresh air.” All three men were silent for a long moment before Sam scoffed and yanked the door open, slamming it behind him with a deafening thud. Dean turned to look at his father, the older man glowering at him. Dean swallowed thickly and tried to relax his body. “We’re all just wound up with this case. He just needed a breather.”
“Yes, each soul in Heaven is given their own…small piece of it, you could say. And in that piece, they live through their happiest and most joyful memories.”
“So, what are we looking for, exactly?” Dean asked, turning towards the others.
“Let me,” Cas said, holding out his hand, “Angel strength is far superior to that of humans.”
Sam patted his jacket, making sure that the Colt was in his pocket before he reentered the room to join in the confrontation.
Without a good reason to argue, Dean just nodded, and so Cas went into their bedroom to pack his bag, rolling his eyes at the situation he had gotten himself into. He could hear the sounds of the Winchester brothers arguing with John again, Dean’s voice hard as he said “You be nice to him. Don’t put your shit on him. You have a problem, you take it up with
Dean cut him off, “I don’t want to risk it, Cas. He could hurt you, I don’t want you taking that change. You gotta… do what you have to.”
Dean and Cas stared at the young man, who had yet to take his eyes off Castiel. “Jack?” Cas said tentatively, using the name that Kelly had picked out.
Cas zipped up his duffel, “If he doesn’t keep his mouth shut, I’m not the one you should be worried about.”
Bobby
“Alright, kiddo, sorry,” Dean grabbed the next gift, which was Jack’s. Jack, and Claire wasn’t sure if he was just that lucky or he used his powers, had found a signed first edition Kurt Vonnegut novel. Claire’s gift wasn’t quite so rare, it was a leather journal with Dean’s initials embossed in the corner.
“What do I do?” Dean whispered brokenly, keeping his eyes up toward the sky. “What do I do when I see her again?”
He kept one of his arms around her, but he turned slightly so that he could yell, “Everyone, get in here now!”
Eventually, all the demons had been incapacitated one way or another and only Sam, Dean, and War were left standing. “You boys do put on quite the show,” War said, giving them a condescending slow clap. “But time is up.”
“Not really, not unless we were looking for something for a case,” Jack said. “Why? Did you want to?”
“It was not safe for me to remain an infant,” Jack explained, walking forward to stand only a few feet away from Cas and Dean. “Where is my mother?”
“It’s not gonna happen, Gabe,” said Dean in a tone that suggested it would be better not to argue with him.
“Oh fuck! Am I dead? Shit! Am I in
“Maybe one day,” Claire replied, “But today isn’t that day.”
“I can try! I’m only just starting that so I might not be able to do it,” Jack said and closed his eyes, sitting up a bit straighter as he concentrated. A moment later, Kaia and Claire were gasping loudly.
“Have you ever had a beer, Jack?” Claire asked with a devious smile.
“We’ll call Cas,” Dean said. “Have him come with us. He’s got more firepower than all of us combined.” Mary sighed but conceded to the compromise. “Alright, we’ll get packed and on the road.”
That night, Dean was already in bed reading a book by the time Cas joined him, the former angel collapsing onto the mattress.
A few days after John’s death, the brothers decided to pay a visit to Bobby, both to explain the situation, and to get some comfort from the only real father figure they’d had.
“Similar to how you address your car as Baby,” Cas said, causing Dean to smirk a little.
“Well, that’s my choice to make,” Claire snapped. “I’m fine to go hunt, my leg is better.”
“Guys, what if this is Famine?” Sam asked suddenly, sitting up straighter in the passenger seat,  “And it’s not just food that people are hungry for? Maybe it’s like… people overindulge on the one thing they’re craving? Maybe Famine is somehow able to corrupt the spell that Cupid put on them.”
“Are we going to continue our conversation from before you left Sioux Falls?” Cas asked bluntly as he sat next to Dean. “You seemed very upset with me. I assumed it was because we were no longer sharing our evening chats.”
“Tell him what you told me,
“I remember every single minute, Bela,” Sam whispered, closing the distance between them so they were practically standing chest to chest. “I’m sorry - I’m sorry I couldn’t save you too. If I had known what was happening, where I was going when the angels grabbed me, I would have brought you with me.”
It didn’t take long for Jack to discover that his powers were useful in many ways. He knew that he could transport himself anywhere he wanted, he knew that he could make things explode, and he knew that he could read minds. What he didn’t know, was how to use those powers in the way he wanted and when he wanted, instead of at random.
“Yeah, Mom, I am. I think that would help a lot,” Sam admitted, letting his family pull him into a tight hug.
As soon as they arrived home, Jack led the dog to the kitchen. “What do dogs eat?” he asked his dads as they followed him.
“And who are you?” John glanced over lazily, taking a swig from his bottle.
At that, the man slid into the booth next to Sam. He beckoned for a waitress and when she walked over, he ordered enough breakfast food to feed at least 5 people. After the waitress walked away, he turned back to Dean, “Let me just get to the point here, I know what you’ve done to my brothers and I know why you’ve done it, but you’re not going to do that to me.”
“Yeah,” Sam said. “Bela, she...she showed up.”
Sam breathed a laugh, “I wanted to see if it would work. Can you… you can heal him, right?”
Sam and Bela went out to get pizza, since none of the local joints were able to deliver to the bunker. Once Jack had a moment to himself, he healed his injuries and went over to speak with Claire.
“Do you need me to come get you?” Cas asked urgently, and she could hear rustling over the line. He was probably already getting out of bed.
“He needs to practice -”
“Now, Sam!” Sam lunged forward and grabbed Pestilence’s hand, holding it flat on the desk with Ruby’s knife poised right above it.
“That is a good thing?” Castiel asked, furrowing his brows.
Dean’s ears were ringing and his shoulder was throbbing.
“But not as strong as you,” Sam whispered. “If it had been either of you-”
Everyone turned to Cas when he spoke up, “Back before the situation with Metatron, Heaven was very rigid. Orders came down from the authorities, and it was our job to follow them. Naomi led the sector that was responsible for...reprogramming those who dared to disobey orders.”
“Yeah we got that, who did you see?” Dean asked, stepping closer to his mom. Mary glanced at him and swallowed heavily.
Dean nodded, pulling out his phone. Sam went back inside, leaving his brother to call his boyfriend in private.
Dean stepped out of the bathroom, John hastily packing his bag while Sam watched. “What’s going on?” Dean asked, looking between the two.
“Well, what is this?” John Winchester’s voice made Claire’s heart sink to her stomach while simultaneously making her want to punch him in the face.
“Good thing you can give me that then, isn’t it?” Bela carded her hands through Sam’s ever growing hair. “I love you too.” She leaned in to kiss him again, clutching tight as he walked them over to their couch and dropped onto it so she was straddling his lap. They made out lazily on the couch for a long while, without the intent to take it any further - both too tired from moving in over the past few days.
“Do you know why he’s there?” she asked, not waiting for an answer, “I heard the threat - or the
“It’s so stupid, I know it’s fucking stupid,” she said, not looking up at Kaia, but knowing that she was listening regardless.
“Huh,” Dean muttered, lost in thought. “That’s not half bad.” Mary just smiled and patted Dean’s knee. While she wasn’t so sure of Castiel, what his motives were and where his loyalties truly lied, she was glad to see Dean allowing himself to be open with someone that was outside of their family - something he had struggled with his entire life. “Ready to kick some demon ass?”
“We’ve got a lot to get done but Cas promised to keep him away until we text him,” Claire said. “Let’s decorate and then we’ll start baking.” She grabbed the bags of decorations she ordered off Amazon from her room and dumped them on the library table. Everything was pink, purple, and blue. Claire knew that Dean wasn’t super outspoken about his sexuality and that it was because his dad was a homophobic asshole would have beat the shit out of Dean for liking guys, so she wanted to give him a celebration he deserved while not having that be the focus of the party.
Soon, the activity concludes with a short spar which Castiel inevitably wins despite going easy on his opponent. Usually, he would at least push his teammate a little since it is in his best interest that the men are trained up well, but what he is currently lacking is an opponent of equal or more skill. However, Michael is kept busy and only after reaching a satisfactory grin on his face does he allow the next part of their lesson to continue.
Quick Sabriel chapter
“Did you seriously just get your ass kicked? Or did you just feel sorry for them and let them win? Either way, you better start explaining why I now have to pick you up off the floor. I was going to stop by and say hello, you know make sure you aren’t standing off to the side like a loner, but I’m certain Michael wouldn’t let that happen anyway. I had a spare minute but as soon as I get here, you boys are packing up early, so what happened? You guys set your sticks aflame again in all that feistiness you all got piled up in there or what?” Anna lists off in one breath.
Observing the men in the hall below, he sees many already beyond drunk and he wonders if there will even be anyone sober left by the end of the night. In addition to this, as the insignificant tickle of a bell is sounded, he also sees some of the Lawrencians are quick to punch the loud Edenish soldiers to silence who are not yet familiar with the custom, causing said laughter to die in a fit of sputtering coughs as the increasingly louder ringing causes King John to ascend above them all. A blanket of deadly silence falls over the hall, sealing all secrets within just like the heavily barricaded double doors.
“Anyway, there’s no harm done if I show that I’m interested, right? Hopefully Dad might think it’s a suitable match and then there won’t be any need to pawn me off like a chess piece.” Castiel throws her a look. “Fine, I know what you’re going to say. That I’m too young, but Caasss,” she emphasises the name with a long whine, “I’m going to turn sixteen next month. Dad promised that he was going to start looking for suitors.” Her bottom lip protrudes, accentuating the pouting face of the moody teen before him. Cas is determined to not give in so easily.
Lifting his weapon high into the air, his strong, thick muscles wield the sword in a rapid, sharp blow, landing heavily on Castiel’s forearm. Unprepared, Castiel reels back in mesmerised fascination. Gape in awe is all he can do as the prince delivers blow after blow to the cobblestones just inches beside Castiel’s laying form. Clashing wood with stone resounds throughout the open space, splintering into Castiel’s face and Dean’s arm melds as one with the sword as he thrusts into the ground with ultimate precision, enough to scare Castiel into freezing up. He doesn’t stop until he is heaving gulps of air, shoulders running in an up and downwards motion and wiping sweat off his brow. It seems as though everybody else is in just as much shock as Castiel, having stopped practising to witness the awesome display of aptness and power presented by the infamous prince. Not a word is breathed as silence envelopes the once noisy yard and the pair of princes are the center of attention again as all eyes turn to those responsible. Unfortunately, that also means attracting the attention of Michael who hurriedly steps through the gathering crowd, and Castiel battles with the thought of whether this is a blessing or a curse.
“It wasn’t that bad... okay maybe I was a little drunk but that doesn’t mean you can’t have some fun in your life every once in a while. Besides, what are you gonna do?”
The secret was just meant to live in their inner family circle, but as much as he hates that people are nosy and cannot keep to themselves, he feels oddly glad that it came out to the public earlier on rather than later in his life. He knows that people like to talk, always gossiping about the state of his health; it’s just at times confusing. I mean, it’s not even like it was that bad. It was a depressing point in his life, not acting “crazy” like his mother at all, but the uneducated townsfolk as always seem to have their own opinion on everything. It has come to Castiel’s attention that he has also come to terms with what he is seen as in society, what his true form looks like under the scrutiny of the public eye, and he is at peace with himself. He can deny and abuse and scream his lungs out until he is starved of air but that won’t do any good. It won’t change the past. It won’t change people’s opinions of him. It won’t change anything.
Shaking his head, Sam tries to discreetly rid himself of delving into the deeper meaning behind that sentence. “Great idea, you should go talk to Castiel about it. I mean, you only approached Anna, right?”
That would certainly not be princely behaviour and as much as he may hate someone, he knows to put all differences aside when striving to be a moral host.
For the first half hour, he is bored stiff, only practising the correct positions and holds, retraining the muscle into contracting at all the right places and warming them up for the real deal. He is paired with a Samandriel, whom he is convinced doesn’t know how to hold a real sword, never mind swing it, but he gladly shows him how to handle the weapon correctly anyway. More than once he is convinced he feels a pair of eyes on him, but when he turns to face the crowd, it appears to be merely an illusion.
Sheepishly, he clearly distressed prince raises the palm of one hand to the back of his neck. Rubbing back and forth, he hastily spurts out “Well, we kinda have this tradition going, where the king is the one to escort the guests on the first night of the arrival for a massive feast in the great hall, but since my father is a bit busy, he put me in charge of taking care of you lot. And well, uh, I’ve come to get you, unless you wish to be escorted by guards? That could be arranged. I-“
“Look, I know it’s wrong, but you can’t stop me from seeing him. And don’t tell father,” she begs, “I’ll do anything just to keep him in the dark.” Quietly, she adds as an afterthought, “He’s just a friend anyway.”
“Some other time, kiddo,” Gabriel huffs, “come on, I gotta take you home so dear old daddy won’t start worrying.”
Sure, Dean is glad to be of any help he can to make his new guests as comfortable as possible but he is still curious as to how this even came about, I mean, he has got to ask just to make sure.
But it is gone too quick, gone like the wind. Dean is the first to turn away, leaving Castiel as cold as ice in his wake. It is the precise moment when reality hits him in full speed like a train heading full force down a track of spurning. The point when Cas finally realises the true mistake, the one who was truly in the wrong here was him. The crushing denial that this shared memory never happened between them, never came to the surface of their world. A withered seed in the infertile soil never to bloom again.
Anna talks to Cas for a while, but eventually the group succumbs to a spacious, open, sheltered balcony which overlooks the sunny gardens and luscious green meadows beyond, sporting many hilltops and mountain range far on the horizon. The two siblings walk up to the railing together, looking out over the edge and admiring the breath-taking view. He must admit, Lawrence truly is beautiful in its own, northern way and nothing can change that, he recalls, as he is left in shock and adoration.
Heaving a loaded sigh, Castiel faces his nuisance of a brother, and waits expectantly for what is surely another crude joke. Surprisingly, that indeed is not the case.
“I see Castiel so intoxicated that he is struggling to walk and, you know, would you let him out again to wander the halls like that?”
“Yeah, about that... Dad wants us to make nice with the Novaks. Said it would help to get to know them a little better since some of them are going to be coming with us to battle and leading some of our men. They are siblings of seven, Michael being the eldest, he is going to lead a large portion of the Edenish since I heard he is really strategic and won the Battle of Winterhell at the age of fourteen when they invaded their land at the time when Chuck was indisposed of. In fact –“
“Of course I don’t mind, my prince.”
Further down the table he sees the King in deep discussion with his father, undoubtedly about war tactics, Michael being one of the few trusted with dad’s plans, so that is why he is seated next to Chuck, who looks over for his son’s approval every once in a while. On King John’s side follow his two sons who seem to be talking – even laughing with an older man of higher status than a normal lord. Upon closer inspection, the man brandishes a shiny, metal pin on his chest stating that he must be John’s loyal and most trustworthy advisor.
“You not coming, Sam?” inquires Castiel. “I thought you had to.”
“Michael is already ruling the Southern Isles. It’s a surprise that he actually agreed with this invasion, but he has a strong economy and trusted members in court to take care of his people while he is away. And Uriel? You know he is a sissy and is going to complain. Why he always sticks like glue to father’s side I will never understand. And would you trust Balthazar to seize some faraway lands, half a world away, on some expedition he will undoubtedly mess up somewhere along the way? Yeah, me either.”
Castiel doesn’t even realise how much time has passed – it could be seconds, minutes, hours – when Prince Dean graciously steps back, clearing his dry throat and saying, “Right, uh, lets um... go then.”
, he bets. It’s not like anybody cares about his opinion or actually wants to talk to him other than out of pity or they have been told they have to out of courtesy.
Now it was Castiel’s turn to roll his eyes but he luckily refrained from saying any more as to not crush the innocent child’s dreams. She is too precious for this cruel and dangerous world.
A general consensus and a chorus of replies such as “yes, your Royal Highness” satisfy both men as they walk away in the direction of the castle, but not before John spares a glance at his eldest and with a rough grunt gestures to the general vicinity of the others.
“Welcome hither, all” Dean raises his hand in a way of warm greeting. “As you probably already know, I am Prince Dean of Winchester and this is my brother, Prince Samuel. We are honored to have you visit the Kingdom of Lawrence and would be delighted if we could personally show you to your rooms, and grant a tour the castle. We hope you enjoy your stay.”
Surely as expected, Michael halts the processions and calls out, “Right lads, time to switch it up a bit, don’t ya think? Swap partners!”
The following day is spent under the scrutiny and watchful eye of Anna Novak. In all honesty, he isn’t that much surprised. She is a protective sister, just reinforcing that committed role, and Dean would have done the same. Well, maybe except her complete disregard for his painful attempts at apologising and making it right. On her part, it’s a little exaggerated but once this girl gets an idea in her head, she doesn’t let go.
Sam just rolls his eyes at that and gives him a reproachful look. Understanding that probably a change of topic is best, he tries again with less enthusiasm, desperate to send his brother away so they may have some alone time once again. Usually, Castiel isn’t one to crush other people’s dreams, but it doesn’t look like that might happen any time soon.
“Of course, it would be my pleasure to host the Edenish under my roof. And yes, I agree that this is the opportune time to discuss our plans before we send our armies away. Therefore,” John raises his voice enough to be heard over the clamor and clanging of the folk flooding the city gate and busying around behind the addressed. “My princes and princesses, I would like you to meet my two sons, Dean and Sam, who will be hosting you for the time being whilst your father and I discuss matters of import.”
Further down the tapered, lower floor corridor are two more rooms fashioned for Balthazar and Anna. They are a little smaller than that of Michael and Uriel’s but superior because no other building is obstructing the afternoon light as it comes in through the significantly larger windows. The two siblings walk into their allocated terrain, but not before taking a moment to say their goodbyes. Balthazar being the idiot that he is, walks up to Gabriel at the door frame and salutes a “so long, partner” like he is going off to war. Behind them, a low tired voice mutters “save your remarks for the real deal.” Gabriel, ever the comedian, wipes fake tears from his cheeks.
“Okay, so as you know, last night there was a lot of wine and somehow Cas decided it would be a smart idea to go heavy on the drinks despite having been told not to and prior promising that he wasn’t going to drink more than a cup.”
Out of breath, Sam barely manages to puff out, “that was amazing. Let’s do it again!”
The most he could do is stare even though all his nerve endings and senses screamed to stop and be polite, he couldn’t help but wonder that this room gave him a sense of feeling, a purpose. It was handing him the reigns of its golden chariot of sunlight streaked with wheels of fire, a message of trust vividly interwoven with subtle hints of hope that he will protect. Castiel cannot help but pay his due respects and promise back.
Before him through a set of heavy double doors lies the Winchester throne room. If he had thought the outside decorations were pleasing to look at, this interior chamber was glamorous and captivating in its own way. The room blared a shine of mesmerising, golden beauty so overwhelming that there was suddenly too much on his plate.
Anyway, the point is, as much as he would love to pursue his interests with somebody else, he knows it will never come true. What is more problematic is that he hardly is able to hold onto a good friendship anyway, which is what is worrying with the Winchester brothers. Sure, he likes to think that tonight had been great and he had made some actual progress with becoming somewhat acquaintances with both of them, but he is afraid he doesn’t know for how long that will last. It’s concerning him that he could as well make a fool of himself or some unforgivable action and once more deter anymore friendship out of this Lawrencian family.
Resolutely, Castiel humbly accepts the fate that has been built around him, for it is very unlikely to change. His legacy will forever be the Lonely Prince, who will live out his years imprisoned in a high tower like the truly “mentally-ill” person he is. He will be alone for eternity. Everyone always leaves him.
“That’s what I’ve been trying to tell you, Cas. I’ve been trying to get you alone because no matter how hard I try I can’t get past Anna, she won’t let me talk to you or her for that matter. Please, hear me out.” If they weren’t currently occupied with the activity, it wouldn’t be hard to imagine Dean begging on his knees. With a strained grunt, Cas lowers his weapon, a general consensus for Dean to continue  making his point. “Alright, so you’ve probably already heard my apology but I’m sorry, I truly am. I was wrong to have made that assumption and I see that now. I went to your sister Anael and she said she would pass it on for me, my apology that is, but I guess I should have known better. And there is nothing between us for that matter.”
“I mean, aren’t you happy for your own brother, Sam?” The stress on the direct address sets something very personal in his mind; Castiel can literally see his thrown brain working, cogs turning, questions burning. Sam is shocked into silence but Castiel has the higher ground and like the tactical leader that he is, he doesn’t plan on stopping now.
Because that’s what it is, right? Rejection, regret and denial.
“I thought I could be the one to take you.”
“Luckily I get away with it. You both have fun.”Sam calls over his shoulder as he turns away to walk in the other direction.
“What’s with the long face, brother?”
“No thanks,” Castiel quietly replies under his breath, cringing. A clearing of a throat shakes his train of thought away as another voice announces its presence.
The prince doesn’t even let him finish the sentence before he is stuttering out a long list of “no,no,no” ‘s accompanied with a look of utter shock and fright.
“Not without being suspicious or wanting something out of the exchange. I know you too well, Gabriel.”
“Whatever. When it comes to true love, age is but a number.”
She drawls out the first syllable on her tongue in a slow, seductive growl and there is no mistake behind who her thought process could possibly be tearing apart right in this instance.  Castiel is determined to play coy and files that thought away for later.
Cas felt a pinch at his chest from the memory, before letting out a deep breath. The perks of being alone, you only had to worry about yourself. When he was still with his older brothers, it brought the security of trust, but the stress about losing them was hellish.
“Yes,” Ketch said. “That's how you put it. However, I didn’t realize how much the buyer wanted those guns until a couple of days ago. And now, I’m in his debt, as he paid upfront.”
Dean crouched down, grabbing the ladder from a crack in the foundation. He gave a quick look down at the street to check for patrols, before setting it down, making a path across the street to an abandoned building.
Dean could feel his heart pound in his chest. Travelling into a massive city like that with contraband was suicide, if he even managed to survive getting to California. He had survived for years outside of Boston, but the memories were something Dean tried to shove to the back of his mind. Just because he had survived didn’t mean he was proud of what he did
Dean was careful as he stepped off the ladder onto the unstable foundation. The building was a perfect hiding spot for when the military went to raid people’s homes for contraband or to find fugitives of the law. Vines had wrapped around just about every inch of the warehouse, and plants peeped out of it’s cracks and holes. The one disadvantage, it couldn’t hold the weight of more than two people on top. Which is why it was Dean’s favorite hiding spot, since not a soul knew about it.
The complex analogies and wishful thinking is enough to send him into a swirling haze of messy thoughts and headaches. That’s enough thinking for one night, so he decides to head to his room because it is already past late.
There is a bright, golden glow emitting from a slither under the frame, so Castiel hopes to find Anna in case he accidentally misjudged the room to be someone else’s in his alcohol induced haze. Mustering up the courage, he straightens his posture as to look as sober as possible and he raps three long hard knocks on the plank’s centre.
“Jeez, Sam. I thought you were supposed to be on my side. You were complaining not a moment ago.”
So logically, the wise King John called out to the neighboring lands to seek the much needed aid that Lawrence was in dire demand of if they were to so much as stand a slim chance at getting through this war.
"But-"
Dean prayed to the Gods that it was as efficient of an introductory reception as he thought it was, and that it would suffice. He hoped he didn’t come across as too informal since it wouldn’t help to scare the visitants upon arrival, so he had decided to settle for a friendly, conversational tone. He was not looking for them to become “besties”, but Dean was confident that his superior acting skills alone would manage to trick these fools into some form of obedience and decency. Nobody will disrespect the Winchester family on his watch, Dean mentally affirms as he glances at Uriel.
"I said I don't want to hear it,
“Yeah, yeah, I get it.” He really didn’t. Why did his Dad always give him the worst jobs? One thing he definitely knows though is that these are going to be some excruciatingly long months.
“You’re cruel, did you know that?”
Only once the heavy oak door shuts tightly, like a wax seal, engulfing their secrets within, does he approach the topic of conversation.
For it is true. A fact - one Castiel cannot deny. He has spent his entire life phasing through paths of righteousness, only to be let down by this world each time. The judgemental glares, the whispered comments, the appalling faces of disgust. It’s unfair. It’s unjust and horrible to be cast down by society, just for one’s family history. Sometimes, despite being a royal, he feels like he is treated like the worst scum in the city, a burden to society. Especially today since their arrival in Lawrence, he has received so many looks of pure disgust he should be ashamed. But at least back in Eden, the people seemed to accept him, seemed to ignore him as a way of dealing with the problem which in all reality was more than he could have hoped for. Yet the rumours about The Prince with the Runaway Mind seem to have reached this land fairly quickly, desperate to not leave any details out despite his father’s best efforts in disguising them and burying the lies within the deep layers of the earth.
He eventually settled on a long, sapphire blue tunic beaded with silver gemstones and shiny pearls clasped with a black belt; an accurate embodiment of the starry night sky outside his window already chasing away the straggling, remaining embers of dusk. It matched his eyes. Naomi always said it brought out their sparkle.
My apologies for the anti-climatic ending there. I am writing this as best I can :((
“So, uh, Prince
Stepping into the bathroom, he shoves the towel in an empty basin near the washing station grumpily strutting into the centre of the room. Looking around, it is a rather spacious bathroom, one Castiel thinks is way too generous for a guest. He also notices that the tub is already full with searing, scented water, probably reserved for Anna but out of the goodness of her heart she must have given up her ‘me-time’ for him. Castiel feels a sly smirk work its way onto his face as he proceeds to lock the door and strip the wine-stained clothes from his aching body. As he lowers his sore, aching flesh and allows himself to loosen his tired, aching muscles, he shuts his eyes to the world and lets the worries of his world drift off into the water, lets the heat sap all the pain away, as he floats into a meditating headspace, one he hasn’t realised he needed until now. Words can hardly describe the high, care-free feeling of having no worries or objections to worry about, to finally let go of the burdens of today and the days to come in the short hour that he can spend by himself. The time passes too quickly before the water has turned cold, and the candle is just a mere stub glued to the dish, the flame dangerously close to snuffing out as it flickers its guttering flame every second, a sure warning that he has already spent too long in there. He really can’t help it. Castiel makes haste with drying and changing for bed.
And to say Cas thought he had everything under control is laughable. Now it’s just becoming a much stranger day by the hour, and even more confusing is Dean’s behaviour. Why won’t he just quit his efforts? If Dean isn’t giving in then Castiel certainly won’t give in either.
“So, what’s the news?” Sam asks, breaking the tense silence. Confusion settles across Cas’ face until realisation clicks into place and fear replaces his eyes. Immediately
We'll be back to the main plot and Destiel next... strap in, it's going to be a long haul ;)
“Dean, maybe it’s better if you accompany the guests. Less reason for Dad to get on your back.”
“That wasn’t complaining, Jerk, it’s called examining the evidence and testifying whether the client’s case is valid or otherwise. I was merely practicing and exposing my skillful attorney side.”
Screaming. He can hear screaming coming from far away, then the harsh slam of a door and fast, repetitive thudding. That’s all he can register before he is thrust into reality, the excruciating noise preventing him from returning to his dazzling, azure dreams. Seriously, they really need to soundproof the walls. Upon closer inspection of this surreal event, it seemed to come from around this side of the castle, but sound travels and besides, it’s early dawn when not a single life form dares disrupt the stillness of the dewy morning so he would hear it even from the other side of the city. Maybe he shouldn’t trust his own judgement. He should be used to it by now, it’s not like anyone does.
Dean walks five steps before turning around once again distracted, and Castiel has to refrain from rolling his eyes as he wonders if he will even succeed in getting this stranger into bed. It’s usually easier than this, but then again, he would be using other methods... Who knew it was so hard to put Princes to bed? No wonder Chuck gave up a long time ago.
“What now, Dean?” Sam replaces the heavy book upon the small stool, next to the armchair he is lounging on directly before the fire. The blooming days of summer choke out the remaining life of chilly spring but sometimes the strong season relapses in a final push before it takes its last breath and is banished for good. As Dean enters the room, he brings with him the howling winter storms in full force. A dark mood quickly settles upon the room like the frosty fallout of flakes.
It’s bizarre and Dean can’t think of a single reason as to why his two castle guests are somehow connected to the maiden.
In a sheepish expression, the prince looks down at the floor as a tint of colour blooms across his face.
If you haven't noticed already, it's a REALLY slow burn, so....
Special thanks to Alex for beta-ing the ending for me!!
. To be honest, Castiel wouldn’t know what to do with himself if he left without once sparring in that yard. On that note, maybe now is the time to ask about it.
Reproachful, Castiel gives a gloomy, sorry look to the group for their involvement in the matter, to which instead of enduring another smack on the forearm, he is met with the gentle, supportive caress from the understanding redhead. However, this just makes Dean more anxious despite having the opposite, calming effect on Castiel, because now he is just preparing for the worst. Patiently, the two brothers wait for Anna to bear the news, the final blow of the ugly truth.
Laughing giddily, they run through the castle’s corridors until they finally spring outside and find themselves stationed just at the entrance of the sparring yard. Heaving deeply, Sam doubles over with more laughter, almost suffocating from the exertion but more laughter just seems to burst out of him, triggering anyone in his vicinity. At least ten minutes must have passed by the time they settle down and can form coherent sentences again.
“At least someone is, and you’re too young for far distance travels, so it doesn’t take a genius to figure out the rest. Obviously nothing is official yet, but I just have this nagging feeling that my time has come.”
, he thinks, at least when Michael puts in good word for him to others, he gets acknowledged.
However, to His Majesty's disappointment, only one of the replies had agreed to act the savior in this time of critical emergency, and the once-friends that John had thought he had in the other realms became quite questionable.
“Well, you assumed wrong,” is Anna’s frosty retaliation, as piercing and numbing as the sharp mounds of arctic glaciers in the North. Stormily, like a vicious force of nature, she stands in a raging vex of frustration and dashes away without another word. She leaves an icy presence in her wake, leaving the three boys speechless. Sam looks incredibly uncomfortable, edgy and restlessly shifting in his seat but never knowing how to proceed. Overcoming the initial shock, Castiel stands hesitantly, torn between the choice of going after his sister or staying, but he is quick to make a decision and promptly leaves in silence. Dean follows his form until Castiel reaches the door, at which despite being free of any obstacles, there is something holding the man back. Slowly, he turns his head for a final look behind him and meets Dean’s shattered and anticipating eyes across the hall, but the hopeful blue ones are gone before Dean can react. Sam fixes his brother with a glare so intense it could set bushes aflame upon contact.
A plural groan resounds throughout the crowd as the men put away their sticks and pack up their uniforms, heading away from the place of conflict, casting gloomy looks his way in the process. Of course he is going to be the one to blame, he shouldn’t have expected anything less. Slowly, he tries getting up but accidentally slips and leans his weight on the bruised arm. He should be lucky it’s not broken, although it does feel kind of funny. He will probably check up on it later just in case. Dean doesn’t so much as glance anybody’s way as he angrily stomps away towards the castle.
He gulps for air, but its path is constrained as Castiel’s thoughts return to Anael. Worry clenches his heart as he thinks it’s all happening
“Oh trust me, I want to alright, but I have my eyes set on one in particular.”
“Ugh, don’t tell me about it.”
“No, Samantha, I don’t swing that way. I’m authentic. I’d rather find out how bad they are first hand, so I have a valid excuse in front of Dad. Now get moving and clear up that big mess of yours,” Dean says, pointing to the ever-growing pile of inks and papers sprawled across the library desk, “I expect you to find me in a few minutes, bitch.” And with that, Dean leaves the room in search of his pompous ass of a father.
“Is that a weapons shed?”Gabriel shrieks out in fascination.
There stood no other than Prince Dean Winchester.
To Castiel’s dismay, the prince only shakes his head.
“Okay, and? I mean, do you know what happened?” Sam corrects himself. Once again, Cas is hesitant in his reply.
“I’m sorry! I shouldn’t have assumed-“
“I did not.” Dean pouts whilst straightening his posture in his best efforts to look imposing. Well, as straight as he can in his current state.
At that, Sam reels back a bit in confusion as he puts on an inquiring look of disbelief as if asking to politely elaborate. Taking that as his queue, Dean proceeds to list off all the bad habits that seem to displease him. “Well for one, she is like
“Well, what intel did you find?”
At times he thinks that John was never a child, just born into this world suffocated by the mask of vengeance disguised in the form of the fatherly face he sees now. It’s not like Dean was ever a child either. Must run in the family.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Casssss,” Dean whines lifting his frail, limp head, emphasising the last syllable as if saying the whole name is an immense feat due to slurred pronunciation and tongue twisting letters indicating that he has had too much to drink. “I thought we were on a... first. name. basis,” Dean sasses, “besides, the niiiight isn’t even oooover yet.”
The King regards them in the selfsame polite manner and they meet the first princess of the Novak family. Just like the meaning behind her name, Anna is the epitome of grace. To Dean, she seems like a delicate, angelic butterfly, the wings of her dress almost too fragile as it floats to the ground beneath her, concealing her pale, lean limbs. Truthfully, she scares Dean in her own way at how calm and collected she behaves, making him afraid of bursting the bubble she seems to be floating in.
In truth, it all happened far too quickly for him to fully register what was going on. One minute he was talking to Dean and the next he is stricken to the floor. Before he has a chance to piece together the flurry of memories, a certain redhead plonks down beside him.
“And the women?”
Castiel has nothing to say to that, so he hangs his head down low and accepts the imperceptible fate upon them.
“Sorry about that, I was curious and in desperate need of a dance partner,” Dean says while chugging down a gallon of wine he had picked up along the way. He drains the cup to the last drop and leans over, swaying to each side as he fails to keep his balance.
No more words need to be spoken as Dean reluctantly steps forward with trepidation, clearing his throat of any second-guesses he might have of the group before him. They all seem to be eyeing him with a corresponding, intimidating look as they await the news of the spokesman.
“It’s probably just bruised. I promise I’ll get it checked out later. Can we just get inside now?” Cas rushes out quickly in one breath, in all hope that he can soothe the storm. He is lacking the energy to deal with any more problems right now, all the more he should just take Anna inside and escape from the world for a few minutes.
The room erupts into a roar of agreement. Satisfied at getting his point across, the King nods at Chuck and the two Kings leave the room side by side, abundantly. Upon their leave, the room fills with loud chatter once again and reverberating, cheery music fills Castiel’s ears.
, "Eden is so much more powerful than us, their army is of a vaster scale, they have more supplies, and their men are really well-trained in close combat, yet they are going to come here willingly of their own accord to help a weaker kingdom in defeating an enemy which we didn't even know about until three weeks ago, never mind Eden which lies so far south, and even then Dad didn't want to tell us until last minute about his little feud. I'm telling you, man, they are up to some shady business and we will be too blind to notice when they stab us in the back. No wonder Dad was so hesitant in his reply."
Dean opened the refrigerator and grabbed a bottle and considered offering one to Cas yet again, but decided against it. He closed the refrigerator, and stood up straight, feeling self-conscious under Cas’ gaze. “I don’t know why I can never find a bottle opener in here,” Dean muttered, surveying the drawers around him.
“To announce your presence, so you don’t scare the shit out of me?” Dean suggested with a raised eyebrow.
Cas made his way down the hallway, smiling as he heard Jack excitedly interrogate Claire and Kaia about the intricacies of life as a human. Dean was in their bedroom, rifling through his closet when Cas found him.
“I’m sorry we haven’t had the opportunity to meet yet,” Jack said, the bright smile still spread across his baby-face. “But my new duties as God don’t leave me a lot of free time. But Cas has talked about you a lot.”
“Jack,” she whimpered, drawing in a shaky breath, “He left. He said he had to go to Heaven and he told me to apologize to everyone,” she broke down again, and he pulled her close, rubbing her back.
Sam choked and gagged, trying and trying again to get a breath of clean air. He spat dirt from his mouth,  heaving as he blinked against the near blinding light. He wiped at his mouth with the back of his hand, surveying the land around him. He raised his eyebrows, noticing that every tree in the area had fallen, as if a bomb had gone off and cleared everything in the surrounding area out, and he had been the epicenter. He stretched, trying to ease the ache in his arms from digging himself out of what appeared to be his own grave.
Claire lifted up the key, looking at Cas and Dean, both of whom were openly crying now, “Is this… a car key?”
Cas nodded, “I understand. Did you have another plan in mind already?”
After Cas disappeared, Sam and Dean gathered up their things and dropped a few bills on the table. Sam sent Mary a quick text that they had found the Cupid, and they headed out to the alley behind the restaurant. Dean yelled out when a laughing, naked man tackled him in an approximation of a bear hug.
For the next few days after Jack visited, Cas and Dean were both quieter, more morose, Claire noted. It was a bit unnerving, especially for Dean. So Claire decided to make an executive decision and, for the first time in a very long time, sat down to pray.
Bobby stood at the window, staring outside without really seeing. He had been the one to text updates to the others, as the hospital staff had only allowed two people to remain in Dean’s room.
“You gonna pray to Cas or am I?” Sam asked teasingly.
“That means you won’t be tired when you get off work then,” Dean said as he leaned against the counter. Sam rolled his eyes and shoved Dean out of the way before the nurse could reply.
“That hurts my feelings,” the demon said, faking sadness. “We were two peas in a pod down in the pit.”
“John Winchester will no longer be an issue,” Jack answered. “He is not in Heaven.”
She sniffled a laugh at that, he was such a father even if he didn’t know it. “I don’t know how to do this, Dean.”
Their big break with Famine came by accident when they were investigating a case in which two couples had killed each other - one by cannibalizing each other, and one by murder-suicide. Mary and Bobby were tied up helping Jody and Donna with a different case, but intended to drive in and help out if it wasn’t already solved by the time that they were done.
“Okay,” Claire choked out, not wanting to cry again, “I gotta go. I’ll see you soon.”
“Yeah, man, our rooms share a wall,” Dean rolled his eyes. “And it killed me to not go wake you up. But you wouldn’t talk to us so I figured you would want to be left alone.” Sam just smiled gratefully at Dean.
Sam and Dean looked at each other with matching expressions of confusion and mild panic. “Evidently not,” said Death, after a prolonged pause, “When combined, our rings serve as a key to open Lucifer’s cage. You see, at first, Lilith didn’t know that her death would be the final seal, but once she found out, she desperately sought a different solution. She’s willing to die for it, but if she can help it… she’ll take the rings.”
“You sure you don’t have any Godly duties to attend to?” Claire asked, not quite sure how she felt about sitting down to watch a movie with Jack.
“I’m good, Cas,” Dean said softly, using the Angel’s help to get up off the floor. “Now lets get the fuck out of here before the fire department finds us.”
Dean frowned, “Last time you zapped me somewhere I didn’t poop for a week. It’s freaky, man.”
“It seems like I offended you in some way. I don’t quite understand the nuance of human interaction, but if I’ve hurt you, I apologize.”
“Claire,” Kaia started one evening once they had retired to their room after dinner. Now that there wasn’t an immediate threat, she knew she needed to share this, “I need to tell you something.”
“I’m good, and Jack is right. I do know what it is,” she took a deep breath, rubbing the back of her neck. “I haven’t really felt like a Novak for a long time, not since my mom disappeared, but I didn’t really have another option. I tried out Mills for a while, cause Jody is like a mom to me but it didn’t really fit either. But, I know what does fit, who I want to be.”
“How is the baby?” Sam asked. “I heard you talking?”
“Yeah, definitely quiet,” Dean whispered, both of them pausing as they heard a crash come from deeper in the building. They followed the noise, eventually ending up in an open meeting room that looked to be set up as a pseudo dining room with tables and chairs spread out everywhere. At a table at the back of the room sat a lone man with a glass in his hand.
Dean couldn’t breathe.
“Castiel,” Jack said, pretending that his voice didn’t break, or that his heart didn’t ache with relief when the man turned around and Jack finally saw his face again.
“Jack,” Cas said, almost a warning, but Claire cut him off.
Dean grumbled, but didn’t mind too much.  Bobby made the best pancakes.
She stood and stepped forward into the war room, reaching under the table and grabbing the gun she knew Dean kept stashed there, aiming up toward the door as it opened, revealing an older man, at least in his late fifties. He looked somewhat familiar but Claire couldn’t place him.
As the door swung open it revealed a young man, probably around her age, with dirty blond hair and pale skin. He was wearing a cognac jacket with a t-shirt and blue jeans, black slip-ons adorning his feet, which she noticed as he came down the stairs.
“What the hell did you just call me?” He asked after a short pause.
“You did an amazing job,” Dean praised, ruffling Jack’s hair. “I go see Bobby and Karen all the time, hang out with Jody and Donna every so often. Hell, I’ve even seen Garth a few times.”
“I’ll explain later,” he told Cas. “How many seals until Lucifer busts out?”
“That expression does not make sense,” Cas said with a frown. “Why was there a cat in a bag?” Dean laughed and pulled Cas close as he leaned in, kissing him soundly.
Mary and Sam exchanged a glance and then left the kitchen. “I guess,” Dean said, rolling his eyes.
His father slides his plate off the table.  Bobby flinches at the shattering.
With that, Dean headed back inside their room and collapsed onto his own bed, only bothering to kick off his boots and pull off his flannel before succumbing to sleep.
“Sam, no one blames you for saying yes to Alastair,” Mary said. “Not me, not Dean, or Bobby or Karen or Jody or Donna. We all know that what you went through, it’s not something any of us can ever comprehend. And seeing something like that happen to someone you care about...I would have said yes in a heartbeat if it was to save one of you two.”
A little bit flustered - from what, Jack couldn’t tell - Claire flung the door open. “Oh, Jack! Hi, what are you up to?”
“Great,” Dean said and took a sip of his beer. “So you’ve got nothing.” He shook his head and looked up at the sky. “So that’s where Heaven is? Above us?”
John turns, but says to Dean, “Finish up here, we gotta get a move.”
He was almost done when Cas joined him, taking the proffered mug of coffee Dean held out to him. “Thank you,” he mumbled, leaning against the counter.
Claire was about to switch from 400 to 196 and she texted Cas to let him know when he called immediately to tell her to find a place to wait for him, as he was less than ten minutes from Wichita.
“So you lied to us. To me,” Dean pursed his lips and scoffed. “I asked you what was going on with all this shit, if you knew who and why, and you lied to my face.”
“I’ll be fine, Dean, really. And besides, there’s no way to really describe what happened or what I went through,” Sam said and wiped his mouth. “I’m beat, I’m gonna take a shower and head to bed.”
Jack turned her wrist to look at the bracelet, turning each bead to inspect it as well. “There’s a word on this one..” he said and let go so that she could see it as well.
He dialed Bobby’s number.
“And for this part?”
“Got in a fight with a can of paint. It won,” Claire snarked with a smile on her face. “We need to go clean up. Will dinner be ready by the time we get out?”
Jack was quiet for a moment, taking the now clean pot from her when she handed it over. He rinsed and dried it, putting it back in its rightful place before answering. “Cas and Dean are my fathers. I love them and I respect them. I know that the things they ask of me are things that they believe are for the best. So I listen to them.”
Claire sniffled, “I can’t lose anyone else. He has to be okay.” Kaia moved her chair as close as possible to Claire’s and grabbed her hand. Claire leaned over, resting her head on Kaia’s shoulder.
Jack took a deep breath and knocked on the front door of the house, smiling a little when Mary was the one to open it and greet him. “What are you doing here?” she asked.
“He wasn’t a father,” Dean said gruffly. “At least, not a good one. He was angry all the time. And to try and cope with that anger he would drink. And when that stopped working, he started taking it out...on me.”
“What’s wrong?” Jack asked as he walked into the kitchen.
“Follow us,” the other demon said and headed out to the van parked next to the Impala - a large black Cadillac.
“Right,” Claire nodded absently. “I’m gonna give you guys some time to...catch up. I’ll be in my room.” With that, Claire pushed herself up and got out of the room as fast as possible with her leg. She shut her bedroom door behind her, locking it before falling onto her bed.
“Jack,” Cas swallowed heavily and looked over to where Kelly’s body lay under the sheet. “She didn’t survive.” Jack walked over to the bed and stood by the side, carefully reaching up to grab her hand over the sheet.
Dean was going to lose his mind; if only angels were easier to get a read on. Suddenly, Cas stiffened and his face fell back to his usual stoic mask. “You got angel business?”
“Nothing,” Claire smiled a little. “You’re just very pretty.” Kaia couldn’t help but flush at the compliment, still not used to it even after all these months together.
“Oh, that’s just fucked up,” said Dean with a look of disgust.
“Uh...we were racing?” Claire said.
“It’s okay not to know right now. Lots of people change their major at least once while they’re in college. You’ll figure it out.” Sam replied, patting her shoulder. “Do you want to apply to some of these schools? I can help you out with that part, too.”
Jack wasn’t quite sure how long it was before he felt Castiel ascend to Heaven, but he knew it wasn’t long - Castiel was never going to live in a world without Dean Winchester. He apologized to the angel he was speaking to - Charmeine - and excused himself, flying back to Dean’s cottage.
“Please? I don’t want Claire to have to tell them,” Jack almost begged.
“Yeah,” Jack chimed in, “I want to listen to the Jonas Brothers!”
” Dean said, understanding dawning on his face, “And have you talked to her about that?”
Due to the significant angel warding in the bunker, Cas headed to the large field outside so that he could pray to Gabriel. As if expecting the call, Gabriel materialized in front of Cas almost instantly.
“Uh, yeah, we just have a couple questions about all this demon shit that’s been happening lately,” Dean said with a half smile. “We know it’s demons and we know that these are signs of the apocalypse but that’s it dude, we got nothing else. And Mom and I just got back from talking to a guy that killed 66 kids. We need answers.”
As expected, Claire and Kaia arrived at the bunker a quarter before four the next day, Dean greeting them both with a tight hug and even a kiss on the top of the head for Claire. Cas moved in as soon as Dean was out of the way, gripping her tight.
After successfully getting past the receptionist by impersonating Mrs. Huntington’s grandsons, the three of them began sneaking around the different hallways. “How in the world are we going to figure out which of these doctors is him?”
“I’m fine, but your dad…” Cas said, surveying the streets around him as he drove through town, “One of the vampires bled into his mouth. He ran off to kill it and get the blood for the cure but I can’t find him.”
“I don’t know why you insist on driving, when I could transport us there in seconds,” Cas said grumpily from the passenger seat.
There was a crash, and a hissed “fuck”, but before long Dean trudged down the stairs and into the kitchen. His eyes lit up a bit when he saw Jo sitting at the table. Before he could say anything, she jumped up, engulfing him in a crushing hug. He closed his eyes, squeezing her tightly to him, “It’s good to see you, Jo.”
The three of them nodded sheepishly but remained seated and silent, “Go for a walk or something, stay out of trouble. I’m going to see if Cas knows anyone that can help Jack out. No more messing around, I’m serious,” he said, leveling them with a steady glare.
“The Cupid is here,” Cas said, interrupting the collective stunned silence, “I can sense him. Meet me out back.”
“My dad has been…” Dean searched for the right words, “I’m not scared of anything. Any vamp, any demon, any monster… My dad is the only thing I’ve ever been afraid of. God, Cas,” he paused, swallowing to compose himself, “You saved me from the one monster I could never save myself from. Thank you.”
“Claire?” Jack spoke suddenly. “What’s your deepest truth?”
“Shh!” Claire held her finger to her lips. She and Jack were hiding around the corner as they watched Cas try and locate his reading glasses. They were currently sitting on a shelf in the library, but he had left them sitting on his bedside table.
John was on the floor, gasping for breath as he bled out.
“I don’t fucking think so,” Dean growled as he leapt over the closest table and charged War, which startled the horseman just enough that he didn’t see Sam coming from the side. Dean shoved him against the wall, Sam helping pin him down. “Where the fuck is Lilith? We know that she’s behind all this, so you’re gonna tell us where she’s hiding.”
None of the hunters - or Rowena - dared to comment on the situation, watching the conversation unfold between the current and former angel.
Dean stiffened at the sight of his father, knuckles going white as he gripped the pen in his hand.  “Where is it?” he asked, only a touch of panic leaking through in his voice.
“What’s gotten into you, boy” not-John asked, “It’s me, Dean. You’d do well to show me a bit more respect.”
Once the hunters got back to Sioux Falls, Mary called Bobby and Karen to come over for dinner as well as to discuss the new information they had gotten. As everyone gathered around the dining room table with takeout containers of Chinese food, Mary stood back for a second, smiling at how full her house was. She had once feared that the death of her husband would leave her and her children without family, but she was so grateful to have been wrong.
“How much have you been talking to Castiel?” Mary asked. She hadn’t spoken more than a few sentences to the angel herself, but it seemed her boys, Dean in particular, were starting to trust him and even like him.
“She doesn’t need saving!” Dean shouted. “We are
“Has it? Time...moves differently in Heaven. What can I be of assistance with?” Castiel asked, either not bothered by Dean’s frustration or he hadn’t even noticed.
“Dean!” Sam rushed to his brother’s side, helping him stand up as straight as possible.
“Yes! How did neither of you know?” Dean asked, genuinely surprised that both Mary and Sam had missed that. He didn’t think he was that subtle. “Sam, I know he asked you to help him with the mixtape, and that thing reads like a fucking rom-com soundtrack!”
“Yeah, it might take me a while to get used to it, though. Might need my big brother around to help me out,” Sam suggested.
The table was awkwardly silent for a long moment, just the scratch of metal cutlery against ceramic as they ate. When nobody had said anything for a solid five minutes, Claire was fed up with it.
John stares him dead in the eye.
“He did way worse than hitting me,” Dean looked out over the lake, taking a deep breath. “He would beat me until I couldn’t move. Broke don’t know how many bones that never healed right. I was nothing more than a means to an end for him. A soldier to help find the demon that killed Mom. A protector for Sammy.”
Sam’s eyes widened, “Okay, uh,” he rubbed at his eyes, “Shit. What do we do?”
“Uh….” he said, completely unsure of how to proceed, “hi?”
“Claire, you must know...what happened to you and your family,” Castiel truly did sound remorseful, she noted. “There is
At that, Dean turned around, “I thought…” he started, “I just thought maybe we had...something,” his eyes flicked up to meet Cas’. “Forget about it, I’m sorry.”
“You know how I said you’re pretty?” Claire asked, panting a little from a lack of air. Kaia nodded, moving to straddle Claire’s lap on the bed, tangling her hands in Claire’s long hair.
“I remember them,” Jack replied, eyes lighting up as he turned to the two girls, “You spent a lot of time with my mom.”
Once breakfast had been served, Sam mentioned that he was planning on driving into town for a grocery run, and asked if anyone had any special requests. Once breakfast was cleared up, Sam got ready to leave, and faced with the decision to either stay inside with her thoughts, or go with Dean to watch Jack and Rowena, Bela chose the latter.
“Can’t be the only that looked like I walked out of Looney Tunes,” she said and grabbed Jack’s face, squishing it together and smearing paint all over his cheeks, forehead, and sides of his head and in his hair. “Now we’re even. Let’s get out of here before someone comes looking for us.”
After leaving the prison, Dean and Mary agreed to head over to the school next. While they were pretty sure it was a demon that did this, they wanted to be as sure as possible. They made their way into the gymnasium and as soon as the door opened, they were met with the pungent and overwhelming smells of sulfur and bleach.
Castiel narrowed his eyes, tilting his head, “I think you’re mistaken, it was my brother Lucifer who fell. I’m Castiel.”
“Jack…” Dean’s voice broke as he stared at the younger man. “Thank you,” he yanked Jack into a bone-crushing hug, which Jack happily sank into, letting himself relax in the arms of his father.
, Bobby thought.
It was quieter, and Jack had much more time to himself. He was currently watching the news, something Cas had him do at least once a day, and the story that was playing now was about an influx of Pit Bulls being dropped off at shelters or abandoned due to new laws restricting the breed of dogs allowed in certain cities. Jack paid rapt attention as the news anchors finished up the story, and as soon as it went to commercial, Jack was up and running down the hallway to the library where Cas and Dean were both reading.
“Yes, I will have to leave today, but I can stay for breakfast,” Dean smiled privately at that and soon he had all four plates on the table, ketchup and hot sauce bottles deposited in the middle. Claire and Cas perked up as they ate, joining the conversation the more food they consumed and by the time all the plates were clean and mugs empty, they were all laughing and teasing each other.
At dinner that night, everyone sitting around the table, their muffled laughter seeing Dean in his glitter covered pajamas almost gave them away.
“Bela?” Sam said quietly, voice cracking. “How - “
“Jesus, Cas, you’re washing your hands like, fifteen times before I’m letting you back into my car.”
Dean finished off his beer, rolling his eyes, “You find anything yet, Ash?”
Naomi’s smile remained as she turned to look at Kaia, “Not just any angel. I’m one of Michael’s closest advisors. Just let the nephilim go with me, and there won’t be any issues.”
Claire just grabbed Jack’s hand and smiled, basking in the feeling of her family.
“It’s worth a try, I don’t know if he’ll listen,” Sam shrugged and sat down at the small table, opening up his laptop to try and do some of his own research. Dean huffed a bit but stood, heading out on the small balcony to get a little bit of privacy from his brother.
Cas nodded, “The only thing left is for you to sign the card.” He handed over the card and a pen, watching Dean expectantly. With one more glance at the pot on the stove to ensure that it wouldn’t burn, Dean leaned over the counter, quickly scrawling a message to the girls inside the card.
“Where are we going then?”
Mary beamed at him, “Okay, you can all go put your bags down, and then we can get some dinner going.”
“They’d like that a lot,” Claire said with a smile. “And maybe I would too.”
Dean felt the familiar rush of air and when he opened his eyes, Cas was standing in front of him. “You’ve located the horsemen Pestilence?”
Sam launched into the whole story, explaining how he had awoken underground and how, after digging himself out, he had met Castiel in an abandoned convenience store, “I didn’t have my cell phone, and so after I couldn’t get ahold of any of you,” he indicated towards Dean, Mary and Bobby, “and I didn’t have anyone else’s number, I had Castiel take me back to the house so I could contact anyone else. I finally got ahold of Ellen, who pointed me in the right direction.”
“I won’t break, Dean,” Cas said after they parted, though their foreheads still rested against one another. “I’m not made of glass. I’m an Angel, I’m as old as the Earth itself and my true form would incinerate most that look upon it. A single kiss will not be my undoing.”
“Well, I’m talking to you, aren’t I?” Dean leaned forward just slightly. “You know-” he was cut off by the ringing of his cell phone and if Dean believed in God, he would be cursing him. “I’m really sorry, but I have to take this. It’s my uncle, I’ve been waiting for this call.”
“Are you really not going to talk to me?” Dean asked, sitting across from Claire at the kitchen table, eyebrows raised. “Kiddo, even with your stitches out, you can barely walk. You go out on a hunt like this and you’ll get yourself killed.”
“Did you want to continue watching Star Wars?” Jack asked.
“Looking for a case,” Claire said simply. “Feeling like I need to get out for a little.”
“His actual actions and location are hidden from us, but we do know that wherever he goes, he leaves a pile of bodies and broken seals,” Castiel explained.
“A what?” Dean shouted from the hallway, his voice and footsteps growing closer quickly. “What do you mean a stray…” his voice trailed off as he entered the room just as Claire and Jack reached the bottom of the stairs. “Jack?”
“Well, thanks for playing, Cas,” Dean said and downed the rest of his beer, setting the empty bottle on the ground next to his foot. “Thanks for coming to help us. Even if you couldn’t actually do much because of the warding, it’s nice to know you were listening.”
“Two actually, but it’s complicated,” Dean said, grabbing Claire’s wrist gently to get her to lower the gun. “I’m neither of their biological fathers but they’re as good as mine. Dad, this is Claire. Now can I ask why you’re here?”
That seemed to appease Sam. The brothers sat shoulder to shoulder on a shitty motel mattress, passing the small package of M&Ms back and forth, and for a few moments, everything was alright.
“That’s cool,” Claire said as they reached the kitchen. She winced as she had to bend her leg to sit down.
“They’re just over that hill,” Jack answered easily, pointing the way to Sam. “I’ve visited them a few times, mostly to apologize to Mary about what I did.”
“I’ll start on the kitchen,” Jack said easily. “And I’ll call Cas and tell him what happened, and he can tell Sam and Dean.”
“It’s not your job to worry about me!” Claire protested, slamming her hand on the table. “I’m an adult, I can take care of myself!”
“Don’t suppose you could just God magic it clean?” Claire suggested. Jack had confessed to her that he didn’t like to use his powers for human things, especially when with Cas, Dean, or Sam. When visiting, he wanted to be their son, not God.
“Ha ha, try again,” Dean crossed his arms.
“I think he just needs some time,” Mary said, patting his arm, “Don’t forget, your brother has been through a lot.”
Sam was sitting in the library, pouring over one of the lore books when Kaia found him. She sat down across from him at the long table, clearing her throat gently. Sam dog-eared the book, closing it on the table in front of him as he smiled at her, “Hey, Kaia, what’s up?”
“Don’t worry, Dean, I can protect myself just fine without a weapon.” Dean swallowed heavily, forcing himself not to have any outward reaction to Castiel’s tone. After a moment he accepted Castiel’s offer, gripping the handle of the blade. It was weighty but it felt good in his hand.
“Good. I like having Jack and Claire here, knowing they’re safe for at least a night,” Cas smiled sleepily.
“Thank you, captain obvious. He threw me into the shelves after I shot him and one of them must have busted open.” Claire narrowed her eyes as Jack began laughing, having to bend over and support himself on his knees to keep himself upright. “You really think it’s that funny?”
“Looks like I’m not the ‘fucking moron’, huh?” Cas said to nobody in particular, as John was now unconscious on the sidewalk.
“I want that too,” Dean said, kissing Claire’s head. “I want nothing more.” Claire smiled and pinched Jack, signaling him to tighten his arms as much as possible as she did the same, squeezing Dean until he yelped, ducking under their arms to get away. “Jesus Christ, what the fuck is wrong with you two?”
“Please don’t be paint,” she muttered to herself. “Please don’t be fucking paint.” She pushed herself off the ground and wiped a hand on her ass, groaning when it came away covered in white paint. “For fuck’s sake. Alright Jackie, rugaru’s dead and I am ready to get home.” She only had to wait a few minutes before Jack appeared before her.
“Alright kiddo, what are the rules?” Dean asked, turning to face Claire.
“That’s not all though,” Sam wiped his nose. “After I said yes, she did too. And when you’re good at...what Alastair did, you got rewarded. Time off, that kind of thing. And so we saw each other, not very often, just a few times. But we got close. She...she was all I had down there.”
Just as Cas had turned to go back inside, Sam spoke up. “Wait, Cas, I -” he drew in a shaky breath, “I didn’t mean to do it, I tried so hard not to-” he broke off with a choked sob.
Dean nodded off to sleep as Sam drove, only to wake up when the car swerved on wet pavement, “You better not wreck my car, Sammy,” he said gruffly.
“We just wanted him to have some fun,” Claire explained, “He’s been stuck here for a while. We didn’t think anything bad would happen.”
“Can I help?” Claire asked.
“Why would he want that?” Cas shook his head at Dean and walked forward, carefully placing his hands on Jack’s shoulders.
“So nice of you to join us,” the man said in a voice Dean could only describe as slimy. Just as he went to comment, he glanced at Sam to see his brother frozen in fear.
“Dean Winchester,” the man said cooly, “You’d do well to treat me with a bit of respect.”
“What do you mean? It was me and Cas,” Dean said with a shrug. “It’s not like it’s the first time I’ve kissed him.”
“I’m fine,” Claire said stubbornly, though she sank onto the couch gratefully.
“You called Cas and told him everything?” Kaia asked, fidgeting with her fingers. Jack nodded. “Let me know if he tells you when they’ll be home.” After Jack agreed, Kaia headed back to her bedroom, climbing into bed with Claire, letting out a shuddering breath.
“Pancakes, huh?” he said.
“Let’s go then,” Castiel said and reached for Dean’s arm, but he jerked back.
“No,” Cas said as he watched the screen. “He will likely know you two on sight, and he will be able to sense my grace as soon as I get close enough. We need a distraction. Something that will keep his focus off you two.”
Thank you all for reading this fic! You can find me on tumblr @hazloveshisboo and Grace @hellerberniesanders! Also, there are several possibilities that we will write a sequel/one shots set in this universe because we love it so much so keep an eye out!
“We’ll meet you back there,” she told her boys, giving each Dean and Sam a kiss on the cheek. Cas waited until the two had driven off before turning to Dean.
“It’s so good to be home,” she groaned.
Dean breathed a laugh, “I just worry about you, being human now. I don’t want you to get hurt.”
They took note of the coordinates, vowing to return in the future to visit his gravesite so that they could, at the very least, give him a proper grave marker. When the grave was filled, they piled back into Bobby’s truck, where the only sounds to be heard were the rumble of tires on badly-paved roads, and the occasional sniffle as the events of the night hit one of them or the other.
“Honestly, yeah,” Kaia admitted with a grateful smile. Claire let Cas help her to her feet, leaning against him as he helped her down the hall back to their bedroom. “Thank you,” Kaia said.
A few weeks after Sam’s angelic resurrection, they hadn’t heard anything else from Castiel - or any other angels for that matter. With Azazel dead and no threat looming on the horizon, the Winchesters had gotten back into their daily routine as much as possible. They were back home, Sam staying until he felt ready to start a fresh semester at college, Dean back working with Bobby at the shop, and Mary fulfilling orders from her online shop and to send in to local stores.
“Yes,” the man said. “I am Jack. You are my father.”
“I’m glad she did, and yeah, why you did it was pretty shitty, but you were a different person then. You didn’t know all the stuff you know now,” Dean reminded him, reaching down to card his fingers through Cas’ hair. “And I think she’s starting to realize that.”
“Yeah, let’s get home and we can talk to everyone about it. I know Bobby and Karen have been reaching out to other hunters to see if they know anything, reading through as many different bibles as they can find,” Dean and Mary got in the Impala and began the short drive back home.
“When is the last time someone even heard from an archangel? Who knows if any of them are still alive?” spat out the god, Set.
Just as the circle of angry deities converged on them, pressing ever closer, a voice from the crowd shouted, thundering impossibly over the clamoring of weapons and murmurs.
Claire really didn’t know how she kept getting herself into these situations. She was in the boiler room, hiding from this fucking rugaru who had jumped her as soon as the door opened. She had her gun cocked and ready in her hand, she just had to wait for the perfect opportunity. She was staying as silent as she could to listen for footsteps. She could hear them nearing her, but she wasn’t certain which direction he was coming from and she didn’t want to take a shot she could very well miss by a mile.
“Doesn’t really make it okay, dude,” Dean said gruffly, downing the rest of his beer. “So, you’ve checked on us. We’re all alive and kicking. You got any other heavenly duties to attend to?”
“What’s he got to be stressed about?” Dean asked, mouth already full of pie and ice cream, causing Sam to roll his eyes and Karen to laugh.
“Are you thinking they’re human? Or something else?” Jo asked.
“I can accompany you back to Sioux Falls,” Cas said, following Dean out to the car and sliding into the passenger seat. Dean sent Sam a smirk over the car. Once they were all in, Dean began driving the route out of town, stopping at a gas station.
Dean shook his head in awe, still maintaining a distance away from the bodies he refused to admit grossed him out, “Cupid is real?”
Ignoring the fact that it was just shy of 3 in the morning, Dean banged on Sam’s door and yelled for him, only slightly regretting the knowledge that Bela would be woken as well. After a few moments of grumbling and shuffling, Sam flung his door open, Bela buttoning up one of Sam’s flannels behind him.
“So,” he began, “I think it’s time for us to… you know, talk.”
“Well, it was a ghost! And it was only a few hours north in Nebraska! Dean let me drive!” Jack continued to tell the story of his and Dean’s hunt, which ended with a simple salt-and-burn.
“Is it one of the kids?” Dean asked worriedly, hands clenched and brow furrowed.
Jo nodded, “Of course.”
Dean sped back to the motel and hurriedly unlocked the door and threw the lights on. “It’s a Siren! Get up so we can go kill this son of a bitch!” Sam and John groaned in unison as they were forcefully awoken. Dean didn’t waste any time, gathering everything they would need that was in the room, dumping it in the backseat of the Impala as Sam and John pulled their boots and jackets on. “Let’s go kill us a Siren,” Dean grinned as they were finally all seated in the car, tires squealing as they raced out of the parking lot.
The woman recoiled at that, “Easy, mortal, I wouldn’t do that if I were you.”
“When it’s someone we actually want to welcome into our home, sure,” Sam said. “For you? Never. Now, what do you want? Why are you here?”
“They are happy and together. They miss you, but they are glad that you’ve found a family and happiness, even if it’s a profession they don’t approve of. And they can’t wait to see you again but they’d rather it be quite a while before that happens,” Jack spoke quieter than normal. “They are proud of you.”
“Let’s go to McDonalds,” Claire suggested, “I’m hungry.”
“You keep it,” Castiel said with a strong nod. “As I said before, I can protect myself without a weapon. You are more vulnerable.”
“Well, why don’t you make him a mixtape?” Mary suggested. “I think I have about ten from your father in the glovebox of my car.”
“What?” his father replied, oblivious to the fact that he had been caught.
Dean paused before leaving the room, taking a minute to himself. He had been prepared for a baby not for...this. Not for a fully grown person who can walk and talk right out of the womb. He had no clue what to do about any of this.
Jack was sitting up on one end of the couch, though he seemed to be asleep, or at least resting, with his head lolled over half on his shoulder and half on the back of the couch. Claire was lying along the length of the couch with her head in Jack’s lap and the blanket Cas kept there spread over her. Dean smiled fondly at the sight and as quietly as he could, crept into the room and took approximately a million pictures of the pair of them. He left them to sleep a bit longer, heading to the kitchen to make breakfast.
After her dad said yes to Castiel and her mom disappeared, Claire never thought she would have this again, she never thought she would have a family again. But she did, she had her two dads and her little brother who was also God, and somehow it was perfect.
“So you knew the entire time that all this shit was Lilith breaking seals?” Dean asked, calmer than the others, but his face gave away how angry he was under the surface.
“We tried, kiddo, you wouldn’t budge,” Dean said, taking a sip of his coffee. “So now you’re stuck with the two of us.”
“Yes, I noticed something was off the moment I landed. Give me a moment to search the town,” Castiel nodded solemnly and then disappeared. Dean opened his mouth to complain but before he could even get a word out, Castiel was back.
“Please do, frequently Claire,” Cas said. “We’ll be on the road soon as well.”
“There are a lot of things that I could say about John Winchester. None of them are kind,” Cas said simply. “The most grave, at least presently, is that after Dean killed the demon that killed Mary Winchester, John disappeared. Neither Sam or Dean have seen him in ten years.”
“Yeah, I
“Claire, we’re not going to yell at you,” Cas said, but Dean’s huff didn’t make it very convincing. “We’re just worried about you. We don’t know what’s in all these storerooms, and we don’t want anything to happen to you.”
“Well, you’re only like, three years old technically, which means you missed out on a lot of kid stuff,” Claire said. “Including running around on a slippery floor with socks on.”
“He’s a nephilim,” Gabriel argued.
echoing through his head, Bobby took one more look at the kitchen door and climbed the stairs, leaving Dean to himself.
Donna pulled her into a hug, “There are so many of us out there, you’ll see. I’m so glad that you’re here now.”
“He wasn’t our father, Sammy, he hasn’t been for a long time. He’s just a guy who gave us orders and expects us to follow his every word with no benefit,” Dean said. “When I saw him hit you...I’ve spent my entire life working to make sure he never laid a finger on you. I didn’t even know what I was doing. I just knew I needed to protect you. That’s all I’ve ever wanted, Sammy.”
“Okay, Sam, why did your brother think I was Lucifer?” Castiel asked, squinting his eyes.
“That’s not the same as actually wanting me to be your dad, though,” Dean protested. Claire rolled her eyes and looked at Jack. They were thinking the same thing, good. She walked over to Dean and hugged him tightly.
“Claire, Dean loves you. You’re...you’re his daughter. This might change things but it doesn’t mean he’s going to kick you out or something,” Kaia siad, squeezing her hand. “Come on. They’re in the library.” Claire let Kaia lead her out of their room and down the hallway. She shook the closer they got, clutching Kaia’s hand in a death grip when she saw Sam and Dean. She felt her eyes well as Dean looked at her, and she knew it, he’s angry and he’s going to tell her to pack her shit and leave-
“Just us, then,” Claire said, dishes already clean, dried, and put away.
“Okay, so what’s the distraction then?” Dean asked.
Tears welled in Bobby’s eyes as he surged forward, engulfing Sam in a suffocating hug, which prompted Donna and Jody to stand up for their turns as well. Before long, everyone was seated, on beds and at the small table situated in the corner of the room, looking at Sam eagerly for further information on the angel Castiel.
“She will. She’s very smart and very capable,” Cas said thoughtfully. “I’m...I’m very grateful that my presence in her life, and the effects of it, have not done irreparable damage.”
“Fucking dykes,” John grunted. “Couldn’t handle anything more than a beer anyway.” Claire bit the inside of her cheek. As much as she wanted to yell and scream, her instincts were shouting at her to just
They walked through the streets of the town, mostly aimlessly until they came across a group of demons. Sam started reciting the exorcism rite from memory while everybody else dug around to find their holy water flasks.
“How’d you like Star Wars?” Cas asked, sitting down at the table across from his two children.
“Okay. Kaia and I are going to clean everything up,” Cas thanked him and bid Jack goodnight, hanging up the phone. He sat on the edge of the bed, going over all the different scenarios in which he could tell Dean that his father was dead - by his daughter’s hand. He ultimately decided on waiting until after dinner and then he would lay out the facts that he knew plainly and to both brothers. There was no need to go over the information twice.
“No thank you, I do not require sustenance of any kind,” Castiel declined. “But I appreciate the offer.” After repeatedly rejecting the offer of a beer from Dean, the human had told Castiel that even if you don’t accept, you should still offer gratitude - it was the human thing to do.
“The Righteous Man...that’s Sam right?” she clarified. She had gotten bits of pieces of the last few years but never the full story.
“Well, it’s like playing a trick on someone, a mostly harmless trick. Like...putting plastic wrap on the toilet so piss goes everywhere,” Kaia explained with a small giggle. “Just small stuff like that.”
Dean sighed, but understood what she meant. Cas and Jack joined them at the table.
“I understand why he feels more comfortable talking with you about this stuff, I just wish he felt the same about me. I’m his mother, I want to be there for him and make everything okay,” Mary took a sip of her coffee sheepishly, she didn’t mean to admit that to someone she barely knows.
And he couldn’t wait.
“I would be honored to give you the Winchester name,” he murmured into her hair. She felt Cas hug her from behind, sandwiching her between them. She managed to turn her head enough to see Jack, who was smiling as brightly as ever. She returned his smile, mouthing a ‘thank you’ before turning her head back into Dean’s chest.
“What’s up?” Claire asked, eyebrows furrowing with concern. Kaia sat down on their bed, so Claire followed suit.
“You break everything you touch!” he shouts.
“It is,” Jack said. “It’s ancient Greek, it translates to Aletheia, a spirit or goddess of truth and sincerity. Which explains why I cannot remove the bracelet either.”
“Not much, stitching up anybody that comes through, as always,” Karen said fondly, setting their plates down in front of each boy. “Trying to keep Bobby from having a stress-induced heart attack.”
“We should go to the Roadhouse,” Mary said, “I bet Jo and Ash can help us out with that. Are you coming with us, Castiel?”
“I know it was you three, and you will pay,” Dean growled and stomped out of the room. They made sure to wait to hear his bedroom door slam shut before all three teenagers burst out laughing, Claire falling from the bed to the floor.
Sam and Dean exchanged a glance, confusion evident on both of their faces. When neither of them answered, the deity spoke again, “As for stopping the apocalypse, what would you have us do? A few centuries ago, we could’ve done it with the snap of our fingers but now -” he let out a humorless laugh, “You mortals indulge yourselves in the simplest pleasures, in sex, or wealth, all of the things life has to offer without a single thought of gratitude towards those of us who made it possible. Why should we care about the perils you face, when saving you could come at the cost of our lives?”
Cas took a moment to heal the damage to his vessel while Dean called out for Sam, who walked around the building, asking them what had taken so long.Once everyone was healed and the bodies of the demons moved thanks to Cas, they were ready to go and piled back into the Impala. Cas and Dean shared a look, Dean shaking his head minutely to let Cas know he wasn’t quite ready to tell Sam about what exactly had gone between them.
And it seemed Dean and Cas weren’t unaffected. Dean had kept his hand high up on Cas’ thigh since they sat down, leaning into his side. The only thing stopping him from launching a full-on attack on Cas’ lips was his brother sitting across from them.
?” Dean said, panic in his voice escalating.
“Unfortunately, yes,” Cas said, and he really did sound disappointed. Dean leaned against the Impala as Cas unrolled his sleeves and slid his layers back in place. However, once he got to the tie, he was hopeless. Dean snorted as he watched as Cas tried fruitlessly to fasten the tie and after a few moments, he took pity and invaded Cas’ personal space to tie it for him.
“I must return to Heaven and tell them of the events that unfolded,” he said apologetically. “I will be as quick as I can.”
Unsure of where to start once they had gotten to town, the three men decided the best course of action was to split up. Sam went to take a look at the crime scenes and see if he could interview friends and family of the victims, while Dean and Cas went to investigate the bodies at the morgue.
“So, two rings down, two to go, huh?” said Sam, repeating Dean’s words from earlier while also trying to escape the silence that filled the car, “Let’s find Famine.” Dean hummed in agreement, but Cas stayed totally silent, so Sam kept talking, “Do we know what the deal with the rings is?”
Claire woke up late the next morning to an empty bed. She shrugged one of Kaia’s cardigans on and stumbled out to the library, Dean and Cas sitting at one of the tables. “Where is everybody?” she asked, dropping into a chair across from them.
When Mary and Jo seemed satisfied with his answer, he turned to Dean, “How’s he doing? Have the doctors said anything?”
“Alright then, once you two finish dishes you can go watch your movie,” Cas said, standing to take his bowl to the sink, rinsing it briefly.
“I don’t suppose explaining to the staff that one of the four horsemen of the apocalypse has infiltrated their faculty and are systematically killing their residents is a good game plan?” Cas asked, glancing over at Dean.
“Hello Jack,” Bela said with a smile.
“She...John…” Kaia trailed off, not sure how to explain. “John is dead.” Jack’s eyes widened in surprise but after a moment, he nodded.
“It’s ‘cause the baby ain’t a baby,” Dean said. “He uh, he knew that he wasn’t safe, so he aged himself up? Looks like he’s about twenty.” Sam made a noise of confusion but Dean just shrugged. “I gotta get the kid some clothes.” He pushed past him to head to his and Cas’ room, gathering a pair of sweatpants, a pair of boxers, and one of his old, threadbare band shirts.
Dean did, in fact, choke on his beer, but Claire never would have guessed that he would then snort that beer out of his nose,
Once the majority of the work inside was done, and all that was left was repainting the house, Dean and Cas took Claire and Kaia to a nearby Bed Bath and Beyond for housewares, and to a thrift store for a few pieces of furniture to get them started. Dean let the girls arrange their newly-bought furniture the way that they wanted, while Dean, Cas and Jack got started on painting the exterior of the house in the muted lavender tone that Claire and Kaia had chosen.
Before long, Claire was in the drive-through of McDonald’s asking what Jack wanted. He didn’t know, so they ended up ordering half the menu so that he could try everything that sounded even remotely good.
“Claire?” Kaia asked, mouth gaping. “What...what happened?”
“Bobby, what did you do?”
“Four weeks?” Claire glared at Dean across the table and neither said anything Cas stumbled in. His hair was even more of a mess than usual, and he was still wearing his pajamas which were really just a pair of sweats and one of Dean’s old, worn shirts.
“Jack?” Mary spoke softly to him. Jack turned promptly and smiled awkwardly.
“Okay, you can be mad at us later but right now we have a huge fucking problem,” Claire said shakily.
“No, we didn’t shoot rifles, as a matter of fact, we threw a ball around.”
“Oh, no, I uh, was just roughhousing with Sammy.  Kid’s way stronger than you think,” Dean said, and leaned back casual as you like against the counter, looked him dead in the eye.
The three kids were able to get out of the bunker a few days after hatching their plan when Sam and Dean had to head to Kansas City for a quick hunt, leaving just Bela and Cas in charge. They headed into town and to the nearest craft store, buying out their entire stock of googly eyes in all the different sizes, as well as several bottles of glitter. They paid for their items with a credit card Claire had swiped from Dean’s wallet.
Claire was thankful for the break, her leg was burning and she knew she needed to clean it and put on fresh bandages. She quickly found a larger truck stop and pulled into the lot, parking near the back to settle in until Cas reached her.
When Cas came in to check on him, Dean had been dancing around to one of the pop albums that he pretended to hate when the kids wanted him to play it in the car. He fumbled to turn it off, but Cas’ eyebrows raised in a way that told Dean that his secret was out.
Before Dean could even think of anything to say, Castiel was gone with a fluttering of wings.
replied Sam, “So, a red horse, I guess?”
He landed outside of Mary and John’s heaven, which was a replica of their home together in Lawrence, when Sam and Dean were children. He thought it was a little strange that their Heaven was a place that was filled with so many bad memories.
Later that night, when John had gone off to chase tail and get too drunk, Sam cautiously approached Dean.
Dean looked down, smiling sadly, “It’s been real tough. I just feel like I failed him. He’s my little brother,” he said, voice catching a bit, “It was my job to protect him and I failed. So, no, I’m not doing well but I’m doing my damn best because I know it’s what he’d want.”
“A man’s memory? Is that how Heaven works?” Sam asked. They still knew next to nothing about the other side of the afterlife.
“Dean, Bobby!” Mary shouted as she ran into the house, her gun pulled and trained on the door. “Something is going on.”
“Racing? Around the bunker?” Dean raised his eyebrows.
He was lying, and they both knew it.  Bobby thought about his mother, how long he’d waited while he watched her walk around with bruises and smiles.  Always bruises and smiles.
“Since Pestilence, Sammy,” Dean looked over, brows furrowed. “Did you really not know?”
“So we just have to keep safe until then,” Bobby said. “I need to call Karen, tell her not to come home yet.” Dean nodded and stepped closer to Mary, glancing around warily. He wasn’t sure why he hadn’t seen anyone yet - there were a number of people he had failed to save.
Not giving her a chance to refute that, Sam spoke into the receiver again, “Where is everybody? I couldn’t get ahold of Dean, or my mom, or Bobby… and I don’t have my cell phone so I didn’t have any other phone numbers.”
“It’s okay. I’ll be mad about it later,” that got a laugh out of Dean as he tugged her shirt over her head. He didn’t even blink as he grabbed her clean shirt from the pile and helped her get her arms through each sleeve and then over her head.
Dean looked surprised as he walked down the stairs, Cas following closely. “What’s all this?” he asked, looking around the bunker at all the decorations.
“I have missed you too Jack, but I’m here, Dean, is here, and soon Sam and Eileen will join us,” Castiel reasoned. “Our family will be complete.”
John had been in a hurry, the man always was.  Never could stay anywhere too long, eternally restless.
“I don’t know what that is but it sounds good,” Jack said once he was finished getting dressed, the clothes baggy on him but at least they covered him up.
“Right right, Jessica,” Famine pondered as he curled his hands over the armchairs of his wheelchair. “But that’s not who you desire is it? No, she’s not who you want. It’s the one that’s still down in the Pit, still suffering for eternity because you couldn’t keep one simple prom-” Sam lunged forward and cleanly sliced off three of Famine’s fingers - the ring on one of them - before any of the demons could take action.
“Well that’s great!” Sam said, breaking out into a smile before Ellen interrupted him.
John didn’t say anything as he picked up his chair and dropped back in it, his attention going back to his journal, his hand resting too close to his gun for Dean’s comfort. Dean took Sam’s unoccupied spot on the bed to continue reading through the books, trying to find any clue to the monster they were hunting.
About a week after Sam finally came clean about most of his time in Hell - he still wasn’t ready to talk about Bela in depth, feeling the most guilty about not being able to save her as he promised - when Cas showed up much earlier than usual.
“Why?” Claire asked, still unsure herself.
“I’m...I’m fine,” she whispered, still staring at John. “Just...flashbacks, you know?”
“Do you have any idea what we’ll be walking into?” Dean asked, glancing over at Castiel.
“What the fuck,” Claire said with a wet laugh, grabbing for Kaia’s hand, “Well, let’s go meet him, then.”
“Wait,” Claire said, wiping at her face with the back of her hand and standing up, “I know how close you were with Kelly.”
“So what do we do about it?” asked Bela
“One of these days, someone is going to realize how fake that ID is,” Kaia said with a laugh, accepting the beers so that Claire’s hands would be free to drive.
“I love you too,” she choked out, burying her face in Dean’s chest once more, letting him hold her, letting him comfort her when she needed him the most.
“What?” Dean looked up at Castiel in surprise. “What do you mean no one blames me?”
“I know
“Cas thinks of you as his daughter. Dean does as well. They are my fathers, two of them anyway. That makes us siblings,” Jack said happily. “I thought it would be good to get to know my sister.”
They maintained eye contact for a moment, and Dean laughed, letting out a breath he didn’t know he was holding in, “As much as I would like to test that, let’s find Sam and get the hell out of here. This place gives me the creeps.” He stood up and offered Cas a hand to help him up, “Can you heal yourself or do you need me to do something?”
“Get away from him,” Dean said calmly, aiming the gun directly at John. John turned around slowly, Sam already gaping at Dean.
I guess - that Naomi made. I assume he made his decision to fight for Gabriel based on that.”
“Dad is dead?” Sam finally asked, looking at Cas. “Because of...something Claire did?” Cas nodded solemnly. Dean abruptly stood from the table, chair scraping the floor. He slammed out of the motel room and Cas could do nothing but watch, knowing Dean needed the time alone to process everything.
“Guess that makes our jobs easier. Come on, it’s late, we need to get some rest before we head home,” Dean led Sam back downstairs and out to the car. They stopped at a local diner to pick up some dinner before going back to the inn. They ate in relative silence, Dean glancing at Sam every so often. “What did Alastair mean? When he said the thing about lasting longer?”
If not for the podcast playing through the headphone Cas had put in one ear, he probably would’ve opened the passenger door and thrown himself out of the car.
“It’s obviously something. You were in Hell, Sammy, that’s not something you just get over or move on,” Dean said worriedly. “I just don’t want you to get lost in there or something.”
Sam returned almost an hour later, bag of greasy food in hand. He dropped it on the table without a word and snatched one of the books from the pile in front of Dean. “I already ate,” he said gruffly. Dean, desperately wanting a return to the tense normalcy they had been surviving in, got up and sat with John at the table, pulling out the two burgers and orders of fries, handing one of each to his father. John pushed his journal away just enough to make room for his food, Dean holding back a sigh of relief.
“Sounds perfect,” Dean said gratefully, keeping an arm around Cas’ waist. “I’m fucking beat. I’m gonna go change if you wanna order something? You know what I like.”
Sam moved to stand closer to Dean, gun still trained at John’s head.
“Alright, players to starting position,” she said and opened her door, standing right outside it. She leaned forward, one foot in front of the other, watching as Jack copied her. “Ready...set...go!” Claire took off down the hallway, Jack startling a little but following not far behind her. He was doing well until they rounded the corner into the library and he slid too much and veered off course.
Fortunately, they knew in advance that the bridge into town had been destroyed, so the group had prepared to hike the long way in. Considering the length of the drive and the subsequent hike, it was early evening by the time they finally reached the town.
About a week after their confrontation with Alastair, after relaxing at home - as much as they could - something else went to shit, as usual. In the next town over, a high school teacher locked a large group of kids in the gymnasium and killed exactly 66 of them. As soon as the last was dead, the teacher collapsed onto the floor.
In the end, it was Mary who pulled herself off the ground, stumbling over to her other son, “Dean, baby, we have to get him out of here. You have to get up, we can’t leave him here.”
“While I do wish to see her again, I hope it is a long time before that actually happens,” Castiel laughed lightly. “I can wait.” Jack nodded and leaned back in his seat, letting the last of the sun’s rays warm his skin. Sitting here, with his father next to him, and Dean close by, with the whole world - or at least what he could see - at peace, was Jack’s perfect paradise.
“I don’t know. Sam and I don’t really do anything but since it’s Cas’ first Christmas as a human…” Dean trailed off.
“It was nothing kid. I just got old. Went in my sleep, with Cas next to me and Claire holding my hand,” Dean said with a smile.
Jack didn’t speak with Dean for three days following his refusal to adopt a dog. He spoke with Cas still, but any time Dean tried to talk to him, Jack simply left the room. Even when they had gone out to go grocery shopping, Jack followed them silently. It was only on the way back to the bunker that he finally broke his self-imposed vow.
Bobby rushes out of the room and his blood is rushing so loud in his head he can’t hear anything else.  He keeps yelling at her, but he’s not listening, he’s got his hands on a rifle and he has no idea what he’s doing, doesn’t really remember getting from one place to another, everything is rushing around him.  His heart is pounding so hard he can feel it in his fingertips.
She and Jack got to work, Claire instructed Jack what to do with specific decorations, like liking the railing of the balcony and staircase with the tassel garland while she strung up the fairy lights around the doorways and the tables. They hung streamers from the ceiling and finally, she scattered confetti all over the tables and set out the plastic plates and cutlery.
“This,” Bobby said, dropping a book nearby. “A spell to banish restless souls. The ingredients are upstairs.”
“Don’t look a gift horse in the mouth, Sammy,” Dean replied, “We get a night off in a nice place for once, let’s just enjoy it.”
“I’m gonna text Cas and tell him it’s good to come home,” Claire said, pulling her phone from her back pocket. She and Jack went to the war room, sitting at the map table to wait, wanting to surprise Dean when he returned home.
“Whatever, just...be careful okay? I don’t want any broken bones,” Dean said and waited for them to nod before closing his bedroom door. Claire met Jack’s eyes and they both burst into laughter, Claire carefully extracting herself from Jack before standing.
“They are
“Did you see them? Guess they fell asleep watching the movie last night,” Dean dropped a few pieces of bacon on every plate and then poured in the eggs, ham, and vegetables into the same pan.
“C’mon Cas,” Dean pouted and tugged at his hair again. Cas continued to ignore him and all of the subsequent attempts to distract him from his book. “Fine.” Dean grabbed his own book and began reading once more, the two of lounging together in comfortable silence.
Kaia was a relatively quick learner, listening to the instructions Dean gave, and following them to a T.
“Alright, I’m gonna go hang out with Jack so just come find us when you’re done,” Kaia didn’t wait for an answer before leaving the room. Claire loved Jack and they did have a special bond due to being weird half-siblings through some fucked up family tree, but Kaia and Jack had so much in common - neither got a real childhood and they were getting in all those experiences in now, with each other.
“Finally,” Bela pushed herself on her toes to kiss Sam. “I’m going to miss being so close to our friends and family but I’m very glad to get you all to myself.” Sam grinned and leaned down, lifting Bela by her thighs, and she easily wrapped her legs around him to hold herself up.
Cas made a noncommittal noise in response. He slowed the car down as he saw a scuffle in the alleyway. Once he got a closer look, he leapt out of the car, not bothering to turn it off or grab his cellphone.
“Think of all the things we could do with this power, Jack!” Claire said excitedly. “Sneaking into places you shouldn’t be, stealing things that are too expensive to pay for...the possibilities are endless!”
“You had a very complicated relationship with your father, Sam, and it’s okay to be conflicted about his demise,” Cas said, doing his best to keep as unbiased as he could. Sam gave him a tight smile and looked out the window where Dean was sitting on the hood of the Impala.
“Yeah, well, when you have a kid sometimes your perspective changes,” Dean rolled his eyes, but Claire could tell it was nothing but fond. She was fairly quiet through dinner, only interjecting a few times or answering a question directed toward her.
“Hey, look.  The crown prince decided to drop by for a late bite.”
Cas he coughed after he swallowed the mouthful of soup, “It's very spicy, but it’s good.”
“...I do not understand that reference,” Cas frowned. “But I am sorry that I am still unable to answer your questions, Dean. I don’t know why Alastair kidnapped the reapers or what he intended to do with them. What I do know is that the demons are getting more arrogant. They are not hiding their actions, as if they were taunting the angels.”
“I’m so sorry, I forgot that you were injured, let me heal you-” but before he could even take a step toward Claire, Dean was telling him to freeze.
Cas found Dean in the kitchen, stirring something on the stove.
“That it’s demons, just like we suspected,” Dean said. “He said he doesn’t know why the demons are doing all this, just that the angels are trying their best to stop them whenever they can.”
“You are an annoying little nuisance that Lilith does not need,” the other demon growled.
“I guess we’re headed to Colorado,” Dean said, “Anyone else want to come with us?”
“If we could get Jack…” Gabriel started, when Cas interrupted him.
“Yeah,” Cas let out a humorless laugh, “And called me a ‘fucking moron’ for trying to stop him.”
“Nothing really, just makes sense he’d be your favorite,” she looked at Dean then, swallowing down a sarcastic comment. “So, do you have to get back to playing God then?”
Dean stepped aside for a moment to pray, “Cas, if you’ve got a minute, we could use some help here. Something weird is going on. We’re at The Elysian Fields Hotel in Indiana… I’m not sure what, exactly, but something is up.”
Not soon enough, Sam and John were both asleep in separate beds, leaving Dean to the couch, which was all right with him. It meant he was able to sneak out without the two of him noticing. He made sure he was as quiet as possible as he closed the motel room door behind him and climbed in the Impala, turning on the engine with a wince as it roared to life but he seemed to be lucky as neither his brother nor father came to inspect what was going on. With the knowledge that he was successfully sneaking away, Dean pulled out of the parking lot and drove through the small town until he found a bar that was still open.
“Jack!” Dean and Cas were both out of their seats and rushing toward the newcomer, surprising Claire a bit as they both easily embraced him, Dean even ruffling his hair. The three of them spoke quietly for just a moment before Jack - whoever he was - pushed past Cas and Dean to approach her.
(See the end of the chapter for
Ignoring him, Cas reached forward and grabbed the back of Jack’s coat, pulling the nephilim towards him, before speaking in a low voice, “Jack can you hear angels nearby?”
The boys both shook their heads, so Bobby continued.
“Sammy, you get the gas, I gotta take a leak,” Dean said as he got out of the car, tossing him the keys. He headed inside and got the key from the clerk before making his way around the back of the building.
“There’s something hinky going on in this town, Castiel,” Sam interrupted. “No one’s dying. At all.”
“I received orders to come down here. Something is going on, and since everything seems to center around the two of you,” Cas gestured between Sam and Dean, “they thought you’d be the best place to start.”
“Alright, so an angel pulled you out of Hell,” Ellen agreed. “Why don’t you tell me what Jo made you wear for her sixth birthday party?”
“Just on my way to visit some old college friends,” Dean lied easily. “Met them at Mizzou our first year and I had to transfer. Figured it’d be nice to see them again.”
“Fuck,” Dean said when she had finished, “I’m so sorry that you went through all of that. You didn’t deserve that, and you definitely didn’t deserve to go to Hell.”
“Troy, and sure, we can talk about it. Nothing I say can make anything any worse,” the teacher and definitely not demon, thankfully - Troy - replied.
“I’m sure it’ll be fine,” Dean said, grabbing the knife and cutting slices for all of them. They waited, watching as Dean took his first bite. He chewed slowly, and even though Claire knew it was awful, she would never be able to tell by Dean’s face. “Like I said, it's perfect! Thank you two for baking me a cake.”
“I’ll wait for Mary,” Bobby told them between gulps. “You three go on in.” Sam nodded and followed the two demons into the restaurant, past the host stand. There were bodies littered around the dining room, some undressed, some covered in food, vomit, or blood. Just as they stepped into the back of the dining area, there was a large thump behind him and he turned to see Dean had Cas pressed against the wall and was furiously kissing him, Cas’ hands on Dean’s ass, trying to pull him closer.
Once all six of them were seated at a nearby table with pints of beer in front of each of them, Ash pulled out his laptop. “So, tell me what kind of signs we’re looking out for, and I’ll throw them into my algorithm.”
“Are you sure that’s what we should do?”
Words failed Mary, so Jo spoke up, “It’s not looking good, Sam. It’s really not likely that he’s going to wake up, and if he does… they’re just not sure.”
Armed with Death’s ring and a tracking spell Death had given them to find Lilith, Sam and Dean got back into the Impala. Dean paused for a second and then threw the keys to Sam, “I’m going to pray to Cas,” he said by way of explanation as he walked away. Sam nodded and slid into the driver’s seat, turning on the car.
Dean scoffed, “It wasn’t that bad, wasn’t more than I could handle.”
Sam felt his blood run cold as he overheard the conversation happening between his father and brother.  He finished salting the doorways and windows, and then crept closer so that he could listen to the conversation more closely.
man to shed blood in Hell. You are a good man, Sam.”
Gabriel explained that he and his allies in Heaven had built an army, and were working on a plan to stop Michael, but that they were unsure of his plans, and he didn’t feel that they were ready to take him on quite yet.
“The Pit Bulls! I just saw on the news how they’re being abandoned, we have to save them!” Jack explained hurriedly, trying to make sure his dads knew how important this was.
“Know what?” Jack asked, growing more desperate for an answer.
“Then I suppose we better get back to the motel,” he said as he was already walking to his truck. Mary followed suit.
“Kid,” Dean sounded hoarse, and his chest was shaking. “It’s the best gift I’ve ever gotten.”
It was nothing new - Dad had a hunt, he always had a hunt.  It’s just that this time they happened to be near enough to Sioux Falls so that he and Sammy didn’t have to hole up alone in a motel room for two weeks while they waited for Dad to finish up the job.  Dean didn’t have to wake up to the pounding anxiety of meticulously counting out every cent before he started each day, didn't have to decide what shitty gas station food they’d be eating that day.  Bobby always had soup, and plenty of stuff to fix sandwiches.  Dean wondered if he might make them tomato and rice.  His stomach growled as they stood there waiting for Dad and Bobby to finish up.  They hadn’t had breakfast yet.
“Because I’m a guy?” Dean scoffed. “Don’t know if you know this, but that ain’t all that popular around these parts. Or anywhere, really.”
“No, no, the children are all perfectly fine. It’s...it’s your father. There was an incident between him and Claire. I am not sure of the specifics, as Jack was relaying the information second hand but...your father is dead,” Cas finished and looked between Sam and Dean, neither man displaying any emotion.
“17? And you didn’t think to tell us?” Dean asked, glaring at the angel now. “What the fuck, Cas, that’s something we deserve to know, something we need to know!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, he called last night and said he’d be a little longer, so you’re stuck with me,” Bobby said.  “He said he misses you boys and he’ll be back as soon as he can.”  Dean snorted.  “You boys need anything?  I oughta go wash this grease off before I start gettin’ it all over the place.”  They both shook their heads, and Bobby headed up toward the stairs, but paused at Sam’s quiet voice, clearly meant for Dean.
“Alice and Alicia,” Bobby said quietly. “I - it was the first year I was hunting, a shapeshifter. I didn’t find them in time.”
“What the fuck happened to you two?” Dean asked when they walked into the bunker.
Dean nodded in understanding, “Do you think we need to move? Go into hiding or something?”
After a long moment, Sam started speaking again, “Every day, I would be tortured and every day I would be offered the chance to pick up the knife and torture others to save myself. I tried so fucking hard but I wasn’t strong enough. I picked up the knife after 30 years down there.”
“It’s too late for that, isn’t it?” Bela smiled tightly up at him. “I’m still stuck there and you’re up here. Forgotten about me already?”
“Dad-” Dean tried to get between them, to try and calm them down, but John just pushed past him to get into Sam’s face.
Before Cas can finish what he’s saying, Sam is out the door. Everyone watched in shock as he left, both by the revelation about what he had done, and by his abrupt reaction. Bobby, Mary and Dean exchanged looks. “Who’s going to go after him?” Mary asked, “He shouldn’t be alone right now.”
Sam, Dean, and Cas had successfully taken out the pack of werewolves with little fanfare, but it was late enough that they would need to stay the night before heading home to the bunker. Sam was out getting them dinner at a local diner, leaving Cas and Dean at the motel. Dean was in the shower when Cas’ phone rang with a call from Jack.
Cas shifted, clearly uncomfortable. “I am going to be okay but Jimmy… the man who graciously allowed me passage in his body, he did not survive.”
“I’ll stay and take care of things around here,” said Ash, “And I’ll keep an eye out for any more signs like these.”
“Thank you,” Jack couldn’t help his blush. “I didn’t realize it had been so long since I left. How did…” Jack trailed off, not wanting to form the words.
“It’s a very old book, written in Enochian, and it’s about archangels,” Castiel said. “I am searching for anything that might be useful to use against Michael.”
“Alright, let’s make a deal. If you can get up and walk to the bathroom, I’ll let you drive,” Dean said with a short nod before moving back, giving her room to stand. Claire took a deep breath and hauled herself up and out of the car. That was when she finally saw Cas standing only a few feet away, looking worried as all get out.
“What do we do?” Sam asked, a bit panicked, “Are we going to bury him?”
“She made a deal, Sammy. She knew what she was doing,” Dean said, leaning back against his pillows.
Dean elbowed Sam, gesturing towards the car. “Don’t you think that’s a little weird?”
Dean laughed as he made his way over to the coffee pot, “What are you doing awake?”
“I shall speak to you soon, Dean,” Cas said and with a flutter and another gust of wind, he was gone.
“You would?” Jack’s head snapped over to look at her, eyes wide with surprise.
“Great! But we have to wait for Jack to decorate it, okay?” Claire said and without waiting for an answer, took off down the hall to her bedroom. She changed into some of her warmest clothes, quickly braiding her hair and shoving her hat on her head, meeting Cas and Dean at the entrance to the garage. “Are we taking the Impala?”
just loud enough to check if he was still possessed.
They got as far as the lobby before the assortment of deities noticed that they had left, at which point they were seized and taken back to the room. They stood back to back, weapons raised as an assortment of gods - both known and unknown to them - advanced. Dean closed his eyes for a fraction of a second, “Cas if you can hear me, I
“Way to make a guy feel special, Cas,” Dean said and took another drink from his beer. “Can I call you that? I’m gonna call you that, much better than Castiel.”
Sam’s heartbeat faltered and he felt his legs go weak, “Where are they? What’s the address?”
John was never satisfied with his guesses as to what happened that November night, but he’d started picking up hunts of his own and started calling and swinging by for research.  He was green while Bobby had been at it for a while, and he remembered what it was like right after Karen died.  Probably would’ve put a bullet in his mouth if he hadn’t run across Rufus with about the only good luck he’d come across the past couple of years.  No matter how much he complained, Rufus was there when he needed him.  John didn’t seem like the type, but he couldn’t stop thinking about the kids sitting in some rundown motel room waiting for their daddy to come back, not knowing that he never was.  So he helped him out when he could.
Cas nodded, “Dean, I’m so sorry, if there was anything else I could’ve done…”
“You’re good with me and Sam taking this one?” Dean asked.
“Is he really…” Dean gestured with his hand, perhaps not wanting to bring the words to life.
to do that.
“I suggest you do not imply that I am doing anything untoward with my
Jack finally cleared his throat when it became clear they forgot that he was there. Dean and Castiel both looked a bit sheepish but Dean pulled him into a hug, squishing him between their larger chests.
“And what about the shit Pestilence was saying? About Lilith?” asked Dean gruffly, “You think we can trust it?”
“Okay not steal, what about...pranks?” Claire amended quickly, raising her eyebrows.
“He hit you?” Jack whispered, swallowing back the bile he could feel rising in his throat.
Dean sighed a little and grabbed all the dishes from the table, depositing them in the sink. “I’m gonna go work on the Impala for a bit, and with that, he was out of the kitchen.
“Nope, we’re waiting until we can talk to Mom,” Sam shook his head. He remained silent the rest of the journey back to the motel. Luckily, she was showered and redressed by the time they arrived, so Sam just threw himself onto one of the beds.
“Just about,” Bobby nodded, still not daring to move his eyes off the girls. “We need to-”
“Cas has told me about what you have been through,” Jack’s voice was soft, compassionate in a way she had only ever really heard from Dean. “It’s a lot, more than most people will go through in their entire lifetime. But you are strong, you don’t let those things control your life. That’s very admirable, Claire.”
Bobby said, “What the hell does that mean?”
“Jack?” She called as she walked down the hall toward the kitchen, frowning when she heard a beeping. She quickened her pace and when she walked into the kitchen she saw her phone sitting on the counter, alarm going off for the cakes. “Shit!” she gasped and rushed to pull the cakes out of the oven, dropping them on the counter. They were dark, much darker than they should be, and very heavy. She shut the oven and poked at one of the cakes, wincing at how dry it felt.
Sam rolled his eyes and pointed to the wall where there was a fire alarm. “We just have to wait until just the right moment when he’s alone and easy to grab.”
as always, you can find me on tumblr @hellerjesuschrist, and Emily @hazloveshisboo.
Claire let out a wet laugh, “I am excited to meet the baby. I just… Kelly almost felt like a mother to me and I didn’t know how much I needed that.”
“We all have,” Dean said. They all bid each other goodnight before splitting off into their respective rooms. Sam and Dean took turns in the shower, Sam first and then Dean. Thankfully, by the time Dean was out, Sam was fast asleep, which gave him the opportunity to slip his shoes back on and head outside. He sat on the trunk of the Impala and closed his eyes, taking a deep breath. “Cas...I just wanted to let you know that War won’t be a problem anymore. We’re all okay. In one piece, more or less.”
Naomi ignored the girls and stepped further still, focusing on Jack, “You have a duty to Heaven, Jack. Come with me, and you’ll have power that you’ve never even dreamed of.”
“What do you think you’re doing boy?” John asked, narrowing his eyes at Dean.
Sam and Dean didn’t notice the difference until they drove by the hospital which was….deserted. There were no cars in the visitors lot, no ambulances coming in or out. If they didn’t know any better, they would think the hospital was closed.
John is storming toward him, “Don’t you
“Well… yeah,” Dean replied, “She’s not going to hurt him, and we don’t have to let her do it unsupervised. I just think that he needs someone more constant than Gabe so that we don’t run into more issues like this.”
“I was eating lunch alone in my classroom,” Troy said solemnly. “Next thing I know, I’m in the gym with all the b-bodies and I’m being arrested.”
When he couldn’t take it anymore, Sam drew in a breath, “You better call Cas. I wouldn’t want him to get hurt.”
“Were you composing a fucking opera in there?” Dean asked. “Took you two long enough.”
“I call you angel,” Dean moved up to Cas’ jaw and then cheek. “Because you’re
“That’s a shame,” Claire muttered, causing Cas to laugh.
As predicted, Azazel wasn’t far behind Jake. He sauntered into the graveyard, yellow eyes scanning between headstones and statues for any potential threats. He smirked, approaching Mary. “Oh, Mary. It must weigh so heavily on you that both your husband and your son are rotting in Hell and it’s all your fault. If you hadn’t been so selfish all those years ago…” he nonchalantly examined his fingernails and tsked, “Things would look so different now, wouldn’t they?”
“Dean,” Jack beamed as the older man reached him and wrapped him in a hug. “I’ve missed you.”
“Fucking Elvis, Mom,” Sam groaned. “How did I not know?”
Sam and Bela arrived mid-morning the following day, in time to take Kaia on a tour of the university campus, leaving Claire and Jack with the rest of the Winchesters. Bobby came over for breakfast, making some excuse about wanting to ask Dean about a case that he was in the process of  figuring out, but everyone knew that it was much more about him missing his boys.
“I did it for you,” Jack replied, looking up at Dean. “You’ve told me before, when I was dying, that true paradise was being surrounded by your family, and doing the things you love. That’s what I wanted to make Heaven into.”
“No, leave her alone.”  And he just.  It’s the easiest thing in the world, suddenly, to pull that trigger.  The kickback gets him and threatens to knock the wind out of him, but there’s a bullet in his daddy’s head and maybe that’s why he can’t breathe.
By the time Dean was done praying, he found himself totally alone in the hallway, Sam, somehow nowhere to be found. “Sam!” he yelled, running into the lobby of the hotel to see if he could find someone, anyone.
“We are nothing alike, Alastair!” Sam almost roared.
Dean stood at the sink in their motel bathroom, scrubbing at his hands. The Siren’s blood covered them, crusting over his skin and getting stuck under and around his nails. His breathing wavered as he shut the water off once it ran clear, even though he could still see red in his nail beds.
Dean flinched at the mention of Sam, but quickly composed himself, “When do we leave?”
