John startled, and wasn’t quite able to hide the look of pure panic that crossed his features.
“Well, who was, then?”
by John so intensely that he won’t mind some hair-pulling or being called a cock slut. He couldn’t take from other men, which was what led him to his twelve-year-old period of celibacy, but John is different. Sherlock is sure it will be fine.
John stops in his tracks. “What? No, it’s… it’s me who should apologise, really, I…”
“Yes.”
, there’s no other word for it, he’s full of John, body and soul.
“Good night, then,” John whispers and kisses Sherlock’s forehead so gently it sends a shiver down Sherlock’s spine. He gets up, discards the condom and gathers his clothes.
When Sherlock first realised he’d developed feelings of attraction Robert, he wasn’t quite sure what to do about it.  He knew that Robert had an ex-wife and a daughter, but his general interest in men was obvious – a straight man, no matter how open-minded, was unlikely to have half his bookshelf full of romance novels with gay male protagonists. But this wasn’t a gay bar, and Robert’s availability and interest in him was far from being as obvious as Florian’s had been. Sherlock could well be mistaken. Robert certainly looked at him in a particular way, but he made no move, and this wasn’t Sherlock’s area.
him. He wants to rut against Sherlock’s thigh right here just so that he can see Sherlock lose control and come in his pants, he wants to bury his fingers in those rich curls as he thrusts inside that maddening, plush mouth, he wants to bend Sherlock over the kitchen table and fuck him until he screams John’s name, wants Sherlock to stretch and fill him and make him see stars with perfect, precise strokes, he wants all of that at once and more, but more than that, he wants to see Sherlock undone. He wants to give him more pleasure than Sherlock had imagined possible, show him just how much John wants him and loves him and adores him.
innocent about sexual matters, but the idea that there’s one in this room with him right now,
John or anyone else for their overbearing involvement in his life, he could have got clean on his own without their “help” that mostly amounts to nothing but an excessive invasion of privacy. He wants to tell John that his words sound rather self-righteous coming from someone whose drinking is evidently getting out of hand. But he doesn’t. One misstep and John will walk out of the flat and never come back, not even on forced visits motivated largely by guilt. He’ll take the criticism and degradation if it delays the moment when John inevitably leaves for good. He’ll even take another beating, if he has to. It’s not like he deserves anything better, anyway. He feels his cheeks heat and he doesn’t know if it’s anger or embarrassment.
Robert smiles. “I’ll always save the best batch for you.”
“Oh, yes!
“I only did that because I love you!”
“Mmm, you brushed your teeth,” John says. “I should do that too.”
me,” he says again and for a moment he looks like he’s going to laugh as he takes a step towards Sherlock. Sherlock instinctively takes a step back, adrenaline coursing through his veins. He has miscalculated,
The thought feels like a sting, but the answer is the same – of course not.
“Okay,” he says, and it occurs to Sherlock that John probably thought Sherlock wouldn’t want to be alone with him, after what happened. But Sherlock has no reason to be afraid of him: there seems to be no anger left in this shadow of his John and if there was, Sherlock trusts himself now to put a stop to it.
“Yeah. I don’t think you’ll be ready to introduce him to your ex-lovers in less than two weeks’ time, will you, so this year’s out.”
But not entirely back to normal, as becomes evident when John goes to make tea and Sherlock reaches for the petri dish containing his latest experiment,  and suddenly they are closer to each other  than they’ve been since that night. John’s breath hitches, and even though Sherlock knows he should move away he can’t bring himself to, not when the closeness of John’s body is so exquisitely tantalising after days of almost no contact. John’s eyes flicker to Sherlock’s lips, and the need to kiss him is an almost magnetic pull, but somehow, Sherlock manages to take a step back.
John isn’t attracted to men. Even in his current befuddled state, the feeling of an erect penis pressing against him might not be very much to his taste and turn him off.
“Your hair is absolutely lovely,” Florian effuses as he shampoos Sherlock’s hair. “It’s such a treat to meet a man who takes good care of his hair.”
“Fuck, Sherlock,” John groans as Sherlock begins stroking him, his eyes sliding shut. “That feels so good.” Emboldened, Sherlock gives it everything he has, making use of all of his limited experience and everything he’s read about, and it doesn’t take very long at all before John’s pulsing hotly in his hand, grunting out a stream of endearments and praise. Sherlock feels a wave of satisfaction wash over him as John sags in his arms, and he thinks idly that giving John an orgasm feels better than solving a difficult case. At least a nine.
“Beautiful,” Florian repeats, and then he leans in and kisses him.
a thing that friends do together, and in the end it’s not so bad and Sherlock ends up rather enjoying himself. It’s like preparing for an undercover mission – Scott Siegerson, out-and-proud gay man on the pull, confident and experienced and comfortable in his own body. Definitely not someone who’s vaguely terrified at the prospect of going to a club with the express purpose of finding a partner for casual sex.
“Great,” John grins at him. “What do you think, Rosie? Shall we take Sherlock to the park?”
“Of course I have to,” John breathes into Sherlock’s mouth. “D’you think I can just ignore it when this beautiful cock gets so nice and hard for me? No bloody way.”
into words is excruciating. It’s like reliving the whole ordeal all over again, but somehow even worse. Having to verbalise what John did and what Sherlock failed to do in response – stopping him – is worse than any sort of physical torture he endured in Serbia. He doesn’t realise he’s crying until Dr Schneider passes him a box of tissues.
John’s head spins. Sex? Did – did Sherlock have sex? With that man? Was that man Sherlock’s
, he needs something like…
He can feel John’s eyes on him as he pours half a packet of penne into boiling water and grates the cheddar, but he refuses to be made uncomfortable by it. Just focus on the cooking.
“Sherlock! Sherlock!”
He pushes John back into his chair and falls on his knees in front of him. He doesn’t look at John’s face as he pushes his legs wide apart and positions himself between them – he only looks at the tented crotch of John’s jeans. He unbuckles John’s belt and opens his trousers, listening to the harsh sounds of John’s breathing, and then places his hand awkwardly inside the vee of the zip, against the bulge in John’s pants. He can feel John hot and hard underneath his palm as he grinds down, eliciting a grunt from John’s lips.
John takes a few shaky breaths, then continues.
“Where d’you go?” John mumbles, not even opening his eyes fully. “I missed you.”
” Sherlock pants, and as John dips his fingers lower to press against Sherlock’s perineum and Sherlock moans, it occurs to John that Sherlock loves anal stimulation, and surely during all his celibate years he didn’t make do with just his fingers.
” Sherlock wailed into the crook of John’s neck, moving without conscious thought now, his cock pushing erratically against John’s thigh. He felt ready to burst, utterly desperate to come, the pleasure was nearing its peak and he needed just a little more, just a little more,
“Shut the fuck up!” John shouts, so close Sherlock can feel his breath, droplets of saliva hitting his face. “You think you can manipulate me with some carefully chosen words, hmm? Tell me you love me, tell me you’re sorry! You don’t know what any of that means! You don’t pretend to kill yourself in front of someone you love! You don’t fake your death and then waltz back into their life like nothing happened! You don’t force their forgiveness by making them believe they’re about to get blown up in a train carriage! You don’t get high as a kite and throw yourself in the hands of a serial killer to make them take care of you! You have
go to bars?”
“I mean just to sleep,” John explained gently, clearly sensing Sherlock’s sudden nervousness. “It’s late, and there’s no rush.”
, and which are a result of John’s actions.
“It is,” Sherlock says even though he feels equally incredulous, and bends his head to capture John’s lips.
John laughs. “Have a lot of experience with beauty treatments, do you?”
“What else would you want?” John asked quietly, his fingers stroking through Sherlock’s hair. “And I mean for yourself now. What would make you comfortable, what would you enjoy?”
Sherlock repeats pleadingly, and John takes pity on him – and on himself. He spreads Sherlock’s cheeks with his hands, finally revealing his prize: Sherlock’s tight pink hole, clean and inviting.
He doesn’t sleep with Robert anymore. It’s just impossible, after having talked so openly – how could he sleep with someone who
His therapist, Dr Schneider, turns out to be no idiot at all. She’s a woman in her late fifties with short-cropped grey hair and piercing eyes. Sherlock deduces she got her PhD in London, that she has a considerably younger female partner, two cats, enjoys gardening and knitting… and that she can read him just as easily as he can read her, deducing him right back.
“Fuck, you’re so hot like this, d’you know?” John says as he wraps one arm around Sherlock’s chest and starts tugging at his cock. “So hot.” Sherlock lets out gasps and moans as his hips move frantically, grinding down against the toy, thrusting up inside John’s fist.
, on the other hand, the person Sherlock loves more than anything in this world and who called Sherlock his best friend not so long ago… Was he lying when he said that? He must have been, otherwise he wouldn’t have treated Sherlock like trash.
Sherlock looks into John’s stormy blue eyes. Nothing is magically solved, but hearing John say he wants to be his friend is everything to Sherlock.
“I’m fine. It was lovely,” Sherlock tells him honestly and leans in for a deep, lingering kiss, enjoying the scratch-tickle-burn of Robert’s beard. He feels good, in a quiet, understated sort of way, and very ready for his post-coital cuddle, but not yet. “What can I do for you?”
That’s what he usually does. But now that he knows that Sherlock’s available to him… he might make different plans.
“I... accept the apology,” he tries. “Please don’t worry about it anymore.”
This is a mess.
Sherlock’s waiting for him spread out on the bed, naked and half hard again already.  John nearly drops everything at the sight of him, but manages to deposit it safely on the bedside table, and then he lunges at Sherlock.
It’s a bit of a shame that there doesn’t seem to be much he could do for Robert, whose kindness has definitely meant the most to him. He tries at least to make their encounters as good for Robert as possible. He’s always been a quick learner, and he’s fairly confident in his skills by now. He knows what Robert likes and how to give it to him in the most effective way, and being able to bring him to intense orgasms is incredibly satisfying. He gets more comfortable with bottoming every time he does it, and soon learns how to make the most of what it offers, to explosive results for both of them.
“Fine,” Sherlock says, but evidently isn’t even trying to sound convincing. He keeps looking at his tea.
The most difficult part of his stay comes when he and Dr Schneider finally talk about the event that prompted him to come here (or ‘
Slowly, they undress each other, never moving further away from each other than absolutely necessary, barely breaking the kiss. John’s hands roam over Sherlock’s body, his broad shoulders, his narrow hips, the flat panes of his chest, and a flush of arousal colours his cheeks, miraculous. Sherlock lets himself touch John in ways he never dared to before, with reverent affection, and John sighs his name in reply. It’s so very different from anything Sherlock has known before.
Their food arrives. Sherlock looks down at his plate of fluffy pancakes, but he has no appetite anymore.
Sherlock begins rocking his hips slowly, the delicious drag of his cock inside John sending sparks of pleasure throughout his body. Sherlock gasp and sighs behind him, picking up speed only very gradually. Finally he finds his rhythm, fucking John steadily while still holding him close to his chest, his thrusts short but precise.
“Hmm.”
fuck, do that again, you marvel,” John can’t seem to stop talking, a string of profanities, moans and praise for Sherlock, but never anything Sherlock would rather not hear. He sucks harder. “Fuck yes! Keep doing that, Sherlock—
He raises his eyebrows at John, who smirks.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock only realises that he’s still expecting searing pain when it doesn’t come. It hurts, but so much less than what he’s been bracing himself against, more pressure and stretch and discomfort than full-on pain. He’s been prepared so carefully and there’s plenty of lube and Robert moves at a glacial pace, waiting for Sherlock’ body to yield to him rather than forcing his way in – it’s honestly almost underwhelming in how
“Thank you. I try,” Sherlock murmurs, feeling the subtle flush that can only be caused by John’s praise creep up his neck. He didn’t know he could still feel that. He tries to come up with something more to say. “It’s amazing how quickly she’s learning. I’m sorry I missed so much of her progress.”
Sherlock eyes widen, and
John touches his shoulder gently. “You know it’s all right if…”
—don’t stop now, don’t… please, yes,
They never talk about it, or acknowledge it outside the bedroom in any way. John seems satisfied, and Sherlock is happy for the opportunity to be close to John and gather new data about him. He doesn’t care for the sex much, since he knows he’s just a stand-in, but sometimes John will stroke his hair or gently kiss his temple or shoulder or forehead, and Sherlock loves that, because then he can believe it’s an expression of John’s actual affection for him, even if he wouldn’t demonstrate it like that in normal circumstances. He treasures those moments.
. Everything indicates that he will be a generous, caring lover.
“So you’re not… I haven’t accidentally been leading you on?” Sherlock asks, ashamed that he never thought of this until today. He’d deduced when he first met Robert that he was solitary by nature and wasn’t looking for a permanent partner, but he gets things wrong sometimes, and he should have been more careful when the thing at stake was someone’s heart. It’s hard to imagine someone could fall in love with him, but he shouldn’t risk it anyway, no matter how improbable it is.
“All right, love?” he asks Sherlock as he hands him the bottle of water.
It’s not true: Sherlock isn’t okay. If he were, he wouldn't be lying in a stranger’s arms, lapping up every bit of kindness thrown his way. But even the meaningless words are soothing when spoken in Florian’s gentle tone of voice and coupled with his fingers carding through Sherlock’s hair, and Sherlock lets himself find comfort in it.
“But not boyfriends?” John asks slowly after a moment. Sherlock can’t quite interpret his tone.
“Are you sure you’re okay? Not getting overwhelmed?”
seemed utterly unthinkable…
“It’s fine,” Sherlock says, reluctant to let John get out of bed. Why should he mind the slightly sour taste of John’s mouth? He’ll kiss it away. He sets about doing just that, and the kisses go from slow and languid to something more insistent as John wakes up properly.
that they can manage that now. Baby steps. “How’s the therapy going?” he asks, hoping that he isn’t overstepping a line.
, they’d be closer than close and then John would fuck him, driving his thick cock in and in until he came, taking pleasure from Sherlock’s body, and then it would be over and Sherlock would not have failed.
Sherlock made a small sound of assent, not really able to speak.
“Come here,” John murmured, letting go of Sherlock’s hand and wrapping his arms around him. “You’ll never not be good enough for me, Sherlock,” he whispered, his breath warm on Sherlock’s ear. “Please try not to worry about that. You’re
But no – that’s not true. He knows it’s not true. He’s not the same man he was a few month ago. The fact that he’s sitting here, examining his feelings from every angle, is proof of that. He still wants John, yes, but now he has conditions – he wants a John who will love him and care for him and let Sherlock love him back, who will never take out his anger on him and use Sherlock as his personal punching bag. He won’t accept John’s love if it comes with a side of abuse, not anymore.
life. That he could just leave. This is what John has done: he’s managed to drive Sherlock out of his own home. He made Sherlock
“I’ll just…” Sherlock gestures vaguely towards the bathroom, grateful for having a pretext to disappear.
“You’ve said,” Sherlock says, aiming for matter-of-fact and achieving it perhaps a bit too well. “You don’t have to keep repeating it. I know you mean it.” It’s the only saving grace in this mess.
“It’s your fault,” Sherlock points out. “But you don’t have to…” John shuts him up with a kiss.
“It’s okay. Stay.”
He washed away the drying remnants of lube and put on his pyjamas – he needed to be fully covered for this conversion, but he didn’t feel he had the strength to get properly dressed.
Sherlock just nods, drinking half the bottle in big gulps.
They take a funicular that takes them about two thirds up to the falls to breath-taking views of rushing water as well as the valley and the mountain range on the opposite side, and then they hike higher through the forest where fresh green leaves have barely sprouted. Florian chatters throughout, the sort of constant stream of words that Sherlock usually despises, but he doesn’t really mind today. He’s glad he doesn’t have to contribute much to the conversation – it’s never been his forte, and even less now when he barely knows who he is. He enjoys Florian’s easy smiles, his occasional touches – a hand on Sherlock’s back or elbow as they cross over treacherous terrain, unnecessary but so welcome.
It’s not like the thought’ has never occurred before, but it was always easy to push it way. Sherlock was dead. Then he wasn’t dead but John was getting married, and then John was married, and then his wife was dead and he was grieving. It was always easy to look the other way and not to examine the suspicion (and more than suspicion) that his feelings for Sherlock might not be entirely platonic.
The shower stops, and in a moment he hears Sherlock pad towards his bedroom. John lets him wait a little – as long as he can keep himself from rushing to have a look at that stunning body. Sherlock likes it when John is the one in control in bed – not dominating, exactly, but undeniably in charge of the proceedings. So he keeps Sherlock waiting a little bit, and when he can’t bear it anymore he goes to the bedroom, taking a bottle of water and a thoroughly wet flannel with him – Sherlock can get a little clingy after sex, and John doesn’t like having to leave him even for a second.
“John, I… please, if you agree, I’d like…” Sherlock hesitates, not sure how to continue.
“Yes.”
When night begins to fall, Sherlock locks himself in the bathroom and sets about getting ready. First, enema. It might not be entirely necessary, given that John’s a doctor and hardly squeamish, but Sherlock’s already a poor substitute to what John really wants, so he should at least try to spare him any unpleasant surprises. Next, shower. He cleans himself as thoroughly as he can, using a shower gel with a flowery fragrance that he hopes will be enough to mask any distinctly masculine scents. Then, as close a shave as possible, followed by a scentless balm that promises to leave his skin soft and smooth.
Sherlock hesitates for a second, wondering if it would be best to keep this to himself for now, then says, “I call it The Beekeeper’s Sonata.”
He’s such a piece of trash.
to tell them, even, but the words don’t come. “I want…”He’s able to ask for things in bed – where he wants to be touched, how he wants to be fucked, what he wants to do to the others – but this? How can he say that he wants to be made love to, that he’s come here to beg for affection? He realises suddenly that unless he does something right now to stop it he’s going to start crying, right here on Patrick and Sam’s sofa.
John chuckles. “Okay. Repeat it for me.”
“Jesus Christ,” John whispers and lifts his head, looking at Sherlock with a pained expression. “You have nothing to apologise for. You… just, just listen to me now, okay? You are
“Good,” John smiled at him, but not even that loving smile could calm the nervous roiling in Sherlock’s stomach. “We also need to talk about what it was that you found so overwhelming so that we can avoid it. But we can do that in the morning, you look done in.”
Sherlock shakes his head, but he doesn’t intend to lie to them. “No. It’s someone I’ve known for a while, actually.”
And then, of course, one day he fails on a much higher level.
and nothing else, nothing that would make Sherlock’s stomach turn, and he didn’t hurt him in any way, and yet he managed to make himself the centre of Sherlock’s universe and give Sherlock a spectacular orgasm, and now he’s making Sherlock feel positively
“Try to stop thinking,” John murmured as he kissed along Sherlock’ jaw, and then moved to press his lips against Sherlock’s forehead. “Let this beautiful brain relax for a moment. Just focus on what it feels like.” His mouth found Sherlock’s again and he kissed him deeply. “Does it feel good?”
ever again. Just thinking about… makes me want to throw up.”
“I would love to show you around,” he says, and the touch of his fingers changes subtly. Still professional, but with a hint of a caress now, and Sherlock has to stop himself from sighing audibly. This is the kindest touch he’s experienced in… he doesn’t even know how long. And he never
John hisses, redoubling his efforts. “C’mon, Sherlock, come for me,
“Now?”
it is. He assumed he’d have to endure this part, suffer through it before he could start enjoying it, but it turns out there’s nothing to be endured. It’s not pleasurable or even just comfortable and he’s lost his erection, but that’s no different from the first few times he tried pushing his little finger in. It’s fine. He’s fine.
“No,” he says as if it shocks him a little. “I wouldn’t, I couldn’t. Not ever again. I – want to make love to you any way you want me to. I want to make you feel good. That’s all there is.”
Sherlock nods. “Just go slowly.”
careful, and so is John, ke knows. It feels like they’re trying to dismantle a bomb together.
John kisses him thoroughly, moving with a little more purpose now but still careful not to cross the line between pleasure and pain. He needn’t have worried, though: soon, Sherlock’s heels dig into his thighs, urging him on.
, that’s gorgeous, Sherlock, that’s—!” John pants, rutting frantically against Sherlock and then coming, Sherlock’s name on his lips.
A longer text this time, a bit of flattery… John’s trying, obviously. Making an effort to talk to Sherlock without scaring him off. Sherlock can appreciate that – he remembers very well how hard it was to find the right words when the felt like John didn’t want to hear from him.
On the other hand… Sherlock was clearly in a pretty bad state of mind when John left him. And has a history of illicit substance abuse.
Sherlock collapses back on the pillow as soon as he has drunk his fill, looking half asleep already. John settles next to him, cuddling close the way they like it.
Then, very gently, Robert asks: “Did he break your heart?”
“No, but, well. Here you go.”
Sherlock tucks him in gently and does his fly up,  a cold feeling of shame settling over him as he gets up and looks for a blanket. John may have initiated, but he was intoxicated and clearly not himself. Sherlock had taken advantage of his drunk and grieving friend, who had expressed his complete lack of interest in him too many times to count, in the most disgusting way, and even John’s unparalleled capacity for forgiveness might not be enough for this kind of breach of trust.
Sherlock slumps in his chair and John removes his foot carefully:  he’s so hard it feels like the slightest movement could set him off.
“Yes, John,
“John,” Sherlock breaks his string of moans and whimpers, his voice as unlike itself as John has ever heard it. “Jo-
“Fine,” Sherlock said, surprised at how certain he sounded. “Just – a bit nervous.” That was all it was. He was just nervous, and John had said that was okay.
“It’s not my birthday.”
who I’d introduce you to,” he says smugly.
“But I promise you’ll be the first person I’ll call if I ever run out of honey.” The boot of his rented car is full of jars of various sizes, some for himself, some intended as presents.
likes it hard, but because he knows Sherlock needs it, and because he knows Sherlock finds it easier when given a direct command. “Fuck me harder, hard as you can.”
He’s sitting at the kitchen table watching the back of John’s chair when John wakes. He groans in pain as he shifts, then swears under his breath, moving gingerly, trying to locate the sources of all his pains and aches.
“Of course, love.” John moves very gently, rocking against Sherlock’s warm body. He buries his face in Sherlock’s shoulder, breathing him in, as his minute thrusts send shivers of intense arousal through him. Soon enough, he feels Sherlock’s spent cock twitch in renewed interest again.
a considerate lover, and of course he wouldn’t want to leave his partner unsatisfied, even if… well. Even if he found the act off-putting.
“Sorry. I’m an idiot.”
Sherlock makes a desperate keening sound, because he’s had John in his mouth and in his arse and it was all he’d ever wanted, but he really does need to come now, his cock feels ready to burst, and he wishes John would tell him to touch himself and get himself off, but no. He does something better.
, while you’re telling yourself you just want whatever’s best for me, what you really want is for me to do something that hurts you so that you can stoically bear it and feel like you’re evening the scales. Trust me, I know the feeling.”
“You did so well, love, you were incredible. Are you all right?”
“You did? That’s, um, good.” John cleared his throat awkwardly. “I’ll definitely not stop you. Your hands are amazing and I – should probably not thing about them in so much detail right now,” he added and then shifted his hips and…
, not a persona he projects. It’s a superficial kind of appreciation, yes, but he’d like it to be real at least, if this is the best he can get. And he’d like... He winces internally at how pathetic his needs are, but the Dr Schneider that now lives permanently in his mind palace reminds him that he should acknowledge and accept them. He’d like it if his partners were willing to give him a little… non-sexual affection afterwards, the way Florian did, and he supposes this kind of thing isn’t exactly what people go looking for in a gay bar. He’s not naive enough to expect anyone to actually like him, not on any deeper level (and even if they did, it’s not like he would be able to reciprocate), he knows that any hugs or caresses would be just as meaningless as the sex, but… it would mean something to him. Florian’s attentions made him feel
John struggled out of his pants and then reached for the condom wrapper that Sherlock was clumsily trying to open – his hands were shaking.
“Hello, darling. I see there’s food on your forehead, so it must be good,” John says with a smile and bends down to kiss the top of her head. As he does so he looks at Sherlock, and giggles.
“Good,” John said. He cupped Sherlock’s cheek, stroking the soft skin under Sherlock’s eye. “Is there anything else I need to know?”
is hot.
To make matters worse, there haven’t even been that many cases to give Sherlock something else to focus on. At first, he was effectively on house arrest imposed by his well-meaning friends, and too weak to run around the city anyway. But even as his strength returned, his enthusiasm for the work… hasn’t. It’s probably only due to the fact that there doesn’t seem to be anything interesting going on in the world and nobody has contacted him with anything more than a four for ages. It just doesn’t seem worth the trouble – not when there’s no chance of having John by his side. A part of Sherlock wants to tell John to stop bothering to come if it’s just a chore to him, but the rest of him covets every second he can spend in John’s company, whatever the circumstances.
John’s fingertips ghost over Sherlock’s temple, and that’s the moment: Sherlock’s hands take hold of John’s shirt to pull him down, but before he has the time to actually do that he’s already on his back and John’s on top of him, kissing him with a desperate hunger.
“Forever, then,” Sherlock says simply and surges up to claim John’s mouth. They kiss hungrily, John’s fingers tangled in Sherlock’s hair, and Sherlock pours all his love into the kiss, hoping John can understand everything Sherlock will never be able to put into words.
“A colleague at the surgery got them for his wife, but she broke her leg so she can’t go, and he says she’s the only one who could ever make him voluntarily sit through ‘three hours of prancing’, so he was looking to sell them.”
Two weeks after leaving London, Sherlock receives an email from the woman he hired to be Rosie’s nanny. She usually emails him the number of hours she worked that week so that he can pay her the rest of her wages. This time, however, she lets him know that she will no longer be working for Dr Watson because he moved to the other side of London and the commute would be too long for her. Sherlock stares at the email, dumbfounded. John moved out of the house he had shared with Mary? But where? Why? He wants to text John to find out for a split second, then reconsiders and nearly contacts Molly or Lestrade or Mrs Hudson to see if they know something, or if all else fails, Mycroft, even though encouraging his brother’s meddling is never advisable and it took a substantial amount of effort to make sure he’d leave John alone (he doesn’t know what happened, but there aren’t many people who could make Sherlock want to leave London). He forces himself not to contact anyone. He’s here because he needs distance from John, that much is clear to him now. He needs to maintain that distance until the time is right. Cold turkey.
He goes to his bedroom to get dressed. A part of him wishes to put on a crisp shirt, well-pressed trousers, a perfectly fitted jacket – now that John
“Poison.”
“But you were,” Patrick points out. “You just gave us a nickname, that’s all. Everything was true.” He doesn’t seem to doubt his words at all, and Sherlock knows that he’s right – assuming a different name allowed him to really be himself, embrace his vulnerability and his desires.
“Sorry,” he said, embarrassment colouring his voice. Sherlock gripped his hand to make sure he couldn’t get too far.
Sherlock smiles. He feels surprisingly okay about all of this, he realises. He let Patrick and Sam see him in a moment of weakness, let them help him, let them know that what he truly craves is a loving relationship. And it’s fine. It’s
Finally,
And there it is again, reliable as clockwork when Irene’s name is mentioned: a flare of jealousy in John’s eyes, his muscles tensing. It’s so obvious now that Sherlock knows to look for it. How could have have missed it before?
“So,” Irene smiles dangerously once the waiter has gone, leaning forward a little. “That’s why you’ve finally deigned to meet me, is it? I’ve been wondering.”
Sherlock looks at John’s distressed face, trying to come up with something to say that would alleviate John’s worries. Saying that he’s sure nothing like that will happen would just sound like a dismissal of John’s concerns, and he can’t, in good conscience, promise that he’d be able to stop John. He takes John’s hand in both of his and gently strokes John’s skin with his thumb as he thinks.
John chuckles. “Well, if you want to play matchmaker, I think it would be easier to do here.”
John reaches for the remote and turns on the vibrations. Sherlock’s reaction is immediate and stronger that John expected: his entire body jerks wildly and he shouts, gripping John’s legs hard enough to bruise.
The night of their first kiss, they stayed on the sofa well into the small hours of the morning, kissing and cuddling and talking. Despite John’s usual reticence regarding emotional matters, this time he really seemed to want to talk to Sherlock about how he felt, to explain how he had bottled up his same-sex attraction and feelings for Sherlock, until Sherlock’s confession of his love finally forced him to stop ignoring it. Sherlock listened, aware what a privilege it was for John to share his feelings with him like that. He couldn’t really relate – he’d known he was gay since before knew what gay meant and it was never something he felt in any way ashamed of; not because he had grown up in a particularly open-minded environment, but mostly because he didn’t feel his sexual orientation was in any way relevant: romantic entanglements were to be avoided in any case. He did understand, however, how much self-loathing could affect your life, and he did his best to be supportive and try to convince John there was no need for his lingering sense of guilt.
be hurt? He never imagined, not even when he told him to text Irene, that Sherlock might actually… crave affection.
. He turns and starts walking away without a word.
“You look better than the last time I saw you,” he says lightly, trying to pretend that this isn’t one of the most significant conversations they’ve ever had.
“It’s okay,” John whispered as he ran his hands up Sherlock’s thighs and back and pulled him close. “We don’t do anything you don’t want, I promise. I love you.” He stroked soothingly up and down Sherlock’s back, not straying lower just yet.  Sherlock exhaled shakily and wrapped his arms around John, pulling him as close to his chest as possible. As long as he could hold on to John, he would be fine.
He doesn’t say anything, but he must make some noise because John looks up.
never to hurt you again, not ever. Just… give me a little more time, yeah?”
“Yeah, I guess we will,” John admits. It won’t be easy, but it will be necessary. “Just one more item on a very long list. But I wanted to say… we’ll still just friends for now, so if you wanted to keep seeing them, that’s okay.”
“You’re right about that,” Sherlock admits, even though he honestly doesn’t think he’ll
“Was that okay? You’re not hurt?”
, he’d prefer to have his armour on, to present an immaculate front – to look less like a pathetic fool who still feels a spark of hope whenever John smiles at him. But he refuses to succumb to the urge. He’ll just behave normally and maybe, if he tries hard enough, everything will
Back in the day, John would ditch therapy in favour of a case in a heartbeat. It means so much that now he takes it seriously enough not to do that.
“Well, when you are, just remember that I know
“What? How?”
“Oh, I’m sure it will come in handy,” Sherlock smirks, although he’s not thinking of John. Given their agreement, he knows he’s looking at weeks if not months of celibacy, and in that time he definitely intends to explore the world of sex toys a bit more. This will be a good start, and given Patrick and Sam’s words, he can’t wait to try it.
“I love you too,” John says as he drops open-mouthed kisses everywhere he can reach. “So much, Sherlock, so much.”
John sighs, and nods his head. “Yeah, I know you would.” It doesn’t sound like it makes him particularly happy, however. He looks up and takes hold of Sherlock’s hand.
Robert thought of it. Sherlock feels an absurd need to thank him for being so considerate, but he stops himself just in time. That would be embarrassing.
John breathes heavily, and Sherlock… does nothing. He just is, there in the kitchen, looking at John but not really seeing him.
“Fuck! That’s it, I’m gonna—there, yes,
“It would help if you could tell me what to do,” he admits, looking at his hands rather than at John.
“Morning,” he grins at Sherlock, and it stuns Sherlock into silence. He’d been preparing himself for another round of painful awkwardness, but this is not it. This is—just John. “I’m making a fry-up, and you’re going to have some,” he announces, and he sounds—okay.  Happy, almost. “No excuses.”
What are they doing right now? Cleaning up after lunch, maybe, having coffee together, sitting in companionable silence as each of them does his own thing. Sherlock has no right to intrude on their domesticity – he leeches on their privacy as it is. They invite him, yes, but they don’t know that the sex is only a part of why he comes, that he watches voraciously for all the little ways that show how much they love and care for each other, touches and looks and gestures that they’re probably not even aware of, little glimpses of a healthy, loving relationship that are the next best thing to having one himself. How could he possibly ask them for anything more?
“Sherlock,” he said softly, touching Sherlock’s face again. “Why did you feel you needed to calm down? Was I – was I hurting you?” he asked barely above a whisper.
“You’d never hurt a fly,” he points out.
“I know. I want it. I want you,” Sherlock says firmly, and means it more than he thought possible, more than could ever have imagined wanting someone who isn’t John.
After the opening session, however, things get much, much harder. She asks him uncomfortable questions. Makes him talk about things he doesn’t want to talk about, and he gives in because she’s probably already deduced them. She makes him look at himself from an outsider’s perspective, look at himself the way he looks at other people, and he takes the clues in his own behaviour and assembles them into a whole, and the resulting picture is someone completely different than who he’s always taken himself to be.
He sends the text with his heart racing, knowing that it’s not just a text – that by sending it he’s permitting John to re-establish contact between.
“I did, I knew you would’ve stopped, but I didn’t
Does he wish to respond? Sherlock considers it for long minutes, then texts back.
“Baby wipes. Drawer,” Sherlock says, not sure he’d be able to manage full sentences.
that sounded so
Jack makes him happy. He feels better – good enough that he starts texting John unprompted, like he used to do back in the day. He sends him a close-up photo of a dead man’s hand and texts,
Sherlock’s food moves higher up John’s leg, tickling the sensitive skin of his inner thigh. “Please.”
“So… who is it?” Sam asks, and before Sherlock can even begin to answer, Patrick blurts out, “Is it Dr Watson?” before clamping his hand over his mouth.
“Like what you see, you gorgeous thing?” Florian smirks when he catches Sherlock looking and crawls back to Sherlock, a small foil sachet of lubricant in his hand. Sherlock flushes hotly and nods.
Terry flinches next to him, then sighs.
. At the same time, however, he had promised to tell John if something was wrong, which would be incredibly counterproductive, but he knew he wouldn’t be able to go so directly against John’s wishes.
“Yes.” Robert hesitates for a moment, his hand returning to Sherlock’s hair.  “So… you’re really planning to go back to him?”
In the end, he decides to broach the subject openly. He’s really out of his depth here and he can’t risk doing something wrong. Besides, he’s been trying to repay John’s honesty with his own.
“Let me tell you what I think,” Sam says slowly, turning back from Patrick to Sherlock. “I think that something happened that upset you – I don’t know what, you can tell us if you want, or not, that’s up to you – and you were feeling… lonely, and you came here because you wanted something from us, but you didn’t think we would want to give it, and that’s why you didn’t text, or ring the bell.”
“Sherlock… why did you never try to defend yourself?” he asks, sounding miserable. “Did you really think I was entitled?”
John selects one of Sherlock’s array of lubricants and starts opening Sherlock up. He goes slowly, his fingers massaging at this most private part of Sherlock’s body and then dipping in, one by one. The tenderness and intimacy of it is heart-stopping, John never stops looking at him, stroking and kissing any part of him that he can reach, murmuring endearments. He takes his time with him, teasing him, spoiling him rotten. At one point Sherlock has to actually ask him to stop because he feels too close to coming, and when the edge recedes and John returns his three fingers back inside Sherlock’s body and adds a fourth, moving them shallowly in and out, Sherlock thinks he might go insane with want.
Sherlock stomach roils with a wave of nausea, and any thoughts of a quick wank he might have had are gone.
“John, I’m so—“
“Thanks,” he murmurs and changes the topic quickly.  “Rosie clearly has the makings of a scientist. I was thinking she could get her own microscope when she’s a bit older.”
, Sherlock would die of embarrassment.
Except, of course, Rosie is having her afternoon nap in Sherlock’s bedroom, and then wakes and needs her nappy changed and a snack and then it’s time for John to take her home and then Lestrade calls and then John has a shift at the surgery and then Rosie refuses to sleep and then there’s a client and in the end, it takes
“Found it, have we?” John says, self-satisfied. Sherlock can
The thing is – it all feels a little bit like a date. It’s not, of course, and it’s probably just Sherlock’s lack of personal experience with the concept that makes him think that. But the truth is that they don’t usually make plans in advance to go out and spend time together – there are cases and spur-of-the-moment decisions, that’s all. They don’t gift each other expensive ballet tickets. John doesn’t come to pick Sherlock up, wearing a midnight blue suit (off the rack, but a reasonably good fit) that brings out his eyes, a whiff of cologne, his hair neatly combed. It’s… strange. But Sherlock tries not to pick at it, not to try deducing what’s behind it. He wants to enjoy this evening with John – a rare opportunity with neither a case nor Rosie. It feels too precious to ruin it by examining it like a piece of evidence.
“One cannot be too careful,” Sherlock says, and he is at that moment being
He takes out an envelope from a side pocket of Rosie’s nappy bag and hands it to Sherlock. Sherlock frowns and lifts the flap, taking out two theatre tickets. The Bolshoi Ballet at the Royal Opera House,
John tenses in his arms. “Are you sure?”
Sam gives an appreciative whistle when Sherlock takes off his coat, and Sherlock realises that this is the first time he’s worn his usual clothing to see them, instead of his gay-man-on-the-pull outfit. He’s wearing a well-tailored suit and a crisp dark blue shirt, and it seems clear that Sam likes the look.
“What? I thought…” he frowns, confused
“Yes,” Sherlock says haltingly, still rather taken aback. If he is to spend hours trapped in a building with hundreds of idiots, he generally prefers concerts of classical music, but he doesn’t object to a good ballet now and then, and it’s true he doesn’t particularly mind looking at the muscular thighs of male ballet dancers.  “But won’t
In the end, he brushes his teeth and then cleans himself very, very thoroughly – there is no doubt in his mind about how he would like their third time to go. It’s rather unexpected – his own preparatory attempts at penetration were always more practical than erotic and he never felt any special desire for this particular act, but last night as he held John’s cock in his hand… well, it turns out he does want John inside him, and rather badly. Less because of the physical sensations and more because he
John kissed him, soft and gentle. Sherlock let himself relax into the kiss – everything would be fine. This was John: John would be careful and gentle and loving.
They kiss languidly, and John presses himself against Sherlock’s masculine body like he wants to be there, he buries his face in Sherlock’s neck and breathes in the smell of his sweat that Sherlock hasn’t had time to wash away, and finally, Sherlock allows himself to do what he’s wanted to do for so long: he wraps his arms around John, and holds him. John lets himself be pulled close, his hands stoking up and down Sherlock’s back, first through his shirt, then under it.
“Me.”
The jittery arousal he felt just moments before is gone without a trace. This isn’t about sex, it’s a display of dominance, pure and simple.
John had told Sherlock quite emphatically that they never had to do anything Sherlock didn’t want to and Sherlock felt absolutely certain John would never pressure him into anything, but some of the behaviour John had displayed since they got together made it quite clear that what John meant by that was they would either have penetrative sex with Sherlock on the bottom, or not have sex at all. He didn’t seem to consider the option of doing anything else at all. It was subconscious, Sherlock was sure, but true: although John had managed to overcome his hang-ups about his attraction to men enough to admit his feelings for Sherlock and enter into a romantic relationship with him, he now felt a need to establish himself as “the man”in the relationship. He wasn’t aware he was doing it, and if someone asked him which one of them was “the girl”, John would no doubt point out in no uncertain terms that they were both men and then quite possibly punch the person in the face. But subconsciously, he had quite evidently decided that Sherlock should be the girl: if they were kissing lying down, he made sure Sherlock would be underneath him, if standing, Sherlock would be the one pressed against the wall, if sitting, Sherlock would be in his lap. Additionally, in the last two weeks John’s preference for beer over wine and action movies and sport matches over anything else on the telly had increased exponentially, he suddenly seemed to develop an interest in cars and lose any ability to tell colours apart, he ogled women as if it life depended on it and generally engaged in any kind of stereotypically male behaviour he could think of. Sherlock didn’t really mind: he was sure John would get over his macho phase soon enough, as he got over his internalized prejudices and realised that his masculinity was in fact still intact. And the fact that Sherlock had no sexual experience also meant he hadn’t developed any preferences: he would happily play any role John wanted him to.
“Patrick!” Sam shouts in the direction of the kitchen. “Christmas’s come early and it looks like we’ve been
This is the end of what Sherlock has been trying not to want for so long, then: John in a drunken stupor, asleep in his chair with his trousers open and his cock out, and Sherlock with a sore throat and tears prickling at the back of his eyes.
“That big brain of yours never gives you a break, does it?” John asks, and places an exceedingly gentle kiss on Sherlock’s forehead. “Is there anything that helps?”
“Might be a case,” John points out, clearly hoping that it is, that something will distract them from this conversation, that like so many times before, they’ll somehow be able to sweep things under the rug without ever actually addressing them. Sherlock won’t let that happen, as much as he hates this.
and it’s not drugs – that’s all he cares about. It’s good to feel that he can have a little physical affection, that he’s deserving of it, even if it’s just in the context of no-strings-attached sex with someone who doesn’t even know his real name. It’s better than nothing – and it’s definitely better than getting beaten up by his best friend.
“Not submissive,” Sherlock clarifies, but not before John’s mind has had time to flash an image of Sherlock slapping a faceless man’s back with a riding crop. “Darian specialises in… gentleness.”
“Why would someone gorgeous and brilliant like you be wasting his time here in the middle of nowhere with a fat old beekeeper, unless you were trying to get over someone who broke your heart?”
Sherlock takes a breath and lets it out slowly. “And what, pray tell, was you
“Excuse me, I obviously don’t need any,” Sherlock scoffs in mock offence.
Sherlock nods, heat rising in his cheeks. Sam crouches at his feet, places one hand on Sherlock’s knee and finds Sherlock’s downcast eyes.
“No. We’re not going to do anything hardcore, yes, and I won’t hurt you or do anything you said you don’t want – not intentionally. But we’re new to this, to, to each other. I’m not leaving anything to chance. So: a safeword.”
He sits up, and finds John sitting in his chair.
“I want to kiss you,” he says, remembering the promise he just made. “May I?”
“I want to see that,” John growls. “I want to see you fuck yourself on those beautiful long fingers. Will you show me?”
“Touch yourself,” John tells him and Sherlock does so immediately, and throwing his head back as John helps him to move faster.
“Stop,” Sherlock managed through gritted teeth, “please.”
“Touch yourself,” John tells him, and Sherlock does so without hesitation, one hand flying to pump at his cock with rapid strokes.
“I don’t think I need to explain the concept of masturbation to you, of all people,” Sherlock says rather brusquely, squirming in John’s arms impatiently because John’s not touching his cock anymore.
The way he says his makes it sound like nothing matters, and John feels awful, awful that Sherlock is so
“You won’t,” Sherlock says and John immediately opens his mouth to object that Sherlock can’t know that, but Sherlock doesn’t let him say a word. “We’ll take precautions.”
“But John, if you could just ignore it, I
exception of you has managed to notice that I. Am. Gay. I have no idea why you’re so fixated on Irene Adler but I can give you her number if you think that might help.”
“Order me. Command me,” Sherlock snaps, angry at his own inability to talk about this with dignity.
! Don’t need them, we were both tested after the—the incident in the morgue.”
“You’ll be safe, won’t you?” Robert asks him the evening before Sherlock is due to leave, and there’s no mistaking his meaning.
“Scott,
John pulls out suddenly, panting, and Sherlock looks up at him, worried he’d done something wrong.
“Sorry, I’m fine,” Sherlock mumbles and tries to plaster a smile on his face. He doesn’t want Florian to feel bad or think he’s done something wrong when he’s been so good to Sherlock.
John chuckles. “Are you saying it’s me who turned you into an insatiable beast? I’m flattered, I think.”  He thinks about Sherlock taking care of his sexual needs by himself, and has a sudden idea.
“Although I am a little surprised
“What I mean to say is...Nothing like that will ever happen again. You deserve so much better, and I… I promise to do all I can to be a better friend to you from now on.”
John lets out a moan as Sherlock’s fingers encircle him, and Sherlock can’t help glancing up at him: John’s head is thrown back, mouth hanging open, eyes screwed shut. (He isn’t looking. Of course he isn’t.)
“Are you sure?” John asked again as Sherlock started undoing John’s belt.
“Oh my god,” John breathes, and sits down heavily on a kitchen chair, as if unable to keep himself upright. “Oh my god. You think I’m… using you.”
“But you’ll tell me if there’s anything wrong, anything at all, okay?”
Sherlock looks down at his cup of coffee. Why did he imagine he could meet up with Molly and somehow not have to talk about John? But Molly is his
They fall inside the flat, stumbling over pairs of shoes lying haphazardly on the floor next to the shoe rack, some of them too large to be Terry’s. Male flatmate, straight, office worker, footballer.
He knocks but doesn’t wait for Robert to open the door, he barges in, finds Robert drying dishes in the small kitchen.
and he licks his own lips… and then he leans in.
“Good.”
“That’s it,” John encourages him, pressing his foot harder against Sherlock’s erection, firm and hot and doubtless leaking copiously into his underwear by now. “Go on, get yourself off.”
“John? I’m sorry, did I – did I do it wrong? I didn’t mean…”
“Is that... singular them, or…?
The pain and loneliness of that thought is crushing.
Too crude.
Sherlock spends a lot of time after his first session with her wondering what he really feels about John now, if he actually wants to see him again. The answers are less clear and less forthcoming than they were when he was far from London, far from John and everything was much less immediate and he didn’t know anything about John’s own feelings.
, in the club and all the way here…
Patrick leans in and kisses him again, this time soft and chaste in a way that somehow manages to feel more friendly than sexual.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” Irene says once the waiter has deposited her smashed avocado in front of her and left.  “I really thought Dr Watson would get over himself eventually.”
Would he even be able to give Sherlock the kind of gentle, affectionate care he craves? John isn’t a selfish lover, he’s always considerate of his partner’s wishes and he’s never been rough unless it was wanted of him. But he’d never beaten a friend into a pulp before either, and that didn’t stop him from doing it to Sherlock. Is there any guarantee that this…
“Can you touch yourself?” John asks, but Sherlock can’t even answer, much less do what John asks him to. His legs are wrapped around John’s hips, his fingers digging into John’s back, and he can’t move, he can’t do anything lest he should lose this perfect spot where everything feels blissfully good.
“Lie on your front,” John told him and gently guided him to lie with his hips resting on a pillow, his legs spread wide. It was a bit disappointing – Sherlock had hoped they could do this face to face, he was sure he would feel calmer if he could hold on to John, but this was for John, and this way at least he was less likely to notice if Sherlock panicked.
“John! Oh my god, you gave me a fright!”
John looks at him with something very intense in his eyes and nods seriously.
Sherlock’s heart seems to be beating all the way up in his throat when Robert takes his hand and leads him upstairs. He wills himself to relax as much as possible, to trust Robert to take care of him – it’s what Robert does. He lets Sherlock be in charge when he wants to be, but otherwise he’s happy to take control. Sherlock lets himself melt into Robert’s kisses and caresses as they undress each other, a familiar dance by now.
He showers and tries to focus on storing the latest case in his mind palace, not thinking about John and what he might want and what it might mean, and he certainly doesn’t think about why he’s suddenly decided it’s suitable to shave before bed, which had never been his habit.
John smiles at him. It may be brief and a little bit sad, but it’s a smile, and Sherlock’s heart leaps like it always does and will never stop doing.
He adds another packet of sugar to his coffee to buy himself some time. He could tell her. She’d be on his side, a supportive friend. He craves her kindness, her understanding. But then the image of John in Molly’s mind would be forever tainted. Her image of Sherlock and John’s relationship would be forever tainted. And while Molly isn’t stupid enough to think it’s perfect now, she could hardly have imagined the true depths to which it had sunk. To her, to everyone they know, they are still friends – friends going through a rough patch, maybe, but friends. Breaking that illusion in Molly’s mind feels unbearable – like a final nail in the coffin of the bond he and John once had. He can’t do that. Having people know would make it so much more true. Molly’s no gossip, of course, and she would keep it to herself if he asked her to, but he decided long ago that he’s done burdening Molly with his secrets. He wouldn’t ask her not to tell anyone, and so she would most probably tell Greg, and she wouldn’t hide her knowledge from John, and the reality of their broken relationship would exists outside of the two of them. No.
“You sure this was your first time?” Terry asks, his voice a bit muffled because his face is buried in the pillow. “Cause that was fantastic.”
“Stop it!” John shouted, his voice pained and angry. “Don’t you see how wrong this is?”
happy, but the shock of it is too much. Years of longing and heartbreak and loneliness and now suddenly this,
in his head as he walks.
“Tell you?”
“Let me, then,” says John, perfect John, understanding what Sherlock is unable to articulate. He shifts all of his weight on one arm, sneaking his other hand between their bodies and wrapping it around Sherlock’s straining, throbbing erection.
Robert nods, accepting Sherlock’s answer, but the silence that stretches between them is tense now. Sherlock clears his throat.
“Of course not,” Sherlock says, before he realises what John means.
Florian tears the sachet open with his teeth and squirts lube on his fingers. He takes them both in his hand then it’s all just delicious slick friction, and Sherlock moans into Florian’s mouth as they kiss messily and heat pools in his stomach. It takes an embarrassingly short time before he’s coming with a strangled cry, clinging to Florian’s shoulders.
“We’re going to see Nan, are you excited?”
oh oh oh
“I,” Sherlock hesitates, unwilling to say anything that might make John reconsider his intentions, but at the same time needing to be honest. “Sexual activity involves more strong physical stimuli than I am able to adequately process while retaining enough capacity to act on them.”
“I will,” Sherlock promises, and means it.
“I… er,” he says haltingly. “Right. I should…” he trails off, and moves to walk towards the bathroom.
“Dada!” Rosie exclaims excitedly and slams her hand on her plastic plate as a form of greeting.
“Fuck, I’m close, don’t stop!” Terry begs, as if Sherlock could possibly have any intention of stopping. “Are you close?”
John’s reading the paper in the kitchen – or pretending to read the paper. He looks up and Sherlock gives him just a brief glance before turning to his bedroom. He leaves the door wide open, hoping it’s invitation enough – he can’t make it more obvious in case it’s not actually what John wants.
“Mmm, yeah,” John says contentedly.
He cried out and jerked wildly, accidentally drawing John’s fingers deeper into himself. John murmured to him soothingly, stroking his side like he might do to a spooked horse. Sherlock gasped for air as the intensity receded, but then John found his prostate again. He teased it gently, sending wave after wave of overpowering pleasure through Sherlock’s body.
“We were happy to be of service,” Patrick smirks cheekily and he turns his head to give Sherlock a sloppy kiss. He’s cheerful and relaxed, but Sherlock still senses something he isn’t saying.
“D’you have condoms in your room?” John asks as he hastily unbuttons Sherlock’s shirt.
“You said his name,” Robert says, lowering his gaze as if he were the one with a reason to be ashamed. “A couple of times. While we were – you know.”
John collapses next to Sherlock, who feels empty in more ways than one when John’s cock slips out of him, and he’s indescribably grateful when John stays close to him and he can steal a little of his warmth.
? A sharp feeling rises in his chest, and he clenches his fists against it before he remembers what Sherlock said before.
“Right. Good.” John hovers on the spot for a moment, then finally disappears to the bathroom.
Sherlock is in love with him, but John can’t for the life of him imagine why.
anal sex can be enjoyable for both parties and Terry has clearly had pleasurable experiences, but he can’t help the images of vicious pounding that flash in his mind.
Sherlock nodded. He was sure he wanted to give John everything, and that should be enough.
It’s just a soft, brief press of lips, a question more than anything else.
“Was it… was it your first time?”
John toes off his shoes and pulls his jumper over his head. Sherlock’s heart is beating so hard he thinks John must hear it. He reaches for one of the condoms he’d laid out on the bedside table, and when John takes off his trousers and sits on the edge of the bed, he presses it into John’s hand.
). He writes a note for Mrs Hudson, then, after a long moment of consideration and several drafts, a short letter to John. Then he puts on his coat, takes his case and leaves without looking back.
Sherlock can’t speak. He can’t hardly breathe. He sits there, motionless, and it feels like every single cell of his body is screaming in agony.
: he’s been given this incredible level of power,
deserves to waste their time and affection on someone who continues, despite all reason, to be pathetically hung up on his straight best friend who’d sooner kick him than kiss him.”
“Hey,” John says softly, lifting Sherlock’s chin. “It’s fine. Whatever it is that you like, it’s fine. I’ve tried all kinds of things, it’s unlikely that you can shock me. Just tell me.”
“Fuck, Sherlock, gonna come, come inside your perfect arse,
“I don’t need a safeword if we’re not—“ Sherlock starts, but John stops him by placing a finger on his lips.
“You’re not used to that level of intimacy,” John said slowly.
He hears Sherlock shout as John’s cock spurts inside him, and then Sherlock is coming too, his muscles fluttering and clenching around John, milking the last drops of John’s release out of him.
“On your knees,” John growls. He has never been more aroused in his life, and he doubts it’s possible for human penises to get any harder than his is right now. Because Sherlock liked having John’s tongue inside of him so much that one orgasm wasn’t enough to quench his thirst for release.
“Sherlock, wait.” Sherlock freezes – John’s tone is heavy, and Sherlock can tell that nothing good is coming. “I can’t go on like this. I—I’ve tried, really, but I just can’t.”
Finally, Sherlock takes out the bottle of lubricant he’s bought. He has no experience with penetration and finds the prospect a little daunting, which is of course ridiculous. He braces himself against the sink and touches a lube-coated fingertip to his anus, willing himself to relax. Briefly, he imagines what it would be like if it was John doing this, gently easing Sherlock open while whispering loving words to him and kissing him, but that’s neither here nor there, and he cuts the thought short. The finger inside him feels intrusive and uncomfortable, but he doesn’t dwell on it, and adds another one as soon as he can.
“Molly,” Sherlock stands up. “It’s – good to see you,” he says awkwardly. He usually has no understanding for these pointless polite phrases, but this time it’s so true it hurts. He almost wants to hug her.
He knew exactly by now what turned John on: kiss eagerly and messily but be pliant and tractable at the same time, invite John’s tongue in, pull John on top of him, give into his natural tendency to cling to John and seek as much contact with his body as possible. It turned Sherlock on too: it was a heady feeling, to make himself a little bit submissive and surrender to John. If only he could manage during actual sex, if only it didn’t make his brain go into overdrive after a while – but it wouldn’t today. It would work.
“Dear old Abby. I’m so happy for her.”
At first it looks like that John’s going to protest, but then he seems to think about Sherlock’s words and realise he’s got a point.
“Sherlock, look at me.” John said, and Sherlock forced himself to lift his head. John’s face was sad but earnest and brimming with so much love and affection it almost stopped Sherlock’s heart “You can. You can and you
“Oh yes,” John promises. He’s not nearly as sensitive to anal stimulation as Sherlock his, but he still finds the intimacy of having Sherlock inside him is incredibly arousing.
“Back with me?” John asks. Sherlock makes a nondescript sound in response, but that’s enough. “You’ve done incredibly well tonight, do you know? You’re a marvel.”
Sherlock leaves early the next morning. His stomach churns as he drives towards London, but he doesn’t look back.
think so. I didn’t think ballet was your style. I admit a part of me expected you to fall asleep.”
“You’re right,” he says quietly, swallowing his harsh words, forcing himself not to raise his voice. No point in provoking John. He swallows. “Let me get changed then I’ll make some… toast.”
There is the small matter of the fact that John has stopped wearing his wedding ring and may therefore start dating again soon, but Sherlock will cross that bridge when he comes to it. He’s done it before, he can do it again. Rosie certainly deserves to have two parents, and if John can find a woman who will love her like her own, he’ll have Sherlock’s full support. If Sherlock has to give another best man’s speech, then that’s what he will do.
Sometimes when he’s alone in his bedroom with just his hand and his small but choice collection of toys, he imagines himself with a man who uses him and cherishes him at the same time, who claims him as his own but simultaneously makes him feel safe and loved. His partner in these fantasies is no one specific, just a blurry shape with kind eyes and firm hands and a big hard cock, but somehow by the time Sherlock comes all over his chest, the faceless man has invariably morphed into John. It makes Sherlock a bit ashamed and angry at himself that despite everything, he still really only wants John, but there’s no point denying obvious facts.
Sherlock feels John shift behind him, feels a hand grip his hip like a vice, feels something slick and hot and
“What, already?” John says when they come up for air and his thigh brushes against Sherlock’s renewed erection.
He should probably bin it. Flush it down the toilet. He feels temptation gnaw at him to go check it’s all still there, open the packet to make sure it’s undamaged, fit for use. And that’s not a good sign, is it. He should get rid of it. If he uses again, even just once, he’ll lose John for good.
if that was what John needed. What worries him, however, is that
He tries to be kinder to people, too. He’s more careful about what effect his deductions would have on people and keeps them to himself when they’d only cause pain. He helps Maggie come up with new ways to attract more customers to her shop, helps her friend’s grandson with his chemistry paper (he doesn’t think his patience has ever been tested more). He offers to walk the dog of an elderly couple who can no longer keep up with it (okay – that one is pretty self-serving, he adores the dog). He tries to stop hiding his softer side.
Some indeterminable amount of time later, Mrs Hudson comes up. She finds him still sitting there, not having moved a muscle, and for once she doesn’t say anything, doesn’t ask questions, just pulls his head to her chest and holds him.
They see each other four more times before it’s time for Sherlock to leave. It’s just about sex, pleasuring each other with their hands and mouths, but Florian always finds a few extra moments afterwards to give Sherlock a little cuddle, even though it’s obviously not something he usually does with his conquests, and Sherlock is inexpressibly grateful for it. Who knew that a bit of affectionate skin-on-skin contact could be so valuable to him?
“I want you to fuck me,” Sherlock interrupts him, forcing the words out. Crude, but needs must. If he didn’t say it immediately, he’d chicken out again.
He turns only so that his profile is to John, unable to fully face him, and nods. “I see.”
“Now you,” he says with a sense of purpose, and his slick hand closes around John’s cock, stroking up and down. John hums in pleasure and his eyes flutter closed. He’d hoped he’d get to fuck Sherlock one more time, but this is lovely too, relaxing on his back and letting Sherlock take care of him.
“You weren’t mistaken,” Sherlock says eventually. His tongue feels heavy. “Circumstances changed.”
“I said turn around!” John repeats, and Sherlock obeys. What else is there to do? He could leave, push John away and stop this, but he’s not going to do that any more than he would have hit John back. His limbs move uncooperatively but he turns his back to John and his hard gaze, and then he pushes his trousers down and hoists his dressing gown up, saving John the trouble.
to stop, I just wanted to get myself under control.”
John frowns a little. “Do you
“Okay,” he says again. “Whatever you want. You don’t mind if I take off mine, do you?” he adds with a cheeky grin and pulls his t-shirt over his head, showing off his hairless, toned chest. Sherlock runs his hands down Florian’s smooth pectorals and he suddenly feels profoundly, viscerally
and that’s wrong too?
He lets Rosie play while he gets her lunch ready. He cooked everything last night, so he only needs to heat it up now: home-made oven-baked chicken nuggets, boiled potatoes and baby carrots. Rosie is currently going through a phase where she refuses to eat anything she can’t hold in her hand, so Sherlock does his best to comply with her wishes. He finds it an interesting challenge to try to prepare meals she’ll enjoy eating.
He gulps. He thinks of the letter he wrote to Sherlock after Mary died, all the terrible things he said in it. He takes the envelope with a shaking hand and puts it in his coat pocket. He’ll read it when he’s alone.
John leans in and presses his lips to Sherlock’s forehead, his tear-stained cheeks, his eyelids, and Sherlock’s heart beat picks up in anticipation before finally, finally, John’s lips find his.
“I’m sorry,” he said, looking down. “It wasn’t entirely on purpose.” He was naked and he could feel lube between his buttocks. He shivered in shame.
“Please,” Sherlock begs again, looking almost wild with need, and John couldn’t resist the plea if someone offered to pay him for it.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock says after a moment, his voice small but remarkably steady, given the circumstances. “If you hadn’t come here today I’d never have told you. I’m sorry. If you – if you still want to be friends after this, I promise you’ll never hear another word on this from me ever again.”
“Yes,” Florian agrees, but when Sherlock turns his head to him he’s not looking at the falls or the view of the valley, but at Sherlock. He cups Sherlock’s cheek in one hand and Sherlock grips the railing tighter, afraid his knees might buckle at the tenderness of such a simple gesture.
“Mmm, morning,” John murmured against his nape, pulling Sherlock in even closer. Sherlock could tell the exact moment John realised what state he was in – he tensed, and immediately started to pull away.
do or don’t deserve is irrelevant. The point is that no one,” something hitches in his breath and his voice goes even quieter than before, “
It takes John a five minutes and thirty three seconds to reply.
He likes pancakes and mangoes and good coffee. He likes the moment when his violin stops being an instrument and becomes an extension of himself and music starts coursing in his veins instead of blood. He likes it when he and Sophie, a French recovering alcoholic and exceptional pianist, play together in the music room and achieve perfect harmony. He likes the sweaty exhaustion after a boxing session. He likes the large gentle eyes and velvety muzzle of the black gelding called Silberstern that he rides, and he likes sitting in the sun with one of the cats living in the stables, Minka, curled up in his lap. (There are no dogs anywhere on the premises, which Sherlock things is a major oversight.) He likes wearing well-fitting clothes. He likes walking for hours.
“I—I…
“What we’re already doing, but more. Continuing with therapy. Addressing what we feel instead of burying it down. Talking to each other, and I mean really talking, about what matters. Maybe – maybe seeing a therapist together to help us do that. Taking things slowly.” It doesn’t sound like  much, when he says it out loud, but he’s certain it would help. They just need to commit to it.
He barely makes it through the following day. His session with Dr Schneider helps and so does a run and spending an hour petting Minka, but none of it stops him from feeling absolutely terrible and even more lost than when he first came here. He has an appointment in the late afternoon with a hairdresser who comes in twice a week to cater to Haus Talblick residents, and he wants to cancel and curl up in bed instead or maybe lock himself in the music room with his violin, but in the end he makes himself go through it because his hair is starting to get really overgrown, for one, and he doesn’t want to succumb to the despair.
This is so wrong. Everything’s so, so wrong.
John feels the blunt tip of Sherlock’s cock at his opening and pushes back a little.
“No, listen—”
“Ha! I
“Why do you live like this? Alone? You’ve lived in this house since your divorce, but there’s no evidence anyone has ever lived here with you.” He can’t imagine that Robert would have a hard time finding a partner – if Sherlock’s heart were not unavailable, he would be sorely tempted.
You fucking panicked, Sherlock!” He rose of the sofa, and Sherlock could almost see the rage surging up in him. “And I
Sherlock shivered at John’s words. He hadn’t realised how much he needed to hear them. He let himself relax into John’s arms, allowing John’s warm embrace and obviously heartfelt reassurance to soothe him. John loved him: he’d be all right.
Sherlock opens his mouth automatically to point out that Irene’s insistence is absurd and not helpful in any way, that John could never feel anything but friendship for Sherlock and pretending otherwise is unkind if not downright cruel, but then he hears John’s voice in his head, and the world stops:
Sherlock feels slightly disoriented when he pulls out and Terry collapses on the mattress with a satisfied sigh. He breathes deeply, trying to regain his composure, before he gets up on unsteady legs to dispose of the condom.
Sherlock hums in response and begins rocking his hips gently. He was soft when he first sank down, but with every slow circle of his hips he’s getting harder, and despite how close to orgasm John feels, he immediately decides he
“Of course, John. Anything you need.”
“So that they can finally acknowledge and act on their mutual attraction, of course.”
yes yes there more—
The impact never comes.
“I have therapy at nine,” John says slowly. “I could come by afterwards, if that’s okay?”
“Oh, relax,” Sherlock said with a hint of sneer to his voice. He felt like he was being flayed open by this conversation, having to put his innermost feelings on display, and it was tempting to lash out in self-defence. “You’re used to being the penetrating partner and you’re obviously determined that it should stay that way; I have no intention of going against that. I meant I could… pleasure you in other ways,” he felt himself blush at the words but struggled through. “With my hands? I know it wouldn’t be as good, but I’d like to be able to give you at least something.”
written on it in Sherlock’s messy scrawl.
He stays with Mrs Hudson for a quarter of an hour, chatting a bit about Rosie and Mrs Hudson’s car troubles, and then excuses himself to go visit Sherlock.
He sucked at John’s nipple, delighted by the moan that tore itself from John’s throat, and he let his hand trail down John’s chest to the smooth muscles of his stomach and the dusting of coarse hair that disappeared under the waistband of his pants.
(See the end of the chapter for
Taken all together, it’s just a few instances with relatively long periods of time between them, much less than what many people go through… but it’s enough to form a dark, terrifying,
Robert stills the movement of his hand but doesn’t pull the toy out.
know, but it turns out there’s a difference between abstract
“What?!” Sherlock can’t imagine anything that would shock him more. “His sister? But they don’t get along.”
“There, very good. Satisfied?” John asks, knowing the answer. It will take far more than a footjob to satisfy Sherlock.
John doesn’t think he’s ever felt worse climbing the seventeen stairs to 221B, with the possible exception of the first time he came up after Sherlock’s fall, but he isn’t even sure about that. The guilt he feels right now somehow seems even worse than grief.
“Nothing. No buts,” Sam interjects, and this time Sherlock doesn’t need to by privy to their special means of communication to hear the tone of warning in Sam’s voice.
John pulls away a little, just enough to be able to see Sherlock’s face, and he touches his chin, making him look at him.
He reaches for a pillow and pushes it underneath Sherlock’s hips, forcing himself not to touch Sherlock’s cock as he does it. It must be rock hard and leaking by now, if the flush on Sherlock’s skin is any indication. Sure enough, as soon as the pillow is in place Sherlock thrusts against it, desperate for friction.
“I’m so sorry, Sherlock,” John says in a strained whisper as Sherlock flicks the kettle on. He’s standing in the entrance to the kitchen, his eyes fixed on the counter just a few inches from where Sherlock is currently standing. Sherlock shivers – he can vividly remember how the edge of the counter felt pressing into the top of his thighs.
“No need,” Sherlock says. “I’m—good.”
“There’s more than one reason,” he said after taking a thoughtful sip of his tea. “Mostly, it’s… embarrassing.”
“And I don’t suppose you’d let me watch.”
Aaand there it is. Sherlock feels himself tense as he fills a pot with water.
“Fuck, yeah! That’s it, fuck me, ohhh, you feel so good, just fuck me,” Terry pants, and Sherlock does his best to do as he’s told, pistoning his hips up to meet Terry’s downward thrusts. They establish a steady rhythm and it’s perfect, it’s glorious, Sherlock can feel himself getting closer to the edge and that makes him thrust harder and faster, his release looming almost within reach---
Then he’s lying on his back with Terry astride his hips, holding Sherlock’s cock steady with one hand as he positions himself and sinks down on it in one long, smooth movement.
“But I think,” John says, dragging his thumb across Sherlock’s lips, “that what I want now is your mouth. It’s so very talented.” Sherlock’s mouth waters at the words, his need to be filled diminishing in view of John’s wishes. “And if you’re good, which I know you will be, I’ll fuck you after.”
“We could go shopping, though,” Molly offers a little sheepishly.
, and Sherlock can see now he was lucky that he got away with no worse after-effects than a few painful bowel movements. And throughout all of that, Sherlock did nothing. He was, in some messed-up way,
“John,” he sighed happily and almost cupped John’s face in both hands before he remembered that one of them was covered in ejaculate and John probably wouldn’t like having it all over his face. Praising his foresight, he reached for the box of tissues on the bedside table and wiped his hand.
A waiter comes to take their order before Sherlock can ask what she means by that. Irene raises an immaculately groomed eyebrow when Sherlock orders chocolate chip pancakes, evidently under the impression that it’s an order fit for a five-year-old. Sherlock doesn’t care – he loves pancakes.
“Are you all right?” he asks, looking Sherlock over. He’s in his blue dressing gown and his hair is slightly damp, fluffing and frizzing as it dries. There doesn’t seem to be anything physically wrong with him.
need that.”
Perhaps a bit too much information, Sherlock thinks once the words are out of his mouth and John looks like his eyes are going to pop out of his head. Sherlock supposes he can’t blame him – after all, this is quite a big change from Sherlock’s years of celibacy.
“John, everyone who knows me with the
what was so difficult about that?
“Speaking of Christmas,” Sam says, “We actually have a present for you, although I’m not sure it’s still appropriate now, given the circumstances.”
“I think I’ve been promised a kiss,” John said, smirking at him. There seemed to be self-assurance and sexual confidence radiating from him, but when he bent down to kiss Sherlock it was soft and gentle and full of reassurance.
“Take it easy, don’t hurt yourself,” John tells him, and Sherlock slows down obediently, letting the slight burn dissipate. “How does that feel? Good?”
This time Sherlock doesn’t feel nervous at all when he approaches Patrick and Sam’s house, even though they have no idea that the reason for his visit is to tell them he can’t keep seeing them. He decided to do it in person because they have meant too much to him to just let them know via text, and he wants to see them one last time.
, I’m gonna, I’m…” he breaks off with a displeased whine when John suddenly withdraws his fingers and lets Sherlock fall out of his mouth.
to come.
John’s head hangs even lower. “You never deserved any of that. You… you did so much for me, I didn’t want to see it but I do now, you were willing to give up your life for me, several times, and instead of thanking you I… did things to you I wouldn’t do to my worst enemy.” He exhales shakily, swallows. “I’m not asking for your forgiveness, but I… I want you to know I’ve never regretted anything more in my life.”
John braces himself on his forearms and pushes in deeper. The fullness and intrusiveness of it makes Sherlock want to scream and scramble to get away, but he bites his lip and stays quiet, breathing through his nose in an attempt to regain control
Sherlock rolls his eyes but complies and makes two mugs of peppermint tea (which he only has because John drinks it, anyway). He carries them to the living room and is surprised to find John sitting on the sofa rather than in his chair. He’s taken off his shoes, and the sight of his socked feet on the carpet makes Sherlock feel unexpectedly nostalgic.
“Now I certainly wish I hadn’t,” John sighs and stands up again, facing Sherlock. “I know I said that, but Sherlock, the last time was years ago and I—I love you.”
“God, I want you,” John murmurs against Sherlock’s mouth and then moves to suck at Sherlock’s pulse point, making Sherlock whimper, fingers dragging helplessly across John’s back.
“Good. Now on your front.”
John makes a pained little noise and kisses Sherlock, his lips firm but exquisitely gentle on Sherlock’s. Sherlock kisses back the best he knows how and it feels like drowning from the inside, like something long buried inside him is surging up, leaving him unmoored, drifting into a featureless landscape.
Sherlock jumps up automatically, trying not to get his hopes up and failing. If John has come here even though it’s not his turn, then maybe…
“It’s all right,” Sherlock says, and honestly, it sort of is. He’s less ashamed about being so transparent than he would have thought. “He’s right. I’m just… not ready.” It’s infuriating, to want something so much yet know it’s too soon to look for it. He’s starting to believe that even though his heart is likely to remain John’s for the rest of his life, he may be able to set a part of it aside for someone else, but he knows that before that can happen, his relationship with John must reach some sort of resolution. They need to stop walking on eggshells around each other, find balance. He knows he wouldn’t have the emotional capacity to develop a new relationship when things with John are still so fragile.
“Of course I… Of course I forgive you. You’ve forgiven me for worse.”
“You’ve met her?”
He starts looking at men in new ways, admiring the breadth of their shoulders, the line of their jaw, the curve of their buttocks. One day while he’s boxing in the gym he catches himself looking at the only other man currently present, a muscular Zurich banker with a gambling problem lifting weights a few meters from him, and he realises he’s getting aroused. He runs back to his room in a panic and once there, without actively deciding to do it, he locks himself in the bathroom (a wholly unnecessary precaution, since he doesn’t share the room with anyone), pushes down his shorts and begins touching himself. He strokes himself furiously, thinking of the banker’s sweaty back, his flexing muscles, his soft grunts of exertion. For the first time in his life he masturbates while consciously thinking of another person and his resulting orgasm is explosive, shaking him to the core as he comes all over himself.
get overwhelming, so… not too much?” It was incredibly vague, but he didn’t know how to phrase it more specifically. “I think I’d like to be the one doing most of the touching… for now.”
Sherlock swallows and nods and then John’s arms are around him, hugging him, finally, completely. It’s a moment that’s long overdue but it feels so right, it feels like that everything in Sherlock that’s been tense for weeks, months,
“He’s not,” Sherlock defends John immediately, but then feels forced to amend. “He didn’t use to be. He’s been through so much. I hurt him a lot, too.”
“Yeah, but. Surely there are things that seem more appealing than others. And—well. I suppose I’d like you to tell me what didn’t work for you from what we did, and what you think you’d like to do instead. Regardless of what you think I want.” He tightened his hold on Sherlock, kissing the top of his head. “Take your time to think about it if you need to.”
from him.
They all laugh. How amazing, laughing in bed, relaxed and comfortable.
“... Evidently,” Molly says slowly, still staring at him. “But I’m so sorry, I have an early shift tomorrow so I really need to get back to London at a reasonable time.”
“Rule number one,” he says when they break apart.
He doesn’t know what would happen once he’s got a taste of John’s love. Maybe that would be enough to make him slip back to his old patterns. If John loved him and cherished him for weeks and months and
“What did you do to yourself?” John asks before attaching his lips to Sherlock’s pulse point, sucking gently, then harder.
“I’m fine, and I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to intrude, I was just…” he trails off, not sure how to continue. What can he say?
“Well, it was beautiful,” John says, and when Sherlock looks at him he’s smiling, making warmth bloom in Sherlock’s chest. Will he ever be immune to John’s praise? Probably not. “Does it have a name?”
forgive it, if you think you could let me try to make it up to you, then… I’m yours, Sherlock.”
“I love you,” he murmured into John’s neck and then, trying to pull himself together and get on with things, he reached down John’s pants.
“We should probably get cleaned up,” John said when they broke apart.
Sherlock.
didn’t mind.” When Sherlock doesn’t immediately react, she elaborates. “You’ve met her. My assistant, Kate?”
He finds a rhythm soon, he alternates tongue-fucking with gentle sucking and licking – both inside and out – and brief breaks when he nuzzles Sherlock’s buttocks, fondles his arse and balls. Soon there is a hint of voice in Sherlock’s breathing, every exhale almost a moan, and then nothing but a moan, not loud but brimming with need all the same.
Not-Mary in his head points out.
might not be able to wait that long. John likes sex; if his relationship with Sherlock doesn’t meet his needs for whatever reason, it’s bound to make the relationship unsatisfactory as a whole. And then John might start looking elsewhere.
“Thank you, too, John,” Sherlock says when he sits down next to him. It comes out a little stiff, but he wants to say it. “It’s been a nice evening.”
He bites his lip to prevent himself from coming as he pushes in as deep as he can before withdrawing almost completely, only to thrust back in immediately.
“Everything, yes,” Sherlock said before John could finish the question. He’d made extensive preparations.
Sherlock lets out a contented sigh. There’s come drying between his legs, but Sherlock knows, without needing to be told, that John will take care of that, of
“I—anything,” Sherlock says, taken aback. “Whatever you want.”
It’s clear, however, that John’s not thinking of the first time he was here but the last. As they enter the flat his eyes move immediately towards the kitchen and he appears to be fighting back nausea.
“Sherlock,” John says, standing up from his table hastily. His voice sounds croaky and hesitant. Sherlock says nothing – what is he supposed to say? They stare at each other some more, oblivious to the bustle of the coffee shop around them. Sherlock sees John’s sleepless night in the bags around his, the struggle of feeding Rosie this morning in the baby food stain on his collar, his apprehension in his clenched fist, his resolve in his carefully close shave. He sees John taking him in in turn, and he realises now that deducing how Sherlock spent the night is beyond John’s abilities. To John, there’s only one reason why Sherlock could have been out all night wearing uncharacteristic clothes, and sure enough, John’s eyebrows draw together.
“It’s all right,” Sherlock says automatically.
And then:
“It can wait.”
“I don’t know! He wasn’t here! You can ask Mrs Hudson, no one came up all day!”
just not entirely ideal. It didn’t matter to him whether he enjoyed it as long as John did: that would be reward enough for him.
Less than an hour later, he stares at the front door of Sam and Patrick’s house and feels like an idiot. What on earth is he
There’s sadness in John’s eyes, but also hope and determination and something else that Sherlock can’t quite name
He kisses down John’s chest as he unbuttons his shirt, and when he spreads it open he can’t resist the temptation to kiss John’s right nipple, tongue lapping at the little hard nub. Clearly John’s nipples are sensitive, because he moans, his hips jerking, and so Sherlock licks harder, sucks a little, and massages John’s other nipple with his fingers, while his other hand deftly opens John’s trousers.
“I know, love,” John whispers to him. “I know. I love you.” He kisses the top of Sherlock’s head and rocks him gently, and Sherlock would never have imagined it possible to feel so completely at peace while crying.
Instead, John uses his hold on Sherlock’s shirt to pull his neck and head down, and crashes their mouths together.
about it. And what will it look like to John when he finds out that Sherlock
,” he curses, and it’s clear that this time it’s not in pain. The slim hope Sherlock had that John might not remember vanishes. He’ll have to face it, then, and he’s decided to do it now, when John’s weakened by the hangover and less likely to shout.
“So am I.”
Sherlock felt the corner of his mouth curl up. “That we do.”
Sherlock keens loudly, his voice not even human anymore as his hips cant off the bed in a desperate attempt to push his cock into John’s fist and impale himself further on John at the same time.
“You,” Sherlock said, utterly sincere. “I need you.”
Therapy is gruelling. It’s the single most emotionally exhausting thing he’s ever experienced. A lot of the time it makes him feel worse rather than better, but he keeps going. He’s not even sure why, probably out of a misguided sense of pride – so as not to come across as a coward who’s afraid of knowing himself.
“Where’s Rosie?” he asks, trying to establish a safe topic as soon as possible, to act like everything's normal.
They lay down facing each other and John kissed him and kissed him, gentle but heated. His left arm stroked Sherlock’s side and then slipped to his belly and then lower, briefly brushing over Sherlock’s erection, and as he did that Sherlock realised his pants were actually wet from the amount of pre-ejaculate he’d leaked. To get his mind off the wave of shame he felt, he kissed John harder, opening his mouth wide for John’s tongue. John evidently liked that – he moaned deeply and pushed Sherlock on his back, pressing him into the mattress.
But now, after Sherlock’s confession…
He pulls John closer, and the hard length of John’s cock presses against his thigh. John shifts against him, grinding his pelvis into Sherlock’s leg. He moans into Sherlock’s mouth as he ruts against him, and the feeling of the hard evidence of John’s desire is intoxicating and utterly irresistible. Sherlock feels himself thickening against John’s hip, feels an answering need to seek friction in the warmth of John’s body, but the last remnants of clear thought kick in before his hips can start acting on their own volition.
Sherlock sighed and shivered, the words of praise like a balm. Wasn’t it pathetic how much he needed them?
Hopefully, this way he would be able to take it until John reached his orgasm. It had been quite a long time since the last time John had sex and the anal canal was supposed to be significantly tighter than the vagina, which was what John was used to, so with any luck it wouldn’t take too long. If Sherlock focused on John and tried to take his mind off his own bodily sensations, he should be able to avoid getting overwhelmed to the point of near panic again, which would certainly count as things being wrong (as would pain, he supposed) and he’d have to tell John, but a certain level of unease or discomfort would be acceptable, wouldn’t it? It wouldn’t be
Surely that wasn’t wrong, he bristles when Dr Schneider first makes him put it into words, to care more about John’s happiness than his own. People always criticised him for being selfish, and now he’s
When he collapses on the bed and there are no more simple, practical tasks for him to do, the reality of what just happened dawns on him. Images flash in his mind – the hard look in John’s eyes,
“No,” Sherlock says, but he doesn’t mean it the way he would have in the past, when he would have bristled at being called something as pedestrian as
he didn’t say, but it was as if John had heard him. Colour drained from his face.
Sherlock didn’t notice that the door had opened and John had come in until he felt John’s hands on his shoulders, draping his dressing gown over his trembling form. Sherlock glanced at him through tear-wet eyelashes, but couldn’t bear to really look at his face, afraid what he’d see there.
“How are you hard again already?” John mutters. He’d hoped that after three orgasms in quick succession, Sherlock would need a little while longer to recover, but apparently his refractory period is still within the range of single minutes.
John watches him intently as Sherlock continues petting Jack. This is emphatically
John, seated in his own chair opposite Sherlock and pretending to read the paper, sees the exact moment Sherlock notices what he’s doing: he freezes, and his face flushes – because he’s embarrassed, but also because his arousal quadruples the moment he becomes aware of it. Sherlock looks up at John, flustered, to see if he noticed, and finds John looking straight at him with a knowing smirk on his face. John can hear Sherlock’s breath catch in his throat.
“It’s okay,” Sam says softly as he takes Sherlock’s coat and Patrick ushers him to sit down on the sofa. They both look at him with slightly worried expressions, and who can blame them? Sherlock just spend several long minutes just standing in front of their house, staring at their door like a madman.
him? Sam, whom Sherlock appreciates for being a caring person and an attentive lover, but whom he otherwise sees as gym rat with more muscles than brains? He’s suddenly ashamed of himself.
Robert chuckles wryly. “No, you’re right, there hasn’t been anyone. But it’s not – there’s no dramatic or tragic reason. I just don’t really care for romance. The books are just books,” he says before Sherlock can even open his mouth to mention the romance novels. “I enjoy reading them, but I also like a good murder mystery and that doesn’t mean I dream of living in Midsomer.”
Okay. Just get the first time over with – he was sure it would get easier after that.
John would hate it if he knew that was how Sherlock felt.
“John,” Sherlock said hesitantly, not really sure what he wanted say. He hated John blaming himself, but he knew it was true that their sexual attempts would probably have gone better if penetration hadn’t been part of them.
“Feeling better?” he asks.
Sherlock’s phone pings in his trouser pocket, startling them both.
“With Mrs Hudson,” John says. “Sherlock—”
“I don’t want to hurt you,” he says weakly. He should probably go, let Terry go back to the club and find someone better equipped to meet his needs. This is exactly the kind of humiliation he wanted to avoid. What was he thinking?
“I’m sorry,” he offers. “I thought you might be but then she was there and you seemed… Sorry.”
He leaves the bathroom in search of alcohol. He only finds an expensive-looking bottle of port (gift from a client, probably) – not his beverage of choice, but it will have to do. He pours himself a generous measure and goes to sit in his usual chair by the fireplace, watching over Sherlock’s sleeping form in the gathering dark.
“You’re allowed to ask questions, you know, if you want,” Sherlock says mildly, because it’s evident John is swallowing every question his shocked brain sends to his tongue.
Their position meant John had perfect access to Sherlock’s neck, and his breath ghosted over the sensitive skin there before he pressed his lips to Sherlock’s pulse point. Sherlock let his head fall to one side, exposing as much of his neck as possible, and John understood the invitation, kissing and licking and oh god,
and making sure to meet Sherlock’s ridiculous needs like they weren’t ridiculous at all.
“You’re not a monster, John,” Sherlock says softly. “You’re a human being who’s suffered and made terrible choices, that’s all.”
Sherlock looked at him, forcing himself to push through the fog that was clouding his mind.
But he doesn’t tell the driver to turn around. He lets himself be driven to the expansive mansion and checks in. Maybe he’s weak and a coward, but he has no strength left to try to do anything about it.
Terry makes a questioning noise as if he has no idea what Sherlock means, but on reflection, Sherlock decides it would probably kill the mood if he said that he could well be a serial killer for all Terry knows, and Sherlock would hate to do that because Terry’s mouth on his pulse point right now feels rather amazing. He grabs two handfuls of Terry’s arse and pulls their hips together gasping at the contact. God, this feels good. Why didn’t he start having sex sooner? He’s wasted years.
could remove himself from
“No occasion. As a matter of fact, I’m here to… say goodbye.”
“I know it would be easier if I was… normal,” he says, and John’s heart twists. He knows there are still insecurities lodged deep within Sherlock’s soul, that he still worries he won’t be good enough for John. He’s gotten much better at accepting John’s love than he was at the beginning, but John knows that there’s still a long way to go.
“I love you,” he gasps even though he can barely get enough air into his lungs, needing to say it.
John doesn’t give him a good-night kiss that night, which is of course entirely deserved. Sherlock stays in the same position for hours, come drying on his skin into a shameful crust.
“I’m sorry,” John said after taking a swig of his drink. “For shouting, and for being such a piss-poor boyfriend.”
“When you—when you kiss my forehead,” he says very quietly, “but you don’t have…”
YES, in the next chapter we'll finally find out what John has been up to all this time! Stay tuned, and thank you for reading and commenting!
It was all wrong, all wrong, and he could never get it right, could he?
Sherlock wants to groan in frustration because he’d been successfully getting lost in the sensations and now his hesitation is back. He kneels on the bed behind Terry and looks down at his hole, slick and open but now it doesn’t seem nearly open enough to accommodate anything thicker than maybe a finger. He knows he’s being ridiculous, he knows the ring of muscle will stretch around his cock like it was moments ago and Terry was obviously enjoying it very much, he
Sherlock’s desperate need to come, and suddenly it’s too much for John, and he bucks up as hard as his limited range of motion allows him, bringing Sherlock’s hips down to meet him, and his orgasm explodes at the base of his spine.
“Will you go get ready, then?” he breathed against Sherlock’s lips. “If you’re still sure you’d rather do it yourself.”
The movements of his hips change then, no longer light and teasing, but firm and purposeful, chasing a specific goal. He pulls almost all the way out and then pushes back in, slow and gentle but determined, making Sherlock feel every millimetre of his cock as it strokes over Sherlock passage. He grinds against Sherlock’s prostate every single time, igniting sparks of pleasure so sharp and concentrated Sherlock couldn’t keep quiet now if his life depended it on it.
As he approaches number 221 he sees the door open, and man walks out. He’s of an indeterminable age between 30 and 45, slightly tan, with dirty blond hair. John doesn’t think he’s ever seen him before – a client, then. John smiles to himself. He hopes whatever case he brought was worth Sherlock’s time – he could do with a bit of excitement.
“Ella? Oh, no. I am. He wasn’t a therapist.”
“I’ll just bring us some water, all right?” he says, kissing Sherlock’s forehead. “I’ll be right back.”
Sherlock lets him stew in it for a moment, then adds, “And I’m gay, as surely even someone with your abysmal observation skills must have gathered by now. Irene and I are friends, after a fashion, and friendship is the closest kind of relationship I could ever have with a woman.” He takes a deep breath. “No need to be jealous.”
“Don’t,” Sherlock interrupts him curtly, almost burning himself as he carelessly grabs the pot of boiling pasta as some sort of shield.
Sherlock doesn’t want it to end, doesn’t want to say good night just yet, doesn’t want to go to sleep and wake up on a day when John leaves. It’s stupid, but he finds himself wanting to prolong the fantasy that he has John for himself. He thinks about suggesting a nightcap, but John is trying to drink less and they already had champagne, so perhaps that’s not the best idea. But John seems reluctant to go to bed too, standing awkwardly in the doorway.
By the time John’s mouth returns to Sherlock’s hole after the third break, Sherlock’s moans are almost continuous, his mouth is hanging open in a desperate effort to get enough air into his lungs and there is a sheen of sweat covering his body. John knows it’s not going to take long now, and the knowledge makes him lap at Sherlock with more vigour than ever, thrusting his tongue inside him as hard and deep as it will go.
“I dabbled in beekeeping while I was away. I – I had a neighbour who taught me.”
“Go on, then,” John says when Sherlock looks at him for guidance, indicating Sherlock’s tented trousers, and hides himself behind his paper.
“Yes,” Sherlock agrees slowly. “I – I go to therapy too, you know.” He means it as an expression of solidarity, to let John know that he’s not alone in trying to get better, but John looks stricken. Sherlock winces internally – perhaps he shouldn’t have said that. But no, he checks himself immediately. John should know. He has to know, if they are ever to recover. “I started when I was in Switzerland and it helped me a lot, so now I see Ella.”
“John?” Sherlock says quietly.
“I would if it did something to people I care about.”
“That doesn’t make it okay.”
Sherlock has never imagined that life could be like this. He is John’s boyfriend (they haven’t discussed the terminology, but they have expressed a mutual desire to be in a committed relationship, so boyfriends is effectively what they are), and it turns out that being John’s boyfriend is the only thing that’s better than being the only consulting detective in the world. It’s marvellous. John takes every opportunity to spend time with Sherlock and looks at him with open, undisguised affection, and Sherlock no longer needs to hide how he feels, they touch each other and hug and hold hands and cuddle and kiss and kiss and kiss and kiss, and Sherlock has never experienced a high that felt half so good.
“No,” John says with a small, rueful quirk of the lips. “I’m – bisexual. And this is the first time I’ve actually said it out loud to anyone. Well, aside from…”
Pretty much everything that John revealed to him came as a surprise. He knew that John still harboured resentment about Sherlock’s faked death, despite the forgiveness Sherlock had forced out of him, and he knew that John’s desire for a domestic life was something he forced himself into rather than something he actually wanted, but he didn’t realise to what extent the two were linked. That John wanted to resume their old live but simultaneously didn’t want to give into that desire because of how Sherlock had hurt him. Sherlock’s betrayal was clearly,
John tugged at the band of Sherlock’s pants in a request for permission and Sherlock lifted his hips off the mattress, barely knowing what he was doing as John’s tongue circled his nipple. His entire body felt like it was on fire.
lay a hand on you in anger ever again, or… or take my own issues out on you. I promise you.”
“Did you mean it?” he asks when he finds his voice.
“It’s not that,” Sherlock said as he sat up and turned to look at John. “I just need to brush my teeth so that I can kiss you.” John looked so adorably sleep-rumpled that Sherlock almost regretted his decision, but needs must.
Sherlock pulls out a chair and sits down heavily. What is John saying? Sherlock sacrificed everything for John’s marriage because it was supposed to make him
If he confronts John about this –
And as for the sex itself… it was very enjoyable in the end, but dampened by Sherlock’s memories of John. How much better would it have been if he hadn’t been terrified of hurting Terry? He wants to try topping again, he determines with certainty, and again and again until the only thing on his mind while he does it is the pleasure he’s feeling and giving his partner. John doesn’t get to take this away from him.
John’s face goes soft. “Of course,” he says, a little incredulous. “Anytime. Molly has her on Tuesday afternoon, you could join them, if you want? I think they were planning to go to the zoo.”
“Can I ask why?” John says. It’s not even the most pressing matter on his mind, but there are so many questions swirling around in his head and he has to choose one. “I mean, why didn’t you just… I’m sure you could have your pick of all the gay men in London.”
“Oh, you know, fresh mountain air and all that. It does wonders for the constitution. By the way, I see that Lestrade finally made his move.” Sherlock deflects, trying to shift the attention away from himself. It was his idea to meet her here, but he realises now he doesn’t particularly want – or know how – to talk to her. They don’t usually do this kind of thing.
” Sherlock moans. It’s unclear whether it’s the answer to John’s question or just a mindless vocalisation of Sherlock’s enjoyment, but it doesn’t matter. John rubs one nipple and then the other as Sherlock writhes and arches in his arms, and then he lets his other hand dip between Sherlock’s legs, cupping his sac in his palm.
that level of intimacy, to give himself to John so fully. And besides, he’s fairly sure that John’s worries about hurting Sherlock during sex had more to do with penetrative intercourse than anything they did last night, and Sherlock would like to fully assuage his fears as soon as possible. After how careful and tender John was with him last night, Sherlock doesn’t think there’s any reason for concern… he doesn’t even feel nervous. John will take care of him.
“Why don’t you take a shower,” he whispers, running his thumb across Sherlock’s plump lower lip, “get yourself nice and clean, and then wait for me on the bed. I’ll show you exactly what I have in mind.”
Sherlock nods, and as he does so he turns his head to press a kiss to John’s palm. “You?”
“Okay. But you can kiss me anyway, just so you know,” John said with an arched eyebrow, and then stretched languidly, as if to say
“Yeah, like that, keep going,” John tells him, knowing Sherlock likes listening to him, and Sherlock immediately begins rubbing himself harder, hips canting forward. He looks absolutely
Robert scoffs. “
“Yes. So Sam came up with this system where every act was a different city, and then he’d just ask me where I wanted to go,” Patrick grins at Sam with so much love in his eyes it takes Sherlock’s breath away.
Sherlock lets the touch of John’s hand guide him back down on the sofa because it actually feels like his knees might give out. God, he’s even more pathetic than he thought. He covers his face with his hands and tries to deepen his breaths.
“Harder,” Sherlock gets out between moans and John is happy to comply, thrusting in deep with force, skin slapping against skin.
“Can you try to wrap one leg around my back?” John asks him when the need to breathe forces them to stop kissing. Sherlock does as instructed, changing the angle of penetration, and when John moves again, hot, molten pleasure explodes deep within Sherlock’s core.
“Not at the moment,” Sherlock says. “But I have a client scheduled for tomorrow morning who thinks his wife is a vampire.”
, I promise you,” Sherlock says beseechingly, because the worst thing that could come out of this mess would be John blaming himself for anything – the point of the whole thing was to make him feel
John comes in just as Sherlock is trying to stop Rosie from mashing potatoes all over herself like some sort of facial mask.
“John… thank you, but you don’t have to do that. I don’t need a reward for… it’s not a chore for me to spend time with Rosie, I like doing it.”
“What else?” John asks. “Was there… did we do anything else that you liked?”
“I don’t mean just that,” John says heavily. “There’s also… the mortuary. The way I treated you ever since you came back.”
No, Sherlock wants to say, John has had absolutely no effect on the organ pumping blood through Sherlock’s body (although John’s
“John, oh,
When he finally stops trembling he lifts his head to look at John, still rather stunned that this is all actually happening. He knows his face must be reddened and blotched and puffy, but John smiles at him like Sherlock is the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen.
John’s heart almost stops at the sight, even though Sherlock’s enjoyment had been more than obvious.
That can’t happen. He can never hurt Sherlock again, not ever, not under any circumstances, but especially not in a context that’s meant to be loving.
God. Is he actually thinking about it – considering it? A relationship with Sherlock?
“You are,” John says fiercely, intensity blazing in his eyes. “You are, Sherlock, so much. You deserve to be. You deserve – all the love and care in the world and I’ll keep giving it to you for as long as you let me.”
He’s about to turn on his heel and leave when Sam opens the door.
I didn’t stop to think that maybe it would be a good idea to start with something else!”
It’s clearly not what John was expecting he’d say. “What… sort of precautions?” he asks slowly, clearly intrigued, hopeful.
Sherlock lets out a displeased whine when John has to stop and take a break to rest his jaw and tongue, but John soothes him by kneading his buttocks and rubbing his perineum with his fingers. When John returns to the task at hand he goes straight to the point, pushing the tip of his tongue against the ring of muscle until it yields. He sets about opening Sherlock up, making his hole loose and wet and all but ready for John’s cock – not tonight, of course, tonight John wants to bring Sherlock to orgasm just like this, but the thought of preparing Sherlock with his tongue rather than his fingers on another occasion is very alluring.
“Sometimes.” John wants to ask why only sometimes, but he thinks he knows the answer, and so he doesn’t. Sherlock tilts his head to one side, wordlessly begging John to give more attention to his neck.
If Sherlock can’t predict John’s behaviour as well as he thought, and if he can’t trust himself to stop John when he goes too far, even when stopping him would be in
Sherlock shrugs, trying to act nonchalant. “It’s my understanding that many women like frequenting gay bars because it allows them to have fun free of unwanted male attention.”
Sherlock looks at him and then at Patrick, who’s sat down next to Sherlock, looking at him with an earnest expression.
Sherlock makes an affirmative noise, spreading his legs wider in invitation.
Which, admittedly, has been quite often lately.
Too clinical. What sort of vocabulary is he supposed to use?
“John,” he said, not really able to articulate anything else.
Sherlock turned the words around in his mind, trying to pinpoint what they meant, what they meant to John. As Sherlock had already established, John wanted to fuck him, but also take care of him, and Sherlock hadn’t really let him do that, had he? And—did one of them have to make love to the other, or could it be mutual? Because that was exactly what Sherlock wanted to do, he realised with a sudden blinding clarity, that was exactly the right term for it: he wanted to make love to John. Not by fucking him (not unless John decided he wanted that, and that didn’t seem likely at the moment) but by using his body to give John pleasure, in any way that John liked.
“No,” Sherlock says firmly. “And I told you to stop doing that.”
“Hey, what’s wrong?” Florian asks with a small frown. Sherlock’s feelings must be showing on his face. “Are you all right?”
Maybe it’s the kind of thing that’s supposed to go both ways.
Sherlock does his best to swallow as hot salty liquid hits the back of his throat but chokes despite his efforts. He lets go of John’s cock a little sooner than he would have liked to, stifling a cough, and he rests his head against John’s inner thigh, just for a while, just for a brief moment before John’s breathing quietens, while John is too high on endorphins to notice Sherlock taking comfort he has no right to.
. It’s such an absurd feeling it almost makes him want to laugh, because he’s known forever, he can hardly remember a time when he
“Don’t go,” Sherlock croaks and with what seems like superhuman effort, he pulls one arm and leg over John’s body, holding him close.
“John.”
Sherlock nods, steeling himself. His body most definitely wants to go back to rutting into tight heat despite his mind’s misgivings and Terry is clearly pretty much gagging for it. He can do this. He adds a bit more lube just for his own peace of mind, then lines up and presses in.
Who the fuck does this? What sort of
. “You’re the best boyfriend I’ve ever had.”
But of course, in Sherlock’s fantasies John was never drunk, and it was always Sherlock whom he wanted.
He breathes hard and finally allows himself to break eye contact. Sherlock swallows.
Sherlock doesn’t stay the night. He wouldn’t mind helping Terry make his flatmate jealous, but the idea of literally
, he mustn’t ruin this for John.
“Yes, Sherlock,” he says, his eyes boring into Sherlock’s. “Everything. I… loved Mary, and in a way I’ll always miss her, but that—that doesn’t change how I feel about you. I meant everything, and I won’t ever say something I don’t.”
“All right?” he asks, and Sherlock nods, curling up as close to John as physically possible.
But John seems a little withdrawn after that, and it turns out that after all, everything’s not all right.
“John,” he says softly, his voice slightly raspy. “Will you move in? Rosie can have your old room and I promise I’ll do anything to make you both comfortable, I can—”
“Indeed.” Sherlock loosens the strings and places the violin back in its case. He’s surprised John was able to tell, his knowledge of music is rather abysmal.
“God yes,” John groans. “You’re so tight, so good. C’mon, make me come, I know you can.”
. So odd and
– otherwise.
Gradually his body relaxes around John and John begins to move – gently, carefully, grinding more than thrusting, a slow undulation of his hips that feels like a mirror image of what his tongue is doing in Sherlock’s mouth, a gentle exploration of Sherlock’s insides. Sherlock moans against John’s mouth, almost overwhelmed. It’s not that what they did before was less momentous, less important, but this feels almost symbolic – offering all of himself to John, making room for him within his body to parallel the space John already occupies within Sherlock’s heart
“Hmm, yeah,” Terry hums. “Feels so good.” Good isn’t exactly the word Sherlock would use, it’s so vague and bland compared to the intensity of the experience, but he can’t come up with anything more specific, or any words at all, for that matter. He breathes, trying to get himself under control as Terry stays still for a few moments, presumably to get used to the stretch, but perhaps only to give Sherlock time to adjust.
“Yes,” Sherlock says, stifling the urge to rub at his scar.
“Intense, was it?” John asks, brushing sweat-damp curls from Sherlock’s face. It must have been, coming so hard twice in, what, fifteen minutes?
Before Sherlock can notice what’s happening, John grabs fistfuls of Sherlock’s t-shirt, pushing him backwards until the back of Sherlock’s thighs hits the kitchen counter and his head slams against one of the cupboards. His vision swims.
But anyway, even if he went back to Sherlock now, what help could he be? Surely his presence would only be making things worse for him. Sherlock
John is on his way home from the surgery and decides to stop by Baker Street. It’s to pick up the stuffed bee Rosie forgot at Mrs Hudson’s the last time she was there, mainly, but it’s also been a few days since he’s last seen Sherlock, and the Stamfords have taken Rosie with them to the zoo, so…
John’s face scrunches briefly, but he keeps petting Sherlock’s hair, and says nothing for a while.
it Dr Watson?” Patrick presses.
“I—I don’t…” Sherlock stutters, then whimpers as John sucks on his earlobe.
But that’s not all. The most amazing thing about Sherlock’s libido is that roughly every two months, it just goes haywire. John hasn’t yet discovered what brings it on, other than it usually happens during a lull between cases, when Sherlock has been bored for a while. It’s like when Sherlock’s mind is idle for once, his body will take over, and its only imperative is to fuck now.
John startles. “What?”
“Yes. You seemed familiar from the beginning, but it took us a while to place you.”
John smiles at him.
“I’ve changed my mind.”
“But you’re not gay,” Sherlock points out, trying to make sense of the complete chaos inside him.
It’s the first time either of them has acknowledged that they are not, in fact, just polite acquaintances. Sherlock swallows. Is he sure? He looks at Jack, dozing next to him on the sofa, and gathers his courage.
“John,” Sherlock moans and his hands travel down John’s back to settle over John’s arse and push his pelvis closer to Sherlock’s as Sherlock thrust up harder, needing him closer, needing more. “John, please—!”
Sherlock might well refuse to see him, and John could hardly blame him. There’s no excuse for what he’s done, for how he’s treated Sherlock. But he must at least try and apologise, if Sherlock lets him. Then he’ll remove himself from Sherlock’s life once and for all, so he can’t hurt him anymore.
“Do you have --?” John asked when they broke apart, voice husky.
“Wow,” John says as his breathing slowly evens out. “That was—wow. Do you…. Um, I mean, should I--?”
“Oh. Well. Care to try?” Terry asks.
, next week. Some of the very best seats, judging by the price.
John sighed. “Stop apologising. The only thing you did wrong was not telling me how you felt, and I’m equally to blame for that because I obviously didn’t make it clear enough that I wanted to know and that your wants and wishes are no less important than mine. I never meant to make you feel like you
“Good,” Sherlock says quickly and drops to his knees, already unfastening John’s trousers. John isn’t hard – of course he isn’t, how could palming Sherlock’s penis do anything but turn him off? – but that’s all right, Sherlock can get him there soon enough, and then he’ll do everything to give John the best orgasm of his life. He just needs to convince John that he doesn’t require anything for him and that John has absolutely nothing to feel bad about.
Robert looks at Sherlock for a long time. He doesn’t know about John, he doesn’t know what happened, he probably just thinks that this would be Sherlock’s first time, but he’ll be able to tell it’s very important to Sherlock. He holds Sherlock’s gaze and nods seriously. “Okay.”
John’s head jerks up and he flinches back imperceptibly, but to his credit, there are no denials, no protestations of hetersexuality. Instead, he looks Sherlock squarely in the eye.
“It’s all right, love, I’ve got you,” John whispers to him soothingly. “That was incredible, you did so well, so well.” He pulls the butt plug out gently and wipes the come from Sherlock’s stomach, murmuring endearments and praise to his ear all the while as he waits for Sherlock’s breathing to slow down.
didn’t want to wait any longer. Well… almost no doubt. He did want it, but in the privacy of his own mind he could admit that he was also slightly… terrified.
“Oh? He must have made quite an impression, if it earned him a sonata.”
When he emerges from his bedroom, John’s standing awkwardly in the kitchen as if unsure if he’s allowed to sit down (which makes no sense, since he clearly felt comfortable enough to open Sherlock’s bottle of wine). The lines around his mouth and eyes appear deeper than they were a few hours ago, and he seems unable to look at Sherlock. Is this pity? Sherlock doesn’t know if he’ll be able to bear it if it’s pity.
John left him to it, and Sherlock splashed cold water on his face. He’d have to do as John asked and admit to his fears and shortcomings – as ridiculous as they were – and hope that John could understand.
Sherlock shrugs. “I’ll just let them know I won’t be seeing them again.”
Feeling like a fool, Sherlock obeys.
John watches him silently for a while, marvelling at how quickly Sherlock has gone from prim and composed to flushed and wanton. His lips are parted and simply begging to be kissed, releasing soft sighs and hums of pleasure that grow steadily more intense.
“Of course, John,” Sherlock promises.
“Yes, yes, please!” he cries out as John repeats the motion, sending further sparks of ecstasy down every nerve in Sherlock’s body. Needing more, Sherlock lifts his other leg too, crossing his ankles behind John’s back, trying to draw John even deeper into himself, and it works –
“Thank you,” he murmurs, and settles himself with his head on John’s shoulder. John takes a drink too and then pulls Sherlock even closer, brushing damp curls from his forehead. Sherlock gives him a gentle smile, eyes full of affection.
“Maybe.” The downward turn of John’s mouth was heart-breaking. “But you were uncomfortable, and I shouldn’t have let that happen.”
disappoint him again.
“Sorry, we didn’t have time wrap it. Happy Christmas.”
“Sherlock?”
“Sorry,” John murmurs, even though it’s unclear what exactly he’s apologising for. Sherlock strokes Jack’s head. “I shouldn’t have made you talk about it.”
to find a way to make it worth it for him.
The key, then, was not to let things go that far. The whole thing had to be over before Sherlock could lose control. He had to stay calm and present throughout. To achieve that, he had to avoid the amount of stimuli that overwhelmed him yesterday – it was true that in the end absolutely everything had felt like
