“...so?”
Sherlock shook his head. “My parents tried to make it easy for me, they really did, but the other kids made my life hell. Children can be cruel.”
"Let me guess," Sherlock said sarcastically, opening his pale blue eyes. "You're going to see Sarah, or Olivia, or Charlotte and hope that if you complain about your crazy flatmate you'll get enough sympathy points and they'll let you sleep with them."
”Of course it is!” Sherlock rebutted. “You‘re my best friend, we live together, and these… these
"Why don't you, uhm... I dunno, compose a little?"
“Shouldn’t you be reading the next question, instead?”
”To what?” questioned the detective, inspecting the clear liquid warily.
Sherlock’s eyes widened in surprise. “Yes! How did you know that?”
?! Why on earth would you choose that?”
“I can’t think of one. I have everything I need.” he replied bluntly.
Sherlock arched an eyebrow. “Do you really have to ask?”
“No.”
“John?”
Still it would have been nice to understand him the way he understood John, for once.
Sherlock produced a bizarre sound, something between a laugh and a sigh.
“I’m offended that you would even suggest—“
“Uhm, what are you doing?” asked John gingerly, making his way to the kitchen.
“You can keep repeating it all you want, it won’t make it any less true.”
“No, wait, I didn’t mean it like that.” Sherlock tried to explain.
He sipped his coffee, looking out of the window moodily. He was still mad at Sherlock. Mad, and also confused. Did he really feel that strongly about his relationships? Why had he never spoken about it before?
How much different would their lives have been, had they grown up together?
"I can call Molly if you want, see if she can get you something for your experiments. Cmon, a pair of eyeballs, a thumb, something."
They both drank avidly and for a while they kept quiet, enjoying the warm, cozy sensation of the alcohol they’d just drank spreading in their chests.
“It’s not all they do!” replied John, defensively. “Technically, they were made to ‘create a sense of intimacy between strangers’.”
are a distraction. To both of us.”
John laughed in disbelief.
“If a crystal ball could tell you the truth about yourself, your life, the future or anything else, what would you want to know?”
“A magician never reveals his secrets.”
, because he didn’t know that he could keep it together if he did.
John blinked, confused. “Win what?”
“Do I, though?”
“What’s that?”
John bit his lip, trying to blink back the tears that threatened to erupt at any moment.
John’s brow furrowed.
“Everyone is
“But you do understand them.” objected John. “Someone could argue that that’s what makes you a great detective.”
”John?”
“Actually, it’s for—“
Still, what if Sherlock was right? What if love really was just an illusion created by huge companies to sell books and movies and chocolates on Valentine’s day? He surely didn’t have any evidence to support the opposite.
“Okay, if you say so.”
“I think yours.”
“You’re honest.”
So I stopped. Not right away, of course. I had to go to rehab, and after that I learned that I had to fight, every day, to make sure that nothing like that happened again.”
“Well you love your work, don’t you?” he offered tentatively.
“For the last time, you can’t argue with a boardgame— you know what, I‘m not having this discussion again.”
He leaned in until there was only a handful of centimeters separating them.
Sherlock fell silent. He was biting his bottom lip, like he was holding something back.
"Not in the right state of mind."
John raised his eyebrows. “Nothing?”
That was, until he’d gotten shot. He recounted it vividly: the excruciating pain to his shoulder, the honorable discharge, the rehabilitation. Sherlock listened to it all without interrupting, occasionally nodding.
John blushed and glanced helplessly around, trying to ignore the impact that the words ‘I like your body’ were having on his sanity.
And if he’d been a bit more courageous, he might have told him that. But he didn’t. Instead, he said, “Is it too unoriginal to say ‘the meaning of life’?”
“I don’t. Now, as an adult, I’ve learned not to think much of it. But as a child who only wanted to fit in…” He paused. John felt a bit uncomfortable, like he was seeing a part of Sherlock he wasn’t supposed to. “I started using my intelligence as a shield. Started telling myself that it was okay that they didn’t like me, because I was superior to them. And that only made them hate me more.”
”I don’t like whatever you’re trying to insinuate.” John mumbled grumpily.
He casted a glance at the window, lost in thought. He would have done anything for his mother to still be annoying him with her over protectiveness. He shrugged that thought away and forced himself to focus on the questions. No use lingering over the past.
“What? No.” he replied, defensively. Then he conceded: “Okay, maybe. I mean, if I have to believe in something, better this than the horoscope.”
”What are you staring at me for?”
Eventually he sighed and raised his hands in defeat.
“You sure are spacing out a lot tonight.”
”You should really try finding a better hiding place.” said the detective nonchalantly.
Sherlock looked at him like he wanted to raise an objection. “Yes, but-“
How much easier would it all have been if he’d actually believed it.
“You don’t know what I’d give for a case like that right now.” He poured some more wine into his mug, then raised it. “To a new damn case before I go completely mad!”
John frowned, taken aback.
“That, I can toast to. Cheers!”
“What do you suggest, then, since you’re so smart?!” Sherlock snapped.
Sherlock leaned closer to him and put a hand on his shoulder, staring at him as if the answer to the question was hidden somewhere inside his baby blue eyes. John found himself holding his breath, despite himself, his heart racing madly. Sherlock was so close that he could feel his breath against his skin, and that was having more of an effect on him than he cared to admit. He forced himself to meet his gaze.
Sherlock scoffed. “Well, we can’t do shots, can we? We don’t have the right glasses.”
”Do you have a secret hunch about how you will die?”
John folded his arms, irritated and confused. Why was Sherlock being so critical all of a sudden, when a few minutes before they’d been laughing together?
The tears slipped out and tumbled onto the sheets; there was nothing he could do to hold them back.
Something was wrong. John could barely understand her. Her voice was shrill and high-pitched, and she sounded like she might have been –
It was one of those evenings when everything just seemed to be perfect.
Sherlock turned once more, gave the press another quick wave, then turned and walked through it.
“Mmm, John,” Sherlock breathed back, just as overcome. John gave a sharp twist on the upstroke, and Sherlock keened into his mouth. “
“Sherlock…”
“Yes, God, yes.” John kissed him again, tongue plunging between Sherlock’s lips, reassuring and taking his own comfort in every sweet swipe of his tongue against Sherlock’s own.
“Yes, John?” She poked her head out of the kitchen, grinning broadly with a tea towel in her hand.
He shook his head, hard, and clenched his hands against the sides of the sink.
He’s heavy. Waterlogged. Limp. Sherlock is dimly surprised at his own strength for a split second. His head breaks the surface and he sucks in air and with every ounce of anything left in him he pushes John up onto the rocks and crawls up after him.
She sighed, and with long, slender fingers, pushed her hood back. “That is
“Sorry, I was hoping to be back before you woke up.” Sherlock came forward to sit on the edge of the bed, supporting John as he pushed himself up to sitting.
“Only kidding.” Sherlock said with a chuckle. “He was rubbish.”
“He was more than worried, John.” Mrs. Hudson was suddenly firm, her hands clenched nervously around the tea towel. “You didn’t see him in that A&E; he was an absolute
He reached for the stack of the sample of cards someone had dropped off for him a couple hours ago. Maybe it would make him feel better.
“Don’t know. Still late.” It was still dark outside the window, no light from the horizon breaking through the gloom.
“I love
“A friend who bullies us, is no longer a friend. And since bullies only respond to strength, from now onward, I will be prepared to be much stronger.”
Sherlock’s whirling thoughts grinded to a halt.
, he couldn’t believe he hadn’t thought of it before.
“Oh, right, okay.” John replied, a little thrown. He turned back to Sherlock. “Is that alright?”
as his entire body trembled – the fire burning in low embers in his chest flaring up into red-hot bursts of sensation. Sherlock moved slowly, rocking in and out of John almost unbearably gently, and still the feeling of him around him, inside him made every inch of John’s skin cry out with sublime intensity.
Dad just looked at him. The lines in his face seemed to be deepening.
“Would you believe they were just as stuck up as English girls?” he asked, tentatively.
Hardly daring to breathe, John moved in close and settled his arm around Sherlock’s back. Sherlock copied him. His fingers felt like they were burning where they rested against John’s shoulder blade.
“It’s good scotch,” he said, casually.
,” John breathed, desire dripping from every syllable.
Sherlock ran a soothing hand down John’s side, then reached around him and took hold of his cock. John groaned, half in relief, and pushed into his hand without pausing.
John bowed low, beaming down at his admirers all around the hall. The choir joined hands and bowed too, the musicians standing up to join them.
His voice sounded horribly defeated and sad, but he meant it. He hoped Sherlock knew that.
“No.” John shook his head against the pillow. “No, I never will.”
Chest compressions again, thirty beats, with steady hands, and another breath into his lungs that feels like a dagger in Sherlock’s heart because this is all
“Who is it?”
John felt his orgasm bearing down upon him, building deep inside his belly, Sherlock’s incredible fingers bringing him nearer and nearer to the precipice, oh,
John felt his eyes soften – the way only Sherlock could make them do – and he nodded. “Yes.”
“What?” Sherlock’s brow furrowed in confusion.
“Tell you what, I
knows?” he blurted out.
. It all burst open inside him, flooding though his every cell and out through the little sobs he was gasping into John’s mouth, but John understood. John, who was holding him tight by his grip across Sherlock’s back, John who was meeting his lips with desperate little moans and just as much bone-deep feeling; John, who was still
They were able to settle into each other, although there wasn’t really any room on either side of them. They wouldn’t really be able to move at all in their sleep.
He pressed in a little further, and Sherlock made a soft noise into John’s lips. He seemed to be thinking the same thing, and wrapped his arm around John’s shoulder, pulling their bodies flush up against each other. John’s heart thumped happily in his chest. He pushed his tongue in to stroke along Sherlock’s, to feel the exquisite heat of his mouth on his, and Sherlock pushed in too, and met him.
“Good luck,” Sherlock whispered sideways to him.
, and needed it now.
a load off my mind,” Sherlock shot back. He dropped into the chair beside Molly, plucking his coffee from the tray and pointedly not looking at his brother.
His brain felt like it was hammering against his skull, his ears ringing, daggers shooting through his side at every inhale, every retch. His entire body was shivering in a cold sweat, and he barely noticed Sherlock’s arms wrapped around him, holding him through it, lips brushing the side of his neck as he whispered soothingly against his skin.
“Oi!” he barked out, when he found the culprits – two year six boys, charging down the hall on their way back from the loo. “No running in the halls!”
“Good,” Sherlock muttered. John could hear the exhaustion in his voice.
Sam shrieked with laughter, squirming and howling. “Get off, you big bully!”
Sherlock, though, was cheerful, or as cheerful as he could be with the mountain of papers teetering in front of him on this desk they’d commandeered. It had been an
“He’s Portuguese.”
“Oh, you’re so good, Sherlock,” he said in a desperate whisper.
As soon as she was gone, Sherlock pressed his hands hard underneath his eyes, holding back the tide.
He regretted it as soon as he said it – a shadow passed over Sherlock’s face, brief but unmistakable, and John knew he saw him swallow down a lump in his throat before he could recover his features into a smirk. His eyes brightened as he chuckled low and rumbling in his chest, but there was something hollow about it, definitely, some part of that shadow that lingered even as Sherlock pushed it away.
Sherlock’s eyes fell closed, and he swallowed.
“Yes.”
“Goodnight, Sherlock.”
“Obviously.” Sherlock couldn’t quite keep the smirk out of his voice as he said it, loving the barely-detectable edge of exasperation that settled in the corners of John’s mouth. God, he’d missed him. “All the previous victims were younger members, none of them older than thirty-five. Probably held junior positions within the family, unlikely to arouse the wrath of such a major opponent. They’re dispensable, more easily killed, and clearly taken notice of when they go missing.”
When his eyes opened again, there were depths in them that John had never seen, depths that he couldn’t even begin to wade through. Sherlock sucked in another harsh breath and exhaled it, lowly.
The days dragged onward, with hardly enough change in John’s condition to make them worth noting. The wound still throbbed, though the painkillers were mostly enough to force it down to a manageable ache, and the nausea and headaches came in intervals that were only slightly shorter each time. Mostly, now, John was starting to get restless – days of crap telly and sleep were wearing on his mind like a whetstone slowly scraping away, and his limbs itched with the desire to get out of the flat, to seek that excitement he relied on so much now, just to
Sherlock gave a sad little smile, tugging at the sleeve of John’s jumper.
He heard it creaking open, and he gave just the briefest of glances to see who it was – Mrs. Hudson, the housekeeper, bearing the tray.
come with me,” Sherlock said. He dipped his head to smear his lips along John’s jaw, teeth grazing the skin just below his ear. “Come on.”
“Good.” Mrs. Hudson turned around. “Well, I’ve found you a perfect housekeeper for your stay. This is Sherlock.”
Sherlock smirked a bit, thinking about it. Harry and her newest girlfriend Diane had only been together for a few months, but Sherlock and John had agreed from the very beginning that it wouldn’t last. Harry just wasn’t making much of secret of the fact that she was so much less invested in the relationship than Diane was. Their rows, frequent even by Harry’s standards, were grating on them both too; just a couple weeks ago, John had had to spend at least an hour coaxing Harry down from a towering rage after she’d discovered the expensive new phone Di had been planning to give her as a birthday present, and demanded to know why Di was trying to make things so serious so quickly. After this episode, John and Sherlock had shortened their estimate of their relationship to lasting just into the new year – just long enough for themselves to be obligated to have a terrible Christmas Eve dinner with them, as Harry hadn’t taken no for an answer.
”How long was I talking?”
If Sherlock was willing to bury the hatchet, so was he.
”A drinking game? And what would the rules be, may I ask?”
“I only do it when I phone my parents.” explained Sherlock as he poured a generous amount of wine into a wonky ceramic cup  his mother had gifted him a few Christmases before, after taking a pottery class. “I don’t want them to worry, you know, so sometimes I rehearse what I’m going to say in order to sound... well, sober. Or I used to, anyways. Not anymore.”
The kitchen and the living room were an absolute mess. Opened takeaway boxes on the coffee table and on the floor, glasses and mugs everywhere, a juicer and half a dozen squeezed limes on the kitchen table.
No answer.
“That’s not- It’s not that I don’t care about you, but…” he tried to explain.
”Why would you want that?”
“No, not really. Though I suppose it brings us clients, which makes it almost worth it. Your turn.”
Sherlock grinned at him from above his plate.
He turned off the water. He guessed he was going to find out. He dressed himself and, when he was done, peeked through his bedroom door to see if Sherlock was there. He was surprised to find out that he wasn’t.
But he didn’t. And just like it had started, the moment ended, and John couldn’t help but feel relieved.
?” He raised a perfect eyebrow. “I’m offended.”
Sherlock stayed silent for a few seconds. John could see from his darting eyes that he was weighing pros and cons.
”I’m sorry. Forgive me.”
“I was serious about the cat.”
Sherlock gently placed his hand under John’s chin, forcing him to look him in the eyes.
“Nothing, I just always pictured you listening to something more ‘manly’. You know, Metallica, Black Sabbath, stuff like that. Something one would expect a
Despite himself, John found himself smiling as he entered his bedroom and collected a dusty bottle of gin from his closet.
“For the record, I wouldn’t want to be famous for any reason. I’ve seen how the media treats you, I think I’m good. How about you, do you like being Sherlock Holmes, the detective with the funny hat?”
”John?” Sherlock’s deep voice pulled him out of his train of thought. He blinked and refocused his gaze on the cab door, hoping that his flatmate wouldn’t be able to deduce the thoughts that were crossing his mind.
Sherlock stretched his arms with a yawn. “I think we
“Why?” John asked. He wasn’t in the mood to play games.
It was unnecessary, but he was angry and confused, and he was going straight for the jugular.
“Oh, Christ.” was the only thing John could think of to say. “Sorry about that, mate.”
Sherlock stared at him for a few seconds, an indecipherable expression painted on his face. John couldn’t decide wether it was a good thing or not.
He shoved those thoughts in a drawer hidden deep somewhere of his mind. There was no point in dwelling on such matters. Sherlock was here now, and that was all that counted. Was it? Yes, surely. It must be. Maybe if he repeated it enough it would start to feel true.
“Wouldn’t you like to know?” he teased him, grinning lightly.
Sherlock ignored him and wrapped himself in the blanket more tightly.
Sherlock inspected it warily for a few seconds. “You sure this is gonna work?”
John swallowed hard. It wasn’t the first time he’d caught him staring, but that didn’t make it any less embarrassing.
“A cat, John.” Sherlock repeated impatiently, as if it had been the most obvious thing in the world. “We should get a cat.”
“That it would.” John agreed, nodding solemnly. “That it would.”
“But what?” Sherlock asked, eyes flaming with rage, as if challenging him to answer.
predictable to me. It’s kind of my whole deal, if you remember.”
“What?” John squinted, confused.
“I propose another toast.” he announced solemnly.
“Yeah, I’m fine, I was just… lost in thought.” he muttered, blushing a deep shade of red.
“Fair enough. Go on, then.”
“Fine.” conceded Sherlock after a few seconds. “I’d like to understand people.”
Sherlock smiled a bitter smile.
“Well, lots of things are new.” he smiled.
(For the record, it wasn’t red. It was blue. But there was no reason for Sherlock to know that, now was there?)
Fortunately Sherlock seemed to get the message and he quicky lowered his gaze.
He sighed. If he had to share it with someone sooner or later, he was happy it had been Sherlock.
Ten minutes passed. Then half an hour. Then an hour. There was no sign of Sherlock.
”Okay, if you don’t want to keep playing then I’ll just play by myself.”
The detective jumped to his feet and started pacing restlessly, his long slim legs crossing the small room in just a couple of steps.
“Before we continue, I’d like to make a toast.” announced Sherlock, falling heavily onto his chair and raising a glass. “To me.”
“Stop what?”
”Not really.” John admitted candidly. “But we’ll never know until we try.”
As a doctor, he knew that coffee didn’t do much to lower the level of ethanol in their blood, but it had the opposite effect to alcohol, and he thought they might cancel each other out.
”Let’s see... we both tip more than fifteen percent when we eat out. We both enjoy solving crimes-“
Every day would be nice, from now on.
He kept thinking about him. He tried not to, but he couldn’t help it.
A few moments later they pulled apart. They were just standing there, both grinning like idiots, both wondering how they could have waited this long to do this. Most of their tea had been spilled on the ground in the spur of the moment, but they didn’t care.
”Do you? I mean, you solve crimes, but you don’t do it to help others.”
John bit his lip. Who else? He found it hard to admit, but it was as if his whole life had started with Sherlock. His friends, his job, even his house. He had no family and, apart from Mike Stamford, with whom he met once every two or three months for some catching up, no real friends of his own.
“Not terrible, no” She was giving him a subtle sort of smile, like they were sharing a secret. “But things I’m sure weren’t true, all the same. After all, it seems like the work you’re doing is
John reached down between their bodies, and closed his hand around both their cocks. Sherlock choked out a deep moan that set John’s every nerve alight.
John, however, paid them no attention, because Sherlock was coming toward him, stepping slowly down the stairs and brimming with joy so profound that John couldn’t see anything else.
“The sitting room’s clear,” he whispered into the mouthpiece. “No signs of a previous forced entry on the window or the door, and no one’s been in this room for at least three days, judging by the dust.”
, wanting to try this out? Was it really just to prove a point? Or was it because the idea had infected him so much it suddenly seemed like the only way he was
“So, come on,” Dad pressed on. He looked determined. “It’s someone at school, right?”
Her eyes immediately clouded over with guilt again, and John felt something other than bile rise up in his throat.
“Who cares. I’m the only one that matters,” John murmured.
“Smile,” Sherlock said, his long-perfected instincts kicking in. “Take a bow.”
“Good morning,” Magnussen replied. He was smiling at him, his eyes trailing on him as he moved down the stairs. “How is your day so far?”
John shot him a sardonic grin.
“Worse than the total agony of being in love?” he said. Dad just didn’t understand; Sherlock couldn’t imagine
“How was school?” Sherlock asked. He’d dropped his book and laid a slender arm around John’s shoulders.
the next logical step, after failing to chat up a couple people at work?”
Sherlock laid a heavy kiss to the centre of John’s collarbone, and John could feel the emotion in it.
He didn’t move away, and neither did Sherlock. Behind them, the kids were still singing, exuberant and oblivious.
The fury in Sherlock’s chest swelled tenfold.
Sherlock blinked, letting his mind sluggishly absorb those words and all their implications. They filtered down through his nerves and lodged themselves in the pit of dread at the centre of his chest.
Sherlock blinked away the haze in front of his vision and turned toward the sound, and what he saw made his brow furrow in surprise.
fail me, Sherlock.” John shook his head fiercely. “Not ever.”
Sherlock looked up at John. His eyes were wide with what John couldn’t help but think was…
“Mycroft…” Sherlock’s voice was painfully bitten off. “If he doesn’t come out of this…”
He didn’t move. He waited, breath stopped.
“So, Sarah’s going to say her final farewell to you, not through me…” He paused, fighting the urge to shake his head at the unreality of it all. “But through the immortal genius of the Bay City Rollers.”
His mouth was hanging open like he couldn’t believe it, but – Sherlock’s heart constricted with delight – there was a smile in there, too.
His eyes were dry but burning, and he screwed them shut, trying to pull himself back from whatever precipice he was about to hurl over – back away from blank eyes and cold hands, away from the long, drawn-out shriek of a flat line across a black screen, away from ghostly pale lips that whispered his name in a sound less than a breath before finally going still. He clenched his hands against the porcelain and pulled back, pulled back, pulled back to the alley and the blood and the whitewashed tiles, if only to keep himself from the unthinkable alternative.
“Hi there, and welcome back!” said one of the identical hosts next to him, the one in the ugly striped jumper. God help him, Sherlock couldn’t be arsed to remember which one he was – they both had stupid names anyway. “So, three weeks till Christmas, looks like the main competition is gonna be Blue Carbuncle.”
that he get this right.
But he knew that it wouldn’t work. This was one of those times when nothing would. And the higher and more pained her voice got, the heavier the defeat seemed to weigh in John’s chest.
“I, uh…”
In the cab ride home later, Sherlock gave directions back to his flat, and didn’t invite John to do the same. Nor did John ask the cabbie to stop when they drove through his neighbourhood. Both of them knew exactly where they were going.
He broke off from John’s lips and began kissing a line along John’s jaw and down to his neck. John moaned breathily and leaned his head back, giving him more room, and Sherlock took the invitation gladly. He paid special attention to the space between his collarbones, nipping at it lightly with his teeth, making John gasp and reach a hand up to thread his fingers through Sherlock’s curls, cradling his head against him like something precious. Sherlock continued his path, pushing back the collar of John’s shirt with his hands and kissing up his left collarbone, finding the perfect place at the base of his neck and biting gently.
He let her hold him for a while, swallowing heavily and trying not to shake. He wasn’t sure if he managed it; her arms came up to pat gently between his shoulders as he fought to hold everything back.
Now he was alone, the office seemed vast. John felt like he was adrift in the open ocean, no signs of life for miles, no end to anything in sight.
And John had had a reply on his lips, but something had made him hold it back. There was something in Sherlock’s face, an expression almost like…defeat.
Dad turned around, a hand to his chest, but looking pleased. “Thank the Lord! Tell me.”
It pierced right through John’s chest.
All talk in the room died out instantly, leaving silence. Every head was turned toward Sherlock. Some looked disappointed, others baffled.
Sherlock’s head snapped up just in time to see John –
“They shouldn’t have worried, though,” he went on. “I’m not letting you get rid of me that easy.”
Harry looked suspiciously from him over to John.
And then, Sherlock’s face split wide into a bright, shining grin.
“Why?” Sherlock asked.
, hands smoothing tenderly up Sherlock’s hips, and looked up to meet his eyes, his gaze questioning and calming, silently saying
“God, never seen
He made himself concentrate on his breathing; deeply, slowly, not letting panic steal it away from him again.
“No.” John said finally, shaking his head and trying to smile. “Nothing.”
Sherlock turned, but John had already caught up with him. He placed a tentative hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, pulled him to face him. John came right up close, then paused, panting. There couldn’t have been more than a foot of space between them
, above him and around him and inside him, and still he needed more.
The piano played on beneath the fraught vocals, and all too soon it was playing them out. A sustained high note, trembling a little, silence again.
“Do you want to, um…” Sherlock’s voice was a low murmur.
The crowd flooded in behind John. He cast his gaze around, across the diners, the bartender on his left, the few people puttering around – but there was no sign of him.
The hospital’s grotesquely familiar façade faded into view out of the epileptic light, and then Sherlock was hurrying alongside the gurney into the A&E, not letting go, not stopping his string of increasingly incomprehensible babbling, not tearing his eyes away even for a second as doctors whisked him towards the double doors that lead to the operating room–
John nodded, and pulled off his coat. “Mary let you in, did she?”
John nodded, softly, holding himself in Sherlock’s tender gaze. “Just as long as you promise to keep me.”
Sherlock’s eyebrow gave a little twitch, his expression warm and compassionate.
“I know, I know, we’ll be taking it easy for a while yet.” John smoothed his hands down Sherlock’s shoulders, smiling softly. “But I’m getting better.”
Then Mycroft had sidled up, and with a crooked smirk, bent to give John a kiss too before he knew what was happening. Then Sherlock’s mother appeared on John’s other side, and laid quite an enthusiastic one on him before she pulled back and began to speak rapidly in Portuguese, tearing up joyfully as she did.
This year it was being held in some sort of modern art gallery – at least, that’s what Sherlock guessed it was, given the mostly bare grey walls, save for a few scattered pictures of naked people and corporate logos. But they’d all been mostly covered by tinsel, and everyone was too busy either picking through hors d’oeuvres or awkwardly swaying on the makeshift dance floor to some synth-heavy popular tune to pay them much attention. Sherlock and John were clustered in a corner next to a large canvas featuring four bare male bottoms, and John was deep in conversation with Dimmock about the new prime minister.
John gave a winsome little chuckle. “Yeah, it’s a bit dodgy isn’t it? Looks like a finger from a corpse.”
John gasped out another soft
He’d opened his eyes, to see John’s just inches from his face, as bright and beautiful as they’d ever been, even red-rimmed and glistening. As Sherlock spoke, a powerful sort of determination passed through them, followed by a soft, gentle look that seemed to make Sherlock’s heart leap back to life out of the dust.
“Oh, for heaven’s sake, can’t a man have any secrets?”
It was everything Sherlock could do to tamp down the smile that was threatening to reach all the way to his ears.
Eventually, John pressed a soft, chaste kiss to Sherlock’s bottom lip, and gathered himself up off of Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock gripped him by the arm in a brief flash of panic, unwilling to let him leave even for a second, but John met the concern in Sherlock’s eyes with bright tenderness, stroking his thumb sweetly down his cheekbone and leaning forward to press a soft kiss to his forehead; a silent but unmistakable promise to come right back. Sherlock, assured but still reluctant, relaxed his hold, and John pushed himself off the bed, stumbling in the dim light toward the bathroom for a wet flannel. Sherlock leaned back against the pillows and watched him, a small satisfied smile playing at his lips, his heart full.
“You’re sure it’s her?” John was skimming over accounts of the previous cases she’d been involved in with no small amount of disgust.
It was obvious that she had more to say, but Harry lifted a hand in deference and sipped at her tea again. John tried to steer the conversation to something more neutral, but it wasn’t long before he realized it was hopeless and needed her gone, and Sherlock promptly ushered her out with quick pleasantries before she could protest too much.
“Fine,” John sighed, giving a dramatic roll of his eyes. “Candles?”
They grasped each others’ wrists, and held on for a moment. Sherlock took in Mycroft’s expression, how it was trying desperately not to smile. A rare rush of affection for him bloomed in Sherlock’s chest.
There was something in the way she said it, something proud and determined, as if her job were the most important one in the British government. And somehow Sherlock knew she was right.
“Look, I’ve got to go. I’ve got to…” he stammered a bit, scanning through his mind. “…see a client. Case. Very important.” He turned away, his eyes downcast. “You can let yourself out, can’t you?”
Sherlock scoffed, looking down at the clashing lines of different patterns that ran across his chest.
“Tell me, if you were in my position, what would you do?”
“Nnngh.” John felt the muscles of his arse clenching, still.
Sherlock moved toward the doctor as if in a trance. Unsure of what to do with his hands, he crossed them tightly in front of his chest as he stopped in front of her.
there could never be anyone else, my love. Not for me.”
“Was it?” Sherlock’s voice smooth and rich as honey. “I must be as shameless as you are.”
Sherlock immediately switched the telly off. He hated that song.
“No –
All the air flowed out of John’s lungs in a silent rush. His heart stood still and heavy, crushing them.
John gave a little shrug of one shoulder. “Well, there isn’t much to know.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes a bit, the crease in his brow growing deeper. “Do you maybe want to run that past your own medical expertise, doctor?”
He couldn’t help himself – his smile was bursting out of him, tugging at his lips and crinkling the corners of his eyes.
“Of course, love, of course, anything you want, I’ll give it to you.” John’s voice was more heat than sound, breath sweeping across Sherlock’s lips, a hand coming to rest in his curls, stroking gently.
Sherlock let out a quiet breath of laughter. “You need to rest, John.” John made a noise of protest, but Sherlock traced his fingers softly down his cheek. “It’s alright. Go back to sleep.”
Something to give away what he was thinking, even the slightest bit.
– and then he was getting inside. The door closed, and the car began to drive away.
He turned around, about to ask, but John was already there, ready to take him by the hand and lead him into the centre of the room.
for Sherlock, as close as possible, nothing between them but their mingling sweat and pounding heartbeats.
He worked slowly these days – his hands seemed heavier than usual at his computer. He only ever stole glances up into the office in front of him a couple times a day now – any more, and he wouldn’t have been able to get anything done at all – but even so, he felt like he was constantly staring into empty space. It was unbearably quiet, and cold, and even his lonely flat seemed like a better alternative now, though he could barely sleep in that room any more, could barely move in it at all without remembering everything in vivid detail, in every cell of his body. And it ached like nothing else before.
Sherlock quirked an eyebrow. “Is that any way to speak to your captain?”
Steadying himself, and keeping his grip on John’s arse, Sherlock lifted his legs to wrap around John’s thighs and rolled his own hips down onto John’s cock, the angle deepening and suddenly John was hitting Sherlock’s prostate with every deliberate thrust, sending white hot sparks up Sherlock’s every nerve, down to the tips of his fingers, to the top of his scalp, tearing John’s name from his lips in a sound that was half shout, half sob.
John started violently. Sherlock did too, his hand retreating. John had broken the kiss, and was breathing heavily, trying to get his bearings.
Sherlock’s hands were cradling John’s face, one of them pushing back to stroke through John’s hair and
“Awful, isn’t it?”
He pulled John back in – or maybe it was John who pulled
“Absolutely.” John let his fingers trace slow circles over Sherlock’s back.
and he had
John reluctantly turned away and began to make small talk; he listened to people’s dull stories about their families, half tuning them out most of the time. He consented to dance with a couple of the junior designers, and did one with Sarah too, who took the chance to badger him about Sherlock again. He ignored her. He caught Sherlock’s eye a couple times from across the room, but didn’t approach him again. It was starting to be quite a decent night; he didn’t want to ruin it by doing something stupid.
“Taste explosion?” He offered her the tray.
They turned back to the maps then, and the plan, but kept their hands clasped under the table, out of sight of the surrounding officers, occasionally giving each other a reassuring squeeze or a soft sweet brush of fingers over the other’s palm. It wasn’t nearly enough, but it was a small, comforting anchor to each other in this hostile territory, and an earnest promise of what was to come when all of this was safely wrapped up.
“I know,” John murmured back. It was all he could say.
“Goodnight, John,” he said, softly.
“You wouldn’t dare,” John giggled, and then he was kissing him.
The innocent image alone shot through Sherlock’s heart like a bullet.
The attendants turned towards the television screens to their left. Something was up there that had caught there attention. It looked like a breaking news story, Sherlock thought, or possibly a surprise guest on a chat show, but he didn’t have time to see for certain.
Sherlock chuckled his agreement.
gleamed out at him, elegant against the shining black door.
It wasn’t a box. Sherlock turned it over.
He turned away and looked straight ahead, out at the street. Sherlock said nothing, didn’t even give a shake of his head, and John didn’t say anything for the rest of the ride, either.
“Because…” he sighed, then paused. He seemed to be searching for the right words. “Because…then you would have asked me why I was bothering, when obviously a necklace isn’t going to fix anything between them. And…”
John stepped back and began weaving his way through the crowd again. He was scowling now. Just
“I’m here. I’m here with you, and I’m alright.” John’s voice grew stronger with every word, the truth of them buoying him up. “It’s over now, the danger’s passed, you can let go. Please, Sherlock, let go now.”
Sherlock cringed away from the phone involuntarily.
“No,” he said, confused.
“Yes, alright.” Sherlock nodded. The director disappeared back into the mess of crew.
“Not yet.” But he shrugged, looking disaffected. “But then, there’s always the end-of-term concert for that, isn’t there?
And John
.” John’s hand was clenched around Sherlock’s forearm, as though he was afraid Sherlock might leap up and storm off to fight the host whose show was being piped though the station’s overhead speakers. “Just try to laugh about it. It shows you’re a good sport.”
“Apparently,” he went on, softly, “it’s a lot easier than an idiot might think.”
have by asking Sherlock for what he was unwilling to give.
Before he could start to panic about what it all meant and what they were supposed to do now and
Before he could stop it, a coarse, humourless laugh had burst from John’s throat.
Come follow me on
“It was hardest on my family,” he said. And then he reached forward and, ever so slowly, slid his fingers over top of John’s where they were balled in a fist on his bare thigh.
John sighed, resigned. “Two years, seven months, three days, and, I guess,” he swallowed, painfully, “an hour and thirty minutes.”
John swam over to a couple sheets that had landed together, and pushed them toward the dock.
Sherlock tore his gaze away, and rallied.
Sherlock’s breath hitched again, his pupils dilating with unmistakable yearning. He worried the crease of his brow for only a moment before leaning in slightly, his hand moving upward to cup John’s face gently, holding him steady.
John chuckled, but couldn’t help but notice that there was a harder, less cheeky edge to her voice than normal. She must really be feeling terrible.
After a moment, far too soon for it to be a coincidence, Mrs. Hudson appeared and began bustling about in the kitchen. Her usual cheeriness filled the room and almost managed to make John let go of the apprehension clouding over his mind, though as she rummaged around (clearing away God knows what, Sherlock kept everything immaculate these days), he wondered if maybe she could help him for a different reason than what she’d been sent up for.
“You gave us
“John,” he murmured, gently. “You are so unbelievably brave, and generous, and you’re a wonderful brother –”
“What do you want, Mycroft?” Sherlock asked through his teeth, slowing down to stop at a red light.
John ran his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, soothing him, bringing him back down to earth. “Okay?”
John huffed a sharp breath into his hands, and rubbed them together quickly.
Sherlock opened his eyes to look at the real John sitting in the chair before him.
“Maybe I should move out here,” John said, his voice raised loud enough for Sherlock to hear. “Just live off my army pension and write terrible books for a living.”
know, of course he did, but she carried on before he could speak. “Just give him time. He’ll come round.”
“And you’ll stay until Christmas?” she asked.
A few chuckles followed this. Sherlock glanced towards John, whose smile was fading slightly.
“And –” Sherlock hesitated, then said, in a low rush “– for me as well.”
Sherlock still looked puzzled, but nodded, gently. John gave him a shy smile, then took a step back and moved around the corner.
“You won’t ever fail me as long as you’re here. We’ve never failed when we’re together.” He pushed his hand up to stroke though Sherlock’s curls, felt him lean into the touch. “And we never will, because we’re so much
Sherlock hardly heard what he was saying, unable to tear his eyes away from the doors’ nauseating motion, the doors that swayed tantalizingly open then slammed unforgivingly closed, the doors where a too-pale John, hooked up to tubes and machines, had disappeared from his view for maybe the last time.
John’s breath stopped in his chest.
“Of course,” Sherlock said. “What is it?”
“No, I mean–” John sucked in a quiet breath and expelled it, suddenly afraid of the answer. “How is he when he’s not around me? When I’m asleep, or when he comes down to you for help?”
“Well,” Sherlock murmured, and shrugged a fraction of an inch. “We
John felt it too, Sherlock could tell. He glanced backward at Sherlock, and looked like he was breathing a bit more heavily than normal. Sherlock certainly was.
“The steam.” Sherlock piped in. He grinned a smug little grin. “That’s the reason you wanted to go in first, to create vapour because you think I’ve got a cold. And you wanted me to eat spicy food to clear my sinuses out. I know these things, love.”
Fascinating! Sherlock is fascinated, but that feeling swims around in his brain among the pleasant heaviness of classical music like this. The most luxurious, decadent melody, in a pub in bustling, raucous central London…and for some reason, there is John Watson. Grumpy, greying, solid John Watson, who is the last person he’d expect to be sitting on an ancient piano, playing Chopin as if he had been doing it for years. Sherlock is surprised by his own miscalculations. Even after all this time, John Watson remains a mystery.
“Great! Fantastic!” Sherlock bounded from his chair, his figure moulded into the supple leather, and swished his hands through his glossy curls. John chuckled at his boyfriend’s enthusiasm and, frankly, his beauty, but questioned the logistics of his ‘plan’. After a few moments he spoke:
John feels love and warmth ensconce him from behind. Although fully clothed, in recent years, they’ve both felt closer to each other and more naked and exposed and true than they’ve ever felt. They’re in bed, but both just waking from their slumber, breathing in the taste of the new day. One of John’s pyjama-covered legs twines around one of Sherlock’s as an acknowledgement of both their presences and their fondness. The hum of the umber sun throbbing on their closed eyelids gives them a hint of the Sussex springtime weather. It’s probably fairly early, but the air is already lukewarm and the cottage has gratefully appreciated the heat.
He looked at he two men stood rather awkwardly above him. Polar opposites, he thought to himself. He found it rather laughable, in all honesty. A flamboyant, camp gay man who sort of loves himself solving crimes and living with a grumpy, short, ‘not-gay’ man. It was curious to say the least. Yet, he quite liked it.
Sherlock pitched himself forward haphazardly and cupped John’s jawline in both his long, pale hands. “Well done you.” He then placed a wet kiss on his forehead. Their faces being this close led john to detect the redness surrounding Sherlock’s nose. His hands found John’s shoulders and he gave his lover an affectionate, toothy smile.
All three men were silent. It was intolerable. Sally and Greg furtively looked at each other for mere moments. They were both utterly desperate to mention it. Sherlock and John were puzzled: the Yarder gang knew something that they didn’t. Sally gave in and slammed her brimming mug down onto the desk that Greg was slouching at, so much so that a globule of tomato-basil-crouton slosh fired out, right onto one of Lestrade’s papers of zero importance. Release was like an orgasm.
At this point, they were both cheek-achingly smiley and decidedly in love.
“Okay, come on, no time to waste.” He’s out the door before John has time to reply.
John tried to regain some of the dignity that he could have potentially lost and explained thoroughly and calmly why they were wearing rings, how they were going to return them tomorrow, and so on. Eventually, they got an apology out of Sally.
“No, we haven’t. Where were you referring to, mate? Think ‘central London’ is a bit on the general side.” Both men have had enough of one another. It’s cold and they’re both knackered.
“Well, even if you can, I’m not prepared to do that. It’s cruel!”
John is putting his foot down. “I am NOT going any further than here. I’m in a cable knit and corduroys, I’m hardly a turn-on. You can find him if you’re the clever one. Blend in, say nothing. Go.”
A few moments passed of John looking for a reply in Sherlock’s countenance and Sherlock looking at the floor in a guilty sort of way. John hadn’t noticed, he didn’t surmise; maybe he could get out of it, he thought. But this was wishful thinking.
“Bisexual, actually, in all fairness,” John interrupted. Sherlock thought it odd that John was still truculent on the subject of his sexuality. “Carry on…”
“Oh. Hello. Everything alright?” John obliviously asks. Of course he is talking about work.
“Night-night,” Sherlock affectionately answered.
John thought it erroneous to keep wearing the ring from his previous marriage once he and Sherlock voiced their feelings to one another. Since they’d  started calling it a relationship, John knew it was a completely different experience to the one he’d shared with Mary. And maybe it was because marital ties were what he thought he needed to be whole again, and they weren’t. And the constant love and desire he felt for Sherlock were much more, so, so much more. It enriched his life and made him ask himself why the fuck he’d not gotten the hell on with it sooner.
Mrs Hudson isn’t in. He’d been out all day, while John was on his day-off. It has to be tonight.
John gave in. “Okay, if you say so.”
“Um, yeah. Fine. Good. We’re just gonna…um…leave it to…G-G-“
Cooking? That word and Sherlock usually don’t connote one another. Not at this time in the morning. Truth be told, Sherlock isn’t all that domestically challenged (John remembers a beautiful oossobucco once, as well as a moussaka…), and it isn’t extremely early. He writhes around in the seemingly massive bed for a few moments, stretching his tense body free, then, donning Sherlock’s spare burgundy dressing gown that John has since inherited, decides to see what all the fuss is.
“Here we go. Don’t bring it up, will you?”
“John! Fright of my life!”
“Yes, John!” Sherlock retorted coarsely. The two were walking with some sense of urgency back to Baker Street (or, rather, John was practically jogging trying to keep up with Sherlock’s swift strides). Sherlock usually behaved in this manner when he was fired up by something like this so John didn’t mind. Then again, there was nothing he couldn’t love about the man.
“His alibi’s the size of a mosquito. Basically confessed to everything. He’ll go to court next Tuesday--won't stand a chance.”
…” This is going to be interesting. “Where were you on Monday night?
Yes, it's a day late, I know...I'll be more on-the-ball next time, real life is manic :P. The piece mentioned in this chapter is Nocturne Op. 9 No. 2, Chopin. Again, my utmost gratitude, @yaycoffee for the constant beta, advice, shoulder to cry on and support :))) Enjoy Chapter Two, loves <3
), lying next to the illuminated iPhone screen, hoping that Sherlock has managed to call the Met. John is glad about this--had John not texted Greg, it’s good to know that there’s a backup plan.
He hurried round the table and down to the bank.
quite a fright,” Sherlock amended. John raised his eyebrows. “Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, and Molly came by, and so did Mycroft. They were worried about you too,” Sherlock explained. “They’ll be back to visit in the morning, but they were all here.”
“No, no pain.” John gave a miniscule shake of the head. “Just a bit – foggy.”
A soft, nearly imperceptible rustling from the kitchen, and John raised his gun up higher. Sherlock’s focus snapped back, his vision narrowing to the barrel of his gun and the door, all his attention focused on what was going on behind it.
He gave a little nod to himself, then bent to pull the typewriter out of its case.
Please note that this chapter contains some discussion of sexual harassment (not committed by John or Sherlock).
He waited for John to speak, resisting the overwhelming need to look over at him, search his face, find out
Sherlock pulled the card aside, revealing a grey, decaying corpse.
Despite himself, Sherlock smirked back.
He grinned, maybe a big smugly, into Sherlock’s shocked face. Sherlock’s hand was still propped up on the windowsill, curled into a fist where he’d been resting his chin on it.
“Bonjour, Madame Hudson,” John said, when he opened the door to find her standing on the other side with a welcoming grin.
They kissed for a long moment, Sherlock nipping gently at John’s lips before breaking off with a quiet breath, then shifting upward and pressing his lips to John’s right temple, right next to his hairline. John had to wonder only for a moment what he was doing before sucking in a gasp, his fingers clutching at the material of Sherlock’s shirt. Sherlock moved down from the faded bonfire scars to kiss the knotted skin at John’s shoulder, as he’d done so many times before – just as John had kissed up and down the jagged lines on Sherlock’s back, the tiny dark pinprick at the centre of his chest, the faded scars of old track marks on the pale skin of his forearms. Sherlock pressed his lips softly to the old wound, so desperately tender that John had to swallow down the lump that risen suddenly in his throat, before moving down John’s body to the new one, and here his lips began to quiver, his breath coming in unsteady hitches against John’s skin. Gently, so gently, he pressed soft kisses to every inch of scar tissue, every delicate stitch, and then Sherlock wrapped his arms underneath John’s torso, holding him close, holding his lips firmly against the place where John’s life – and by extension, Sherlock’s – had been sewn back together again.
“Yes, of course,” Sherlock breathed. His long, beautiful fingers danced lightly over John’s cheek as he hovered over him, breathing him in, lashes fluttering softly as his lips brushed over John’s, the barely-there kiss sending shivers coursing down towards John’s spine.
, just like that…”
“I’d – better be getting inside,” Sherlock went on.
“Um…”
29. “And your very bad driving.”
And it wasn’t as if it mattered. Sherlock wasn’t interested. He’d told John, in one of the first conversations they’d ever had, that he was married to his work. John had never seen him with anyone else in all the two years, seven months, three days, and ninety minutes that he’d known him. He and Sherlock were friends, certainly, but Sherlock would never want anything more than that. And certainly not with John.
John grinned a bit more, tilting his head back a bit with a sigh. “I know. You should have seen me after I got shot.”
John stared at the blankets of snow as they whipped by in the dark, counting the seconds until they arrived.
They stayed that way, wrapped in each other, until Mrs. Hudson’s voice came ringing up the stairs, proclaiming that their cab had arrived. Sherlock pulled back reluctantly, but leaned his forehead in against John’s, smiling and gazing into his eyes with incomprehensible wonderment and devotion.
be addressed by her last name. It was only polite.
“…with proper care and lots of rest, we expect him to make a full recovery.”
, at least.”
Come follow me on
John swallowed him down, dragging his tongue along the underside, and that gorgeous
Sherlock blinked at him a few times, and his face sank into an impassive expression.
“It’ll be nice to get back into my own bed tonight,” John said as he stretched out his shoulder, and Sherlock’s heart couldn’t help but lift a little at the smile in his voice.
John and his colleague glanced at each other, and John gave him a friendly smile as the crew bustled into their next position.
“Yeah, I know, but…” John’s mind was whirling, trying to reconcile the spirited, unfaltering man who’d been tending to him for weeks with one who could still be reeling from what had happened to
“No,” he said, irritably.
The suits on either side of him rustled around a bit. Sherlock ran an exhausted hand through his hair. This meeting had gone on for about a week now. At least it
“Yeah?” she called back, eying John from under her lashes.
“You’d think using a fake name would mean there was
A bright, gorgeous, breathless kiss, each of them smiling too wide to delve in too deep, and it was as perfect as the gentle snowflakes that dusted their coats, warm as the soft glow of the light on the corner just beyond them. It was the all the enchantment of the evening they’d spent feeling lucky just to be near each other, of all the days and nights they’d ever spent chasing each other through the streets, laughing in each other’s arms, being completely and wholly happy the way they were always meant to be.
“I know I should be thinking about Mummy all the time, and I
“You’re coming to the Christmas party, right?” John was asking.
“How did you –?” John asked in bewilderment, dropping his own hand. Clearly he’d been standing here for the past several minutes with no luck at all.
Sherlock felt sick as he turned away from them and approached the counter. From a tired-looking boy in a green apron he ordered three regular coffees and one decaf for Mrs. Hudson. The boy brought them in a cardboard tray and Sherlock threw down too much money and moved off before he had to say anything more.
Sherlock dragged his nose up the side of John’s slowly, sweetly, and finally opened his eyes. John’s gaze was so full of feeling, of tenderness that Sherlock felt all the air leave his lungs.
Sherlock’s brow smoothed out a little bit. Some of the uncertainty had left his eyes.
“You’re not well,” he muttered.
“I don’t want a lot for Christmas, this is all I’m asking for.”
and Sherlock never wanted to look away.
Dad nodded in understanding. “Good, good.”
“John!” she yelled, pulling him exuberantly over the threshold. “Everyone, John’s here!”
Dad said nothing for a moment, just letting Sherlock sit in his thoughts. That was alright. It felt better sitting here than sitting alone in his room, anyway.
He fell forward into Sherlock’s chest, enfolding himself there without thinking. He needed to, so he did it. Sherlock’s arm folded itself around John’s shoulders in an instant. Holding him.
He was kissing him again, and this time Sherlock sank into it. The CD player fell to the ground with a crash as Sherlock raised his arms and pulled John closer by his shoulders. He parted his lips with a soft gasp that made John moan as he slipped his tongue past them, and Sherlock was falling, falling into sensation, into warmth, into the feeling of
“No,” she purred, her dark eyes widening. “I’ll just be hanging around under the mistletoe. Hoping to be kissed.”
“No one’s likely to know we’re here, but this is still a rather traditional hotel.” Sherlock’s eyes roamed over their surroundings as he spoke, making sure they were still alone. “So wait about ten minutes, maybe have a drink at the bar before you come up.”
The room erupted around them. Reporters jumped to their feet, howling with questions, the cameras flashing over and over. People pushed their microphones closer, shouting for responses, for further comments, but Sherlock had none to give. He’d said all he needed to say.
John pursed his lips to prevent his smile from splitting his face in two. He thought his heart might burst out of his chest.
“Come ‘ere.”
Dad held his hand up, and Sherlock slapped his smaller one into it, grasping it tightly.
Relief trickled through John, and he let himself sink into it. The tense moment had passed, vanished like a faint memory.
John’s smile widened slightly. The barest fraction of his despair had ebbed away slightly, even though he was sure Sherlock had just insulted both his writing and his driving.
"Right away, then." He moved to gather himself up off the floor. "Anything else? Are you hungry?"
Something shifted in Sherlock’s expression. His face settled into a subdued, crooked smile, with a knowing – no, a
“Yes, yes, of
“Yes.” Sarah’s tone was impressively disinterested.
“…in which case, I want you out of the house straight away, you motherless mongrel.”
John gasped out a chuckle, too. Some water trickled into his mouth, and he spat it out.
“Yeah.” John chuckled again, but there was a forced quality about it now. Too dark. Too hollow. “She said no one was gonna fancy a guy who was dumb as a brick wall.”
All the muscles in his torso tensed at once as Sherlock’s hand rocked with him, pace quickening, his grip tightening and twisting, smearing precome up and down John’s shaft to ease his way. John was caught between thrusting into his grip and pushing back against his fingers, which were pumping in and out of him whirlingly fast now, and he was dizzy, his entire body on fire, he barely knew where he ended and Sherlock’s hands began.
of tires on the rainy street outside.
Sherlock spun around and was across the room before John was completely through the door.
“You won’t have to find out, Sherlock. I promise you, you won’t.”
“Did Harry leave these?” Sam asked, picking up the biscuit package from the counter.
“It’s been incredible.” He was pressing himself closer now, so much that Sherlock could feel his breath across his lips. “And I really am so proud of you, you know that?”
be talking. John so desperately wanted to say
“Okay.” John nodded stiffly, his voice nearly breaking on his brief assent.
John smirked at him, feeling triumphant.
He’d been here before, once. Last year, when the dull ache of London life had finally grown too stifling and repetitive. So he’d found this place, this lovely, secluded little villa in the rolling hills just outside of Marseilles, where he’d have space to collect his thoughts.
He reached Mrs. Turner’s classroom, and found it empty.
Silence fell over the crowd.
Sherlock worked his way in just a little more, just enough to make John’s arsehole clench around him with desire. He groaned, low and guttural from deep within his chest, and Sherlock was low over him again, leaving kisses all over his shoulders and up his neck.
It took a minute for the question to register in John’s mind, and he started a little.
“Wait, Sherlock –” John stammered out, but not before Sherlock had instinctively hit the answer button.
He didn’t look up at her as she thanked him and left. He just stared straight ahead at the dance floor and at John, caught between the desire to leave right now, and wishing that this would never end.
“Prime Minister,” she said, setting it down next to him.
Two mugs of coffee in hand, Sherlock took a deep, steadying breath before turning around and walking out the door to the back tables. John was crouched over a plate of toast and beans, only the slightly mussed patch of hair at the back of his head to indicate that anything was out of the ordinary, and Sherlock crossed over and pushed one of the mugs toward him on the table.
They sat together on the sofa, Sherlock in an armchair opposite. He smiled at John, then bent over to rummage in his bag to avoid intruding on them while they exchanged their gifts. Harry seemed satisfied, and unwrapped hers with a pleased smirk.
“Oh, shut up,” he muttered to himself, cutting off his own high-pitched whining sound. He felt his face reddening again.
There was a good three feet of distance between them, but suddenly it felt as if they were closer than they’d been all day. Finally they had no responsibilities, no one watching them, no one to answer to.  It was as if a wall lying between them had suddenly come crashing down, and they were finally free.
“Love you,” he murmured, softly.
It was
He shut his eyes against the radio’s chatter. He didn’t want to hear it.
– bleed internally…”
“…then I would have had to lie to you about the favour she was doing for
Sherlock smirked a bit as he dabbed away the last of the adhesive residue left by the bandage, then tugged a dry towel off the rack. “She won’t stay long, you know her.” He carefully patted at John’s skin with it, drying off the wound. “And if she gets to be too much, I’ll put her off.”
“Can’t we go on a case?” John asked over breakfast one morning, the pleading tone embarrassingly loud in his voice as he picked at his scrambled eggs and toast.
Sherlock dropped the card and sprang to life, seizing the nearest phone.
Sherlock…”
John pulled him down for another kiss as he worked his hand over both their cocks, thrusting his own hips upward into Sherlock’s rhythm. Sherlock’s chest was pressed against his as they rocked together, his shoulders tensed with effort, the muscles of his arse clenching and unclenching. The tiny bedframe creaked softly with the movement, ringing out in the quiet.
“Even the weird ones get boyfriends, don’t they?” Sherlock’s voice was trembling with excitement.
He swallowed, brushing his hands on his trousers as he set his tray down on the coffee table.
sometimes, Christ, you
“I’m here, Sherlock, I’ve got you,
“Or two hours?” John added without thinking.
of the rising tide creeps into John’s ears as soft violin strings and a low, reverent whisper, three words, over and over and over again…
“Fine,” Sherlock said, his voice bitten off. “Twenty minutes.”
John suddenly was very aware of how close they were. Sherlock had swum towards him, making his way back to the dock, and had stopped within a foot of him, where pages were floating all around.
Sherlock stepped further into the room, circled the bed, and stopped in front of the portable music station on top of the chest of drawers. He popped the first CD out of it’s case, fed it into the slot, and hit play.
He scrolled through the rest of the example sentences in the lesson. They looked to be all about the same. He scowled a bit, but moved on through them obediently. Maybe the next section would be less seafood-based.
John giggled again – a high-pitched, almost musical sound. He gave a deep, thankful nod, then ducked out of the office, closing the door behind him.
“Greg? What –?”
Sherlock nodded swiftly. “Suitcase. In the closet.”
“You learned English?” John murmured, in the space between them.
He was in a glass-walled passage. On the other side stood a desk, and a slow-moving line of people.
Thankfully, Sherlock seemed to snap back to himself after a moment, and smiled at John as he circled the desk. He began loading his arms up with the mugs John had carelessly pushed to the side as the tea left in them grew cold.
Mia gave a low, rough laugh, and kept it going for far longer than the joke merited. Rolling his eyes, Sherlock moved toward the office door to send a text to one of his contacts in forensics.
“He’s a bit like you, isn’t he?” Sherlock murmured, blissfully.
...sort of. This is probably the story I've changed the most, since I just wasn't comfortable putting the boys in the emotional infidelity plot of the original. So I hope you like misunderstandings instead :)).
“Well, of course I mean it, Jonathan,” Sherlock said. “Do you want a preview? You old flirt.”
But then, all English girls were like that, weren’t they? English men, too. No one in this bloody country was game to chat up a stranger.
John took the hint and pushed forward, a sort of frantic aggression guiding his hands’ exploration of Sherlock’s back. They stumbled and groped their way to the center of the room, kissing and gasping and moaning quietly between each other’s lips.
Somehow, John knew that he couldn’t have been about to say anything else.
foot, come to that…”
“I have bought the usual teas and chocolates and everything,” John said, as he fiddled nervously with it. “But this is my slightly special, personal one.”
The reason, though, that John could no longer hear anything, was that Sherlock was up on the second-floor landing, laying down plates in front of two patrons.
help. But neither of you can speak Italian or Spanish, so maybe just keep it simple?”
John’s laughter broke the moment, ringing out in the quiet. Sherlock had known it would. He’d picked the photo from a cold case file, knowing it would make John laugh.
He pulled in a few staggering breaths, trying to centre himself again. He felt wild and dizzy, every nerve blazing.
He began to pace quickly back and forth in front of the sofa. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
him – to only see the strength and support and unwavering dedication, while Sherlock shrouded away the rest of himself for John’s sake. He couldn’t bear to know how much fear was walled up behind that mask, secreted away in his heart where John couldn’t touch it. He couldn’t bear to see Sherlock hold himself apart from John, unwilling to hold him too tightly or even touch him too intimately – how long had it been now? Three weeks? More than that? John wasn’t sure they’d
“Excellent,” Sherlock deadpanned. “I said all of that out loud, didn’t I?”
. It’s not uncommon for kinesthetic learners to fall behind simply because teachers aren’t aware of the disability, and therefore have no understanding of how to better adapt their teaching styles to include them. The fact that you made it to Uni itself proves you are incredibly intelligent, resourceful, and dedicated. I applaud you, truly.”
“I saw you.”
He got a snort and a mumbled sarcastic, “Clearly,” from Sherlock at that.
“You get the take away then if you’re so impatient about it,” he replies.
“Your loo is next door, right? I’ll grab a flannel and get us cleaned up. You should change the sheets.” He stood slowly and started toward the loo. “Sherlock? Did you hear me?”
John slapped his arse. "Quit squirming." He received a growl and a tiny, childish nudge.
“Win the lady a prize, sir?” He called out to them. “C’mon, strapping bloke like you, don’t let the lady down.”
Miracle of miracles, there was tea. He went about preparing, the sound of boiling water and the tinkling of Sherlock’s glass slides having an immediate effect on his heavy shoulders, as the familiarity of it soaked into his bones.
“Oi, get laid on your own time! Some of us have to shite!” A thick Scottish burr shouted over top of the stall. John snorted and Bernard laughed. Even six weeks in John knew what a faux pas it was to comment on the goings on in the loo.
“Really?” Sherlock asked, apparently nonplussed by the contact. “I’ve never been. Know any good ones?”
“All right, then. I suppose you boys are free to go. If we need anything else we’ll call you.”
After he was able to breath normally again, John rolled, stared up at the ceiling, and wondered if he’d technically won or not. He hadn’t exactly beaten Sherlock in a boxing match. The rules stated he needed to either KO Sherlock or get him to tap out. Neither had happened, so where did that leave them? He’d definitely given up.
“When you started to ask at the hospital," Sherlock finished. “I wasn't ready, I didn't know what I wanted. I liked the idea of our trying… something, but I just needed to go slower. You were a thousand times more experienced and it... It was intimidating,
Sherlock glanced up to find John staring at him, worry etched around his eyes. Pity again. He couldn’t stand it.
"No!" She recoils in horror, panic.
“What?”
John answered by simply holding his hand out.
“Right,” Greg scrubbed a hand over his head, “we’re still going to have to get statements. Just wait for me in the car while I clear this up.”
good, you big baby.”
John’s hand clenched down on the thick canvas and a pain shot straight down his leg at Sherlock’s cool announcement. Now, if Sherlock hadn’t read almost John’s entire history on his person, he might have assumed Sherlock was insinuating something tawdry. But they both knew that wasn’t the case.
The two ‘boys’ nodded and set off at a leisurely pace for the road, neither speaking in the darkness until they reached the light of the posts.
John turns to look down at Sherlock. He’s looking up, wide-eyed, like he’s never seen John before.
He leapt up, scrambling to pull himself from the floor, to reach the medicine cabinet. He pulled the mirror open so hard it hit the wall and bounced back. Snarling, he held it back until he could catalog the contents of the shelf.
“I’m going to do some research when I get back to the dorm. I think you might be up for an award of some kind,” John quipped around his fried egg.
, I couldn’t hear you over the sound of that fantastic orgasm.”
Clara nods but John can tell she's still curious. "Were you...I mean... Before? I'm sorry, it's none of my business. It's stupid, forget I said anything."
John is out and out giggling now. “Doesn’t seem your style. You’re more a ‘poison-dart-in-the-wristwatch’ kinda bloke.”
John scoffed and pulled back to look Sherlock in the eye. “I’ve been protecting you from the first, what makes you think that would ever change?”
“Speak for yourself,” he quipped and slapped Sherlock’s arse cheek with the end of his cock with a laugh.
John laughed obscenely loud at that.
“Yes, he did, but that wasn’t the point. The point is, he reacted to it. He cares.” She waited for a reaction from John, which she didn’t receive. “Jesus. He cares that I’m in the way. That he thinks I’m actively trying to steal you away. If there was nothing to take he wouldn’t have even put up a fight. Are you really not getting this?”
Sherlock kept two blocks between them as John meandered forward, and eventually reached his building. He hid behind a shrub and watched John enter. All Sherlock had to do was wait for John to come back and the night could continue as planned.
The arse simply smiled, thin lipped and condescending as always, and slid into his vehicle.
“I haven’t touched a needle since May and, with the exception of one night a few months back, I haven’t done anything at all in that time until last night. I swear. I’ll continue to stay clean, you have my word. Even the marijuana if you’d like.”
“How? Campus rule states first years have to room in the dorms.”
“Here, boys, and god help you if you stiff me on the fare,” the cabbie announced.
“After an argument is resolved, correct?”
“Yes,” Sherlock hissed when John whimpered and then grunted rapid fire, hips stuttering as he came.
“Park it in my office, I’ll be back in a second,” Greg motioned vaguely at his office and walked away.
Christ, he loved to talk too, didn’t he? John refused to be turned on by the words. He should be horrified. Well, good luck explaining it to his cock, which pressed up hard against his zip, leaking a wet spot in his pants.
“Nope,” Sherlock immediately replied, gravel-deep voice brooking no arguments.
"Me too," Sherlock mumbled to himself.
Sherlock stared back like he was still on the verge of throwing a hissy fit but eventually he sneered and snatched his coat from where he'd thrown it in his earlier haste.
John never was very good at the deep throating bit, but he tries his hand at it again just to see what happens. Turns out Sherlock will, enthusiastically, fly off the bed and clutch at John’s head like he’s never felt something so good in his life. John has to pull back a bit, lest he choke to death, but getting that reaction is too good not to slide back down again.
Thus began the
“William Guzman, twelfth form, after Rugby practice.”
he’s not afraid to let you know it. He’d be near insufferable if it weren’t for the fact that he’s actually a good tutor.”
“Perpetrated a lot of violence then?”
John grinned down at him, a look of supreme satisfaction as he whispered in Sherlock's ear. "Good luck finding your nicotine patches."
“Do I still… remember how? Of course.”
John snickered and let a small dragon’s puff of smoke out. His limbs were already feeling heavy, his thoughts just a little bit lighter. Mrs. Hudson had some premium stuff. He toed off his shoes to get properly comfortable and then made a mental reminder not to take any more of his clothes off.
Overly loud, she announced, “Don’t forget, John, Gaucho, tonight at eight. See you, love.” With an even louder, smacking kiss and a conspiratorial wink, she was off.
“I was thinking while I waited for the doctor,” John began to say.
John frowns but rolls to his side to comply, thumbing the rounds out into his palm. “I’m risking getting dust in the clip like this, you know?” John remarks dryly.
Sherlock sat along the wall and waited as John got signed in. He hated these places. It was a testament to how attached to John’s person he had become, just following him inside. He’d seen the inside of too many hospitals, and though this was a simple clinic, the smell of disinfectant and the brush of frigid air was the same. He pulled his arm off the seat rest when John came over with a clipboard of paperwork.
“This won’t heal right if you get up and walk on it before it’s time. Am I going to have to take out your other leg just to keep you off of it?”
“I don’t have a gag reflex,” he supplies helpfully, as if John hadn’t noticed.
He pulled away reluctantly, just enough to look into those dazed eyes. In the dark he couldn’t discern the exact colour and for some reason that bothered him.
“What? What are you doing, keep going,” Sherlock demanded.
John grabs his soap and makes a beeline for the loo, eyes dutifully forward until the door closes behind him. He rests against it, eyes closed to the sight of Sherlock casually strutting around in his magnificent glory. Christ, his thighs alone were going to haunt John’s dreams for the rest of his days, to say nothing for the rest of him.
“What?” He responded, a Watson Classic.
"Oh, yes. All right," he mused on the question. "I want to say on your stomach so we don't aggravate your cut more than necessary but-"
“Unn,” he groaned. Horrified, he jammed his free hand into his mouth. Had to be quick, had to hurry.
“You do?” It came out less like a question and more like a challenge.
John turned back and snapped, “No, you listen-”
There is no good reason for this chapter. To anyone who waited for it, I apologize profusely.
“Oh,” John breathed, backing up and blinking at the page. “That’s actually, that’s quite good, Sherlock! I didn’t know you could draw. What am I saying, of course you can draw.”
“What?” Sherlock demanded, suddenly terrified.
“I can work with this,” he mused, toying the opening wider with a quick scissoring motion, one he knew Sherlock liked.
“Not in a place like this.” Irene looked around with derision, absently running her fingers over his forearm, and Sherlock knew instantly she’d come here for him specifically. Now, all he had to do was get the reason out of her. No easy task; she’d make him play first. “What have you been doing for fun lately?” She went on. “More of that amatuer detecting?”
“Yep.”
“Harrow Boys Champion, four years running,” he answered, hand on his back, pipe in the air waving jovially.
“Sherlock… Let me put it this way: if I considered last night, from the time we met to this moment, our first date, I would be out right now looking for an engagement ring.” Sherlock’s eyes widened at that, his heart ticking madly, but John went on. “The part I’m surprised about is that you’re apparently feeling the same insanity that I am. We just met! I can’t just move in. Hell, you might actually still turn out to be a serial killer for all I know.”
Sherlock gave a snort to which Mycroft answered with a warning frown.
“What rumours?” He asked, trying for casual but failing by a wide margin.
,” Mycroft drawled lazily, with that slow blink that made Sherlock want to permanently remove his smug eyelids.
“Has anyone done this for you before?” John asked softly against his spine.
going to look her in the eye and tell her you’ve had a change of heart and she can sod off? After everything she’s done for you?” He scoffs in disbelief. “No, John, you want a one off. You want to get it out of the way, assuage the curiosity, and then when the guilt sets in you’ll go crawling back to her. To the safety of
“Why all the subterfuge? She’s far too clever for her own good, let’s just say that. Hey, it all worked out well in the end, right?”
made shit choices.  Hell, if anything, he's had several people quite adamantly telling him it was ludicrous, he and Sherlock not being together.  But it doesn't matter what other people think, it matters what Sherlock thinks. And he knows the score there. The whole reason for his continued denial was his continued place at Sherlock's side, in whatever capacity that Sherlock needed him. A doctor, a sounding board, a friend. But nothing more. John was okay with this, he was, he is.
“John, I’m sorry. I should have said something. You thought I was nothing but a friend and I betrayed that with my desires. I’m sorry, John, I’m sorry. I won’t touch you, I promise, just don’t leave me. Please don’t leave me.” He tugged his coat up around his ears, a futile attempt to block out the sound of his own voice.
“Oh, freezing rain,” John mimicked Sherlock’s posh accent as he tugged his coat on. “That’s better, isn’t it? All I wanted was to sit by the fire with my mellow buzz and eat a whole plate of stir-fry and some egg rolls and some Coke and maybe a packet of Wotsits…”
John laughs, he can’t help it. “Are you serious? For real, serious? Christ.”
His eyes went wide, sure they were looking at his drawings. He marched out of his room.
And so Sherlock would have to explain.
did that.
She really wasn’t as terrible as Bill had assured when he heard John was interested. A cousin who’d come to Bill’s return home party two weeks ago, they’d stroke up a conversation on John’s semi-vegetarian ways, something Bill thought was hilarious, and both ended the night with their heads together at the bar, the party long over around them. Bill had warned him off the next day, saying she was too high maintenance, too needy. But she was family; what did Bill know about her as a potential girlfriend?
“I believe you’re thinking of Pretty Boy Floyd, and no, I meant the band, you silly git. The one from the case we just solved not two hours ago.”
“What, exactly, prompted this trip down memory lane?” He grunted, since John was still roughly pawing at his arse.
"The Major," he flung his hand out to indicate outside the loo, "the Major, you know,
“You would,” John muttered, looking around the room. “I dare you to…” He spotted the violin case and exclaimed, “Play God Save the Queen and do it justice!”
He remembered the incredible moments they’d shared just the day before. Stories of Mycroft’s earlier rotund days had nearly rolled John out of his chair.  The correctly predicted teasing over Cluedo had been especially memorable.
Sherlock reached out for the bag, apparently convinced of John’s sincerity, and then leaned over to pull a pack of rolling papers from his pocket. He occasionally glanced up as he filled the folded paper, his dexterous fingers easily pulling the buds apart. John watched the process with a fond smile, as memories of times gone by resurfaced. He would have been sixteen? seventeen maybe? His mate Paul had a cousin who sold pot and they’d gotten high in his uncle’s garage countless times. But then Paul and his family had moved to Bristol and there went John’s supply. He’d been with a string of girls in the preceding years who frowned upon such activities so John hadn’t smoked since.
“No, can’t say I did.”
John glanced over at that. “Brilliant, yeah. Marvelous, Sherlock, really. I
Offended, John glanced down at his attire. A warm looking cardigan in solid crimson buttoned over a checkered blue and white button-up shirt. His dark blue jeans hugged his thighs just so, enough to water Sherlock’s mouth uncontrollably. Same sensible brown loafers as always.
Well, that was a nice way of putting it. Diplomatic at the very least.
John squinted as Sherlock donned his coat and scarf. “You can’t seriously think to bring that with us.”
