No, instead, it’s a dream about how one night when Tony was sitting on the couch, watching some stupid TV show, Steve had saw him on the couch and hadn’t been able to contain himself, had felt the overwhelming affection overflow, and had slid up behind Tony, snaking his arms around Tony’s shoulders, and let himself kiss the top of Tony’s head, hard and long. Tony had turned. He was impossibly close, big brown eyes large and slightly confused, before his face had transformed with a smile, and he leaned forward, capturing Steve’s lips – and it escalated, kiss pushing and pulling, faster and slower, and they had transported to the bedroom with it being a dream, and they had slid together, muttering words about
century, it’s about you not being able to come back from World War II. You want to be pointed in a direction, told to go and punch something, come back, and do it again. You don’t want to think for yourself, come up with a mundane life for yourself. You just want it black and white, this is wrong, this is right, and here’s the way to make what’s wrong into right. But the world isn’t divided like that anymore and you don’t get the luxury of being a mindless soldier. You have to come up with a way to fill your days that doesn’t have anything to do with heroism, like normal people. You need to wake up to reality, Cap because I don’t think you actually ever did.”
Steve gets off his chair and kneels beside Tony, carefully pulling his hands away from his eyes. To his astonishment, they are noticeably wet.
Pepper’s standing in the middle of the kitchen, hand on her hip, face pinched, and Steve suddenly feels that familiar trickle of guilt.
He was pretty proud of himself for remembering that Howard was in that in the first place, and feels a stab of
“And then, before I can blink, there’s no one left standing, and half of them look unconscious, and half are groaning, and one’s
It’s Steve who drops the gaze first, turning his head to look around the empty rec room. He breathes out, slow but heavy, and Tony can hear the exhaustion. “Well,” Steve starts. He raps his fingers up against the chair he’s sitting on, unrhythmic and nervous. “I suppose this is probably not an appropriate conversation to be having with a subordinate.” He smiles wanly. “Back way when, we were all close in arms, brothers. It wasn’t controlled like Starfleet. I guess I got to get used to how Starfleet runs things.”
Tony looks away from where his toes are curled in the fuchsia sand, from the deep-green ocean waves that are currently heating his feet. “And why would you say that?” Tony teases. “Me spending 48 straight hours in an engineering lab indicates that I would enjoy a three-day, assignment-less, profiling examination of a pleasure planet?”
“Good thing I know these halls – otherwise I would have been still searching for you during the blast.”
“Jump, Steve.” Steve hesitates, looking at it with more trepidation than a gallon of water deserves. “C’mon, Steve. When are you going to get the chance to jump into a rain puddle again? It’s not very Captain-like. But I won’t tell.”
Tony had thought nothing of it, assuming it was some paperwork to fill out regarding his quote unquote ‘death’. If only Steve had waited one more day to fill out the mission report, it would have saved them both hours of forms.
Instead of answering, Tony kneels down in the sand. He takes the little pieces of metal that he was forming in his fingers on the way back, and continues to bend and shape. Within a few moments, he has a shapeable prosthetic leg.
Steve asks him to come upstairs, and he does, immediately dropping the work, and settles on the couch next to him, where they begin a game of Call of Duty that Tony is definitely going to lose.
“This is stupid,” Tony snaps, effectively cutting off whatever Steve was about to say. Steve is actually a bit relieved. “I’m talking nonsense. JARVIS, turn the TV on. I don’t care what station.”
“You seem to be doing better,” Tony says one morning as he’s making toast. He really should make a toaster where you can see how toasty your toast is getting while it is being toasted. Like glass. Or a projected image? Or maybe a video feed to the front of the toaster.
“If I talked with Vanko – which I did not – I would assume he wouldn’t care about a shorter sentence. He probably would just need the guarantee that Stark here would be dead.”
But Steve – Steve’s just a person who chose to be around Tony, and keeps choosing to be around Tony, and who, if given the choice, Tony would choose right back.
“But now that you’re fully awake—” Tony turns, and Bruce has appeared behind his chair, a medical tricorder and a hypo in hand. “I feel comfortable giving you a hypo for the pain.”
“Oh, that’s too bad, I don’t get to introduce you to the wonder that is the versatile potato. But no matter, there’s a lot more to try now, a lot better things to try. I ordered in from all my favorite places. It’s great that every place delivers in New York, you know? What a city. A delivered blowie or a bagel in under a half hour if you know who to call. Anyway. Point being, the food is better. You got to try everything.”
The antidote to the fungus is fairly easy to create, and Tony has transported back down to the planet within a few hours. He’s addressed the grand council about the classification, given them the formula and quadruple the amount of antidote needed to control the plague, and instructed the entire Flualli farming and science division on proper dispersal methods.
“The point is you could be punching a punching bag back in 1940, so how about you do something that’s maybe, I don’t know, new?” Tony says, like Steve’s an idiot.
“Why are they attacking at the roof?” Tony asks. He spins, a beam of light going straight through another. “What is their aim? Why not target the workshop?”
” Steve asks. His arms are now awkwardly crossed in front of his chest, holding his elbows, but Tony is falling back into his own head, pictures of the past months flying through his head, just now with a new filter.
He picks up one up and studies it. Purple, hard but still textured like a fruit. He had meant to look it up and see its chemical properties after leaving the planet, but had forgotten.
He could be talking about Tony’s mannerisms, his brown hair, his curved eyebrows, his tone of voice, his way of speech, his jokes, his movement, his flippancy – any number of things that Tony carefully cultivated over years, but in the end, the answer is the same. “Good.”
The one glass turns into two, then into a whiskey, then into a rum, then into some mix that Steve spits most of onto the floor, then a margarita, then something else that he’s sure Tony is making up the name of, then Steve can no longer sit up totally straight on his own.
It’s also edited, but not in the places Steve expects. All of his youthful exploits seem to have been kept in, as well as a long and truly painful collection of the misuse of weapons Tony designed, due to Tony’s negligence. Truly, JARVIS paints a pretty unflattering picture. So much so that Steve, one day, asks incredulously and completely without thinking he’d get a response, “Does he use his money for
Coulson raises an eyebrow at him. “I figured you’d know. Where else would we look for Captain America?”
“Is everything a joke to you?” Steve asks. He sounds tired, he sounds exasperated, and Tony feels his frustration rack up another four points.
Tony says it in a tone that is somehow both cocky and yearning for approval. Steve’s starting to realize Tony doesn’t really have a neutral tone. Everything, every sentence, no matter how mundane, is intensified to an emotional level Steve only hits when well and truly on his way to an episode.
"Apparently they've been wanting an agent to secretly tail you for ages. Write a report of you - what you're really like, personality traits, how you respond to stress, how you work with others. Other stuff."
Steve can feel himself getting angry, it bubbling up from some deep trench inside himself, and it’s making him want to vibrate out of his skin, and it’s enough that he turns to look at Tony.
“Fury was going to stop by, but as you’re not really causing trouble for once, he delegated the honor to me,” Coulson says.
“Give it another half hour or so,” Tony responds. He’s resting his chin on his hand. His eyes are starting to look glazed.
Tony’s spins around in his chair to face his computer – and fuck, his knee hit his desk, who decided he needed steel tables in a workshop anyway – and looks at the screen, where a cursor is blinking at him.
He’s going to leave her every single one of his villas. And then he’s going to sell some more of his shit, buy more villas, and leave her more of them.
Steve glances around in wonder, mouth slightly open. It smells of rain and grass, of wet, dark soil. The breeze is warm and slight, just enough to make the hair on Steve’s forehead gently sway. A crack of thunder, and their heads both snap up to the sky. It’s grey and dark, full and bleak, and the cold rain begins to fall.
“You don’t know?” Steve repeats. A pulse of irritation filters through the bond. Tony breathes through an unsurprised sigh. “That plague killed thousands of innocent Earthlings. Children. Half a population almost starved to death, and the other half were slaughtered. They weren’t at war. And you knowingly sold a weapon to someone with that purpose?” His grip on the PADD is becoming increasingly tight. “There’s apolitical, and then there’s amoral.”
“I want to pitch it to Starfleet,” he confesses. “As something to add to the ships, as a de-stresser for officers. If they’re feeling homesick, or whatever, they can come and simulate their home planet. I need to program more planets, and there’s some bugs when it comes to the AIs for other people, and I’ve yet to really figure out—”
“Do you want me to take the lead? I can assure you I know how to. I can call up like, a third of the popular supermodels in the 1990s to attest to it.”
He can see the surprise on her face, just for a moment, and then it’s gone. “Steve,” she says, a strange note in her voice. “She was.”
Steve considers the question, really considers it. “I don’t know,” he answers honestly. “I don’t really know anything about myself anymore.”
Since coming back, he’s been trying to follow to paths that have him heading in two opposite directions at once.
happen – and he pokes him on the shoulder with one of his fingers, and says, “Go on, I want to know what happened,” and
“I could set some for you,” Tony proposes, and Steve laughs. “Hey, I’m serious, I’m great at setting fires, on purpose and on accident, just ask DUM-E or U or most of the Middle East, it’s my—”
“Made a mess of what?” Tony doesn’t answer. “Look, Tony, I want to help, but I’m not following anything you’re saying.”
“I had a fascination with alien animals when I was a child,” Tony answers. He remembers his father buying him a sehlat in a vain attempt to squash his incessant rambling about different culture’s pets.
The team finds out, of course, and they’re – quietly supportive, Steve decides. He gets a couple pats on the back, a knocked shoulder from Clint, a spirited “I am happy for you” from Thor, and even a nod from Fury.
“We were hoping you may have some ideas about how to disarm one. The situation is delicate. It must not be allowed to blow. Not only will it destroy most of Levonos II, it will disrupt the gravitational pull in the system, changing the orbits around the sun, and thus killing all life in the system. Levonos is concerned that any movement – such as with a tractor beam – will set it off immediately.”
“We can’t establish a lock on his position with the interference, but I assume we could beam people down.”
It wasn’t Tony’s fault either, and it was his father’s fault, not that it seemed to matter to anyone.
“It seems a piece of ancient Earth space debris has been caught in Levonos’s system for quite some time. In an attempt to board the remains, it seems they have accidentally trigged the weaponry on the old ship to activate.”
“The weapon the Klingon’s purchased fifteen years ago. The biological weapon.” An infinite, infinitesimal pause. “The one that decimated Tarsus IV.”
She nods, sharp and quick, like she always is. “Lieutenant Commander Clint Barton took over my job as chief security officer,” she says, gesturing towards Barton who is standing in the corner, sleeves ripped off his uniform. Tony wonders if it’s only for the aesthetics, or if there’s an actual reason.
Tony made do, contacting Starfleet. His death hadn't been recorded yet - unsurprising, given it had just supposedly happened moments ago and subspace communication is anything but perfectly reliable or instantaneous - and so starting his conversation with the communications ensign on-base with, "Hey, I'm not dead," hadn't been the most intelligent move in his lifetime. After a frankly astonishingly thorough check, including a DNA sample, his identity was verified, and he was allowed to contact the Avenger.
“How do you know all that?” Steve asks in wonder. The tortonia keeps walking on. “You’re an engineer.”
He can roll with the not-expected punches, Iron Man has proven that, so he settles back into the couch and resolves to follow Steve’s thought-bunny down the rabbit hole. Whatever it is, it’s clearly bothering him.
To Tony’s slight disappointment, Steve reaches over and taps the PADD on the table in front of him, and the song that was just beginning – more piano than brass this time – abruptly stops.
But one night when they’ve finished the movie (The Godfather, which Steve grew bored of in the first twenty minutes), Tony pats Roomba on the head, then stands to go to bed, and promptly falls over.
“I would assume it was deliberate. I am not sure yet what is causing it, so I am not sure if I can get it back.”
Part of it is something left over from Afghanistan. He’d probably need a professional to properly say, but ever since coming back and having his world view shifted like spinning a head 180 degrees, he just hasn’t had a major interest in being a public figurehead anymore. He likes building tech, he likes designing, he even likes blowing up weapons of destruction in terrorist cells. He does not, however, particularly like landing the Iron Man armor in the middle of a giant party and having people paw at it while he sips on a mojito. One day, he probably would have. And it’s easier to pretend that he still does. But, honestly, it’s a relief to count those days behind him. It’s like taking off a mask that’s been on your face for forty years – he can finally breathe.
To let himself feel, to fall head first into the Vulcan soulbond, to let himself have what he’s craved, it would become everything. If it went away, if it walked away, if it died. It would be too much. It could break too much.
Tony steps back, but doesn’t let go of Steve’s hand. “It’ll be worse when I go. You realize that, right? On both of us. It’ll be harder on both of us.”
Steve asks to go to bed very early, only an hour or so after Tony introduces him to JARVIS, who Steve takes in stride very well, in Tony’s opinion. He’s had one-night stands from
That night, Tony finds out Steve was an artist. That night, Tony also finds out that pairing an artist with an engineer and enough legos to fill the entire living room and unlimited time means ending up with a wall-sized Mona Lisa whose arms are actually functional with a rudimentary joint system that means she can pick up and pour cups of coffee with moderate success.
Tony’s mind dances to his workbench – a prototype of dinnerware that will disintegrate in open space, half-written/half-thought plans for the holographic simulator, one of his robot’s broken arms, a smaller communicator for the HUD, a sheet full of scribbles that represents an attempt at a formula to cure the Horatian flu.
“I don’t know,” Tony responds, incredulous. “I am perhaps the least qualified person in the world to answer that question.”
Tony’s going to hit the roof, going fast and going hard, and he’s definitely going to break something – maybe his neck, even.
An hour, two whiteboards, seven equations, four google searches, and a spilled coffee later, they’ve determined that you cannot, in fact, die by being hit by a flower or a penny at terminal velocity unless you’re very unlucky, and Tony has officially forgotten what Steve came in here about in the first place.
Tony frowns and steps away from the stove, picks up the mug, and takes a sip. To Steve’s horror, he swallows.
He thinks about the nuclear warhead, sent by humans long ago, too stupid to understand that their actions may have consequences far beyond what they would live to see.
He abruptly cuts himself off. Curiosity is one of Tony’s only inherent traits that had been cultivated, encouraged.
Coulson looks a little pained, and opens his mouth to reply, but he’s interrupted by some young, male agent who says, “Mr. Coulson” with a British accent, and Tony’s momentarily too distracted by why the British care about finding Captain
Steve’s hesitant for about three seconds, but then seems to deflate, and pulls Tony in against his chest, and Tony reaches his arms around Steve’s neck, being careful not to place his trembling hands on Steve’s neck.
Steve’s been intently staring at Tony, but jumps near a full foot in the air when the room starts to change and take shape. It’s not perfect yet, not by any means, but it’s still hyper-realistic, and to an untrained eye, probably near flawless.
(Even then, he understood that those who swing the sword, order the sword, and supply the sword are all equally guilty.)
Much as he tries to ignore it, to forget it, his genetics allow him comparatively little sleep, combined with comparatively large multi-tasking abilities.
Tony doesn’t know if it just the hyper-fixation he has on him, but Steve's just – he's interesting to try to figure out. That's always been a problem for Tony - computers have a right answer, people don't. But here's the thing - people
“Sure,” Tony agrees easily. He pushes himself off the wall and toes open the briefcase. With a button, the armor is assembling, and he can see Steve’s wide eyes through the assembly. Once it’s together, he says, “I could show you a calendar, but somehow, I think this might be a little more convincing.”
Tony is, bar none and with no competition, the most important person in his life. He thinks it’s probably fair that he wants, possibly desperately, to be important to Tony too - but he’s never going to be if he doesn’t force himself in, it seems. Stick his foot in the door and not leave until his foot is chopped off by it slamming shut or Tony opens it wider.
Tony can’t hear it, the music drowning it out, but he can see it. Steve shakes with it, his head pitching forward, his smile wide and eyes filled with mirth, and—
Steve pads over silently and takes the seat next to Tony. After a moment, Tony can feel Steve’s arm settle around his shoulders, quietly pulling him so he’s tucked underneath Steve’s shoulder.
It doesn’t happen all that often. It happened more when he was a kid and stupid, but there’s always one, inevitable result – the person gets tired of him.
Tony just shot him a despairing look, said, “He’s still popular now, dipshit,” and Steve had been so inanely frustrated with himself for being rude, for not having known that, for more nonsense, that he had just stalked out, throwing the drawing at Tony as he passed.
“I wanted to make you one, but didn’t know for sure what you like, nor for sure how to cook one. So I tried.”
It’s 3AM, and Tony’s sitting alone at the kitchen table, a mug of cold coffee held in-between his hands.
to feel. He’s received more than one backhand to the face due to his inability to shut down excitement at a project, or grabbing a classmate’s shoulder in friendship, or gritting his teeth in frustration.
Tony fights the urge to squirm. His red and gold uniform feels scratchy today, and he finds himself pulling at the collar, letting the debrief wash over him.
Steve’s been carefully staring at all the interior parts to the car. It didn’t occur to Tony initially, but of course back then they only had roll down windows. Christ,
Tony laughs, and starts spinning again, closing his eyes, and just feeling the cold rain on his skin, the warm breeze through his fingers, the clean air that smells of dirt and grass.
He watches, helpless, as the armor drops. There’s no response, though Steve’s sure he wouldn’t be able to hear one anyway.
century Earth computer, or when he had cried as a child when he was bullied into a broken arm. “If you have sense, you will perform kolinahr and purge yourself. You must take your father’s place, and it is not the business’s fault that you have human blood.”
“Yes. Their race is far superior to humans in scientific knowledge – just don’t ask him to explain what he knows. He is currently in the middle of a time sensitive project.”
He glances over to the Ferrari, considers finishing the water-based engine, and quickly dismisses the idea with a tired sigh.
Clint at the helm, Natasha in the corner, Bruce by his side, an ensign security officer, Peter the intern who is bouncing on his toes, and there, in the back, right corner, the Captain.
“You are 21 years of age. You are Vulcan. Most Vulcans are completely independent and well into their chosen fields by this time.”
“Hey JARVIS,” Tony says, fingers tapping on the countertop. “I know what we’re doing tonight. Find someone somewhere willing to give me a couple million of them and deliver, pronto.”
Tony waits until the final piece of the armor has snapped into place, before catching Steve’s flailing hand.
“Tony,” he interrupts. He wasn’t even sure what Tony was going on about, something about skipping the sixties since it was no longer relevant and didn’t want to introduce some words to Steve’s vocabulary. “Do you have a gym?”
Tony’s next to him, shooting and blasting, and mechanized parts keep raining down over him. He’s getting scraped and bruised and he hasn’t felt this type of focused adrenaline since shooting at someone with a swastika armband.
He could feel the blocked bond pulsating all the while. He refused to tap into it, refused to acknowledge it, refused to see what chord his supposed-death had struck (perhaps, too afraid to think it had been nothing), but one evening as he was watching the sun set, so large it took up nearly half the sky, he could feel the shift.
to get to where I am, and then you come along and suddenly – what, I’m bumped off Time’s list of best tech conglomerates in the world, just like that?”
“Hey, comms are off – screw protocol, Steve was the one to break the mind-control device on Grenu, I owe him my life. What’s your idea?”
“You certainly are selective about what you want to tell me, aren’t you, Mr. Coulson?” Steve says lightly, and Tony can feel something buoyant in his heart. That’s a dangerous tone. “I never really did like people who manipulate people on selective information. Whatever flaws Mr. Stark has, dishonesty doesn’t seem to be one.”
“Holyyyyy shit,” Tony’s voice rings out, loud and modulated. He’s in the armor, flying a few feet above the rooftop, and Steve spends a second being stunned to see it finally in action – God, it’s beautiful, it looks like something off a movie screen – before he takes notice of the dozens upon dozens of poorly reconstructed iron man suit drones surrounding the tower, shooting beams of blue light through the windows.
Steve blinks a few times, then looks around, like the answer to that is on the walls instead of inside his confused big ol’ head.
“Really,” Tony confirms. He can feel Steve’s forehead press against his neck, and he raises a hand to cradle Steve’s, starting to play with the small hairs there. “Who else?”
Tony had always been a bit untouchable, in his mind. He’d never say it, especially because he thinks Tony would be offended by the association, but he’s always sort of associated Tony with the Vatican. Beautiful, impressive, integral to how he lives his life – but not something he’ll ever see from the inside, or how it functions.
“Yeah, probably.” Tony sends a look of longing to the machine. “It was such a masterpiece of invention, though.”
“And we can send him directly to med-bay,” Tony finishes, ignoring the interruption. “It should save his life.”
“Yeah.” A thought goes across his mind. “I’ll never be able to discuss any current media with anyone. They won’t follow.”
“Tony—” And that tone is gearing towards an apology, which he has no interest in hearing, so Tony spins and leaves the room.
It doesn’t help that Tony is a public figure who is constantly harassed and – thanks to Iron Man – apparently often in mortal danger.
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve says, meaning it hard. “This is high-key the best thing anyone has ever done for me.”
though.” Tony’s getting sick of Coulson’s looks. “What? Like anyone could decode that stupid-ass acronym? You like being mysterious so no one looks into your shit.”
On an unconsidered whim, Tony reaches forward and grasps Steve’s hand. When he takes it in his own, he can hear Steve’s soft intake of breath. He holds it loosely, but it’s clearly purposeful, and he gives a light squeeze.
It does come loose, in the end. He needs both hands to carry him, which means needing some creativity to also carry the shield. He balances it against the Captain’s torso, though it’s slippery with the ice, and he silently apologies for treat him like a desk.
He doesn’t want to be that self-pitying bastard that asks Steve why he cares about him, though he kind of wants to, just so he can stop doing whatever it is he’s doing right so Steve won’t get hurt at the end – but he’s also more of a selfish bastard than he likes to admit, and there’s a part of him, a real deep, important part of him, that enjoys having a friend.
“I was copying information from your personnel record. I came across something I’d like to ask you about.”
“Please, Tony,” Steve had asked, seemingly ignoring the fact that he could have simply ordered it. “It would make me feel more secure.”
Steve can probably feel the wave of anxiousness leave Tony. Probably misinterprets it. Tony lets him.
He wonders if this means Tony’s just a highly emotional guy, or if it means he shouldn’t take anything he says seriously.
Upon learning this, Tony had offered to build Bruce’s room from scratch with his own specs for free, so long as he was allowed to live alone in his own personal space in the engine rooms.
He gets a little intense about people he loves, he knows that, and this isn’t the first time that’s manifested around Tony.
Tony understands why – he was born on Vulcan, an arid, hot planet to any Class M creature, and he can feel himself starting to sweat already. Bruce had forced him to take a hypo before beaming down – he’s glad for it now, as his breathing remains steady.
It’s just the little things that have him grinding his teeth. The filler he is expected to know, that no one would even think to tell him, like the lights turn off automatically, or when to tap once or twice or swipe left or right or how to long to hold down your fingers when using a touch screen, or that cigarettes are apparently bad for you, or that it makes people wince when you call cigarettes fags.
Steve just raises his eyebrows and hands over a folder, which Tony takes with as much disrespect as he can muster, because he still hasn’t talked to this therapist about that ‘pretending not to care’ thing, and opens it.
In the next two weeks, Steve does three things as purposefully and consistently as he can: read or listen to anything and everything he can, work out until even he is starting to lag, and avoid Tony.
“Yes!” Steve says, his hands going up in exasperation. “Yes. Yes, that should be obvious at this point.”
“Oh, I don’t know, JARVIS,” he says. He clenches his hand into a fist, and it doesn’t shake anymore. “Just call it ‘The Inevitable.’”
Steve really doesn’t feel much like eating, but Tony went to the trouble of buying it, and he’s staring at him slightly manically, and Steve’s feeling uncomfortable and tired but he’s got to
Tony isolates himself in the engine room. It’s not difficult to do; the engines are wide and expansive, the room even more so, and there’s always something to tinker with, something to improve, and something to hide behind.
“Self-reliance is fine when you’re alone, you know that, Steve? As long as you’re isolated, you don’t know what you’re missing. But once someone is around, boom,” he mimes a boom with his hands. “Suddenly you just want to tell everybody everything. Even though it doesn’t make a damn bit of difference.” He turns his head, staring at Steve straight on, and Steve feels utterly helpless.
“Probably because I had HR write the job ad. Would have been far more accurate if I had a whack at it.”
Tony wonders who said that. He has been anything but since joining the ship, so it was most likely someone speaking from assumptions based on his media-heavy life before, instead of someone who knows him well now. Or there could be someone on the ship he knew from before. Or someone trying to sabotage his new relationship with the Captain.
“Glad the trauma is starting to fade,” Tony says, like a jackass, and he silently winces at himself.
As Steve expected, they find a window to the basement around the next wall. Steve pulls the metal bars out to Tony’s silence, and kicks the glass through, shattering it, and they both fold their way down into the building.
(minus Steve), and if he is really dedicating himself to this loner thing then he really shouldn’t have a schedule to keep, so he just shakes his head, and says, “No, thank you, I’ve decided to become a hermit for the next year or so. Salinger, like. Or John Hughes. Probably more John Hughes, as there’s less books and more weird shit lying around. I just assume John Hughes had a lot of shit, the whole hermit thing makes it hard to tell.”
It’s been about an hour, and Steve’s drop kicked a guy down the stairs, punched through about fifteen bots, survived a four story fall, shrugged off a bot to the face, flipped his motorcycle straight into a helicopter (he’s going to have to apologize – it’s the second he’s gone through in as many months), as well as almost snapped someone’s neck with an uncalculatedly strong punch.
“The nothing,” Tony interrupts. “Parker, we’ll talk later. I’ll meet you in the bay in a bit, okay?”
“She actually could have been quite a bit more pissed. I’m relieved. Wouldn’t want you to get the right impression about what she thinks of me, or anything.”
!” She says, almost a yell, but slightly more dignified. The folder she was holding slams down on the countertop, her hand going up to pinch the bridge of her nose once again. Steve watches her take a stabilizing breath.
An alien – a Flualli, most likely – stands nearby to greet him. “Commander Stark,” they say, and then let out a loud squawk, along with raising and lowering their right foot. They have green-tinted skin, four arms, and are covered head-to-feet in a large tunic that looks like its sole purpose is to block the sun’s rays.
“God, Steve,” Tony says, turning back to the table. “People treat this place as a train station. Her, Coulson, Rhodey, Pepper. It’s ridiculous.”
“Okay,” he agrees, voice muffled by his arms. The situation probably calls for some type of sarcastic comment, like asking if it’s still a truce if he’s a ghost from beyond the grave, but he just can’t summon the energy.
His eyes are starting to water, so he just reaches a hand up to them, presses down hard, and lets himself take comfort in Steve’s quiet presence, ignoring the swirling of his stomach.
“Well,” Tony says. He makes a hand motion, and the screen goes off. “Enough about me. You can find more out about me on the Internet, if you want. Believe about 33% of it. That’s a good rule of thumb for the whole Internet, actually. Wait, has anyone shown you the Internet, yet?”
“Calm yourself, Cap,” Tony dismisses with a hand. He in no way meant to embarrass him. “It’s great. I do love the stars, but there is nothing quite like a planet to rest your head on.”
“Truce? ’Till when?” Tony questions, aiming for sardonic and probably landing somewhere between exhausted and defeated. “Till I’m six-feet-under?”
“Oh,” Pepper says, with far less uneasiness than Tony’s currently feeling. “Well, when he comes back, then.”
All of a sudden, exhaustion weighs in. He lays his head on the table, cradling it in between his arms. “When do my cells—” the proper word is alluding him, up in the ether of his mind that his drunkenness is currently clouding. Whatever, it’s too many syllables. “Come back?”
Steve noticeably swallows. “I guess I missed my date,” he says, trying for levity and missing it by a mile. “So everyone I know – they’re dead?”
“Not the public, don’t be dense, J, it doesn’t suit you. Why I didn’t tell Pepper in the first place. Or Rhodey.”
Tony sags, his chin dropping to his chest. “Please,” Tony says, almost at a beg. “Don’t have said that for me. Don’t stay for me.”
“No, it’s fine.” Steve looks as if he’s reaching for the right words. He clears his throat softly. “I just read that Vulcans have an aversion to touch, but you…” He trails off. “I just want to do right by you, that’s all,” he finishes, awkwardly.
Steve does a final look, then glances over at Tony. He gives him a small smile. “Looks similar, actually. At least from a distance.” He points at a black Chevy SUV parked in the lot, which Tony is fairly certain is for Coulson. “Cars look different.”
“Why me?” Tony asks, confused. “Was it to brighten up my room? I can get fake ones for that if this place is too dull.”
need to work them out for two hours every goddamn morning – when Coulson knocks on the door of his workshop.
“What if it was the lives of a hundred orphans, huh? What then, Steve? That a good enough reason to spill my secrets?”
“Why’s that?” He’s so bad at being tender, but he places a hand on Tony’s shoulder, and is relieved when it isn’t shaken off. “I’ll leave if you need me to. But I’d rather know.”
how is that short sighted? No one else in the world has the balls to just do what has to be done for the best of everyone. I worked my entire
Steve kicks at something that looks important, and the left side of the machine caves in with a crash.
“No, it’s just—” Steve looks pensive. “Galaxy famous playboy. You have all the riches you could ever need. Fame. Scientific prodigy. Engineering legend. And here you are—” He gestures at the creature. “Sweating the small stuff.”
“Plus, his first introduction to the future and SHIELD is going to be you lying to him. He’s gonna love that. Be real willing to work with you afterwards.”
“You’re not special, Stark!” Hammer yells, pointing at him a little wildly with his good hand. “Give me a month more, and I would be able to upstage you, you narcissistic, gaudy, irredeemable—”
Oh, fantastic, the exact thing he had said about fifteen times that he wasn’t sure he wanted to be. Great, Tony’s doing a wonderful job at helping a national icon live his life. “What happened to ‘no longer a government or military lackey?”
“I have always been terrible at making people feel the right things. My mom used to say that being smart comes at a price, and a lot of smart people are bad at people - but it’s not fair. I’m good enough for the public, and the press. But whenever it comes to something I care about, something that takes more than just smarm - I just inevitably fuck it up.”
Tony takes a moment to breathe through it, to savor the moment before he says it, before it becomes reality, before he says what he guessed after reading over the 21
He thinks about how he, one solitary creature in a universe too big to count or fathom, has some control over who lives and who dies.
“Hi,” she says, and her voice has just that perfect lilt of huskiness that Tony would ordinarily find himself leaning into if Steve wasn’t standing literally about a foot behind him. “Ms. Potts sent me to interview with you to be your new personal assistant. My name’s Natalie Rushman.”
And then age 38 rolled around. The year he accepted that he was going to die and probably deserved to die, but was going to keep walking, even with a broken chest, even with a self-loathing he hadn’t felt for decades, fixing what he could until he was brought down.
“I’m in the book,” Steve clarifies. Tony’s hand stills and he looks up, raising an eyebrow at Steve. “I am! I was Captain America.”
“I had to catch you, Tony,” Steve says. He tries to sit up. Tony immediately moves forward, hand on his back, trying to guide him. His arms hurt, ouch. “You would have hit the ground otherwise.”
Steve takes a step closer. They’re chest to chest. “You can sink or swim, right? I am not letting you give up.”
“You know what, J?” he says, finally. “Open new project, private server. Call it ‘Second Life.’ Start downloading 21
“I wanted to prove to the world that Iron Man is not invincible,” Vanko says. “You wouldn’t come out in public, though, so I had to come to you. I was looking for you but found—” His hand twitches, probably trying to point to Steve. “Killing you would be great - but what better way to show your vulnerability than to show you can’t protect those you love?”
They’ve all already decided that it won’t be announced to the public, at least not now. He briefly considers taking him back to Malibu, but he promised to show him New York, and there’s something that kind of makes him twitch about that house now. Some may say it’s PTSD from being nearly murdered by his father figure and business partner and then indirectly causing the death of the same guy, but Tony thinks it’s more likely that it’s the new paint job. Pepper has terrible taste in wall colors.
She hangs up on him, and wow, Tony was out-maneuvered by someone more than 2000 miles away. Impressive, Miss Potts.
“You’re most likely wondering why,” Captain Rogers says, which makes Tony bark an unexpected laugh. Rogers looks pleased.
“Are you more human or Vulcan?” Sterok had said. The knife glinted in the double sun. “Let’s see if you bleed red.”
Steve grabs his shoulder, and the bond sings for completion. “If it’s a possibility, I just have to – is it me?”
Steve swallows, blinks several times, and turns his wide, somehow worried eyes on Tony. “Tony, are you sure? This—”
Even in his more mellow moments, Tony has thought it ironic that Vulcans disparage the human race for their emotionalism, when Vulcans are far worse – the control is necessary, because when they snap – from fear, from anger, from grief – they can and will level cities.
She smiles at him and then nods, her long, red her flowing over her shoulders as she leans in to kiss him on the cheek.
“Why?” Tony asks, tipping towards befuddled. Steve gets up in arms about the strangest things. “The trash is in the room, they’d still make my eyes water from there. I might as well just put them in a vase, then.”
Steve pulls back a fraction, just enough to catch Tony’s eyes, and he must be seeing something he’s feeling there – the hope, the disbelief, the affection – because he lets his head fall to Tony’s shoulder, and takes a step in closer, into the vee of Tony’s legs. His arms reach around Tony’s middle, like he’s small, and he holds on tight.
He thinks of the Vulcan genes that have allowed him to skip sleep, skip meals, and invent life-saving devices.
Either Steve hit his head hard this morning in practice – which actually might explain a couple things, actually – or they’re having two separate conversations.
“Oh, sorry, you know quiet and I mix about as well as motor oil and water.” A second, then, “See what I did there? Motor oil, instead of oil, since I’m an—”
Steve already knows Tony’s personality about as well as he could, but he never really noticed anything about his appearance before. He’s a guy, brown hair, brown eyes. Kind of short. On and off with the glasses. Once, when passing him the remote, Steve noticed a lot of callouses on his fingers.
kids all day, Jesus Christ – when he gets the idea to get his tailor up there and make Steve a decent set of modern clothes.
“Look,” Tony says, and leans over Steve. He systematically presses all the buttons. The window goes down. The window goes up. The door unlocks. The door relocks. The seat heater is turned on. The seat heater is turned off. “Play with them. You’re not going to hurt anything. And even if you do, I’ll just replace it.”
“No, sir,” JARVIS continues, which makes Tony stop mid-stride, foot not coming back down. “I am detecting a heartbeat.”
“You’re dismissed,” Steve says abruptly. Tony looks down at him despite himself, caught off guard. “Not from the room – from the ship. From the mission. I am relieving you from Starfleet duty.”
“Stuff it, Rogers. I don’t care about my name, if they think I sent them. I care that my name being on them means I had something to do with them being there. If they blow, that’s on me. If they kill, those lives are on me.”
But Tony’s good at pushing people out of their comfort zones. He prods and annoys and pokes until people get fed up and inevitably turn and push back.
Is he going to let a character flaw lose his life, when he can stop it? Is he going to let pride take everything from him – and for no reason?
(Later, Tony will think about that moment: the cold, humid air of the room, the grey clouds slowly passing ahead, the minor glitch that was causing the soil to be dark red instead of brown, at how the rain programming worked the
Steve looks up and sends him a purposeful, happy grin, before laughing to himself, muttering something, and then jumping.
And then they’re off again – this time talking about the way people drank in the war, and moving on, somehow, to the anatomy of camels (there was some connection there – drunk person handling a camel carrying supplies, camel broke shit? Steve can no longer remember. It was Tony’s story, after all).
“I’m ready,” says Tony, hand hovering over the shields button. “I’ve rerouted all the power. Once Clint and Cap are in the shuttle and give me the clear, I’ll activate the shields. It’ll be just over ten minutes by that point. Page down to Levonos, let them know the plan – it should give them enough time to take cover, just in case.” And to give himself ten minutes to say goodbye to the stars, not that that matters. “It shouldn’t impact them at all, but we never know.”
There’s no way Pepper’s not going to be in the tower, and there’s no way she’s going to miss the blonde haired, blue eyed guy built like a tree living in his guest room. It’s not like she’ll recognize him, but in a way, that makes it worse. If she knew who he was, she might understand why he feels the compulsion to keep him close, keep an eye on him.
The days on Flualli were hot and long, and, in his boredom, he found himself engineering a bio-hazard, ecological detector. It was handheld, much like a tri-corder, but had the sole purpose of scanning plants for any abnormalities. It could take a biological sample and run it for any concerns, such as fungus, water contamination, or any other abnormalities. The mock-up was slightly haphazard, thrown together with scraps from the Flualli junkyard, but he was pleased with the mechanics of it nonetheless. When the Avenger made orbit, he was finishing downloading the Fluallian database on botany with one of their younger science officers, who, for no reason Tony could really figure out, was the only one who was a light shade of blue.
It’s noon by the time the animals arrive. JARVIS was polite enough to warn the security desk, God bless his binary soul, but they all come up via-elevator.
There’s one cat who doesn’t seem to get the memo that Tony’s just a spectator, climbing up on the kitchen counter next to him and batting her head into his hand. He pets her absently, scratching behind her ears and playing with her fur.
“Yeah, he did that a lot to a lot of people, you aren’t special. You need to be a little more specific,” Tony says, kicking him in the ribs again.
He finds himself unable to contain his smile. He’s happy – giddy, almost, the relief almost an aphrodisiac, with how good he feels right now.
“Where were you today?” Tony demands immediately. God damn it. He sounds like a wife who thinks her husband is cheating with his busty secretary. “And why didn’t you tell me?”
He throws the shield, hitting three at once, and there’s Iron Man again, flying around and around and around, and all the drones follow.
“I’ve already seen that,” Steve says, and Tony files that away in a little folder in his head labeled Things I Know About Steve.
Steve dressed slightly nicer in civvies than Tony had anticipated he would, with black slacks and a light blue shirt that matches his eyes. Tony attempts not to feel self-conscious about his own ripped shirt and old jeans; he supposes it may be better than his Vulcan robes, though he’s not sure.
“And it’s frustrating and disappointing and sometimes you think you can change the facts but you just, no matter what you do, how badly you decide you want it, despite not even caring all that much before, even thinking you deserved it before, you want it
He looked at his hand, and its thin green veins, at his wrist and the ever-present concealed suit. He could feel his lungs, expand, contract. He could feel the golden throb of the t’hy’la bond, ever present, ever un-fulfilled.
“I heard you’re taking my houseguest from me,” Tony says, bending down to pick up the screwdriver, and avoiding their eyes.
The elevator opens, and there’s Tony, surrounded by his blue holograms that Steve doesn’t truly understand how work. To his credit, though, he doesn’t think
“It seems that one of the ships containing the nuclear warheads somehow broke orbit and has been traveling around ever since – until, of course, it was caught in Levonos’s system.” It must have been travelling at some speed. Tony would guess that it had been hit at high impact out of Earth’s orbit. “They seemingly have accidentally activated the warhead, given our understanding of the video that was transmitted to us. They have no idea how to deactivate it, and, if their interpretation is correct, it will detonate in five days without intervention.”
Steve’s middle feels like chiseled marble, so he doesn’t actually move an inch, and Tony finds himself looking up, feeling a little betrayed and a lot confused.
Steve stuffs the unpleasantness of that thought down, down, down. It doesn’t matter. It doesn’t matter at all.
It’s not graceful and probably not a good move in the long run, but he desperately wants to get out of there before they send a team after him. It’s so much more triumphant to come up holding a body than to have a team of agents come up behind him while he’s hitting ice with a knife like some Norwegian ice-fisherman.
(As a child, Tony had never understood his father’s aversion to Starfleet. It had seemed illogical. Starfleet was a harmless organization, focused on expedition and peaceful exploration of federation planets. Their concentration on scientific advancement interested Tony. But his father had taken Tony’s borrowed book on Starfleet history, and methodically and purposefully placed each page atop the fireplace in their home.
Steve’s was the most uncomfortable, the most painful. It’s not like he wanted Steve to shrug it off, to not care, but to watch the horror, disappointment, and confusion fill his eyes was far worse than Tony imagined. Tony had left the room twitchy and upset, and, not wanting to face that reaction again, had called Rhodey.
“Why would you need to check up on me?” Tony asks. He turns off the torch and places it on the table, where it rolls off and almost hits him in the foot. He jumps back, landing into his table, and he can see Coulson’s bland smile from behind the slotted eyes of the mask.
“The ship, the Avenger,” Steve confirms. “Not that I spent a lot of time wondering about what I’d think in my final thoughts, but I guess I assumed it would be something back in the past.” He shrugs, or as best as he can. “Guess I’ve rebuilt more of my life here than I realized.”
A muscle ticks in Steve’s jaw. His arms are crossed and he’s leaning far back in his chair, eyes blinking rapidly, and Tony finds himself at an unusual loss for words.
Clint leans forward. “At this point, someone had pushed Maras out to him. He took her by the hand and looked her in the eye and said something. I couldn’t hear, probably something gentlemanly.”
Setting up the particle accelerator is infinitely easier than Tony imagined because Steve has massive muscles. Not that Tony
“It wasn’t knowingly.” Tony throws the spoon into the empty bowl. It clanks loudly in the most-empty mess hall.
He finished explaining the botany examiner - which he was dubbing ‘the aloe-lujiah’ simply for his own amusement - and handed it off, with a promise to forward specs, the Avenger's database, and keep in touch for questions. Several minutes later, he found himself standing underneath the bright, hot sun.
Tony finds himself relaying a lot of anecdotes about the city. He almost surprises himself; he didn’t realize he had invested so much of himself in this place. It doesn’t really feel like home, it hasn’t for a little while, but there’s a history there that he wasn’t expecting.
Steve watches in silence as Tony poorly tries to turn mostly cooked sunny-side-up eggs into something edible. His mind is flashing through images of his past life – Peggy, his mother, Bucky, the train, his outfit, old training facilities, the grocery store he used to go to, repairing socks by the stove in winter – like his brain is trying to make up for the days he spent moving on. His first instinct is relief – relief that maybe he actually will be okay. It’s followed by a close friend of Steve’s – guilt.
The first one is self-explanatory. What with the lack of sleeping, being able to have the Internet read to him while he’s in the gym, and with the enormous amounts of specifically complied information a-la Tony, Steve actually feels like he may be getting a bit of a handle on what the world is and has been.
Tony raps his knuckles against the door before leaving, which Steve’s learning is his version of a goodbye.
The boat docks in New York, which is lucky, but it docks in Long Island. There really isn’t a way to get from Long Island to Manhattan without revealing just about all of New York City’s modern glamour and horrors.
Tony shakes his head. “It’s too dangerous. I’m destroying it immediately after. I’m also not writing any of the plans down. When I go,” he knocks on his head. “Then it’s gone.”
“Don’t set your expectations too high. The past made all sort of unreasonable expectations for us – flying cars, transporters, tin-foil outfits that make women’s breasts look pointy—”
Steve looks up to the top of the building, where STARK is hanging in massive letters. Tony bounces on his feet. “Don’t listen to any of those sayings about overcompensation. None of them are true.”
Tony has joined the away team because the transporter had been malfunctioning – again – and so a shuttle had to be taken, despite the shuttles being in the middle of software upgrades. Tony is sure – positive – that the shuttle will still perform adequately to get the team back to the ship with no errors, but Steve had insisted he come along, just in case of malfunctions.
Day twenty-two through twenty-nine, Steve learns about Star Wars, Star Trek, Lord of the Rings, Jurassic Park, Disney, and Indiana Jones. Tony learns that Steve looks like he’s bored all the time but actually only falls asleep during dialogue heavy parts, that he really likes modern special effects, and likes sweet popcorn flavorings more than savory.
The picture he gets of Tony is complex and odd and dynamic and hard to put in a box – and, despite himself, he’s slightly intrigued.
“We don’t know that for sure—” Coulson starts, and really, didn’t Tony say already that giving him false hope would be worse in the long-run? Jesus Christ, no one listens to him.
“Yes, thank you Clint, tore the gate off its hinges, sending it flying into three other guards. Then he stood in the middle of the bay and yelled,
“See, Hammer, this is why you don’t even crack to Fortune 300. You’re short sighted. I consider that a personality defect.”
The Flualli raises their left foot this time, then makes a purposeful squawk, before turning and leaving.
“It,” Natasha says, “Was in direct violation of our orders, caused an inter-galactic incident, may have permanently destroyed diplomacy with Worran planets, probably caused hundreds of thousands of their currency in property damage, violated our no-interference treaty, and probably killed ten or more Worrian people.” Her eyes flit to Steve. “Is that right?”
(Swing, order, supply – maybe Tony just didn’t want to be involved in the execution at all anymore.))
They transport down within ten minutes of Tony first feeling the distress, but upon appearing on the planet, it seems they may have been about eight minutes late to the fight.
He was standing near the back, swallowed in the crowds of those coming to pay respects to the great Stark’s life accomplishments. In the middle stood the funeral pillar, a 34-meter blank white pillar that they projected a bulleted list of life accomplishments. Slightly to the left and about 84 feet down, was a simple, half oval shaped rock, where only the words
“You don’t have to stay here,” Tony says, closing his eye again. “You’ve more than done your civic duty keeping me company for a life-time. I think you’ve spent more time hanging out with me than anyone else in my life, probably. JARVIS, how much time have we spent together?”
He finds himself staring up at the ceiling for a long time, not thinking about any of the multitude of things he has to think about. His mind is white static, the buzz of an off-tuned radio, looking at the white ceiling and thinking of absolutely nothing.
“I don’t think you’ve fucked up with me,” Steve says carefully. It’s almost ironic, Steve being in this position, when he feels so intimately the words Tony’s saying. He’s good at so much, but when it comes to talking to the people he cares about - he fails. Consistently, considerably.
Steve’s blinking at him in surprise or confusion, Tony’s not sure. After a moment, he just stutters out, “Oh, well, I mean – I have never seen you with anyone for a basis of comparison, I guess.”
Three moons orbit Levonos II. Levonos II orbits a large, faraway sun. The sun has an asteroid belt. On the other side of the sun, there are fifteen planets, ranging in size from half the sun to .025x the sun. Each one has intelligent life. None of the life look similar to one another. Seven of the planets are warp-capable. One planet has yet to control fire. In total, they number about twice Earth’s population. There is infinite more amount of other life, life that is taken for granted by organizations like Starfleet – plants, animals, insects, oceans, vegetation.
He reaches inside the last, disintegrating the suit up to his elbow for dexterity purposes. He fumbles through the container – a multi-purpose tool, a mini-tricorder, a picture of his first crew on a Starfleet vessel, the berries from one of his first missions with Steve.
Inside the plane is mostly just snow and ice covered. The armor’s feet crunch the snow, leaving wide footprints, and he does consider that he maybe should have asked what exactly it was he was looking for.
Steve isn’t the easiest guy to get to know, which he makes that plainly obvious early on. Even when he isn’t avoiding Tony like he’s a drunken one-night stand, he’s quiet and introverted and seems to take the saying ‘playing your cards close to your chest’ to a brand new, occasionally infuriating, level. No matter what conversation opener Tony tries, he gets little in response, just a few words, maybe a small smile if he’s lucky, and constant moving eyes sizing Tony up without saying a word.
Steve wants to ask if this kind of extravagance is normal nowadays, or if Tony’s just exceptionally rich.
Steve’s fist connects with Hammer’s face, and Hammer falls to the ground, about as conscious as a couch.
Steve goes slightly still, but his eyes – God, his eyes, what is this, why is Tony so fixated on them – his eyes roam the room, as if trying to find something to confirm it. Or disprove it.
Steve takes the babble for what it is – deflecting cold, hard fear – and squeezes his shoulder. Tony turns back around, takes a breath, and puts it in.
“The Iron Man suit,” Tony explains. “Nano-bit technology. I hit a button and it’ll disperse. Fancier than the original version. I always keep it on me, especially for away missions. You never know when you may need the protection.”
“It’s just—” Tony says. He’s staring down into his noodles. “You ever accept something as fact? So you grow used to it, and it’s fine? Not fine, but fine? But then something changes and you realize you really, really
Tony nods, a sort of weird one, like that’s an odd thing to say, and makes to leave. He pauses in the doorway, and Steve looks back up.
*five month later edit* I just realized my whole inspiration for this fic was the idea that he donated his entire art collection to Steve instead of the boy scouts, and then I completely and utterly forgot to put it in here. LOL. Nice, me. So just pretend that was somewhere in like, the third chapter!
“I’m sorry,” he apologizes to Pepper, making both their heads snap to him. “I didn’t realize I was causing problems by being here.”
Steve, heart pumping, had reflexively thrown the shield during his fall, aimed directly at Hammer’s hand.
Rogers’s eyebrows raise and he looks at Tony in something like surprised interest, but takes his hand for a quick, strong shake.
Tony reads it once, twice, three times, buying time for a response he’ll never be able to form properly.
“Commander Stark,” says Romanoff, ever the consummate professional. “You’ll have three days of sick leave. I expect you back on duty for the alpha shift.”
“I’d like to know too.” Steve runs a hand through his hair. Tony wonders idly why his hair stopped growing in the ice. Does the serum keep it at that nice, well-groomed length? Does ice interact oddly with keratin? “I suppose I don’t have anywhere to go back to. Or money.”
“Oh, right, right,” Bruce says, through a mouth of half-chewed bread. If he wasn’t so good in times of crises, Tony would seriously consider worrying that his health was in the hands of someone so absentminded. However, in the three years that he has been serving on this ship, Tony has calculated a 7.1% decrease in his own sick leave, and has noted a 13.44% smaller degree of deaths during emergency situations in comparison with the average for federation ships. He has no reason to doubt his life in Bruce’s hands.
“It’s not a big deal. I spend most of my time inside basements or conference rooms anyway. Or I did. There’s pros to not being outdoors-y. And most flower places deliver. Anyway, who are these for?”
“Childhood betrothal bonds are common on Vulcan,” he ends up saying, handing to PADD back. “I had never intended to fulfill it.”
Case in point, the doors to the elevator open, and Tony’s talking before he even steps out. “You’re not happy here, are you?”
“The point, Rogers,” Tony says, a little scathing. Steve should turn to look at him. He should. “Is because you don’t have a choice. Like it or not, this is your reality now. You got a second chance at life. We don’t all get those. There’s plenty of people out there dying before their time for dumbass reasons, but you – you got a second chance. And I’ll damned if I let you throw it away because of a little depression.”
“It’s one of the biggest cities in America. If I want the real nowadays culture, shouldn’t that be my first stop?” Tony isn’t sure what to say, beyond, ‘if you go there you might not think humanity was worth saving anymore,’ but Steve continues. “Plus, I read that there’s so many celebrities there that most people ignore them on the street. Isn’t that what you want?”
“Saved her,” Steve answers promptly. “Bruce said she will make a full physical recovery, and with some counseling—”
When the meeting is finally called to an end, most of what Tony took away was that he hadn’t been asked to join the mission planet-side. His orders were to personally oversee the cloaking device, as well as keep engineering on yellow-alert the entire day, waiting for a signal to jump to Warp 10 at a moment’s notice.
the gratitude seep through the bond – gold and warm and tinged with surprise and appreciation, and a wave of aching desire to never feel disappointment or anger or frustration filter through hits Tony so hard that he must work to keep it off his face.
“What are our options?” asks Coulson, but oh, but the blank calmness of his voice – he already knows, or has some idea idea. So carefully measured – always in control, but Coulson never likes to lose anyone. But he’s pragmatic. Always pragmatic before emotions. He’d make a decent Vulcan, not that Tony would ever tell him that.
“Do you think – am I morally responsible to stop some of the bad that has happened between the 40s and now? Warn people? I’m a time traveling status symbol, they’ll probably believe me. Should I bring back vaccines? Stop the Rwanda genocide? Warn people about Hurricane Katrina ahead of time? Do something about the housing crisis? Save people from plane crashes?”
“Mr. Coulson,” the woman barks into her walkie talkie. A real walkie talkie, Jesus. “What’s happening?”
“No. I’m not sure. Maybe SHIELD, as an agent. I can see the appeal of active duty again, with a team who knows who I am and what I can do. But it seems too—”
The Captain has a responsibility to oversee all of the departments, and Tony knows Thor made a special request to stop by this planet for a few days to be allowed to study the beach fauna. A request that Steve apparently granted.
There’s no ache like the ache loneliness churns in your soul. In that cold evening, he was a moment away – an agonizing moment – from taking his PADD, signing his resignation letter, sending it to Starfleet, and taking Stark Industries back under his wing, just to have Pepper back in his daily life, just to have Rhodey a call away, just to have people he knew in the halls and someone to nod to in the morning. He had placed the PADD down with unsure hands and fallen into a fitful sleep.
But also somewhat because Afghanistan has made him instantly wary of any governmental contracts, especially ones that come from people who aren’t willing to tell you what your tech or consultation is going to be used for.
It takes Steve a bit to figure out, but he realizes that Tony must have told JARVIS what to say if Steve asked about him, but probably didn’t think to forbid JARVIS from answering any information that wasn’t classified.
“No, no,” Steve disagrees. His voice is definitely commanding – Tony would guess military if he heard that on the street. “Let him speak. I’d rather the truth.”
Steve agrees, bemusedly. Tony walks in – his hair is sticking up, his eyes are slightly red, and he’s walking fairly sluggishly – all signs he hasn’t really been sleeping.
Tony reaches forward and carefully takes the fruit from them. They’re firmer than expected, closer to a nut than a berry in texture, though the bright purple color still makes Tony think of blueberries.
She didn’t know it, but that conversation was the birth of the robotics division of Stark Industries.
Shore leave comes three months into Steve’s tenure as Captain. They’re near an Earth colony – Star Base 2 – that was built in space. Ever since Tony learned about it for the academy exams, he’s been fascinated with its architecture. It was built entirely in space – a difficult feat for humans, who still have yet to come up with a cost-effective way to be out in space without constricting suits – and was designed to look like a honeycomb.
Some Russian scientist named Vanko speculates that Tony’s arc reactor is failing and he’s too much of a coward to own up to his technological failings and the fact that he probably can no longer power the Iron Man suit, and the only way to disprove him is to come out in public.
There’s a hit on his arm, and Pepper’s staring at him like she might actually take a bat to his head this time.
“Captain,” Coulson says. “Technically, you’re a private citizen and can do as you wish. You should know first, though, about what you’re getting into, and Mr. Stark’s reputation.”
“Me too,” Tony says, meaning it. He knows himself, and he knows how he was at that age. A man of Steve’s caliber, conviction, appearance, willpower. He would have fallen, hook line and sinker, and probably grown up either infatuated or with a chip on his shoulder. That’s one fewer emotional issue to have to work through when it comes to Steve. “You were a big name in the eugenics war, weren't you? Stormed camps, killed bad guys, made a lot of news? You and your other enhanced friend – the Winter Soldier.”
“But you know what’s on the ship?” Tony asks. They all turn to stare at him. He doesn’t meet their gazes, eyes only on Steve. “You know how to navigate it, how to work the technology on it, where items are?”
T’Quan was the only Vulcan that Tony could remember that regularly dyed her hair. Perhaps T’Prynn, for all she showed no interest in him, had something for the unconventional types.
“I am not asking you to unknow it. I am asking you to let it go. Stop worrying about. It’s fine, everything is fine.”
Jocular tone aside, he’s not kidding. He sometimes lets himself feel a wave of small regret about the ending result of their living arrangements. Traditionally, the CMO and Chief Engineer share a bathroom and outer living quarters. However, Bruce’s race requires a little more precaution than most, requiring specific room sizes, reinforcements, and assurances at lack of disruption during sleep due to a biological and physiological reaction to being provoked or angered.
Steve stops. He grabs the bag on its way back, and holds it still. He runs a hand over his face, but doesn’t turn. “I just don’t see the point of taking the time to go out and be in this world when all I am ever going to want to is to be back in my old one. Or just not be in this one.”
(Tony remembers once when he was cornered after leaving his schooling for the day. Sterok, Stonack, and T’Prog had pulled him behind the building, pushed him against the wall, and had pulled out a small knife.
He wonders if it’s a sweet, universe-given irony that he’s dying to hold the shields instead of the weapon.
“Oh hey, Justin,” Tony says conversationally. “I see you’ve been busy since the Congressional meeting.”
If he knew the actual day, he would’ve written the date down, maybe wrote it in red on his pin-up calendar, or set up one of those recurring date notices on his phone – just something, anything, to mark down in unalterable pen that
He nods, and they set off. On the way, she gets stopped by three different men – one asking her when their training session is, one congratulating her on her promotion, and one telling her that her idea for new software was going to be adopted.
“In your quarters,” Steve starts one day, slowing chewing on a sandwich. Tony’s fiddling with wiring on the shields. “I saw a book.
He wonders, now, if he should add Peter, the young intern who shows incredible promise as a bio-tech engineer. Or Bruce, who deserves some of his medical research. Or Vision, an android who has hours of conversations with JARVIS. Or Natasha, who was kind to him one night when he didn’t deserve it and has shown interest in some of his older weaponry designs. Or Clint, whose apartment back on Earth isn’t big enough for him to own a dog. Or Thor, who was the first person Tony found himself able to converse with easily on the ship.
They watch as the tortonia walks, ambling, towards the ocean, leaving tiny little footprints in the sand. He isn’t even half the size of Tony’s shoe.
Steve places his arms underneath Tony’s, wrapped around his waist, like he’s a good two feet shorter than he actually is, with his face kind of smashed up against where Tony’s shoulder meets his neck. His hair is sort of getting in Tony’s mouth, but it feels so damn good – the strength of it, the concern of it, the emotion of it, that Tony just gripes back tighter, clutching with all the strength he can afford to give, twisting his fingers into the back of Steve’s uniform shirt. He’s solid and real and there and they’re both
He picks those out carefully. He had forgotten they existed. They still feel the same, so they may still be edible; he isn’t sure about shelf-life of alien fruit.
It’s silent for a minute or two, long enough for Steve to pick up his book again, and get a sentence or two in.
Steve shakes his head slightly, and focuses back into the conversation going on around him. At some point, Tony stood and is now leaning up against the countertop. Pepper is a couple feet away, pinching her nose in exasperation.
“But what about you?” Steve presses. The blue light of the arc reactor is shining through Tony’s shirt. “There isn’t anything you’d go back and prevent from happening?”
Several self-deprecating thoughts flash throughout his mind – this is only comfort, Steve never got physically affectionate before he thought Tony was going to die, this is for Tony at the cost of Steve’s discomfort, Tony must have looked horrible to make Steve think this was a proper response – but, after a moment, he pushes them away, takes a breath, and just stops thinking.
Tony shrugs, the movement catching a little on the couch. "Me too." A smile. "Guess it was inevitable."
Abruptly, Steve stands, and turns to face the wall.  “It’s unethical to command you to tell me who it is.” Steve laughs, once, bitter. “I want to, all the same.”
“I’ve know other people,” Steve interrupts. “You made me, remember? Book club? The VA? Pepper and I talk weekly on the phone!”
Instead, he occupied himself with creating scenarios in his head of how this confrontation would go down. They’d inevitably be completely inaccurate, but he did get an almost visceral satisfaction out of imagining breaking Hammer’s arm with just a turn of his wrist.
He can hear Tony squeak something in reply, but he’s not paying attention, too focused on getting between the drone’s fire and Tony’s unprotected body.
She glances over to Steve with a strange expression. Tony’s not particularly talented in reading human emotions, but if he were to name it, he would say it was pity.
He should probably tell his therapist that. It makes sense to him, but so did telling Pepper that he forgot his social security number because it meant she would have to memorize it and thus pay more attention to him, and his therapist really didn’t care for that one.
He should know better than to ask Tony a question about his own technology, especially with his fair skin and the radiation of this sun – but apparently, he doesn’t, and thus is put through a near quarter of an hour explanation, all the while he looks more and more impressed.
“Tony,” Steve says, and what’s that tone, why does he sound confused. “You’re upset. Why would I leave you if you’re upset?”
Tony’s waiting for Steve to finish with his morning workout – he wonders why Steve bothers, sometimes; the muscles survived inactivity for 70 years, does he
“Not particularly comforting that’s so common they have a standardized form for it, is it?” Tony joked. The ends of Steve’s mouth curve, but he’s too sullen to let it permanently form.
Steve just looks at him like he’s dumb, which isn’t a look Tony’s all that accustomed to seeing, and says, “Of course not. They’re not you.”
Steve realizes he’s been watching them argue with bacon halfway to his mouth for about a full minute, and drops it, embarrassed, to his plate, and just catches Pepper’s incredulous, “Have you been drinking?”
“I’m staying for me,” Steve says, stepping out of the machine. He's calm, now. Heartbeat slowed, confident steps. This - this was the right choice. He can feel it.
The orders forbid him leaving his post in engineering; while he has projects down there to tinker with, and the core could always use maintenance, he finds himself on a PADD, slowly re-designing the code of the map holos – their zoom really was something pitiful – when his insignia buzzes.
Out of the corner of his eye, Tony can see Steve sit up straight, and it annoys him for a reason he can’t, or won’t, identify.
He’s constantly tired and constantly short-tempered and another person, especially one like Tony, would be too difficult to try to relate to.
Steve looks around the room, taking everything in with rapid eye movements, quietly assessing, and Tony wonders what he’s realizing.
“Oh my God,” Steve mutters, and runs a hand down his face, looking pained. “I am poorly asking you if you’re interested in dating me.”
“Mr. Stark.” Ah, Agent Coulson, then. Tony puts his feet up on his desk and presses the whiskey to his head, closing his eyes. The cool glass actually feels nice. “Good to hear you.”
There’s a man inside – Steve is about 85% sure it is Hammer given what he remembers from the news – and he’s waving his hands around, yelling about something into a phone.
“I’m not saying I want the position back, God forbid, no, what I’m saying is that it’s really hard to spend all this extra time keeping you company if you won’t let me keep you company. I get that this is all overwhelming, but you haven’t left the tower since you got here, which rivals me on my worst times, really, which is saying something, and isn’t there stuff you want to see and do, good god, this gym isn’t
He stands over their graves, his mind blank, body cold, eyes damp, with Obadiah’s arm around his shoulders, the canyon to jump of taking over the company looming, and he decides something else – it was time to start chasing the future instead of the end.
They’re greeted by the security desk, but they’re virtually ignored by everyone else in the lobby. Granted, Tony shuffles them through like they’re avoiding the paparazzi and he just had a sex tape released, but still, he slightly wonders why he doesn’t warrant more hellos. They make it up to the penthouse fairly quickly, and Tony gives him the dollar tour, just enough for him to get around.
“The Iron Man suit. I have it here—” He lifts his wrist, showcasing where the nano-bites are held. “It has medical protocols. I have an override code where I can put it on another person – I can get it on Steve and send it up to the Avenger. It’s programmed to handle space conditions. It can get him up to the ship, and then I have the doors programmed to open for it—”
Steve nods, barely, like he doesn’t realize he’s doing it. His eyes are still dancing across the room.
“Is he like—” Tony struggles for a second. “Fine? Brain-dead, brain-alive, functioning, moving, awake?”
He’s not sure if they would have gotten along all that well if they weren’t living in the same space and continually trusting the other with their lives – but, in the end, it doesn’t matter.
Tony shoots one of his repuslors straight at one, and it explodes into a thousand pieces, littering mechanical pieces all over the rooftop.
“The world loves love,” Tony says, apparently without thinking, because his eyes are completely focused and scanning the text on his screen.
Tony makes to step off the platform, but Steve gestures for him to wait. Tony obliges. “Could you at least send me the database of cultural diplomacy? I still don’t know enough about all the types of aliens yet, and that could be a large help.”
Tony’s heading towards the reading when he steps on something that almost makes him slip. He stumbles, catches his balance, and looks down.
Tony’s approach to emotional conversations – pretending they’re not happening – isn’t Steve’s favorite, so, with a hand, he turns off the stove, and gently turns Tony towards him.
“Nope,” he says. “Have her email whatever it is to me,” and then shuts the door in her face and locks it with a technology so complicated it hasn’t even been featured in Star Trek.
Tony takes a second to look around, but it only takes a moment for him to notice there’s a body near the controls.
“Of course I do, dipshit,” Tony snaps. He’ll feel bad about that later, he’s sure, he's just really fucking rattled. “You really think I spend
Tony laughs, once, in disbelief. “Stop the bad guy at the cost of the Starfleet mission parameters.”
The whine of the transporter fills the room, and Tony shifts in place, watching the beams of light that precede the new Captain’s entrance.
Steve can’t back out now. After all the time, effort, money, and thought Tony has put into this? To just step aside and say, hm, how about I
Hammer has been slowly and quietly inching backwards, which Steve has not missed. He assumed it was out of fear, but at the last moment, he can see Hammer’s hand settle on some device behind him on a table, and Steve just has the time to yell,
“I am a men, Steve,” Tony says. He can feel his face contort – way to be eloquent, Stark. “I mean, you do know that, right?”
(For all that Tony tries to be human, to be as human as possible, all his tormentors were, in the end, correct: he can’t outrun his genes.
The bond indicates two harmonious minds, but it cannot account for action, for choice. Steve has every choice to deny him. To logically make the decision that someone like Tony, compatible spirit or no, is not someone wise to have on your side. To make the informed decision that Tony has never been anyone’s first choice.
Emotions can be dulled. That – that is something Vulcans have whittled to a science. Isolation. Lack of friends. Focus on logic, math, numbers. Extreme dedication to tasks. Bond-mates chosen from logic instead of love.
The words give Steve pause, the space of a few breaths. He somehow doubts that’s what Tony is really asking. “You’ve all been doing fine—”
okay?” Tony repeats in disbelief. “You just tried to catch the Iron Man armor falling at like, forty miles an hour, you idiot! Are
“Now I do,” Steve replies with little humor. Bruce has wandered off, which must mean Steve is fairly stable, but Tony’s hand’s itches to re-take his hand, take his wrist, feel his pulse, feel his warmth. “You know,” Steve says, and he sounds musing. “After he hit me with that – whatever was in his staff, and I was laying there, and I really thought I was going to die. And all I could think about was how much I wished I was back on the ship.”
“I don’t know.” Tony picks one up and inspects it closer. “It’s a power source of some sort. I would guess it was Vanko’s duplication of the arc reactor. But it…it looks different than the others. This must have been a prototype, trying to get closer to the real one.”
“Denied,” Natasha dismisses immediately. “If we’re assuming this is a deliberate cut off, then we have to assume Captain Rogers is in danger. You have no security experience and, despite your strength, no training. I’m sending Clint and Drax.”
He, slowly, takes Steve’ hand, and leads him back towards the console, towards the window facing outside. Steve follows without comment.
“At my place,” Tony buts in. “You can pick your room. And job. If you want a job. You can sit around on your ass all day, I don’t really give a shit.”
“Brought me?” Tony interrupts. “Excuse you, I came. You didn’t bring me anywhere. And look, I can just—” He aims a repulsor at the topside of the plane and shoots, the bright blue light cutting through the metal like butter. Coulson squeaks slightly, and Tony wonders how he can hear it above the snow and wind, but when he looks back, Coulson only looks mildly sickened. “Way faster, right?”
There’s what hasn’t gotten better – homelessness, orphans, abused wives and children, poor working conditions, prejudice, stale bread, dishonest politicians, how long it takes to cook a roast, bigger money and dumber heads, rude people, sickness.
“If there’s anyone else other than Hammer here, like employees, the front doors will lead straight to them. You mentioned that Hammer was controlling the drones remotely. If he’s still here, he was probably doing it from a lab, and not from an office where people could overlook. Our best bet for not being noticed and finding him is to go straight to the basement and work our way up.”
a friend out of him. He likes Tony, he does, or he thinks he does, but how can he make Tony like him? It would take so much effort to try, to be sociable, to be around another human. It’s far easier to hide away, grunt responses, and speak only to JARVIS, who he can’t disappoint and who doesn’t have feelings to care about hurting.
But as he beats the punching bag, he has no thoughts, and he purposefully pushes away any of the feelings of regret or shame.
“Tony,” Coulson says, so disapproving, and Tony can see Steve’s eyes have latched onto him, now. He wonders what he thinks about the reactor, clearly glowing through his shirt.
Steve was on the other end of the table, coming off an unexpected Beta shift, given a helmsman had come down with the Andorain flu. His head was resting on his folded arms, and he was quietly watching Tony work, silent but smiling.
“The picture is way nicer than movie screens used to be,” Steve says, gesturing to it. “Cleaner. And the colors are great, far more vivid than before.”
Steve hides out for most of Rhodey’s visit. It’s late – almost 1AM, when Rhodey skips out, and Tony finds himself alone in his workshop once again.
"Know, that if you refuse your place in the Vulcan Science Academy, and leave, you are permanently separating yourself from Vulcan. You will be alone with your choices. No matter the trouble you get into, no matter what happens, I will not come for you. You will have to live with the consequences of your choice."
He’s been avoiding going out for several reasons, and most of them point back somehow to his public image. He’s a recognizable guy, okay, it’s really hard to mask his face and looks so he’s not stopped on the street. He doesn’t want people crowding him and the paparazzi taking pictures and everyone pointing and staring because he’s been out-of-service for like two months and everyone seems to think he’s either dead or having a mental breakdown.
Tony lets out a breath, and falls back onto Steve, who is standing behind him. Steve catches him, and Tony finds himself in a strange, backwards hug.
"It's mostly teasing, but I did want to let you know that on a professional level, they wanted my assessment of you."
“Yes, I told them,” no remorse in his tone, and Tony has had enough of it to know the feeling of betrayal when he feels it. “They’re one of the highest government research organizations in the world, they might have information—”
Steve can’t really tell what Tony is doing. There’s a lot of food, sort of everywhere, and he’s poking at some machine that’s lighting up what’s inside and spinning it. Steve assumes it’s probably not for decoration.
“Anyway, so I am sitting up on my perch on a rock, right, and Steve’s holding Maras’s hand, right, and looking down at these twenty some soldiers who are now surrounding him, and Natasha is too far to really get involved but at least
Tony comes back in under a half hour. Steve is sitting on the sand, in silence. The wind is rustling through the tendrils of beach grass, sending small tufts of pollen spinning through the air. The wind here isn’t invisible – or, at least, has a somewhat shimmer to it that you can catch as long as you don’t blink.
“I’m sure you didn’t expect Steve to be Steve,” Tony says, with probably far too much glee in his voice. “God, I hope we never tell anyone who you really are, Steve, this surprised look of horror when you can crush steel with your fingertips is fantastic. Really, picture worthy. Though did you have to throw him through the wall? It’s a bitch to get contractors up this many floors.”
“Hey Miss Potts, not to be a total dick, but given I am no longer in the company, was there something that you called about that pertains to me?”
“All of this art was too,” Tony says, widening his arms to encompass the room. “It’s incredible to me that with all that there is in the galaxy, every single thing seems to have
“Tony,” Steve interrupts. He still sounds happy. “Stop thinking ahead for one second. This is – this is incredible.”
He wonders without really thinking about it if it’s partly because he already accepted death when he pointed the plane to the ground. If his brain already processed and accepted death, that this isn’t being treated in his head as a continuation of his old life, but instead something brand new, a different place where he hasn’t lost anything.
Steve had wanted to talk about a lot more than that – why does he hate you, when did that start, did he ever make an attempt on your life before, how were you able to tell it was Hammer in the first place, do you have proof we can take to the police, is tracing him legal, where is he in the building, what’s the plan when we get in there, did you hurt anything when you fell, why are you acting like it doesn’t matter than you almost died – but Tony had put up a hand almost immediately, said that he had to make some calls, and then spent a half hour talking with Pepper about damage control around the tower. It sounded like they have to make a public statement about it, someone had to pay for the tower’s clean up, media outlets wanted proof that Tony didn’t die with the fall – and other boring, necessary stuff that had Steve sighing to himself and toning out Tony’s voice.
He thinks of the Vulcan Science Academy, the place that taught him all the knowledge that has led to anything good in life.
“Thank you,” a voice says behind them. They both turn, slightly startled, and there’s a young woman – probably Terran, though something in Tony’s psi-readings hints that there may be telepathic blood in her. “I did the restoration.”
“Can be an insult to Vulcans, just ask my mother.” Tony offers a strained smile. “Are you ready to leave?”
“It doesn’t have to be your last months!” Steve’s voice raises for the first time. Tony’s never seen him with this type of anger. Not wanting a beat down, but just - angry. Just angry. His words get clearer, more pointed.
Steve’s drunk enough to consider grabbing his hand for emphasis, but still aware enough to think better of it. “Thanks for this.”
As he goes back to adding items onto his list, he does spare a thought to wonder where on Earth that Tony could be going where he couldn’t keep in contact through his phone.
Steve is so anxiously giddy the next couple days that he almost doesn’t know what to do with himself. He’s never been a very effusive person – even in his happiest moments, he knows he has a tendency towards stoicism and a maudlin attitude – but he just can’t
“Could you do anything with it even if it was?” Steve asks out of sheer curiosity. “I mean, it’s patented to Hammer, right?” It’s odd - Steve never would have thought Tony would consider intellectual property theft.
Tony’s not usually people’s first choice. Except for actual People magazine, he’s been their first choice like seven times. But real people, for friendship? No.
But the numb feeling seems to extend even to this matter, so he just greets Tony with an underwhelming, “Hi.”
It appears to be a weapon powered by the arc reactor technology, and it shoots a repulsor beam straight at Tony, who manages to dodge out of the way by a hair.
It makes direct contact, and the crunch of the bones echos in the room, drowned out by Hammer’s scream of agony. The weapon drops to the ground, and Hammer drops to his knees
Back in the day, it most likely would have pissed Steve off a bit. Growing up in the depression taught Steve a lot, and one of those things was that most rich people like being rich more than they like other people.
There’s something about that smile that really makes Steve think he’s in the latter category. He remembers all those articles he read about Tony’s challenges with alcohol, and suddenly, he feels a spike of concern, of wanting to change days that are already past that hits him stronger than anything has in a long while.
(Or inherited one, if you wanted to be pedantic about it, which most of the original Vulcan investors certainly did.)
It’s disconcerting and makes him breathe a little funny, but he just says, “How flattering, I’ll be sure to write that in my Strawberry Shortcake Diary,” even though it’s a moment he’s probably not going to ever forget.
After almost forty minutes, a hug, and several lies, he was finally ushering her out the door. He held it wide, a fake smile that was threatening to fall every second, when she reached over and pulled him into a hug.
“Okay, Tony,” she says. “I also wanted to let you know that I am sending someone over for you to interview.”
“Effort,” Steve finishes. “Before, if you wanted to go out, you had to be actually fully dressed. Nice shoes, pressed shirt. Jacket. Women had their hair done. Not to say no one looked bad, but there was this pressure to look together. Nowadays, it doesn’t seem like that holds true.”
“Just looking before I leap,” Steve says, completely non-sensically, before flipping the TV back on.
It’s not an unwelcome sight to his corrupted mind – that is, until he got a phone call that he better start planning his parents’ one.
“Shush,” Tony says, flapping a hand. “Okay, JARVIS – simulate Earth. How about an empty field, a couple of trees, apple or something. Make it summertime during a rainstorm. Engage, code TONY828828.”
Get out of my face with that bullshit that nothing improves. If nothing improves, I’d have been better off dying last year.
“Okay then.” Tony’s head is back down, looking at his tablet, his hand is typing and swiping and manipulating something Steve can’t see. This is another one of Tony’s quirks that Steve has yet to truly get used to – he often forgets that a lot of their conversation happened in his own head. Depending on Steve’s mood, it flits between endearing and irritating.
easy to control, especially on as little sleep as he’s on – but when JARVIS congratulates Tony on being able to synthesize the element, Steve goes completely quiet.
Pepper reads between the lines. “You programmed a butler because you don’t want to order around or be rude to someone else’s AI?”
“Why. You’re you. And then the kidnapping. It hasn’t been a week, Stark. You shut down your weapons division, signed over the rest of the company, got that
They leave the tower for the first time about a month and a half in. Steve is careful to leave a big bowl of water and food for Roomba, even though they’re only planning on being gone for two days.
“Break what to me, Mr. Coulson?” Steve repeats. He’s breathing nice and normal, and he doesn’t look panicked, but definitely tense, and Tony inches for the briefcase at his feet. He notices Steve’s eyes catch it, even though he doesn’t know Tony, so it shouldn’t mean anything to him.
When Tony made his own personal pledge to be a better person, he never, ever considered it would involve watching Steve walk away.
“Oh Tony,” Hammer says. “That was certainly not me. Definitely one of my employees. I’ll be sure to investigate the situation and get to the bottom of it.”
Getting back to a routine is awkward, and the third time Steve cuts himself off when trying to make conversation, Tony just decides to hell with it and puts on Halo.
A spike, a pounding, a spark of something white and hot burns through Tony’s brain, so sudden and so intense that he almost clutches his head in surprise and pain. He can’t control his wince, ducking his head to hide the ache, waiting the second until it passes and he can play it off with some quip and lie.
He opens his eyes, and there’s Steve, hovering over him with a bright, terrified look to his eyes, tight with worry and anticipation.
He knows Tony wants to show him around and teach him. That first week, Tony was startling persistent, sending in food every day for Steve to try, and coming around every morning, afternoon, and night around to ask if Steve wants to do this, learn that, go here, try this over there. He was also startlingly understanding when Steve always, always grunted a no. He just left with a perky, “Okay, then,” and headed out, presumably to work on something in his workshop. Since files kept popping up in JARVIS’s list, he knows Tony was still spending at least some of his time on him, despite Steve’s constant rejection.
“You don’t think I’ve lost something just beyond the war?” Steve demands. “Really? The only reason I might not want to be around is I don’t want to function outside of
“Actually, Tony, speaking of Coulson,” Steve says. His hands are fiddling with each other a little, and Tony looks over.
Broadly true, but never verbalized. She is first officer for a reason – observational skills are a must.
For the most part, Tony enjoys the seclusion. After a life of constant company, he has learned how to enjoy himself again.
And something’s telling him that something is off. He’s too - quiet. He talks the same amount, but there’s something phoned in about it, like his mind is elsewhere. Which isn’t actually abnormal for Tony, but it’s the type of distracted. Like he doesn’t want to be distracted, like he has to guard himself from his own thoughts.
He goes downstairs after eating a bagel, pats Roomba on the head, and starts creating a reinforced steel drone that dodges shots. He thinks,
“He cut through the door with an electrified whip, sir,” is JARVIS’s ever deadpan answer, and okay, fine, that’s a valid reason for their security protocols to have failed.
“Hey, it doesn’t necessarily have to be propaganda. You don’t need to admit who you are. I’m sure they’d enjoy your muscles and reflexes in the actual war.”
“Too risky. I can’t let a solar system rest in the balance of something that might not work, might get knocked over. Half of engineering is failing the first twenty times. Even I can’t mess up pressing a button.”
“I don’t really need—” Steve tries to object, but Bruce reaches around Tony and stabs him right in the bicep – rather hard, if Steve’s wince is any indication.
The walls are all concrete, and as Steve finds out due to Tony’s muttered swearing, the tracker signal is lost.
As someone who made a life out of running from his personal problems, he wasn’t expecting the somber, weighted feeling that comes from facing them.
He has to figure a way out of this, a way around Steve’s stubbornness, a way around his original plan. His mind is whirling, working frantically, too frantically, and he takes a second of a deep breath, stabilizes his emotional shields, and starts mentally calculating possibilities.
“Okay, sure, that’ll help everything,” Clint mutters, watching as Drax runs head first at a large blue man wielding some sort of cane-type-thing. He slams into the man’s back, and Tony holds back a wince at the sound the collision makes, hearable even from their distance away.
Steve just stares at him, like he’s trying to mentally fit him in a box and Tony just won’t go no matter how hard he pounds the lid. “What’s driving you is…responsibility?” Steve says slowly, like that’s a piece that just doesn’t fit into the box even by sight.
“Did somebody else get in here?” he wonders aloud. “Some poor sod who got lost and was looking for shelter?”
Tony grabs the bottom of Clint’s uniform, tugging it incessantly until Clint looks over, and then points.
“Tony, you better—” She trails off almost immediately when she sees Steve. She blinks once at him, then turns to Tony, with an unmistakable look of
“My name is Phil Coulson, and I work for a government agency. This is Tony Stark,” he stops abruptly, as if realizing he probably shouldn’t have said Stark, just in case, but then recovers quickly. “We found you in your crashed plane a few days ago. You’re in a medbay, being looked over until you awoke.”
Steve taps his foot again, which Tony takes as an invitation to kick into his stomach. “Are you even going to ask what the assessment is for?”
“Communication went down between you and the planet,” Tony answers easily. “Natasha got worried, sent me, Clint, and Drax to find out what happened. Speaking of – what did happen?”
Tony doesn’t really want to toss them, because this is the first thing Steve’s ever bought him and at risk of sounding like a children’s book, he can feel his heart growing three sizes a bit, so he makes a mental note to have JARVIS recreate a plastic version of these guys as he picks up the flowers by the stems, and unceremoniously tosses them out the open window behind him.
“Last night, I made the last update I really could make without having to resort to like, putting a coffee maker in it. So yeah. It’s ready.”
The elevator dings, and Steve can hear the tell-tale sound of heels on wooded floor. When Pepper comes around the corner, Steve can feel his eyes blink in surprise. He wasn’t sure what he was expecting, but someone so elegant apparently wasn’t it.
Tony is intimately aware of how phasers are made, each piece that’s constructed, of the damage they are made and planned and created to inflict. “With my healing factor from the eugenics project, I’m fine, but Starfleet regulation says I get the next day off.”
“You have yet to learn how to suppress the disadvantages from your mother’s genes,” Obadiah had said blandly. Matter of fact. “You still show signs of humanism. The amount of times I have seen you show emotion—” Obadiah had shook his head, obviously remembering when Tony had yelled at his father for leaving him out in the desert to find his own way back as a strengthening exercise, or when he had smiled wide at his mother’s gift of an old, 21
Natasha rolls her eyes again. “He asked the gatekeeper for entrance to slaver’s bay, and when he was denied, he pretended to want shake the man’s hand in goodbye, then grasped his hand, bent his arm 180 degrees back, pushed him into a wall, cracking the man’s skull on the stone, then, through the man’s screams and disorientation, grabbed the key from his breast pocket. Then, when he noticed that there about 50 keys on the ring, he forcibly jerked the
He eventually tried to sleep. He had a nightmare about Bucky again, like he has every day since Bucky died, which is an unfortunate continuation that he really could have done without. His brain doesn’t seem to get the memo that that was 70 years ago – to him, it hasn’t been a week.
“It’s not like he can do anything,” Tony objects, before blinking. He looks down at his watch – 11AM. He absolutely should have seen Steve by now today. He looks around the living room – and nope, absolutely vacant of 6 foot tall, blonde supermodels. “JARVIS?”
In retrospect, one of the stranger parts of the whole thing is that Steve never considered it before Tony suggested it.
Steve reaches a hand out towards the sky, slowly turning his palm up, and his face breaks out into an incredulous, beautiful smile as he feels the raindrops hit, hit, hit his hand.
He lifts his head from where he was staring at Bruce frown at the tricorder, and looks around the room.
It could be an invasion of privacy, easily. Tony could access the Captain’s thoughts with little nudging, completely unfelt by the other. He feels pulses of emotions without even trying. With effort, they easily could drift into one another’s minds, one another’s spaces.
He heads straight to the kitchen, which isn’t abnormal, given the lab time. But Steve looks over his shoulder on reflex, glancing at Tony digging in the fridge - and it’s just obvious there’s something wrong. The way he’s holding himself, it just doesn’t look right.
“Of course. Draw up the papers, we’ll sign it over as soon as you want. I’m ready to begin my hermit lifestyle here with Steve.”
and it catches about six or seven of them right in the stomach, sending them flying, and then he immediately pushes Maras away and
“Hey hey hey,” he says. “I just heard on the news about the drone attack on the tower. I’m so relieved you’re okay, Tony.”
“No?” His tone turns to the self-loathing. “You never seem to. I try, but it’s not good enough. I can never seem to be good enough. I—You know I have always been like this?” Tony picks up a screwdriver that’s poking up between the couch cushion, spins it between his fingers, and then chucks it across the room. It seems to collide with a toolbox, but Steve doesn’t turn to look.
“I see you’ve been told of my arrival,” Tony greets, and sticks out his foot, mirroring the gesture. He isn’t entirely sure if it was the right move, having half-heard the debrief before transporting, but the Flualli looks pleased.
“For the next ten or so minutes.” Tony shrugs. Steve idly wonders what Tony did to anger her quite that badly if he’s that sure she’s about to quit.
Steve gives a nod to Tony, who aims his repulsor at the door lock, and Steve vaguely hopes he can keep this to a simple assault and not 1
They’re just about ready to dock the boat, and Tony realizes he doesn’t actually know where Steve is.
By the time Steve gets to his shield, JARVIS is telling him to go up to the roof instead of back down to Tony’s workshop.
“Cut the bullshit. I hacked the drones in half a minute and they instantly led me back to you. They had direct coding to go to the tower, shoot at the windows, and then target and kill anyone with my facial pattern? You incompetent idiot? Did you really think I wouldn’t be able to figure it out?”
Tony barks out a laugh. He reaches forward and grasps Steve’s hand, squeezing it lightly. “Blatant lie. You’re right; you’re good at those.”
(“Tony,” Deanna starts. Her hands are laced around her knee. “I am worried about your mental state.”
throw off his AI, but who knows, JARVIS has been creeping closer to sentience for years now. The way he pauses makes Tony grin.
Tony blinks, and pushes his mushy-relationship feelings to the side. He'll deal with them in a moment. "Assessment?"
Neither Clint nor Drax question his coming, though Tony suspects the former may because of intervention from Natasha, given the look Clint gave him when they arrived, and the latter may because he would never consider that there was something odd about it in the first place.
They talk through blowing shit up, and Tony tells Steve, almost unthinkingly, about his first girlfriend sleeping with him to steal Stark Industries proprietary information off his laptop when he was sleeping.
On day five-after, which is actually day 18, Tony spends over an hour in his room trying to come up with a single idea of what to do today.
Tony’s eyes find Steve’s, unwittingly, and Steve’s staring back, unrepentant, and yes, that’s right – they never really talked about that.
“What’s that?” Tony had asked. When he muttered, “not much,” Tony had reached for it, muttering, “Jesus, do I need to go get a crowbar, your grip is like King Kong, if this isn’t a beautiful lady I am going to be disappointed.”
Well, fuck that. It’s better to burn out than fade away. He might as well do something real, tangibly helpful. Isn’t that what his second chance is supposed to be about – not wasting his life? Making it mean something, to someone? Having a purpose beyond destruction, even of himself?
And so, one afternoon a few days later, he watches as Tony yells about reprogramming Butterfingers, feels a torrent of feelings just crash through him, and resolves that he will do nothing until it becomes unbearable.
He turns to the woman, who gratifyingly looks as impressed as he imagined, and he’s trying to think of a good one liner for her – most of his default ones require winking, which just Does Not Work in the armor – when an alarm blasts.
“Oh, Captain Crunch, you’re here, fabulous. So, I was doing some research last night into what it was like back in your days, and something that kept coming up was the food. You guys boiled and canned everything. And without globalization, I bet you’ve never tasted anything but ‘American’ food, which isn’t really a cuisine at all, just kind of mishmashes of other, better stuff, except maybe southern food, but again, that was created by slaves’ culture, so I don’t know how correct it is to really laud that, you know? Though maybe we should appreciate it for its own sake given that, I should really check that out with someone more appropriate than me.”
“Yep,” Tony says, shrugging it off. “Though keep in mind that’s before you pitched Red Skull and the Tesseract. Also before we won the war. You might have to do some work to make sure that still happens.”
“The costume wasn’t my idea. I didn’t sign up to be a war poster for America. I just don’t like bullies; it doesn’t matter who they are. Even if it’s America. Maybe especially.”
Steve frowns his way through making dinner, and only realizes hours later that Tony had clutched that weird power source in his lap the entire ride back to the tower.
“You’re fit as a whistle. Or I think you are, given we really don’t have enough data on Vulcan/Human anatomy to be sure.” A complaint that Bruce never once has failed to mention during Tony’s checkups. Bruce powers down the medical tricorder and gives him a hard slap on the shoulder. “Good to have you back.”
People are screaming from down on the street, glass is shattering, and all Steve can do is stare at the armor – at Tony – and feel helpless.
On day 19, bright and early at 10AM, Steve is standing in-front of the coffee maker when Tony walks into the kitchen.
“One we could probably do without,” Steve points out, and Tony shrugs in either agreement or disagreement – Steve can never tell.
Tony recognizes that there may be something else going on here, on his end. It may be less about Steve’s actions and slightly more about the previous betrayals of trust, about Obadiah, about loss of control in a situation where he's already so helpless.
He’s kind of glad he is still capable of caring about someone that much – some part of him sort of worried that the part of him capable of giving a shit died right along with him in the 1940s – but he hasn’t really missed the anxious, unrelenting anger that comes with it.
“Then find one,” Steve barks – a command, or close to one, if it wasn’t laced with panic. “You’re the king of plans on the fly, of cutting the wire—”
Steve is obviously expecting Tony to ask why given how taken aback he looks when Tony just shrugs and says, “sure, whatever, JARVIS, have an animal shelter bring all their dogs and cats by sometime today and I’ll pay their salaries for a month,” and then knocks his shoulder into Steve’s hard enough that he actually takes a step back, and there it is, the unobstructed coffee maker.
Steve expects to have to explain why it’s fitting, but Tony simply raises the glass, in a mock toast, and says, “To righting the past’s wrongs.”
Tony opens his mouth, hoping the right words appear on his tongue. After several seconds of just air, he finally stutters out a hopefully believable lie, “I have a duty to this ship. I can’t just resign for some – some bond.”
“Tony, if you don’t try to keep yourself alive, you won’t be. If you don’t accept your past, accept what you’ve done, and move forward, you’ll struggle making it through a five-year mission.”
His father’s body was already gone, disappeared, completely absent from his life, not unlike his father’s body when it was still alive and pumping green blood. And there was his mother’s headstone, permanent, etched, constantly there for Tony to remember, a constant reminder of dark nights of comfort, of being held, of being allowed to shed tears, of being encouraged to laugh, of playing with toys instead of experiments, of feeling love and feeling someone else’s love, of
“She’s awfully—” Steve doesn’t want to say this wrong. “Self-focused,” he ends up choosing. “It’s not that she’s not a team player, but—”
“Your nonchalance act doesn’t fool me,” Steve says with a smile, and damn him. “I know you’re happy about this.”
She’s a fast typer, apparently, even given her long nails, and when he ignores her calls, she spams his phone worse than the fake IRS wanting financial compensation.
“Look,” he says. “Sorry. I’m probably doing a shitty job of convincing you that picking me was the right choice. I just have sort of a particular personality, and it doesn’t turn off. You’ll just have to get used to it. Not that I had much luck with that in with the board of directors, but you’re a superhuman. If anyone can put up with me, it’s you’re bottle-y enhanced brain, eh?”
“Finished your good deed for the year, huh?” he ends up saying, which feels wrong coming off his lips.
He sighs, nice and long and unhappy, and scrolls down to number 18, “What to do with schematics for tech that hasn’t yet worked out?”
Tony finds himself snorting before he can think better of it. Steve’s eyebrows raise in clear question, and Tony shrugs, a little too dramatically. “Nothing.” Steve cocks his head 7 degrees to the right, and Tony folds. “Just –
“You’re talking to the wrong person. I have an illegal laboratory hiding behind the backup engines.”
Steve picks at his food, swirling it with a fork, unseeing. “It’s my first mission as Captain.” Five days in and already on planet is damn good for any officer, but Tony keeps quiet, listening. “And I already don’t like where it’s headed. I’m sure you read the report, but we have to figure a cure for this fungus destroying their crop yield, but we don’t have an astromycologist on board. We’ve attempted to do a picture match, but not all the records in the system have photos.” Steve grimaces. “It’s like being back in my times; you’d think by now they’d have eliminated bureaucratic oversights. Anyway, they didn’t get an immediate match, and none of our science staff are specifically trained in fungi. This poor planet really could not survive waiting another few weeks waiting to get in touch with someone in Starfleet command with the recommended experience. If it spreads to the rest of their crops, their entire livelihood is going to be in jeopardy. It’s going to turn into a refugee situation.”
Tony probably doesn’t want him to, but honestly, he doesn’t care. Tony makes it almost impossible to care for him - he gives everything and refuses to accept anything, and it’s honestly more emotionally taxing than if he leaned his whole life on Steve’s shoulders. Steve’s always been a giver, a fixer. And he knows Tony is too, but Steve doesn’t - or hopes he doesn’t - shy away from needing someone quite like Tony does. He knows it’s not intentional, but it makes him feel disposable, unimportant. Like he truly is just a roommate, someone Tony is putting up with just to be a nice guy.
“Or, whatever ship is most important.” Fury looks taken aback. “You know, I know, worlds know that there isn’t a better engineer in the galaxy.” Untrue, but Fury has never met Shuri of Wakanda, weeks away by warp 8, and Tony has no inclination to enlighten him. “Put me where it’s mission critical that the engines don’t fail. I’ll deliver.”
That is until he wakes up one morning, sheets damp with sweat, still breathing heavily, and head full of images of the long, long dream of he and Tony together,
But he’s made bigger decisions with less reasoning, and a hell of a lot less interesting results, so he figures it will work itself out.
“The Levonoians were right. They did accidentally activate it. I’m not an expert on nuclear devices, but I’d wager my entire bank account that if we try to move it – tractor beam, transporter – it’ll blow from destabilization.”
And here he is, all the way to year 39, staring down at JARVIS’s report on his blood toxicity levels, and he feels a twitch of helplessness once again.
“Hey, Steve,” Natasha says. They’re both standing a bit away, watching Doom be taken into a SHIELD van. “Do you want to go to the gun range with me soon?”
“I got invited by SHIELD to a thing. A highly classified thing I cannot tell you about, but a thing, a very last-minute thing, and then that thing has led to this.” He gestures at Steve. “Has led to Steve. Steve will be staying here for the foreseeable future and due to classified circumstances he needs someone to teach him the way of the world.”
Steve stares at him a second, obviously not expecting the lack of reply. He pulls the PADD up to reading level, and reads: “The Tarsus IV fungus. First appearance: 2246. Planet of origin: Unknown, suspected Tarsus IV.  Antidote: Available as of 2248. Created by A. Stark of planet Vulcan. Antidote formula released to public and made fully accessible.”
“You military types are all the same. Think it makes you macho to refuse medical help,” Bruce mutters under his breath, harshly typing something into the tricorder. Tony stifles a grin. “Coulson – there was a man who could take a hypo and be glad about it.”
Steve’s sitting at the table, head in one hand, staring blankly out the window. He has a mug of something in front of him, but it’s not steaming.
Tony’s returning from the bathroom, mind only on trying to decide what to choose for lunch, when he feels a sudden, inexplicable alarm creep through him. He pauses in the hallway, just to catch a breath, hand on the wall for support, and tries to breathe and work through the confusion. His mental shielding and emotional control are wavering. He prods through the anxiety and stifling unease, and it’s several long, unfortunate seconds before he identifies that these emotions are not his own.
” he demands. “Someone on this ship is – is a friend, a brother, a lover to you, has a mind so perfect for yours that there are
They’re standing on the sidewalk, at the base of the tower. Happy pulls away, and they’re standing there, in downtown Manhattan.
“Why are you even in a suit?” Tony grumbles, waving a hand at Coulson’s perfectly pressed grey-pinstripe number. “We’re on a boat in the middle of the ocean, there’s no dress code to adhere to.”
“That’s idiotic,” Tony finds himself blurting. “All that does is rise his hopes that he didn’t miss much. That his life and people will still be there when he gets out. Once you tell him, it’ll be a thousand times worse; you’re giving him hope and then taking it away. What do you think is more likely to make a man dangerous?”
He does realize for the first time that Steve’s in pajamas, blue and plaid ones, which just makes this whole thing so much better.
“I was talking to Fury—” Oh, great, that means this conversation is definitely going to take a downward turn. “He wants to take him back to headquarters. He thinks it may scare him to wake him in the future, and he could become dangerous. It would be safer to wake him in a controlled environment made to look like the 40s, and slowly introduce him to the idea of the future.”
Tony could only too easily imagine himself sequestered on a planet, dying of some drug-related poison, begging his father for bail or for help and receiving silence in return.
Part of it is the fact that he’s dying. Every day feels slightly worse. He’s getting weaker, he’s getting tired, and he can feel all the strings inside him slowly starting to be cut, one by one, like a puppet about to fall. There’s something strangely comforting about doing something as low-stakes as teaching Steve how to play modern board games while also doing something as important as teaching Steve about the modern world. It’s low effort but matters, and it’s – it’s calming.
Steve has no idea how to unlock them, but he actually ends up feeling slightly bad – thanks a lot, conscience – so he ends up just keeping it to strictly
He’s being looked at like he’s a puzzle, and Tony finds himself fiddling with some knob on the warp core. He hopes it isn’t important.
Which Tony would say was pathetic, except Tony had watched him do it, so he really doesn’t have a leg to stand on there.
“You’re a selfish asshole,” Tony says. He shakes his head in feigned disappointment, with his real emotion of wanting to break down in tears of frustration and helplessness being pushed down down down deep. “You’ve taken away the dignity of
“Easy, there, Captain,” Coulson says. His voice is soft and steady, and maybe he had a point when he told Tony to let him do all the talking and to shut his mouth unless necessary.
His heart pounds. A perfectly engineered fighter, a eugenically formed soldier, a killer, a fully trained military Captain, a galaxy explorer – happy to watch something small for no reason at all, simply because Tony asked. The contradiction of it makes him feel soft.
Something in Tony winces, and he hopes it doesn’t come out on his face. “Amazingly enough, that’s not really a compliment,” he says, trying to keep his tone light.
After Steve approved access, Tony would head into the bay, dismantle the weapon, and meet Steve and Clint back in the shuttle.
Steve looks interested, but they’re basically at the tower, and Tony’s not fabulous at giving layman’s descriptions, so he just asks Happy to pull up in front of the sidewalk.
He startles Tony, in all honesty. It’s difficult to sneak up on him, given his enhanced senses, but he was focused in his head on an equation, and he supposes Steve is enhanced as well – perhaps he can quiet his steps.
War never does conclude, in the end. There’s no denouement. It goes on and on, a never-ending game of chess, king arming pawn versus king arming pawn.
“Commander Romanoff,” he barks. She twists in the Captain’s chair, clearly slightly alarmed, but she frowns at his tone.
“Okay,” Tony says, spinning around to face Steve. “I think I was going to take you through 1990s music videos?”
He normally would, probably. He’s never related well to others and playing nice has never been a skill he’s listed on a resume. People are boring. Spending every waking moment with one person just trying to get to know someone?
“Okay?” He scratches his head.  “Did you take it? I hope you took it. You could take their money for slipping them false secrets about me. Like I drink orange juice daily or am planning to bomb Russia or I painted the Iron Man suit green for Earth Day, or something.”
Tony tries to join a tech club at a neighboring college but ends up kind of commandeering the entire meeting and spends the entire night afterwards feeling guilty.
When Tony was thirty-one, before he was captured, after he was a billionaire, after he was the top weapons distributor in the galaxy, after he made a media appearance that was broadcast to seventy-two different planets, after he had visited 661 planets, after being named the most successful man in the galaxy by
Steve’s emotions – calmer, now, but still laced with anxiety and adrenaline – are clouding Tony’s mind, and he can’t cut through to think of a single excuse.
Tony’s heart is beating like a fucking drum at a Cleveland Indians game. His left arm is actually shaking, and he can feel some of the shock starting to slide off.
He is led to a frankly astoundingly large crop of something or other – grass-like, tall, with a bulbous ending, and a clear pollination method in the middle of the stem. They sway in the sweet air, and, at first, there seems to be nothing out of the ordinary.
Tony would wonder too, if the galaxy’s largest weapon distributor and multi-planet galaxy, billboard star was reduced to this. Asked for this.
Steve’s nostrils flare, and Tony finds himself rubbing his eyes. “Look – we can and will probably argue about this till the end of my days. So, whatever. Let’s table it and start it again after Jeopardy. You ever going to tell me where you went today?”
But apparently that was an unfounded assumption, because, he learns that if he asks, Tony always says yes.
“When we were looking for a solution for your – problem, we found some old files of Howards. Thought you might want to take a look.”
The first several steps went without a hitch, to everybody’s mild surprise. Clint was all but absent on the comms, Steve was curt, and Coulson was present but silent.
“Yes, probably,” Tony interrupts. “All the commandos are gone, your whole neighborhood is now gentrified and for sure driven out any stragglers. Peggy Carter is still around, but her mind is going. I visit her about once a year, try to, she was around when I was a kid, but she doesn’t recognize me most times anymore. I can look up anyone else you care about, but yes, they’re probably all dead.”
It’s like at the two-week mark, the crisis mode ended for everyone else, and there became an expectation, unspoken but palpable, that he’s going to be Okay now. Which is interesting, because just yesterday he found out that his favorite brand of soda was discontinued and punched a hole straight through the wall and then three hours later broke two plates for not fitting into the dishwasher. And he can feel Tony’s patience starting to wane, the background disapproval and confusion that he’s not Alright, or not Getting Better.
The game ends with them losing all their shit and being virtually demolished by the computer team, which figures for how their lives are going now.
There’s something off with Tony’s tone, but Steve can’t place it. Though it doesn’t seem quite right, he’s fairly certain it’s probably just curiosity. There doesn’t seem to be a single mystery on this planet that Tony isn’t interested in.
Tony doesn’t know what he’s going to say – dear Lord, he hopes it’s not something vaguely homophobic – but he does know he doesn’t want to hear anything that’s going to make this not happen, so he just leans forward, and goes for it.
(Tony had turned off the PADD around 5AM ship-time, watching as the specs on the Veneer blinked out.
He got a squawk in response, but no lifted leg, and he wondered what that meant in terms of their relationship.
“I, uh, I.” He looks uncomfortable, shifting his weight twice before continuing. “I suppose what with the human blood, I wasn’t expecting the ears.”
He’s still pissed, even if a lot of it is for form’s sake – and hey, Steve isn’t exactly seeking him out, either – but he’s really edging further into ‘lonely’ than ‘angry,’ so he finds himself walking into the kitchen during Steve’s regular lunchtime.
The plan is fairly simple – Steve and he will dock on the shuttle in their bay, where Clint will wait as look out and for quick departure. Steve will lead Tony to the weapons bay and leave him there. Steve will find his own way to the bridge. When he arrives at the bridge, Tony would press the button on the weapon’s bay door, requesting access inside.
"Commander Stark,” the intercom crackles. “Would you please come to my quarters? I have business to discuss with you.”
Tony speaks rapidly, strings of words mashing into each other, and it takes Steve a second to digest what in there is really asking for his comment.
Steve comes back from the bathroom and settles back down onto the couch. He gives Tony a smile, and says, “Start again?”
Steve grinds his feet in the dirt, stands with his shoulders back and chin up, and refuses to move. He’s more stubborn than a mule, and Tony’s met some asses in his day.
Tony vaguely remembers hearing about the ship being found several years ago, and one of the people causing a ruckus on another starship. “And they made him Captain?”
“We’re a matching set,” Tony says, grinning. He drops the crowbar with a clang. “I know all too much about myself.”
Tony doesn’t skimp on his tech, so the bass is pounding. He can feel the reverberation in his skull, in his bones, in his fingers, in his heart. The room is shaking a little, and Steve goes to cover his ears. Tony grabs his hands away and pulls them down, and Steve lets him.
“You’re too much of an army drone to ever come back into civilian life. This isn’t about not getting used to the 21
“A gift,” the alien explains. “A thank you for stopping the plague from the grand council. Consider this an open invitation to come back whenever you please.”
How calming to know that no matter what he’s done, no matter what’s happening to him, there’s millions and millions and billions and trillions of
Earth had contracted many different planets and species for inputs, and it did not go to waste – Star Base 2 was beautiful and impressive, with each cell containing a different recreational activity for traveling space explorers.
He, unthinkingly and uncaring about the answer, asks Steve what color was most popular for men’s suits back in the 40s.
“You’re crinkling those,” Tony says, nodding to where Steve’s still clutching Howard’s files, which Tony pulls out of his hands.
And so Steve keeps wandering down this path, completely oblivious to where it leads, letting himself pay attention to everything about Tony, fitting in the physical details with what he already knew about Tony’s personality, finally having an image in his head of a full, complete person. And he doesn’t question his motives, doesn’t question the effects, not even once.
“Indeed.” Tony nods. Someone on his right begins to immediately move, and, with a quick glance, he realizes its Bruce.
“I have been thinking lately that maybe I should look at getting a job,” Steve says, and Tony moves to shut down the computer – this is probably going to be a long conversation. He leans back in his chair, spinning slightly, and gives his full attention over.
Two days ago, Tony had walked in on him sketching. It wasn’t anything he was putting a lot of thought or emotion into, at least not consciously, but when Tony came in the room and perched on the back of the couch, he felt himself folding it closer to his chest on instinct.
“Did they?” Tony shoots him an offended look, and Steve puts up his hands. “Okay, sorry, dumb question. But what is it?”
” One wrong person overhearing, and it’s in the press. All Tony’s work to die in peace, all his work to not have people clamoring to try to get in his will – all gone. Poof. “And it was
He does, racing down the corridors, flinging himself around corners at JARVIS’s direction, and up he goes and –
Someplace, deep inside, he knows he should be giving Tony more of his attention, trying to follow him, trying to make a friend in him, trying to know him.
“Gonna close the distance, Mister America?” Tony asks. He hopes Steve can’t tell how hard his heart is beating in his chest.
Most days, he barely has a handle on his own state of mind and spirit. His physical state has been deteriorating since he came of age – refusal to bow to his physical need to meditate out of a stubborn conviction that not participating in the ritual would make him less Vulcan, self-medicating with off-brand medications and hard liquor from a number of planets, a broken and torn sternum that Obadiah permanently damaged from improper discharge of the arc reactor three days after he came back from the kidnapping.
“God, see? This is what I’m talking about!” Tony lowers his hand and waves them desperately at Steve. “You think it’s your fault. Everything is my fault and everyone around me are the ones who feel bad about it. And this shouldn’t even be
He misses breakfast, and before he knows it, Steve has come down the stairs looking for him. He’s glad he’s made it to the couch and off the floor, because that’s a pathetic he doesn’t really want to reach.
“Of course we do,” Tony interrupts smoothly. “For the record. And accurate paperwork. Please,” he flourishes with his hands. “Continue.”
“No. It was for the Klingons, supposedly supposed to be just a scare tactic against a Romulan army squadron stationed on a planet.” He never knew it would spread – he never knew it would leave that particular planet. He never thought it would be used, in reality – a scare tactic, and at worst a destroyer of soldiers, not civilians.
Tony puts a hand on the table, waits a moment, then breaks out into an uncontrollable laughter that almost puts him on the ground.
“Generally,” Natasha inputs, as Tony internally tries to put his thoughts in a numbered order so he can reply, “Tony can touch you, but don’t touch him back without permission or a long-standing relationship.”
“Captain Rogers broke it in half and threw it at Mr. Vanko’s head, sir. I believe it is currently wedged three feet deep into the south wall, underneath the painting of Venice.”
Despite the fact he doesn’t really want to, there isn’t really any reason not to, so he lets JARVIS guide him down a flight of stairs and into a kitchen that is easily twice the size of his apartment growing up.
The false-cheer expression Tony’s been holding finally slips, and Steve sees the tired, defeated face finally show itself.
Steve stops, watching helplessly as Tony flies up and up and up, the drones a swarm behind him, maybe forty, maybe more.
When gains control and looks up – 3.4 seconds later – he comes to the realization that the pain, the pulse, was Steve’s emotions leaking through the bond.
He’s seated in front of the space heater he made out of spare parts in the middle of the night. He likes the armor, but not enough to sleep in it.
He can hear Coulson begin barking orders of some sort at the crew, and he hears the tell-tale beep that tells him he was switched to a private channel. It’s Steve, and he’s resolute. “Tony – you will find a way out.”
“No, it’s fine, you didn’t know. He just – we were best friends. We joined the eugenics program together, to help the war effort, but it didn’t change us in the same way. He didn’t change all for the better. It wasn’t easy. I spent a lot of time during the war regretting going through the process due to what it did to him. We saved a lot of people – but, at the time, I would have given it all up to just have him back to normal. Looking back – I’m not sure if I feel the same way or not.” Steve frowns. “There’s probably a lesson there.”
“Right,” Steve says, shaking his head like he’s clearing it. He takes a deep breath, and nods to himself, then looks right at Tony – and Tony’s starting to get a bad feeling about this. “I came in here to give you the flowers and ask—ask.” He grits his teeth. “Ask—”
He also hears ‘Stark Phone’ and wonders if Tony makes those little things he was poking on. It’d explain why he hasn’t seemed to set it down since Steve’s met him. He wants to ask, but doesn’t feel like he can interrupt.
Tony jumps off his chair and hurries over to her, effectively cutting off and standing between her and Steve.
Tony feels a heavy weight of someone staring at him. He looks up and sees Steve, which is unsurprising, given they’re the only people in the back.
Two months to the day, Tony finds himself sitting on the couch, working on his tablet for some new R&D adventure, when he feels Steve tap Tony's foot that is currently sitting in his lap.
(After all, as Tony later found out, it was his father’s choice to choose a human bride in an attempt to create better relations between Vulcan and Earth so Starfleet would choose Stark Industries as their photon torpedo contractor. The fact that it didn’t work wasn’t Starfleet’s fault.
Everything has halted. Distantly, he hears himself reply, “Stark is the Vulcan name. S and ends with K, fairly generic. Tony’s the human part.”
“Okay. You're staying. But, hey, maybe we could send a butterfly back? And then like, one of us could go into the future and see what’s changed. Just think of the science on a
She hesitates, one hand on the ship comm, clearly slightly confused. Then, after a moment, the look shifts to something oddly soft, and Tony’s not sure, but it feels like sympathy.
take you months? Facebook algorithims are faster at facial recognition. And you really couldn’t figure out how to make it identify the Iron Man armor without me getting out?”
When he rises, the first action Tony always takes is to check the mission log for the morning. He knows something must have come in overnight; he can never sleep through the singular orange blink his PADD always displays when one is logged.
“Natasha,” he pleads. “You wouldn’t know he was in danger without me. I can help. I can find him, I can – I can help.”
Steve gets with the program quickly, opening up to him and letting Tony take the lead, which he does, pressing in and harder for a good three seconds, and hating himself for it, before putting a lasso on himself and pulling back, releasing Steve’s lips.
at the guards. He did this like—” Clint karate-chops the air. “And then this like—” He kicks his leg up as far it can go, which is to say, table height. “And then, bam, pow—”
“Why not before?” he asks, thinking of his mother and her pale, dying skin, so easily saved by modern medicine.
“Hm,” Tony says, and brings his fingers to his chin, stroking it like a James Bond villain. Actually, he would make a
Tony resists the urge to throw a napkin at him. He is not – will not be – that anal. “I’m sure they’re all the same.”
“Anyway,” Tony continues, oblivious to Steve’s mental shifting. “I shut that down last year. We’re exclusively in technology and renewable energy. It’s going splendidly, if I do say so myself, which I do, because I designed it all. Anyway, I was CEO for a long time, now I’m not. Also got a bit of a superhero job on the side.”
Steve points, and sure enough, the tortonia has lost the middle of its left legs. Tony stands from his crouch. “Please keep an eye on it. I’ll be back.”
“Look, I know a little something about wanting to be dead, Steve!” Tony shouts, and that actually takes Steve aback. “Almost did it a few times. I know what it’s like to wish you’d never been born or been saved. But the only, and I do mean only, good things I’ve ever done, the only good legacy I’ll leave, are things I did after those moments. After wanting to die, not wanting to make it out, after flirting so much with death I was basically at third base with it! If I had died, the company, the stopping the weapons, Iron Man, you – none of it would have happened. If I can’t go back to the start, I’d rather go to the end, however bitter. And you will cheat yourself of the opportunity to have that in your future. Of that moment when you realize it’s better, that
Coulson is too good to look fully annoyed, but there’s definitely some type of gleam in his eye. “You didn’t have to come. I seem to remember saying it was a courtesy call.”
Steve snorts. “I showed my strength instead of spoke my mind.” He laughs slightly to himself. “You know, even back then, people trusted me without knowing me. Gave me missions, gave me rank, made me a poster boy for the war effort. Truth is, I never was all that good of a soldier. Never really took orders. Just kinda did what I thought was right. It just so happened that what I thought was right aligned with their positions, at the time. I became a symbol I never really deserved.”
He’s caught up in his own thoughts, purposefully drowning out the extra input his senses constantly throw at him, that he almost misses the question.
“You could become a fireman,” Tony suggests, ignoring the way the compliment made his insides squirm slightly. He sits up tall, spinning the chair. “Save kittens, run into danger head first. Etc. And so on.”
“Come on,” Tony says, gesturing towards the door. Steve follows him out and waits the few seconds for the Iron Man armor to assemble.
He was joking, of course – his early days of pleasure planets and love of tropical climates is well documented by the media, and it was bound to arise in any search of him. To his surprise, Steve colors.
“At what, that SHIELD wants eyes on me? They’ve had eyes on me since before Afghanistan, and definitely after. It’s no surprise. I’m more surprised with my disappearance they haven’t had some agent come and try to infiltrate my lab to watch me. I mean, other than you.”
To Tony’s credit, he doesn’t miss a beat. He turns, looks Steve dead in the eye, and says, “Therapy is a good place to start.”
He’s still standing there, even though that seems like a decent time for a change of subject or to bid adieu, but he’s not moving, just awkwardly in Tony’s space. The bond radiates discomfort, and Tony – recluse, rude Tony – cannot find it in himself to let him feel distress.
She pulls back and sniffles, and runs a hand over her eyes. “Where’s Steve?” she asks. “I want to yell at him to take care of you better.”
True, usually he was stuck on the scratchy sheets and in the bed that made him feel shorter than even he was, rather than the guest chair.
“I’ll get angry about it again next time we have a fight,” Tony quips, and Steve rolls his eyes. “Granted I’m alive for us to fight again.”
Tony nods. “I know weapons of war.” He turns to Coulson. “I know weapons. He knows the ship. If he can get me around it, I can deactivate it.”
“Yep!” Tony says, all false cheer. He stands, and, stupefied, Steve watches as Tony clasps his hands together, rubbing them, and says, “I am estimating maybe about another month. I’m leaving you the Tower, so housing shouldn’t be an issue, if you were worried about that.”
She goes on to explain an intricate, painstaking process that includes cleaning the painting with q-tips dipped in a chemical solution purposefully curated for this sole purpose, to only eliminate dirt and not interact with the paint. After the cleaning, the painting is removed from the frame, and all dirt from the back is brushed away. Any parts damaged are repaired by sewing strings of linen in, literally thread by thread, until the canvas is repaired. After, the painting is retouched with original paint, millimeter by painstaking millimeter.
“No, actually, not today. This is actually a well thought out decision. Sort of. It was a little spur of the moment, but my best decisions are.” She’s still staring at him, and Tony rolls his eyes, and steps forward. He takes Pepper’s hands and looks her in the eye. “Pepper, I’ve been thinking about quitting for months now. I don’t care about it anymore. You’re the only one with the experience and who I trust enough to do this.”
“You know what’s rather dumb? When Ronan started his monologue, I got rather annoyed because – because before beaming back up, I had wanted to go back outside to their garden. It had started raining when I was inside, and I haven’t seen any rain since the 21
“I read about you. The second half Vulcan/half human in Starfleet’s history.” Rogers nods once, and Tony watches, secretly stunned. “Well, you have an excellent example to take from.”
Tony is familiar with the feeling of helplessness and how it is often accompanied by the feeling of desperately needing to be useful. He knows himself well enough that both are about to come in spades in the following months.
“You need to stop living in the past. I’m a futurist, and there’s nothing that’s going to come out of you just treading water. Sink or swim. And I am
Tony’s actually in the creation stage, now. The machine looks a little bit like an incubator. “What?”
"Tony," Coulson had interrupted. "I meant that it wasn't your responsibility to make a better uniform."
?” Tony responds without thinking, slightly hurt at the assumption. Steve straightens, eyes wide, and Tony realizes his mistake. “Wait, no—”
When he found out about the t’hy’la bond, one of his first actions was contacting T’Prynn. The conversation had been 1 minute, 21 seconds long. When Tony had filled out the Starfleet forms for change of relationship status, he didn’t think twice about quickly jotting down a
He thinks of Pepper standing on the foot of Mount Seleya, and her honest reverence when she said, “It’s beautiful.”
He spent most of the night staring out the penthouse window, just watching. From all the way up in the tower, it’s almost hard to tell it’s a place of which he is totally ignorant. The buildings, the lights, the busy streets – it’s all familiar. But everything is just slightly off, like one of those ‘find what’s weird about this picture’ portions of newspapers, where it all looks fine at a glance, but the closer you look, the more you find wrong.
Coulson looks like he's making to leave, but hesitates. “Stark, I did want you to know, we are extending every resource into trying to solve this for you.”
off Tony, and then be so righteously annoyed with him that when Tony dies he’s secretly a little relieved. What the hell.
“You were a weapons manufacturer for galactic wars,” Steve answers promptly. He’s staring at Tony, unnervingly intent. “Your whole company was based on the idea of having an apolitical manufacturer. You would make anything for anyone, if the price was right. You inherited it from your father, but five years in, opened up other divisions. You personally spearheaded a robotics and computer software division with an exclusive contract to Starfleet, which angered your investors, and your company suffered revenue loss. Shortly after, you were taken hostage by a Romulan extremist group and tortured for an unspecified reason. When you were released, you shut down the weapon’s sector of the company permanently and quit, joining Starfleet less than a week after you built your own ship to escape from captivity, where you’ve now been serving for the past three years.”
Steve laughs, but it doesn’t seem to be from humor. He rubs his eye, hard enough that it looks like it may hurt, and Tony watches, perplexed by Steve’s mood.
Tony is fairly certain he has given more thought to how and when he was going to die than most people.
It’s nothing big. He answers right, has the right quips, does all the normal stuff. Steve wouldn’t even notice anything was off if he didn’t know Tony so well, if he wasn’t completely attuned to Tony, having subconsciously catalogued his version of normal every day, every hour, for the past months.
Obadiah had been standing by his side. Tony had ignored the perfunctory “I grieve with thee,” but found it hard to ignore the continuing stream of snide comments about when he’d take over the family’s weapon manufacturing business.
“Oh, that’s right.” Tony’s been leaning his head on his chin, eyes growing steadily wider as he dictates notes to JARVIS the further Steve gets without stopping. He sits up now, though, and grimaces. “Pepper is my personal assistant. She has every reason to be very mad at me this morning, so brace yourself.”
The car stops in front of a non-descript warehouse-looking building out in the outskirts of Greenwich village.
“I know the feeling.” He kisses Steve’s temple, just because he can. “But no. It’s you. And it’s only ever going to be you.”
But more importantly, he was insatiably curious about what was going on with Captain America’s body.
“Dropped the spatula?” Tony finishes, though that’s not what Steve was trying to explain. Tony picks it up out of the pan. “It’s fine, we’ll just make them scrambled.”
“I don’t know what to say to you,” Tony admits. Choices, possibilities, flip in front of his eyes, like a computer showing files, and Tony goes through, through, through them.
When it is all said and done, and Tony is rendezvousing with Steve to beam back, he finds himself walking towards a smaller version of one of the aliens, one he saw gathered within the council when he first beamed down. They beckon him over with a curl of their bottom hand. Tony ambles over, silently remembering an enthusiastic drunken babble Bruce once gave about how gestures were so similar over different planets and galaxies and cultures and,
“Okay, but that’s not a plan—Tony!” Steve exclaims, watching in dull horror as Tony blasts through the fence with a repulsor. “You shouldn’t give away our position!”
“Your pouring skills are revolting,” he tells Tony, over two hours and about nine conversations later, grinning wide.
He doesn’t get a straight answer about the arc reactor (he keeps getting redirected to a SI press release), but he does get a laundry list of technological advancements, a staggering amount of academic achievements, a surprisingly absent list of girlfriends, and more and more and more that has Steve blinking in surprise.
“Rhodey!” Tony jumps forward, vaulting the couch, and also spilling all the blueberries, to pull Rhodey into a hug. “Hey man. What are you doing here?”
Medbay is almost completely empty, sans a young ensign receiving a booster hypo-spray and a nurse taking inventory of their chemical stock in the back.
They’re close to each other - less than a foot, and Steve is struck, not for the first time, by how familiar Tony’s eyes are. There’s so much behind them, so unhappy, and Steve wishes he could just grab and just - just hold on.
“I did not ask you to do that,” Steve replies, not stopping. Sweat is starting to obscure his vision.
Punching things while thinking nothing is better than sitting in silence while thinking nothing, though Steve could be damned to say why.
He wouldn’t call his past self exactly a Captain America fanboy. But that’s mostly because he dislikes the term fanboy, because the term is too corny to properly capture his innocent enthusiastic hero-worship of what he
He blinks awake, raising his head from where it was resting uncomfortably on the chair arm, and sits straight up. Abruptly, a cold feeling trickles through his fingers, and he realizes whoever was holding his hand had dropped it immediately.
“So you didn’t tell—” Steve cuts himself off, and runs a hand through his hair. It spikes slightly in the back. “Look, I may be wildly off base here, and if I am, please tell me, and I’ll never mention it again, I promise. I just, I can’t do this anymore, with you, it’s—”
Plan B is giving up on life plan, which has him ignoring Tony, refusing to see anyone else, refusing to make plans in the future, and not leaving the tower since he got there.
On day thirty-three, Steve brings Tony up to the top of the tower to watch the sunset. “The air is cleaner,” Steve says, when Tony asks if there’s anything different about New York from up on high. “But that—” he points to the sun going underneath the city, the reds, the purples, the dark blue taking over. “That’s still the same, even now.”
He’s latched on, like a lamprey or something equally suction-y and gross, and, when he bottom lines it for himself, he really doesn’t think he can let himself let go.
“Wow,” he says, right as Tony as finishing the explanation of the stored data banks of languages and cultural norms that the HUD can display, helping fix diplomacy errors in real time. “It’s inventions like that that make me remember I really have time traveled to the future.”
Tony, oblivious to his internal stress, decides to make a list of what words and slang to drop and what some more modern sayings mean – Steve has no idea if it’s comprehensive, but he’s definitely glad his brain got sharper with serum, because good God, he’s going to sound like a moron probably a hundred times even with it – when he starts to feel himself actually losing it, just a little.
There’s a woman who is entering his lab – really, Pepper, you had to give her the access code – who Tony doesn’t recognize. She’s pretty, like,
“Nothing.” Steve shakes his head, and Tony looks back down at his tablet. “I guess it’s just nice to hear people are in love.”
The suits are still his magnum opus, even if he hasn’t touched them in months. He doesn’t know why, exactly – he can say he’s been distracted by Steve, and yeah, maybe, but it’s a lie to say that’s all it is. It’s more than that, like he’s afraid the poison in him will also infect them. That he’ll use all that power for something he shouldn’t.
The machine beeps and Tony turns, taking a plate of food out of it. Steve goes to ask, but Tony apparently anticipates him, because he says, “I should give you a pointing tour of modern day kitchens, probably, hm? That’s the fridge, keeps things cold, plugged into the wall so you don’t have to do anything to keep it cold. Yay, no ice boxes. Top of it is the freezer. Again, self-regulating, yay no ice boxes. Then we got the toaster. You put bread of various sorts in it and it gets – toasted. Is there another word for that? No matter. Then the microwaves,” he says, pointing to what was spinning. “Heats food faster than a stove. The stove you should know, same with oven. Dishwasher over there, it washes dishes, yay for well named items. Coffee maker, smoothie maker, I think that’s a food processer which cuts food and which has probably never been used. It’d take forever to show you how to use any of this, so just ask JARVIS if you need help and can’t figure it out. Though you should try yourself first and see if you can figure it out. These are all Stark products and you’re the perfect product tester for our UI given your lack of, you know, knowledge. Okay, ready to eat?”
Steve leans forward and pats him on the knee. “You’re a smart man – you figure it out.” He stands and stretches, and his back makes an audible pop. He lowers his arms, and the smile slowly trickles out of his face. “Well, I should probably head off to bed.”
He looks beyond the console, where the window to the outside is, but is stopped short by a small knock against the interior door.
Humans are psi-null, by default. They cannot feel telepathic influence or connections unless those with higher ratings force it. Captain Rogers would not be able to sense the bond, of Tony’s ability to feel the small pulses of emotion emanating from him, of his access to Tony’s own brain and state with just a little training.
People have never been Steve’s forte even when he’s in his best environment. Back in Brooklyn, he can remember school boys beating him up in alleys and girls ignoring him as he tries to get their attention during dates. In bootcamp, he can remember boys hazing him and spitting at him when he couldn’t keep up. When he was Captain America, he never knew how to handle women’s attention properly – wanted or not. He wasn’t even particularly good at relating to the men he lead, once he became a
“He’s not awake,” Coulson answers, shaking his head. “He’s in a medically induced coma. The nurse says she thinks there’s brain function. And now that he’s warmed—” Coulson shakes his head again. “In her expert opinion, she thinks he’ll be okay. It’s the strangest goddamn thing.”
He still isn’t particularly in the eating or enjoying mood, and Tony’s been staring at him like he’s a bug under a microscope the further along he gets, but Steve also doesn’t seem to ever get full, so he’s through plate eleven with he jumps slightly from JARVIS’s voice.
“Well, what do you think? Should I have gone for it, experienced it with her? Died knowing? Or was I right to wait until I was sure death was off the table to try for a relationship?”
“They’re ugly now. And by that, I mean the basic cars that everyone has. There’s some great expensive ones, just wait and see my garage, it’s like a zoo for hundred thousand-dollar beauties, but the 1940s and earlier cars were just cooler in design. That’s gonna be a disappointment.”
But he’s most of the way through his whiskey, his list is up on his computer screen, and there’s an invite to a Stark Expo in a few months that has been on his desk all day, and he’s had to ask himself the honest question if he’s going to be alive to see it in order to reply positively, and everyone has their threshold for how many harsh realities they can face in a day, and Tony doesn’t want to even come close to touching his limit.
“I need to hear it from my superior officer.” He refuses to let tears cloud his vision – if he’s going to die, he’s going to die with clear eyes.
“I wasn’t asking you to kiss me to kiss men, Tony,” Steve says slowly. “I was asking you to kiss me for – I meant it as a first of many.”
“Yeah, it looks good,” he says. Tony glares at him a little, and he wishes, for once, he could know what to say to someone.
“I also didn’t tell you I made the fungus in the first place.” Steve’s face blanks in surprise. “What of it? Do you need my full biography before we go on any mission?”
“Didn’t you want to try kissing me?” Tony asks. He’s backed up to his desk and finds himself leaning on it, hoping it makes him look calm and collected, instead of needing support, which is the actual truth.
Vulcans are known for strength of mind due to strong control and constant vigilance and resilience. However, that control and vigilance are only necessary because Vulcans have a weakness of overly strong emotions.
Tony slaps him on the back, obviously making to leave, but Steve grabs his wrist and holds him in place.
It’s been almost an hour, though, and he’s considering getting inside the armor to watch some TV on the HUD, when Steve’s eyes blink open.
Steve's so pleasant to be around. He's quiet to Tony's brash, thoughtful to Tony's thoughtless, kind to Tony's barbs, opinionated to Tony's flippancy, the artist to Tony's scientist, the shield to Tony's sword.
Tall – really tall. Blonde hair all pushed to one side. Wide, slumped shoulders. Gold uniform that fits just a little too snug. Eyes, kind eyes, wide in panic and fear. Perfect teeth. Spine as straight as his metaphorical one. Hands, calloused fingers. A world-weary smile.
Tony, a little bewildered and mostly still half-asleep, doesn’t really take that for the signal it obviously is that Steve wants something, and instead walks forward, and tries to elbow him out of the way.
– he’s really trying not to confuse Steve, okay – when Steve stands and tells the nice volunteer lady who has been in the corner staring at the Picasso on the wall like she’s an art major that they want to adopt the cat that Tony’s been touching.
“Basic bitch, I like it,” Tony says, then rolls his eyes at whatever face Steve is pulling. “No offense meant. It’s a saying.”
Tony skids to a halt by him, and, upon being closer, he can see a welt on his head and a gaping, bleeding flesh wound in his abdomen. Immediately, Tony covers the bleeding with one hand, pressing down hard.
after his absence. He could run the city on reactor technology, but there’s other things to think about – phones, cars, appliances. And even more – third world countries and community outreach. He’d love to have a better charity guide left in his absence. He trusts Pepper to do it, but it’d be helpful if she had something clear to do.
And worse – when he started letting himself feel, letting himself be human – even then, he couldn’t purge his genes. His Vulcanism had everything feeling so much stronger, so much more overwhelming, so much
With an internal grimace towards himself, Tony activates the Iron Man suit. Protection – not enough, not nearly enough – but it may make the final moments slightly more bearable. JARVIS is installed; he won’t have to die alone.
(His placement on any star-class ship was an unacceptable risk to Starfleet – a potential scandal, a media circus, a threat to their credibility as an institution.
“Eco-terrorism.” The bond blanks. “Biological warfare. You didn’t read my full background, did you?”
“Okay,” Clint says, looking around.  “The mission report said that Steve would beam down into the meeting chamber. That must be this.”
“Tony,” Steve starts carefully. “You’ve given me someone to talk to about all my problems. Let me return the favor.”
Tony gets high, high enough that they’re specks, and suddenly everything is falling – everything, all the drones, like lead weight, and the Iron Man armor, going down, down, down.
When he hits boarding school, it occurs to him he might not want to live forever. His father’s cold, calculating disappointment, his inability to relate to any of his peers, his long, empty days spent playing alone in big, sterile conference rooms – if that was a vision into the future, the cold reality of life, then he wasn’t particularly interested.
“No,” Tony answers immediately. “You will live it, whether you like it or not. You’ll thank me one day.”
He springs into action, running towards an end of the roof, building up momentum, and chucks his shield at one passing overhead. It hits its target, and the drone falls like a brick. Steve runs after it, grabbing the shield out of its broken body with a metal screech, and throws it at another.
“It’ll be in a controlled environment. Just me and you, in the lab, my bar with the finest selection. Thor would stand guard, he’s already agreed. Be at a Thursday, middle of the month, 2pm – statistically the least likely time that we’re called out for Avengers business.”
“Don’t you have an alpha shift tomorrow?” Tony takes the seat across from him, and mirrors Steve’s position, one leg under. “That’s only three hours from now.”
Natasha trades an uneasy glance with Janet, the science officer on duty, but it’s Vision who speaks.
“And it’s probably coming up soon. And you need a forewarning so you can – I don’t know, emotionally prepare. You’ve already lost a lot of people.” Tony frowns down at his lap, probably avoiding Steve’s gaze, and Steve still feels like he has missed the final step on the stairs, that lurching feeling of falling, but he hasn’t hit the ground.
It takes some time for Tony to realize this – though, in retrospect, not as much as he may have thought it would if he had thought about any of this before suggesting it. It probably would have taken him longer to know Steve if he had anything else to devote his attention, but with his utter concentration, he gets there.
They’re well into making another list, a very long list, of potential things to do and try, when Tony says he has to leave to take care of something.
Steve thinks he’s probably missing context for that to make sense, though it sounds vaguely familiar.
On the emotional side, he’s so goddamn lonely that he spent two hours lying in bed, feeling his heart beat, and the black hole inside his head start to expand and quake. He gets up to find Roomba, who was sleeping on the couch, and he couldn't quite bring himself to wake her, so he had headed to the kitchen, hoping to wait her out. Cats are awake at night, right?
“The drones looked like throw away schematics of the Mark II,” Steve inputs. Tony’s faceplate snaps over to him, but he’s watching Hammer’s scowl deepen, and he feels a righteous bit of satisfaction. “Maybe a couple of years ago that would have been state of the art, but it just seems behind the times now.”
It takes a few days, but Tony’s leaning against a wall inside a medical room, bare except for the necessities, with Coulson sitting in a chair at the bed, both of them staring at a slowly breathing Steve Rogers.
amused, and could see Natasha hiding behind the slaver’s house, looking like she didn’t know what to do—”
“I told myself it was a passing thing, that it would go away. It usually does. Or I can ignore it. But I can’t. I can’t, and I never couldn’t understand why it just, it
“Just – it’s not a good idea to get close to me. And I don’t mean that in the bullshit way people say that when they’re trying to sound cool, I actually mean that it’s a genuinely bad idea. In about a year, I’m…”
“I know, Tony,” Rhodey says, digging his elbow into his stomach. “Why on Earth anyone thought you’d be the best person to house someone is beyond me.”
Since Steve walked in, in his head Tony’s been systematically going down the list of every person Steve knows, crossing names off the list, and he’s come to the conclusion it’s someone he doesn’t know, someone sick at a hospital, or someone gave them to Steve and he doesn’t want to seem rude.
He probably doesn’t look impressed enough to Tony’s standards, mostly because he really isn’t sure what it can do, nor does he know what is impressive by today’s standards, so Tony shows him a lot of grainy footage of him blowing up terrorist cells.
“What do you want to do with him?” Steve asks. He’s still holding him down, and Tony wonders slightly if his hand is cramping.
“No? Guess that’s something. This whole, what,” his hands float in the air. “Endeavor was about, about you. Trying to do right about you. But in the end, it was about me. Trying to make me feel better. This whole thing has been a slow-moving wreck. Watch as the poor little rich boy tries desperately to give you what he can’t manage to give himself.”
The vision Steve has had of Peggy’s future morphs and reshapes – the very slow, but tangible progress for women that Peggy scraped and fought for; Peggy's triumphant face when SHIELD allows female agents; Peggy smiling at Gabe; children playing; Peggy’s laugh as she receives her promotion; posing for her portrait in SHIELD headquarters; shaking her head at Howard with her hand in Tony’s; patting a young, blonde niece on the head; watching Cheers with her head on Gabe’s shoulder; her clapping extra hard as Sharon’s badge is pinned for the first time – and this vision stays.
“Probably not, Captain. But you’re a national hero. SHIELD would be happy to put you up somewhere while we teach you about modern life.”
Tony raises his head from where it was buried in an engineering manual – he only had so much long-term memory, it was pointless to fill it with information that could easily be accessed from a PADD – to see Captain Rogers standing in front of him, a tray of terran food in his hand, and a small grimace on his face.
There isn’t actually that much to see here. Wooden dock, some ducks, a couple cars, a couple boats, water, the skyline. It’s definitely no downtown area. But still – there’s no way there’s not discrepancies.
He can feel the bond pulse through his mental shield. A Vulcan bond, a mental bond, a bond he would not sacrifice for his life.
On the fourth night after Steve’s-not-avoiding-me-and-causing-me-to-have-a-mental-breakdown-alone-in-my-room, Tony’s struggling to sleep once again. He gives up after about twenty minutes and makes his way down to the kitchen, hoping that maybe some tea or something will help. When he enters, he almost stops and turns around.
“Uh huh,” Tony responds, distracted. He’s heading towards a table towards the back of the room, covered in boxes. Steve follows him back.
“Tony,” she says once. “It’s not that I’m not glad to see you out of the limelight. I’m just worried about you. This isn’t normal. All I want is for you to be okay.”
He knows he’s sort of freaking out the team, a little. He came into the gym the other day, a smile wide on his face, and he realizes he’s sort of skipping towards Natasha by the look on her face when he reaches her.
“Okay,” Steve agrees instantly. He’s been reading about therapy when he got to the PTSD stuff – it seems reasonable, that there’s people trained to help guide thoughts. “And what else?”
“Expend your worry on something important.” He puts a hand on her shoulder. “Like how to run a Fortune 1 company.”
“Sir,” JARVIS interrupts his internal monologue. “I do find myself curious about the heartbeat in the next room.”
Steve’s down there with him, looking at the simulations and giving pointers. Tony’s been taking footage of him training in the gym and using that as his prediction algorithm, but it doesn’t hurt to have an untrained eye.
He throws his shield at another, making sure the angle is right that it will ricochet back instead of go flying off the building.
If a psychologist ever heard that one, and what age he first thought it, they might be shocked into silence. But he hasn’t seen one, so he doesn’t know.
“I’m curious, actually, Tony. Did you think that you would tell me that and I would – I don’t know. Just say, ah, okay. That’s a shame. And then just – what, let it go? Wait for you to die?”
“No. It felt like a dream. My therapist says it’s disassociation, where the brain can’t make sense of what its seeing, so it tries to create a barrier between what you think is real and what you are perceiving.” Tony turns, and Steve is frowning. “I think that’s what she said, anyway.”
, the Holodeck, the Simulatornator – for when he pitched it to Starfleet, but there was bound to be bugs in the first several (hundred) versions.
bit brash, and this conversation is probably going to take extreme diplomacy and decorum to explain properly. Tony made an equally valid counter point that his family funded the expedition and he was the one to return the body and
“Oh, I guess I wasn’t being clear,” Tony says, and pulls on an extremely fake smile that he’s probably trying to pass off as casual. “My ol’ ticker is gonna go. Or, I guess, my ol’ ticker is poisoning my blood with palladium and
A shadow passes over Steve’s face, and it takes a moment for Tony to identify it as embarrassment. “You don’t have to. And it doesn’t have to be right now. It’s just an art exhibit featuring some of Earth’s famous art pieces. You had said a few weeks ago that you always wished you knew a little more Earth history.” He shrugs, clearly still a little uncomfortable. “It features restored paintings. There’s some chemistry involved. I thought it might interest you.”
Later, Tony will wonder: t’hy’la bonds indicate mental compatibility. How could a war profiteer be harmonious with someone like that?
“Oh shit,” Steve swears softly. Tony looks back at him, obviously startled. “Sorry, I just – I didn’t think about the war. I’d still have to fight it if I went back before Bucky, huh?”
Tony shuts his eyes. Steve feels the utterly overwhelming compulsion to hug him – so he does just that, pulling him forward, and placing Tony’s head on his shoulder.
And they haven’t actually had a friendly conversation yet that went beyond ‘Hi, what’s your name, here’s a laundry list of shit you don’t know.’
But he’s not a better person. He knows that. He made an oath to try, staring into the face of a terrified but resolute Andorian – “Don’t waste it, Stark. Don’t waste your life. Don’t waste it.” – but ever since stepping off the turbolift and into the arms of Rhodey, he knew, no matter what, it would never be enough.
The unease shifts to panic, and he begins to sprint down the hallways to the bridge. His own anxiety is slowly being subsumed by rage, and by the time the doors open to the bridge, he’s almost shaking with anger and fear.
“Steve,” JARVIS says, interrupting his list making. “Sir requests your presence in the workshop. He needs some of your health information in order to create the machine.”
She’s obviously searching for something not offensive, so he just finishes it for her. “If I still don’t want anything to do with the company and want to continue my self-imposed hermit lifestyle inside my multi-million-dollar tower and lab?”
They’re facing each other – maybe five feet apart – mirroring each other with stances of feet apart and arms crossed, and it feels kind of like the stand-off before an old-west gun shootout.
Tables are broken, glasses are shattered, the door has a large hole through the center, as if someone clawed their way through it, a window is blown out, and only around eleven of the twenty-nine people that were supposed to be in attendance are visible. Tony assumes – hopes – the others were able to escape.
