Jack slowly shook his head. He didn't want to believe it.
"What...what did you do?"
Sam didn't want to believe either. "This can't be happening."
"We're surrendering. We're giving up."
He smirked at the boys before disappearing from their sight.
"This...This...This is why you're my favorites. You know, for the first time, I have no idea what happens next. Is this where you kill me? I mean, I could never think of an ending where I lose. But this, after everything I've done to you...to die at the hands of Sam Winchester...of Dean Winchester, the ultimate killer...it's kind of glorious."
"It's not his power anymore." Jack said back.
Their arms and Dean's leg were broken. But they kept on fighting. They got knocked down again and again, and still fought.
"Yeah, no. I mean I appreciate the white flag, but frankly, it's too little, too late. I'm kind of enjoying this show now."
"Sam we can-"
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jack looked outside, down at his hands for a second, and then back outside.
Cas felt like something wasn't right. (Besides him being in bed with Dean.) Something was very wrong.
Dean took out his phone and texted Sam.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Long enough." The Empty grumbled. "When your little nephilim boy exploded he woke everyone up.
"I hope so. He's been in there a long time. Oh, why don't you ask him yourself."
Dean approached Jack.
The chapter title is a reference to Crowley saying "Maybe you should try plan D, for dumbass."
Then they went inside the car as Chuck scrambled to stand up.
"It wasn't Billie, it was Chuck."
"Just wondering."
"How long have I been here?"
"It makes sense bud. Although I don't know what we could do with it. If you can gain power by taking energy from others then there isn't much that we
Dean stumbled through the bunker. He felt like shit. His cheeks were stained with tears. His clothes were all tattered and his heart ached.
It was hiding at a gas station that the boys weren't too far away from. So Chuck decided to introduce them to the pup.
Sam wanted a punch for the road. And  when he did puch Chuck, he broke his hand.
He should've gotten rid of three fourths of all creatures a long time ago.
Dean frowned. "No."
The whole town gave out a very eerie feeling and the bar was no exception.
"Dean?"
He appeared seconds later in front of Sam and Dean. The latter of which was leaning on his car.
There was nothing left. He knew that he needed to stay strong for Sam. For Jack.
Sam was going to say more but something outside caught his attention. It took a moment for Dean to see what Sam was staring at.
Thankfully, since Amara was far more experienced with power she told him what he was feeling.
Sam pulled out his phone and started calling people.
Then a fight ensued. Chuck started pounding on them. With each punch, Sam and Dean got bloodier and bloodier.
Dean tells Sam and Jack about Cas' sacrifice.
Chuck was watching when Dean's angel was taken. He'd been happy to see the angel finally go.
Lights shot up into the sky. But nothing else happened. The spell failed.
That's when he remenbered. Death banging on the door. Dean's fearful look. I love you. And darkness.
"It is, Sam. I think everyone's gone."
Cas stood up and took out his angel blade. "Who are you?"
I almost forgot to post this chapter lol.
Jack was looking out the window watching the scenery pass by. When he absorbed Chuck's power, he also absorbed Amara who,  like him, was quiet during the whole ride.
"And, you two. You know, eternal suffering sounds good on paper, but as a viewing experience, it's just kind of...eh. So we're done here. I'm canceling your show."
I mean, they've lied to probably everyone that they've ever met. And that includes God!
"Do you know how hard it is to get millions of demons and angels to sleep? There are still several million awake. But I'm done. It's going to be earth's problem now."
Jack had stood up and was walking towards the door. But that wasn't what they were looking at. What they were looking at was the plant that Jack had been leaning on was decaying, and so were the other plants he was passing by.
"And, listen, I appreciate the heads-up about all this." Said Chuck.
And he did. He saved so many lives throughout his lifetime. He helped scared adults, comforted terrified kids and teens, and swaddled crying babies.
"Cute." Chuck forced them on their knees. They groaned and gasped. And right before Chuck poofed them, he decided against it. "Eh, what the heck. I can get my hands dirty."
Unfortunately, for him, the boys had requested to talk with him. So, he begrudgingly stood up and fixed his jacket.
Okay. Deep breaths Castiel. Good. Alright. Damn he's beautiful. Shit. Focus.
"We'll give you what you want." Sam answered.
"It's the ending where you grow old, you get sick and you just die."
The dog sniffed at Dean's hand and let himself be pet.
"Oh, uh, right. I was just. Where are we doing here?"
It was a quiet ride back to the bunker. After the fight Jack unpoofed everyone and sent the hunters to the bunker, he also sent Sam so he could explain some things to them.
With the flick of his wrist Chuck sent Sam and Dean flying to the ground. He did the same to Jack.
"Why are you smiling?"
"Whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Look at you. Hey, wow. How did Chuck miss you?" Dean chuckled. "Whoever thought finding a dog would feel like a miracle. Come on, Miracle. Come here."
You guys ever noticed how good Sam and Dean are at lying?
The only time an angel would sleep is. When they went to the Empty.
Sam and Dean shared a look.
"I couldn't save anybody. Billie-"
Dean yawned and checked the time on his phone. "We live here, duh."
"Yeah. But I'm tired, Jack. I've been doing this for almost four decades. All I want is..."
"Alright, Chuck. You win." Dean said moving from his car.
Chuck had to admit; watching Sam, Dean, and the nephilim all alone in this vast world was much more entertaining than the billions of people, animals, and monsters that he could barely keep track of.
Miracle whined.
There was something blocking his memories. Something wanted to keep him there.
"I'm dead." Cas muttered.
Chuck smiled to himself as he pulled the lever of his game and won again. He could do this forever.
"Sorry, Chuck."
When I first started this I had a vague idea of what I wanted to do. It was just going to be about 4 chapters long(give or take) Now it's gonna be kind of like the format of a whole season!
He's really gone.
"His power," Sam whispered to Jack, "you sure it won't come back?"
"See for yourself." Sam tossed the God book in front of Chuck.
(See the end of the chapter for
---------------------------------------‐-------‐--------------------------
They set down the bowl, put the ingredients together, and tossed a match in.
His heart broke even more when the dog was poofed out of existence. He looked up and locked eyes with Chuck. He looked pissed.
"Because. You lose." Sam gestured behind Chuck and laughed some more.
"That's not my fault. If you hadn't tried taking Jack from Heaven then I wouln't have made the deal with you. And--"
After about nine hours of driving, no pit stops, Dean parked next to a building in Hastings, Minnesota.
Because Cas loved him.
(See the end of the chapter for
After Chuck fell to the ground, Jack snapped his fingers and healed Sam and Dean. They both walked up and looked down on the all powerless Chuck who was cowering.
, could it?
Dean mumbled about needing more alcohol while Sam nodded.
And I still haven't slept." With venom in their voice; they looked just about ready to pull out their own hair. And Cas's hair.
Sam didn’t mean to read what was on the screen. He really, genuinely didn’t.
like that.”
Cas to answer.
It’s dark, as black as that night on the twisty road in the snow, and Dean comes to the disquieting realization that he is in actual danger of getting lost, which rarely happens to him. The back roads just keep morphing into one another. The city lights aren’t visible anymore. He glances at Cas, who, though almost completely in shadow, seems unperturbed, perhaps not yet sensing Dean’s slight unease, his growing anxiety.
We’re both getting our asses out of here, or I’m not leaving at all.”
A song comes on, which, he will later learn, is called “Love Missile F1-11”. It starts out just like any other of those weird, robotic synth songs, but then it gets into this
If that’s not some new
Sam’s mouth opens a few times, nothing coming out. “What the hell, you passed out and thought he—he just called you on the
And Sam has really had it when he breathes out, angry, “That’s what Dad would say.” Something in Sam’s expression shutters to Dean, which rarely happens, even when they’re at each other’s throats. “Dean, you’re acting like Dad. You know that, right?”
“Huh. Didn’t really expect that to work, but cool.” Goddamn it, back to the jokes.
Not much to look at but the pastel-painted cinderblock wall of the motel in front of him and the chain-link fence running along a row of overgrown bushes behind him.
Sam is very calm. Despite his gentle cooperation, it makes Dean self-conscious, makes Dean start to doubt.
strolls in and says, “
And damn it, Dean realizes, he left his Coke outside. There’s a dollar-fifty he’ll never see again.
It’s slow, and it’s easy, until it isn’t—and maybe hearing that sound is what tips him over into cold second-guesses and doubt. A twinge of that old, familiar fear manages to muscle its way in, that ugly beast that lives at the back of Dean’s mind and tells him,
"What kind of trouble?"
Sputnik sat primly by his heel, staring at everyone as if daring them to insult her bows or sparkly purple polish and Dean ate until his stomach felt distended then watched Castiel take down a piece of coconut cake and a chocolate malt.
Ellen swatted her on the back of the head.
“Any water spirits eat peoples eyeballs?”
“You had a stroke while you were trying to kill that demon… A massive stroke.”
“I’m not going to ask nicely again… Say ‘yes’—or I’ll let him bleed to death,” He lifts his hand, ohsogently toward Sam and clicks his fingers.
Dean finished with his teeth, knotted his tie and took the dog out into the grassy patch at the edge of the parking lot so she could do her business and kicked some leftover snow over it because the idea of bagging doggie poop was disgusting and they left quickly enough that he hoped nobody had noticed.
0-0-0
Sam settles himself, wipes moisture from his eyes and shakes his head to clear it. “I am.”
He PUSHES OUT with his grace, burns as much of the taint away as he can but knows that it will eventually grow back. It always grows back.
He wanted someone to tell him it was going to be OK, but more than that, he wanted to believe it. He wanted to FEEL like things could be OK again because right now nothing felt OK, nothing had in a long LONG while.
It’s dark now, his eye must have fallen shut, “Red.”
He paused, shook his head and hunched a little closer, pushed his fingers into the soil and felt around for the fragile little roots, felt something like static cling jumping between them and his fingers, felt a gentle easing of tension in his core he hadn’t even known was there.
In his mind he reached forward gently for that bubble—that wall in his memories. He was expecting to find its seemingly impenetrable barrier, bloated and moving with the contained events, instead there was nothing.
“Then explain to me how that frame looks brand spankin’ new.”
Dean pushed his brother’s hands down and he heard the safety click on as Sam eased it back into the holster at the small of his back. He turned and noticed another man—taller, broader in shoulder and waist with a shining bald head standing by the window. “Him, I don’t know.”
“I had a stroke, how am I up and walkin’ around? I was dying.”
“That’s fine.”
Castiel looked up from the other bed and squinted in confusion. “Why are you laughing?”
for me, Dean… Why—why would you think you don’t deserve to be saved?”
It’s him… I know it’s him. I KNOW IT’S HIM!
Each chain is interconnected, spliced on bloody rings with skulls pushed onto it like macabre beads. The hook in his side stretches out for miles and into someone else, each one leads out into the blackness and connects to another soul. Every time one of the other souls move, breathe or cry out, it pulls a little deeper. He can feel the vibration of motion and voice through them, like spider webbing pulled absolutely taut. He feels like a fly and every so often he can see spiders crawling closer.
That it seems is just the beginning of their troubles.
Even Sputnik seemed unsympathetic as she was grumbling about the puppies who had begun whining and yipping hungrily. She gave Dean a damning look and huffed as she settled down for her litter.
Sam presses his lips together tightly and doesn’t speak right away, waits until his brother has settled in his seat, body angled away and hunched defensively; “Anything that could make you feel like THAT, Dean? I’d say is pretty damn real… I mean, I know you’ve had fantasies before, everyone does, but fantasies don’t affect people like this. And before you say it, no amount of djinn poison can make emotions STICK like this. It was REAL to you,” He glances toward Dean and away again; “You can lie to me and lie to yourself all you want but it
Sam didn’t say anything.
“I’ve been here twenty years and until this summer nothing weird like this ever happened. It’s like all the craziness we’ve managed to avoid over the decades is coming back at us tenfold.”
“Dunno,” Dean eases up the steps himself and opens the door. The dog runs in excitedly, nose to the ground and starts running back and forth sniffing things, tail wagging.
Shaw takes the bullets in reverent hands when Sam presents them. Stares at them with one brow crooked up; “How do I know you all aren’t tryin to pull the wool over my eyes with this bullshit?”
Dean leaned his shoulder against the door jamb; “You want the long version or the short version?”
“What are you?” His voice was thin, grating—slurred.
“If you say ‘let me explain’, Sam, I’m—“ His breath shakes and he has to clamp his teeth together to stop the crack from reaching his voice, swallows and meets his brother’s eyes again; “I mean Jesus Christ, Sam… What the hell was that? Who is She and what are you two doing here?”
“No.”
Dean can see his breath and the dog is scratching at the bathroom door, he turns to look and notices she’s not even in the room—the door has shut and she’s out there making a racket and—
“You look like you’ve got a flagpole up your ass.”
“Ew— Dude!“
Sam tried not to watch as Dean carefully untangled himself from the blankets, pushed them down like a cave around his lap and just stared for a few minutes with his jaw clenched and his nostrils flared, breathing slow and deliberate.
“Starving.”
“She needs to be stopped— She’s killing people. This is our JOB, it’s what we do, remember? We hunt things and save people.”
He washes his face, presses cold wet palms into his skin tries to squash the visions from the back of his eyes. Stares at his reflection and doesn’t know who he’s looking at.
“Hmmm?” Sam’s lying there on his stomach with his arms tucked up under his pillow. There’s a sawed off by his other side and an extra bag of salt to reinforce the line Dean insisted go all the way around the room.
“But if it’s not him—“
Dean drops back, lets his knee relax and ducks under the blade, grabs Bobby’s wrist but doesn’t get out of the way fast enough for the rabbit punch to the face—
Dean looked for a moment insulted… then horrified. His gaze went to the outfield and he stood there over Castiel, looking at him but not seeing. Lost in his head.
Castiel, for the most part didn’t seem alarmed until the tentacles wrapped around his neck and Dean skidded to a stop beside him and started prying at the rubbery ropes of muscle cursing and shouting for help; “It’s gonna strangle him!”
“You believe I’ve sat here beside you day after day and watched you flagellate yourself for something that wasn’t your fault because I’m indifferent?” He seemed to expand himself threateningly and LOOM over Dean even though he hadn’t moved an inch;
“Because of YOU…”
“Dean,” Sam tried to remain calm, to counteract the shouting match he could feel brewing, but Dean and Jo were already locking talons.
“Mutant oil eel?”
There was a soft knock at the door and when Dean looked up he thought it was the girl in the green sweater again, but instead it was Destiny holding Sputnik’s lead. “I think she tired herself out,” She came into the room leading Sputnik and handed the lead over. She hesitated, bit her lip and spoke quickly; “I know it’s difficult, really I do… But talking about it does help… So, if you change your mind, Sam’s got a chair for you, and he saved the last jelly doughnut. He said you liked those best.”
Dean swallowed a soft tension in his throat and tightened his jaw, unsure exactly what was happening.
The last one off the boat stumbles, looks around with wide blue eyes. He’s not dressed like the other soldiers. He’s wearing muddy, tattered jeans, boots that look too new, a white button down, blue tie, and a blazer. His expression is shocked—and he shouts in a deep voice; “SAM WINCHESTER!”
Castiel finds them about thirty minutes later. Dean can feel him lingering at the tree line behind him, chances a glance over his shoulder and is stunned not to see the angel standing there staring at him. He can FEEL him though, that same electric tingle under his skin and pressure in his chest.
Gabriel was only half aware of what was going on, curled up like a caterpillar with his head pillowed on his folded left arm.
But it did nothing save singe the cord a little and burn Castiel’s non-physical hands. They would ache for days.
Ruby’s face twists and so does the one she’s stolen, she SNEERS at Dean and there is genuine disgust in her voice; “I didn’t bring him here, YOU did! He followed you from the girl’s house!”
“Where’s the knife?” Ruby’s eyes are wide, almost panicked.
Dean nods, doesn’t move his face out of the cushion until Sam pulls him up with one hand under his head and the other around his shoulders and Bobby’s pushing the water glass between his shaking hands and holding up crackers one by one in front of his face until he takes them and presses their corners between his lips.
Castiel was quiet for a moment, his expression blank as he searched his vessel’s brain, found no indication of a food allergy and replied in kind.
“Cas?”
The angel looks like he pities him again, or envies his ignorance; “Three days ago, you thought there was no such thing as me… You thought I was impersonating a fantasy you created while a gluttonous djinn waited to feed on you.”
“Yeah, but they’ve got similar killing style. They eat the eyes and have the same fifth appendage on their tails. Even cry like babies to attract prey. I know how to kill them, but I don’t know if it’ll work on your Ahuizotl.”
Chad cackled.
Really weird.
0-0-0
Dean called Sam, sat on the curb beside the Impala with his head in his hand and said words he didn’t think he would ever have to say;
“That doesn’t mean you gotta make it bleed again,” He rubs his face, shakes his head and refocuses on the road.
Alistair is elbows deep in his chest cavity when it happens and Dean has screamed himself mute. Only gasping little grunts of breath left when his abdominal muscles and diaphragm convulse and force the sounds out.
It was a sound theory, at least to hear it. What if he could do that? He could conceivably arm every hunter they knew with something that could kill demons; “Only one problem with that.”
He inhales deeply and lets it out, considers his options and steals one of the cars parked in the lot. Hotwires it, fills it with gas and just drives. Lets his hands shake on the steering wheel.  His ears are still roaring and he finds himself making a hollow high noise in the back of his throat to compensate for it, trying to find that exact pitch and frequency because maybe then it’ll jog whatever memory is hiding away beneath that pustule in his head and he’ll remember where he’s heard it before, he’ll remember where that handprint came from and figure out a way to kill the thing that did it.
“I want someone who can take those souls right where I want them. Or, in case of emergency—take him home where the Winchesters and their broken angel can’t find him,” Crowley motioned with the tilt of his chin, fingertips pressed delicately together.
Castiel looks at him and speaks; “We need to talk, Dean.”
He pulled away, hoped it wasn’t so much of a lurch and seemed more gentle than what he feared had happened. He put a hand up, fingers splayed and waved it between them; “Yeah, I—I need some air,” A smile that felt more like a showing of teeth.
Where’s Sputnik? What’s going on? What happened?
Sam inhales deeply and lets it out. “I can’t leave, Dean… Not if I have a chance of stopping her.”
Rufus pulled over a chair and sat; “He’ll get over it.”
He curled his fingers in the dirt, ground his teeth and PUSHED.
“Dean?”
Sam cocks his arm back and throws the ball and the dog is gone—ZOOM like a fucking fighter jet! Little legs pumping so fast she doesn’t even seem to touch the ground.
Dean pulled the trigger again, smoked out a second demon and turned to stare at the body hanging by its wrists from the ceiling, slowly choking to death on its own brain tissue, nose twisted and torn half off his face, teeth crushed out, skull cracked and dented in irreversibly.
“I played baseball as a kid—wasn’t ever gonna be a career, but it was fun while it lasted. You?”
SPUTNIK, NO!”
Sam snuffed and took another drink, followed Bobby with his eyes as the older man limped in and went for the coffee pot, settled himself gingerly into a chair across from Castiel and let Ellen take a look at the cut on his cheekbone.
It rang two more times before there was an answer.
Dean shakes his head, rubs at the raw swollen feeling around his eyes; “Cas, man, you can’t even mojo yourself into putting on pants the right way, how the hell do you think you’re gonna find God?”
Stupid angel. Stupid Dean for being so fucking worried when all it got him was a harsh attitude. And still, he thought a crabby angel was an improvement to the silent apathetic one. At least he’d not carved up his arms that morning to repaint the sigils on the walls. Bobby’d had to stitch the last one and if Castiel was going to be stuck like this indefinitely, the last thing they needed was someone catching sight of the marks on his skin and thinking he was suicidal.
Bobby was in the garage, had Sam’s Prius in one of the bays and was practically inverted under the steering wheel messing with cables, Sam was parked not far away with a map like schematic spread over his lap staring at it as if it had been written in Russian.
Castiel shook his head; “Not me… You,” He turned and walked back to the house.
The man nods, shrugs out of his coat, loosens his tie and toes off his shoes, turns his back to the Winchesters and rolls under the blankets.
He listens to the bodies slam into the floor and walls and the table and the scurry of Anna’s little feet as she hurries over and drops to her knees beside him.
0-0-0
Jo stretched and hummed, grinning; “Ohio.”
Everything went quiet.
“No, you didn't,” Cas said, eyes closed, chin in his hand. He looked half asleep, even if he replied to conversation normally.
“You OK?”
Sam and Sera talk, she shows them into her office—She’s got fucking posters of the books on her walls and Dean stares at them with an expression of concentrated nausea on his face.
Sam sat up with him, kept a hand on the back of Dean’s neck while he struggled to remember how to breathe and neither one of them had drifted back off.
“Stop what?”
Dean squints; “What, that’s it?”
He felt violated. Felt shaky and sick and HURT that this had happened.
Sam rapped his knuckles on the tabletop; “It could be him… Anything between Ilchester and there?”
Dean’s skin crawled as he climbed out of the car and stared at it, in his head all he could see was the mess of twenty-fourteen and he wanted to grab something and destroy it.
It’s probably the closest to an actual grin Dean’s gotten in a long time. He rolls his head on his neck and eyes Castiel. “Cas, you can’t kid a kidder.”
The light makes Dean look too pale, almost corpse like, but he shuffles in after Sam and drops his bag on his bed then stands there staring at the cigarette burns on the comforters.
He inhaled deeply and turned his face skyward. “I guess not.”
“There’s demonic activity alright, but I’ve got no clue what they’re trying to prove making a bunch of feral cats jump under truck tires.”
“Yeah, actually.”
Sorry it's late, I had to work longer than normal. Halloween aproach'eth.
“He’ll get me… D-don’t let him get me.”
Young Dean smiled wide; “I got one, wanna see?” And he pushed his little hand into his chest, like he was reaching into a mud puddle after an escaped frog and pulled out—
He FELT it more than he felt it. Kind of like there was a thread hooked into his grace and was pulling it. He felt momentarily unhinged from the ground, seasick because he couldn’t equate his physical bearings with what the grace was telling him. His body didn’t know how to translate it so instead it messed with his equilibrium.
There was a note beside his car keys, brief, in Dean’s narrow script;
“How much do you know?” Dean keeps a tight hold on the dog’s lead, keeps her at arm’s length because he plans to get right up in Chuck’s face and he doesn’t want Sputnik to bite him and possibly become infected by whatever he is.
“You made an exception for me.”
He throws the ball and reaches for his phone, laughs as he depresses the button; “How the hell did you get him to have elevator sex with you, huh? Guy’s a hard nut to crack—“ He laughs at his own pun.
The GPS put Sam’s location within a hundred meters of a hotel in Pontiac… The Astoria. It was a five story brick building with a vintage neon sign outside. Bobby looked on edge, almost nervous, he kept his hands curled into loose fists at his sides and ducked into the lobby when Dean held the door open with a low rumble of annoyance.
“Anger… He’s getting pretty defensive if you try to help him with anything. I don’t know if it’s cabin fever, or if he’s pissy because he doesn’t feel good. And when he talks it’s always really direct, like he’s trying to shock us into silence.”
Sam cleared his throat; “Is she OK?”
“It was the seventies.”
Dean looks up, lifts his chin for a punch and closes his eyes, accepts it but when it doesn’t fall he opens his eyes to ask for it—sees Anna standing there over him, between them with her arms spread like wings.
The car came from nowhere, engine roaring and Dean saw the impact, saw her little body bend to the side unnaturally in a shower of molasses colored fluid and broken glass. Then she—the car, everything exploded—tore the very fabric of reality around her, and let DARKNESS pour in.
“A job?”
“Thank you Mister Spell,” He took the paper back and put it atop the napkin dispenser. “We need a case, like NOW.”
“And,” She takes a deep breath and slides her hand forward over Dean’s knee and up his inner thigh; “I need to touch something our mystery monster touched—“
Maybe this is it. Maybe this is Dean accepting what Sam had said in Bobby’s Panic Room, this is Dean trying to trust. Asking Sam to watch his back, just for one night, because he’s so scared and hurt he can’t.
“N-no,” Sara paled and took a deep breath, her eyes started watering; “Not really… But two days later, after I’d talked to the police and they’d left, just after the sun went down, the power and phones went out… then the dog started acting funny again, he hid under the bed and was whining and shaking—peed all over the floor and Jason started crying. Really crying. I’ve never heard him make noises like that before… Then the knocking started. Knock on the door, then shake the knob… Knock louder and shake harder. I asked ‘Who is it?’ but there wasn’t an answer,” She swallowed as if nauseated, “S-so I looked out the hole and there was—there was this terrible face. Like a china doll, all smooth and wrong with big—big orange eyes.”
He lifted his chin, smug, and crouched to release Sputnik from her vest and lead. Sam rolled past into the den and plugged up his portable concentrator, turned on the stationary and heaved himself onto the couch, sprawling with a pillow under his knees and his arms crossed over his chest. He was quiet, pensive almost, in a way Dean dismissed as fatigue, so he ignored him.
It popped.
Fear that their roles could have been reversed.
Sam almost choked. “You think that kid was possessed?”
Castiel’s expressions on Dean’s face looked slightly absurd, but even more disturbing was the fact that he could see Dean there too—writhing in agony just beneath the surface, like transparent images overlapping.
Sorry for the wait! Here's a whopper of a chapter!
0-0-0
“I don't know what you want me to say.”
Empty—
“Just focus on the case, Sam. This is a good case. An AWESOME case. Dead vic with a gnawed-on neck?” He bares his teeth and gestures to his throat; “Body drained of blood—AND a witness that swears up and down it was a vampire.”
Other than for Gas, Dean didn’t stop again until they were well into Indiana and the rain was still pounding down. He found himself faced with two choices, ones he’d never truly considered before. One, there was a motel beside a truck stop with spluttering neon and a blinking ‘vacancy’ sign, or, according to the sign by the highway, there was a ‘Micro Lodge’ nine miles to the north-west.
Dean looked at him and away, had to fight with himself to pull his gaze back to the angel. He shook his head. Every angel Dean had seen, other than Castiel, was naught but burning terrible brightness. When he looked at Castiel he saw everything. Saw a miracle shoved into the shape of a man and he had no idea how to articulate that so he just shook his head; “No.”
Ellen had grown up in the seventies, been a teenager when eating disorders were as common as acne and a hundred times as damaging. She hadn’t done it herself, she’d been happy with herself and happy with what her soon to be husband thought of her. But that wasn’t to say she didn’t know the signs, didn’t know what the bloody scratches on Dean’s wrists meant or the naked hurting NEED in his unfocused eyes.
“I feel ridiculous,” Dean let Sam dump more water over his hands and rubbed them together gingerly with some soap Susan had given them.
The air became static, chilled—Dean turned with his teeth grit and saw it happen. It wasn’t like watching an angel zap in and out, the reaper seemed to appear out of a shadow, not quite solid, and for a moment Dean could see its wings, fanned forward and sweeping back.
“I’m fine.”
“We don’t know. If they wanted them, why didn’t they just take all of them! Why only take some of them?”
“When what started?”
Dean snorts and motions to the file tucked under Sam’s arm; “What’d you dig up?”
“Castiel!” Jo lurches to her feet and scrambles over to him.
“Come on! He—He’s practically a
Castiel stands there quietly staring at the floor and waiting.
“I remade your body completely, as I had been instructed to. You came out of the ground in Pontiac whole and untouched, as heaven intended, but you have more than that. You have a choice…” He leaned in slowly and pressed his lips to Dean’s hairline. Completely innocent and given freely without any sort of expectation attached.
Update on Thursday.
There’s a ringing in his ears and Sam is standing a few feet away, one hand dabbing at his neck making sure there isn’t any blood, the other is out, palm exposed, unthreatening.
The old man flinched; “It was just a joke… I didn’t know it would really work.”
“We raised you out of Hell for OUR purposes—“
He isn’t sure why he expected it to be that easy, but this time he dodges the punch and pins the older man’s powerful arms; “I’m not a shape shifter!”
Dean looked at him, expression uncomfortable, and looked back to the road.
Dean could feel its intent building, could hear it in the deafening screams of the souls in its belly, like the shriek of the wind through a keyhole. Hundreds of voices all crying for mercy and finding none. The pressure of it was nearly crippling, but Dean pushed back against it, found something in his core, something bright and hopeful and he wrapped himself around it protectively. Became feral inside in an attempt to protect it.
Eileen was kind enough to give us some privacy and proceeded to Dean’s side.  She ran a hand from my mate’s forehead to his shoulder, and then laid a hand over the one that didn’t have medical equipment hooked to him. She was concerned, like she knew something I didn’t.
"Cas..." Dean's eyes misted for a moment before he had to blink them away. "Thank you, Castiel.  I accept your gift.  It's amazing, you'll have to teach me how you made this so fast.  I don't think I'll want to take it off."
"I'm going to come, Dean.  You're so gorgeous like this... all mine."
A glass of orange juice with a straw was placed in front of me.  I grimaced as Cas pleaded with me to try to eat or drink something.  I didn't even want coffee.  What I wanted was to curl up in a ball with Castiel in bed and block out any sunlight.  I slid the cup on the table to me and just leaned down for a few sips to please my Alpha before leaning back.
"Agreed, that would be perfect. Dean, please don't think this is some punishment.  I'm asking you to stay close for your safety.  If something were to happen to you...  I need to know you and Eileen are safe, and having Cas here on the rez for a time would ensure that.  I'm asking you as your brother, not as Pack Alpha. Will you do this for me?  Will you please stay close to home for now?"
I also couldn't help noticing he was a bit hunched as he left with Meg to the rez's waterfall for a swim, like his lower back was hurting.  He had kissed me deeply before heading out the door with Meg rolling her eyes behind him.
Castiel stood up after a moment, feeling slightly confused as he drained the tub.
"You're not wrong." Gabe muttered with an eye roll before the Alpha's returned.
I picked up my discarded coats and shoes, taking another look at Dean.  Could I bear to leave him even though I’d be right down the hall?  Eileen sat down in the chair beside my omega, looking all around at the monitors and then back to me.
Dean's vision was swimming now, he almost couldn't breathe.  He saw Missouri pull out two pill bottles and take a single pill from each before handing them over with a bottle of room-temperature water.
The question hung in the air for a moment before Zach said, "Dean, baby, if he doesn't like you, he's a damned fool.  I bet he will take one look at you and fall straight to his knees."
I set the empty juice bottle on the tray, then picked up the coffee mug while Cas sat beside me and fed me and himself. Once he couldn't eat anymore, he asked me to continue eating if I wanted. He kissed my head as he got up to get the brush and came back to sit behind me. I adjusted on the couch to be able to reach the tray with one hand while the other hugged the pillow as Cas started untangling my hair.
Hi guys, if you've stuck around this long for a new chapter, I seriously thank you.  I hope you are well, and that this update doesn't disappoint.
"Morning, sweetheart.  What time is it, anyway?"
I stood up straight and gestured for the Alpha to follow me away from my brother and sister's rooms.  Once we were downstairs by the kitchen, I made sure we had privacy before speaking again.
Castiel's inhale was good, right?  Oh God, he knew he wasn't the strongest Omega, but he wasn't scrawny either. The self-doubt came creeping in again as he took a step back.  Castiel wasn't having it and stepped with him.
Chuck is watching him, all gray eyes and fuzzy hair. Sam has to look away for a second so he can continue.
Sam fought to turn his head, found Dean hanging upside down, face purpling, eyes rolling as he fought for breath, clawing at his own throat. And Jo, lips pale and pressed unnaturally tight. Her jaw was working up and down, eyes wide, but she made no sound. Not even a whimper.
“You’re only doing that because you know I’m right.”
Dean focused on the tabletop. Pursed his lips and after a moment climbed to his feet; “I’m gonna go check out a few of Wallace’s haunts… You—“
Teeth gnawing in the dark. Screaming and twisted electric brightness like claws. Scratching-cuttingrippinghurting.
He stared at it for a moment then turned his gaze upward, could feel the energy of the rain and clouds and distant thunder. Could taste the faint hints of God’s energy in them. A remnant from the Beginning.
Okay, some explanation this chapter. First off, ‘The Solstice Moon’ mentioned in “Death Takes a Holiday” is in debate on the Superwiki. The timeline argues that the episode in question has to take place between December 19th and 22nd. Well, I cry bullshit because the ‘Solstice Moon’ is the full moon closest to but no more than three days before the actual solstice. I grew up on a farm, I know these things. The solstice moon can fall on the night of the solstice, but not before it by any more than three days. In 2008 the closest full moon on the calendar is the 14th of December, BUT, that’s more than three days before and therefore doesn’t count. The Solstice Moon would therefore have to fall on January Twelfth, which coincides with the date mentioned in Cole’s obituary AND accounts for the fact there are absolutely no Christmas decorations on any of the houses in what is likely a Christian predominated town.
Sam looked mildly nauseated and shook his head; “No… No, I’m good.”
Castiel had shuffled closer, had his head pressed to the pillow Dean had pulled to his chest, arm thrown over Dean’s waist, legs tangled under the blankets.
Dean called again, more forcefully; “Sputs, come on.”
for one and that’s a big difference. So, it’s no surprise really when Sam gets the silent treatment all the way to the state line for demanding that Dean give him the keys.
Dean shook his head, “I don’t do skiing.”
Castiel felt his brows draw down curiously; “I don’t know…” After a moment he hefted a deep breath and propped his jaw on his fist; “I’m not very good at hypotheticals.”
Dean lifted his hands and caught the angel’s wrists, bowed his chin to his chest and pulled in a shuddering breath. He found Castiel every night? How? Yeah, occasionally he dreamed about him—more than occasionally, in truth—but he’d never… had he? He’d never left his body and went LOOKING for Castiel, had he? That—that was just creepy. But, at the same time those dreams had felt so real. Random places with Castiel standing on street corners. Vague scenery, images that tingled in his mind with the hint of scent, taste and sensation.
He clicked off his pen light and folded the map away; “Dean, I… I know—“
0-0-0
Dean could feel the chilled static breeze of the reaper’s presence and gave a little shudder; “How many people did it kill?”
Dean yanks his hand back with a wince, rubs it on his shirt front in fear of sneeze droplets. Remembers from somewhere that a sneeze travels at close to sixty miles an hour and rolls his lips back from his teeth. “What the hell happened? Are you
“When you get sick you’re down for a couple days and yeah, you’ve had a fever before but that was—Jesus, Dean, your brain could have melted.”
Dean looks away, turns his head and focuses on the opposite wall with his jaw tight and his hands curled into defensive fists between them. Sam releases him slowly, watches how his brother curls in on himself, hunches his shoulders forward and wraps an arm around his stomach, the other is shaking, nails biting into his palms.
“Yeah. I know your lying expressions. I see them in the mirror every morning. Now what aren’t you telling us?”
“Not the kind we’re used to… and what farmer has his pry-bar consecrated, huh?”
It feels strange, for an angel to take lessons in morality from a human who until a year before, in human time, had been drunken, sopped in sex and theft and lies.
Dean blinked rapidly at the ceiling then turned to meet Castiel’s eyes; “Do you ever dream? I mean, I know you’ve been in my head a few times—maybe even Sputnik’s, but do you ever dream all on your own?”
“Bobby, you shoulda been lookin’ after him.”
Dean couldn’t help but chuckle; “Yeah.”
“Why? ‘Cause you can’t see yet? Bullshit, I’ve seen what you can do with that grace you’ve got. Bobby and Sam told me about the knives and the bullets. That is important stuff too, Dean. That is REALLY important stuff and you don’t need to be able to see to do it! You’re not broken! A little dinged up, yeah, but aren’t we all?”
“No, thanks, House—“ He hiccups and goes a little gray in the face.
Dean rubbed his neck warily but remained silent. His stomach ached. On one hand, he could feel the part of Jesse that wasn’t human, could see the black of him… But at the same time didn’t Sam also have something not-quite-human? Didn’t Sam have blackness too? Dean crossed his arms and wondered, not for the first time, what his own soul looked like. Did he have black mixed in with his own color? Did forty years in hell taint him? Did the edges of all the cracks and cuts and holes Alistair had made bleed like a starless smoke filled sky? Could he kill that kid knowing that he himself, may be darker than a child born of demon blood?
Then Sam says it. Just flat out, no warning SAYS IT.
Sam Winchester has reached his Point of no Return. He has found his lowest low and highest high, his weakness and strength and as much as Ruby had wished it were her, she was not surprised it turned out to be Dean. Sam and Dean had an abnormal obsession with one another, codependence was a pale and insufficient word considering how wrapped up in one another they were. But perhaps it was for the best. Sam would understand. He knew a taste of it already.
Ellen pressed her abdomen into the edge of the counter hard enough that she felt it grate against her pelvis. Turned and stared at the hallway, watched Dean’s shadow moving, stripping out of his stained shirt and disappearing down stairs to search for a clean one.
Zechariah’s brows pulled down and he turned his glare to Sam—and huffed out a laugh; “You didn’t actually think the Michael Sword was a REAL SWORD, did you?”
Bobby narrowed his eyes; “You mean the ones in the panic room—“
Someone’s shaking him.
The dog is dressed in a little vest and chewing on a tennis ball on a cushion in the corner and the world seems right with itself.
“Thank you,” Castiel’s shoulders sagged a little in relief.
“Him’ who?”
He knows without even seeing him who it is, knows even though the thrum of POWER is near nonexistent. He knows because Castiel just—Dean KNOWS him. Knows the feel of his borrowed skin and the pressure of Him and it is so strangely familiar and weird and Dean almost recoils from it because the familiarity is alien and he doesn’t know where it’s come from so he doesn’t trust it.
A few minutes later Bobby’s truck rumbled back into the yard.
“Jersey? What’s happening in Jersey?” Dean came out of the bathroom pulling on his shirt, took a moment to stuff it roughly into his slacks and zip up.
He’s GONE! I’ve counted everyone! He isn’t here! He was here yesterday and now he isn’t! HE’S GONE!
Ellen and Sam had been back for hours by the time Dean returned. The sun was dipping behind the trees and insects were filling the air with the flutter of wings and a cacophony of mating calls. The truck had dust on it but Dean seemed satisfied. He parked in the garage again, rolled up the windows and locked the doors. Came inside with a quiet look on his face, pensive in a way that usually meant trouble.
“I don’t KNOW, just—“
Her eyes narrow; “Is that a surprise?”
A two-story house was on fire and Dean’s heart caught in his throat. One of the firemen was holding a wide-eyed, pale little boy with soot smears on his face. Nobody else was on the lawn.
Jo nodded, “Can I drive the Impala?”
His back is ruined. Cut down to the bone. He’s folded up on himself—can see through one wound that reaches through his abdomen and out his back.
Dean turns away and pulls his mask back up, squints through the lenses of his safety-glasses and braces the sander as he continues working, lets his mind slip to nothing while he focuses on the lines of the truck.
Dean pulls his knees up and covers his face with his left hand while his right continues its scratching and Sputnik paws at him helplessly, only to be pushed away.
“There’s nothing to talk about.”
“I don’t care how much you dump in there, it ain’t gonna kill that stink,” Bobby pushed out of his chair and took the bag, tied it in a secure knot and put it outside on the porch then took a long moment to stare out toward his herb garden.
They chained her to a chair in Bobby’s study, under his ceiling trap and Sam bent over the couch to shake his brother awake. How Dean had slept through Shaw’s arrival he’ll never understand. Maybe it was a side-effect.
Castiel sighed; “He won’t tell them—And he won’t stop sending Bill Kingston to look in the mountains.”
“Where are they?” Bobby shook him; “Where are the boys? Dammit, if they’re dead just tell me—“
His knees give out first, then his ankles and he drops, wheezes, falls over and Dean is on him again, pushes the knife in slow just below the ribs, pophiss—tears it free and goes for the other side, slashes the abdomen, opens it up like a pillow and shoves his hand inininin—
Dean felt a cold weight in his stomach; “Are you going to take Cas?”
“These are good people, Cas. They deserve to live. They deserve to wake up tomorrow with the people they love not just fall over dead. It’s not their faults this happened… Can’t you just—just make a few exceptions?”
“Why do you want more on your plate, huh?”
He felt as if he were actually helping and it was the first time in a long time that he’d felt that way. It—it was a relief, a distraction. He was doing something constructive.
0-0-0
“Hypnotized?”
Dean blinked, looked down at the dog and back at the angel; “Did—did you just talk to—“
“God?” Bobby can’t help but roll his lip up at the thought of it. “You’re gonna find God?”
“Just that in my head my ‘perfect someone’ is a guy?”
“Dean, why does this scare you?”
“Hey,” Ellen stepped onto the porch, “What do you want me to do with the angel?”
At the last Dean tells himself that Sam will be fine without him. That it doesn’t matter. Sam’s tough, he’ll be fine. Dean tells himself that Hell isn’t going to be that bad. He’s lived through bad, lived through hurts and fear. It can’t be that bad. He’ll make it. He won’t become THAT. He—he won’t. He’s strong enough to resist. Hell won’t break him.
He thought it was a waste of time, he couldn’t see much of anything, but the longer he crouched there in the dirt and patted at the stubby little sprouts of herbs, finding where the deer had damaged them, the brighter the world around him became.
What had really happened when Castiel found him in hell?
They burn the watch and the phantom ticking stops… nobody dies. Then Sam spends the rest of the night in the emergency room getting rabies shots.
Dean knows the feeling well, wishes that doing it made things better, if it had he would have done it himself months ago.
“I just take solace in the fact that you’re still half asleep and won’t remember much of this conversation in the morning.”
The stranger shifted and pushed slowly to his feet, looked Dean’s body up and down and turned a pale, bearded face to Sam, jagged sharp fangs slipping back into hiding between his lips.
“Should I keep Rufus handy?”
Where’d it all gone? There was like—five pounds of… He hiccupped and turned to stare down at the mess in the floorboard and across the passenger seat.
Dean’s eyes locked on it, held… and relaxed when the figure stepped closer and Dean could focus, could make out Castiel’s features in the gloom.
Dean gave Jo a long look from the corner of his eye, could feel the tension of the room growing.
The demon cackled.
“Dean can take care of himself.”
“Its name, it’s whispering to me, warning me to turn back—“
Sam exhaled; “Okay… so—so you can Hulk Out… That—that’s pretty awesome actually.”
Sam gave the power cord a yank and Sputnik relaxed a little, thinking she’d killed the machine.
Dean looked away, down where his hands had found purchase on Castiel’s knees, let his head drop against the angel’s shoulder and couldn’t make himself move. He wanted this… so much, just wanted to feel SOMETHING—
TK couldn’t touch him, not really, but the impressions of him were still there.
Dean tried one of the stiff chairs for a while and let ‘The Land Before Time’ play for some kind of background noise, but wound up sitting against the wall beside Sputnik running his hand through her fur. Little voices in his head that sounded like his father were chanting about sissy support groups and weepy women and damned head shrinkers and Dean could feel the tension building in his chest, anger and bitterness he didn’t usually allow himself to indulge in. He had a tendency to defend his father’s choices, or the ideas behind them, even though the result hadn’t always ended pleasantly.
"My sweet, good boy.  So beautiful." Cas praised, wiping his hands off on the sheets before bending back down to kiss me.  He hummed against my lips, then pulled back enough to let me catch my breath.
Without much thought, I pulled the omega into my arms, hearing his gasp of surprise turn into a hum of pleasure as I sealed my lips over his.  I reached around Dean's lower back to gently knead the area with my fingertips, making Dean pull back with a wince evident on his face.
The sun had set while we'd been busy getting busy again, the only light in the room from Cas's phone. My stomach growled between us and I stifled a laugh on Cas's chest.
Castiel unbuttoned both our pants, and picked me up to push me back onto the dresser.  He pulled off my jeans and boxers, then shoved his own pants to the floor before stepping back in between my legs to grind into me and kiss me more.
Oh shit.
"No." was my immediate answer.  "Don't stop."
Before following Castiel out, I went over to my brother and sister, leaning over Eileen's knees to bring their clasped hands to my forehead.
"You honor me, indeed." Castiel chuckled and kissed Dean again.  He leaned forward until Dean understood to shift his legs and they laid back down as they were before, their bodies joined until Castiel's knot went down.
Dean nodded.  “I can see how she fell for you, at least.  Where does she stay?”
Dean blushed, “Thanks, buddy.”
Castiel full-out laughed this time and pulled Dean in for a hard kiss, using his tongue to taste the apple and orange zest of his mate.  Dean murmured the word yes over and over in between breaths.
Gabriel stepped in front of Lilith in a wordless attempt to stop her advance.  He turned back to us, clearing his throat.  “Lilith, I’d like you to meet Dean, our new Pack Mother.  Alpha Castiel has brought his mate back to see his new home.”
Without warning, Cas began to move.  His hips and balls lightly smacking into the back of Dean's thighs as he took him.  Dean positively whimpered and couldn't help pushing back to each thrust.  Pants and moans came from both men, lost in each other and what their bodies were made for.  Dean brought his head up and forward to rest on his hands.
Eileen pulled her head from my shoulder with a grimace and nodded with teeth bared. "Let's go." she agreed.
Dean inhaled a deep sigh and nodded his head. "I'd like to shower before I call him, though."
"And?"  Dean added flirtily and dared to smirk.  Cas turned his face toward him with a laugh.
Instead of asking what the hell I had done, he abruptly stood and made a beeline for me.  Without giving a chance to move, he put a hand on the back of my head as he always did; his gaze swept over me.
"No, their on a business trip until Thursday.  Is he alright?"
I pulled off my trench coat and hung it up before approaching my defensive mate.  He looked up at me, a green fire of possession burned inside Dean.  I dropped to my knees at his feet and directed my scent his way.
The tub was deep enough for Castiel to sit up with his back against the side, and long enough for Dean to lay out over top of his Alpha, facing him with his head high on his chest.
"Wha--?"
"Yes?  It's over?  Oh, thank Fenrir, that rogue is ridiculous."  my head jerked to Crowley and I tried to hear who was on the other side of the call.  Crowley nodded to himself, "Tell Alpha Sam that his mate and pup are doing well and are safe in their bed.  Also, Dean is here with her.  Yes," the beta's eyes scanned me over. "Dean is safe, he doesn't seem to be hurt.  Let Alpha Castiel know his intended is unharmed."
"Oh, sweetheart, that...  means the world to me to hear that." Castiel smiled though his mate could not see him. "Are you doing anything tonight?  I'd like to go on that run we talked about."
Note the tags, there may be changes with each update. Thanks!
"Are you feeling alright, Dean?" Cas asked as I finished my coffee. He was pulling all my hair back behind my shoulders and braiding, watching me intently.
Garth and Benny each came forward in turn to shake my hand, thanking me and agreeing to help on my terms.  I sat down back beside my Alpha, once they left and leaned my head on his shoulder.  Cas took my hand and kissed the palm while rubbing his cheek on my head.
"Next time, I'll leave a note in the kitchen or something.  Jeez," I couldn't help but laugh as I left the bed and walked over to Cas for a hug.  "Mornin', Sunshine."
I felt like a completely different person in that moment.  I'd never wanted another being as much as I wanted Cas. I'd messed around with people at pack parties before, but had never really had sex or been interested in others enough to have sex with them.
Castiel kept his hands on Dean's skin, skimming down to rest over one arm braced around Dean's lower stomach and then down to the other hand balled into a fist at his side.  With gentle silent coaxing, Dean relaxed his fingers enough for Cas to thread his fingers with his.
Without much thought, I led Cas to my room instead of downstairs to his.  I could tell that the blockers had worn off, but we were just too tired at the moment to act on our cycles.
After parting ways with the small group, Gabriel, who I came to find out was not only Castiel's second-in-command but was also his omega brother, winked at us both with a knowing grin and walked away.
Sam, Jody, Gabriel, and Garth were already down by the door.  I could make out their scents in the darkness of the house, their silhouettes easier to determine who was who as they took turns checking out through the windows with their weapons.
Cas spun me around and gently kissed me, hands resting on either side of the base of my neck.
"Where's the omega I've heard so much about?  Come here, sweet thing, your Alpha's here to take you home and have you on this knot all week long." a dark voice over the speakers yelled.  "Come out, come out, little Dean, don't keep me waiting."
Castiel loosened his grip around Dean's torso and stroked his clean hand from the base of Dean's throat to his bellybutton, letting them both cool down slowly.  Dean leaned up and turned his head just enough to catch Castiel's lips.  Their mingled scents permeated the bathroom, creating a peaceful space around the lovers.
"Morning, guys.  After last night, we have some things to discuss."
Meg appeared at my side, holding her cellphone to her ear.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dean shook his head, "Nah, my parents wouldn't be able to smell anything like your parents could, Alpha.  I'll be fine until I get home.  Twenty more minutes of your scent on me won't hurt anything."
I presented myself in front of the Alpha on the bed and heard him gasp quietly behind me.  Through our partial bond, I felt him gearing up to protest that this wasn't necessary, that he'd never expect this from me if I didn't want to.
"I'm so sorry, Cas, I just... couldn't fucking help it."
Cas ran his hands along my ass and lower back, moving up on his knees directly behind where I wanted him most.  There was no shortage of slick to ease the way as Castiel very slowly pressed into me, whispering his love and praising me as I let him inside.
"Did you mean what you said before dinner, Omega?  Do you want my children that much?"  That voice was so deep, I felt it rumble through me as he spoke.  "You've  said so before, but I like hearing you say it."
(See the end of the chapter for
For someone who didn't hang out in the sun much, Cas's skin was tan and he was definitely sporting some muscle under all the clothes he wore every day.  His face was tilted away from me, an arm still around me, the other arm splayed out off the side of the bed.  I could hear his steady heart beat under my ear and kissed his chest, glad he'd stuck around since the rogues came through.
“If you’re sure, Brother.  I almost forgot I told you that I cut Sam’s hair all the time.”
After a few minutes of nuzzling, Dean stepped back to let Castiel stand.  Then he watched as a very tall, very naked Cas changed back from the wolf.  Dean followed suit without thinking.
Just as she said, Missouri arrived a bit less than an hour later.  She nodded at Bobby through his office window and spotted Dean laying under a truck, softly grunting with a wrench in his hand.
Dean looked back and forth slowly between his parents.  His gut twisted a bit, more in excitement and nervousness than disgust. "I'd like to meet him very much.  I'm nervous though, what if he and I aren't...?"
"Don't...  mmmphh...  This is perfect, Cas.  We're good.  Promise."  I felt his knot forming, expanding and threatening to pop and hold me tight.
Instead of taking his hand this time, I took hold of Castiel's arm as he led the way.  Was I being too forward?  I was getting too comfortable too fast and didn't want to give the Alpha the wrong impression.  I was a natural flirt, sure, but this man came here with more than a friendship with my brother on his mind, didn't he?
"It's just a tylenol and half a xanax to help your anxiety and any coming pain.  It's alright baby, it will help you until we get you to Castiel.  Just take those now and try to breathe."
"Sam, I've been here for almost five weeks and we still haven't found them yet."  Five glorious weeks of sleeping next to Dean, scenting him and holding his warm body against mine.  There was a slight change to his scent when we awoke this morning, sharper and deeper like cinnamon; the apple scent of him more pronounced than before.  He seemed a bit groggier than usual too, but after coffee and breakfast he perked up.
While Castiel fully understood technology like anyone his age, he had mailed a formal letter to extend a friendship with Sam, offered up a friendship and his healing knowledge should ever it be needed, and asked if he could meet his brother.  He included his email and phone number in the letter, assuring Sam he could contact him at anytime.
My braid was passed over to Gadreel like a fucking dog leash.  He wound it around his wrist, giving me enough slack to drop my head, but not so much that I couldn't move away from him without losing my scalp.  His goon stood so close behind me, their boots were right up against mine.
I kissed his adams apple and down his jaw before meeting his mouth.  He took a sharp intake of breath through his nose before finally opening his eyes.
"But why come looking for him now?  Dean is twenty-three.  He's been of legal age for over five years."  I thought aloud.
“Dean, you have to relax,” I felt the power of my Alpha voice pulsate in my throat. I hated the idea that I was taking Dean’s choice away with this tactic, but he needed me to direct him right now.  I’d used my Alpha voice on him twice in the past twenty-four hours.  Please forgive me, my mate.
I shifted my hips, gently tugging his knot, "Well, you're not wrong."
Dean unwound himself from the family's embrace and stepped back.  With his eyes lowered to his feet and soft sigh, "Alright Pops, I'll meet this Alpha if he agrees as well."
A major THANK YOU & I LOVE YOU to those in the medical field, the 1st responders, and retail/grocery stores/food workers/delivery services (really, anyone working their asses off to keep the world going). I hope my writing helps you forget about the craziness for just a bit. I also hope you are safe and healthy.
I stood up to pull everything off.  Dean ripped his shirt over his head and unlaced his boots.  Once he was naked and all our clothes were in a messy pile on the floor, he yanked me into him and fell back on the bed.  The kissing was fierce, full of strength and possession.  I wanted him to take what he wanted, anything he needed.  I was his to command.  His hands were everywhere, all over me in his desperation to remind himself I belonged to him.
I ignored him, looking to Crowley.
Dean blushed at the attention and nodded, "Yes, Alpha, I got it."
Dean snorted and kissed his jaw line, "Heya, Cas."
“Glad to hear it!  You look great by the way.  Castiel has been good to you, I’m happy for you guys.”
Sam and Eileen sat at the table opposite us with the baby, watching us silently between eating and making sure Claire's bottle was tilted correctly.
"Hello, Dean."
Suddenly Dean was knocked to his side, Castiel now stood over him.  After he seemed content Dean was not hurt, he licked his muzzle in apologies.  Dean relaxed under the almost-black wolf.  He shifted his head back, letting Castiel get right up into his scent gland.
All of a sudden, shouts of alarm and protest rose up outside.  Castiel and I froze while staring at each other, then jumped up and threw open the door.
'Attraction? Check.' he thought as Cas caught his chin with his free hand.  The blue of his eyes had darkened and Dean was starting to pant under the affectionate scrutiny.
Without hesitation, Dean turned his body into Castiel's strong frame and nuzzled his throat, releasing a pleased purr along the Alpha's scent gland.  Castiel's arms went around Dean's lower back and a hand rested on the nape of his neck as he nuzzled him back.
"We are so sorry, Dean, baby.  We don't want you to suffer like you did during your first heat." Naomi cooed as Dean's cries in his desperation had reduced to the occasional sniffle.  "We love you, sweet boy.  We love you too much to hurt you like this.  But we have to obey the laws.  Your health is of utmost importance."  A whimper of defeat came from Naomi's lap.
"I'm sorry, Alpha.  I needed a minute.  That wasn't fair to you." The words were muffled against his skin, but he seemed to understand.  Cas sighed, relaxing into me and returned the embrace with a hand on the back of my head and one on my lower back.
"It smells so much like you in here.  Have you slept in here before?"  Cas wondered aloud.  I opened my eyes and watched as he pulled off his band tee, a white tank top beneath it.
I didn't say anything.  The day had started off relatively well.  I was already imagining spending more nights with the Alpha just outside my door, before breakfast had even begun.  I was a fool.  I let his presence and his mind-numbingly perfect scent cloud the truth.
"Absolutely not.  There is birth control available for you whenever you'd wish, and of course as my son, a thorough background check for anyone you choose.  I can pull some strings without question, just say the word."  Zachariah stood and pulled his family to their feet, pulling them all into a firm hug.  He kissed Dean's head as Dean nuzzled his mother's throat for comfort.
"Slow breaths, omega.  Just like how we did with Eileen yesterday, slow and easy.  In through the nose, out through the mouth."
A few months after his 18th birthday, Missouri had called Zachariah about a disturbing new scientific find about Omegas and their heats. It turned out that an Omega who did not actually go through their heats at least twice a year would end up sick and thus shortening their lifespan dramatically, since heats and ruts are biologyʼs way of breeding.  The medication was designed to help Omegas, not stop everything for the long-term.  The newest law for the Omega medication was that it could only be used for 2 heats each year, so the Omega couldnʼt build up a tolerance. Missouriʼs job was to keep Dean safe and healthy, she could not find it in her heart to push Deanʼs body and risk hurting him.
Little more than an hour later, Dean wordlessly reaches over to shut the radio off completely, something fever-bright still shining in his eyes. Somehow, he can tell they’re close.
And somehow they’re holding hands when the last few words that passed between them were “Fuck you.” Dean bites back a laugh. If that doesn’t just sum them up.
“No!” the kid insists, digging in his heels. “I’m not staying here while Sarah is just—out there somewhere!”
That makes it even harder to focus, and Dean remains silent for so long that Sam just reaches over to help him up and herds him back to their room. Dean goes willingly, because what else can he do?
A prickle of dread raises the hairs at the back of his neck. How will he know when he’s running out of things to say, places to look?
Dismay is painted over Sam’s face when Dean glances at him again. This is clearly nothing like Sam expected, not like any deal Sam had imagined it to be. But Sam’s hesitation before speaking is loaded with his understanding of how cruel such a deal would be. “That’s…bizarre. What does that even mean? Dean—”
it, for fuck’s sake.
, but you didn’t see it, Sammy. They just kept coming through that window over and over, one after the other—thought it was never gonna end,” Dean explains, watching Sam disinfect a minor gash on his own arm.
“Just let me finish before Sam or a damn wendigo comes in and knocks down the fucking door,” Dean grinds out. He doesn’t even
flies right by him, which is a warning sign if there ever was one. Dean stares out at the road, not letting his brother catch his eye. “Seriously. I really don’t want to talk about it.” And then he gives a dry little laugh, because that’s the truth.
and more poetry. A
They’re headed for the Tennessee border when Dean pulls in at a rest stop on the way.
And Cas is evidently pleased, so excited that they are reliving this shared memory. The rest stop is nondescript, not even a convenience store or gas station attached. In fact, this entire strip of highway is nondescript, mind-numbingly boring to drive down, not much in the way of scenery, just a line of trees, even more likely to hypnotize you to sleep if—
. Whatever they are.
Either way, it’s done now, and he can’t take it back. Just like every choice he makes in this life.
both hands slipping up under Cas’ shirt, one of Cas’ hands in his hair. That electric touch where they meet, Dean feels it low in his belly, in his chest, in his goddamn wrists and fingers, even. Just grinding up against each other desperately, like they’d waited too long to do this, and now they have no other choice.
knew when Dean started talking about
“Cas,” Dean says, voice choked, “Cas. Of course—”
“It gives the coffee character,” Dean protests, sounding half-hearted about it. This conversation is so amazingly stupid, he doesn’t even have it in him to maintain that level of annoyance. He has to admit, he’s practically
Sam stares, brow furrowed, cogs of his mind working, clearly trying hard to figure out what Dean is on about, or maybe why Dean is suddenly talking in the halting way William Shatner delivers dialogue.
But the story's not over just yet. :)
He hears the slow, uncharacteristically delicate acoustic intro of “Over the Hills and Far Away.” Like an old folk song. Dean leans back heavily as he rides shotgun, not fighting his exhaustion for the first time in days.
When Dean chucks his bag in the back and slips into the driver’s seat, he immediately changes the station. The cheesy song dies a quick death, more merciful than it deserved.
yet Dean can barely dredge up any recollection of the things Cas had chosen to share. It somehow leaves him feeling like he’s lost something huge all over again.
“I tripped over a butter churn,” Cas deadpans.
“I don’t know,” Jack says, sadly, and unmistakably doubtful. “It’s not my place. This is a—”
“Eavesdropping ain’t polite, you know,” Dean snaps unthinkingly, lowering his hands, as if something had deliberately interrupted him when he tried to speak earlier—
This is just like those roller coaster interstates, only this one feels even higher, somehow, just because they can see the ocean out the passenger-side window. Or, well, the bay. Close enough.
meant
“I know.” Then Sam’s face shifts, like a realization. “This is about your phone call, isn’t it. Believe me, I’m freaked too.” Sam exhales sharply, as if to prove he’s been rattled by it, and it seems genuine enough. “We’ll figure this out, Dean, we will. If it’s really Cas—”
And when Cas touches him now, bare skin on skin, it’s the same hands that rebuilt him from the ground up when he was at his lowest, the same palm that seared its mark indelibly against his shoulder. Cas put him back together; he could break Dean again just as easily. Dean pushes his tongue past Cas’ parted lips and thinks he can taste the fabric of the universe.
“Same job I had in Purgatory, you remember that? The first time, that is. Jesus, can you believe that? We’ve both been in Purgatory together enough times that I gotta differentiate.
Sam is sitting cross-legged on the left-hand bed, laptop open on the blanket in front of him. “So I was thinking tomorrow we go into town and interview the boyfriend.”
“Is that bad?” asks clueless Todd.
He doesn’t suppress or scoff at the part of himself that thinks she just might. That thinks, in fact, she probably would. Dean doesn’t push it down and tell himself he’s being foolish to think or even want that. He lets it out, gives it room to breathe.
back, chin in hand, but also like he’s barely even seeing Sam, looking more like one of those Renaissance paintings of angels than he ever has for as long as Sam has known him. Which is a little surreal, since the angel in question currently appears to be wearing a Metallica t-shirt underneath Dean’s robe.
can prevent’—” before Sam bats his hand down with an eyeroll and goes to oversee the dying flames.
Everyone is thrilled. Congratulatory remarks circle around the table. Fuck, his little brother is really getting married, after all this time. Dean can’t stop smiling; his cheeks ache from it.
“I wasn’t aware there was a dress code for watching movies in your bedroom,” Cas continues, and if he’s pretending to be confused, he’s doing a poor job of it. He sounds so fucking dry, what a dick. Dean suppresses a wide grin.
The motel’s neon sign looms over Dean as he rounds the corner of the building, back to the parking lot and the row of identical motel room doors. Dean looks at the backs of his hands, and the neon casts them in a sickly yellow. Or maybe they’re just that filthy. A shower is sounding better and better, so that’s his plan once he gets to the room.
,” Cas repeats. Vehement and upset in a way he hasn’t been since getting yanked from the Empty. “This,” gesturing at their surroundings, or maybe themselves, “is
rips through his chest.
In come Sam and Eileen. That’s right—they said they’d be getting here around this time. Dean hugs them both in turn, thrilled to see them—despite the fact that he just saw Sam probably no more than two or three days ago. They don’t live particularly far away.
It’s so stuffy in here, he notices now, like the whirring ceiling fan is doing nothing. The heat makes his scalp prickle. It gives him an odd sense of
“Months,” Dean supplies, in a hollow tone.
What’s the word he wants? Alive? Dean reaches out without thinking and, kind of idiotically, pats a hand against Cas’ chest—not too far from the spot where Dean once tried stabbing him in this very room—to make sure he’s solid and real and, yes, alive.
Sam’s right. Turning away from both of them, Dean rubs his hands over his face. He needs to do a better job of acting
Fuck.
Now he’s woken up, to the nightmare that is his life.
“And now?” Sam gently prods.
Cas, in his dirtied trench coat, cocks his head at Dean, then at the keys, which are currently lying between them on the seat.
“And I— I didn’t tell you— The things you said,” Cas adds quickly, almost nervously. “That when you pictured yourself happy—”
Dean would rather have her here than not—hell, he’d want her to hang out here even if she and Sam weren’t involved—but at the same time, when the two of them disappear into another part of the bunker, or go out and leave him alone in the bunker completely, he doesn’t quite know what to do with himself.
Dean’s fingers tighten involuntarily around the wheel. He aches to— He just
That’s who Cas is. This is the same thing all over again, even if it isn’t an actual speech or confession. It’s still three stubborn words. It’s Cas taking Dean as he is, not ignoring or denying all the bad but steadfastly believing that it doesn’t outweigh the good. A devout, unshakable belief in the good. That the good means everything. That it’s something remarkable, beautiful, more than the ugliness and failure and red-hot anger, burning like a brand, that Dean sees every time he looks in the mirror. Cas doesn’t care that Dean’s broken. But that’s because Cas just—accepts him.
Except Cas’ eyes seem to soften. Even if he doesn’t know what’s happening in Dean’s head right now, he sees that Dean can’t move, and Cas is not going to make him. “Dean…”
It feels like it’s about—being human.
“Christ, I don’t know.” Dean stills, pressing his palm over his mouth and staring at the wall beside his bed, the other hand tensely at his hip.
It sticks to him, like a bad taste in the back of his mouth. Dean can’t quite remember what it was about, but he’s pretty sure it was dire. Like, “worse than his recurring dreams about Hell” levels of bad.
A sudden stab of panic as he looks down at his empty hands. “My phone—”
Because
“I—” Dean falters. Hears Sam’s pen scritching along. And, like the coward that he is, amends that thought. “—We missed you, you know?” As if to explain the longing. What bullshit. They say you can’t bullshit a bullshitter, but clearly that’s not true—it’s, dare he say it, bullshit?— or else Cas wouldn’t keep buying all the crap and excuses Dean’s been selling for the past decade. “It’s good to have you home, man.”
“In a heartbeat, Dean,” Cas replies, curtly. “For you, I would do it again in a heartbeat.” Cas holds his gaze, unflinching. That
Billy Joel, maybe? Dean doesn’t really know most of the lyrics. The words he does remember, his mind takes and runs over and over, the way distracted fingers might worry over a small object or toy. He’s reasonably sure there’s something in there like
Sam’s hands are now at his temples as he rubs in circular motions, as if calming himself. “Dean, would you please quit screwing around.”
at the end of that sentence is somehow extremely loud despite going unsaid.
“Okay,” Cas murmurs.
” Dean insists, baring his teeth. “Sam, we have to get him back.” The words are out before Dean even registers them.
“It does,” Cas concurs.
“Thank you,” Cas says, sincere, and when Dean meets his eyes, he gets the distinct sense that Cas is addressing both of them. Dean resists the kneejerk impulse to look away again.
When Dean emerges from the motel bathroom, the blast from the rattling AC unit sends a thin wave of goosebumps over his still-damp skin and the fine hairs of his forearms.
“Yeah, yeah, I get it, you’ll break out the tough love, lay down the law, make me see reason because there’s something wrong with my grapefruit after all. Got it, Dr. Phil.”
Dean nods, feeling inexplicably shy about making another dumb
Today’s plans rewind in his head, the pieces clicking into place as he remembers: ah, of course. Sam is coming over to the house today. It’s still early morning, so Dean has time.
Outside the car, it’s day, and isn’t that fuckin’ weird. The inside of that factory was so dark he could’ve sworn it was still night. It’s a grey day, slightly overcast, but the light is still too sharp, still burns his eyes as he watches scrubby brown shrubs and dead grass whip past the passenger side window.
“I’m not. I’m doing it for mine.” Dean’s been trying out this thing where he doesn’t have to be selfless and self-sacrificing all the time, at Sam’s and Cas’ insistence. “But I want you to be there.” Dean hesitates, strangely bashful. “Y’know, that is, if you want.”
of it.
There’s a minute shift in Cas’ expression.
Searching for stars, anyway. All he can really see is the sickly yellow pallor of his surroundings, courtesy of the neon sign. That neon glow makes even Baby’s smooth dark sheen look jaundiced.
.” Dean’s fist thumps the table.
After a few minutes spent standing outside, Dean ends up lurking around the doorway, just out of sight, listening to their conversations. And he goes back in willingly when he hears the word “dinner.”
give up on me this time.”
Oh, yeah, that’s right. The blanks are swiftly filled in as tidily and seamlessly as if he’s dreaming—and, perhaps he is.
It’ll be nice to catch up with Sam. What was supposed to be a small trip to hit a couple of hunts turned into such a big, sprawling thing.
Cas shakes his head. “No. The passage of time in the Empty is—strange, to say the least. I could have been there for hours, or decades. Centuries,” he adds, with a flicker of melancholy in his eyes, “but from the look of you both, even years seems an overestimation.”
It sounds like Cas’ words in Jack’s mouth, and Dean swallows a little thickly. Cas taught him well.
Because Jody is wiser than all of them put together, she doesn’t say anything about it.
Incredulous, Dean starts to reach out in an aborted movement, hands twitching at his sides, wanting to somehow check that Cas is okay, to touch.
Sam feels the blood drain from his face.
He’s just taking the comfort and support.
When Sam visibly hesitates before looking back up, Dean waves a hand. “Go. Call her.”
“What the fuck, Dean.”
being spoken, and he automatically pauses mid-step, almost directly in front of Cas’s door.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re just everything.”
“Hi, Agents Bowie and Ronson. We’re here to follow up on the disappearance of Walter Blackburn.”
He reads the words over and over until they stop meaning anything.
someone once sang.
Cas stumbles in drowsily, wearing a pair of Dean’s sleep pants and one of Dean’s faded band t-shirts, and his hair is insane.
is amazing to him, both hands clutching Dean just as reverently as he clutches that small word. “Very much. More than I can say.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“And the FBI really took an interest in that?” asks the city deputy. As if Sam and Dean haven’t heard that one about a bazillion times, complete with the levitating eyebrows and skeptical nose wrinkle.
Dean wakes up in his bed, under all the blankets this time. No phone ringing. No longer sleeping in his jeans and two shirts. Before he can really orient himself, he
Cas starts to look uncomfortable, which is truly saying something considering that Castiel is the undisputed, reigning king of awkwardly long stares.
The gravy boat appears to have migrated across the table again, and Dean reaches out impatiently. “Cas, help me out here.”
The hard part is finding the graveyard itself. It’s ancient and well-hidden, and even after questioning more locals, they’ve hiked up and down several different steep hills covered in kudzu, until the sun sets and they stumble upon the clearing where the dead are buried. A sensation of fatigue pushes at Dean’s temples.
images that curdle at the edges, disappearing under thick black ooze, and something seems to be laughing at him.
thing, he repeats to himself, hiding under his pillow. Don’t look. Don’t pry. Have respect. Use brain bleach.
“It’s a big one,” Sam continues. Apparently, Jody and Donna have just tracked down a werewolf responsible for some local deaths, which then led them to an entire pack. “It’s more than they bargained for. She’s asking where we are. I didn’t tell her anything yet—”
This is the time of evening when they both look like shadows, barely able to see one another’s faces, and
“Cas?” he rasps.
Without any forethought, Dean’s broaching the subject to Cas: going somewhere exotic and unfamiliar, hypothetically, sometime. Because it’s one thing for Cas to lose the use of his wings, but to never go anywhere at all, ever?
Next to Sam, Eileen laughs brightly, signing something a little too quickly for Dean to catch—he’s learning, but it’s a process. He can just about manage when she deliberately slows it down for him. He’s working on it.
again.
The room has two double beds and a pull-out couch, an embarrassment of riches by their standards. While Cas picks through Dean’s cold French fries, Dean loses to Sam at rock-paper-scissors, as always—“Why do I even keep playing this fucking game with you?”—then surprises them all by just giving the other bed to Cas. Insisting on it, in fact.
. Cas’ squint clears and his brow smooths out as he gets it. “Non-interference.”
Dean feels his eyelid twitch, still wearing an annoyed and grumpy expression, since that song was particularly god-awful.
And the song of the day is: “Baby Blue” by Badfinger.
Dean decides to go sit in the car while Sammy finishes packing his collection of fifty hair products, or whatever it is that makes him so much slower than Dean at packing his shit up these days.
Driver picks the music. Dean expects new wave, but Cas puts on Led Zeppelin.
“It was a birthday present,” Claire adds, smiling sweetly like the menace that she is and throwing Dean under the bus a second time.
Dean had felt kinda bad that Cas was listening to it there, instead of by a tropical vista. Evidently, he didn’t need to. Based on what Dean was just told, Cas had been having a ball.
“Did you see that first guy?” Dean continues. “He was fuckin’
judge anyone else for this— He only judges
From—
Dean unpauses the movie with a tap of his finger.
“Since forever, where the fuck’ve you been?” Dean shakes his head and grabs some plates. “I was gonna give you first pick of the movie, too, but since you’ve decided to be such a little bitch this morning….” Dean’s tone has evolved into something bordering on fondness, despite his words. “I’ll pick one myself. I’m thinking—some adventure flick.
did, I know that now. And Sam’s backing my play.
—both exhilarated and terrified, determined yet hesitant, broken and beaten but so
. And you know what? I’m gonna put it in the scrambled eggs.”
“Am— Am
The day that Sam finally,
They’re turning off onto smaller and smaller roads, four lanes turning to two, to one, the smooth pavement turning pockmarked with potholes and giving way to gravel as the countryside unfolds around them in the evening glow.
Dean shrugs. “It is now.” He throws some bacon on the skillet and grabs another pan, easily throwing a cheese sandwich together with Cas just kind of there and attached to him. Tossing the uncooked grilled cheese into the pan with some butter and pressing it down with a spatula.
Dean’s own smile dims, but only a little. “Huh. Yeah,” he huffs, quietly.
it, then?”
“Yeah, and?” When Sam doesn’t reply, Dean turns away in satisfaction. “Right. S’what I thought.”
“You don’t just up and leave like that.”
“Cas!” he calls down to the figure, his eyes wide with panic.
And Jody doesn’t know that, but the almost devastated look on Sam’s face seems to tell her enough, and she quiets, looking at Dean with a different kind of concern, a sadness.
“That was
“Hey.” As he holds the plates, Dean nudges Cas with his shoulder, speaking quietly. Waits for Cas to meet his eyes, then holds his gaze for a second. “I love you.”
for him, was somehow so much worse than hearing anyone else in his family say it.
. Forty-one, indeed.
Its crushing grip punches the wind out of him, and he gasps for air as it starts loping away with its arm clutching his torso, his upper body dangling towards the ground with one arm pinned to his side and one arm free, his fingertips still in the dirt. But trying to grip the ground is useless. The thing is dragging him off, presumably to eat him, and Dean manages to make a combination of moves without thinking—grabbing a passing branch, kicking at the wendigo, using his leverage with the branch to twist and wriggle free. Something shifts, and Dean drops heavily to the forest floor.
“Are you fucking with me?” Dean hisses.
“It was the weirdest damn thing, actually.” Dean frowns, draping a forearm over the arm of the couch to pull himself up a bit more and anchor himself there. “Couldn’t sleep at all at night, but I kept zonking out during the day and havin’ these dreams….”
Cas would never say.
And yet Dean’s barely seen any of it.
Jarring, to see stark lines of black and white text alongside that tacky, touristy bookmark. But then, Cas had always been one to embrace every side of humanity, so long as it wasn’t a side that actively caused harm. Both the kitsch and the sublime.
John had actually forgotten about it after a couple of days, but Dean sure hadn’t foreseen that at the time given how seriously their dad had taken it.
Dean pinches the bridge of his nose. “You gotta know, okay, when I said I was angry, it wasn’t—” He fumbles for words again, then hears Sam snoring over the sound of his own whispers, and this is fucking absurd.
“I think so,” Cas murmurs, then, an open vulnerability in the angel’s face—staring at Dean with a mixture of concern and wonder, as if in absolute awe that Dean is in front of him or, in fact, even exists—and for a few beats Dean can’t remember what question Cas is even answering.
For all that Dean hates planes, they can’t be much worse than the apocalypse or Hell, right? Or the fucking Empty.
But how? This doesn’t feel like a dream— The nausea presses up, harder, insistent against his throat. That other kind of djinn, maybe, that feeds off your nightmares and fears? But had he even been fighting a djinn before coming here—
“We’ve got bigger fish to fry here, okay?” Dean nods brusquely at their surroundings.
They’re still in the same positions, Dean stretched over the arm of the couch, Cas leaning forward near the end of the bed, always reaching and straining for each other in one way or another but never quite meeting or touching.
As they snoop around the general area, skirting the edge of some woods, they run into a pair of other hunters emerging from the trees who had, within the hour, found and torched the rugaru responsible.
But this isn’t that. Dean reminds himself to breathe, repeats to himself that he is not inhaling water, and even though this probably isn’t air either, he’s still alive.
Dean is going to just fucking drown in the sound of Cas’ voice. It’s overwhelming to him in a way he never could have imagined.
“What are you doing?” he hears Sam ask, blearily, from beside him, slumped down midway in his seat. How his legs still manage to fit in the car is anyone’s guess.
It’s a couple of hours from any actual beach, but Dean could swear the air tastes of salt, even filtered through the car’s air vents. He doesn’t remember seeing much open water back when he and Sam were being toted all over the country by John.
Cas looks away, expecting the worst, and Dean gets the impression they’re actually
The chorus of the song keeps circling back around, the “don’t you want me”s over and over as Dean begins to feel like he’s driving in circles, too. He feels the tires bump over another set of train tracks, and it doesn’t feel right to him. This is not where they’re supposed to be.
Sam’s just finally seeing it for what it is.
This time, Dean does turn his head to face Sam. “What?”
“It was so powerful—like a boosted signal. Nothing the human mind should have been capable of,” Cas is saying, almost just talking to himself, like he doesn’t expect Dean to know the answer. Then his gaze rests on Dean again. “It woke me up.”
Sam swiped yet again, but there were no more pictures of the corpse to study—instead it was a photo taken in this very room, orange lamps glowing unmistakably in the background. Sam chuckled. It was obviously some very bad selfie attempt of Castiel’s, since part of his face—mostly wide blue eyes looking upwards and a mess of unruly dark hair—was visible in the lower right-hand corner. In the background, a few seats away at the table, sat Dean, leaning over some papers pertaining to the case, wearing a serious expression as he read over them—not to mention wearing the same clothes from earlier that day. His typical layers: heavy red shirt with the sleeves rolled up his forearms, flannel shirt underneath, dark t-shirt. The shot had obviously been taken today.
Even as Sam’s hands come up, trying to support him as they move into his field of vision, Dean crumples to his knees. Head leaning forward, gaze on the hard concrete floor beneath him. He feels like he can’t even breathe, and his jaw is clenched so tightly that it aches. A growl slips from between his teeth.
Serendipitously, Sam chooses that moment to snore like he’s got a raging head cold, and Cas actually flinches at the abrupt noise, glancing over at Sam’s bed by the window.
Yeah, okay. Dean sighs his acquiescence; the woman named Sarah Shull is still missing, and there’s a chance the wendigo—if it is a wendigo—is storing her for food somewhere and keeping her alive.
. And he’s already started to ruin the
But Dean’s allowed to want things, even selfish things, even things that are no longer possible. He’s spent nearly his whole life thinking he couldn’t. There’s a kind of power in accepting that he feels the way he feels and wants what he wants; none of it makes him lesser. It’s just in acknowledging it.
The fragile moment breaks.
you to look at them?”
Thank you for reading and sticking with me so far! There's still a lot of story left.
. “I understand if you’re angry…”
“Shit, man, it’s awesome. C’mon.” Dean tugs on Cas’ hand to draw him further onto the bed as Dean scoots over to the bed’s other side. Making room for Cas to settle into, possibly Dean’s ulterior motive for this, and Cas goes along with it this time.
, do his job without being distracted and tormented every waking second by thoughts of—
He’s done his best to make it up to Sammy after his latest slip-up. The djinn thing had been the first major crack in Dean’s façade, and he can’t let Sam look all the way into that crack, all the way into him; he’s protected Sam from that since they were just kids. No more day drinking where Sam can see it. Actually, a lot less drinking in general, which sucks, but he’s trying, because after so many years of narrowly avoiding dying young, he’s finally supposed to live.
“Actually, yes,” Cas tells Sam, sounding faintly surprised by this. His brow furrows even more than Sam’s has. “Though even a standard human prayer amplified by supernatural abilities as powerful as a djinn’s would be very unlikely to penetrate the Empty.”
Give him some song lyrics, please, he is so out of his depth. This is hopeless.
“That was a dramatic reading from your ‘Uplifting Thought of the Day’ calendar. I saw it on the page last Thursday.” He chuckles to himself—ah, humor, nature’s perfect defense mechanism.
There’s a long pause wherein Cas doesn’t seem to realize that the socially expected thing to do right now is respond. Dean, squirming and internally freaking out, prompts, “Do you?” Even though he should really know the answer by now.
True to form, Sam dons his bitchface. “Dean, you’re forty-one.”
a standard-issue
“You know, it’s this, uh, big engine?” Dean gestures with his hands, cupping them in front of his chest and then spreading them far apart like this somehow represents the boat engine in any recognizable way. “We’re not near any water. There’s no theme to the room. So, like, why?” He gets nothing from the manager. “Room 17?”
In his rearview mirror, the doe noses at the grass, a little too close to the pavement, and Dean silently wills it to go back.
“Dean, are you there?”
Sam nods, eyes pensive. “Was it….”
That label is a little misleading. Dean has a lot of 1960s-themed tapes, from the British Invasion to Motown to Prog Rock. The theme of this tape is pretty much all heartbreak songs, because no decade did heartbreak quite like the ’60s. There are even a few of those stupid teenage-death songs that he always claims to hate and find cheesy—probably why the insert in the cassette case doesn’t actually include a tracklisting, hence the vague title on the label.
.” Sam actually grins back.
problem—now is just not a good time.
“I’m fine. I’m not hurt,” he mutters, almost in a monotone, gesturing to his upper arm to indicate that all the blood smeared on his cheek and forehead is either from that or from the kid’s garden-variety cuts. “It’s just that one gash. Already bandaged it up.” The skin over his cheekbone feels chilled from the night air and tight under the dried blood.
“Hey,” Dean protests. “I gave you your first gun.”
The two-lane highway is bordered by grass and evergreens and not much else. Dean keeps seeing signs for some national forest and rifle range that they won’t be passing through, since he instantly and inexplicably knows those places are a handful of miles in the wrong direction.
himself just so Dean could go and die in a djinn dream.
The opportunity to make a joke out of the
that.” Dean bites his lip at the sudden spike of anxiety and grief that comes with thinking about that sacrifice. Reliving it. Feeling grief for someone standing right in front of him.
Dean drops his hand, blinks. “What?”
Jerking his head up, Dean meets Sam’s inquisitive puppy-dog eyes with a scowl. “How am I what?”
They stagger out into the last embers of the dying sunset, the sky dark save for one strip along the horizon. Sam leads the way; Dean sticks closer and closer to Cas until they’re just literally holding each other up, even though Dean’s not sure either of them physically needs the extra help.
, he muses in surprise, a thought he hasn’t had about himself for probably ten years.
A few weeks have passed. The bulletin board over the table catches Dean’s eye; it was formerly used to tack up bits of arcane lore that Sam had dug up from the Men of Letters’ archives, pieces of information that might help them solve cases, white and off-white pieces of paper, news articles about unexplained deaths and bloody murders.
The universe tips over on its side.
“You’re deflecting.”
He switches on the radio out of habit, lets one of his faithful classic rock stations play loudly as he hits the gas and drives, lets the bright sound of jangling guitars lead the way.
The world starts to feel like a smaller place when you’ve saved it a few times over. Especially that last time, when they’d briefly been the only people left on the face of the earth, wholly responsible for its fate.
“Then stop interrupting me!”
If he makes this real, then it becomes something he could lose. Dean clenches his fist involuntarily.
“I’m cool with cabbage, too,” Jack pipes up, smiling, obviously just parroting the words because he can tell they make Dean happy.
“I know,” Dean murmurs, right before tugging him in and letting Cas’ tongue into his mouth, just because he’d really like to leave nothing unresolved—he’d really like to have the last word, this time.
“Wait, what?” Dean speaks, weakly, into the hinge of Cas’ jaw. “You remember that?”
It’s just the two of them in the car now. This is one of those weekends when Jack gets to go stay at Sam and Eileen’s. Dean hopes, for their sake, that they’ve already taken some time to celebrate their engagement. He snorts at the thought of them trying to do that with a kid in the house.
(In the beginning, I actually had no intention of writing one.)
“I got a lot to say to you, Cas.”
“Don’t worry about it.” Dean fondly raises a hand as if to smooth down Cas’ nest of hair, but it’s a trap, and instead Dean deliberately musses it up even more until it practically spikes. Dean is endlessly entertained by this. His own hair is nowhere near thick enough to stand up on its own, so he does it to Cas at every opportunity. It’s something he’s always wanted to do, probably for about twelve years.
” sings the voice on the radio.
. The radio. That first time, in the dream, he’d heard Sam’s voice on the
And then Dean finds himself lurching forward and they’re hugging, desperately, weak with relief, just like every time they meet again after losing each other. His chin hooks over Cas’ shoulder, the scratchy fabric of his trenchcoat rubbing Dean’s face abrasively and it’s the best feeling in the world. It’s a kind of deep contact Dean seems to reserve for life and death situations only.
They’ve still lost too many people, any way you slice it, but this is one helluva win.
A series of sharp, panicked thoughts:
Interestingly, he thinks, as he clears the beer bottles away, the only thing real in that dream was Sam’s voice. Calling to him, trying to wake him up, the only evidence of reality bleeding through. Fitting, actually, that it came through in the form of phone calls—much like real life—
He’d thought Dean was just about as relaxed as he could
the Empty hear him? Hear his thoughts? Is it watching? Is it going to ensure that Dean spins his wheels in here for the rest of time, getting nowhere, while it keeps Cas tucked just out of reach for all eternity?
“This is great. Get a load of this guy.” As the movie starts, Dean points at Kurt Russell, driving his big rig and delivering some macho monologue into a CB radio.
“Dean?” a voice breathes, intense with single-minded purpose.
And Dean has another almost vertiginous moment, a split second wherein he forgets that Eileen actually came back. That Sam got her back. It wasn’t just an invention of his dream.
“Just not in the mood,” Sam says quickly, before he loses his appetite for breakfast completely. “Actually, you know what, why don’t you guys just do it—” Ugh, bad choice of words. “Do the
The last one!
this with everything he’s got, as he knowingly draws a blatant parallel Sam can’t help but understand.
And Dean presses the heel of his hand against his eyes, weary, so fucking exhausted as he tips his head down, his voice jagged and rough. “I think he probably always has been.”
Dean isn’t sure they even make it to the end of the movie before they both fall asleep—after Dean’s repeated, arrogant assurances that he wasn’t “gonna wimp out” before the end credits rolled.
Once they arrived at Gabriel and Anna Novak's home, the driver opened his door and walked him to the back of the house where there was a huge garden.  The center had an awning over a glass table with iron chairs.  A dark-haired man had been sitting there, seemingly lost in his thoughts when they approached.
“That’s good, Castiel.  When you first came in here, your eyes were blazing red, your body still pumping adrenaline in defense of your mate.  You seem more in control now.  Do you mind if I take a look at you?”  He motioned for me to sit down.  I did as I was asked, still feeling slightly numb inside as he unraveled my wrappings.
"I don't really have a problem with honesty, Cas." I said.  Oh shit, I've already given him a nickname.  The Alpha shut the door with a low chuckle and proceeded to shuck off the trench coat, along with his suit jacket and shoes.  He pottered around to the kuerig while rolling up his sleeves to show strong wrists and forearms.
A slight bit of drama is in this chapter, and it may not be over yet. *le' gasp*
Castiel had managed to choke out another rogue, snapping his neck for good measure. He let the body fall to the sand and turning to Sam and Gadreel.
"Nice of you to come, Blue Eyes.  I must ask why you are wearing so many clothes.  Jeans and shoes are not really  considered beachwear.  Afraid your omega will faint at the sight of his hotstuff-alpha?"
The bed had a light gray comforter and navy sheets beneath.  A mountain of pillows sat on the bed.  I plugged up my phone, placing it on the nightstand and made myself comfortable by sitting on the right side on top of the sheets.
"How about I drive to you?  You can meet my Baby."
Castiel laid awake for a few moments to make sure Dean drifted comfortably, before he himself fell asleep.
Dean started to feel his lower half pulsating under the attention, wanting more contact.  His hole began leaking more as Cas ran a long lick over the shell of his ear.  Being in heat, he was almost always wet, but this...
My head fell back to rest on Cas's shoulder, suddenly tired but still wanting his body on mine.  The arousal was alive and well, but my mind was pushing it back.
"I am perfectly fine now.  You and the packs are safe, these wounds will probably be imperceptible by this time tomorrow.  I will aid Sam in contacting the other visiting packs to apologize for tonight's events and ask if everyone is alright."
“Yeah, baby, we have a few horses.  You can live out your fantasy of being a cowboy.” An image of a shirtless Dean in jeans and a cowboy hat astride a giant beast of a horse flashed through my mind.
"Omega.  Fuck, you're so beautiful like this.  Needy and hot and perfect."  Cas's huge hands on me aided me to pull up then push back down.
I finally blinked and looked back at Sam as he continued talking to our new friends.  Eileen easily kept up with the conversation by lip-reading and nodded every now and then.  It was then I realized Castiel hadn't released my hand.  I looked down at the other man's fingers closed gently around mine and casually reminded him he could release me by running my thumb up and down the back of his hand.
Bobby watched Dean through the window from his office to the garage as he ended the call and placed his cell on the desk.
I sat in a chair by Eileen and took her hand as the contractions started becoming more intense, longer and more frequent as the hours passed.  We all took breaks in between the contractions to use the restroom or eat and drink. Crowley had kind-heartedly threatened to keep us out if anyone got too dehydrated.
I stood and readjusted the sleeves of my button down.  "Why don't you take a moment to calm down and go check on Eileen.  She's due in about two weeks now, you both should have some extra bonding time.  It will help when her labor starts.  I'll be the one to tell Dean, with your permission."
With no messages waiting for a reply, he pulled on his favorite leather boots and walked downstairs.  Both his parents were in the kitchen, starting on dinner and speaking quietly to one another.  Zachariah leaned over his shoulder as he was cutting up peppers to kiss his wife and she smiled brightly.  Dean smiled too.  He was always happy to see them happy, he could always tell how much they loved one another.
"Dean, my mate, I love you.  I won't ever let you go."
“Dean.  Sweetheart, are you awake?” he whispered.  I felt a kiss to my forehead and his hand glide down my back to rest on my hip.  “Everything’s fine now, baby. Rest assured it’s all over.  It’s just you and me again.  Do you need anything?”
Changing the subject mostly to keep myself in check, I asked, “Are you ready to see your new home?  You’ve met Gabriel, but I think Samandriel will be at the main house when we arrive.  He’s mainly in charge of the pack’s accounts and trade, but is very much like another brother to Gabriel and I.”
“Uh, no”, I said dumbly.  I ran a hand over my bandaged shoulder.  “I’m okay, I think.  I can feel my healing has already kicked in.”
'Yes, please.  G'nite, Cas.'
"Cas, Alpha, make it stop.  Fuck me, please.  God, just make me yours.  I want you.  I want us, please.  Mate me, make it stop hurting."
Cas and I delivered the news that both pup and mother were doing well.  Everyone in the lounge area was so excited, but the exhaustion from the night had caught up to us all. We all agreed to come back when the new parents were ready.
"No, sugar, he's not hurt.  His heat is starting, he's at home now taking a shower.  I took your number from his phone to let you know he needs you.  I'm bringing him to your place.  Are your parents home, now?"
~~“I love you, Alpha.”~~
"I have a hard time picturing you as a recluse, Cas.  But I get it, I think.  With all the changes in with wolf laws and the occasional human riots, I can't say I blame you.  I prefer not to go out, if I can help it.  At least, not for socializing."
"You brought a whole week of clothes in just those two bags?  Low maintenance, I like it."  I led Castiel away from the kitchen and towards the end of a long hallway.  I already knew exactly where he should stay;  the room was directly below mine.
"Such a naughty omega.  What should I do with you?"  I couldn't tell if he was talking to himself or to me, and frankly, I just wanted him to touch me.  He pushed his nose against the side of my neck, grasping my hips in his large hands.
Pulling back enough to look up into Cas’s face, “I know you’re about to tell me stay in the main house, but I have an idea. Do you trust me?”
"This is freakin' horrible timing.  I can't leave Eileen when she needs us all the most.  I want us to be here when my niece arrives."  I twisted my head to gauge Cas's reaction, he smiled and nodded without hesitation.
Cas nods disingenuously. “I see, yes. That was a very serious ‘uh’.”
, Cas knows to fit his hand to Dean’s jaw, stroking a thumb across his cheekbone—to smooth back the short but messy strands of hair that have been pushed out of place above Dean’s forehead, to stroke his hair—to press his lips to Dean’s cheek, to touch him softly but not as if Dean might break, not retreat entirely or move off of him. And how the hell did Cas know to do that when Dean himself didn’t even know—but it doesn’t matter.
“We won’t be able to see the wendigo coming if it’s too foggy to see,” Sam explains.
Mary turns to look up at him reassuringly. “Thank you for putting all this together, Dean. You didn’t have to.”
He doesn’t have to wait long for an answer. “What is it, Dean?” Cas’ rumble of a voice replies softly. That rumble seems to seep right into Dean, into his bones, replenishing something fundamental he hadn’t known he’d lost.
cause Dean to look at him like he’s grown an extra head.
“Hello,” says a pleased, bright voice.
But Sam can’t resist taking one last glance back at his brother, asking casually, “So, you gonna do any more laundry today?”
It’s tuned to that same ’60s station he was listening to in the bathroom—maybe his mom likes it or something, reminds her of her childhood. As he did this morning, Dean leaves it on. He actually knows most of these songs, too, and he hums along as he methodically slices and dices and stirs.
. He’s in a white room. His mom is there. He’s in a grey kitchen. Sam is there. He’s in a void of absolute black—
“I know, I know.” Dean groans, hiding his face even more in Cas’ warmth, remembering that part of it now, too, when he’d said that out loud in the Empty. “Enough, Cas.”
Like a coward, Dean had willingly blinded himself to the shape of his own happiness.
In front of him, Sam strolls peacefully down the driveway, mouth closed.
“Are you sure? It’s okay if you do. I mean, it feels like we haven’t really…talked lately.”
Another night in that same motel, the ugly boat picture leering out at him.
“Yeah, all the girls are there.”
Reluctantly, Cas accepts his answer. “I could never see or hear your dream. As I’ve already told you, I can sense—longing,” he repeats, though this time he seems hesitant, even slightly confused.
If it ever occurs to either of them to buy a second Walkman so they don’t have to share, neither of them mentions it.
It should have been an easy hunt, but it wasn’t, and oh, the indignity of that. He folds his arms over the top of the wheel, lets himself slump against it for a second. The landscape he sees out the windshield is burning, shimmering in the heat. It’s been days since they were near the ocean. God, he’s tired.
“No.” And Dean is startled by this answer, by the intensity in Cas’ eyes. “I haven’t even
And it’s dumb, so not even funny, but Dean begins to chuckle, and he has no idea why. “Thanks for that. I guess you deserve the fruit basket, huh?”
“Okay?”
Incidentally, the lantern, genuinely no brighter than their flashlights, was not responsible for the ambush. The wolves had been watching them the whole time, so Dean can’t use that as an excuse to beat himself up further.
“I cannot
“They’re lacerations.” Cas is obviously done with Dean’s shit. Ignoring his protests, Cas gets a hand around the back of Dean’s head and passes the other palm over Dean’s face, light flaring briefly as the wounds all seamlessly heal.
As Dean walks—or runs, since distance and time have no substance and do not exist—Dean’s mind slowly works its way backwards, like piecing together a puzzle in reverse, or maybe systematically taking one apart—
But then Dean yawns, not bothering to cover his mouth. He can’t control it; his jaw cracks slightly with the force of it.
worth it. Clearly, no one remembers they're supposed to be working a case right now.
Dean sits alone at the table, sipping Coke from a cardboard cup and wishing it was beer, or something even stronger.
“No, but really,” Dean finds himself saying, lowering his voice a little, pacing back over to the table and bracing a hand on the opposite chair, which wobbles slightly on uneven legs. He frowns down at Cas. “How did you get out of the Empty, man?”
Reliving Cas’ words. All that devastating beauty and crushing love pulled from deep inside him, like pulling up a sunflower by the root, and Cas had done it as if it was nothing. Saying that Dean had done everything in his life for love, like he’s worth looking at that way, but what about
“You know what,” Eileen tells them as she disappears down the hall, possibly to go commiserate with Cas about what total idiots they’re in love with, “I don’t even want to know.”
“Come on, Sammy,” Dean drawls, like it’s obvious, “like I could really eat
Cas looks up at him and says simply, “You did. “
The soundtrack of the moment is “Don’t You Want Me” by the Human League. He idly wonders what Cas had made of that band name.
,” Dean wheezes. “I’m sure your ‘true form’ is fucking
Dean opens his eyes to someone kneeling over him, presumably trying to wake him.
Dean speaks quickly before Sam can. “Well, y’know how it is. Angels. They hear prayers. We sorta found him that way. Sam said it was like this weird supersonic prayer thing.”
The phone is back to Dean’s ear, but at that second, the call cuts off, and Dean loses his goddamn mind. “It ended—it ended— can we trace the fucking call? Shit.
Cas ignores that question and carries on placing kisses over Dean’s temple, his sideburns.
Cas squints at the radio. “I have no idea.”
was mocking him. And it wouldn’t be the first time.
“Jesus,” Sam breathes, like it’s truly sinking in for him:
“See, it’s not easy, is it,” Dean adds, like he’s trying to prove some point about his own inability to express anything personal, but again, he just sounds too earnest.
to you to get your ass out here. You came running out—”
have gone to one. He really thinks about that now, in a way he hadn’t when they were there. They could have literally walked out their motel room door and headed straight down to the oceanfront. The motel had a goddamn dolphin statue out front, paint chipped and flaking. The air was warm and soft, not chilly and bitter. He’d tasted the tang of salt and seaweed, even in the room (even in Cas’ mouth).
“Get over here, you weirdo.” Dean reaches out now, tugs on the hem of Cas’ borrowed shirt and kisses him. Cas seems almost suspiciously more awake when Dean does that, kissing back immediately. Dean draws it out, dragging his lips over Cas’ scruffy cheek before pulling away.
This thing is complicated sometimes. Every now and then it’ll just hit Dean, out of the blue, how needlessly
They tilt back over onto their sides, almost where they’d started, but with Dean hovering just slightly above Cas. And Dean knows it’s ridiculous and stupid, but it makes him feel a little less vulnerable, makes this easier, even if he’d really rather them be the other way around, like it was a moment ago when Dean was on his back—maybe next time.
There’s a single red lightbulb suspended above his head, which must have had some specific purpose back when this empty building was a factory.
“Well, okay. True.” Pursing his lips, Sam pauses. “But we still have to hunt this thing before it kills again.”
“Hey, biblical angels are supposed to have a million eyes, right?” Dean asks, curious.
“When the Empty took him.” Dean swallows, hard, loud enough to hear his throat working. And Sam freezes in place, because Dean has never even touched this topic with a ten-foot pole. “You kept asking and asking me how Cas did it. Remember? How he summoned it. And you finally dropped it, which, don’t get me wrong, was great.” Which it was, or so Dean had thought at the time, when all he wanted to do was forget about it.
When they finish, it’s quiet. The litany of cricketsong was audible as they worked, but now, even that is absent.
Finally, blessedly, Sam speaks. “Obviously I’ll research it, Dean.” And at least Sam is using that genuine tone that indicates he’ll do it, that he’s not just humoring Dean. “I mean, you were unconscious, so yeah, I’d like to know why. And if you say it wasn’t a dream, then we’ll look into that too. I wouldn’t let something like this go.”
“She has a point, Dean,” says Sam, mirth in his eyes. He’s enjoying seeing Dean squirm, probably as punishment for the whole “
His whole body must have stiffened, because Cas stills, looks at him questioningly. Dean doesn’t say anything, and he knows his eyes are too wide.
Cas nods in agreement with Sam.
“Why do you think it was that damn djinn dream that reached you, when nothing else could?” Forcing himself to maintain eye contact, Dean’s voice is quieter now. “Because I believed in it. Because—” Another breath. “When I pictured myself happy,” voice rough, “it was with you.”
, not really—”
above a cartoon depiction of, presumably, the Schenectady skyline. Dean definitely doesn’t think about the road trip that produced that bookmark, or the fact that it had definitely involved himself, Cas, and Sam driving back from a successful hunt, pleased with themselves and as at peace as they ever really could be.
An echo from the past rings in Dean’s head:
Because—oh, right. Yeah, it is. Hence Sam’s earlier armload of presents. With a frown of confusion, Dean looks down at the box inside the bag—
The kitchen radio is now playing an old song by the Everly Brothers which would fit right in on Dean ’60s tape, a song about dreams, which, thank fuck, in no way resembles Dean’s life anymore.
“Oh, come on!” Dean complains at the unfairness of it all. The first one, the ripped, huge Schwarzenegger of werewolves, still blocking Dean’s escape route from the wall, loses interest in Cas and advances on Dean again. “Any time now, Sammy!”
The pie didn’t taste as good as it had before, even though it tasted the same. He marvled at it, how something as simple as company and conversation could make food taste different.
Even worse, however, was the one beside it. Bright blue with purple flames up the sides.
“I hope we find ‘em soon cause I’m startin’ to cramp like a…” The flash of pale gold to his left stole his attention and when Dean glanced up he saw a familiar face set below a head of corn yellow hair. “Son of a bitch.”
Sam pointed at him, eyes wide and felt understood for the first time since the ‘accident’. “They’re everywhere! How the hell am I supposed to do my job if I can’t get into the fucking place!”
Bird blood in possession Dean went about finding a gold knife. A pawn shop in Everett seemed to be the best bet and he took the Impala and left Sam with an evening to himself. Dean didn’t see his brother again until late that night when he received a hushed rasping call;
The next evening, he went to the group meeting. Sat quietly, rubbing his palms on his knees self-consciously and swallowing nausea until it was his turn to speak.
It started as sudden noise in the blackness. An echoing cry of pain cut too short. A soft fizzling POP of bluewhite light, like lightning in a distant storm. Like liquid electricity.
“Why is everyone so cryptic? What happened to just giving a guy a straight answer?”
Sam thought it was worth it.
0-0-0
He stares at her, gives his head a shake in denial; “I’m not scared—“
0-0-0
Cas shook his head, “Human objects imbued with grace can be used by anyone. Even my blade can be taken from me and used by some one else. But using one’s grace as a weapon itself is different. It cannot be turned against you.
“Dean—“
Dean was quiet for a moment, thinking; “Wanna go to the park?”
“Do these plans call for the peanut gallery as well?” Sam stacked his chocolates in a neat pyramid.
Benny grabbed him under the arms and launched them up into the biggest tree he could see, highHIGHHIGHHIGH above the ground. The tree swayed ominously, rolled and rocked in its roots like it may come unfixed from the ground.
Dean scratched the back of his neck; “Cas’s sick… I don’t know what grace does to the common cold, so I’m…” He didn’t finish the sentence.
They eat in the car, simply because Dean doesn’t like how everybody’s staring at him and the dog, that and he doesn’t really give a shit if he spills coke and mustard all over the seat because this piece of crap isn’t his baby.
Dean rubbed his face tiredly; “You don’t know how to kill it.”
He looked like a normal man. Pale and scruffy in the face with a hollow sort of darkness under his too blue eyes. Rufus stared at him for a minute and wondered if he’d perhaps, stepped into the wrong room.
“I hope Sputnik pees on your boots.”
Dean stared at him.
His fingers tightened on the wheel.
Dean let out a blast of air and took a careful step back, arms crossing over his chest; “So, this is about your buddy Lucifer?”
Sam stops the car on the side of the road, taps his fingers against the steering wheel and finally cuts the engine.
“I—uh—I get why you left. I didn’t at first, not really, but I do now,” He flipped the signal light and coasted gently into the other lane, “I—“ He bared his teeth for a moment, struggling to find the right words; “I don’t know if I can go back to hunting like this.”
Rufus grumbled and ushered it back into the bucket then shoved it into Dean’s arms.
Sam made an exasperated noise, “Dean—Your—Sputnik won’t get out of the car.”
Sam goes after him anyway but when he gets into the yard he can’t see Dean anywhere. His footprints are lost in the dust and it’s almost like he’s just vanished. For a moment he thinks maybe Dean’s gone, that the last four days were an illusion and he cups his hands to his mouth, preparing to shout his brother’s name when he hears it, breaking glass. Rattling, more breaking glass.
Ellen let out a long suffering sigh; “Alright, get in here before we both get eaten alive by mosquitoes,” She upended her coffee cup over the railing and picked up her chair. Sputnik waddled slowly up the ramp and inside, went directly to her cushion and curled up with a contented yawn.
He slumps against the tree behind him, watching the couple embracing and crying and just generally being really annoying and young.
But soon enough they burst out of a gravel road onto a smoother one, the shrubs and trees clearing away, no longer blocking the sky as moonlight streams into the car, and he sees the city in the distance again, pinpricks of light on the horizon, above the treetops. He can breathe again.
Finally, they’re there, some spot mid-Tennessee, close to some town called, ironically,
At home, things are beginning to feel a little…strange.
Sam pauses his text to Eileen, and checks. “Kentucky. Just a little out of Lexington.”
“Hell, I couldn’t even tell you how I found myself here. Honestly, I couldn’t tell you much at all. I only know one thing. And it’s that I’m here because of you.
“Look at it this way,” Sam says, in the parking lot, “it’s a shorter drive to South Dakota than it would be to the bunker.”
scene for himself, too, by associating it with this; he’ll have to think of another euphemism to use, a code word in his head for the thing he has to pretend not to know about Dean and his “best buddy.”
He hears Cas speak his name—
And he looks up at Cas with a terror rising inside him that he can’t even
Sam nods again, quietly, remembering.
After, when Dean finally drifts off, it’s to a dreamless sleep.
It’s an ache low in Dean’s throat, or maybe high in his chest. He isn’t supposed to find beauty in these things. It’s not allowed. But now he can’t go back; he’s past the point of no fucking return, and probably would’ve arrived at said point years earlier if only he’d just.
Dean opens his mouth, can’t find his voice, it’s like he’s swallowing black dust. But
to reassure, to say
“I didn’t sell you on them? Really?”
in their motel room after checking in.
the government.
“We’ve seen something like this before,” Sam says, hoping to calm the guy, reassure him so they can get him quiet and then go do their fucking job, but no dice. “After you show us where you pitched your tent, we can take it from there.”
The one person
“A thing, huh?” Sam chuckles, raises his eyebrows.
“How was the drive?” Mary asks them.
Dean throws an arm over his eyes, shutting out the artificial light. All of it artificial and electric, buried deep underground, none of it real. Like those arctic explorers whose biological rhythms lose their natural cadence in the absence of light, Dean never knows if it’s night or day in the bunker without consulting the clock. He doesn’t even know if it’s seven a.m. or p.m.
And of course they’re having this conversation next to round, teal-colored flowers on garish 1970s wallpaper. In a way, being in a motel seems fitting, actually. A liminal space: not this, not that, the perfect setting for things nascent and unresolved.
Like he doesn’t understand why Dean would be experiencing longing at all.
The Impala dips into a tiny valley and rocks over a tiny bridge, next to signs warning truckers not to even risk the crossing, before climbing another hill. The incline is so abrupt that it makes Dean’s stomach float in mid-air for a few seconds before the road levels out. A large silo comes into view on the right. A tall water tower next, the faded name of a small and forgettable town printed on its side. He looks at Cas looking at it.
And Dean knows that Jack means well with his whole clockmaker stance, but when Cas smiles back at him, genuine and unreserved, they both understand the truth and the hope in Dean’s words. They’re a family of rebels, all of them. And the occasional family visit doesn’t constitute interference. Dean can see it: the breakfast and the cereal and everything, five people in the kitchen, and suddenly it doesn’t seem like such an impossible dream.
“How’d you even
Oddly enough, I don't think I'm done writing fix-its for the finale -- and definitely not done writing about the show in general. If you enjoyed this story, I'm pretty sure there's going to be more where that came from. Thank you again for your comments; they mean the world to me :)
“I— Look— I just know this is important, okay? I have to see it through.”
It sounds like a song that should be playing at night, Cas told him. In fact, most of these synthwave songs do.
Dean pauses at a stoplight, the red glare painting both their faces, dropping his hands from the wheel to absently rub his wrists again. He’s actually a little dizzy, too, but that’s probably due to lack of proper sleep. Yeah, the nightmares and everything. It’s getting late, so naturally he needs some shuteye. He hears the words
There it is.
The young guy agrees to meet them later tonight and take them out to the spot where he and Sarah were camping when she was taken. Once Dean has thrown some bills on the table and they all exit the restaurant, the kid points them towards the street that will take them furthest out from town and closest to the thick line of trees.
to tell you how extraordinary you are.” Cas lifts one hand to Dean’s face, and fuck, the praise still has him blushing.
When she turns around, carrying a shopping bag of her own, she heads straight for Dean. “Here.” Mary pushes the bag into his hands, and he blinks, taken aback.
, pieced him back together from broken fragments in Hell.
says the back of the cereal box.
“Mornin’,” Dean replies, pulling back from the embrace to look at her. She looks just the way he expected, hair a little shorter than the Mary of his childhood, face a little more careworn, because this is the real her. Not the Mary of his memories. But, after a long time of struggling to get to grips with that…he thinks that’s okay.
Out the window, there’s another church beyond a stretch of empty parking lot, a white steeple ascending, with a sign sitting closer to the road that reads
He’s seen the rocks of the southwest before, but not these particular ones, not this particular road. The toe-curling gut punch of the song comes on as the red cliffs of Nevada come into view, as the car passes between them, and Dean, in the passenger seat, cranes his neck and looks up.
Dean goes through the motions of getting ready for bed, but it doesn’t go away. It’s like the feeling he’s had all day, constantly trying to shrug off sleep and the clinging remnants of nightmares. But
But he wasn’t supposed to. Dean was supposed to be something else—he’d been trained and honed for years, like a prized weapon forged in a fire, into that something else. He’s pretty sure a lot of people couldn’t imagine him as anything
“I should’ve known, really,” Cas is murmuring to himself. “The Empty despises noise. If anything could overpower its defenses and reach me, it would be something loud.”
Back in the car, he cranks the engine and Cas’ newest radio station of choice bursts into life. Based on the chorus, Dean would put down money that the song title is “Sunglasses at Night.”
It’s so blindingly obvious that Cas is beautiful on some elemental level that Dean really should have been able to see all along, should have been able to see for
And based on Sam’s wince, yeah, that was a low blow. Too low.
The angel seems to have some kind of synesthesia going on when it comes to music. (Which, yes, Dean has heard of, he knows big words too, thanks.) Dean is shocked to realize that it makes perfect sense to him. When Cas makes offhand remarks like that, they feel right. Dean agrees—this song
“Can we stop talking about my awesome internal compass? And focus on—” Dean flails around for another topic, feeling like a drowning man with one arm above the water. “—the case?”
,” he amends, “and I’ll sit this one out. I really didn’t sleep too well, so I’m thinking of turning in early tonight.”
More gunshots from across the room as Cas fires on the second wolf. But this one is a fast fucker, leaping and evading, and a
He hears Cas’ voice. “Dean.”
times.
Inside, Dean wanders down aisles that contain not just snacks and standard gas station fare, but also travel gear, clothes, and tourist souvenirs. There’s even a flat-screen TV mounted high up in one corner, playing a western movie. He periodically hears announcements over the loudspeakers along the lines of, “
Cas’ sleeves get pushed up to his elbows at some point. When Dean glances over and notices Cas’ bare forearms, it’s such rare sight that it’s almost indecent. The motel room that first night, when Sam was the only one asleep and Cas was in a t-shirt, barely counts. Dean hadn’t been able to see much in the dark, and from so far away.
Dean is not in the mood for this. It’s the first time he hasn’t actively wanted to go on a hunt since—hell, it almost feels like it
Dean ignores his brother’s bewilderment and carries on with a note of bravado. “That djinn. What a douche,” he says, making light of it now, as always. Or trying to. “I was literally dizzy an’ shit near the end, probably the way I would’ve felt if I was actually awake at the time. That make any sense to you?”
It’s not a bad guess on Dean’s part, Sam hasn’t been above doing something like this in the past as an excuse to broach some sensitive subjects himself, but in this case it’s totally wrong. “No,” Sam sighs. Defeated.
Maybe being back in the car should be comforting, but it’s not. It’s too normal, too mundane a scene, and Dean doesn’t know how to fit into their normal life anymore after what he just did.
“So—” The adrenaline from that first phone call rushes back, like Dean’s just taken a hit of it, straight to his bloodstream. “So this is— do you see now??” he demands a little nonsensically, yanking his phone from his pocket and brandishing it at Sam like a weapon, but he has to know if they’re on the same page here. If Sam feels the gravity of this moment the way Dean does.
“You back with me, man? What happened?”
Nope, nope, nope.
Sam tosses a beer over his shoulder without even looking up when Dean walks into the kitchen. Dean catches it smoothly, a seamless transaction, the two of them like clockwork.
“You’ll never forgive yourself,” Sam says, more quietly.
Dean doesn’t even recognize the sound of his own voice when he says it. It sounds brittle and small, scraping out of his throat.
“This is like the sixth time you’ve done that in the last two hours,” Sam points out, meaning the U-turn.
“Yes!” Jack agrees, all bright enthusiasm. “A special occasion.”
“I told you, it’s like the one in there.” Mary gestures back towards the kitchen with her thumb. “It’s very—modern.” Pausing, looking a little confused herself, her gaze slides off into the middle distance. “It took me a while to figure out how to use it, but I’m sure you’ll catch on more quickly.”
And Sam is just—staring at him, still, because Dean does
Oh my
“Yeah.” Sam nods a third time, solemn understanding washing over his face, and Dean lets out a breath he never meant to hold when he sees that Sam gets it. Gets how this time was—worse. How
“Cas,” he says, his voice small and shrinking down. Barely recognizable as his own. “I don’t think this is real.”
“Which means I have to say goodbye now,” Jack tells them.
This dream isn’t the same, and this call isn’t the same, and when it was happening Dean had just
They should’ve been done with this hunt before suppertime. Now night is already falling, and they spent most of the day hiking and wandering around like amateurs.
“Hey, don’t mock my plan.” Dean grins. “It’s a good plan.”
“Like hell you are.”
“You okay, man? That—that was pretty bad. That djinn was draining you dry.” Sam shudders when he says it, and the line of worry between his brows is deep.
