“No! I’m not. No. Um. My assistant needs my help today with something personal. I told him I’d help him.”
Dean sat up in one swift movement, which did not help his headache. “Oh no. Did I actually sing karaoke?”
Dean tried not to laugh. He wasn’t sure whether Castiel liked what he saw or not, but Dean shrugged it away. He hadn’t done this for Castiel.
“No, it wasn’t,” Dean said. “I actually had a pre-Thanksgiving dinner with my family yesterday. It was a lot of fun.”
“Why not? I thought you two were friends. How are you gonna avoid him while filming a twenty episode season?”
“Let me know when all of this is too much and you just need to get out of here. Going for a drive usually works for me. And if you don’t wanna go alone, I’ll go with you.”
Castiel accepted it and thanked him, and then he asked for a burger. When he got back to the car, Dean was lying on the front seat, drumming his hands to Zeppelin.
Castiel grimaced. “Do you think I’m jealous? Who would I be jealous of? Dean is single. There’s no one for me to be jealous of.” Castiel narrowed his eyes. “Has Dean mentioned being interested in someone to you?”
“Dandy!” Ben cheered, running up to Dandy on the couch. Ben hugged Dandy like he hadn’t seen her in years rather than one week. Dean felt horrible.
? When Dean and I were friends? Why?” Then it dawned on him. Lisa must have assumed that something had been going on between them at the time. “Dean and I never crossed the friendship line when he was with you, or I with Amelia. We would have never done that.”
Castiel pressed a soft kiss to Dean’s lips. “It is.” Another kiss. “Why do we have to go to work today? I’d rather be doing other things.”
Saying goodbye to Dallas, Fort Worth, and the memories they’d made in these cities was unfortunate. Castiel wished their trip had been longer. However, they had a daughter to take care of, so they didn’t really have the privilege of long vacations. Well, at least not on their own. Maybe on their next getaway, they could bring Claire. She would love to go horseback riding. She loved animals.
flooding his mind. Dean and Castiel had had a few drinks. They’d danced together. They’d whispered secrets into each other’s ears. They’d snuck off to Dean’s trailer because Dean had had enough and he needed to make his move. And then, they’d kissed, soft and slow and deep. Dean had put it all on the table. And Castiel had kissed him back with an eagerness that surprised Dean. Greedy hands grabbing Dean everywhere, sneaking under his sweater. Dean had left a hickey on Castiel’s neck, and Castiel had moaned his approval.
Dean squished Ben into his chest. He kissed his face until Ben squirmed, trying to get away from him. Dean laughed, putting him back down, and Ben ran right back to play with Dandy again.
“Alright, I can wait until the third date. I just don’t understand why you want to. I don’t know why you’re putting so much effort.”
Dean wondered if it would have been more meaningful to wait and try out the chairs until Lisa sat in the one Castiel was currently in. The one meant for her. But Dean liked sitting out on his front porch with Castiel, too. It felt good, sharing this moment with him. And why shouldn’t Castiel get dibs when he was the one who helped Dean bring the chairs over?
Dean bit into a fry. “He’s tall, way taller than me. He’s twenty-six, four years younger than me. He’s the smartest guy I know. He’s a divorce attorney, married to another divorce attorney. He’s funny, but I never let him think so. He’s a very honest man, and a firm believer in justice.”
“Oh, this is awkward,” Bela said, looking from Castiel to Dean. “Sorry, I forgot to invite your friend.”
Dean sipped his drink. “His name was John. John had his own dark past. Abusive dad, mom who ran out on them both. My dad, he started drinking when he was still a kid, still in middle school. By the time he reached his twenties, he was a full drunk. That’s when he met my mom, her name was Mary. They met where they worked. They were both mechanics, and the way my dad always told the story, my mom wouldn’t date him until he gave up the drink.” Dean smiled at Castiel. “So, he quit drinking. Even started going to AA meetings. My dad got his act together, and then married my mom. They had me, and then two years later Sammy.”
Thanksgiving came suddenly this year. That was probably because Dean had been so busy with Claire that every day went by in a blur of dirty diapers and baby formula and puke. Dean and Castiel had found a routine that worked for them. When Dean went back to work, Castiel spent the day with Claire, but after work, Dean was in charge of Claire while Castiel worked on the revisions of his book. They still took turns getting up when Claire woke up in the middle of the night.
“Dean,” Castiel said, and Dean looked at him again. Castiel placed a hand on his cheek, rubbing his thumb against his cheekbone. “You’re going to have to stop with that superstitious belief that you are unlucky. You aren’t.”
During the hour-long drive to the Roadhouse, Castiel lost track of Dean’s Impala a few times, and they were probably the worst moments of his life. Without any working phones and with random disasters at every corner, Castiel feared the worst. Granted, they were both going to the same place, but there were a thousand things that could go wrong on such a long drive. Not to mention it was already late in the evening and it was harder to keep track of anything. Castiel blamed Dean for picking a counselor so far away from home, but he also blamed himself for being too stubborn to get in the Impala when Dean had suggested it.
And then, Bela burst into tears. It was the quickest Dean had seen anyone go from not crying to crying an ocean. This felt a lot more like a scene from a very bad soap opera than a real argument between his friends. Dean reached out a hand to hold Charlie’s on the table, but Castiel held him back, and then shook his head.
“Dean?” Sam said, gasping. “Dean? I can’t believe it’s you. Did you get a new number? I’ve been calling your old cell for months.”
. Despite how rich the song sounded, it had been loud enough to stir him from his sleep, so it could have just as easily been nails on a chalkboard. Dean forced himself out of bed, and in record time, he was dressed and ready to go.
The grilled cheese was just like Dean remembered from his childhood. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d had one, but it reminded him of those easy days when he had few worries. The sun was setting, and the sky was full of purples and reds and oranges. It was beautiful. Dean had forgotten how nice it was to look at sunsets. Beside him, Mary sighed, like she’d forgotten too.
“Glad I could help,” Dean said, looking back down at his half-eaten burger. “I should get back to work.”
From behind a stove, Castiel glanced at him with wide eyes. Castiel knew something was wrong. He seemed to be debating whether to stop what he was doing and rushing over to Dean. Dean shook his head. Someone had to get this done.
Dean knew Ben would enjoy it, at least. “Sure, we’ll be there soon. And Cas? Thanks for being a good friend.”
“Apparently,” Kevin said. “Listen, I think it’s great. I wanted this season to head in the direction of your characters getting together because what you two have is palpable. But I can see where these people are coming from. I’m no publicist, or agent, or anything like that. I’m just a writer. But I think you should clear the air. I think you should tell the world the truth before the rumors keep spreading like wildfire.”
“You’ve thought of this?” Dean dug his teeth into Castiel’s inner thigh, licking the area afterwards.
Dean laughed exasperatedly as he fumbled with the sheets to climb out of the couch, making a ruckus all the while. “Coming!” he called to Sam. “Go to sleep,” he said to Castiel as he walked past. “I got it from here.”
“Perfect,” Castiel said, grabbing a clean towel to dry the dishes with. He worked meticulously, in silence. Dean spared him a few glances to see the way he focused so much on the simple task of drying dishes.
Dean swallowed. That sounded a lot like a date. But that couldn’t be true. Castiel was Dean’s professor. He wouldn’t ask Dean out on a date without Dean knowing it was a date. No, Castiel wouldn’t ask Dean out on a date at all. That was out of the question. “Yeah, I like Italian. Are you inviting Charlie to dinner too?” Dean had to ask since Castiel was bringing Charlie along to their gay bar outing.
The rest of their day was spent watching horror movies and eating pizza until they couldn’t eat anymore. Castiel sat beside Dean on the couch, and Dean threw an arm casually around his shoulders. Castiel wasn’t sure where they stood after the two times they’d kissed—or made out—but he was glad that Dean wasn’t weirded out by the situation. Castiel had been expecting things to change between them. And they had, but for the better.
When Dean returned, Ash had already set up the plates and silverware for them. Dean wanted to hug the guy, but he was already back in the kitchen.
The excitement Dean felt was because Castiel was back in his life. Because Castiel still wanted to be close to Dean, even though he wasn’t gay and he didn’t want Dean in the same way. Castiel didn’t care. He still wanted Dean’s friendship, after all these years.
Dean searched through the cabinets for a mug, and grabbed a big red one. He waited for the coffee maker to finish making the coffee. The two of them stood in silence for a moment.
Rhonda grinned, her lips a deep red and her teeth blindingly white. She looked flawless, and she had been brought here as Dean’s date. Leaving Castiel as not the third wheel, but the fifth wheel. How much worse could this get?
Castiel grinned immediately. It was embarrassing how easily Dean could make Castiel grin like an idiot in love. Maybe because he
There was only one piece of pie left, and Charlie beat Dean to it. With a smug smile, she took a big bite of it.
When Dean saw Castiel again, it all came back to him. Like a movie reel playing in his mind. God, how long had it been? Ten years? They’d been eighteen the last time they’d talked. Suddenly, all Dean could think about was those long Kansas summers on the bed of Castiel’s pickup truck, stargazing. The many meals they shared together at Judy’s diner. And the one time they’d kissed, the night before Castiel moved away to New York for college.
Dean covered Castiel’s mouth with his own, wrapping his arms around Castiel’s neck, letting him continue walking him backwards until his knees hit the bed and they both tumbled down.
Dean bolted to his feet, laughing forcefully. “Oh, Sam, you’re such a jokester. I’ve actually just started getting to know Cas—Castiel, and he’s been kind enough to bring me one of his pies, and a coffee.”
With that, Castiel grabbed his lunch bag and headed into the breakroom, walking with more confidence than any given celebrity.
“Well, I was thinking about making some sushi at the house, and then eating a lot of heart-shaped chocolate in front of the TV. We could watch a dumb romcom, too. You know, to make fun of it.”
Dean did, gladly. He went back inside, licking through the tight space until Castiel relaxed and allowed him entrance. He’d only done this a few times before because he didn’t have a long history as a top, but he was glad to do this with Castiel. He wanted to show Castiel all the different ways he could gain pleasure with Dean. Castiel had always been extremely receptive to anything new Dean wanted to try in bed, and vice versa. He’d never get tired of trying new things with Castiel and getting to see his reactions and to hear the surprised little sounds that escaped him.
Dean felt that same flutter in his stomach he’d felt the day before. He couldn’t stop smiling at Castiel, even when Sam cleared his throat and announced that he was leaving. “I’ll walk you out.”
For the first time, Castiel looked completely shocked. He struggled to put his gun back in its holster and reached for Dean’s hand.
“Yeah, I know,” Dean said, following Castiel with his eyes as he sat on a stool at the bar. Castiel dug his fingers in his hair as he waited for his drink. Dean had the urge to walk up to him and take him in his arms. But The last thing Castiel would want is for Dean to ruin everything. Again.
“I’ve been meaning to ask, but what are the chances your dad will show up here?” Dean asked. “Because I don’t know how much that will worsen the situation for Cas. From what he’s told me, he can’t even stand being near him.”
Castiel lifted his head to look into Dean’s eyes. “It’s alright. You’re not ready to have sex with me yet. I understand. There’s no rush.”
Dean took a deep breath. “Yeah. Okay. We can do this. I’m the Serpent, and you’re Eve, and we’re going to steal the show.”
“Your old co-star is sitting at the bar all alone,” Jo said. “He said he was waiting for Charlie Bradbury.”
Gabriel took out the stick from his lollipop, which was all that was left. He made the stick disappear, and a new one, brand new, reappear in his hand. He removed the wrapper without any tricks, and put it in his mouth. “However, with all game shows there are rules. And this one has a limit of three contestants per game. And of course, only one winner. I cannot grant more. It is not in my power. I am risking my life and the lives of my soldiers every day. But all you ask is, why not let you win? Well, why bend the rules for you, when you are no different than anyone else? You, Dean Winchester, are nothing special. You are just a man who killed an angel. You have potential, but so does Meg, and so does Castiel.”
“Nice try, but that’s not gonna cut it.” Dean shifted onto his back, staring up at Castiel with those beautiful green eyes. “I wanna celebrate you coming home. It’s a big deal to me. Let me have this.”
Castiel closed the distance between them and pushed his way between Dean’s parted legs, carding his fingers through Dean’s hair.
Castiel didn’t even bother with pleasantries. He rose from his seat, hovered for a few seconds with his eyes glued to Dean, and then turned to walk out the door.
At that, Dean laughed, a carefree sound that filled the small space around them. “Yeah, good job, baby.”
Another student raised her hand. Dean knew her name was Claire, but he’d never talked to her before.
Castiel’s eyebrows were furrowed as he shut his laptop and set it on the coffee table. He cleared his throat. “What are you doing here?”
Dean looked at him. For some odd reason, Dean felt he could trust Castiel. He’d only known him for one day, but he knew he was a decent person. “I got mugged.”
wanna seduce you. But not right now. And not right here.” Dean looked around the crowded office, and nothing screamed of romance. When he looked back at Cas, he looked more confused than before. “I think I owe you three dates before I get to seduce you. Like, real dates. I liked what you described before. Maybe we can make those dates happen for us.”
It was late at night during the week. Castiel was tired and wanting nothing more than to go to bed, but Naomi wanted a snack, so Castiel was in the kitchen making her a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Without the crusts, of course. Naomi wasn’t only high maintenance, she was rude and inconsiderate. But she was his mom and she was in a lot of pain and Castiel had chosen to be here, taking care of her.
Maybe Dean wasn’t all that terrible at mediating because, at least for the rest of dinner, Castiel and Anna stopped bickering. Dean tried to make small talk, but it was like pulling teeth with those two. But Dean couldn’t keep ignoring the elephant in the room. Anna had brought luggage with her. Was she planning on staying with them?
That wasn’t the perfect solution that Dean had been waiting for. “How long would we have to keep this up? This long-distance thing?”
they been in the middle of, anyway? What had they been doing the entire night? Shamelessly flirting? “It’s alright, Sammy. Thank you guys for doing this for us.”
Dean reached inside, moving over Cas to grab the chocolates he’d left on the seat. He handed them to Cas, kissing his cheek. “I hope you like them.”
Dean gestured for an empty table, and Sam followed hesitantly. Once they were facing each other, Dean asked, “What’s bugging you, Sammy?”
Dean made Castiel behave like a teenager with a crush, and it was resulting to be just as humiliating as being in high school all over again.
After a lot of protesting from Castiel, Dean held up his fork with a piece of his chocolate cake. “Here, try mine.” Castiel opened his mouth and Dean fed him the cake. “It’s good, huh?”
They did their shots. And then the other two. Dean was finally starting to feel it. Four shots and one beer in, he was starting to dance at the table. Castiel had this giddy look on his face, chuckling every time Dean shimmied his shoulders to the music. Castiel found Dean absolutely hilarious, and Dean realized he liked making Castiel laugh.
“I still have your phone,” Dean said, rubbing the back of his neck. “I wanted to call your sister and maybe also your mom to let them know what happened. But I figured it’s best to ask you first.”
John Winchester would have never allowed Dean to quit a project this big. It wasn’t the right thing to do.
“Anna insisted that something should happen between us.” Castiel tilted his head. “I don’t understand why people think friendships aren’t important. It’s because you’ve been my friend so long that I feel this way about you.”
There was silence in the car as they all stared out the windows. It was somehow impossible to move, to breathe, knowing that a life had been lost to the whim of an angry God and his herd of angels. Dean didn’t think he could hate something as much as he hated them. In fact, they were right up there with Castiel’s bastard of a father.
“Yes,” Castiel breathed. He moved his hand up to Dean’s shoulder. “Tell me, Dean, am I alone in this? Or do you feel the same way too?”
The first person Dean saw when he entered his house was his mom, sitting on the couch with Castiel. God knew what they were talking about because she was smiling like Dean had never seen her smile before.
Since it was too late to wait for Dean to cook, they picked up Chinese food and took it back to Dean’s apartment. They ate on the floor off of the coffee table, their backs against the couch as they watched
Castiel took a deep breath before his hand found Dean’s thigh, and he gripped it the same way Dean had all night.
“Dean,” Castiel said, holding his gaze. Dean’s too green eyes were looking back at him, open and honest. How could Castiel lie to him? Why
“No. I just thought we were getting carried away,” Castiel said, biting his lip. God, that wasn’t helping the situation at all.
Amelia shook her head, smiling up at him as she put her phone back down. Dandy lifted her head from her place on the couch right beside her. “Castiel was heading out to pick up dinner, but it’s alright. Is everything okay, Dean?”
Dean nodded. He almost didn’t want to break off the closeness between Charlie and Jo back at the table, but he didn’t want to just disappear. “Hey, guys.”
Dean threw his head back in laughter. “I would never dream of being better looking than Oscar Wilde.”
The waiting room was nearly empty. It must not have been a busy night at the hospital. Dean was holding a Styrofoam cup with tea in his hands that Anna had given him. He was trying to remember the last time he had a panic attack that felt that bad, but he stopped trying to remember. He knew the answer, and it wasn’t something he wanted to think of at the moment. All he knew was that he owed so much to Anna. He didn’t know what he would have done without her taking charge. If it had only been Dean and Castiel, what the hell would have happened to them out there?
“Come on. We can’t just pretend that we haven’t kissed before. We’re past the fact that we’re both attracted to each other.” Dean nudged Castiel’s bare ribs.
They had to hike about ten minutes from the car to their reserved spot right by the lake. Dean and Castiel lit the way with the flashlights with Ben walking in the middle for safety.
So, Dean flipped Castiel onto his back on the couch, kneeling between his legs, and licked his lips, which were a little too dry. He nudged Castiel on the side. “On your stomach.”
“Hey.” Dean came back outside, sitting on the step beside Castiel. He’d put his guitar away and had brought back a thin blanket to spread over both of their legs.
Castiel looked confused for a second, and then he looked down at his tie. “I won’t fix my tie for you, dumbo. I’m closer to reporting you to HR for cursing in the workplace.”
“You’re right,” Dean said, nodding. He’d been premeditating losing his friends, but he still had four days with them. He would ruin his own trip just thinking about having to say goodbye to them.
“Oh.” Castiel raised his eyebrows. He moved aside, allowing her to come inside. “Ames, you have a guest.”
The restaurant was all the way at the top of the glowing ball. There was a deck where they could stand and gaze at the city. In the night, thousands of lights lit the skyscrapers. But Castiel only got a small glimpse because Dean couldn’t stand the sight. At least the inside of the restaurant was normal. On second thought, the restaurant wasn’t entirely normal—it was spinning. Granted, the revolving aspect was slow, but it didn’t help the situation.
Dean laughed, though it was a weak effort. “I know. But Cas makes me want to give him more than what I usually give. It just comes easy when it’s with him. He’s…he’s still the best thing that’s happened to me. I can’t imagine my life without him.” Dean shrugged, looking at his feet. “That’s why I don’t mind the talking.”
Dean’s tongue had a mind of its own inside Castiel’s mouth. It was filthy. Castiel loved it. Dean had moved one of his hands to thread through Castiel’s hair, the other still cupping Castiel’s cheek in the gentlest way.
“I saw that your friend Meg was a judge,” Dean said. “I bet that’s why you won with me. Otherwise, you would have lost, just like everyone else.”
Dean remembered that. He’d kept that book, carrying it with him every time he moved, making sure it didn’t get damaged. Dean had cherished that book for the last ten years. “I didn’t really have a way of giving it back to you.”
Castiel stopped yelling, but then something even worse happened. His blue eyes opened, and a light shone out of them. A bright white light. He looked like a specter. Dean didn’t want to blink for fear that he’d miss something.
Castiel lowered his menu, too, meeting Dean in the middle until they were only a few inches apart. “I’m well aware that none of this is necessary. This is something I want to do. Let me show you this side of me. Indulge me in this romantic fantasy of mine.”
“No,” Dean said, digging his knees further on the gravel of the sidewalk. “Sam’s not dead. Sam and Jess are alive, Cas. I know they are. Help me move this.” Dean continued shoving the pieces aside, digging and digging until his fingers were bleeding.
Dean swallowed the rest of his beer and nodded. He had promised Castiel to take it slow, and he intended on keeping that promise, but Dean wanted to be alone with Castiel now more than ever.
“What do you think?” Amelia asked, biting her lip, a bit sheepishly. How was it possible that Amelia was still self-conscious about her art when it was something that she did perfectly?
“I just drank all the water you gave me!” Dean said, throwing his arms out. “Why’d you bring me such a large water bottle, anyway?”
“I’m from Lawrence, Kansas.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “I lived there until I graduated from high school. My dad, he passed away around that time. So me, my mom, and Sammy moved. We didn’t want to live in the town where we had memories of him. We moved to Austin ‘cause my aunt and uncle live here. We’ve been living here ever since.”
Yeah, Dean knew Pamela’s look very well. They’d hooked up a couple of times, and it’d been fun, but that’s all it ever was with Pamela. A fun time. “Sounds good. I guess I’ll see you there.”
Dean looked him in the eye. “I hurt him too. After I kissed him the first time, he ran away from me because he was afraid. And then I went off and started publicly dating Sarah. You know, that model. It was all a huge misunderstanding. Cas and I have been stupidly pining over each other all these years. And now we finally get to be together. I know you’re worried about me, but I have been waiting all my life to be with Cas, and I’m not gonna let him go, no matter the risks.”
“Just relax,” Anna said. “Castiel and I aren’t going anywhere. And anyway, this road trip isn’t over yet.”
Dean got to working with his marker on Castiel’s face. He drew whiskers on him, and he braved himself by drawing a big circle on his nose. Castiel moved his nose, like it tickled him, but he didn’t wake up. Dean held back his laughter, bolding the lines of his whiskers.
“I’m not mad,” Dean said, pushing his plate of soggy cereal away. “I’m glad you called, actually. It’s not easy being in my head lately.”
Castiel threw his bag on the floor and slipped out of his shoes. “I forgot to bring sleeping clothes. Can I borrow one of your shirts?”
“Her name’s Catrina,” Charlie said, moving closer to the gap between the back and front seat. “She was my closest friend in high school. I loved her, and she loved me, but not in the same way. When I lost my mom, she was the only light in my life. I never felt alone with her. After college, I moved up north, but we never lost touch. I always meant to drive down to visit her again, but I never got around to it. I’ve always kept her separate from every other part of my life, that’s why I’ve never mentioned her before. Now I just need to know she’s safe.”
They ate their tacos in comfortable silence. The night was beautiful. There was laughter all around them. Castiel was glad that they’d changed their plans. Although any time spent with Dean was always fantastic.
“Well, the angel watches him all the time. Raking leaves, mowing the lawn, cooking dinner, working out. The angel says he’s doing it all to learn human behavior and mannerism, but if that was the case, he’d probably be following around a lot more people. But he’s only focused on this one man, in the entire world. I know you’re straight as a ruler, but I’m not. So, maybe in your eyes that doesn’t seem as gay as it does to me.”
Much later, after everyone had left, Dean drove Castiel home. They were sitting in the car, parked across the street from his house. Castiel was stalling because he wouldn’t see Dean again until Monday. For some reason, that felt unbearable. Dean was playing an old Zeppelin tape and talking Castiel’s ear off about his plans after graduation.
“Fine.” Amelia sighed. “But you should know that when I told him I was coming here with you, he stared at me for a solid minute without saying a word. I’m sure he’s not happy about feeling excluded.”
Castiel finished tying his shoes and then raised an eyebrow at Dean. “Are you prepared to lose, Winchester?”
“What are you doing here?” Dean roamed his eyes over Castiel, noticing first his red-rimmed eyes. Dean would bet a thousand dollars that Castiel hadn’t slept well the night before. It was obvious how tired he was. But there was something different. Castiel didn’t have that zoned- out look anymore. He looked confident, if slightly nervous. And he smelled of greasy food.
know that Castiel cared about him, so much that he often made Dean feel like the center of the universe. But Dean decided not to read too much into that.
They were in front of a garage attached to a broken-down house. There was a bright yellow glow underneath the door. Castiel heard a few muffled noises from the other side of the door.
“Are you a devil too?” Castiel asked, raising his eyebrows. Apparently, he had a lot to learn about heaven and hell. Not to mention that kind of knowledge could come in handy lately.
“Dean, I just wanted to wish you good luck tonight. I’ll be tuning in to your livestream on YouTube. I thought you were going alone.”
Dean gaped at his phone. Castiel had definitely heard his conversation with Charlie. How much had he heard? Oh God. Dean was not prepared for this.
Shit. Dean hadn’t thought about any of that. Of course Amelia would hate the thought of going camping, especially in her state. It was a stupid idea. “Sorry, man. I wasn’t thinking.”
Castiel turned to look at Naomi, who was sleeping so peacefully. Her frown lines were gone only when she slept. Castiel knew that Naomi had never known how to be affectionate towards pretty much anyone, much less her children. But it was good to know that she did care about Castiel and his career, and that she didn’t begrudge him the fact that he’d left at eighteen to live his own life away from his family. This was all Castiel had been looking for. Approval. And now that he had it, he felt a thousand times better.
“Well, it’s the truth. And I know it’s not your fault that you’re so deeply depressed and can hardly function. I know that. But if you would just let us help you. If you would just see a professional—”
Castiel never thought he’d have to lean in to smell his baby’s diaper, but that was what he did. And it smelled like urine. “I think she needs a change.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “I can fix the stupid car. I wish I could fix you, too. Just put my fingers on your head and take all the pain away.”
“Well, that is great news,” Esther said. “It’s good to know you’re happy again, sweetheart. Robert and I always worry about you.”
Castiel looked away, chewing on his lip. “I already accepted a job offer. It’s at a community college. I’ll be an art teacher, teaching drawing classes. It’s my dream job.”
They kissed again, rocking against each other, slow rhythmic movements that almost sent Dean over the edge. But then Castiel broke the kiss and trailed open-mouthed kisses down Dean’s chest, all the way to his thigh, where he kissed the inside of it. Dean squirmed under the attention, and held his breath when Castiel removed his boxer briefs. Dean dug his fingers into Castiel’s hair as he went down on him, gasping with every suction.
Lisa nodded, looking down at her feet. “Yeah, I’m aware of that. I’ve lived with that guilt for a long time now, Dean. I’ve thought about all of the other ways I could have acted. What I did shouldn’t have even crossed my mind. It was….disgusting. I see that now. I left you broken. I could see it in your eyes.”
“Actually, yeah, that sounds good.” Sam searched the room until he found Kevin. “Hey, man, mind getting me my usual?”
Could angels heal people from memories? From injuries? If angels could cause so much death and destruction, couldn’t they also heal and repair?
After they finished eating, Dean took Claire into the nursery to get her changed again and to make her a new bottle because she was most likely hungry by now. He didn’t notice that Castiel had followed him until he heard the door shut behind him.
. He’d found the show absolutely hilarious and he was too emotionally invested in David and Patrick’s story. Maybe that was why he didn’t hear Castiel come back into the room, but he did feel him climb on top of him.
Dean glanced back at Lisa. “I don’t think so.” Then he looked at Ben. “But we’ll be right next door. And you can sleep in this house anytime. It’s your house, too, Ben. I’ll run it by Cas first, but maybe we can even turn the guest room into your room. That way you can have two rooms, just for you.”
Sam looked at the Cokes in his hands, and then he switched one for a Sprite. “Alright. But if Aunt Ellen throws this Sprite at me, I’ll throw another one at you.”
Castiel had met Dean on their Sophomore year of high school. Despite all his confidence, Dean hadn’t been a jock, or even very popular. Dean was sort of a misfit, never a part of any group or clique. If anything, Castiel was more of a popular guy than Dean. That was mostly because he had been in theater, and it was easy to make friends that way.
Dean moved aside as Sam approached their mom and embraced her. Once his mom was done with Sam and Jess, Dean introduced them both to Castiel. Fortunately, Sam and Jess were both polite and didn’t tease Dean about anything. “Can I get drinks for everyone?”
Castiel opened it to find a golden watch that looked extremely expensive. Castiel gaped up at them, holding the watch carefully in his hands. “You shouldn’t have. This is too much.”
Was he worried about that? It seemed like he was at one point. But now? “I don’t know. I know that I don’t wanna be just friends, obviously. Now that I have this, I couldn’t give it up. I couldn’t give you up.”
“Dean, this is the most amazing crib I’ve ever seen.” He gaped at Dean. “I can’t believe you built this.”
On Ben’s second try, he knocked two other pins, and he cheered again. Then he gave everyone a high five, taking a seat beside Dean.
But Castiel didn’t seem to care. As soon as he was off the phone, his gaze traveled down the length of Dean’s body. The same longing he’d had in his eyes before had returned with more intensity. Castiel was looking at Dean like Dean was the center of the universe and it was fucking incredible.
Castiel frowned. He’d never known this about Dean. “You don’t believe you’ll ever find someone right for you?”
There was something about Castiel that rattled Dean, inside and out. In a good way. In the best way.
Now Dean was crying again, and Castiel cried too. Dean cleaned Castiel’s tears while he waited for his own tears to stop so he could say his vows. “Cas, when I met you, I convinced myself that I hated you. I convinced myself of this for three whole years. But really, the only one I was fooling was me. I thought hating you was fun because I got to argue with you, but the thing that made it fun was just talking to you. You were always this constant in my life. Always there, by my side. You were the one person I looked forward to seeing every morning at work. And I never understood why it meant so much to me having you there every day. And then we became friends, and I found it impossible to stay away from you, day and night. I can’t believe it took me this long to recognize my feelings for you. I love you with all my heart. I can’t wait to spend the rest of my life with you.”
“Yeah, I needed a shower to wake me up. I was up with Claire for an hour so it’s a miracle I woke up this early.”
Castiel let out a long breath of relief, leaning his head back on the wall. That was one less concern in his mind, at least.
When Castiel finally joined Dean on the couch, he was delighted to have his first sip of coffee. He yawned before he took another sip.
Understanding, Castiel took Dean entirely in his mouth, and this time, Dean did yelp. It was a desperate sound that made Castiel smile smugly. Dean grabbed onto Castiel’s hair, careful not to pull too roughly as Castiel took him in further. And then, when he started to move, Dean was a babbling mess.
“These are all stunning,” Castiel said, closing the book. “I think we’re going to make a great team when we write our novel.”
“Because I won’t wait until we hate each other,” Dean said, tossing the suitcase at Castiel, who caught it reflectively. “More than we already do, I mean.”
“Alright, Charlie, we better get going.” Dean grabbed his messenger bag, pushed in his chair, and followed Charlie to the stairs.
They waited for a cab in comfortable silence. Castiel was highly conscious of Dean staring at him, but he waived it off as the lingering drunkenness instead of the kiss they’d just shared. Although, Castiel’s thoughts kept going back to that kiss for some reason. Maybe it was because it had never occurred to him that he would end up kissing Dean tonight, or because Castiel had enjoyed it so much. And maybe Dean was thinking the same thing. But Castiel was not about to bring up the kiss just to discuss it in depth with his best friend. That would be quite odd.
Castiel excused himself from the table to give them more privacy. As the night wore on, the men who’d showed solely for Dean started leaving. It was getting late, after all, and the interviews seemed to come to a halt.
“Alright, if you say so.” Dean withdrew his hand and used it to brush back Castiel’s hair from his forehead. “You need a haircut.”
When Castiel made it back outside, he stopped to kiss Amelia’s cheek on his way to Dean. Amelia seemed to be getting along well with Lisa. Then again, Amelia got along well with everyone. She was just that charming. Castiel, well, he didn’t exactly have her people skills.
Sam looked over his shoulder, and he spotted Jess and Rhonda making their way back to the table, so when he spoke, he did it fast. “Dean, just give her a chance. Do it for me. If it’s not a good match, I’ll understand. Just
Castiel had never considered that any of his books would be picked up to be adapted into a movie or even a series. His books did well. They sold enough that they were on their second printing, and had been translated into five languages, but he didn’t think he had the hype necessary for them to become movies. But now that Dean said it, his new book would actually make for an exciting movie. Thinking about that made him want to keep writing. Maybe he could make the action scenes even more cinematic. The chances were probably very slim for his new book to get turned into a movie, but it was fun to dream.
“My stash is on the coffee table,” Castiel said, keeping his eyes on Kevin. A slow grin spread of his face. “The couch doesn’t look slept in. Were you sleeping in the room?”
Dean smirked because he didn’t think that would stick, but apparently it did. He hadn’t realized that Lisa had been staring closely at him until he got off the call.
Amelia chuckled halfheartedly. “No, nothing like that. Dean, it was my pleasure meeting Sam and Jess. I’m glad we’ll get to see them again next weekend.”
Castiel didn’t want to imagine a life without Dean, the same way he’d never wanted to imagine a life without Amelia. “You will never get to find out. You’re stuck with us.”
Ben wanted to go first, and no one protested. An employee lifted the bumpers used for kids and Ben rolled the small bowling ball. He almost lost his balance and toppled over, but he held his ground and stayed on his feet. That kid might have been small but he was mighty.
song on his phone because she seemed to really enjoy the music from that weird train show. That managed to do the trick and Claire finally relaxed on Dean’s lap.
“It’s our last night in Dallas.” Castiel knew that he would miss this city. It had brought him so much joy.
They got another round of beers as they listened to Charlie’s crazy morning at work. She had the weirdest coworkers in the IT department.
“Is there something wrong?” Castiel asked, rounding the counter to stand in front of Dean. He glanced at the bag in Dean’s hand. “Are you returning the pie I sent over earlier?”
“I am?” Anna asked. “Thank you for saying that. I love this little munchkin so much.” She hesitated for a moment. “Sometimes, I wish we didn’t live so far away from each other.”
Something dawned on Dean, and he nodded slowly. Charlie moved first, taking Dean in her arms and kissing his head. Dean clung to her like she was his last source of strength.
Castiel cleared his throat, finally letting go of Dean and adjusting his shirt. “Would you like some tea? It’s good, I promise.”
At some point—on his fourth or fifth glass—Dean pulled out his cell phone and dialed Lisa’s number, which he still hadn’t deleted. Lisa had claimed that she would change her number, but what if that had been a lie? After all, Lisa was a professional liar.
Fortunately, Dean seemed very confident in his camping skills and, for better or for worse, Castiel had complete trust in him.
Dean remained oblivious to the stares as he dug into his food, wrinkling his nose as he chewed. “Is this supposed to taste citrusy?”
“Wait, do you think the people who complained did it because they hate us?” Dean asked. “They don’t want us to be friends?”
Taking care of himself? Dean wasn’t sure how to do that. It was a foreign concept. Jody had tried to talk to him about self-care countless times, but it seemed to be one of those things that had never really stuck. Dean had a habit of putting everyone ahead of himself. He didn’t know how to put himself first. Ever. How would he even start?
“I didn’t have much time this morning,” Castiel said, sheepishly. “I wanted to draw Saturn, and a few moons, but I messed up the first few times. It just looked like a lot of circles. I usually just do the art for myself. I never care how good it looks. But I wanted you to like it.”
When they made it to the area near the front entrance of the Best Buy, they found where all the noisy excitement was coming from. The large crowd that filled all the way to the street had created a circle, where a few people were performing what looked like magic tricks, though they weren’t all that impressive. Mostly beginner stuff.
Castiel pulled up at the Wal-Mart, parking far from the entrance. The parking lot was as packed as any other day, which was at least one normal aspect. There were people walking to and from their cars, carrying bags and pushing shopping carts, all the while glaring at their cell phones.
Dean wasted no time locking lips with Castiel. By now, this was practically second nature for him. Kissing Castiel was Dean’s favorite pastime. There was nothing he’d rather be doing. This was where he’d always want to be. Screw the cold. They had enough body heat between them to last them a lifetime.
Dean didn’t want to think about family anymore. He changed the subject quickly. “So, are either of you married?”
And then something surreal happened—more surreal than dead bodies falling from the sky. An enormous winged human materialized on top of the building they had just exited. The human looked like a man aside from the giant gray bird wings extended at his sides. A wide grin spread on the man’s face, contrasting his intimidating demeanor of his black attire, and then with the snap of his fingers, the building was demolished. One second it was standing solid and the next it was rubble. Just like that. Impossible and yet so real. The building became nothing.
Dean and Castiel walked mostly in comfortable silence, listening to the chirping of the birds, and the sound of the cicadas. It would be so easy getting lost in here. Dean walked closer to Castiel as they got deeper in the trail. When their hands brushed, Dean pretended he didn’t notice. It was until their hands brushed again when he hooked his pinky finger around Castiel’s.
“What? No, Dean, that’s not what I meant when I said I had bad news. It’s not as bad as cancer, trust me.”
“Dean, you’ve got quite a hit list out for you. I don’t envy you. That can’t be easy. But at least you have the help of my rebellious big brother. That must be a relief.”
Anna snorted. “No one ever grows out of music. Maybe you grow out of listening to the same old songs, but not music altogether. Take Castiel, for instance. He was a huge Katy Perry fan—which still completely baffles me—and now he only listens to Vance Joy.”
“Yeah, I didn’t think you did. It’s not like we ever talk.” Anna shrugged. “I try to call Dad and Mom every week, but they never give me more than a few minutes of their time, if that. So it’s not like they’re invested in my life enough to know anything. And with my job, dating has become an impossibility. But flings never turn into anything serious for me. So, I don’t think I’ll ever get to have a family of my own.”
Castiel stepped inside with Dean trailing behind. The living room was as neat as Castiel had left it, and the couch was obviously not slept in. Not that Castiel was nosey, but he was very curious at the moment.
“Dean, I can’t just not buy a crib. The sales…” Castiel trailed off. Something occurred to him. “Wait, did you buy a crib for Claire?”
Dean looked up at her. Anna and Castiel were sitting together again, while Dean sat across from them. Back to normal, maybe.
Castiel hung up, staring at his phone like it was the thing responsible for this tragedy. He was full of mixed feelings, but the most prominent one of them was fear. Fear of losing a parent who hadn’t been much of a parent to him. That didn’t make any of this easier, though. Was it supposed to? Why was Castiel so fucking worried about his mom when he couldn’t remember the last time he’d ever spoken to her? Why were his hands shaking and his eyes welling up with tears? Why was he about to lose it right now? Why, why, why.
“She said that?” Castiel asked, eyebrows raised. “She’s very protective of that car. She must really like you to make that offer. Or she must really like your car. Could be either.”
had become their new little tradition. They loved going there to unwind and destress, but most importantly, Dean thought it would be good for Charlie. The woman needed some fun. All she did was work and worry about her damn wife who was still MIA.
“That might take some time to set in,” Jody agreed. “Have you talked to him about how you feel about him? Have you told him that you see him as Claire’s dad?”
Dean couldn’t help but stare as Castiel cut up the pie, serving each of them a piece, and then scooped some ice cream on top of both of them.
The answers were very similar: The Holy Trinity, the Virgin Mary got pregnant by the holy spirit, Jesus died on the cross and then resurrected, God instigated a lot of destruction starting with the flood, angels were his messengers and destructors, a lot of incest happened and it was somehow okay, polygamy was also okay, and so was homophobia—Castiel pinched the bridge of his nose at this, but then moved the conversation along.
“I cleaned the wounds on your face,” Castiel said, his voice was rough and soft all the same. Dean would never get used to the feelings it stirred in him.
Charles raised an eyebrow. “I’m assuming her mother is the wife who apparently has passed on. Unless there was another woman.”
Castiel stopped brushing Dean’s hair to pull out his cell phone. “Let’s take a picture. I’ll post it on my Instagram. We’ll break the internet.”
Castiel suggested that they take the Bel Air. “It hasn’t been out of the garage in so long. We agreed to use it from time to time.”
“No, seriously. I’m here bearing gifts. I made you guys a little something. I need a hand, though. Cas, could you please help me bring it in?” Dean tried to communicate silently with Castiel, but he was none the wiser. “Just follow me.”
Dean had known this was coming, but he still wasn’t ready for it. “Amelia, I don’t know if talking will fix anything. I said a lot of shitty things to him I didn’t mean. I’m sure Cas hates me now.”
“Of course,” Castiel said, waving Sam goodbye. Then he turned back to Dean. “You’re staying in bed. I’ll put Claire in her crib and order some food. Do you need anything? Water?”
New School Records had opened up about a week ago, two blocks from Dean’s apartment. It was ridiculously perfect timing since Dean needed to find a Led Zeppelin album by tomorrow. The place was also conveniently located next to a candy store that sold those really chewy gummy bears so things were looking up for Dean.
Castiel had arrived first with the sodas and Dean had him put them in the coolers. Amelia was still putting the finishing touches to the cake she’d baked and decorated because her artistic skills didn’t end with paintings. Sam showed up then, promising a truck would arrive anytime with the bouncy castle he’d ordered, while Jess was carrying Ben’s favorite macaroni and cheese. A few minutes later, Bobby showed up with extra tables and chairs for the few guests Dean had invited. He’d taken the time to invite a few of Ben’s friends from daycare, though only three families agreed to come. But that was better than nothing.
“My body doesn’t understand what quick means when I’m with you,” Castiel said, pressing even closer to Dean, creating a sweet friction that had Dean whimpering.
Castiel rolled off of him, and then dug the blanket out from under them before draping it over them both. He fluffed his pillow and settled down comfortably on his back.
Now that Dean had gotten all his fears out of his head and in the open so he could actually deal with them, he was feeling a lot better. Dean and Castiel were going strong again.
Castiel shoved Dean’s smug face away again because it had returned. “Come on, let’s watch your cowboy doctor show.”
Dean stepped closer, eyes cold and hard like Castiel had never seen them before. “Lisa is my girlfriend, and nothing will ever change that. So I need you to shut the fuck up, Castiel. This conversation is over.”
“Thanks,” Anna said, taking an empty seat. She leaned forward to kiss Claire’s forehead. “Hi, sweetie. You look hungry.” Claire was too busy eating to answer.
“I’m not talking about restoring it to its pristine condition,” Dean said. “I’m talking getting it up and running again. It should take about a day, at the most.”
Castiel leaned forward, eyes closed as he pressed his lips against Dean’s in a chaste kiss, a soft caress that sent a thrill all the way to Dean’s toes. “I’ve always wanted you,” he whispered into his lips.
Monday morning couldn’t come fast enough. Dean had thought about Castiel all weekend. Wait, no, backtrack a little. That sounded wrong. Dean had thought about
Castiel approached him, tentatively at first, but then he crashed against Dean, pushing him back until Dean’s back hit the wall near the door. When he had Dean pinned down, Castiel brushed his nose against Dean’s, breathing into his mouth.
“Well, I do have to get to class, but I wanted to talk to you first.” Sam shifted on his feet, digging his hands in his pockets.
“Alright, you don’t need to keep pointing things out about me,” Dean said, crossing his arms. “Since when do you pay this much attention to what I do?”
Dean bent down to continue kissing Castiel, but Castiel placed two fingers over Dean’s lips, stopping him.
“Are you free for dinner this Friday night?” Dean asked, climbing off of Cas’s lap and offering his hand to hoist Cas up.
Castiel rolled out a joint and they went out to their back porch. They sat on their lawn chairs, passing the joint between them. The night was quiet and the sky was peppered with stars, their glow undisturbed. The angels had arrived and they were only getting started. Castiel wondered if there would be any stars left when they were done.
When Dean walked into his World Religions class, Castiel wasn’t there yet. Dean made a beeline to his desk, keeping his chin raised for everyone to see Mary’s work. A few heads turned, but they quickly lost interest. It was a relief because Dean was still a bit self-conscious about his new look. Granted, it wasn’t a look he would keep permanently. But at least for today, this was who Dean was. A man with a shit-ton of makeup. And he loved it.
Castiel moved Dean back until he hit the door, and used the angle to press his entire body against Dean’s, never breaking off the kiss. Castiel’s tongue felt amazing inside Dean’s, moving excitedly. Dean continued moaning, not giving a damn what would happen to their friendship if he gave himself entirely to the kiss.
“I don’t like the way Dean decided to put all the blame of our separation on me,” Castiel said, his voice wavering slightly. “I don’t think he’s realized his fault in all of this.”
Dean sighed. “Right. We don’t. So don’t make me bring it up. Bring her over. This weekend. I’ll make my famous lasagna.”
“Yeah,” Dean huffed, keeping his eyes on the TV, even though he wasn’t really watching what was on the screen.
That was a question Castiel had been expecting. “The love I feel for Dean doesn’t diminish the love I still hold for Amelia. Amelia will always be in my mind. But Dean is the one in my heart now. Amelia taught me that the one thing you should never feel guilty or ashamed of is love.”
When Amelia found Castiel asleep at his desk in his home office, Castiel had been dreaming of the angel in his story. A divine creature that had lived a millenia, but still had so much to learn from this world. The angel remained nameless, so Castiel addressed him as The Angel, as if he was the only one in existence.
Luckily, Dean did have a few lollipops in his pocket. He took one out—a red one—and handed it over to the little guy.
“A cute little pumpkin,” Amelia said cheerfully. “Every time I picture her, I see a round ball. I know that’s not accurate, but I’ve come to associate her with my belly.”
This close, the angel looked enormous and intimidating. It wasn’t the size of the man, but the size of his wings, fanned with impeccable gray feathers, some of them longer and shinier than others—did he wax them? This angel wore a white suit with a gray tie, and he was barefoot. His brown hair was styled perfectly, not a hair out of place. Dean got the sense that it was impossible for an angel to look disheveled, no matter how many kills he had under his belt. The moment the angel drew his sword, something sharp, slick, and silver, Dean knew they were next on the list.
Dean gaped at Castiel, dumbfounded. Meanwhile, Castiel offered him another smile as he stood and retreated back to his table.
The waiter that was approaching their table hesitated before stepping closer. “Can I interest you in some wine?”
Castiel nodded, waving Dean closer to him. Dean had to get very close to Castiel, so much that their arms and shoulders touched. It was odd being in Castiel’s personal space all of a sudden. But Castiel didn’t make it awkward, and the walk to his car was short.
Once they were both in bed, Lisa plugging her cell phone to charge and grabbing her tablet to scroll through the daily news, Dean broke the silence between them.
Dean was about to settle back on his stool when he heard his name called. When he looked up, he made eye contact with Lisa. The Lisa that started it all. “Lisa. Hi. How are you?”
“What the hell are you talking about? I had a lot of patience for six months, Cas. And then you gave up.”
Castiel didn’t answer the question. Instead, he shoved Dean against the couch and straddled his lap, his hands sliding underneath Dean’s shirt. “I was thinking maybe the two of us could do something together.”
“Doug the Dog!” Ben cheered, squishing the toy to his cheek. “I missed him. Now he gets to meet my real dog.”
Castiel took a bite of his burger, licking his lips afterwards. Dean didn’t miss the action. “What about you, Dean? Are you seeing anybody?”
Dean frowned, leaving his fingerprints on his laptop screen as he touched Castiel’s face. “You think you can bring me a big bottle of vodka? I don’t think beer’s gonna cut it today.”
“Cas?” Dean asked, though his voice was muffled. When Dean rolled out from under the hood, he was covered in grease from head to toes. On his face, where his freckles were mostly hidden behind the black smears. How was it possible that Dean made grease look good?
Dean kissed Castiel’s shoulder. “You didn’t have to make them just for me. Thank you.” He noticed that the coffee was ready, so he grabbed a few mugs from the cabinet. “You want some coffee, Ms. Milton?”
know. This is too difficult for me to decide on my own. If you have any better ideas, I’d love to hear them.”
When Dean woke up and saw Castiel sleeping next to him, he thought it was a dream. Everything that happened the previous night came flooding in, and Dean smiled. He realized his leg was draped over Castiel’s legs, so he snaked an arm over Castiel’s stomach and nuzzled his neck. It was so easy and it felt so natural. Dean wondered why they hadn’t done this a long time ago. He hoped Castiel felt the same way. The truth was, he was too scared to ask.
Dean was out of his seat, heading to the backyard. He needed some fresh air. He stood there, the sun beating down on him. It was hot. It was uncomfortably hot. But Dean wasn’t going to go back inside. His day had been going so well, nothing was supposed to ruin it. Dean should have known. He shouldn’t have let his guard down. Of course Castiel would leave. Of course he would. He had no reason for staying. Dean had been so stupid.
Anna? Yes, that name was definitely familiar. Anna Milton? From Kansas University? Now he remembered her. Anna was the girl who always had a camera with her, ready to snap pictures at the worst of times. She was friends with the entire campus, but Dean couldn’t remember more than a few conversations between them. And yet her excitement seemed genuine.
Anna stood on the front porch, wearing a long black coat and holding a small, rolling suitcase. “Hello, Dean. How are you?”
Aaron nodded. “Thanks, Dean. You’re the best. And tell Castiel I’m sorry, too.” With that, Aaron left.
Dean inspected his pies for a brief moment before he made up his mind. “It has to be apple. Mom’s favorite.”
Castiel huffed, beyond frustrated with the stubborn woman. “The title of ‘father’ should be given to the man who raises his children, not the one who was only good enough to provide his seed. My so-called father never spent one holiday with me. He never played sports with me. He rarely shared a meal with me, if ever. And when he ran out on my family to be with a younger woman, I swore I’d never call that man my father again. Dean may not be Ben’s blood, but already he’s a thousand times more worthy of that title than Benjamin West.”
Lisa laughed. “You have no idea how great Dean is in the kitchen. He makes the best dinners. I gave up on trying to match his culinary skills long ago.”
Castiel called Jo over when she passed by with three plates of food. She handed the plates to a few people sitting on the floor before she walked over to Castiel.
“Christmas,” Castiel answered, simply. “I got it for you a few months ago. I wasn’t sure when to give it to you since you were still my student then. But after all that’s happened, I think it’s an appropriate Christmas gift. Open it. I hope you like it.”
Dean waved a hand. He wasn’t going to tell Sam what he and Castiel had been in the middle of when he’d called. What the hell
“I told him I didn’t want that. Then he asked me if there was someone else, but I didn’t say anything.”
Dean went to the bathroom, and he stood in front of the mirror. He ran a hand through his hair. He looked at himself for a while, wondering for a fleeting second if Castiel could ever be interested in him. But then he realized that Castiel was his friend, a very new friend. Dean shouldn’t think about those things. He could mess up what he had with him. And they still had a few days left on their trip. They didn’t need to be awkward.
Castiel nosed at Dean’s neck, and Dean lifted his chin even more to give Castiel more room. Castiel’s warm lips pressed a chaste kiss right below Dean’s ear. All Dean could hear anymore was the beating of his heart in his head because it was so loud and so fast, his body was gonna explode any second now. Castiel nosed at Dean’s throat now, painfully slow, teasing, because he knew that Dean was falling apart just like Castiel was. But it was okay, because they were falling together.
Castiel rolled his eyes. Dean was such a terrible liar. And was he so ashamed of everyone finding out he was into Castiel, or was he just not ready to come out? Castiel wasn’t sure, but he was getting a headache. “I’ll go wait in the car.”
“You should have let me join you at least,” Castiel said, attacking the pizza as if there was no tomorrow. He looked at Dean with narrowed eyes. “I’m perfectly healthy.”
Dean moved closer, holding Cas’s hand in his. “That’s what you’re afraid of? Cas, I would never do that. You know me better than that.”
“I can’t believe this,” Castiel said, laughing breathlessly. “Oh man, what I would give to go back in time and see you like that.”
Again, Castiel had to stop Dean before he sat on the couch, grabbing his arm tight enough to bruise. Dean widened his eyes, looking back at Castiel with a look that said,
Dean had been sure Castiel had fallen asleep until he heard the creaking of his bed as he moved around again and again. Castiel couldn’t sleep either.
cross it. Castiel was practically forbidden. Dean shouldn’t even be considering that, no matter how appealing it sounded. Why did Jo have to put that image in his head?
are you talking about? A clean break?” Dean hadn’t realized that he’d been crying until he felt the tears falling on his shirt. “Fuck, Lisa! Why are you doing this? This isn’t fucking right! You know this isn’t right! How can you stop me from being in Ben’s life? Ben has known me all his life—he sees
“Yeah, Castiel,” Charlie said. “We’re more than happy to help out. Amelia was the sweetest, most genuine friend I had in my life. She will never be forgotten. We’re going to all make sure to give her the best goodbye we can.”
Due to his offer, though, Castiel’s office had a long line after class. Dean could do nothing but wait his turn. And wait he did. It took nearly two hours to get through all of the students. Once the last one was gone, Dean stepped inside.
Dean pressed his lips to Castiel’s neck. There were things Dean wanted to tell Castiel. He wanted to tell him that he cared about him a lot too. Way, way more than Dean had ever imagined. Probably more than he was ready to admit. But Dean was better at showing his affection, instead of speaking it. So he kissed Castiel’s jaw, forehead, temple, and lips.
Castiel laughed. “I don’t think they’d care.” Castiel lifted her chin and kissed her. “I’m so lucky to be with you, Ames. I love you so much.” He leaned his forehead against hers, smiling.
Castiel sipped his drink and leaned closer, so close that Dean got a whiff of his cologne. It made him want to bury his nose in Castiel’s neck. “We can go back to my place if you want.”
Sam and Jess, who was holding Claire, were in the living room. Charlie and Rosa were on the other couch. Before they could exchange more than smiles, Dean walked in from the kitchen.
Dean drove Castiel home, hating that he was such a cliché by not wanting to part ways with the guy he was into. But it was a relief when he saw the same yearning he felt reflected in Castiel’s eyes. Boldened by it, Dean offered to walk Castiel up to his front porch.
The rest of their guests started arriving soon after. Charlie was Darth Vader and Rosa was Pennywise. Meg showed up as Wonder Woman and for once didn’t look as intimidating. Crowley, on the other hand, showed his FBI badge and claimed that was enough of a costume. At least Amelia thought it was clever.
Castiel let out a long breath before he started moving. When the thrusts picked up in pace, Dean gripped his hands around Castiel’s shoulders. Castiel let out a long moan, and he shut his eyes. “Dean, I’m—”
Dean wasn’t looking forward to Christmas this year. For obvious reasons. Without Mary, what was the point of celebrating anything?
“Meg Masters, I know you’ve had a long journey,” Gabriel said, turning his curious gaze on her. “You’ve lost your little sister, the only family you loved. You’re angry and you want revenge from the angel that murdered your sister. You want to feel strong again.”
“Don’t be,” Dean snapped. “I’m fine. I don’t need anyone around me to be fine. Just leave me alone. All of you.”
Dean was in awe of Castiel’s house. If Dean had thought Charlie’s house was impressive, it was nothing compared to this. It was a white, two story castle with a large fountain in the circled driveway and a beautiful terrace. Easily, it could have been taken out of a fairy-tale.
“I just can’t believe you made me believe the couple wouldn’t end up together,” Anna told Castiel. “I was so sure you would keep them apart forever. Don’t you ever scare me like that again.”
Dean nodded, remembering his manners and stepping aside. “Yeah, he’s here. Come inside. It’s chilly.”
“Amelia had a great sense of humor, too. I would often make her watch horror comedies with me. Although she was never much of a horror fan, she would watch these movies with me because she knew how much I enjoyed her company and hilarious commentary. Amelia always had a smile for me, even when she was tired or sick or upset. As soon as she saw me, she gave me one of her perfect smiles. She handed out her smiles to everyone. And I know the power her smiles carried. They could make a dull day a much better one.” This next part was where Castiel worried he’d lose his cool, but he met Dean’s gaze again and was able to power through.
“Well, then you’ll have to figure it out on your own.” With a cheeky smile, Castiel sipped his drink again.
Dean glared at Lucifer, wanting nothing but to kill him in the same way he’d just killed the angel. That would prove much more difficult in here, though, so Dean resisted his most violent urges. What made Dean furious was how right Lucifer was. When he killed the angel, he had become the number one angel target. But there had been no other alternative. It was either the angel or Castiel, and Dean would give his life over and over again for Castiel.
“Cas,” Dean gasped, looking at him. Castiel had a gummy smile that Dean had become so familiar with, looking at Ben with the same affection Dean felt. But buying Ben a swing set was more than Dean had ever expected from Castiel. “You shouldn’t have. I mean, I can’t imagine how expensive that was.”
“Done,” Cas said, lifting up the flowers again. “I don’t have a vase for these, but I’m going to buy one as soon as possible.” Cas sniffed the flowers again. “Where are we going for our first date, anyway?”
Amelia was beaming and there was nothing better than that. “Fantastic. I’ll start shopping for my costume. You look for yours. We’ll surprise each other the day of the party.”
Castiel hesitated before he got out what he was trying to say. “Have you ever considered—I don’t know—couple’s therapy?”
“I’ll bring it for you,” Dean said, rushing to the kitchen to rummage through their selections of teas. His hands were shaking when he poured the hot water into a mug.
Lisa looked away from Dean’s gaze, ignoring his words. “I’m not exactly sure when I started harboring my own resentment towards you while we were together. I let it build up, and I let that morph into something much darker. Something like hatred. But I don’t think I really hated you, Dean. I think I hated the thought of you using me to be close to Ben. I hated that you never trusted me with your thoughts and feelings. I hated that you never looked at me with excitement anymore. But I didn’t hate
Castiel and Dean said goodbye to Charlie and Rosa, who kept trying to convince them to stay a while longer, but they had to get back to Claire, so they understood. Before Castiel forgot, he removed his hat and put it on Charlie.
. They had already started on the second volume. Their first one had done so well that they had already signed a five-book deal. Dean still couldn’t believe it.
“Well, Lawrence isn’t bad. This town is full of awesome people. I know I didn’t make a good first impression, but I gotta be honest. You strolled into town in your fancy trenchcoat, with those blue eyes and your cupcakes. I was a little threatened by that. I thought I was the most handsome man in town until you came and took my title.”
“Sorry, I couldn’t find a suit, or whatever,” Dean said, noting that Castiel was wearing gray slacks with a gray waistcoat over a white shirt. And those blue-frame glasses completed the look. Castiel looked elegant and handsome and he smelled so good. It was overwhelming.
Eventually, Castiel put some music on. The radio was playing an 80s song that was somehow perfect on this breezy night. Wanting to feel Dean close, Castiel placed a hand on Dean’s thigh and left it there.
“Tell him I’m still waiting for that visit he promised me weeks ago.” Bobby frowned. “That kid likes to disappear for a long while.”
“See, the way I see it, you have a job you love, and I have a job I’m good at but I really dislike. When I bought my house, I only did it so that my mom and my brother had a stable place to call home. At least, that’s what I told myself. But Sam lives in California, and my mom doesn’t like having a permanent home. She loves being on the road. So what’s the point of me staying in Lawrence? I’m not letting you quit your job just so I can keep my shitty job. I’m moving to Pratt with you.”
“Great, let’s go. I’m all done here.” Dean grabbed his messenger bag and stood up. He noticed Castiel was still sketching in his notebook. “Hey, dude, aren’t you gonna clock out? It’s past 5.”
“How’s that supposed to make me feel better, Dean? You don’t keep secrets from me. And why would you keep this a secret from me? Cas hurt you so much and for so long.”
Castiel didn’t know what else to say to ease Dean’s pain, so he left the ice cream behind on the counter and moved around it to get to Dean. Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean’s shoulders, pulling him closer. Dean hugged him back, gripping him fiercely. Castiel hoped that Dean understood that Castiel would always be there for Dean, to hold him up or bring him comfort in any way he could. Castiel carded his fingers through Dean’s hair, the same way Amelia did to Castiel whenever he was sad. It had always worked in lifting his spirits. To feel that physical comfort as well as the emotional one. “It’ll be alright, Dean. I know it will.”
Dean rolled his eyes. He’d seen this episode plenty of times before. Dr. Sexy was a player. He was never going to fall in love. But Castiel was seeing this episode for the first time, and he was apparently hooked. It had happened to Dean, so he couldn’t pass any judgment. “I thought you weren’t really into this show.”
Dean was smiling, but it wasn’t his usual confident smile. It was a quiet, coy smile that was endearing as hell. As soon as Dean got close enough, Castiel reached out his hand and cupped Dean’s cheek. Dean leaned into the touch.
“You’re a fucking child.” Castiel moved to the side of the road, down to the field surrounding them. He turned off the car and glared at Dean. “Go. I’ll wait here for you.”
“Just on paper! Bela is God knows where. Charlie’s as good as separated, and that’s basically single.”
They returned to the hotel with Anna’s breakfast. They went up to her room and found her still asleep. Castiel sat on the edge of her bed and tried to wake her up, but she just groaned and shoved him away. He laughed, and instead wrote her a note to let her know where they were going.
“Oh, good.” Castiel remembered he was holding two cold water bottles in his hands, and offered one to Dean. “I thought you might be thirsty. It’s getting hot out, isn’t it?”
Dean leaned in for another kiss. He was like an addict and he could never get enough. “Have a good night, Cas.”
“Ohhh.” Sam grinned. “So, I guess my plan to set Dean up with someone did work out, after all. Just not in the way I had expected.”
Dean tried to remember the events of the previous night. He remembered Castiel wanting him to sing, and then buying him shots and whiskey and more beer. Dean remembered drinking all of that. And then…
“Let’s do it,” Castiel said, wrapping an arm around Dean’s waist. “Kids, follow us. We’re going to the drag show.”
Dean wanted to crack a joke, or at least say something in reply, but he’d forgotten how to speak. All his thoughts were on the feeling of Castiel’s lips on his temple, and the way he was still holding Dean, like he refused to let Dean get away from him. Dean wasn’t going anywhere.
Dean couldn’t find it in him to feel bad about oversleeping. Sure, it was inconsiderate. But after the monumental night they’d spent together? Nothing could ruin his day.
Dammit, his driver’s license was in his wallet. Not to mention all his cash and credit cards. But it was that or getting shot. Now that he thought about it, maybe he shouldn’t have offered up everything so easily. What good was his life, anyway?
Dean raised his eyebrows. “Cas, that’s impractical, and probably unsafe, judging by the bird-man that just demolished a building with the snap of his fingers.”
They exited the elevator and got in a cab. The ride to Charlie’s house—mansion—was a short one. Dean spent the entire ride documenting his trip on social media. He’d already posted countless selfies and pictures with Castiel on his Instagram, and now he was posting videos on Snapchat. Castiel had his own accounts, but he hardly ever used them. Dean always encouraged him to use them, if only to give his Angel’s Delight Coffee Shop some publicity, but even then, Castiel left that task to his sister, Anna. Call him an old man, but Castiel just didn’t see the appeal. He did, however, like to see the things Dean posted. That was the main reason why Castiel had even created his accounts.
Castiel turned Dean around by the shoulder and wrapped his arms around him. With a fierce strength, Castiel held on to Dean, offering as much support as he was taking. Dean hugged him back, gripping Castiel’s shirt to stop his shaking hands. Soothing hands rubbed Dean’s back, and they clung to each other until Dean could feel the solidness of his legs again.
Before Castiel could respond, the front door opened and Dean stepped out with Ben. Castiel tried to paste on a smile that he knew wasn’t fooling anybody.
Aaron looked suddenly interested in what Dean had said. He put down his beer and leaned in. “So you’ll make time for me after work? I thought you said your schedule was busy.”
“We do,” Dean said, touching Castiel’s shoulder. “I’m serious, Cas. This book is one of the best things I’ve read, in my entire life. You know, I’ve never read a romance novel about two dudes before. That’s really cool. I like the representation. I like that Henry was bi.”
Ben shifted closer to Lisa on the couch, shying away from Benjamin, who had set his beer down on the floor.
“Yes,” Dean said, looking ahead at the open field. “Two friends who need to get their shit together and realize how much they want each other.”
“That would be great, if you don’t mind. Her food is under the kitchen sink and her bowl is right next to it.”
Castiel swallowed, filled with the jealousy that had been tormenting him recently. “Do you...do you have a date or something?”
Castiel was kneeling beside him now, pressing a kiss to Claire’s forehead. “Bye-bye, Claire. Will you say bye-bye to me, too?”
“Hmm, wouldn’t you say that’s quite…lucky?” Without warning, Anna took another picture of Dean, looking stupidly giddy in front of the red Impala. He didn’t mind this time.
Castiel kissed her temple. “Ames, sweetheart, I promise Dean will be alright. You know I always look out for him. We have to believe that Dean
After Jo left, Castiel had nothing better to do with his time than check his phone. There weren’t any messages or missed calls. Not that he’d expected to hear from Dean so soon, but he’d hoped to hear from Anna. Phone calls from his sister were irregular, but he hadn’t heard from her in over two weeks, and hearing her voice would be comforting now.
“When you asked me out to lunch the first time, I knew I had lost the war,” Castiel continued. “You were kind and caring on top of everything. You were thoughtful. I knew that I wouldn’t be able to contain the way I felt for long, but I tried. I knew there was no going back for me, but I wanted you to make the first move. I told myself that I wouldn’t rush you into anything. I had gotten myself into this mess, but I wouldn’t drag you down with me.”
“Why does the swing set need to be ready?” Castiel asked, not buying any of this man’s bullshit. “Do you need to polish it?”
“Dean,” Castiel said, smiling. “I thought you knew I’d already agreed to this yesterday. In the woods, when we kissed, I was putty in your hands. There was no going back from that.”
Castiel stepped closer, biting his lower lip as he hooked his two index fingers on Dean’s belt loops to pull him in. “How busy are you?”
Dean stopped walking, pulling on Castiel’s hand since he was still taking steps. “Are you sure? This is the place?”
Sam rolled his eyes. “I also saw the way he looked at you. He’s obviously into you. Besides, didn’t you two spend like every waking moment together?”
Dean handed Castiel the flyer, rushing over to Sam, who was standing up straight, fully healed. Dean could almost cry from sheer happiness. Sam immediately hugged Dean and they clung to each other like they did the night of the fire as children, with trembling hands and hopelessness.
And so, they had finally figured out a future for all of Amelia’s things. What Dean hadn’t been expecting was for Castiel to ask him to move into his bedroom from the guest room. Dean didn’t mind having all his stuff in the guest room. He got the entire closet to himself. If he moved into Castiel’s room, they’d have to share the closet space. But Castiel seemed adamant about this decision and Dean figured that it was bound to happen eventually with the way their relationship was going. They were going strong and steady, and Dean was really liking that. For once, Dean didn’t have second thoughts about the person he was with and he knew that the feeling was mutual. Dean was pretty fucking happy with Castiel. Not to say that it was all smooth sailing. They still argued all the time. But they’d learned to communicate openly to resolve every argument, and they never went to bed angry.
“Dean, you look like you just saw a ghost,” Castiel said, stopping him from taking another step, and then taking one of Dean’s hands in his. “Talk to me. What’s wrong?”
“You’re not mad at me, are you?” Dean surprised himself by the bluntness of his question, but it had just come out.
Castiel hummed. “I wrote about 3,000 words in my book, then I took Dandy to the park, then Amelia and I cooked a big meatloaf for the potluck tomorrow, and now I’m here, with you stealing my food yet again. So, nothing new.”
Castiel shook his head. “I’ve heard of that. I’m sorry. You’re not ungrateful for thinking that. But if it helps, I didn’t know what you looked like when I read your books. I bought them on e-book first, and they don’t come with your picture. It was until I got the hardcover that I saw it. I have to tell you, though, you’re no Oscar Wilde.”
Castiel sighed before driving out of the garage and into the street. The first few minutes on the road were quiet. Neither of them had turned on the stereo. They never needed to fill the silences between them. At a stoplight, Castiel rolled down the windows and turned to smile at Dean, who was already smiling at him.
Dean had a lot of experience kissing Castiel, but it was a completely different experience doing it in front of so many people, while both of them played two fictional characters. Especially because they were still hiding their relationship, so they shouldn’t be this comfortable Frenching each other.
Shit. It was Valentine’s Day tomorrow? Castiel hadn’t been to any stores lately, otherwise he would have been flooded with the reminders of the holiday. Why was Dean bringing it up, though?
Dean looked into Castiel’s eyes for the first time. His eyes were the sadder than Castiel had ever seen them. It broke his heart. “I think you’re the only one who believes that.”
Amelia held his shoulder, stopping him from standing up. “Castiel, dear, you need to take care of yourself. I’m glad you found your mojo again, but you slept in this chair all night. Well, judging by the bags under your beautiful eyes, I’d say you slept half the night, if that. Go to bed. When you’re well rested you can get back to work.”
, which I’ve announced on my Twitter already. It comes out next year.” The crowd cheered. Castiel smiled at them. “Wow, there are so many of you. I didn’t know I had so many readers in Oklahoma City. Are any of you from out of state?”
“Yes,” Castiel said. Then he turned to Lisa. “Apparently you told Ben that I’m going to be his stepdad.”
Dean wasn’t sure what day of the week it was. It was a day that ended in y and that was all that mattered. If it wasn’t Sam, it was Castiel pestering him over something. They kept making him eat even though Dean didn’t need food. What he needed was a good beer to keep the clarity away. Why couldn’t they understand that?
I’ll have to admit that I brag about you all the time too. To literally anyone. I’ve even bragged about you to strangers at the grocery store. I can’t stop telling people I’m getting married to the smartest professor in the world.
Castiel looked at Dean, and then shot him one of his bright smiles. “I’d love to try your famous lasagna, Dean.”
Dean shifted until he was on his back, staring up at Castiel with clear green eyes. “That’s good, ‘cause I don’t intend to lose you again. You hear me? You’re stuck with me till we both die of old age, at the same time, right after we have sex for the last time.”
As Dean went over the instructions of working the grill, Castiel had a fun time teasing him. Dean was taking this way too seriously. Like it was a matter of life or death. But Castiel’s jokes seemed to have the opposite effect of calming Dean down.
guy that flirts with him, but he refuses to do anything about it.” Castiel looked away, hating the bitterness in his tone. It became unbearable to keep looking Jody in the eye, so instead he focused on the wall behind her. “In order to be completely honest, I should say that I absolutely hate the thought of Dean ever getting in another relationship. I’ve tried to rationalize this, but it’s pointless denying my own selfishness.”
Castiel kept Dean company while he grilled, and he surprised himself when he started talking about his new book idea. It was rare when Castiel talked about his unfinished manuscripts, but since Dean had been such a big help in getting it started, it felt right. And Dean asked excellent questions, helping Castiel come up with things he might have overlooked. Who would have thought of an angel feeling more like family with humans he interacts with rather than his other angel brethren?
“I can’t believe you’re here,” Dean said, grinning. “How do you feel? Are you sure about this? You can change your mind.”
Dean had a big lump in his throat that prohibited him from speaking. Without looking at Sam, he nodded at the doctor again and followed her down the hall. He realized Sam was following him when they all reached the room. In it, Mary lay on the only bed, hands stiff at her sides. But that wasn’t the worst part. Dean took it all in at once—the tube sticking out of her mouth, the blood that had spurted out of it, the movement of her chest going up and down with every press to bring her back to life. Dean’s legs were no longer solid, but Sam was right beside him, so Dean held onto him.
Ben started talking animatedly about all of the things he did in Sacramento, including playing a lot of video games, learning to use a pogo stick, and a skateboard, and a hoverboard, and an electric scooter—evidently Benjamin had bought him every toy he could think of—and getting a dog. As Ben talked, Dean just sat there, contentedly listening to Ben go on and on while, on the screen, Castiel did the same thing. This was as close to perfect as they could get in their current situation, and it wasn’t bad at all.
Sam grinned as he accepted his. “He gave one to Castiel, even though Castiel gave him a very expensive book.”
He unzipped the sleeping bag and crawled out of the tent, stretching his legs and arms once he was up. It was strange, waking up outdoors for the first time ever. But a good strange. Castiel almost wished he’d brought his laptop to get some writing done, but he knew that wasn’t why they were out here. Dean might have made this trip sound like it was to thank Castiel for being a good friend, but by now Castiel knew Dean like the palm of his hand. Dean had wanted an escape. From Lisa, from work, from everything except for Ben. And if Dean wanted to escape, then Castiel would escape with him.
Dean had nothing to say to that. He walked out of the room to the kitchen for a cold beer and out to his front porch. There were still no rocking chairs, so he sat on the top step. He rubbed his hands over his face, trying to keep a level head. He wanted to believe that Lisa was just in a bad mood and hadn’t meant what she’d said. But deep down, Dean knew that he’d always been Lisa’s second choice for Ben’s father.
Wanting to take their minds off of that train of thought, Dean blurted out, “Cas is going out of town for the holidays.”
Did he ever. Dean had been raised—if he had to call it that—by a man who spent most of his time drunk and out of a job. They’d hopped from motel room to motel room, and sometimes they got to live semi-permanently in an apartment, but things never got more stable than that. John wasn’t very caring either. Dean and Sam had practically raised each other. He never showed his love for them. But Dean still thought he’d loved them, in his own way.
“I know I didn’t have to,” Castiel said, stepping closer to him. “I wanted to. Dean, you have done so much for me and Claire. I wanted to do something for you, too.”
Castiel didn’t say anything, but he looked at Dean like he was his favorite ice cream flavor. Dean also knew the feeling.
Castiel bit his lip. “Yes, sir.” Then he turned onto his stomach, leaning up on his elbows, and looking over his shoulder. There was unmasked excitement in his dark blue eyes.
“What the fuck is going on, man?” Jo looked around the diner and scoffed. “People fell from the sky down the block. I had to stand there and see their insides splattered all over the sidewalk. We spent the afternoon covering up dead bodies. When we went to the police station, there was no one to help us. Apparently this shit’s been happening all day today. They don’t know what to do. They just told us to be careful and watch our surroundings. My mom decided to offer free food and shelter to everyone, so now there’s not even a place to breathe. It’s nuts!”
“I couldn’t miss the opportunity,” Castiel said. “Your Impala is one of the few cars I’ve seen with a cassette player.”
When they made it back to their room, Castiel ordered chocolate covered strawberries and a bottle of sparkling wine to celebrate. After getting off the phone, Castiel found Dean sitting on the bed against the headboard. He’d already taken off his shoes, coat, and jacket. He still looked ridiculously attractive in his slacks and white button up shirt. Castiel removed the same articles before joining Dean on the bed. The television was playing old reruns of
Castiel captured Dean’s lips in his again, licking his way into his mouth, and lowering his hands to Dean’s ass where he liked to have them.
Dean grinned. “So, Sam came by yesterday. We got to have lunch together. It was just like old times.”
Castiel ignored Gabriel as he walked with Dean outside, closing the door behind him. “I’m glad you came. Thank you for dinner. And for staying. I’m sorry about Gabriel.”
“I know, but I thought it would be nice for Claire to sleep in a nice crib again. We’d been sleeping in the same bed together, and I don’t think either of us liked that arrangement. She moves around a lot. I woke up with bruises a couple of days.”
Dean smiled, hesitating. Castiel knew that it was because he felt he should be looking after Claire right now. But something must have made him change his mind because, without saying a word, he took off his shoes and lied down close beside Castiel. Dean pressed a soft kiss to Castiel’s forehead, wrapping an arm firmly around Castiel’s waist and pulling him against Dean’s chest. “Sleep. I’ll watch over you.”
They found Castiel on the couch, feeding Claire broccoli soup, and Dean took over while Jo showed him her videos. They were enough to pique Castiel’s interest, and he agreed to Tweet about her channel, claiming that it was right up his alley. He didn’t even hesitate in helping Jo. Dean didn’t think he could love Castiel more.
Either way, Dean wished he knew the answer. Of course, Dean knew that getting the answer was as easy as asking Castiel, but he hadn’t gained the courage to do it yet.
There was a deep laughter coming from the passenger seat, and it only made Dean sing louder, singing entirely off key, but not giving a single damn about it. The music and laughter blended together in harmony, filling the car to the brim. Dean had never felt so light.
Castiel leaned against the sink, glaring at Dean in a way that only served to amuse Dean further. “I thought we were friends.”
“Why the fuck not?” Castiel asked, raising his voice enough to have Amelia touching his arm to remind him they were still at Ben’s birthday party.
Dean was in the middle of cooking breakfast—scrambled eggs, bacon, and hash browns, the holy trinity—when Castiel strutted into the kitchen, rubbing his eyes. He was still clad in his boxers and Jurassic Park t-shirt and his hair was a wonderful mess. The sight was endearing, to say the least.
It didn’t take long for them to gather their things and get in Dean’s Impala. Castiel checked the time on his phone. It was 3:15 a.m., the witching hour. Perfect.
“Well, you are now,” Jo said. “He’s miles away. And he won’t be back until, like, after the new year, right? You gotta Facetime him. Trust me.”
Castiel closed his mouth. It was sad that he knew exactly how long ago he’d had sex with Dean. “Over a month ago. Okay, it’s been forty-three days.”
“We’re going to publish this.” Dean looked down at the rough sketches he’d drawn. A few were simple mockups of their three main characters. He’d already grown attached to them. The thought of others being able to see them was bizarre, in the best way possible.
“Cas, are you with me?” Dean asked, hands still gripping Castiel’s arms. “You listening to me right now?”
Castiel’s office door was ajar, and Dean knocked before entering. Castiel glanced up from his computer with a bright, welcoming grin. “Dean. I wasn’t expecting you today. It’s good to see you, though.”
Sam rolled his eyes. “Of course he did.” He lifted the glass dish he was carrying. “I gotta get these scalloped potatoes inside.”
Dean handed Ben his shoes and then glanced at Lisa, who was sending Dean a warning glance. This was a crucial decision Dean would have to make. If he wanted to keep things good with Lisa, then he’d have to side with her on this. No more going over her head just to make Ben happy.
“Boys, please,” Mary said. She didn’t have to raise her voice for them to shut up on command. “No fighting at the table.”
When the two of them locked eyes, Castiel held back a smile. Was he happy to see Dean? Yes. Did he want Dean to know that? Not really. Regardless, Dean smiled at him, a full-on grin that was blinding. Castiel nodded in response, too stubborn to let himself openly reciprocate.
Amelia looked excited. “I’ve been eager to get in your Impala. We can follow each other on the highway. Both of our cars on the same lane would look magnificent.”
“Because,” Lisa said, “we’re going to sleep at my mom’s tonight. There’s no point in bringing him over yet.”
“Sam, is there anything you can do for him? Dean is Ben’s father,” Castiel pleaded, even knowing Sam thought the same way. “Lisa can’t just decide he’s not after six years. It isn’t right for Ben either. Ben hardly knows that man.”
As soon as they walked inside, Dean jumped into action. Dean filled out all of the paperwork with Claire’s information while Castiel sat with Claire in his arms. Castiel was holding her close to him, but still giving her enough space since she must be feeling hot. He was so worried because Claire had never been sick before. Not ever. What if Dean was right and Claire did have an infection? What if Claire never recovered? Castiel had already lost Amelia, he couldn’t lose Claire, too. But no, he was getting ahead of himself. Jody had taught him how to fight these intrusive thoughts. Jody had told him he had anxiety and he had to work on it every day. Meditation had helped in the past.
Dean opened the door to Castiel, who was carrying a white box. True to his word, he’d stolen some baked goods. It made Dean smile. “Hey, Cas. Come in.”
Castiel leaned his head against Dean’s, looking at the television where Rachel Ray was chopping tomatoes. “I just don’t want anything to change more than it already has.”
“I can’t live my life not knowing if Ben is okay. I don’t know if he’s happy with them. I won’t get to take him to his first day of school. He was gonna start the first grade so soon. She didn’t take Doug the Dog with her. It’s his favorite toy. I can’t even explain to him that I didn’t abandon him. I can’t tell him that I love him; that I would
“What kind of question is that?” Castiel asked, looking through the clothes in their walk-in closet. “How am I supposed to smell, exactly?”
After Lisa gave Dean her number, and he made sure it was really hers, he walked her to her car. Then he stood there, on his driveway, with his heart in his throat, and his entire body trembling. He had never been more afraid of trusting anyone before. It had taken all of him to let Lisa go, holding onto nothing but her phone number as a guarantee that she’d be back again.
“For your birthday, silly.” Anna turned to give Dean a look. “I see he hasn’t changed at all. Don’t just stand there, Dean. Come join us.”
“Oh, I came with my brother to get an oil change on his car,” Anna said, shaking her head. “He’s really clueless about cars. But I don’t blame him. He just got back from his writing cave. He spent weeks locked up in this cabin finishing his novel. I had to force him to get out of the house and get some fresh air.”
Dean smiled even more at the snap in his tone. Castiel was bitter now because his attempt at a kiss had gone so wrong. It was the cutest thing Dean had ever seen, and he’d seen Castiel in a waistcoat before.
Dean found Castiel’s phone on the floor on his side of the bed. It must have fallen down in the haze of removing their clothes. “Here you go.”
“You can tell me anything.” Castiel sat cross-legged on the bed next to Dean, while Dean sat up and mirrored him.
It was how he found himself in Charlie and Rosa’s living room, watching Dean sing karaoke in a surprisingly beautiful voice. Dean was singing Bon Jovi’s
Dean and Castiel had been playing 20 questions while Anna—finally—read Castiel’s new book in the backseat.
Dean didn’t need to worry about that right now. “Thanks for looking out for me, Sammy. I’m just hoping we get through this holiday season without any bumps on the road.”
Dean had been staying very still, but he tried to relax. His hand settled over Castiel’s hand on his stomach, and his heart went wild. “Don’t ever let Charlie hear that. She’ll be so mad.”
When Sam arrived with the food, Dean went to look for Castiel. He was sprawled on the bed, on top of the covers, sleeping. At least he’d managed to fall asleep and get some rest. He had a quiet snore, which Dean had known after their camping trip. Dean knew that if he woke him up, Castiel would only start crying again.
Castiel smiled at his sleeping mother. He put the book back in the drawer, shutting it close. Then, he did something that he’d never done before. He bent down and kissed his mother’s forehead.
“Bullshit!” Dean shouted, letting go of her. “It’s not hard on you. All you’ve ever wanted was to be with that man. And now that you finally get what you want, you’re dumping me and taking my son away from me. That’s fucking cruel, Lisa! That’s fucking sinister! Don’t you know the harm you’re causing Ben, taking him away from his dad?”
“That’s nothing,” Dean said. His hands and feet were a little stiff, but this wasn’t his first road trip. He’d always traveled with Sammy, or alone, so he didn’t need anyone else to take over the driving. He didn’t need them.
Anna barely made it to the car, and then she just sprawled on the backseat, passing out almost instantly.
Charlie gave Dean a soft pat on his back as he turned and went inside his house. The last thing Dean remembered was falling on his bed, and drifting off.
“I’m great,” Castiel said. “Heaven’s Bistro has been busy all morning. I see that the Roadhouse is busy as well.”
Dean took the plates from Castiel and set them on the table. “Ooh, you made lasagna. It smells delicious.”
“People, we can make ourselves oblivious,” the man said. “You’re going to think I’m crazy if I tell you that because of my strong faith in God I’m more in tune with the angels, but that’s my only theory. I can’t find another explanation.”
Castiel sat on Dean’s side of the booth, never taking his eyes off of him. The intensity of his gaze was intimidating, but Dean liked having all his attention. This was a very dangerous game to play. “How are you, Dean?”
“I will, too,” Castiel admitted. “You should also know that Dean has finally agreed to get help. Ask Jess if she can bring that list of counselors with her. Maybe we can find one for Dean, after all.”
Esther shook her head. “Of course not, sweetheart. We know how much our Amelia meant to you. But Amelia is gone. We all have to move forward, no matter how hard it might be.” She cupped his cheek. “If you found a good person to share your life with, then I’m glad you followed your heart, Castiel. There’s no reason to succumb to a lonely existence just because you lost your wife unexpectedly. You’re still young. You deserve to be loved, son.”
“Let’s go.” Castiel tugged on Dean’s forearm, pulling him to the door. He was also freakishly strong.
“I think I’ve always been the exact opposite,” Castiel said. “I’ve always wanted full commitment with everyone I’ve been with.”
Anna rolled her eyes, pulling Dean by the arm. “Let’s go. We’re already late. We promised Castiel we’d bring pizzas for dinner, and he’s been texting me like crazy.”
Gabriel seemed satisfied with that. “Alright, Mister. Let’s play a rapid-fire game. You can’t take more than five seconds to answer. Got it?”
Dean swallowed his tears, and with his tears went his words. He had nothing to offer Sam except his arms. Sam clung to him as he cried on Dean’s shoulder.
Lisa sighed, annoyed, but she set the tablet down in the gap between them. When she met his eyes, she looked like she didn’t have time for Dean. Like she’d rather be doing a thousand other things than listening to him.
“The luckiest.” She set down her phone to hold his face in her hands like he was the most important thing in the world and kissed him.
“I don’t blame you,” Dean said, his gaze trailing back to the bar where another round of laughter erupted. He turned back to Castiel. “Let’s grab some food.”
Despite his preoccupied mind, Castiel decided Amelia was right, and he took Dandy out for a walk around the neighborhood. Night walks were often soothing. Amelia had been right to suggest it. Then again, Amelia was always right.
Dean bit into another strawberry and agreed with the sentiment. The night sky was clear, but the moon was the only thing visible with all the light pollution. It was a full moon at least. “Remember when we used to drive out to the desert to look at the stars? You, me, and Charlie. We would spend hours there just counting the stars.”
“It’s good.” Dean wiped his forehead with his shoulder. He’d been sweating, even though it was late October. “You know what? I think I’m gonna dress up for your Halloween party.” Dean had already told Castiel and Amelia that there was no way he’d put on a costume for their party, but he’d been in a bad place at the time. It had felt good to shut things down as they were offered up to him.
Dean winced slightly, but then he hooked both his feet around Castiel’s thighs, anchoring him, and wrapped both arms around Castiel’s neck. “Move, baby. I got you.”
Gabriel looked at Dean for a long time. “What are your intentions with my baby bro, Dean? Be honest with me.”
“We can’t just plan to be spontaneous,” Sam argued, setting down his pizza so he could have his hands free for wild gesturing. That was how Sam talked best, with his hands. “The only way to do this is to not plan it at all.”
Dean let out a sigh, feeling like he was in a fucking dream. Maybe he was. And he hoped he just kept on dreaming.
Dean leaned against the door as he watched Castiel cross the street and make it to the other side safely.
Castiel laughed again, rubbing his thumb on Dean’s cheek. “Dean, since the day I met you, you’ve made it so hard to hate you.”
“Hey, hey,” Dean said, a soothing hand on Castiel’s back. “Breathe. In and out. Just like me.” And then he made a point of taking deep breaths.
three times since it came out. It’s an incredible work of literature. The characters are phenomenal, the representation is excellent, and your plot kept me on the edge of my seat. I’ve also read your first two books, and I love them just as much. I’m an English professor, and I’ve taught your books to my students. They love them.” Castiel nodded, satisfied. “Alright, I think I’ve said it all.”
“We gotta pick up groceries today,” Dean said, looking over his shoulder at Castiel. Dandy liked to walk faster than Castiel felt comfortable pushing Claire’s stroller.
His twin mattress was on the sidewalk, right outside his motel room door. Dean instantly covered up with his blanket, since he was in his boxers. He remembered sleeping with pants the night before.
“No, no, I’m sure he wasn’t,” Castiel said quickly. There were ups and downs, that’s how it usually went with him.
“All the more reason to get started on fixing Jack’s car. Got lots to do. You know the actor life. It’s just one thing after another.”
“You did! And then you told him you liked his face, and he told you he liked your face. I mean, it was absolutely ridiculous.”
“Exactly,” Sam said. “Hey, do you want to meet up for drinks tonight? Jess is on a business trip this weekend, so it’s just going to be me at home. We could meet up at the Roadhouse just like old times.”
Following his morning routine was a lot harder when all his crap was in his duffle bag instead of at his disposal in his room and bathroom. Dean went to check on Claire soon after, who was already awake, and he changed her diaper before taking her downstairs to the kitchen for breakfast. Naomi was already at the table, grimacing like the entire world had offended her, but as soon as she spotted Claire, her entire demeanor changed. Naomi looked at Claire like she was her only reason for smiling. And like smiling wasn’t something she was used to doing. That was probably true.
When Castiel was satisfied, he rolled off of Dean, falling on his back beside him. They were both sticky and covered in white, but not for the reasons Dean had imagined in any other situation.
“Okay.” Castiel rubbed his hands up and down Dean’s sides before finally moving away, going to sit at the kitchen island.
The pizza arrived soon. Dean was starving since he hadn’t eaten since that morning on his flight. He was the first one to finish half of a pizza in one go. While Ben and Lisa continued eating, Dean snuck into his bedroom and came back out with Doug the Dog. Ben let out a loud gasp when he saw his toy, holding out his marinara-smeared hand out for it. Dean handed him over.
Once they were both inside Crowley’s office, Crowley shut his door. Dean hated being locked in a room with his boss. He was kind of grateful that Castiel was there with them.
“You’re grieving, I know. I get it. You don’t have to explain anything to me, Cas. You take all the time you need to grieve. I can take care of Claire until you feel ready. It’s the least I can do after everything you’ve done for me.”
“Excuse me,” Naomi said, wheeling herself between a group of people. She’d drifted away to look at the wood art on a different stand. But she had little patience for anyone getting in her way. Or for anyone in general.
“Yeah,” Dean said, looking at Amelia through his fingers. “Are you sure he won’t kick me out of your house like I kicked him out of mine?”
“Yeah, he told me that part.” Dean rubbed his face, trying to keep himself awake. “Cas told me he was feeling guilty because of all the years he hasn’t spoken to his mom. I wish there was something I could do to help him.”
“It’s Dean. Dean Winchester.” Okay, so maybe Dean’s throat was a little dry by now, but he kept reminding himself he was here for one reason and one reason only.
Dean was grilling burger patties while Jo and Castiel sat on the patio chairs deep in conversation, and Charlie swung on the porch swing. Just as he was flipping over the patties, Charlie joined him, handing him one of the two beers in her hands.
“I tried to make mac and cheese, but I accidentally burned it. So, you might wanna consider ordering some dinner.”
After getting the harness and leash on Dandy, Castiel brought her out to the sidewalk. Dandy loved going for walks, but Castiel would have to make them either earlier in the day or later in the evening because the days were getting hotter now that it was summer. He didn’t want her paws to burn.
Chuck smiled coyly, shaking his head. “No, but I’m still waiting for it. In the meantime, I’m doing my best. I’m the head cook at a nice diner. I live modestly, and sometimes I wish I wasn’t perpetually single, but mostly I’m alright. I think you will be too, Cas.”
On the one hand, it was difficult seeing Castiel so broken and hurt over something so cruel from his past. For so long, Castiel had carried this by himself, and it was painful seeing how much it still affected him. If Dean had had any idea of what was happening, he would have tried to help him somehow. But Castiel hadn’t trusted Dean enough to share this with him before.
“Ow,” Dean complained, rubbing the offended area. “Fine, you’re fucking buff and muscular. Just change inside. I’ll cover my eyes. It’s not a big deal.”
As soon as Claire finished her bottle, Dean perched her up on his shoulder to burp her, holding her head carefully in his hand. Once she did, Dean took her to her crib. By the time she was laying in it, she was fast asleep. Ben hadn’t been this calm. He’d loved to cry for hours before he fell asleep. Claire was much calmer. It didn’t make Dean miss Ben any less. It made him wish that Ben was around to meet Claire, so he could share those stories with him.
“That’s right, honey,” Castiel said. “That’s your Mah. She was a gifted artist with a passion for classic cars.”
Dean rolled his eyes, removing his red apron and handing it over to Castiel. “Don’t burn my house down.”
Dean held up his hands in surrender, moving back until his legs hit the TV. He was cornered, and there was nowhere to run. “Fuck me,” he muttered.
“Ah. Okay. I see what’s happening here. You’re still trying to show off your mad pie-making skills to the poor guy.”
Dean let out a sigh of relief and went to sit on a chair across Castiel’s desk. His office was small, but it could fit a comfortable-looking purple couch and a big bookshelf that was overly packed. There were more stacks of books on the floor next to it, because you could only overpack a bookshelf so much. Dean handed one of the bags to Castiel. “It’s a bacon cheeseburger and fries. The fries are the best part. They use some kind of magical seasoning created by the gods.”
“I know you don’t want more apologies, but I think I do owe you one more. You shut me out a lot, but so did I. Sometimes, I pretended you didn’t exist in my life anymore. You wanted to blame yourself for being a bad boyfriend, but I was a terrible girlfriend to you. All I can do now is wish you all the happiness you can find.” Lisa picked at the beer label on her bottle. “I’m glad you’re with someone new, who I’m sure loves you the way you deserve to be loved.”
“She got hit while she was on the road. It was a really bad collision. She’s in the ICU right now. I’m about to get on a plane to Anchorage. Do you think you can do the same? I know you and her have your issues, but she needs us right now, Castiel. Please….I need you, too.”
“What if this Jody person listens to me and decides she can’t fix me? What if she tells me I’m a lost cause?”
Sam stared at Dean when he stepped out of his room. Alright, so Dean never took this long getting ready. And maybe he’d overdone it with the black blazer and button-up green shirt, but Castiel had told him to dress up. He didn’t want to stand out in whatever restaurant they were going to.
It took a lot of convincing, but eventually, Dean agreed to return back to Charlie. They’d looked through all the houses within a five-mile radius, and it wasn’t safe for Charlie to be on her own. The drive back to Sam’s street was silent, aside from the loud roar of the Impala. Dean had too much on his mind to talk. Dean was grateful that Castiel didn’t force conversation between them.
Dean licked his lips and Castiel followed the motion with his eyes. If Castiel didn’t stop looking at him like that, Dean would have to kiss him again, a lot more inappropriately this time. Unfortunately they couldn’t do that because Claire was right there and Dean was still at work. “Cas, are you asking me on a date right now?”
Dr. Williams furrowed his eyebrows, the first real sign that something was wrong. Something had to be wrong. Castiel could feel it. “Such rapid labor is uncommon. We must act fast, Mr. Novak.”
Daphne took Dean in, offering him a soft smile as she shook his hand. “I remember you, Dean. Castiel made me watch all of your movies. I’m not much for scary things, but they were good.”
Castiel smiled. Dean was a natural when it came to being a dad. On the other hand, Castiel had a lot to learn. Castiel hadn’t been a good dad to Claire so far. “Dean, can I hold her?”
“Dean, it seems that Castiel received some bad news tonight,” Esther said. “He’s not doing too well. Robert found him on the restroom floor of the bookstore. He was a mess, sweetheart. We brought him home, but he’s insisting that we take him to the airport now. I told him he shouldn’t be traveling in his state, but he keeps saying that his mom is dying and he needs to see her.”
Castiel knew he’d hit Dean’s prostate again. In the midst of all this hazy pleasure, Castiel was glad that he’d learned how to make Dean feel good already. Castiel would make it his duty to continue learning Dean’s pleasure, his sensitive points, the areas of his body that made him shiver when touched or kissed. Castiel wanted to make Dean feel loved in every way possible.
Dean smiled brightly. That wasn’t a no. “Okay. Let me know what they say. Canada and I will be waiting for you.” Dean mentally facepalmed. So cheesy.
“Hey, buddy,” Dean said, his voice light and giddy. “Glad to see you joining me once again on this nice patch of grass.”
“Just because you’ve experienced tragedy before doesn’t make you an expert, Cas. Besides, they’ll forgive you. They love you too much not to.”
But now that they were here again, Dean simply relished the closeness. He hadn’t been held this way in far too long. His hookups never stuck around to cuddle him. And Dean wasn’t close like this with anyone else. He’d never wanted to be. But this was Castiel. And he’d always belonged this close to Dean.
Dean snorted, wondering if Sam—or worse, Jo—had already told everyone about Castiel. “You guys know me better than that. I don’t kiss and tell.”
Castiel squinted. “I’ve written a handful of romance novels, and my guess is that the waiter is, in fact, giving off flirtation signs.”
“Cas! Cas!” Dean ran back into the house from the backyard, gripping his phone in his hand. He found Castiel in the living room, watching television and drinking the rest of the lemonade.
Dean nodded, unwilling to let her go just yet. “I know it’s you, Lis. I can’t believe you’re here. I’ve missed you so fucking much.” He eventually did pull away, holding her by the shoulders as he looked at her. She hadn’t changed. Well, she was slightly tanner and her hair was shorter, but other than that, it was the same old Lisa. She looked completely confused and maybe a little concerned, too.
“I’m eternally grateful that you came into my life and stuck around long enough to love me,” Castiel continued. “I can’t wait to sit in our rocking chairs on the front porch, drinking sweet tea until we’re old and gray. Thank you for giving me your heart when I gave you mine.”
If I were a musician, I would have written a song for every freckle on your skin, especially for my personal favorite on your left (butt) cheek. I think of your freckles as stars, but brighter and closer and easier to touch. When I fill your face with kisses, and you laugh in my arms, I’m really kissing your freckles. What can I say? I’m a sucker for them.
There was silence on the other end of the line. Dean thought Castiel had hung up. But then he said, “Did you call me just to ask if I remembered our drunk flirting from last night?”
“What?” The question seemed to be coming from everyone in the room. Everyone except Claire, of course.
“Let me get a slice of cherry pie with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top,” Dean said. “I know I’m not done with my food yet, but the gut wants what the gut wants.”
It was hard to tell someone that no, they weren’t friends. Dean had nothing against Anna, or her brother, but allowing them on his road trip was taking a huge leap from liking them. “I really have to go, and you guys don’t have anything ready. I don’t see how that would work out.”
Dean watched him go, the guilt he’d felt still bubbling inside him. Aaron didn’t deserve the way Dean had treated him. And despite all that, he still called him a good man. “I’m such an asshole.”
“I don’t mind.” Castiel was quiet for a moment. “Dean, I’m happy. With you, I mean. I’m happier than I’ve been in a long time. I hope you are, too.”
Downstairs, Sam was cooking breakfast. The sight was unusual because as far as Dean remembered, Sam hating cooking of any kind. Maybe things changed when he got married. God, did Dean even know Sammy anymore?
Hours later, they were eating burgers in Castiel’s backyard. Claire had been passed around the table because everyone wanted to hold her. She was now with Bobby and Ellen, babbling incoherently as Ellen fed her banana puree. Dean sat across the three of them beside Castiel and Sam, who were having a long conversation on the best dog foods, snacks, and toys since Sam and Jess had finally gotten their dog. After Ben left, they’d put off getting their dog because Ben had been so excited about naming it. But Dean was glad they’d finally done it. Sam had always wanted a dog growing up.
Dean grinned. “Are you kidding? I’m dying to read that book. Are The Angel and The Man still kicking ass? Do they know why everyone is after the angel? ‘Cause they can’t seem to catch a break.”
Dean chuckled, looked over at Castiel, who was watching him intently. “Yeah, I know. I guess it’s because I’m back here after so long, but I was thinking about someone I haven’t thought of in years.”
But Dean followed after the sound, anyway. Once he reached the end of the hallway, he was stuck, so he turned around, his back to the wall. Castiel stopped a few feet away, waiting.
Castiel let go of one of Dean’s hands to gently brush back a strand of Dean’s hair. “We’ll go to therapy tomorrow morning. We’ll figure it out then.”
“It was after you were moved to my area. Lisa and I sort of hit it off, but what we had was nothing serious. Just a few nights. She told me she slept with you before, and I told her she’d been very lucky. Lisa just laughed and said that I shouldn’t get my hopes up with you because, well, she didn’t think you’d ever want anything serious. I didn’t bother telling her that you hated my guts, anyway.”
Dean nodded. “Yeah, I think we might as well call it an early night. We’ll have a more productive day tomorrow.”
“I got them done at Betty’s. No, stupid, there wasn’t anyone else there. Why are you even asking about her? Look, there’s no point in bringing this up again. Castiel, please.”
Without turning around, Castiel mumbled, “To my left, in the gray business suit. Judging by his top four buttons open, I could tell where his mind was heading.”
“That’s your little sister, Dandy,” Dean said, wondering if that was actually true. He’d never even owned a pet before. “It’s gonna be rough for you guys, I’m not gonna lie. But you gotta be strong, both of you. For Cas. He’s gonna need you now more than ever.”
Castiel smiled this time as he covered Dean’s lips with his own. Castiel kissed Dean slowly, like they had all the time in the world, like he was savoring it. Dean breathed into the kiss, opening his mouth up to Castiel’s, letting his tongue move inside, tasting him, again and again. Castiel held Dean’s face in his hands, pulling him even closer.
Castiel was finding it hard to think about anything at the moment other than how close Dean was standing to him. “Dean.”
Castiel was touched to know that. He would go anywhere with Dean as well. Either traveling or permanently. It didn’t matter. Dean was his home. The realization wasn’t that surprising to Castiel. Long ago he’d given Dean his heart. The more time passed, the deeper Castiel fell for the beautifully stubborn man devouring a slice of peach pie like it was his favorite thing in the world. Loving Dean was like a neverending freefall. Castiel pictured himself on top of a rollercoaster. Every day he fell again and again, unexpectedly and suddenly, but wonderfully so. That electrifying feeling in the pit of his stomach whenever Dean did something as simple as hold his hand, the way he became flustered just being around him, it was intoxicating.
Dean laughed with tears in his eyes. “I’m happy, too, honey. I can’t believe you’re really here. Hey, do you wanna see Dandy? I know she missed you, too.”
Castiel wasn’t sure when he started crying, but the tears filled up his eyes and then there was nowhere else for them to go than down his cheeks. He was crying out of frustration more than anything. He wanted so desperately to be strong. He couldn’t break down over Amelia’s death because he had Claire now. Claire needed a father who was put together, not someone broken. Castiel didn’t have the luxury of falling into depression or letting himself go because Claire needed him now more than ever, so he had to be a good dad.
“I’m glad we’re not just friends anymore.” Castiel bit his lip. “Don’t get me wrong, I always loved being your friend, but this is so much better.”
“Oh, honey, I’m sure I’ve talked your ears off enough for today,” Pamela said. “Anyway, you are all done and good to go.”
Castiel knew that Bobby had something else to say to him because he was standing about six feet away from him, eyes roaming the room like he was trying to find the right place to set them. Castiel was getting ready to prompt Bobby in order to make it easier on him, but thankfully Bobby finally broke the silence.
Dean wasn’t looking for apologies. He wasn’t even angry with Castiel. But it hurt him to know he couldn’t trust Castiel anymore. As if they needed another problem to add to the stack.
Things were tense and awkward as the rest of them got in the Impala. They noticed that Castiel was in the backseat instead of the passenger seat, which Sam took instead. Dean pulled up at their favorite diner, The Roadhouse, and they grabbed a booth. Castiel sat with Sam and Jo, while Charlie and Dean sat across from them.
“That’s really unlikely, but it’s okay. When she gets sick again, we’ll get through it together. Just like tonight.”
Castiel, close enough to hear Sam’s voice, stood up immediately, eyes wide with concern. Dean couldn’t find his voice at first. He stood and stared at Castiel, mouth open.
Dean had wandered off to the pool, which was paired up with a jacuzzi. All he could do was gape at it.
A third body fell at the entrance of the building. The lady who greeted them stood at the glass door, staring at the splattered body with wide eyes. Her palms pressed against the door, and she screamed at the top of her lungs.
The new year was approaching them and all Castiel could think of was his present and his future, both involving Dean. Tonight, his past wouldn’t weigh him down. All of those miserable things he’d lived through felt so insignificant compared to the amazing things he got to live now. It was all a matter of balance. Castiel had finally found the perfect balance in his life. And it was all due to Dean. Wonderful, beautiful, amazing Dean. The man Castiel was head over heels for. The man who owned Castiel’s heart.
“What do you think happened to your soul, Cas?” The question had been nagging Dean for a while, but he couldn’t keep it in any longer. “I wondered about that when I thought it would be me instead of you.”
Dean looked at Castiel and all he could do was smile. “Yeah. I know.” A huge weight had just been lifted off his shoulders.
The Roadhouse only had a few patrons tonight, which indicated that it probably wasn’t a weekend. Even better. Dean didn’t want anyone bothering him tonight. He’d had to put up with Sam and Castiel enough to put up with strangers now, too.
Dean went back to the grill, and he was glad when Castiel joined him, standing close beside him. “Hey, thanks for keeping him entertained while Lisa and I set up over here.”
“Let me go alone.” The look Dean sent her made her backtrack. “I won’t disappear again. I swear to you, I won’t. I just want to prepare him. He doesn’t know we’re going to see you. I just told him we were going to stay with his grandma for a while. Let me get him mentally ready for you. We’ll be back soon.”
Castiel swallowed, trying to stop fidgeting with the hem of his shirt. “Where are my car keys? I need my truck. I need to go somewhere.”
The sound of a phone ringing woke Dean up. It took him a few seconds to realize it was his phone. He pulled it out of his pocket and answered it without checking the screen.
Right after a commercial break, Anna broke into Dean’s room, throwing aside the blanket on top of him. “Castiel told me what happened. Are you okay? Are you hurt? Are you sick? Oh, my God, you can’t even talk anymore!”
A beat of comfortable silence passed between them. Castiel put out the joint on a little ashtray and went back to staring at the stars.
“I promise, I will go out there and be a dad, but I just need some time.” His voice broke, so he stayed quiet for a short minute. “I just need some time, Dean.”
“What are you doing here so early?” Jo asked, grabbing one of the breakfast burritos Dean had cooked up in the kitchen.
. It was a song that Castiel had never before heard him play. Dean harmonized the “ooooh’s” perfectly with the guitar strums. He might only know how to play a few songs, but he’d gotten pretty good at playing them.
“Dean, you make it sound like I’m having an affair,” Lisa said, crossing her arms, offended. “Benjamin found me on Facebook, wanting to talk about Ben. Since he is my son’s father, I couldn’t just ignore him.”
Dean held Castiel’s cold hands, blowing warm air on them. “No. I’m always glad you’re here, Cas. Are
Castiel grinned. “I’ll be right back then.” Castiel grabbed his keys from the little table by the door, and opened his door to reveal Dean, hand reaching for the doorbell.
Dean looked at Castiel’s profile, the wrinkle on his eye as he grinned at Charlie and Sam. Being with him tonight felt like no time had passed. And Dean recognized the feeling in the pit of his stomach. That hope, that feeling came alive. Dean knew it was time to let that feeling go. If they were going to work together again, Dean had to move on. Otherwise, he wouldn’t survive this.
Esther and Robert looked at him for what felt like the longest moment of Castiel’s life, and then they both smiled.
Ben slipped out of his sandals and removed his t-shirt, clad in his blue swimming trunks. Then he grabbed one of the inflated beach balls on the grass. “Can I get in?”
“I do, yeah.” Dean cleared his throat, looking anywhere but at Castiel. “I also wanted to ask you something.”
Dean furrowed his brow, trying to make sense of what Castiel had implied. Then he remembered they were still on their lunch break and he checked the time on his phone. “Oh, shit, we’ve been here for over an hour.”
“Mom,” Dean said, lowering Jess’s bag and going straight to her. She wrapped her arms around him, kissing the top of his head the same way she’d done since he was a boy. “When did you get here, just now?”
Anna scoffed. “Don’t pretend I’m not your best friend, Dean. I know I am. You love me the best and you know it.”
“Dean?” Lisa asked in a quiet voice, finally moving her arms to hug him back. “You know it’s me, right? It’s Lisa.”
“You must be really tired.” Castiel took Claire in his arms and still offered Dean a hand to haul him up. Castiel kept an arm around Dean’s waist, guiding him safely to the Impala, where he dug inside Dean’s front pocket for the keys.
“Guys, you’re supposed to be going to sleep,” Dean said. “You can jump on the bed tomorrow. If you start doing it, Claire will want to do it, too.”
The Reunion Tower took them 560 feet off the ground and Dean had hated every second of it. Castiel had no idea that Dean was afraid of heights and apparently neither had Sam. Or maybe Sam and Jess hadn’t realized that the elevator that would take them up to the restaurant they’d chosen was full of glass windows to show their ascendance, making their journey entirely more terrifying for Dean. The entire time, Dean had a deadly grip on Castiel’s hand, shutting his eyes like he was hoping they would be teleported to safety if he just kept them shut long enough.
“I’ll be right there, Sammy,” Dean said, hanging up before he choked up on the phone. Sam didn’t need a crying Dean. He needed the strong, big brother Dean. “I…I have to go, Cas.”
Castiel couldn’t help but smile. “Ben, you can see me as whatever you want to see me. Just know that I love you very much.”
“I want you to be my husband,” Castiel said, sincerity in his navy blue eyes. “I want you to marry me. I know how sudden this is, and I know you might think I’m rushing things, but if this is a mistake, it’ll be the best fucking mistake of my life.”
As soon as they turned the corner, Dean wrapped an arm around Castiel’s hips, drawing him in so he could kiss Castiel’s cheek.
“That’s exactly what I thought,” Dean said. He got a little distracted when he heard the song in the movie.
“Missed you,” Dean said, angling their mouths again, and any reply Castiel could have given disappeared. Dean’s tongue brushed the top of his mouth, and Castiel arched his back against the seat. “Fuck,” Dean whispered against his lips, breaking off the kiss only to press open-mouthed kisses to Castiel’s neck.
They decided to go on an impromptu date after their therapy session. Charlie assured them that she could watch Claire a couple of hours longer. Well, actually, Charlie’s exact words had been, “You boys take all the time you need to get freaky with each other. Claire is safe and sound with us.”
Dean leaned his head against Castiel’s. “Yeah, well, even ghosts like you. You should take that as a compliment.” Dean hoped Castiel wouldn’t read too much into that. But if he did, maybe it wouldn’t be such a bad thing.
Right when Bob Dylan stopped singing, Dean pulled into a restaurant right off the highway in Missouri. Maggie’s Diner. It smelled good, so he took it as a sign to go inside.
“At Chuck’s.” Castiel dug through the bottom drawer and pulled out his clothes, stacking them on the floor beside him. “Why aren’t you at work?” he asked, hesitantly.
When he got home, Dean did his homework hastily and got ready for his date. This was technically his first date with Castiel. A little overdue considering how much they’d kissed already. But Dean was going to make this the best date Castiel had ever been on.
Dean shrugged. “I can figure something out. You’re a nice guy. I’m a Lawrence native. I can show you around.”
And the picture had somehow been taken, photocopied onto a Wanted poster, and it was now on a public bathroom in the middle of Nowhere, Texas.
Before they knew it, Castiel was straddling Dean’s lap—his computer pushed to the coffee table to make room—and things were getting heated. The moment he felt the familiar hardness in Castiel’s pants brushing against his thigh, Dean broke the kiss.
“Dean, we’re celebrating Christmas,” Sam said, as though he’d read his mind. “We’re not going to stay here and sulk. I won’t let you do this.”
A few seats beside him, Lisa’s phone on the table started ringing. Lisa must have forgotten it when she got up with Ben. Castiel scanned the room searching for her, but she was on the far side of the yard. The music would be too loud for her to hear him calling out to her.
Dean turned to look at him, and his face was so open and honest. Dean hadn’t met many people like Castiel, always saying things in earnest, with nothing hidden or covered up. “You’re not so bad to have around either.”
Even with Dean’s reassurance, Castiel struggled to shut off his mind and fall asleep that night. The concern never left him. Not even when Amelia told him over and over that he had nothing to worry about. Even when Castiel had the written confirmation in his cell phone.
“I’ve never felt like that with anyone before Cas. Not even Lisa. Especially not Lisa. I always thought that having sex was the only way to keep a relationship going. I thought that was as good as it would ever get. I thought that as long as we were having sex, we’d be okay. Indestructible. Sex is the only way I’ve ever measured how good my relationships have been.”
“You want anything to drink? I only got water here. If you want anything more fancy, we’ll have to go to Cas’s.”
Castiel wrapped an arm around Dean’s shoulders, kissing the top of his head. “It was. And you wanted to come alone.”
Dean was still where Castiel had left him, sitting on the kitchen floor with his head buried in his hands.
Later, they went down to the hotel’s restaurant for breakfast, which was as delicious as it was expensive. Dean didn’t know how Sam could afford such a fancy hotel. Well, he
Castiel smiled right back, like he was genuinely happy to see him. “So, you finally met Charlie and Rosa.”
Charlie blushed. It was so rare to see her blush that Dean found it endearing. “Yeah. Just once. It was really fast. But I’m glad we got that awkward first kiss out of the way.”
Ben cheered, jumping up and down. Then he grabbed Claire’s hand. “Come on, Claire, we’re getting ice cream! It’s gonna be a lot of fun. What kind of ice cream do you like?”
“Very sure.” Castiel dug out the key from his pocket, sliding it towards Dean. “Stop using the spare key outside. This is your house, too.”
Dean went directly to the backyard, spotting Ben now standing with two other kids, sipping a Capri-Sun as they all pet Dandy, who stood very still as she received attention. Dean wanted to make sure he had eyes on Ben during the entire interaction. It was important to him.
Dean chuckled. “No, man, I don’t think you’re boring. If you were boring, I wouldn’t be here right now. You’re the opposite of boring. You’re this weird little guy who always says and does things that surprise me.”
. All Dean did was sprawl on the couch, playing the Bejeweled Blitz app on his phone. He could spend hours like that. Castiel and Amelia could be in the room with him, and Dean wouldn’t interact with them other than to answer their questions every once in a while.
Dean curled his fingers in Castiel’s hair, his breathing quickening as Castiel moved his now open mouth to Dean’s neck, the hint of teeth nipping at the skin before sucking it hard. Dean couldn’t help the moan that escaped his throat. Castiel was driving him crazy with his mouth—what the ever loving fuck! Castiel’s hands remained firm on Dean’s hips as his mouth continued its journey on Dean’s neck, making it hard for Dean to keep a clear head. Dean was so lost in the feeling that he forgot where he was or who he was. All he knew was that Castiel’s hot mouth was on him and it felt fucking fantastic.
Dean had been repressing his love for Castiel. Not the friendship love. Not the platonic love that he’s convinced himself was the only kind that he’d felt. Dean had been repressing the love that uprooted him from the ground and shook him to his core. The love that burned within him, filled him with longing and desire and need. Dean ached for Castiel in every way possible. He ached for his touch, and his mouth, and his body. Dean had been aware of his attraction a while ago, but it was until this very moment that he understood the full extent of it.
When they were back in their room, dry and in bed, Dean lay awake in the darkness. Again, Dean and Castiel had their own separate twin beds. Dean was sure Castiel would never agree to share a bed with Dean again. The thought shouldn’t bother him as much as it did.
“I know, I know.” Dean swallowed. “I should be more grateful. And I think you’re right. A lot has changed. Nothing has to be weird between us.”
Jess swallowed, proceeding to clean Sam’s leg. Sam was so out of it, he didn’t even flinch. “Something was in the house. It guided me to the basement and then it appeared. A tall blond man. He…he said he would help us. He promised us safety from the angels in this house. He said there were blockers protecting us, things the angels couldn’t cross, so long as we stayed in here.”
Castiel threw his head back in laughter. They were having such a sweet conversation that took a swift turn. “I’m definitely looking forward to
“As crazy as you were about Buddy,” Dean said, grinning. “I even sang a song for you like you did for little Buddy!”
And when it was over, Castiel smiled at Dean and Dean smiled back at him. This was something that would stay between them. It was a small secret between two shouting friends.
There were lots of “oohh’s” and “aahh’s” from the audience as Dean shifted uncomfortably behind his podium. Of course, Gabriel would milk this cow as long as he possibly could.
Castiel didn’t want to think about Dean anymore. He couldn’t believe that this was his new reality. It felt far closer to a nightmare than anything his traitorous mind would conjure up.
“Count cars with me,” Dean said, reaching out his hand, though he knew he was too far to reach Castiel’s bed.
“Yes,” Castiel said. “I don’t think I allowed myself to realize it at the time, but the desire was there.”
“It’s funny how you used to call me your biggest distraction, and now you’re mine,” Dean said, turning around in Castiel’s arms until they were chest to chest, and Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel’s neck.
Dean closed his sketchbook, setting it on his bedside table. “I don’t think so. But thanks for the pep talk. Here’s the remote control if you want to watch TV.”
Dean grinned. “Yeah, there’s more movies like this. We can see all of them. If you want more dates, of course.”
Castiel grinned. “I’d rather have a private party with you.” He bent down to kiss Dean’s lips chastely but with intent.
Dean swallowed. He liked being called “baby” so, so much, it was ridiculous. He cleared his throat. “So, I’ll see you tomorrow night?”
“Alright, you’re good to go, handsome,” Dean said, finally retrieving his popsicle hands from Castiel’s neck.
“Doesn’t it? A year ago we were just two neighbors who’d just met, and now we’re raising a baby together. That’s unbelievable.”
It’s always at the end of the day, as I’m writing these letters, that it hits me all over again how fortunate I am to come home to you.
Dean grinned. “Alright, I’m down. I’ll let them know. I’m sure Sam and Jess will be on board. They always stress about getting all the food ready with their busy lives.”
The love between them was so honest, clear, and... pure. Dean wondered if others felt the same way when they saw him with Lisa. He stared at Lisa’s profile, seeing her perfect smile as she listened to Amelia talk a bit about her paintings. For the first time in a long time, Dean wondered if Lisa loved him as intently as he loved her.
What were the chances of them encountering an actual serial killer who’d lured them in with the promise of a very cheap swing set?
“Oh, it’s no bother,” Esther said. “Castiel told me how much you’ve done for him. If I can help out by making breakfast, it’s my pleasure.”
“It’s your turn to get Claire in bed tonight,” Dean said, picking up another rib and getting barbecue sauce all over his face again.
But the moment Robert and Esther stepped through the front door, their eyes were only for Claire. Esther asked if she could hold Claire and Castiel nodded, putting Claire in her arms. Esther started crying when Claire’s hand grabbed her finger.
Castiel opened the door. “I can’t take this off.” The whisker lines were smeared on Castiel’s cheeks, but it was still all there.
Castiel sighed. “Can you please tell me why it bothers you so much? Do you not want to be my boyfriend? Is that it?”
Dean cleared his throat, straightening up. He bit his lower lip, and then shied away from eye contact with Castiel. Also unusual.
The day went back to normal when Amelia showed up with the cake. She had never really attempted such a complicated cake as the one she’d made, but she had completely nailed it. And not in the sarcastic way of the ridiculous and hilarious Netflix show. Amelia had successfully sculpted a Scooby-Doo shaped cake. It was about ten inches tall, covered entirely in fondant and modeling chocolate. Scooby was sitting up with a smile. Next to him was a box of Scooby snacks left open, with the snacks spilling out. The amount of detail in the cake was absolutely stunning. Amelia had been working tirelessly on it because she refused to fail Ben. Castiel had never loved her more.
. He was being punished by all of the gods in all of the religions for wanting to kiss his professor when he knew he shouldn’t. He couldn’t.
“I like it more when we’re kissing.” Castiel kissed the corner of Dean’s lips, then his cheek, then the corner of his jaw, then under his chin. When Castiel’s lips reached Dean’s throat, Dean closed his eyes, sucking on his bottom lip. “You should sleep in your boxers,” Castiel said.
Dean watched him until he left the room, and then he reached for his own phone. He rolled onto his stomach, pulling up Netflix so he could continue watching the next episode of
“I’m a good friend, and I’m not going to let some kiss ruin our friendship. I’m just going to do it, okay? And you have to promise me that nothing’s going to change afterwards. We’ll just go back to normal. Because I can’t risk losing you, Dean. You’re too important to me.”
“I want a beer,” Dean repeated robotically. It felt like he was no longer with them. “I don’t want food.”
Dean waited for the sound of his husband dying. Waited as he realized there was no going back. Waited as he hoped the angel would kill Dean next, so he wouldn’t have to bear this for too long. Waited as his heart broke and reason escaped him.
Maybe Benjamin West wanting to be in Ben’s life wasn’t the end of the world. Maybe he was a changed man. Decent. And he only wanted the best for Ben, just like Dean and Lisa. Maybe he’d visit on major holidays, and Ben could get to know his biological dad. Maybe Dean and Benjamin could even get along. Maybe.
Dean walked with Castiel to the stairs, ignoring all the glances from the people on the floor. He thought he saw Bela somewhere, but he couldn’t care less about her reaction to Dean’s new friend.
Castiel continued kissing Dean and pressing his erection against him. Dean wrapped his hand around Castiel’s cock and stroke it until Castiel let out a moan.
Castiel leaned his cheek on Dean’s head. “I don’t mind. You can lay down next to Claire if you want. It might be more comfortable than sitting up.”
Castiel took out the chicken strips and put them on a plate. “God knows what’s going to happen anymore.”
. Dean had never been able to lie to Sam. But he really didn’t want to talk about this. “It doesn’t matter what I want. It’s just a friendly thing.”
“Anyway, remember since we didn’t like the food there, we went to a small Mexican restaurant near my apartment, and we ate tacos that were ten times better than that pricey place.”
Dean looked at Castiel, wondering what he’d told Charlie, but Castiel looked calm, a soft smile on his face as he looked at Dean. “Yeah, we went to dinner last night.”
Castiel chuckled, putting the book back on the shelf. Then, he walked to Dean’s dresser, picking up the framed photograph he’d given him on Christmas where Dean was carrying Claire in her red dress. “I love this picture.”
Castiel followed Dean to his couch, and let the other man flip to the right channel. It was when Dean put his boots into Castiel’s nice coffee table that he had to speak up.
“Then we’ll just sit here quietly,” Castiel said, removing his ring. Discreetly, he tucked it in his front pocket.
In the kitchen, Dean made everyone hold hands. Since he was improvising, he started singing one of his favorite songs from one of his favorite movies. It seemed appropriate. After that, they asked the spirit questions, letting the voice recorder pick up the sound. His gang was amazing in coming up with questions. Even Sammy. As much as he didn’t want to be here, he was trying.
Dean stepped out to the front porch, and turned back around. “Tell Amelia goodbye from me. And remember to put the cheesecake in the fridge so it doesn’t go bad.”
Dean opened his eyes, still avoiding Castiel’s eyes. “I get it, alright? You think we can’t do this. You’re scared, and you’re gonna end this. But I don’t think you should give up on us before giving this a chance. I love you, Cas. I can’t lose you.”
Castiel laughed. “Well, I’ll let you go so you can get to reading. And thank you for giving me the inspiration I needed to get some writing done tonight.”
The voice came from above. All heads titled up, including Dean’s. An angel flew above them, gray wings flapping calmly. This angel looked more human than most, with a pair of jeans and an orange hoodie. He was young too, resembling a teenager.
Dean looked at him, and caught him looking back. They stayed there for a moment, just staring at each other without saying a word. “Cas, I…I don’t think I should have tried to kiss you last night.”
Inside the store, there was a bit more chaos. Apparently, the cell phone signals being down caused more panic than angels showing up on earth to destroy the planet. All around there were people screaming at each other, at their phones, at the walls, and the poor store employees were having a real hard time getting them under control.
“I’m not so used to guys taking me out on dates before they sleep with me, so this is kind of brand new for me. But I’ll take it.”
“I see that.” Crowley cleared his throat. “Which is why, despite your tardiness today, I wanted to let you know that you have been given a raise.”
“No,” Dean said, watching the flames of the burning car, covering his nose as they neared the explosion area. His chest was puffing and his eyes were filled with anxiety. Castiel squeezed his hand.
A few minutes later, Bobby, Ellen, and Jo arrived. Castiel knew that the last time Dean had been around Jo, he’d had a minor (maybe major) freakout about her mistaking their friendship. Castiel didn’t understand what the big deal was. Castiel and Dean had always been close and maybe a little touchy with each other. But Castiel had always been a very physical person. He liked to show his affection with touch. It had taken some time for Dean to come around and feel comfortable enough with Castiel to allow for that physical closeness. Castiel didn’t see anything wrong with it. If Jo misinterpreted that as something romantic, then that was her problem, not theirs.
The last thing Dean wanted was to go to a stranger with their problems, but after Sam suggested seeing a counselor, Dean couldn’t shake off the idea. Dean had to give it a shot. It was that or nothing, and Dean couldn’t take the “nothing” option anymore.
Castiel flicked off the lights, leaving only the light from his lamp on his nightstand. He wasn’t sure how much time had passed as he and Dean just sat there, watching over Claire. Castiel yawned, but he was stubborn, and if he didn’t want to fall asleep, he wouldn’t. After all, he’d had plenty of practice not sleeping.
to be here. I wanna take care of you and Claire. I finally feel useful again. I feel like I’m back on the right path.”
Castiel rolled himself on top of Dean, laughing as he went, and once he was right where he wanted to be, he kissed Dean. This time, they kissed gently, unhurriedly, like they had all the time in the world.
They had twenty episodes to shoot. Dean hadn’t even made it through one, and he wanted to scream and cry and vomit.
Dean tried not to run as he made his way to his brother on the couch. He sat down on the edge, staring at the marked-up essay in Sam’s hands. “Well?”
The answering wide smile Dean gave him was enough to melt Castiel. He wished he could kiss Dean’s smile. Instead, he smiled back at him, continuing to eat with his one free hand, unable to withdraw the hand Dean was still touching. These sweet moments meant more to Castiel than Dean would probably ever know, but that was okay. For now.
Dean rolled his eyes. “No. Okay, yes. But only because she asked me about work. And he was with me when I talked to her.”
Dean burst into laughter. He’d almost forgotten the whole Burger King bit. “I thought you had dethroned me. You became the new Burger King after our last cook off.”
“We kind of hated each other,” Dean said. “Though I think I was harboring an enormous crush on him that I didn’t realize existed.”
Castiel finally got out the words he’d been desperately searching for. “I’m actually here with my boyfriend.”
“So, that’s Dr. Sexy,” Castiel said. “Are doctors allowed to wear cowboy boots during their shifts?”
Castiel shook his head. “No, I get to rest for the rest of the day. My event is tomorrow evening, and then I leave first thing the day after tomorrow, so I won’t be in your way too long. Thank you for letting me stay here. I could have gotten a hotel room.
Dean gaped at him. How could someone be so cruel? Castiel was the kindest, most honorable man Dean knew. How could anyone be ashamed of him? “Cas, buddy, I had no idea that your family was just as much of a mess as mine.”
As he rounded the corner into the living room, he ran into Anna. Being back in such an enormous house felt strange. There were too many hallways and rooms and it was difficult keeping track of the few people who were inside. Anna was sticking around for a couple more days before she flew back to Seattle. Claire was with Naomi in the master bedroom, watching cartoons. The house was unnervingly quiet. Castiel missed Dean’s loudness.
Dean got lost in the videos Jo showed him, some of which showed shadow figures walking in the corners and mysterious whispers that hadn’t come from Jo or the friend who’s tagged along. Dean had always loved horror, so this kind of stuff fascinated him. He knew Castiel would love this, too.
Dean rolled his eyes before leaning in to kiss Castiel’s chest, right above his nipple. “I’m gonna go before you try to talk me into another minute.”
Castiel’s thumb brushed the back of Dean’s hand softly. “We do that all the time. I wanted today to be special. We must celebrate your birth, Dean. The fact that you’re alive and that you’re in my life—our lives—is worth celebrating.”
“No, he’s so private about that stuff. You’d think it’s a national secret he’s keeping in there or something.”
At first, it was hard to focus on the words while knowing Castiel was sitting right beside him, waiting for any little reaction Dean might have. So Dean was very careful, trying to keep him in suspense until he finished. But then Dean got so caught up in the story and the characters that the rest of the world just disappeared.
“Maybe later,” Castiel said, like a promise. He stopped in front of a big photograph of Dean, Sam, and their parents, Mary and John. It’d been taken the day Sam was heading to Stanford. “I heard about what happened to your parents. I’m really sorry, Dean.”
“So you’re going to let that woman cheat on you?” Castiel asked, trying to keep his voice at a conversational level, but finding it very hard to do. “Dean, you can’t possibly tell me that you’re going to just turn a blind eye on what happened. They were on your bed! If I had walked in five minutes later, they probably would have been fucking on your bed!”
The right side of his mattress was cold, only further marking the absence of another warm body. For a short second, Dean panicked. He forgot that he wasn’t alone anymore.
“You don’t mind, do you?” Anna said, smiling innocently as she lowered her camera. “We’re on a road trip. Memories are important.”
The angel moved the sword from his left hand to his right hand with ease, almost playfully, and he stopped a foot away from Castiel, landing a hand on his head. The angel inclined Castiel’s head down, to a bow, making it appear like nothing but a gentle caress. Castiel’s hands balled into fists, but other than that, there was no indication that he was afraid. Seconds from death. Castiel was seconds from death and Dean could do nothing to help him.
One of the perks of having their wedding in their own backyard was that all the money they saved could be put to use on their cross country road trip, which they would be embarking on the following morning with Claire and Ben. Lisa and Benjamin had agreed to the trip easily. There was very little that the three of them disagreed on nowadays. They’d found a way to work together to be the parents that Ben deserved.
Two frustrating hours later, Dean had cleaned up the mess in the room (sort of) and had shower and changed into something clean. Ever since what happened that morning, Castiel had been smug as never before. It was as though Castiel could sense how turned on Dean had been by the entire thing, and how the prank had quickly backfired on him.
Dean sighed, glancing at Castiel for another second before tiptoeing out of his bedroom. He went into the bathroom, and when he came back out, he heard someone in the kitchen.
Dean let out a shaky breath, dropping his pants and boxer briefs in one go. It would be a really long day.
They were back in the Impala. Dean had driven them to a gas station, where the only food they could find was trail mix and Twinkies. Not the healthiest choice, but at least they wouldn’t starve yet.
Dean made a face, trying very hard not to picture what that would taste like. “If Claire’s giving you those cravings, I’m kind of worried what her eating habits will be when she’s finally here.”
Dean stood very still as the nurses that had been working on Mary left the room, one by one. Dean’s gaze was solely on Mary, even when the doctor told them that she would give them the room so they could say goodbye before they took her body downstairs. To the morgue.
This was perfect. Just perfect. Getting stuck in an elevator with Castiel on the day that he had plans with a beautiful woman. Dean pulled out his phone to check for a signal, but he had none. At least the elevator wasn’t packed. Most people took the stairs, to be healthy or whatever. But Dean wouldn’t trek down four floors of stairs. No way in hell.
Gabriel chuckled. “I’ll let you go so you can drive safely. Your feline says goodbye.” There was a loud meow on the phone before Gabriel hung up.
Anna smiled, squinting her eyes from the sun. “You’re a good guy, Castiel. I shouldn’t have yelled at you on your birthday.”
Dean tried to focus on finding an empty room for them, but all he could feel was Castiel’s hands. One of them was in Dean’s back pocket, as an excuse to touch his ass of course, while the other slid inside Dean’s shirt, touching him anywhere he could.
Gabriel motioned for them to take their places, and then addressed the crowd. “Our contestants will now do their very own take of a most memorable story. The story of the first sin. This is the story that started it all.”
Dean waved a hand, dismissively. Then he wiggled his eyebrows at Sam and Jess. “Guess who I am. Go on, guess.”
Cas raised his eyebrows, but he didn’t smile or frown. His face was completely blank. “Listen, Dean, I have to put these away and lock up, so I don’t think I have time to listen to your
“I know!” Amelia said. “Only time I’ve considered divorcing him.” She laughed. “No, not really. But I told him ‘fuck no.’ She’s my baby, too. I’m not getting rid of her.”
Castiel squeezed Dean’s knee before removing his hand. “I never get tired of watching them fall in love.”
“I know this might surprise you coming from me, but I think therapy is kind of awesome. Talking to Jody every week has made me work through issues that I never even knew I had. You lost the love of your life a little over a month ago. I think therapy could work for you, too. I could ask Jody if she has any openings. She’s a grief counselor, you know.”
“Dean, we don’t know the first thing about gardening. Besides, that takes time. We’ll both be busy with work and Ben. I don’t see how that would work.”
There was suddenly another presence in the house. A blond man stood in the middle of the living room, and there was something elegant about him. The man was dressed in fine blue clothing seeped in complicated laces, looking like royalty. His authoritative presence filled the room. “I’d hate to interrupt an emotional moment, but I believe you called for me.”
“Yeah, and I make a mean fajita. I’m not so good with the desserts yet, but I made a few pecan pies that everyone ate without a fuss. I guess I’m not so bad in the kitchen.”
The moment the screen showed the obvious results, and Castiel’s face flashed on the screen, Dean let it all out. Vomit spilled everywhere around him, and it just kept coming and coming. Dean fell to his knees and his head continued spinning. Castiel couldn’t do this. It couldn’t all fall on him. Castiel couldn’t do this. He couldn’t. He just couldn’t.
The next text came as Dean was paying. Dean waited to check his phone until he was in the parking lot, opening up his trunk to deposit all his bags inside.
Castiel had apparently not let go of Dean’s joke from before because as soon as they sat down at a picnic table table to eat their burgers, he pointed out a few cowboys, labeling them as possible contenders. “How about that guy, with the tan hat and red boots? Maybe he’ll be your future boyfriend.”
Dean blushed, and he wasn’t sure why. It was kind of an odd question coming from his professor. Although, Castiel had said they were friends, so maybe it wasn’t so odd. Dean couldn’t possibly imagine Castiel had asked because he was interested in Dean. That would be crazy. Right? “Not married. Not engaged. I don’t even have a partner.”
Dean threw his head back on the couch and rubbed his hands on his face. “This is gonna be a nightmare. I can already tell.”
“Yeah,” Dean said. “Cas and I live together, and we have a beautiful daughter. I have pictures, if you wanna see her.”
“You are not going to that abandoned asylum, Dean,” Castiel said as he trailed behind Dean in his apartment. Castiel was still in his sheriff getup, and he looked gorgeous, which wasn’t helping Dean’s case.
Dean hugged Castiel back tightly, burying his face in his neck. “I’m sorry, Cas. I shouldn’t have been driving. I knew it was a bad idea, but I don’t know what I’m doing anymore. I’m so fucking tired of feeling this way. I don’t wanna feel this way anymore. I want it all to go away. I’m so tired, Cas. So tired.”
Mary gave him an amused look. “You’re standing up straight and firm like a soldier awaiting command. You only did that with your dad.”
Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “Yeah, yeah, we went. It was…an experience. I don’t think it helped either of us. Not to mention that the building got thrown down as soon as we walked out. Cas ran out of there, and I chased after him, and that saved our lives.”
Castiel nodded. He knew. He’d been there through every one of them. Castiel had been a constant for Dean, and he didn’t want that to change. He’d convinced himself that being Dean’s best friend was all Castiel
Castiel pushed himself behind one of the nurses and held Amelia’s hand. Amelia gripped his hand, her eyes wide as they looked at him. “I’m right here, Ames. I’m right here.”
Dean looked into Castiel’s blue eyes, trying to gauge whether or not he was messing with him. “Really?”
“I should head back to my business,” Castiel said, shifting on his feet. “We’re in the middle of rush hour, but I needed a short break. I’ll stop by in the afternoon for the pies.”
Dean looked at Castiel. He hadn’t wanted to pry before, but since he brought it up, he would take his chance. “How are you doing...with that? With the divorce, I mean?”
Lisa’s eyes didn’t hold any compassion for how Dean was feeling, finally pouring his heart out to her. Instead, there was a hard edge to them. “Well, that’s all been on you, Dean.”
Regardless, Castiel brushed back Amelia’s hair from her face and was surprised to find that it was still soft and lush like it had always been.
“I’ll try to think of something,” Dean promised, “although, I still think Harry Potter is a good conversation starter.”
Castiel reached across the table to cover Dean’s hand with his own. “I’m sorry, Dean. Are you okay?”
minutes of shutting down all of Dean’s suggestions. Dean put the box in Castiel’s cart and walked beside him to the milk section. “Oh no, please tell me you know which type of milk you like.”
Dean touched the small of Castiel’s back. “I can go check on the phones if you want to keep the kid company.”
? Were they allowed to date as co-stars? They were just starting this new phase of their relationship. Dean didn’t want to share it with anyone else yet. “I think it’s better if we keep this between us for now. With the show and everything, it might not be such a good idea to broadcast it.”
