It had been a quiet day in the bunker. Jack had gone out to Jody’s to hang out with the girls, Sam and Eileen were shopping and wouldn’t be back until later that evening. Cas and Dean were still unsure how to act around each other after their talk. All the fear and guilt they had been carrying for over a decade didn’t just vanish overnight. Since Dean had told Cas he loved him three days ago, they tiptoed around each other, clueless of how to deal with their feelings now that they were out in the open. Even though they spent most of their day together, searching for hunting jobs, cooking dinner or watching TV, they hadn’t
Castiel had been right, Sam and Eileen were back from their run and already on breakfast duty, Jack sitting at the counter, talking restlessly about some new show they had started. “You see, she just didn’t want them to get hurt, that’s why she insisted on being there. But Adora and Bow just thought she wanted to take the lead of the mission, which was – well maybe part of it – but that’s not the point. I get why they were mad, though.”, Jack was explaining while simultaneously signing the words to Eileen, who looked at them, admiration in her eyes.
“And it’s a yes”, he hums with his deep voice and a fiery smile that makes his eyes crinkle; snatching the ring out of Dean’s hand, whose head is still railing from the exchange.
Dean let him undress him, let him pull the shirt off as well. Cas touched his chest and moved his fingers over his arms. “Like what you see?”, Dean joked and grinned at him. Cas, breathless, couldn’t even roll his eyes at him. Dean unbuttoned the rest of Cas’ shirt and traced his finger down his chest and stomach, before Cas forced him down again, eagerly searching for his lips. The panting grew heavier and Cas felt urges, he never felt before. He wanted to rip the jeans off of Dean. He needed them gone. Dean, who had seen the look Cas was throwing him before, twitched in excitement and arousal. He kissed Cas again, licking all over and inside his mouth, while his hands went down to Cas’ trousers, unbuckling the belt. With shaking hands, Cas tried the same, fingering at Dean’s belt. After Dean snapped open Cas’ belt, he unbuckled his own. Unable to keep away for long, Dean pressed himself onto Cas again, still moving and thrusting against him. “Off”, he managed to get out and tucked at Cas’ trousers. “Off”, he repeated. Cas did as he was told and wriggled out of them. Laying on the couch only in his pants and unbuttoned shirt beneath Dean, Cas was a sight for sore eyes, especially to the eyes of a certain hunter. “Fuck,”, he let out and started at the panting, flustered angel underneath him. He pulled down his jeans but couldn’t bother to lose them all the way. Instead, he bent down and started to kiss Cas’ neck and collarbone, moving towards his stomach. Cas closed his eyes, just concentrating on the feeling of Dean’s lips on his skin. When Dean reached the hem of his pants, he breathed hotly against the fabric. He never done anything like this before and insecurity tucked at his mind. But he shoved it aside and just let his body guide him. Carefully, he started kissing the inside of Cas’ thighs, sucking at the soft skin, coaxing moans and groans from his angel. He was getting hard and he could tell that the same was true for Cas. He kissed the imprint on Cas’ pants, breathing against it. Cas twitched and twisted, and his hands were searching for Dean. He found a hand and squeezed it, overwhelmed by the anticipation. Finally, Dean pulled down Cas’ pants and started to suck on Cas’ cock. It felt strange at first, but with every motion, it became more natural, and Cas’ whimpers and lustful noises definitely helped. Cas moaned and Dean grew more confident, toying around Cas’ cock with his tongue, licking the stretched skin. Salvia running down at the corner of his mouth, his chin was wet. Dean always fashioned himself to be good at giving head and from the sound of it, he didn’t disappoint this time as well. Sucking Cas, almost made him come. Something that never happened before. Breathing heavily, he stopped and pulled back, wiping away the fluid dripping down his face. Cas groaned, unfulfilled. “Shh”, Dean calmed him. He pulled down his jeans a bit more and set up, straddling Cas. With a quick motion, he gripped both his and Cas’ cock with the hand that was still wet from wiping his face. Thrusting into Cas, fucking them both with his hand, he felt lust roll through him. He wanted them to come together. It was their first time after all. Cas started moaning again and Dean didn’t stand a chance but joined him. Cas back hulked up, the sensation of Dean’s mouth on his body still present and now his hand around his cock almost being too much. He wouldn’t last much longer. “Dean”, he groaned hoarsely. “Yes, fuck”, Dean breathed out. They thrusted into each other, Dean’s grip getting harder, almost painful around them. Dean breathed out sharply between his teeth.
A promise to find the courage to free himself from the image he had built. To free himself from the ties that bound him to his father, to play the role he had been brought up to fulfil. The ring he had put on countless countertops when he did the dishes from that day onward. The ring he played with when he felt nervous. The ring he admired when it caught the sunshine.
“Basir”,
Sunshine woke them in the morning, tickling their noses with mellow light. Cas had gotten up somewhen in the night and watched some episodes of
Dean was sitting on the couch in the bunker, Miracle by his side. Absentmindedly he petted its head. Jack was in their room doing whoknowswhat and Sam was out somewhere with Eileen. The TV was on, playing Scooby-Doo reruns. Maybe he should tell Jack and they could watch it together, he mused. But then again, he didn’t know how to talk to the kid these days. All the guilt and the shame of the last year still lingered in his head. He had apologised and Jack said that they accepted his apology with a smile. But Dean still felt awful about it. Jeez, he had tried to drown the kid, he had used him as a bomb! He shook his head to get rid of the thoughts. Jack said it was fine, so its fine, he tried to convince himself. And Cas had said he shouldn’t separate himself from Jack like that.
. Jack’s heart was racing, for a moment their walls had been crumbling down. Relieved ebbed through their body. “Ok…”, they managed to say. “Good, so can you do that for me?”, Dean asked, suppressing the glee that Jack’s outburst had caused. His voice was low and warm. Jack nodded, then they looked up. “Um, what if I ask Claire to go hunting with Castiel…”, their voice drifted off, “and maybe we could go together?” They sounded hesitant, testing the water. Dean, taken by surprise, stood motionless for a minute, trying to put his head together. It was new to him, not being questioned, just unconditional support. He had thought about asking Sammy, but he was busy most of the time and he had figured he might just go and look for a ring on his own. “If you like to… I would… I mean yes, that would be great.”, his voice faltered, overcome with emotion. “That would be great, I would love that, Jack.” Jack smiled, that innocent and earnest smile, that could melt hearts. “I’ll call Claire.”, they said, encouragingly. “Give me a sec.”
“It’s a bit…flashy. I couldn’t”, he tried to explain, his face scrunched up in hurt because deep down he knew if it were not for John, he would have gotten it without a second thought. But he was his father’s son and that meant playing the part. As simple as that.
, that he can’t simply steal all of Cas’ food anymore, it’s finally time for the fireworks.
“Go on like this and I might.”, Dean scowls but is betrayed by his body getting excited from Castiel’s kisses and attention. Hands wander over the angel’s arms and his mouth maps out every inch of his face and neck. “We’re still in public”, Castiel whispers softly, although it is his hand that snuck under Dean’s shirt, groping at the flesh and muscles beneath. “Yeah”, Dean huffs, or is it a moan?
“This is beautiful”, Cas breathes at his side and his eyes reflect the stars from above and the lights from below and Dean wonders how the hell he got so damn lucky.
.”, he choked at the thought of it and Dean grinned, “I felt, tired. Heavy. And I laid down next to you, that must have been when I fell asleep.”, he concluded. “That’s how it works, usually.”, Dean smart-assed but Cas didn’t mind it. He just looked up at Dean, eyes round and flustered, searching for answers he would never find. “But now I feel fine. Rested.”, Cas went silent again. Dean moved closer, putting a hand on Cas’ knee. “When you say you feel fine, and nothing bad happened. Then it's fine.”, he offered encouragingly.  “You fell asleep. No biggie. As long as you feel alright, I say everything is alright.” Cas smiled weakly at Dean; he didn’t know why it took such a toll on him. The cold, he didn’t mind so much, somehow, this was different though. Losing consciousness and waking up again had been peculiar. Yet, it wasn’t the worst feeling. He still felt the warmth in his arms and legs, the heaviness that had wrapped him up. The sensation of drifting off with Dean in his arms. It wasn’t unpleasant, on the contrary. Cas’ smile grew bigger and he finally looked Dean in the eyes again. “I’m good.”, he said with emphasis. “Good, then let’s go, before Mr No Bacon suffers a heart attack from driving off to late.”, Dean rolled his eyes jokingly and pulled Cas up onto his feet.
The ring lays heavy in his sweating palm, and he turns around to face Cas completely. The angel mirrors his action instantly, without a second apart. Being nose to nose with Cas is oddly calming. This was real. They were real. And in love.
All was still in the bunker early in the mornings. Jack tried to be extra quiet when they got up entertaining themselves while the others were still asleep. Sometimes they would dabble in cooking breakfast and prepared massive amounts of food, especially when Claire and Kaya were around. Cas joined them occasionally, but most of the time, he would stay in bed with Dean, holding him in his arms until he woke up. It was calming, listening to Dean’s breath. After millions of years, this was his deserved break. A break from everything. From all of earth, from the whole universe even. When Dean was next to him, his head on Cas’ chest, breathing slowly, Castiel forgot about it all. He could finally
Almost demonstratively, the angel leans back again, stretching his left hand out in front of him and sliding the ring on his finger. Turning it in the glittering of the fireworks and starlight from above, his face falls into awe again, the same way he looked at the night sky moments before and Dean feels his insides turn to pudding.
“Yeah, maybe someday. I’ll try”, he had muttered, voice quiet and defeated.
Jody had taken her place next to Donna in the front row, her hand squeezing her girlfriends tightly. Donna bowed her head and gave a peck on the cheek, “Are the boys ok?”, she asked. Jody nodded, her eyes slowly welling up. “They look so handsome, Don.”, she whispered, afraid to start crying before the ceremony even started. “I bet they do.”, Donna winked and on this note, they heard a gasp rolling from the back rows further into the hall. When they turned around the reason for the awe was apparent. Dean and Sam walked into the room, looking like they just escaped from a Marc Jacobs shooting. Dean was visibly uncomfortable with having all eyes fixed on his walk down the aisle, you could see his hand twitching and his forced smile didn’t help to cover it up either. People on both sides of the aisles were smiling and waving at them, whispering words of encouragement as they walked past. The room was filled with people of their past, their families, and close ones. Charlie mouthed “you go this, bitch” as Dean walked by and he just managed to smile shyly back at her and her girlfriend. After what felt like an eternity, they arrived at the front where a small man was beaming at them, his smile reaching from ear to ear. “Hi Dean, hi Sam” his screechy, cheerful voice greeted them. Dressed in a suit a bit too shaggy for him and cowboy boots, Garth grabbed their upper arms and pulled them into a hug. “Hey, Garth”, Dean tried to keep his voice steady and his eyes dry. “You look ravishing”, Garth eyed him from head to toe, playfully winking at him. It would do Dean good to be annoyed at him, he thought, judging by the nervous mess he seemed to be right now. The words didn’t miss their target and Dean rolled his eyes groaning.
more sense”, he says, lips twitching.
Dean nodded, head swirling and cheeks hot.
“Less flashy, less overt but still beautiful and unique.”, he added and handed Dean one that consisted of two thinner bands, with a carved line in the middle. It shimmered and glistened in the headlights, and Dean thought maybe this was it, he could definitely wear this one.
someone who would do it, again and again, and again, never questioning why. But you did. You stood by me and you pieced me together every time. I love you, more than I thought anyone can love anyone. I still learn to understand how I deserve so much happiness. I still learn to accept the way you see me. Meeting you has changed my life in more ways than you think, and I wouldn’t be here if it weren’t for you. I love you, Castiel. I love you and I cannot wait to spend the rest of my life with you. So, I vow to stay when it feels easier to leave, and I vow to care when I want nothing more than to stop feeling. I vow to love you with all that I got because that is all that I can offer you.”, with shaking hands Dean folded the paper and stuffed it in his pocket. Tears were falling from his face onto the shiny wooden floor. He wasn’t alone in that; Cas was trembling from crying and Claire had her lips pressed so tightly together that they were white. Without thinking, Dean reached out and closed his hands around Cas’ shaking fingers. He smiled through the tears. Stifled sobs and shushes were coming from the crowd. “Thank you, Dean.”, Garth wiped his eyes, the words stumbled wetly out of his mouth. He placed a hand on their shoulders and looked into the room. Red noses and glassy eyes were looking up at them, Jody pressed a handkerchief against the bridge of her nose as Donna patted her hand. Jack had curled themselves close to Kaia, who held them as Jack was smiling and crying, looking up at their fathers. “I think now that there is not a single dry eye left anymore, let’s cut to the chase. Sam, if you please.”, Garth gestures to a panting and teary-eyed Sam who fumbles with his breast pocket, producing a tiny velvet box. With jittery fingers, he opens it and two simple golden bands glimmered in the setting sunlight. Solemnly Sam passes them out to Cas and Dean who slowly let go of their hands and instead close their fingers around the delicate object placed into their palms that bore too much meaning to be so light.
“A pride shirt? Really?”, Dean nudges him as they walk out of the bunker.
scene until she dripped over and almost fell off the counter, at which point her girlfriend said their goodbyes and called it a night for the two. Kevin, having one too many appletinis, got into a fight with Claire over who the best power ranger was and to top everything off, Ed and Harry, oblivious to the fact that they couldn’t sing after tequila had convinced them otherwise, had given “Livin’ on a Prayer” a shot until Harry threw up in front of the whole party. All in all, it was a night to remember, or not, depending on your alcohol level. Dean had just put Sam and Eileen in a cab to get them home safely when he turned around to see that he and Cas were the last ones at the venue. “What a day, huh?”, he joked and walked up to his spouse. “And night.”, Cas added smiling wistfully at the remaining decorations. Thoughtfully, Dean took Cas’ hand, the ring shining in the lamplight and led it to his mouth, kissing it with light lips. “Wanna go home? Well, I say home, to the bed and breakfast, I mean.”, he smiled against the warm metal band. Lifting a hand to Dean’s face and cupping his cheek, Cas nodded. The promise of Dean in clean sheets, only wearing the golden ring sounded inviting.
“I love you Dean Winchester”, he breathes against wet lips and Dean’s stomach makes a somersault.
“Next time lead with the YES”, Dean mutters coming down from his adrenalin spike and melting into Cas’ touch. The guy was lucky he was such a good kisser. Restless fingers search for Cas’ shirt, hauling the angel closer to him. His nose bumps against Cas’ jaw and rubs against the stubble.
“Me, too.”, he answers, calm eyes trained on the one face he cannot imagine his life without anymore.
After all, he made a promise and you had to keep those, right?
Swallowing against a closing throat he couldn’t help but stare at the shop assistant who just held his gaze, unfaltering and warm.
), so they used the afternoon for themselves. Vermont started to grow on him, and they decided to explore the city for a while. Everything looked more colourful than in Chicago or Kansas. The buildings were smaller and brighter and every second street they crossed was fitted with picture-perfect trees. They definitely landed in a white-picket-fence neighbourhood. Children ran around, couples trying to keep up. Dean didn’t know if he wanted to smile or puke, it was so sweet. “Many young humans”, Cas noticed and watched two women put their little one in the stroller, who rebelled pretty heftily against them. “Yup”, Dean shrugged following Cas’ gaze. The moms had managed to strap in the screaming child, looking at each other in desperation. Jack flashed before Cas’ eyes and unconsciously he squeezed Dean’s hand lightly, looking at the small humans with their guardians. Dean watched him expectantly, trying to figure out what thoughts drifted through Cas’ mind. But Castiel did not confide in him the images he saw of Jack, imagining them as a toddler, imagining picking Jack up and handing them to Dean as they fell asleep. A small blonde child, overcome by exhaustion, resting their head on Dean’s shoulder. Didn’t share the picture of the three of them on a playground, Jack running around and bringing them red and orange leaves in fall. He didn’t know what it was, fear maybe? Or embarrassment? For a second a shivering bleakness washed through him, and he couldn’t place it. He was happy with the family he had. He truly was, and yet, something tugged deep inside him, at his bones. “You ok?”, Dean asked concerned, witnessing the heartache that welled up in Cas’ eyes. “Yea”, Cas sniffled, still not understanding what had come over him. “Hey, there”, Dean paused, taking Cas’ chin into his hand, guiding it upwards. “What is wrong?”, eager green eyes pierced through him and Cas knew now and then, he couldn’t keep his feelings to himself anymore, those days were over. Now, they shared it, all of it. The happiness, the fear, the longing. “Its nothing.”, he said, trying to find the right words. “I just … I don’t even know what it is. I just thought Jack had to grow up so fast. So fast and they missed so much. We missed -”, shy blue eyes flickered looking up. Dean’s face softened as he realised what Cas was trying to explain. “Oh, sweetheart”, he pulled him into an embrace, hoping it conveyed everything that he couldn't find words for. “Cas, it's ok.”, Dean whispered, his mouth so near his ear, he could feel the tiny hair on his skin. “I know.”, came the weak answer. “I know, and I am happy, Dean. I am. I couldn’t be happier. It just.. sometimes its just,”, he couldn’t finish his sentence. “We missed so much.”, he breathed into Dean’s coat. His nails bit deep into the fabric, holding onto his lover, while the sadness slowly ebbed through him. “I know,”, Dean said gently, a knot in his stomach. “But there is so much life we haven’t lived and so many new experiences we will have.”, he tried to console him. Cas just nodded against his shoulder, he knew Dean was right. “And I look forward to doing all of it with you.”, Dean spoke tenderly as his heart started to race. “I could wish for no better future, than one I can share with you.”, his head was spinning, blurring his vision and setting fire between his lungs. Cas noticed the shift in his voice and the change in his breathing as Dean slowly pulled away. “I never saw myself growing old, or happy.”, gingerly he let his arms drop, his hands brushing over Cas’ sleeves until they reach his hands. “But when you came back and I understood what I have been feeling for all these years, everything got clear. Everything got easier.”, Cas looked at him in confusion. His head inclined, trying to figure out what Dean was doing, something felt different about his words, they were determined, solid and steady like bricks. Bricks that could build a house on shaking ground. “Life got easier, Cas. Because you make it easy.”  Dean chuckled, a nervous smile on his lips. “I know we fight, and we quarrel, and I know, I don’t make life easy for
“Pretty but masculine”, Basir laughed when Dean put it on, and Dean smiled quietly to himself.
“I love you, too.”
When Cas looks up again both have tears in their eyes.
“Why? Are you planning to divorce me already?”, Cas jokes and the asshole has the audacity to actually smile against his lips.
So, Cas curls his fingers in the hazel locks and uses them to pull Dean closer, deepening the kiss, coaxing tiny moans and noises from the freckled, ex-hunter.
“No…”
, Dean thought as he felt the tremor in Cas’ body, this one had no self-control. Not that he was complaining, it was kinda a turn-on for him. Dean took his hand away and wrapped it around his own cock to get it harder. He had no lube and he hoped that getting it slick with Cas’ spit would be enough. Still fingering Cas, he put the fingers of his free hand in Cas’ mouth. Cas let his tongue dance around and in between his fingers, while still rolling his hips. After Dean worked him long enough, he pulled out. Fast he slicked his cock with Cas’ spit and put both of his hands on Cas’ hip, steadying him. The head of his cock probed against Cas. “Easy,”, he mumbled, trying to relax Cas. When he finally pushed forward, Cas couldn’t suppress a long and loud groan. Dean let him, concentrating only on the feeling of Cas around him.
“Can I help you?”, the man had asked with a soft smile and Dean had noticed the white, sparkling nose stud on the tanned skin that stood out like a pearl in the sea.
, he explained dryly.
“Sweet”, Dean laughs shakily. It’s two hours before the show is supposed to start. He will die. Almost certainly. No man could survive the tension that builds in his chest whenever he thinks about his plan.
I wanna lay like this forever
, Cas thought. He had heard that before. Or read about it when he researched for the wedding. He looked at the pair of thick wool socks he had brought with him. Now or never, he thought. Even though no one was around, he sneaked out of the room and walked up the corridor again. Outside the branches swayed in the wind, rattling through the leaves. No one crossed his way this time. He was lucky. Not long and he stopped in front of a heavy door. The wood was dark and shiny. A reddish-brown. He breathed in deeply, his insides were shaking. Looking around to make sure nobody was around, he brought up his hand and knocked cautiously. No one answered. “Dean”, he said, his voice croaked out of nervousness. He held the socks tightly to his body, his nails biting into the fabric. Footsteps and then the door opened up. Dean appeared before him, like a revelation, bathed in warm light. “Cas?”, he stared in confusion, but as his eyes settled on the nervous Cas in front of him, his expression changed. Instead of confusion, utter affection settled. He looked at Cas as if he saw him for the first time. Sparks flying in a barn, like lighting hitting. A smile spread on his face, reaching from cheek to cheek. “Look at you,”, he breathed out in amazement. Cas wore a midnight blue suit. The material was also sheen, so that’s why Sam insisted on that suit. Dean’s eyes wandered over Cas, lingering on the expensive-looking, silver-ish tie and the subtle silver cufflinks. Cas, too, wore an embroidered vest beneath his jacket, just as Dean. He was sure Sam, Claire and Jack had left nothing to chance. Dean chuckled to himself. “When Jody or Claire finds out you’re here, Cas, you’re done.”, his eyes were warm and only now they noticed what Cas was holding. “What do you want with them?”, Dean asked, confused again. “I-”, Cas started, breathing in. “It has come to my attention that people get cold feet on their wedding day.”, he held the socks out to Dean, whose face brightened with realisation. “You brought me socks?”, Dean said emphasising each word. “Um, yes.”, Cas suddenly felt uncomfortable. Dean started laughing, his deep laugh, that rippled through his whole body. He bent forward, seeking support on his knees, tears in his eyes. “Did I do something silly?”, Cas asked, embarrassed. “No!”, Dean exhaled, trying to catch his breath. “No, love, you did not.”, he took the socks out of Cas’ hands and with his other hand he took Cas’ wrist, pulling him close. “I love you.”, Dean said quietly, their face inches apart. Relieve washed over Cas’ face. He never knew with humans. “Ok”, he breathed out. Then he kissed Dean, long and with his whole being. “I love you, too.” They stood in their embrace, foreheads touching, the socks squished between them. Dean couldn’t stop smiling. All his worry had ebbed away and there was only Cas. “Thank you.”, Dean whispered. “I don’t want you to catch a cold.”, Cas answered earnestly, and Dean’s smile grew wider. “Jeez, Cas. I don’t know how, but I love you even more than this morning. Now, come inside, or someone will see that you broke the holy law of two grooms not seeing each other before the ceremony. Which is as old as same-sex marriage in America.”, he laughed, shoulders vibrating. Cas knew he didn’t get the joke, he rarely did. But he loved to see Dean smile. Claire had told him that he wasn’t allowed to see Dean, but he just couldn’t help himself. He was so scared and worried, but just being next to Dean made him more at ease. Dean looked left and right, making sure no one was near and then closed the door. Cas sat down on the bed, bouncing on it a bit, trying not to crinkle his suit too much. “So”, Dean smiled like a lion, examine Cas, “What now?”. “What do you mean?”, Cas asked and tilted his head to the side, looking up at Dean with big innocent eyes. “Well, you shouldn’t be here, I shouldn’t be here with you, but we are, and I think we should make that count, hm?”, he said slyly. The penny dropped and Cas caught Dean’s thought process. “Oh”, he just said, already feeling the heat in his stomach cumulating and making its way further down. “Oh”, Cas repeated. Dean walked to the bed, crouching down in front of Cas, not giving a rat’s ass if his suit would wrinkle or not. He took Cas’ face in both of his hands and kissed him, sucking on his lower lip, the feverish, hot fervour flowing through his veins. With a wet sound, they parted their lips. “I don’t know if we’re allowed”, Cas started, but Dean didn’t let him finish. He pressed their mouths together again, releasing a thousand butterflies in his stomach. “Who says we’re not allowed?”, Dean laughed. “Society? Tradition?”, he shrugged. “Since when did we do what we were told was right?”, a boyish grin graced Dean’s features. There was something magic about Dean when he smiled, Cas thought. You could forget everything around you, where you came from and what you were supposed to do. You would look at that smile and forget heaven and earth. Cas remembered when he first saw Dean smile. He was lost then, and he was lost now, but in this he found freedom. Dean leaned forward again and kissed him. “So, what do you think? Should we break all rules and make up new ones as we go?” Cas smiled at those words and pulled Dean on top off him. “I think we should do what we do best.” The bed was small and uncomfortable, so Dean pulled Cas upward and led him to the corner of the room where a small desk stood. “Trousers”, he just said as he went to close the blinds. Cas obliged, he took them off and folded them neatly over the chair that stood next to him. He didn’t want his new suit to wrinkle. Dean came back up to him and unbuckled his belt, letting his trousers fall down. He marvelled at Cas, half-naked and beautiful.
They took their pizza and settled on the couch again. Cas only had a piece, while Dean ate almost the whole pie. Pushing the plate a bit further back on the table in front of them, Dean spread himself out on the couch and pulled Cas on his lap, his stomach to Cas’ back. He curled his arms around him and turned up the volume of the TV. Cas sank into Dean, aware of every bone and muscle in his body. He felt Dean behind him, felt Dean’s hand lazily caressing his arm, long fingers tracing over the fabric of his suit. “Can you take that off?”, Dean asked suddenly. “What?”, Cas asked irritated. “The jacket.”, Dean murmured, and Cas shimmied out of his jacket, letting it fall carelessly on the floor in front of them. Dean rolled up the sleeve of Cas’ shirt and started to stroke over the soft skin on his arm. Cas blushed and turned his head towards the television. He wasn’t used to this kind of attention. Another episode of Dr Sexy M.D. flickered over the screen, the title music rolling. Dean hummed along with it. Cas tried to follow the plot, but the feeling of Dean’s fingers on his body was too distracting. It was in the middle of the episode another feeling joined the fingers on Cas’ arms. Lips graced his neck and skin tingled were hot breath floated over it. Dean started kissing the exposed skin above Cas’ collar, his nose touching Cas’ jawline ever so lightly. His whole body felt on fire all of a sudden. Dean’s other hand came up and skilfully unbuttoned the first few buttons of Cas’ shirt, exposing more skin underneath. Unable to do anything else, Cas pressed into Dean, hungry for the touch of his lips and the rest of his body. He felt Dean smile against his neck. Then the kisses became bolder, stickier, lingering. Cas moaned. He shifted slightly to give Dean more space to touch him and Dean didn’t wait a second longer. He turned Cas around, one arm around his waist, the other on his hipbone, pressing Cas down. His lips moved from Cas’ neck to his chin and then further up to the corner of his mouth. He took his time and it almost drove Cas insane. “Dean”, he moaned, pleading. He heard him chuckle, then Dean’s lips were on his again, sucking, breathing into him. A firework started in Cas’ inside, sending jolts through his body. He never felt like that before. Desperate for touch he gripped Dean’s shoulder, holding onto him as they moved slowly. Their movement became more erratic, thrusting into each other, hands moving up and down. For a second Dean stopped, he was on top of Cas, looking down and staring in his blue eyes. Tentatively he let his body drop down onto Cas, bringing their mouths together again. It felt right. Cas let out soft moans, whimpering under Dean’s touch, which made Dean lose his mind. He pushed a leg between Cas’ legs and pressed it against him. Cas gasped and then moved with him. Fervently, Cas started to pull Dean’s flannel off his shoulders. He couldn’t stay like this for longer, he needed to touch Dean. Now.
A warmth spreads through Dean’s body and he can feel Cas’ grip tighten around his hand as the girl explains what they had done.
Cas and he had been going steady for a few months now and everyone expected a proposal anyways. Claire insult-joked about it, Kaia made googly eyes whenever they stumble upon marriage advertisement and Jack just kept looking from Dean to Cas in dangerously fast movements whenever the topic was as much as mentioned.
As they get up to make their way down the hill and to the impala, they hear snickering.
Cas couldn’t help himself, so he decided to check on Claire and Jack for a fourth time today. He was well on his way to the inside of the chapel when Jody crossed his path. “What are you doing here?”, she eyed him suspiciously. “I was just check-”, Cas started to explain but Jody shook her head. “No, the kids are fine. Go to your room Cas.”, Jody ushered him back from where he came from and accompanied him back to his dressing room. “Don’t worry”, she said an encouraging smile on her lips. She walked fast; she probably had been on her way somewhere but felt the duty to make sure the groom was not going crazy. “Everything is going a-ok and in not even an hour you two will be happy as can be.” She paused in front of the door and turned to Cas, who had a frown on his head, helpless eyes searching her face. “Believe me, Cas.”, she said confidently, her brown eyes beaming. “Just try to relax. Dean won’t get cold feet, I’m sure of it.”, she winked and opened the door, waiting for him to go inside. “Yes, you’re right.”, Cas didn’t sound convinced. “Should I ask Donna to keep you company?”, she offered. “No, no it’s fine. I’m fine.”, Cas tried to smile, but he was sure it looked more like a grimace than a smile. “Okay.”, and with that Jody had closed the door and was on her way again.
“Why not? It’s June, after all. And the people in town will survive a rainbow on a man’s chest.”
He opens his palm and produces the little silver ring he had carried for the last twenty years. As a reminder, as a promise to be true. To find what makes him happy and go for it. Unashamed and free.
himself. “Did you sleep again?”, Sam asked, and Cas shook his head. “We should talk with Jack when we are back. Just to check if they feel something unusual.”, Sam proposed and handed them plates to help themselves at the buffet. “Yeah, you are probably right.”, Cas answered earnest. It was the right action, he thought. But Jack had already tried to feel into him, to sense if anything was off and didn’t find anything. “Look, Dean, they have pie”, Sam nudged Dean, who was the epitome of morning grumpiness, but at those words, his face lit up and he leapt off his seat. “Cas! Pie!”, and with that, he was gone. Shaking his head in admiration, Cas followed and put some of the eggs and bacon on his plate. He didn’t feel as hungry as yesterday, but it would look odd if he didn’t eat anything and he decided to try some of the food Dean liked. Just to see how it tasted. They settled for a hike after breakfast and made their way into the wildlife of Vermont, which wasn’t very wild after all. Noon came and went, and they soon found themselves back at the B&B. “See you guys tonight!”, Sam and Eileen waved to them. Dean liked spending time with Eileen and Sam, but he was looking forward to spending some alone time with Cas. Tomorrow they would be at that weird cider farm (
on his phone to not disturb Dean, but after a few episodes, he had crawled back under the covers, missing the warmth of his human. “Good morning, love”, Cas turned around to face his beautiful boyfriend. Dean’s eyes were tiny and still swollen from sleep, his face was pink from the warmth of the bed. “Good morning, sweetheart”, he grovelled, voice scratchy from the first words of the day. Cas leaned forward and caught Dean’s lips with his own, forcing them to part with his tongue. Defenceless, Dean’s hands searched for a hold on Cas’ waistband, pulling him close. Heat build between them, tinted with the sloppy movements of lovers’ mouths in the morning. Cas’ hands ran up Dean’s body beneath his shirt, fingers tingling with the sensation of skin on skin. Carefully, but with determination, Dean flipped Cas on his back, sinking deeper into him, letting his weight softly push Cas into the sheets. Cas moaned in approval, tangling his leg around Dean’s waist. He noticed how the other grew more awake by the intensity of his movements. Thick lips moved across his face, wet and warm. Licking over his mouth and breaking through the heavenly gate. Cas sucked at Dean’s lower lip, playfully biting it. The sheets in disarray around them, twisting and turning with their every move. Slowly pulling away, Dean kissed Cas nose and then pressed his lips against Cas’ forehead, eyes closed, bathing in the moment. “Good morning.”, he repeated and snuggled his face against Cas’ cheek, unable to part from the touch. “Did you sleep?”, he asked, and Cas shook his head, stubble rubbing against stubble. “We are supposed to meet your brother and Eileen for breakfast.”, Cas hummed. “Is that so?”, Dean teased. “Yes, in about half an hour.” “I think you don’t remember that correctly”, Dean stroked his thumb over Castiel’s cheek. “My memory is impeccable”, Cas countered, but Dean shook his head. “Maybe it was, my friend, but now that you're getting more human by the minute-”, he started but Cas pushed him away laughing. “Unbelievable!”, he exclaimed, faking indignation. Dean rolled on his back, laughing heartily. Cas seized the moment and jumped on top of him, stealing a kiss. “Come on, we already let your brother wait yesterday.”, Cas smiled at him, drowned in sunshine and white sheets, a perfect moment. “Ok, ok”, Dean conceded, putting his hands up in mock-defeat. After a shower and fresh clothes, both of them descended downstairs and into the dining room, that was mostly empty. Of course, Sam and Eileen were already sitting at a table, four cups of coffees on the table and two full plates in front of them. The glowing image of health and perkiness. Dean almost rolled his eyes. Cas’ fingers, entangled with Dean’s, tucked him forwards.
“Humans are so creative”, Cas whispers under his breath, his lips curved in the slightest of smiles and eyes sparkling.
“You know”, he starts because this was the part he didn’t think about. What to say exactly. Dammit.
, he thought, this was his life and he was living it, what a lucky bastard he was. Cas and Dean moved in perfect unison. Rolling and ebbing with the moans and the groans of the other. Dean felt hot and unable to form another thought, he just kept thrusting into Cas. He felt whole. He never felt that way and he never had that with anyone else. But in the end, Cas had been with him through everything, through the good and the bad and the ugly. They have known each other for what? Twelve years? They saw the best and the worst of each other and they still stuck
They squeeze their plush companions next to themselves and the wheel stars moving up with a jerk. Slowly lifting them higher and higher until they can see the entire fair from above, tiny huts and stands like colourful sprinkles in an ocean of the night.
“Thank you. Oh, and one little thing”, Basir said just as Dean turned to walk out.
All the sleepiness that had crept into their bones over the course of the day was suddenly forgotten as they entered their room. Dean hadn’t even closed the door when Cas was already tearing at his clothes, lips searching for their counterparts in the dark. “Easy, tiger”, Dean huffed locking the door and dropping the keys on the sideboard next to him. The metal landed loudly in the porcelain bowl, a clank piercing through the quiet night. Heat was pooling in Dean’s stomach and he could hardly control his body twitching and the rapid movements of his hands as he turned to face Cas. Longing eyes bored through the dark, electrifying the air around them. Restless hands wandered over dark silhouettes, feverishly tracing each nick and nip of the other’s body. No longer able to withhold his lust, Cas caught Dean’s mouth in a wet and hungry kiss. Licking over the slightly chapped lips of his spouse, sucking at the bottom one just the tiniest bit longer until he heard Dean groan into him. Hot air filled his lungs and all thought has left his consciousness. Consumed with the sensation of Dean’s mouth on his, Castiel’s hands settled on his hips, pressing his fingers into his flesh. He felt Dean growing more erratic, his hips convoluting towards him and shaking with the attempt to restrain himself. Dean cupped Cas’ face, keeping him steady between his palms. Thumbs brushing over his cheeks, leaving no space to break away. He wanted him, all of him, now, and Cas felt it. Stumbling and panting heavily, they made their way towards the bed, moving as one. Dean’s hands never leaving Castiel’s face. Only when Cas’ calves hit the wooden frame did Dean let go to guide them safely onto the mattress. Their kisses were still long and sloppy, dragging out and out until Dean needed to catch air. Cas laid flat on his back, his legs dangling off the bed. Pressed flushed onto him, Dean let his hands travel the length of Cas’ arms. They should’ve undressed before lying down. Tearing himself off his angel he shook out of his own jacket and threw it on the floor. Cas caught his train of thought and shifted to wiggle out of his jacket as well. It crumbled beneath him; he didn’t care to put it aside. Dean was about to haul himself out of his shirt as well when Cas stopped him with swift hands. “No,”, his voice was raw and laced with desire. He sat up straighter making Dean straddle him in the process. His hands settled on Dean’s thighs for a moment. They were fleshy but firm beneath the fabric. Now that his eyes were accustomed to the dark his gaze lingered on Dean on his lap who stared at him, eyes wide with longing. Slowly he lifted his hands and started unbuttoning the shirt, maintaining as much body contact as possible. Dean’s eyes fell to determined hands moving over his shirt, popping each button free. He swallowed thickly, everything seemed to turn him on right now. As Cas reached the last one, his pressed his fingers into Dean’s abdomen and he caught his mouth again in a kiss. He could make that last forever. Peeling out of his shirt, Dean didn’t break the kiss and as soon as his hands were free, they landed on Cas’ face again, pressing their mouths so close together it almost hurt. With the kiss, the grinding returned, and Dean unashamedly trusted into Cas’ lap moving in slow but pronounced motions. Cas hitched underneath him, clutching at his hips and digging blunt fingernails into the white singlet that Dean was still wearing. Tiny soft moans broke free from their lips as Dean’s movement grew faster. “Dean”, Cas breathed into his mouth, hardly able to form a word. “We still…need to”, he tugged at Dean’s singlet, hoping that the gesture translated his thought. Dean nodded against his face, his eyes were still closed, fingers still pressed against his cheeks. Cas pulled up the singlet, parting their lips to haul it over Dean’s head and then Dean’s fingers pulled at the buttons on Cas’ shirt, impatiently tearing the fabric on each side, ripping it open. Rough fingers hoisted the shirt and the singlet underneath over Cas’ head in one messy motion. Finally, free from too many layers separating them, Cas flung his arms around Dean’s neck and the other must have felt likewise because Dean pressed Castiel back down, chest to chest. As Dean moved on top of him, Castiel could tell he was half-hard already, his cock twitching on his thigh. Panting against him, Dean’s hands found Cas’ wrists and pinned his arms above his head, constantly grinding into him. Cas felt his own cock swelling in his pants, stretching against his briefs and precum gathering at his tip. The fraction of Dean’s crotch against his was mind-numbing. When their cocks touched through the fabric it sent jolts of need through Castiel and he wanted to beg Dean to undress further, to tear those pants off him.
A few days ago, he had dug out the box with his old stuff, pictures and old cinema tickets squeezed between other tokens of his youth and there, sitting in a little satchel was his ring. Still shining and as good as new.
Next to him, Dean spreads out, feigning casualness and propping himself up on his elbows on each side. The lights start with thunder and howling and even from the detached position they choose you could hear the crowd cheer.
Cas joins Dean on every ride, soldiers on even though the fast ones make him press up against Dean’s side and burying his face in his shoulder until it’s over. They eat corndogs and too much popcorn. Dean shoots Cas a tiny lama and Cas scores the highest on one stand, resulting in Dean leaving with a giant Buzz Lightyear (score much?!) and a whimsical pink care-bear that he will cherish for the rest of his life because Cas blushed when he chose it for him.
Breathing in deeply to brace himself, Dean reaches inside his pocket and closes his fingers around the cool metal. Time to fulfil the promise from all those years ago and make a new one. His neck feels hot, and it is hard to force oxygen into his lungs. Dean can feel his head spinning from adrenalin and needs to force himself to calm down. Only a smidge. Just to get the words out.
One of the girls snatches the phone from her girlfriend and comes up to them. Cas looks irritated but intrigued and Dean sports a frown that rivalled his spouse’s.
“Ah, that makes
It was more than a year ago now. After Jack had brought Cas back, things were easier in general. It was awkward at first. Cas had shifted from one foot to another, avoiding Dean’s look. Sam had just stared at both of them, unsure what was happening. Jack, being Jack, watched them sheepishly, unaware of the tension. Dean hadn’t said a word about what had happened in the bunker that night. What Cas had told him. The words were just for him, he had decided. They were his and no one else’s. Then, when Cas was back with them and after Sam had told him everything that had happened to Chuck and with Jack, he and Jack left, giving Dean and Cas space to talk alone.
“There is supposed to be fireworks later, wanna stay til then?”, Dean asks trying his best to sound casual and like a normal human being and not like the nervous wreck he internally is.
. “Quiet my angel.”, he whispered and squeezed Cas’ dick a bit more, just to drive him nuts. “Assbutt”, Cas’ moaned, angered by the teasing. “Mmh, yes, I will tend to your butt soon, not a bad idea”, and Cas wanted to scream. When Dean was pleased with the state of Cas’ cock, he slowly got him off the desk and turned him around. Cas’ breathed in sharply, the agony of anticipation growling deep within. Dean bit into his neck when Cas’ back was turned to him, trying to keep it together. Jeez, this man was a sight to behold, trembling with lust and flustered all over. Dean could barely concentrate. Carefully he placed two fingers in the mouth of his soon-to-be husband and let him lick them slick. Dripping with saliva he took them out and started to rub them around in circles on Cas’ rim. Cas bent over the desk, his head coming down to rest on his arms as if he was praying. Dean almost laughed. His legs spread wider, wanting Dean to come closer, to get to it faster. Dean’s finger felt rough against his inside and Cas loved it. He felt the heat, the longing in his groins. It just felt too good. Cas moaned, quiet soft moans, pressing himself onto Dean’s fingers, wanting them to fill him and go deeper. But there was only so far those fingers could go, and Cas wanted more, he needed more. “Dean”, he started with a pleading tone and Dean needed all of his strength not to give in. He knew it would be more satisfying for both of them if he drew it out a little longer. Cas moved in wavelike motions now, getting more heated by the second. Although Dean couldn’t see his face, he knew how Cas looked during sex. His face was a grimace of lust and impatience. His other hand, rested on Cas’ hip, keeping him steady.
“Maybe we should head home. Or into the forest.”
“Ready, love?”, the dark-haired angel yells as he puts on the new jacket that they got him. It’s a rough denim one with a few pride pins on the chest pocket. Dean loves it. Not as much as the tight jeans that accompany it, perfectly hugging Cas’ bubble butt and thighs. He had sighed when Cas took it with him in the changing cabin, complaining that Cas went full 00s Justin Timberlake with the denim on denim look but the words had died on his tongue as soon as Cas stood before him turning in his new clothes his usual wonderous expression on his face.
“Can I keep it on right away?”, the insecurity in his voice must have been obvious because Basir had thrown him another sympathetic smile and nodded.
.”, Dean jerked up in shock when he looked at the time. Cas’ stomach dropped. “What?”, he yelped. “Shit, shit, shit!”, Dean pulled up his trousers and threw Cas’ pair on the bed. With trembling hands, Cas got dressed. “Dean,”, Cas said wearily. “It's ok”, nobody came in screaming. We’re still ok.” Cas nodded and straightened his tie, Dean saw how askew it still was and walked up to him, putting it in place. This one was a mess. He patted Cas’ breast pocket, with the light pink flower in it. He paused for a second, marvelling at Cas. “You look perfect, babe.”, he said. They shared a kiss and Dean put his arms around Cas. “See you in a bit.”, Dean sad beaming at him. “Yes.”, Castiel said, shyly smiling, cheeks flushed, and hair tousled. How madly he loved him, it was almost unbearable. And through the door, he went.
And he is glad. Glad that he chose to live the life he wanted to live and nothing short of that.
, a tiny voice in his head said. He was utterly fucked, this man – angel – made him weak in more than one sense of the word. It was madness. Dean pulled Cas closer, his fingers tracing along his sides and over the sheen fabric of his suit. “You might want to lose that, too.”, there it was again, the mischief in his eyes. Cas took off his jacket, not parting his eyes from him for a second. Dean ran his fingers over the embroidery on the vest. “Pretty.”, he said and winked at his fiancé. Cas rolled his eyes, but his body was hot from longing for Dean’s touch. He leaned forward, eager to feel Dean, but Dean jerked his head back. “Ah-ah, not so fast. We want to enjoy this last premarital fuck, don’t we?”, he teased, and Cas made an indignant sound. “Patience, young padawan.”, Dean said softly and started to kiss Cas’ neck. Cas was turned on, of course, but he was also worried because the clock was ticking, and he didn’t want anyone searching for them. “Dean, the time-”, he started but Dean hushed him. “Don’t worry, love. We have time.”, he murmured and stroked over Cas’ back, still kissing his neck gently. Cas gave in and closed his eyes. There was no point in fighting this. Dean’s lips on his skin were something he would never not appreciate. “Mmh”, Dean hummed approving of Cas’ surrender. He loosened Cas’ tie and unbuttoned some of the buttons of his shirt. Kissing slowly down his neck and toward his collarbone. “My sweet, angel”, he huffed against Cas’ skin. “My sweet, beautiful angel.” Cas moaned at the words; Dean knew how to please him. Then Dean cupped Cas’ cock, which was already half-hard, stretching against his underwear. “Dean,”, Cas moaned. “Yes, yes, soon”, Dean soothed him. He rubbed against Cas’, getting him harder, which in turn made him hotter by the second. The moans grew louder, and Dean muffled them with his mouth. They couldn’t be loud today, well not
It’s the teenage couple from before.
Dinner was going smoothly, everyone being too hungry and tipsy to make grave speeches. That was until Sam finally got up, his cheeks flushed from the alcohol. Eileen looked at him, half-concerned and half-amused. “Hey, everyone! Listen.”, his words slurred at the end of the sentence and Dean immediately tensed up. Of course,
, Sam had started but was interrupted by Dean, who just looked annoyed. Why did people always think they were a couple? Jeez.
“Dean,”, Castiel’s voice was uneven and raw with emotion. His breath hitched and with an inelegant hand movement he took out a tiny piece of paper with dense letters and ink smears. “I have lived many millennia. I have seen the dawn of time and the rise and fall of hundreds of empires. I say I lived, but I merely existed when I think back of it now.”, Cas paused and looked at Dean, his eyes were piercing through him. Dean needed to understand this, he needed him to feel what Castiel felt. “I wandered earth because it was my duty and I did what I was supposed to do and then I met you. You turned my world upside down and nothing made sense anymore until everything made more sense than it ever did. Through you and through everything we’ve been through together, I learned what it meant to live. And I learned what it meant to love and today I can say without a doubt in my mind that I live, I live every second of every day and I love every second of every day. I never felt more sure of what life was supposed to be. You know all that because I already told you before.”, a small smile tugged at the corner of his mouth, the memory still clear as day. Dean’s eyes were glassy, and his hand twitched with the desire to reach out to Cas, to hold his hand. “But I wanted to say it in front of all of these people, again. I want to tell everyone that I am in love with the most caring and loving and kindest human being that I ever met. Most people think that I saved you in hell. The truth is, that when I first laid hand on you in hell,
“Thank you, Basir”, he had dared to throw the guy one of his trademark crooked grins he normally used on girls in a bar and the man had smiled back, effortlessly like it was the most natural thing to do. Perhaps it was.
“Whenever you are, sunshine”, he yelps, a little too high pitched and earns a side-eye from his boyfriend.
. Shit. “Ehm,”, he glanced at Cas who at this point had an expression of pure horror on his face. “Babe?”, he asked and touched his shoulder with ginger fingers. “Come on guys, its just a dance. You’ll be fine!”, Bess cheered them on, and a few voices chimed in, clapping and yelling words of encouragement. Dean got up, taking Castiel’s hand and leading him towards the dance floor. Sweating and too conscious of his stiff limbs he turned to Jack. “I don’t… I don’t know what song.”, Dean started but Jack just nodded and winked at him. “We have the perfect song!” A few moments of rumbling and clicking passed and then mellow guitar sounds echoed through the hall. Dean’s grip on Castiel’s waist tightened, he didn’t know the song, but it was slow and light. Maybe they could make it work somehow.
“Dean”, Cas says when they’re in front of the impala, behind them the fireworks are still lighting up the sky in all the colours of the rainbow.
Their lips swell from the action, and the noises grow wetter with each second. With shiny lips and pink cheeks, they part. One of Dean’s hands is wrapped around Cas’ thigh, blunt fingernails scraping at the rough fabric. His other hand is light on Cas’ back, tracing up and down.
at strangers who were beaming at them. Smiling and laughing, the crowd dispersed, some of them walked past, congratulating them, happy faces all around. The two moms from before, shot them affectionate glances as they pushed the stroller away. “We caused quite the scene.”, Dean muttered under his breath, flustered. Cas, drying the tears, that still hadn’t stopped flowing, laughed, he couldn’t care less. “Wait”, Dean stopped and turned Cas to face him. “I almost forgot”, he smiled and pulled the ring out of the box, letting the latter fall into his pocket. Still jittery, he took Cas’ hand, bringing it up between them and slipped the golden band over Cas’ finger. Marvelling at the shiny object, Cas stared at the diamonds and dainty setting. It was beautiful, the little stones that were arranged like rays of light, reaching outwards. Reaching towards the world. With a sharp breath, he parted his eyes from the treasure on his hand and looked up at Dean. “Thank you… it's beautiful.”, his blue eyes were almost weary with joy. “I’m glad you like it, I was close to going insane searching for the right one.”, Dean laughed, but the memory was still haunting him. “It is perfect.”, Cas teared up again and pressed his hand against the sockets of his eyes, trying to compose himself. “Good, you deserve perfect.”, Dean replied, sincerity lingering in every word. Cas leaned forward, snuggling against him, suddenly tired from all the emotion. “Could we sit down somewhere?”, he asked and peered up through long lashes. How could Dean deny him anything when he looked like that? “Sure, let's go get a coffee. Or something stronger.”, he mused. Cas linked his arm with Dean’s, feeling heavy and warm. Something had settled inside of him, a knowledge that he had never known before. It spread in his guts and he knew, Dean could feel it, too. He was loved like he never had been loved before and he loved Dean like he never loved someone before. Castiel had been alive for millions of years. He had seen how this world was built. Had seen the first sunrise and the first signs of life. Castiel had been alive for so long, but he had never felt, never loved so deeply than right now.
They did not move too much, Dean lead them in tiny circles, his cheek pressed to Castiel’s hair. He had closed his eyes, partly because he didn’t want to face the people making them do this crap, partly because he wanted to feel this moment more than anything else. Cas’ heartbeat against his own, Cas’ hand loosely playing with the hair in his neck, his scruffy jaw, warm and flushed against his neck. He never danced with anyone like this before, damn he barely ever danced in his life at all.
his face asked, and Dean just innocently shrugged with that askew smile on his lips that made Castiel want to strangle and kiss him at the same time. “I love you”, the hunter whispered, his eyes growing soft and Castiel couldn’t maintain his scolding look but flustered and smiled against his will: “I love you, too Dean.” The music had picked up again, playing a slowed-down version of “Time After Time” and Castiel remembered the song from one of the movies that Dean had made him watch. Interlacing their fingers, they finally turned to the crowd. No one was sitting anymore, some stood arm in arm, some clapping furiously, some wiping away tears. Charlie was yelling some obscene things that made the people around her buckle with laughter. Sam who had waited until now, took a step forward and pulled both of them into a close embrace with puffy cheeks and red-rimmed eyes. “Congratulations, guys.”, he murmured into the fabric of their suits, squeezing their bodies in a suffocating grip. “I’m really proud of you.”, he sniffled, Dean clumsily patted his back and Castiel managed a “Thank you, Sam.”, when Sam finally pulled back, letting them breathe. The room was filled with screams of best wishes and laughter. Claire only looked at them with red eyes and a small smile, nudging Dean on the shoulder with the words: “Congratulations, pops.” Dean beamed at her, not able to contain the joy and excitement that grew with every second, now that the scary part was over. Jack was the first one to run towards them, almost knocking them over as they rushed into a hug, wrapping their arms around them. “You did it”, they looked up at them with bright eyes. “Can you believe it?”, Dean asked winking and Cas could only look between the two, a warm smile blooming. More and more people came up to them and some started to throw flower petals. “My boys,”, Jody cried throwing her arms first around Dean before she turned to Cas, holding him at arms-length: “I could not wish for a better son-in-law than you, my love.” Showered with flowers, cheers and congratulations, Castiel and Dean waved, shook hands and hugged their way through the guests. “Good job, bitch!”, Charlie exclaimed as she hugged them both, “I told you, you were meant for each other, didn’t I?” In the distant Dean heard bottles of champagne popping and someone shrieking as the bubbles overflew. Next thing they knew, Alex pushed two glasses into Cas and Dean’s hands. “To the grooms!”, she yelled and there was a roar from the rest of the room. It all happened in a frenzy and soon two, three drinks were downed – always to the health and happiness of the newly wedded husbands of course. Tipsy from the champagne – to his defence he was not used to this bubbly stuff – and overwhelmed by all the people, Dean buried his face in Cas’ shoulder, tiny drunk happy-noises escaping his lips. “You ok?”, Cas asked worried and reached the arm that was not holding a full glass around him. “Mmh.”, Dean nodded into the fabric. “Just a lot of…
Now, Dean sits on the couch, nerves strung so tight he feels like he might snap. His fingers fidget with the metal band, warm to his touch. Cas wanted to go see the town’s fair tonight and it was like right out of one of those YA novels Jack had gotten into lately, so Dean took it as a sign. Only the thought of Cas’ face illuminated by the lampions and multicoloured fairy lights made his heart jump.
Cas had said one evening after they all had dinner together and Dean hadn’t been able to look Jack in the face the whole time. They had sat on the couch together, watching something he didn’t even remember because he hadn’t paid attention.
, he thought. He heard Dean grunting behind him as he sped up his pace. Then he felt Dean’s body press onto him, kissing the back of his neck and head. “I love you..”, he panted into Cas’ ear, “..so much.” Cas groaned. Usually, Dean would say the nastiest things and he was used to that. But when he said stuff like that, Cas just was undone.
He paid with crumpled dollars and a few coins he saved up from his honest workdays at the bar.
“Of course. Any style in particular?”
. Dean knew Cas like nobody else, and Cas knew Dean like nobody else and their bodies just knew each other without even so much as a practice run. When Dean fucked Cas it was more than that. It was more than a physical sensation, more than getting off. He felt so close to Cas. Moving with him, breathing into him, feeling Cas wrapped around him.
to the other couple and Eileen added
with a smile. “Let’s get you to bed.”, he said, planting a kiss on Dean’s cheek. The B&B was small and cosy, rose-wallpaper covered the walls on the staircase, winding up with the white varnished bannister. Dean immediately let himself fall onto the bed, burying his face in the soft sheets. “Dean, shoes.”, Cas reminded him, putting down their bags on the chair next to the door. He could only hear muffled noises, which he assumed was a
(the extended version of course), and he had blushed at that statement. When Cas had looked at him, a smile in his eyes and said those words, Dean fell in love with him even more. “We should get you something to wear then.”, Dean concluded. “Can’t go hiking in a suit.” So, it was decided, they would go, and Dean took Cas shopping that day. If he had to stay in a B’n’B he would at least get something out of it. And if that something was seeing his boyfriend try on oversized sweaters for an afternoon, he would gladly take it.
. Apologetically he looked up at Castiel, trying to convey
“Yeah, we’re pretty great polluting the environment for twenty minutes of big lights.”, Dean quips, and he hears Cas huff in a burst of choked laughter.
His heartbeat quickens when he realizes he must do it now if he wants to propose under the illuminated sky, and swallows. He can do this. This was a good thing. In fact, this was the best thing he ever had, and he was finally able to see and accept that.
, he thought.
Up in the air, legs dangling down, Dean tangles one foot around Cas’ ankle and laughs giddily to himself. This was the most surreal and yet the most real thing he had ever done.
The usual red, white and blue rockets are abandoned after a while and a more colourful display of shapes and figures are painted in the night sky. It rains in gold and pink and there is a distinct “Aah” echoing through the air.
“Um”, he remembers himself stuttering, “I actually was looking at your rings in the window and… well was wondering if I could… like try them on.”, he had felt the blush creeping up his neck and hated the way his gaze was flitting all over the place, unable to look the man in the eyes. For fucks sake, he wanted to shop for some rings and not hard-core porn, he had scolded himself. Although, shopping for porn would probably have been easier than this.
“Don’t you think this is a little too butch for me?”, his words fall from his lips and Dean just stares. Gobsmacked.
The night is young, and Dean waits a few moments to let Cas enjoy the spectacle without any interruption. He had nestled into Dean’s side, leaning against his left arm and mindlessly tracing his fingers over Dean’s exposed underarms.
. He could do it. He could hold it together for this long. The corridor was empty, dark shadows drawing figures on the floor; soft light creeping in through the huge, gothic windows. It was beautiful. Pacing, he turned on his heel and walked the length of the stone wall back from where he came from. The sandstone walls radiating a subtle heat, that they had soaked in from outside. His stomach clenched, unnaturally, sinking deeper.
Sam and Eileen had already finished their breakfast when Dean and Cas entered the diner. They walked by the little nooks and tables in the centre of the room and sat down opposite them. Eileen had a friendly smile on her lips, while Sam eyed them both suspiciously. Dean gave him an annoyed look and dramatically opened the menu holding it up so Sam could barely see his face. “It has the same options every damn motel in America has, Dean”, he started but Dean just grunted disapprovingly. After Dean had ordered and a steaming cup of coffee sat in front of him, he relaxed. “Gotta have time for breakfast, Sammy. Most important meal of the day”, he winked mockingly, and Sam wanted to counter but Eileen lay a hand on his arm, signing him to give Dean a break.
Dean had to throw him off the scent pretending to teach Jack how to repair the car and Cas had given up, pleased that Dean wanted to spend time with Jack, but still visibly soured. They must have been to at least nine different jewellery shops. Hours went by and Dean grew frustrated. Why was this so fricking hard? “It's pointless.”, he exclaimed, rubbing his hand over his mouth. Jack put a hand on his shoulder, trying to comfort him. “We can try out one last one and if nothing stands out to us, we just try another time.”, a supportive smile on their face. Dean felt helpless, if he couldn’t even find a stupid ring, how was he supposed to be ready for marriage? “Yeah, let’s go?”, Dean sighed, resignation settling in. They walked up the main street. It was crowded and bright. Dean hated it. Jack pulled him in an alleyway, they knew there had been an antique store nearby. In one of their online searches, Claire and them had written down the address a couple of weeks ago. “This way”, they exclaimed confidently.
? But Dean didn’t pay him any attention. His eyes were fixed Castiel. Blues eyes met green eyes over the plate and Dean felt so full of love, his heart might have given out on him right there and then. No one said another word, Dean paid, and they left for the car.
“We noticed, um, that you proposed and, well, me and Mel thought it was just so cute with the fireworks and everything”, the girl is blushing profusely and tapping her foot on the ground. “Well, they thought it was a good idea to take some pictures because it would have been a shame that you didn’t have any pictures of that moment. And we totally delete them from our phones. But in case you want them, I can transfer them via Bluetooth to you.”, she ends, her face a solid scarlet and looks up at them.
, Jack thought. “Can… can I sit?”, they asked hesitantly. Cas smiled bright lights in his eyes. “Yes, please.”, he looked at his kid, his heart full. Dean grunted in agreement and Jack couldn’t suppress a relieved smile. Together, they sat and watched the cartoon dog eat sandwiches twice his size and unravel mysteries.
“I love you, too. Cas”, he hums, pressing his lips against the corner of Cas’ mouth and breathing in the clean and fresh smell of Cas’ skin.
is. But as far as I am concerned, you look damn fine in the morning after your beauty sleep.”, Dean nudged him to take the edge off, but only earned a piercing look from his boyfriend. In all honesty, Dean was a bit freaked out. He had been freaked out by Cas’ changing powers for months now. But he seemed alright. “Do you feel ok? Don’t lie to me, Cas. Tell me the truth.”, Dean prompted with a serious face. Cas nodded slowly, obviously thinking about the question. “Yes. I feel, good. I feel great. Last night after we were…
“Almost as beautiful as my view”, he whispers with a smile and Cas looks up to catch him watching him tentatively. He knows it’s a cheap line, but the angel blushes so sweetly in the dark and Dean leans over to close the distance and kiss the shyness from his face. It does the trick. Soft lips return his kiss with little pecks, biting loosely at his lower lip until it's plump and red. One hand had snuck up on Dean’s neck and Cas gingerly strokes the hair on his neck that is the longest it’s ever been. He likes it better this way. It's softer, too.
, he thought and let his tongue clack. They were almost married, it shot through his head and he thrust into Cas.
“Do you want to marry me, Cas?”
, he thought.
“Anything you like?”, he asked, and Dean stared at the selection of rings on the countertop, shrugging.
It had been a promise to a stranger.
“Mhm?”
. Soon he found himself pacing the room. His hand went up to his breast pocket, where Sam had put the little flower. His stomach felt empty, even though Eileen had made him have some breakfast. A knock on the door yanked him out of his thoughts. “Dean?”, he heard Cas’ voice. His heart skipped a beat.
“Dean,”, Cas had started, that scratchy, husk voice full of fear and guilt. But Dean made a gesture telling him to stop talking. His eyes had drifted over the floor, looking at something only he could see. What felt like an eternity to them both, Dean had looked up and looked directly into those eyes, eyes as blue as the sky. “I am sorry, Cas.”, his voice was little more than a whisper. “I am sorry, for that night. I didn’t know what to say and I was so scared,”, his voice was shaking. “You don’t have to be sorry, D-”, Cas started but Dean shook his head rapidly. “No, let me talk.”, he swallowed hard. He had to do this. His hands had been shaking, and his head felt dizzy. “I am sorry. For that night. But also, for the nights before that. I-”, he stopped again. “I felt confused for a long time. I was insecure. I was hurt by – I don’t know, by life?”, his gaze wandered through the room again. He brought one hand to his mouth and rubbed his lips. “I never thought, that, that you could feel… the way I”, tears had gathered in his eyes as he finally looked up at Cas again. The angel looked at him in disbelief. His eyes were wide, mouth slightly open. “I am sorry Cas, but ever since Purgatory”, Dean’s voice went weak. He breathed in unsteadily, his hand went up and to the back of his head, a self-soothing motion. “I never thought you could love me back.”, he finally said and looked up again, into those eyes he thought he would never see again. “I love you, Cas.”, the words tumbled out of his mouth. “I loved you for a long time, even though I tried not to.” He made a step towards Cas, who still stood motionless, shell-shocked. “Don’t think I am something you can’t have, because you already got me.”, he pulled the man he loved close to him, wrapping his arms around him tightly. For a moment Cas froze, but then his arms came up and wrapped around Dean so effortlessly, like the wind wrapped around the trees. Dean nestled his face in the crook between Cas’ neck and shoulder, breathing in deeply. His legs were shaking, and he feared they might give out. But it felt so good to finally say those words, that had lingered on his tongue for so long. “I love you”, he whispered into Cas’ trench coat. Cas gripped him tighter and let his head sink onto his shoulder. He couldn’t speak, he couldn’t say a word, because in his head only three words echoed, filling his whole being with the meaning. He was saved. Minutes passed; both couldn’t say for how long they stood in that embrace. Comfortable with the knowledge of being loved. The truth was out. Dean pulled back to get a look of Cas’ face. This glorious face. He breathed in sharply. How beautiful he looked. “I am glad you told me, Cas.”, he said, a small smile tucking on his lips. Cas smiled flustered. Neither of them knew what to do next, so Dean took another step back, keeping Cas at arm’s length and inspected him thoroughly. “So, you feelin’ alright?”, he asked. Cas nodded and laughed. “Yes, Jack dragged me out in one piece.”, his arms spreading wide as he did so often, only restricted by Dean’s firm grip. “Good.”, Dean nodded. “Want a beer or somethin’?”, he asked unsure how to proceed. You tell your best friend, that he is the love of your life and then what? Cas nodded, still smiling. “That would be nice, Dean.” Silently they had sat on the couch together, drinking beer and watching TV. Happy in just being.
, Castiel thought. His hands reached up behind Dean, holding onto the hunter. With a sucking noise, they parted lips. Cas didn’t leave Dean much time to breathe but pulled Dean close again. The kissing turned more vigorously; a plan had formed in Cas’ mind. He moved against Dean, pushing him towards the bed. Dean had no chance to smile or even think, his head went empty and he just grinded with Cas, desire licking his insides like flames. Jesus, this angel made him go wild. With a muffled noise, Cas pushed Dean onto the bed. Dean was a mess, panting and flushed all over. His cock was already half-erect, twitching in his pants. Cas forcefully pulled down Dean’s jeans and his pants in one move. The clunk of the belt echoed through the room. Dropping down in front of him unceremoniously, to not waste any time, Cas got to work. “Ca-.”, Dean tried to pull him on top on himself, but Cas would not let him drag this out and be grumpy in the morning. “Tomorrow”; he promised and pushed Dean back flat onto the bed. Without giving Dean a chance to interrupt again, he bent forward and caught Dean’s pulsating dick in his mouth. Dean let out a stifled moan, his right hand gripping the bedsheet. Cas felt Dean move underneath him, jerking with lust. His right hand felt its way towards, finding Dean’s and entangling their fingers. The other kept Dean’s cock steady, pushing himself deep onto him. Both of them drowned in their feverish desires, Dean lost in the wet heat that wrapped around him and moved so devilishly up and down, letting him forget his own name. “Jesus, Cas. Yes.”, he huffed, his breath was shaking, and his eyes rolled back as he felt himself on the edge of orgasm. Cas, this sneaky little bastard, had played him. He would come and fall asleep in an instant. It would’ve been a lie if Cas said, he only went down on Dean to get him to bed faster. No, he was just as aroused and needy, and the feeling of Dean inside his mouth and moving underneath him was electrifying.  Dean’s hand let go of the bedsheet he had held onto and pushed into Cas’ hair, playing with the black, tousled locks. “Yes, babe, please. Don’t stop. Mhm, don’t-”, he gasped, voice low and raw. Cas felt Dean was about to come, he could tell by the way his breathing changed, by the little huffs and sharp breaths. How his hand twitched in his own. Shutting his eyes closed, almost painfully, Dean concentrated on the feeling of Cas’ mouth around his cock. The tongue that slid up and down his vein. He was so close. “Babe,”, pressed out, he couldn’t help himself. As if following a command, Cas increased the pressure and tried to go down further, feeling the tip of Dean’s dick in his throat. He still hadn’t got the hang of that, fully. But Dean didn’t seem to mind, he yelped and hissed under his breath. “Babe, yes. Please, please”, his whole body shook with anticipation, he needed to come, his whole body hurt, compressed in desire. “Cas!”, he gasped as he came and his back arched in sweet release. For a moment he was just lying, his chest heaving. Shaking he brought his free hand up to his eyes, blocking out the light and trying to cool down. Cas sat up, wiping his mouth and pushing his hair out of his eyes. His head felt strange, dizzy and heavy and it was hard to keep his eyes open. He saw Dean still trembling from coming and got up to lie down next to him. His beautiful human had put his hand over his face, Cas knew the move. Quietly, he curled up next to Dean and put a hand on his chest. Dean grabbed it and pressed it firmer to his heart. “Jesus, Cas.”, Dean’s drawled, his voice already thick with sleep. “Shh”, Cas hushed and kissed his temple, rubbing his nose against Dean. “Sleep now.” Dean nodded, too tired to say anything else. Dean shook off his jeans and hurled his legs onto the bed. They curled up and Cas lazily took the blanket they had pushed aside to cover them both. The heaviness that Cas had felt in his head, spread into his body and as he lied down next to Dean and wrapped his arms around him. Finally, he gave in and let it carry him away. He felt Dean’s fingers twirl around his and then he fell asleep.
This was when it hit him, in front of the sink, bubbles floating and popping at the metal shelves. His old ring. The thing he had to take off every time he did the dishes because he wanted to keep it without a scratch. Because it was the only thing that was truly
Cas helps Dean up and they pat down the dust and soil from their jeans and absolutely don’t use it as an excuse to touch each other again.
“You seemed to be fond of this one”, Basir held up a silver band with a teardrop-shaped turquoise. Carefully, Dean took it between the pads of his fingers, turning it in the fluorescent light.
Only a few casualties were accounted for that day. Charlie, drunk on the amount of beer twice her weight, had been up on the bar top, re-enacting her favourite
Slowly, their little family felt whole again. Even better, it had grown. Eileen had practically moved in, even though she also kept her flat to stay a bit more independent. But Sam loved that about her, she was unapologetically herself. On weekends they often left and travelled to some bed and breakfasts around the country. Or they went hunting together.  Jack loved Eileen, they would talk for hours sometimes and Jack cherished every second of that. Although Bobby only drove by on occasion, checking in with them and cracking some beers, he would call them every week. Claire and Kaia visited often, too. Sometimes they would drag Jody and Donna with them, who were usually busy with hunting and renovating their new home. Donna had moved in a couple of months ago and everyone was waiting for a proposal soon. Claire and Jack would spend their time looking up venues and writing down ideas, giddy as children. The terrors of the past started to heal, and one by one they felt more at ease and began to trust that this was life from now on. Merry days and joyful nights. Game night, once a month and a huge dinner on holidays were all of them, would gather, even Charlie and her girlfriend. After all these years of sorrow and grief, of questioning, if they deserved a life that knew no pain, they finally arrived at the conclusion: life could be good, no catch, no strings attached. Just a normal, happy life. Well, as normal as a life of hunting monsters could be. But they made it work.
Naturally, Dean would only reply to all of this with a grunt and snarky comment about how marriage was a tax scam designed to keep people in a financial chokehold. But in reality, his heart fluttered every time they passed a window offering engagement rings or an advertisement promoting wedding venues. He would lie awake after Cas and he had gone to bed, watching his not-so-much-angel angel sleep, chest slowly rising and falling, one arm around his middle. Imagining standing at the end of the aisle, seeing him all tuxed-up and blushing. He would map out their honeymoon in his mind while preparing food and wonder how much booze Cas could handle in his new state, or how much Sam would cry at the ceremony.
“Wanna watch something else?”, Dean asked in and advert break. “No, it’s fine.”, Cas replied too content with himself. “Okay. But I could eat.” Cas heard himself groan, he didn’t want to move, he didn’t want to miss Dean’s warmth beside him, not even for a couple of minutes. Dean raised an eyebrow and shot him a look: “What?”. “Nothing,”, Cas replied embarrassed by his neediness. Dean smirked like a lion watching his prey. “You miss me already?”, he teased and Cas blushed. “No.”, he said shakily. “Well, you can come and help me cook, if you need my so desperately.”, he chuckled, and Cas wanted to vanish into thin air. “What do you want to eat?”, he asked to distract Dean. “I think we still have some pizza in the freezer.”, he said shrugging. He didn’t feel like cooking, he planned to be as quickly back on that couch as he could, even if he would never admit to that. Cas followed Dean into the kitchen and watched him take out the pizza and popping it into the oven, then turning on the heat, his back to him. Cas didn’t know what came over him, but he suddenly found himself behind Dean, wrapping his arms around Dean’s waist and pressing himself against him. Warmth greeting him and the distinct smell of Dean’s skin. It smelled so oddly familiar. Dean had frozen for a moment but then eased into the hug, leaning lightly against Cas. He put his head into his neck and closed his eyes, trying to take everything in. “Hey,”, he said softly and turned around. He held Cas in his arms, then he bent his head forward and placed his lips on Cas’ head, kissing the crown of his head. “Hey”, he whispered against the strands of black, tousled hair. Cas slowly looked up and blue eyes met green. Hesitantly, Cas reached a hand up to the back of Dean’s head, his chest felt tight. Dean felt his stomach drop and excitement spread in his body. Achingly slow, Cas moved his face closer to Dean’s, whose eyes were fluttering shut. Cas felt like his heart wanted to beat out of his chest and he feared that Dean could feel it since their bodies were flushed together so tightly. His eyes were only open a smidge and then he felt warm breath on his lips. His stomach fluttered. Cas closed the distant, Dean patiently waiting for him. Their lips touched, only softly at first but with every move, they grew more confident and the kiss grew more passionate. Hot air was exchanged between the two of them, lips wet and red. The rush made Cas cling closer to Dean, gripping his shirt and pressing against him even tighter. Dean’s hands moved over Cas’ body, feeling, searching, letting no inch of his angel untouched. Cas’ head started spinning as he felt Dean’s tongue licking over his lips and breaking into his mouth. The hand that was behind Dean’s head, slid onto his face, fingers tracing over the stubble on Dean’s cheek and chin. Every now and then Cas broke free to breath and Dean gave him only a second before he demanded his mouth back on his face. Like teenagers, they stood in the kitchen, panting, dizzy and unable to stop themselves. A beeping noise pierced through the air, as the alarm for their pizza went off. Dean considered to just let it bleep, but then the real danger of ending their make-out session because of a fire hit him. How would he explain that to Sam? “The pizza,” Cas breathed heavily. “I know”, Dean said a finger tracing along the small of Cas’ back. “I got it.” Cas took a step back, his head still spinning. Dean took out the pizza and placed it on the counter. He turned around and reached for Cas’ hand, pulling him close again. “Wanna take that to the couch?”, mischief sparkled in his eyes.
“Angel’s chest”, Dean corrects him with a wink and a smirk and Cas rolls his eyes exaggeratedly.
The collection was vast, and Dean tried on at least three-fourths of it. Some had weird little engravings on them. Some had tribal work printed on them with cheap black paint. Some incorporated turquoises stones (which Dean found himself try on again and again) and others were simple silver bands.
7 minutes to go.
was all him. He knew it was a bit childish, still, he thought of his rings and necklaces with a fond heart.
Cas cleaned up and he and Dean laid on the bed, spooning. Dean played with Cas’ fingers, holding them into the sunlight. His nose in Cas’ hair, breathing in slowly. Jeez, Cas smelled good. Especially after sex. He still wondered how he deserved to be this happy. He nuzzled his face closer to his fiancé. This was simply perfection. Cas’ eyes were closed, he listened to Dean’s breath, feeling his chest move up and down. “We could just stay here.”, Cas whispered. “Forever. Just lie like this.” “Mmh.”, Dean hummed. “Bed is a bit small.” Cas chuckled. “And I would rather not have Jody on my bad side. She put her all in this. She and Donna and Claire and Jack.”, his voice was warm and soft. Cas leaned back into Dean. “You’re right.” Dean perked up. “Well, that’s a first.”, he laughed. “You have your moments.”, Cas admitted both giggling.
Cas just straightens his back, still looking at the lights in the sky with wonder.
Cas eyes wander down and stick to the metal band in his lover’s hand.
It took a minute for all of them to process what had happened at breakfast, but it wasn’t too long after they started driving, that the air felt lighter again. Dean had put on some new singer he had found, Cas and Eileen bobbing their feet in unison and Sam quietly enjoying the music. Fields and cities flew by as the sun started to settle. The ride took longer than expected and when they finally arrived at their B&B, the sky was pitch black and the stars were covering it, like a thousand diamonds on velvet. All of them were tired, sitting in the car all day, only stopping a few times to freshen up and grab a burger on their way. Their legs hurt and their backs were aching and only when they walked up the white wooden stairs to the reception, did they start to relax. “I think we are calling it a night, guys. 9 a.m. breakfast?”, Sam asked, and Cas nodded. Dean was too tired from driving to make a sound and just held onto his boyfriend. Intuitively Cas slung his arm tighter around him as he signed
“Of course.”
His voice hitches, knowing that it was now he had to share what he wanted to do next. What he needed to do next.
, he thought, his fingers reaching out and touching the glass with his tips. He could feel it. “Can I help you?”, a voice pierced through the air, friendly but determined. A young woman showed up beside them, a radiant smile on her lips. Dean didn’t respond, enchanted by the rings on display. “We are looking for a ring.”, Jack explained, gesturing to Dean. “Ah, special occasion?”, the woman asked, looking at Dean, who was still eying the rings thoroughly. “Um, yeah”, Dean finally looked up. “I’m looking for an engagement ring. Um.”, his voice was shaky, and the woman cut him off with a smile. “Very well. This is a good selection for that. We have a lot of different styles. Artdeco, Art nouveau – or Jugenstil if you will – Victorian. Beautiful pieces, really.”, skilfully she took out the rings and put them on the counter next to them. With a clank, the stand landed on the glass. “So, what did you have in mind?”, she turned to Dean, who looked utterly helpless. He didn’t know. He had looked at so many rings online. Shapes and stones and their meanings and he was feeling so lost. How should he know? “I-”, he began but stopped again. Maybe it was the look in his eyes. Maybe it was her intuition, but the lady smiled at him with warm eyes and said. “What do they like? Gold, silver?”, Dean shrugged, clueless. He felt dumb, why didn’t he know? “Don’t worry, we will find something. There are treasures in here, believe me.”, she reassured him. Dean felt the tension ease a bit. The auburn hair of the woman fell over her shoulder as she took the rings off the stander, one by one and laid them out on the counter. “There a few things we can do.”, she perked up, a twinkle in her eye. “First, you could think of what jewellery they usually wear? Anything that comes to mind, a ring, a necklace, earrings, anything. And if they are not keen on jewellery in general, maybe there is something they mentioned? Something they said looked beautiful.”, Dean stared at her blankly. “And if both of that is not an option, we have one last approach.”, she carried on, reading Dean’s expression correctly, “My favourite one”, she winked at them wittily. “Sometimes, it helps if you close your eyes and think of the person the ring is for. Think about them and what makes you love them. And then, when you open your eyes, see if one of those reminds you of them. It doesn’t have to make sense. Sometimes it’s a small thing, a single stone or how the light reflects from the band.”, she titled her head, putting down the last ring on a velvet square. “Give it a try.”, she gestured to towards the rings. Dean, feeling very self-aware, glanced at Jack and then closed his eyes. “What’s their name?”, the woman asked. “Cas... um Castiel.”, Dean said guarded, this felt strange. “Castiel, that’s a beautiful name.”, she answered. “Wanna tell me about them? What do they like? Are they a morning person?” By the thought of Cas, Dean’s heart jumped a little, even after all these years. “Eh, he doesn’t sleep much. I’m grumpy in the morning and he knows that. But he doesn’t complain, he tries to be mindful.”, Dean smiled to himself. “Cas… he’s special. Sometimes he will act like a child and be so giddy about the stupidest things. But you can rely on him. It’s like I’ve known him for forever and I still learn new things about him every day. He’s… he’s just special. He knows me as nobody else does. He understands, even if I don’t understand…”, Dean trailed off. It felt weird to say these things out loud, especially to a stranger. “He sounds lovely.”, the woman said quietly. Dean nodded; eyes still closed. And behind his eyelids, he saw tousled black hair and piercing blue eyes. “He is.”, he murmured softly. Blinking against the light, he opened his eyes. Jack looked at him, a grin on their face. Finally, his eyes fell on the counter. Calmly searching, wandering over the rings, which were laid out neatly in front of him. Carefully he took a step forward, eyes fixed. On the right, a golden ring had caught his eyes. A thin band, and in the middle many tiny square stones that were spiralling into an oval shape, with a bigger stone set in the middle. Like rays of sunlight, the little stones reached out. The closer he looked the more the sun looked like an eye, but it wasn’t a freighting sight. No, it was beautiful and grounding. He lifted it up with light fingertips. Rolling it between his fingers, stroking over the ripple of the stones, which reflected the light from above. Dean didn’t say a word. “That’s a beauty.”, he heard the woman say.  He nodded. “How much?” “369 Dollars.” “I’ll take it.”, Dean’s voice was but a whisper. “Grant.”, was the reply. “May I?”, she held out her hand, and slowly – almost reluctantly – Dean put the ring into her palm. They left the shop, Jack beaming with joy and Dean smiled, his fingers curled around the little box in his pocket. His knees were a bit shaky as the realisation hit: this was getting real. Not a thought in the back of his mind, not a feeling when he sat with Cas on the couch, two puzzle pieces fitting perfectly together. He was so madly in love with Cas, it almost brought him down to his knees. Well, on one knee anyway.
“Yes?”, he asks softly, pulling his fiancé close to him.
.” They left and Claire linked her arm with his, she could feel him trembling. “Don’t worry, dad. You’ll be fine.”
When he looked up, he met sympathetic eyes.
, Sam signed back and rolled his eyes, Dean just smiled thankfully at her, a silent understanding. Dean’s food arrived and his eyes sparkled in excitement, he was
, Eileen signed confidently. Dean groaned. He couldn’t say no to either of these two. Resignation settling in, he closed his eyes. “Ok, fine.” Cas shot Eileen a smile and winked at her, approvingly she nodded back. “Vermont?”, Dean turned to Cas again, “Are you sure? Do we want to be
and yet he never felt so nervous as he did now. So unprepared. Frantically he recited the vows he had prepared in his head, but the words soon blurred into incoherent strings of vowels and consonants. “You’re doing great.”, Sam whispered to him, sensing the tightness in his shoulders, but his voice was pressed and strained. Dean nodded; his face hardened in an attempt to compose himself. Excitement and anxiety crashed against his insides like waves against a rock. He wouldn’t falter, this day would be one of the happiest of his life, dammit. Sunlight illuminated the hallway, bathed the giant sandstones in golden light and filled the hallway with a warm and welcoming air. From the entrance right up to the doors that lead into the main hall, garlands of pink hydrangeas paved the way. Inside on each aisle, blue cornflowers and deep purple delphiniums decked the benches like an ocean of petals with specs of light pink peonies every now and then. It was breath-taking, Dean had thought when he first glanced into the room. Claire and Jack really outdid themselves. He should tell them later, thank them for all the work and thought they had put into this day. A smirk crept upon his face and his eyes fell to the floor. He really did it. This was his life now, trembling about vows and tearing up by the thought of his family, that cared so deeply about him. He made it. The smile grew bigger in the realisation of what he just thought. He was loved and he would grow old knowing it to be true. He would grow old being loved and he would love in return. Family was more than blood and, right now, Dean felt the words Bobby said all these years ago. For the first time, he understood.
she signed back. Dean thought it was great that Jack learned how to use silent language. The talking paired with the hand movement seemed to tire them out sometimes, which with Jack’s endless enthusiasm was a good thing, especially for Dean, especially in the morning. “Good morning”, Jack greeted them loudly when they saw Cas and Dean come in. Dean just nodded, making a beeline to the coffee pot. “Morning Jack.”, Cas smiled and patted their shoulder on his way to Dean and the coffee. “Morning,”, Sam shouted, busy with the pans in his hand. The morning went by slowly, all of them around the counter, too lazy to move into the living area. Jack excused themselves saying they had a phone-date with Kaya at some point and Sam and Eileen suddenly looked expectantly at Dean and Cas. Instantly suspicion grew in Dean. “What?”, he looked tentatively at Sam. “What what?”, Sam smiled, playing innocent. “I know these…
His stomach had curled at the thought, and he had shaken his head putting it down into its box.
, Jack thought, feeling the desperation radiating from Dean. Dean just followed them like a beaten puppy, head down, dragging his feet. With a high-pitched noise, a little doorbell rang, announcing their entrance. The store was crammed with shelves and other furniture. Lamps, curtains, porcelain figures standing around. No space was unused, everywhere one’s eyes fell there was something to inspect. Dean was almost overwhelmed, turning his head left and right, trying to navigate in this ocean of curiosity. But Jack took his hand and lead them straight to a tiny, wooden cabinet. The insides of the cabinet sparkled invitingly, jewellery of various eras presented, polished and tidy. Jack looked expectantly to Dean, who couldn’t take his eyes of the treasures.
“That is MY old ring!”, his voice rises an octave and Castiel relaxes visibly at the statement. Offended, Dean lowers his hand, but Castiel only laughs.
. It made him giddy.  Dean thrust slowly into him, his hands digging into Cas’ hip, fingers pressing into his flesh. Cas stroked himself as Dean pushed into him further. Muffled noises, when they both came. Dean pulled out and turned Cas around. Kissing him, long and longingly. “Good?”, he asked. Cas nodded against his lips. Breathing shakily. “Good.”, Dean smiled, pulling him closer, bringing his nose to Cas’ neck. “Good.”.
He can feel Cas smile at him and begrudgingly straightens up again as they descent further down and get ready to exit.
“Cas. I never thought I would be here.”, he read the wonky handwriting, his voice grew weary, fearing that he might put himself out there too much. “I never thought I would get married, or honestly live ‘til the age of forty.”, he laughed even though he knew it wasn’t a laughing matter. “When I thought about my future it was always hunting and surviving. It was about making it through to the next mess.”, he paused to catch a glimpse of Cas who was wiping at his puffy eyes, lips agape and pink and perfect. “For the most part of my life, I was ashamed and afraid. Not only for what I thought I did wrong but also because of who I was. I drowned most of this in booze and work, so I didn’t have to face it. But deep down I always knew something was different with me. Something I couldn’t tell dad, something that I felt like I couldn’t tell anyone. And then you appeared. With thunder and literal sparks, which was kinda on the nose, to be honest, but, well, I didn’t catch it then.”, he winked and Castiel almost rolled his eyes but was too busy trying to keep his composure to risk it for that. From the benches came laughter and Dean glanced sideways, confidence bubbling up in his chest. His eyes glistened and a small but radiant smile pulled at the corners of his mouth. “And even though my first choice of action was to stab you with a knife, you didn’t back down. Since then, you rarely have backed down, which is one of the things I love about you most. You don’t give up on me, even when I give up on myself. You don’t falter, you don’t stop picking me up and putting me back together every time I mess up.”, his voice cracked, and the smile slowly faded as the impact of his words hit. Tears started to well up in his eyes, forcefully making their way up.  “I-”, Dean swallowed and cleared his throat, a single tear breaking free by the motion. “I never felt like I deserved anyone to do this for me. I never thought that I
, Jack thought cheerful. Every now and then Jack glanced at Dean, whose eyes were still open, be it just a smidge. Jack felt Dean look at them, too. Eyes fixed on their neck. Cas got up at some point, to get some beer and Dean propped himself up, rubbing over his eyes. It was only half-past nine, but Cas was just so damn comfortable. “You okay, kid?”, he asked Jack suddenly. “Um, yes.”, Jack brought out clumsily, they didn’t expect to be addressed. Especially since they were alone. “Good, good.”, Dean muttered, clearly uneasy. “Listen, kid.”, he said, eyes searching the floor for a spot to rest on, he didn’t dare to look up. “I know I’ve been distant… lately.”, he sighed, and Jack’s shoulders tightened. “And Cas said- well … I wanted to let you know that…”, Dean sputtered, rubbing the back of his head. Damn, why was this so hard? He breathed in deeply.
Dean sat on the windowsill, fingering at his cufflinks. They were new, just as the rest of his outfit. He had bought it with Sam, in a way too fancy boutique and spent far too much money on it. No one should ever spend that much money on a suit. Usually, when Sam and he bought suits for hunting trips, to act like feds, they went to the dodgy shops in crammed alleyways. But this time they went to a high-end street. The woman in the shop had handed them a glass of sparkling wine and greeted them with a smile, big and sweet and fake. When they had told her what they were looking for, her smile had grown even brighter.
“So.”, he called out as he slapped his hands together. The music softened as Garth spoke, simmering down to a comfortable whisper. Castiel smiled at Dean and they both took a step back, to face Garth and to prevent themselves from making out, right this instance forgetting about etiquette and the correct order of things. “As you all know, we have gathered here today to honour and celebrate, the love of these two extraordinary men.”, he started and already Dean heard Sam choking up next to him. In exasperation he rolled his eyes, if someone had the right to start crying, it was him. There were yelling and cheers of approval, someone whistled, and Dean could bet it was Charlie. Grinning, Garth nodded towards the noise and held up both hands. “I’m glad we agree. To be honest, both of them are quite the piece of work sometimes and I would understand if you are more torn about that last part.” More laughter echoed through the room. “Still,” Garth exclaimed, “With their faults and quirks, we love them almost as much as they love each other.”, Garth paused and turned his head from Dean to Cas, his smile could not grow any wider. “You guys have been to hell and back, died more times than any of us could count, got your ass into purgatory and, as I have heard, in another universe altogether.”, Dean flinched at the words and looked at Cas who raised a scolding eyebrow at Garth but his eyes twinkled with kindness. “What I want to say is this.”, he continued with emphasis, “You were torn apart by life, by fate, and god but you always made it back to each other. Every time you fought, and you struggled, and you did not give up until you were together again. It didn’t matter if everything went to shit around you, or if all the odds were against you. You always found each other again. I feel like the word love is almost not enough to understand what you two must feel for each other. There is something deeper and more genuine in your love than I have words to describe.”, Cas’ throat did that thing again where it felt too big for him and his eyes were stinging with tears. Opposite him he could tell Dean was fighting with his emotions, too, trying so hard to keep a straight face and Cas knew he was deliberately not looking at him. Dean knew when he would as much as glance at Cas now, he would lose his composure completely.
“Yea, let’s go home”, Dean nods, mind emptied of any thought other than “Cas loves me. We’re getting married.”
All words are forgotten when Cas steps out of the Impala and his eyes widen in awe seeing the fair in full action. Pink, green and blue lights flicker over his face from the rides and the food stands and his lips fall agape.
. Dean didn’t answer that night but just leaned against Cas, head full. Things were easy with Cas now. Just one look and he knew what Dean was thinking. Dean didn’t know how he did it, but it has always been like that and Dean was finally happy to just accept it. He remembered it vividly the first moments when Cas was back.
Behind the counter sat a young-looking man; dark, wavy hair that reflected the harsh neon light from the lamps above.
It was a cold February day when Dean knocked on Jack’s door. They were currently catching up on a series Kaia had told them about, a weird – probably criminal – guy raising big cats and getting into a lot of trouble. “Yes?”, Jack answered the door and Dean went in. “Heeey”, he said stretching the word in a suspicious way. Jack knew the inflictions of Dean’s speech pattern. Something was up. “Hey.”, Jack raised an eyebrow. “What are you doin’?”, Dean implored, clearly distracted from whatever was on his mind. “Nothing much. This guy is killing wildlife and apparently wanted to kill this woman, but also he says he is innocent. But then his boyfriend killed himself, but maybe that wasn’t on purpose.”, Jack went on and Dean, completely lost, just nodded along. He had no idea what this kid was on about. Sounded intriguing though, somehow. He would ask them about this later. “Okay. Well listen, I have a favour to ask.”, Jack sat up straight, pausing their laptop and focusing on Dean. “Sure, what is it?”, they said with a smile. Dean’s heart melted right that second, this kid was just pure kindness. It was almost too much to bear. How did he deserve a child like that? “Um, so I wondered if you could take Cas on a huntin’ trip? Not for long. It doesn’t even have to be a real case. Just occupy him for a day or two?”, Dean rambled, his eyes wandering around restlessly. “Yeah, sure.”, Jack reassured him, but their interest was piqued. “What’s the occasion?” “Nothin’, nothin’…”, Dean swayed his arms around, trying to act innocent. Jack wasn’t convinced. “Sure?”, they didn’t want to press him, but clearly something was going on, and there was a natural curiosity spurring them on. Dean shifted from one foot to the other. He seemed torn between wanting to confide in Jack and not finding the right words to do so. “Well, its nothing really. I just need some time to figure some stuff out.”, he deflected. Concern rose in Jack’s chest. Like an alarm that rang in the morning, ripping you from peaceful slumber. “Is everything ok?”, they asked, voice low. Sadness seeped into their eyes. Dean immediately regretted his choice of words. “No! I mean yes, everything is great. I just need a day off.”, the line on Jack’s forehead deepened. “Did something happen?”, their heart clenched in fear, like a cold hand closing around it. Everything seemed so easy lately, almost too easy. Of course, there had to be a catch, of course, something would happen and take it away from them. “No, Jack. Everything is great! Really.”, Dean gestured widely, but the damage had been done already. “If I can do anything, Dean, please tell me.”, franticly Jack searched their memory for any hint or moment that could have had to do with this, but they couldn’t think of anything. Dinners had been more lively than usual; Dean had seemed even more in love with Castiel than ever. Even Sam had said so. What was it then? What had happened? “Jack,”, Dean tried to get a word in between Jack’s rambling, but there was no chance. “Did you have a fight?”, Jack asked, already creating scenarios in their head. “No, Jack, listen.” “I know it had been hard, but I thought it was all better now.” “Jack!”, Dean stepped forward grabbing them by the shoulders. “Stop. Listen”, he breathed in shakily. “Nothing happened, I don’t want to have a ‘break’ from Cas.”, he almost chuckled at the thought. He couldn’t imagine ever wanting a break from Cas. “I need some time to get a ring. And I want it to be a surprise, but Cas is always around and-”, Dean started to explain but Jack suddenly leapt forward and threw their arms around him. Caught off-guard, Dean froze midsentence. A small smiled washed over his face, and his eyes softened. Slowly he raised his arms and hugged them back. “It’s ok, no one is leaving, Jack.”, he said quietly, holding them tightly.
A loud and piercing knocking woke them up. “Hey, you guys awake?”, Sam’s voice carried through. Dean jerked around, drool on his chin and hair dishevelled. Next to him, a disorientated Cas moved ungracefully, still half-asleep. “Cas, we overslept.”, Dean grumbled, trying to keep his eyes open, which stung from the sudden wake-up. “Guys?”, he could hear Sam again. “Yea! We’re up. Give us a minute!”, Dean shouted at the door. He heard a sigh. “Ok, it's already 7:30, Dean. Hurry up. We’re at the diner to get breakfast.”, footsteps and then silence. Dean sat up straight. “Cas wake up.”, Dean reached out a hand and patted Cas’ leg. “We overslept”, he repeated as the realisation slowly hit. A line on his forehead formed as he tried to process the information. Cas never slept. And he defiantly didn’t sleep longer than Dean. He looked down to his side, where a still almost sleeping Cas lay. Cas eyes were half-open, fluttering shut every now and then, and his cheeks were flushed, pink from the warmth of sleep. Dean couldn’t help but stare at the angel, bundled up in bedsheets, a perfect, beautiful mess. Bed hair and everything. The sight was so bewitching, Dean didn’t even waste a thought on the question,
. Then with a yelp, Cas came, cum covering Dean’s bare chest. Dean only had to thrust against Cas one last time and then he, too, rumbled as he came. Weak, he slumped over Cas, who already put his arms around his back, guiding him down onto him. “Fuck”, Dean breathed out. Cas nestled his face in the crook of Dean’s neck. “I love you.”, he whispered against Dean’s skin and he felt Dean smile. “I love you, too, Cas.”, Dean said softly. He truly did.
