What did Cas like? In this state, it would have to be simple. Dean stewed on the question for a moment, glaring daggers of the door of the garage on the back wall to his right, before it hit him.
Dean blinked at the single letter signed at the bottom as he tried to come to terms with what he’d just read. He had a strong foreboding feeling about what ‘strained beginnings’ meant but he couldn’t for the life of him understand
She smiled, her finger’s slipping beneath the collar of her dress and pulled out a small medallion connected to a slim gold chain around her neck. It was decorated with a symbol Sam recognized instantly. “He called them, хранители истины (keepers of the truth).”
“Is there any way to tell who it is from the trace of energy you can sense?” Sam questioned.
The versions of himself that he’d met or been told about were so different from him and even to each other that it was a complete unknown.
"Cas, you still there?"
“Officer Adams will escort us there once he comes back out with the case file!” Jack interjected, coming to stand near his father. “He seems very worried about the physical state of a girl named Sonia.” His head tilted just a fraction in thought before continuing, “I think he might have romantic feelings for her.”
Dean ignored the rest in favor of tossing his clothes on the counter and limping over to the cabinets and throwing their doors open in search of first aid supplies. The first cabinet yielded only an assortment of towels ranging in color from pale grey to navy blue and accompanying rags; he chose a pair at random and threw them across the middle space onto his clothing pile.
The angel nodded slowly, not trusting himself to say anything more than, “Thank you, Sam.”
Sam visibly tensed at the description; an image of Lucifer immediately jumping to mind. He pressed a thumb into the center of his scarred hand where it rested in his lap out of habit. If the Sheriff noticed his sudden withdrawal, he didn’t mention it. Instead he continued his summary.
“I’m fine.” Cas snapped in a manner that was more Dean-like than Sam had ever heard from him, before the angel’s face softened just a bit and added, “Thank you for asking.”
The faint whisper of strings drifted back into Dean’s ears, along with the cool tingling essence whose presence the hunter could only visually detect now by a faint reflective ripple. He swallowed thickly while he attempted to ignore it.
It wasn’t until they reached the door marked 42 that Cas finally turned to face them, his shoulders rigid, his hands balled into fists at his sides. His eyes feel first to Sam, but then lingered heatedly on Dean before he informed them curtly that the return trip to earth would likely be just as unpleasant as the ascent. In his rough voice the words came out more like a growl, and his tone conveyed that he wasn’t too concerned about the discomfort that they’d experience this time. Without another word, he wrenched the door open, flooding the already bright hallway with an impossibly brighter light, before stalking over the threshold and disappearing into the blinding swirl.
Shit, he hadn’t meant to say that last part. Oh well, it was out there now and if Sam thought it sounded weird, he didn’t mention it. Instead, he hit Dean with, “Well, what if it
Sonia considered this for a moment before glancing at Jack, “Then if what he said is true and you were here before... this angel was searching for your brother when it killed Viktor.”
” Castiel roared, all power and anger.
The girl sauntered forward, extending her lanky arm first toward Sam who was closest to her and then to Dean just beyond him, dropping a large silver coin into each of their waiting palms. Sam, nerd that he was, immediately brought the piece of silver up to his face to examine the symbols etched on the surface. After a moment of inspection, his eyebrows lift in surprise, before his eyes jump over to Dean.
This had been the game since Cas had stepped out of the motel bathroom after Purgatory. It had started innocently enough. The dude had been so filthy when they’d found him on the side of the road that Dean honestly hadn’t wanted him to get into the back seat for Baby’s sake. Of course, that momentary selfishness had been squashed by the overwhelming shock and relief that had come with finding the angel alive despite all the odds. Silhouetted against the bathroom light, freshly shaven, clothing clean and smelling like crisp soap and steam, the thought had just popped into Dean's head; Castiel was a damn handsome guy.
he was despite glaring differences. His hair was still the same dark unruly mess it always was, just longer, hanging loose around his ears and forehead and neck in soft curls that made the imploring expression of his face seem more open and believable than it had any right to be.
Contained within it was a vast pocket of fresh groundwater which was laid over with thick heavy-duty lead glass that now served a floor for what had been built atop it. Somewhere deep in its obsidian depths was a pump whose presence was given away only by a deep whirring hum which blended into the background noise of dripping water and the faint oceanic whirl kids listened to in seashells. That single pump, presumably running on the same magical energy as the rest of the bunker, fed holy water into the main water tank to which every pipe in the bunker was connected.
I'M BACK BITCHES!
Both Sonia and Evan instantly turned matching shades of red and trained their eyes in every direction but at each other. Cas peered between everyone with what seemed to be a mixture of impatience and confusion, while Sam drew in a slow steadying breath through his nose to stave off the sudden reemergence of the awkward tension he had only just escaped.
“It means,” Castiel retorted curtly, “That your brain is specifically calibrated to perceive three and four-dimensional space so that’s what you see.”
An ear-piercing screech simultaneously inside his head and outside.
Neither had been equipped to identify it, let alone acknowledge it or come to terms with it, but it had been there.
“Did he seem out of character or say anything strange?” Sam probed further, “Before you guys got here it felt like I was in a daze, not able to think clearly. If an angel worked their mojo on me, they might have worked it on him too.”
“You know them?” She asked, surprised for the first time since she’d come outside.
The flame in the fireplace had long since been reduced to glimmering coals.
Sam rolled his eyes, “I mean we were just disembodied souls last time so maybe it’s got something to do with being here in the flesh?”
“Yes. Yes, of course, he did.” Castiel murmured, almost compulsively, keeping his head downcast low enough that his displaced bangs obscured his eyes. “Forgive me.”
It was empty.
Sonia narrowed her eyes, “Are you lying?” she asked cooly.
Without further ado, he began to ease himself down the stairs, the candle holder raised and ready to strike should someone or something surprise him.
"Oh yeah. Apocalypse World 1: Zombieland  and the sequel: Return of Michael. Both sucked. Giant Shadowy Monster world; also sucked."
Dean was stunned into silence.
“To keep you safe.” The angel stated as though it should be obvious.
For his part, Castiel seemed to roll with the punches, though his reply sounded very much like he was trying to convince himself right along with Dean. “No, no that’s not it at all. Please, Dean. Please. You are the only one here.”
As he sat in the dim light of the TV which had long since been stuck on the DVD menu screen, with his palms pressed against his eyes, he was suddenly assaulted by an overload of sensory input.
“Dean, are you alright?” Dean vaguely registered the feeling of Cas’s cool palm on his forehead, brushing his hair away as if to check his temperature. “You look flushed.”
Dean risked a sidelong glance at the angel, thankful when he saw his eyes still closed in concentration. After a cursory scan, the hunter's eyes fell on the nearly imperceptible movement of his friend’s lips as they formed around silent syllables. As he watched, the sounds of chiming bells grew louder, and beneath them, a high pitched whine that grew in intensity as well. It was calming, soothing, and the hunter couldn’t look away.
Micah and Muriel were nowhere to be seen.
Cas looked away, shame and sadness filling him. “Our lives have been chaotic from the start” He confessed. “There simply hasn’t been an opportunity…” He could sense her reluctance to believe him, and he realized for the first time that perhaps it was because it wasn’t true... “Just before all of this,” Cas continued after a moment of deliberation, “We were...repairing our friendship. Much has happened between us in the years we’ve known one another. I wish I could say it was our first falling out but…” He trailed off, shaking off the still raw hurt that afflicted him despite their road to recovery, “After this latest hunt, Dean wanted to...talk. I was looking forward to it.”
His eyes snapped open, for one heart stopping moment convinced that he wasn’t alone, but a scan of the shower and surrounding bathroom through the glass proved the area to be as uninhabited as it had been when he’d stepped inside. Then he glanced down his torso arched out from where he was still leaning against the glass under the red light and was alarmed to discover that his hand had moved to circle around his half hard erection of its own accord, his fingers as loose and teasing as the hand in the fantasy had been.
The master bathroom was split into two parts by an elegant archway in the center. On this side, a long slate grey counter fitted with two basin sinks of a deep obsidian ran the length of the wall on the right. Above them, a huge opulent brass framed mirror hung below tasteful ceiling lights. On the left stood two large storage cabinets carved out of ashen wood fitted with more brass, and just beyond them a glistening obsidian toilet to match the sinks.
Jody cursed, her voice tight and worried.
“YOU CAN’T HAVE HIM!” Cas roared over the cutting edge of the air whipping around him, bracing himself against an answering surge of power that slammed into him like a train, but he refused to look away.
BUM BUM BUM
Evan’s attention snapped to the road so fast the entire car swiveled to the left.
“Do what?” Castiel asked with a confused tilt of his head.
"Uh, guys…?" Jack chimed in but it was too late.
"I'm sorry Miss Ivanovna," Cas spoke up, "It was my fault my...heart...is in poor condition. I collapsed and my partner's must have seen from the--"
Dean could have easily read between those lines even without Sam’s words earlier still pinging around in his head.
“Okay, that’s kinda freaky.”
Stretching over the entire right side of the closet, occupying shelves and cubbies and hangers, were all his own clothes. With the picture forgotten, Dean darted inside, swiping through the array of button downs and flannels haphazardly organized, along with several varieties of canvas jackets, heavier winter fleece coats, and all different shades of suit coats and slacks. Ducking down to peer into the cubbies he found several varieties of casual and dress shoes alike as well as all manner of work boots. He pulled at the drawers just as frantically, flinging them open one by one to reveal jeans, undershirts, boxers, socks, ties...
“No,” Sam said, hopping up from his seat. “We’d just need a mirror--”
Outside, the rain had let up, but thunder still quaked in the distance. The drifter mounted his bike, kicked the stand back into place and stepped on the ignition all in one fluid, well-practiced motion. The machine roared to life, deafening in the silence left in the wake of all that had occurred. It purred long and low as he pushed off, speeding away from the Blue Mermaid in a streak of black.
The silence on the car ride back was awkward and uncomfortable. Sam caught Evan turning to speak to him on more than one occasion only to think better of it and this time, the hunter didn't prompt him for more.
But there
Sam flipped his phone shut in kind, before turning back to Evan and Gretchen, only to find them standing several feet apart in complete silence. Gretchen had since rolled Hishov back into the refrigerator and now sat tapping away on her phone, while Evan appeared a bit green around the gills where he was keeping a post near the door. After a brief glance between the two, Sam moved toward Evan, motioning at him to catch his attention.
His self-flagellation is interrupted when the haunting cry of violin strings drifts up from the chapel. His hand on the wall balls into a fist. It was softer than before, stifled like a secret. Instead of mournful is sounded...resigned. The urge to turn around and go back down there was immediate and intense but the hunter resisted. He straightened his back, set his shoulders, both hands now fists at his sides and willed himself to march forward. Cas just needed some space right now, that’s all this was.
“Cas!” The younger Winchester called to him as he rounded the nose of the car. “Are you alright? What happened?!”
The world once again, went black.
“No.” Cas replied firmly before answering her previous question. “I know it's the same creature because we share the same energy signature. It's another angel.”
“I don’t want trouble.” Was the manager’s automatic response, his hands coming up in surrender.
“Try?” Sam insisted.
"You were here the day of the murder?!" She demanded, walking right up to the hunter and poking him in the chest. "What else have you neglected to tell us, eh? I'm beginning to doubt you're even a federal agent!"
Dean paused mid step, his hand halfway to the door handle.
"You've...been to other realities as well?" He inquired.
Cas was already making his way toward the bathroom but Sam stopped him with a hand on his arm.
Apparently, he could in fact
Along with being one of way too many memories Dean had of his own death--really it was starting to become a problem--his brief stint in Heaven had been a catalyst to a whole cascade of emotions and realizations which had left him wounded beyond the buckshot he'd taken in the chest to get there. While his injuries had long since been healed, leaving no trace of that instance of death on his body, the damage to his heart and mind had left a scar that ached even now, so many years later. Running for his life from fanatical angels who wanted his meat suit to fulfill a world-ending prophecy, reliving invasively personal moments from a life he barely remembered and let’s not forget discovering that one of his brother’s heavenly paradise moments had been walking out on his family--on Dean himself.
Before Cas could say a word she was up and trotting off to the bathroom, asking Sam briefly to hand a few items through the door from the cabinets before coming back to the living area with a bottle of alcohol, a bag of cotton balls and a swatch of bandages.
“Angel blades.” Cas replied automatically. “He’ll likely have his own and if he knew a counter spell to the scrying from memory we should anticipate he knows other forms of magic as well.”
Before Cas had come into their lives, those warm moments had been few and far between, especially after their dad had died, but even early on, when Cas had still been Castiel, Angel of the Lord, Sam had noticed something change in his brother. Of course, it hadn’t been love at first sight, that would be ridiculous to expect from either of them; Castiel being an angel and soldier who hadn’t been near humans or their complicated customs for 2000 years and Dean who had never been in a relationship for longer than a single night.
“Resonance?” Dean asked, crossing his arms over his chest, the instinct to put up a defensive barrier too ingrained to ignore even if he wanted to.
His eyes flickered from his dad’s twelve gauge, to his own hand crafted blade from purgatory, and then further to several varieties of angel blades, machetes and other familiar weaponry.
“Alright." He stated, cutting the air in front of him with one hand, “I’m only gonna ask you this one time, so it’s time to fess up.” He was trying for calm and firm, but only managed barely contained. “There has been some weird shit going on since we went to Heaven, and it only seems to be happening to us” He pointedly gestured between them to elaborate his meaning. “Tell me you feel it too and I’m not just going crazy.”
Once again, the pair stepped through the light together.
but the angel pointedly ignored it in favor of concentrating his grace to heal the fracture and subsequent hemorrhaging that his outburst had caused.
(God left me long ago.)”
“Yes, he worked in collaboration with a scholarly branch here in the states. He and Viktor were childhood friends and had a life long agreement to work together to get us all out of our poor little village…” She trailed off with a sad sigh. “My father fell ill and died before he could make the trip. My mother was devastated, but I convinced her to carry out his wishes. Viktor kept his word and looked after us in his stead.”
Ahead of him, just beyond the end of the table, an elegant archway fed into what Dean assumed to be the kitchen and as he neared, the sizzle of something cooking in a pan became audible, the smell of coffee and food became richer. The hunter saddled up next to the right side of the archway, candle held drawn up close to his chest as he breathed evenly through his nose in preparation to face whoever he could hear shuffling around in there.
God was he really that predictable?
but thick impenetrable blackness.
Dean blinked rapidly as his heart tripped back to life, a pitchy, “Yeah, sure,” falling past his lips. When Cas eyed him strangely, the hunter added in a rush, “Just seemed like the right thing to do.” He then promptly shoved his injured hand in his pocket and hoped it looked like nerves.
While Dean kept his head defiantly facing forward with his hands fisted tightly against his jeans and posture tense with frustration, Castiel could see his eyes dart back up to the mirror in a show that he
The brothers had just wrapped up a case in Casper WY where they had spent the last three days playing a nasty game of hide and seek with a warehouse infestation of teenage poltergeists. They had all died in an angsty faux satanic suicide pact back in the seventies and had since been inciting suicides from other teens who used the derelict building for all manner of youthful mischievousness. The warehouse had been ripe with teenspirit (along with teen spirits, HA), marked up by discarded beer cans and homemade bongs, used condoms and graffiti as far as the eye could see. Two harrowing nights passed without any luck and Dean had been ready to burn the entire building down by the morning of the third day when Sammy finally unearthed and burned all the belongings that kept all the kids tethered to this plane.
“So we basically have jack with a side of squat,” Dean complained gruffly, crossing his arms over his chest.
If he was unharmed, why had his prayer been so urgent and full of fear? What had happened?
“Дорогой Господь на небесах!(Dear Lord in Heaven!)” She screamed when she finally found her voice, repeatedly crossing herself with trembling hands. “Это он, это он! (It’s him, it’s him!)”
Sure enough, when Dean poked his head around the door, his eyes immediately found Cas hunched over on the front most bench, head bowed and shoulders tense. Dean’s nose scrunched up involuntarily as he pushed himself further into the entry, taking the stone stairs down slowly. The air there was earthy and heavy with the odor of wet stone and minerals, but even here Dean could still see the faint shimmer of the smoke-like essence in the air. All around him was the consistent delicate echo of dripping water accompanied by the low hum of the pump far below the glass, but louder than either was the mournful euphony which Dean had followed there.
If anyone were to ask, Dean Winchester would blame his next actions on friendly concern and sleep deprivation. He needed Cas to understand that, despite how terrifying it had been at the time, it was not an instance he regretted now.
He was unconscious before he hit the ground.
The issuing struggle was short lived, the angel easily overpowered him, bringing him in intimately close and pinning Dean’s arms to his sides while pressing their bodies together with one arm. With his free hand he reverently caressed the hunter’s cheek.
He grunted a surprised, “What the hell Cas,” but the words died on his lips when he stepped around the seemingly frozen angel to take in the sight before them. From somewhere behind him, he could hear his brother wheeze out a startled explicative, but all Dean could do was stare while every one of his senses lit up to high alert all at once.
“Hannah.” Castiel greeted her with a nod.
To his credit, once he'd gotten a handle on himself, Dean was right beside him but he wasn’t nearly as adept at diving in. Though he’d calmed down significantly, his nerves were completely shot. Not only was he worried about his friend but his sense of safety in the bunker was fundamentally shaken. Despite his best efforts, he was twitchy and restless. When he wasn’t rereading the same sentence half a dozen times, he was up and pacing under the pretense of searching for different books. By the sixth time he was up and out of his chair, Sam finally intervened.
Cas suggested extracting a bit of his grace to perform a locating spell on his double but Jack insisted such a spell required more grace than Cas currently had to spare. He also expressed his doubt as to whether or not such a spell would even work to track this alter-Cas given that he was not in fact the same entity as Cas despite their similarities.
His hand fit seamlessly over his left shoulder, warm and gentle, right where the scar had been. The cool heat of grace tingled a bit where they were connected and then again beneath his bandage.
He was talking about the Mark of Cain.
The young woman then slid into the passenger seat of Evan's squad car after confirming the travel plan one last time. Likewise, the boys climbed back into the impala and once again followed behind Evan as he lead the way to their destination.
“Good” Castiel sighed an easy smile that seemed far too friendly for how tense Dean still felt, before settling his weight casually onto his back leg and giving the hunter an appraising once over. “Your cortisol levels have dropped and your heart rate has reduced substantially.”
Fingertips traced over his brow, down his cheek, across his jawline, all the while moisture collected along his lashes and slipped over the bridge of his nose to dampen the pillow below his head. Dean Winchester was beautiful no matter the reality. It was a pleasant constant he’d discovered long ago, but despite all physical appearances, none of the versions he’d found so far had the same uniquely beautiful soul. All were shaped in similar ways, but the subtle differences of each reality colored them differently.
The hunter’s expression was coldly blank and he met Hannah's gaze unflinchingly. The tension in the air around him was palpable. “Try nightmarish,” he growled. “So just get to the goddamned point already.”
“We need to talk to the witness who saw the killer’s face.” Sam replied. “Mrs. Ivanovna.”
...in a dude’s meat suit.
A wistful and sad smile bowed the angel’s lips, but it didn’t quite reach his eyes and Dean was instantly transported back to the shower and the image of blank blue eyes.  A shiver ran down his spine, but he did his best to school his expression into one of sympathy.
Angelic grace was a dynamic incandescent celestial energy, but it was so much more than a mere power source. Grace was the very foundation of an angel’s being, at once it’s celestial body, it’s life force and something like a soul. To see it smeared along the ground, dull and dark and dingy grey, gruesomely viscid in a macabre mirror of coagulated human blood...it was both inconceivable and utterly horrifying to behold.
His stomach fell through the floor.
“No offense Agent, but I only have so much information regarding other cities' cases.” Briggs told him firmly. “Maybe your colleagues assigned there could tell you more.”
The entire wall below the balcony was decorated in...weapons.
he whined
"Yeah I am--was--er--" He mentally kicked himself, "I mean, I will. I just needed to talk to you first."
“Quite,” Harut huffed apathetically, “Now if you’re finished?” Marut inclined his head, clasping his hands in front of him, the muscles in his arms nearly bulging out of his suit coat, his pearlescent eyes settling cooly on his brother. Addressing their guests once again, Harut politely extended one hand toward the hallway behind Cas. “Hannah is expecting you so if you’ll follow me, we can get underway.”
Harut peered back at Castiel with his glassy dark eyes, his hands clasped stiffly behind his back. “Despite what you and your...companion...might believe, the experiments did reveal valuable information we would not have been able to obtain any other way. The effects were only the beginning.”
Dean’s startled expletive was cut short as the Castiel pressed their lips firmly together.
“Of course,” he replied automatically, his tone flat.
“Uh...wait. Wait, hold on.” Sam dropped onto the nearest bed, his shoulders slumping. “Something’s...something’s not right. I’m having trouble thinking straight…”
Then the dark silhouette of his friend moved forward and Dean was suddenly swept up in a tight, desperate embrace. He went completely rigid, heat prickling up the back of his neck and over his entire face. Cas pressed the entire length of his torso up against Dean’s. The hunter’s brain completely short-circuited when he felt Cas press his face into the crook of his neck, hot breath tickling the hollow of his throat.
The hunter’s eyes immediately jumped over to the angel blade he could still see glistening on the counter, but went still before he could reach for it when the angel’s forehead pressed into his hip bone. Slowly, fighting the instinct to lash out in an attempt to get away, Dean peered down his torso.
It took him a full second to process that Cas had spoken out loud. His mind felt fuzzy and muffled like cotton had been stuffed between his ears. His eyes seemed to lag as they rose up only to get lost in the depths of ocean blue as Cas sat up and half turned on the bench seat to look at his friend directly, concern written plainly across his face.
The words had been ethereal bells; the sound of Cas’s true voice, but he had understood them in that moment like he hadn’t when he’d first heard them while the angel prayed. It was like he understood the meaning because the sentiment had been shared which was mind-meltingly confusing. If it was shared then that meant that they both wanted to be together and the hunter was not at all prepared to deal with that possibility.
She pinched the soft skin behind his upper arm through his shirt sleeve, startling a pained yelp from him.
Dear god, between Jack’s innocent honesty and Castiel’s impatient bluntness, Sam was ready to go live under a rock, but he pushed through the cringe worthy beginning to this introduction with a tight smile that he hoped appeared less forced then it felt.
--they shared, Dean had no idea, so he tried to push his waning mental energy into the territory of what he
Dean whipped around, a startled explicative on his lips but the only thing which met him was empty air and the crunch of glass under his heel. The accompanying shock of pain cut through the fog in his head as the glass sliced open the bottom of his foot.
Since the first piercing sensation of the prayer, Cas's heart hadn't stopped hammering. The panic was disorienting, sending his vision spinning and muffling the sounds around him, while a wild hyperfocus circled the echo of the prayer. Dean was in danger and he had next to no grace with which to find him, let alone get to him. Not that it would have mattered if he had. Even after he’d pleaded Jack to stretch out his senses to the area in question, the young man had felt nothing, not even a blip on his radar.
It was a full minute before Dean’s brain rebooted and he was able to shake off the almost truth his brother had been about to reveal. Shoving aside the fact that Sam was way more aware of his situation that he had given him credit for, Dean took a steadying breath and headed for the door. He probably should have been more annoyed than he was that Sam was so insufferably perceptive, but if he was being honest with himself, he was kind of glad. Dean was shit in the talking feelings department, he always had been, but Sam seemed to get it without him having to say the words, and though that was terrifying for its own reasons, it did mean it was one less awkward conversation he’d have to suffer through later.
“WHERE?!” His attacker roared, pulling the terrified human off the wall only to slam him back hard enough to crack the brick.
With that, he patted his brother’s shoulder once more before making his way toward the door. “Go on,” He called behind him when his brother remained frozen, “I’ve got the bags.”
Then Dean was leaning in, while applying gentle pressure to the back of Cas’s neck, guiding him forward.
Like the scene in the garage, he simply stood and glared for a long moment, regarding himself with a critical eye. His naked skin was flushed red from the exertion. His knees and shins were splotched an angry scarlet and stung from the salt of his sweat but his knuckles had taken the brunt of the damage and dripped tiny droplets of crimson onto the white tile. When he finally raised his eyes to look at his own face, he was repulsed by his own piteous state: his hair clung to his slick forehead, his cheeks were streaked with drying lines, and he was sickly pale with dark bags dragging down glossy red-ringed eyes.
“--However,” She continued as if he hadn’t spoken, “Our preliminary investigation revealed that, aside from those who have gone missing, all of the angels in my charge are accounted for and they assure me that none their missing brethren had been of the mindset that you’re suggesting.”
“I--”
There was an unease quickly filling up the empty hollowness left in the wake of the heat, and a cold sense of foreboding washed over him like ice water. A minute later he was taking the stairs up out of the chapel two at a time and sprinting back into the bunker proper, coming to a skidding halt in the library. He leaned over with his hands splayed against a table, eyeing the room suspiciously while he caught his breath. The strange feeling had since eased, but not entirely and it put him on edge; it felt familiar but he couldn’t be sure it wasn’t his own exhausted mind playing tricks on him.
“They--they do?” Evan stuttered, before a pointed look from her had him nodding along with a sudden conviction. “I--I mean of course you do!”
"I made it the same way every morning for five years." Not-Cas answered the question Dean hadn't asked, and then gestured to the plate between them, "The eggs are made with sour cream instead of milk. The bacon is slightly charred because your mother always overcooked it when you were a child, and the blackberry jam is spread over melted unsalted butter because even though you pretend not to hear Sam when he warns you about your blood pressure, you do make small concessions."
“You are safe!” The stranger shot back firmly but without heat. The hunter didn’t miss the sleight of hand evasion. “Look at me Dean, you need to calm down.”
It felt incredibly surreal to note that the candle holder he’d lifted in self defense earlier that day had been returned to its original position on the side table near the stairs as though it had never been moved at all, and as he passed he had the obscure fleeting sense that it hadn’t been the only thing reset.
“And yet here you are despite that.” Sonia pointed out, “Love is not about perfection, mой друг (my friend.). It is about continuing to be present despite imperfections and mistakes.”
“It is new, that’s true.” She replied in kind, “But these new realities are not what concern me my friend. My nerves are for you and your man.”
“Storms that intense happen here often?”
The angel caught himself against the side of the pew, his grip hard enough to make the wood squeal and groan in protest. His heart gave a painful jolt as his pulse spiked, his ears and cheeks burning. His breathing was labored as he tried to focus passed the heat pooling low in his stomach and almost succeeded until a very familiar and very clear voice rang out inside his head;
Cas repeated a bit more urgently when Dean didn’t respond right away, concern evident in his tone.
Dean jutted his fingers back and forth under his chin in the universal ‘don’t tell her’ sign.
Sam maneuvered the screen again so they could both watch.
“I am now.” The angel finally replied. This time it was definitely a sob.
He said with a low whistle as he settled into place with a shimmy of his hips and fingered the tie around the angel’s neck suggestively.
to lie. No one had ever put the question to him so simply; it was almost a relief to finally say it aloud. “I do.”
an insidious voice gasped from behind him in mock concern,
“Then it’s decided.” Sonia chirped with a clap of her hands, “We’ll leave first thing in the morning.”
He made quick work of his face and hair before dragging the fragrant foam down over his shoulders and chest and under his arms. He fully intended on this being a quick in and out like one of his many rushed hotel showers, but he kept getting caught up in how he was going to approach this situation.
Dean seemed to be the only one who saw the raw anguish that shadowed the vibrant blue of the angel’s eyes. Somewhere in the distance, a muffled sound like fracturing ice or a clap of thunder was the only indication he was given before Dean was suddenly awash an intensely cold pressure pressing in on him from every direction; not unlike plunging into the depths of frigid water. Dean couldn’t help but stare. The sensation was rolling off of Cas in waves, but as Dean glanced around the room, no one else gave away any indication that they had felt it too...
Dean couldn’t hear him.
While Sam set about collecting information from Hannah, Cas excused himself and Dean back out into the hallway. He could both sense and visibly see some of the tension leave Dean’s shoulders which in turn helped ease his own. Dean took advantage of the momentary privacy to lean up against a doorless section of the hallway and scrub his hands over his face to clear his head.
“What?” Sam completely blanked, his head still fuzzy and sluggish from sleep.
In one fell swoop, Dean suddenly shoved Castiel away, knocking him off balance just long enough to slam his hand into the banishing sigil he’d drawn in his own blood while the angel was distracted.
Then just as his cock swelled with the first pulse of an imminent orgasm, the demon blinked out of existence, and Castiel’s eyes snapped open.
The hunter stepped forward to take the tan cuff of the trench coat into his hand and brought it up to examine it. It seemed to be an exact replica of the one his Cas wore just stiff from prolonged storage. Without really thinking he dropped the cuff and stepped forward, taking up the lapel instead and bending slightly to bring it to his face.  Closing his eyes, he inhaled the scent of it. Under the dry papery odor of dust, he could just make out the hint of ozone and windswept freshness he’d come to associate with Cas over the years.
"You doing okay, Cas?" Sam's voice broke into the angel's thoughts.
Cas tossing that quirk of a smile his way after a bad joke; tempting.
Nice to be worried about.
“WEST!”  The manager finally wailed in agony, his eyes glossy and pleading. “
“Do they know that?” He asked,  jerking his head at the pair before regarding Cas again, this time his brows drawn down with a look somewhere between suspicion and alarm. “I mean, they didn’t say anything about it and it seems like a pretty damn big piece of information to leave out.”
“Tell me what I need to know and there won’t be any,” the stranger fired back. He then turned his attention to the check-in book, methodically flipping it open and swiping a few pages aside. He scanned over the names and then one black-gloved finger fell to a point near the top of a page. “Here.” He hissed at the manager. “Rose and Hudson; I need to know when they checked out.”
“We definitively concluded  that the toxin is biological in origin.”
“Тишина (Hush).” Sonia tutted sweetly, “If not for your own sake, then allow me to keep my nervous hands busy.”
“Hannah contacted me,” Cas answered as he leaned forward and braced both hands on the lip of the bench seat. “She’s been dealing with some sort of situation in Heaven and has requested our presence to assist in an investigation.”
without
As he’d predicted, Dean’s own reactions seemed to dictate Castiel’s emotions. The angel even mirrored his posture as he settled his weight back against the car.
A muscle in the angel’s jaw jumped as he visibly tensed, averting his eyes. In place of an acknowledgment he asked, “What’s next?”
“Me and Sam aren’t going to be back tomorrow.”
, but you ain’t Cas.”
All three men bulked at the number, but Cas was the first to recover, though he seemed shaken to his core.
"I--uh--yeah." The hunter stumbled lamely before clearing his throat. "Yeah, sorry man, m'fine, just tired."
“I will fix everything.”
He told himself, though the voice sounded off.
He noticed the scars first, because how could he not?  Angry dark lines cutting across otherwise pristine skin. He felt the absurd need to brush his fingers over them, not quite convinced they were real but was too overcome with shock to move.
Dean cracked his eyes open to squint into the darkness of his room, before exhaling in a long sigh a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding. Mercifully, a bit of tension seeped out of his shoulders. Rolling said shoulders, the hunter then flopped moodily onto his back, one arm stretched haphazardly across the mattress while the other was bent and draped across his forehead. He felt ridiculous for hiding his face even though there was no one around to see it beat red after the private personal admission. After a moment, he lowered the arm to rest over his stomach, his eyes still closed, taking stock.
The older hunter bit back an undignified yelp. He knew that he deserved it, but it was still irritating to be on the business end of one of his brother’s well-placed punches; he’d hit the pressure point between the muscles with his middle knuckle for maximum punishment.
His heart thumped wildly in his chest, pumping hot blood in every direction as he squeezed his eyes shut to will the feeling away, but this only proved to amplify the imagery.
are an angel?”
Without looking at the angel, Dean addressed him once again, “So how the hell do angelic rainbow waves get turned into grey sludge?”
“Dean?”
The sudden jolt of movement punched the breath out of Cas like a physical blow, the pain spiking and then quickly diminishing to a dull ache once the procedure was complete. From the doorway Evan flinched as he watched, his face pale, while Sonia stepped carefully over the threshold, taking in the extent of the damage done to the bathroom.
He lingered outside the door this time, apprehensive.
“So...you came here to stop it from happening to me?” Dean asked haltingly, feeling that this was obviously going to be a touch and go subject.
The mere thought of the angel worrying about his well being had the hunter up in arms again; he was going to get some answers out of this bastard even if he had to cut them out in pieces.
A sitting room. A wall full of weapons. A house in the middle of nowhere. A stranger in the kitchen--Dean’s eyes snapped back to the stranger in question, zeroing in on the man who was now perched on the edge of the coffee table across from him.
Dean shook himself out of his own head, focusing back to the present with an acknowledging grunt in his brother’s direction. Sam was peering at his open laptop with a perturbed expression.
Back then, it had been overwhelming and terrifying with the echo of it lingering with him for days afterward. Though he had heard things similar since then, for whatever reason only that one time with Cas produced the magnitude of the sensory overload that had occurred that day.
Sam reigned himself back in. “Y--yeah. That’s right. Sorry. We--uh--we got sent out in pairs. My partner and I were assigned to Scottsbluff.”
When he was finally able to see the name, his heart sank; it was Jody. He tried not to let the disappointment seep into his voice when he answered.
The corner of Dean's mouth twitched into a small fond smile before instantly falling as he remembered why he'd called in the first place.
It was surreal, hearing a voice he knew so well coming from a man who was in many ways like Castiel, but in many other subtler ways definitely
Hannah appeared suitably contrite after Castiel’s reprimand but doubled down on her previous assertion. “I am aware now that my methods were perhaps a bit medieval--”
“It will do.” Cas replied, taking the offered items and turning once again toward the bathroom.
To start with, he’d been brought back from the dead. Awesome but also a fuck of an adjustment considering he’d just come out of a forty-year stint in hell, not to mention he’d had clawed his way out of his own grave. Another impulse to wince was squashed but he couldn’t control the tension in his jaw and felt the muscle beneath his ear jump.  To say that he hadn’t been running on all cylinders was an understatement. Yet, despite everything that had been threatening to tear apart his sanity at the time, it had been that voice which had snapped him out of it. The shrill, piercing shriek had been like the screech of feedback from a microphone, but so much more.
“You are in no position to make such demands Castiel,” Marut barked, his former submission all but forgotten, “Or have you forgotten that the devastation of our species began with you?”
Cas blinked in confusion, his hand falling back to his lap and Dean mourned the loss of contact. “What?”
Sonia observed him with watery eyes before nodding curtly once, “Good.” Then, she glanced away before looking back at the angel with reproach. “Answer me one more thing.”
Okay. So he was trapped there. Fan-fucking-tastic. And his captor was some psycho angel who thought he was Cas from another dimension. Crazy as it sounded, Dean thought back to the drugged out miserable human altar of Cas he’d met almost a decade ago, then to more recently to the alters of Charlie and Bobby and...Michael...from the Apocalypse world.
“Right,” Sam replied distractedly, “Lead the way officer.”
Yet, there Cas stood, without having opened up a connection with Dean’s own soul reaching out to him. If this continued, the dynamics of their friendship would suffer, of that he was sure. Dean Winchester was many things, but a sharer was not one of them. Such an intimate connection would intimidate him, make him wall up, put distance between them...and that was the last thing Castiel wanted.
Before he could stop himself or think of a more tactically sound way to sat it, Dean found himself asking, “What happened to him?”
That impending tightness in his lower stomach signaled his orgasm was fast approaching. The obscene wet slap of his skin made his ears and face burn with a shame that didn’t stop the low groan from escaping him when he finally crested, his cock pulsing in his own hand as ropes of cum coated his fingers and dripped onto the tile below to be washed away.
“Damnedest thing I’ve ever seen.” Briggs continued. “It was like the devil himself reached out of hell and crushed the life out of the guy.”
Sonia gently guided him into an embrace, cradling his head against her shoulder, muttering sweet reassurances to him. She caught movement in her periphery, her eyes darting over to find Sam frozen in the hallway connecting to the back bedroom and bathroom, his own eyes glossy and wide with shock.
Dean stared at the angel with poorly contained awe. “Uh, Cas. What the hell was that?” he asked.
Sam sat stock still, barely even breathing as he absorbed everything the sheriff was saying.
“Pactola lake and Deerfield lake,” Sam read out loud. “Both are near the center and remote enough for any reasonable civilization to be miles away.” He brought up both scenic and aerial views of the lakes and turned his laptop to show Cas.
“What could have done such a thing?” Castiel asked, his voice strained.
Castiel held his eyes with his terrifyingly unnatural gaze for a few moments before the light slowly faded. With it, the oppressive feeling of crackling energy around them died as well, and the lights above returned to their continuous hum. When the angel made a move to get closer, Dean put the bike between them once again.
The bite in the words not only surprised him but put him on high alert. It felt similar to being under control in the shower, his mouth and voice being utilized like his body had been.
“Cas, what the hell man?” Dean demanded, his voice wavering on just this side of hysterical, but he played it off fairly well as alarmed concern for his friend’s strange behavior. “You scared the crap out of me!”
There were only two real possibilities here that the hunter could see.
After a while, he found himself in the garage tinkering under baby's hood but abandoned the project he’d had in mind after barely an hour of work when a misplaced finger was pinched in a place it shouldn’t have been and he nearly tore the offending piece of metal out of the engine to throw across the room. At the last minute, he’d turned away with a furious shout and kicked over the tool cart instead. The silence in the wake of the deafening crash of metal on concrete was interrupted by the hiss of a hitched breath through clenched teeth.
Whatever had been looking back at him was gone leaving him peering only at his own frightened reflection.
Just over twenty minutes later, Sam strode into the garage with a duffle bag slung over his shoulder and his laptop case in hand. Dean was rechecking weapons and ammo in the trunk as he approached.
The young officer’s eyes bulged comically, “Oh, y-yes sir!” He stammered with a fumbling salute. “I’ll get the sheriff right away!”
, don’t even know what the hell was going on. So you can’t assume you would have, even if you did have all those memories back. Besides, it’s more important now to focus on gathering new information and making new memories.”
“Hey.” He said quietly. “You bailed on us pretty quick back there. You okay?” He was aiming for casual though he felt anything but.
The pair fell into step,  once again trailing behind their assigned escort, this time en route to the scene of the first disappearance. It wasn‘t as far a trek as it had been to Hannah’s office and before long they were being ushered through another white door. Dean staggered a bit when this one opened up into a vast garden which stretched out in every direction as far as his eyes could see. Above him, the sky seemed to have the same pearlescent quality as the clouds outside of Hannah’s window, and the hunter had to shield his eyes from it to see with any success. The air was saturated with the scents of a thousand different types of flowers and, though he would never admit it to another living soul, the hunter felt a nearly immutable desire to run off the white stone path and frolick through them--naked.
He bowed his head in rumination, attempting to corral his racing thoughts when he suddenly felt a rush of heat overtake him. Blue eyes snapped open against the onslaught, the breath in his lungs escaping in a startled gasp. Vivid images and sensations flooded through his senses without his prompting;
ask. You guys have had your differences, you’ve beaten the crap out of each other more times than I can count, but he always comes back to
The angel glanced up as Dean approached, flashing a charming smile that made the hunter’s stomach tense unpleasantly. Fuck, why did this guy have to look
Scrambling into action, Dean all but sprinted from the room, fleeing the scene of his trespass. He reached the kitchen without the memory of having gotten there. In three long strides, he found himself at the sink and wrenched the cold water on and stuck his throbbing hand beneath the cool spray. As the terrible burn was momentary quelled, Dean took the opportunity to examine the brand.
The only light in the room was afforded by the hallway light which seeped in from under the door. The quiet and the relative darkness should have been relaxing, his memory foam should have been comfortable enough to coax him to sleep, but even after the internal chick flick moment was all said and done with, his mind was still full of access energy. He grits his teeth in frustration, his mind still rebelling until, at long last, he relented and allowed it to wander back to what he knew was really distracting him.
“What?” Castiel asked, stunned, “That’s not possible.”
“Vic is all bone fragments and loose meat.” Sam replied warily, “Blue face, swollen tongue, and bloody eyes definitely points to strangulation, but Cas there’s...” Sam glanced at Evan and Gretchen, seeing that they were distracted in tense conversation, before finishing, “...there was a hand print burned into his throat.”
“Good evening friend.”  The manager mumbled through a thick accent, before shuffling over to the check-in computer. “Strange weather, yes? Lucky for you we have rooms.”
Evan pulled up just outside the front porch and he was stepping out from the driver’s side door and up toward the house as Sam rolled up and parked alongside the cruiser. By the time the three of them had exited the impala and made their own way up to the porch, Evan was already chatting pleasantly with a pretty young woman with straight straw blonde hair and large soulful brown eyes. Her attention shifted to them as they came to address her.
In light of his outburst, it seemed as though Hannah had forgone the escort this time, instead entrusting Cas to know his own way out and that he would take the brothers with him. His pace was swift and stiff, and the only sound between them was the sharp click of the angel’s dress shoes against the tile accompanied by the lumbersome echo of the brothers’ following boots.
Without further ado, the hunter set to work gathering ingredients, completely shutting off his brain to the methodical actions of food preparation. The idea was blessedly minimal and sentimental;  blackberry jam and rich crunchy peanut butter. While domesticity was the furthest thing from Dean's mind, he was banking on the extra effort going a further distance toward his end goal: escaping this fucking nightmare.
Dean met his brother's eyes briefly before quickly glancing away. He thought he might have some idea what it was but...
“Hey man, it’s alright.” He said soothingly when the angel couldn’t meet his eyes. “All of this is getting to me too, but we’re close now. After tomorrow, we’ll have him back.”
It was him and Cas, sitting next to one another in a diner booth. A snapshot of one in a thousand instances just like it, but this was different...
Dean’s chest was tight with anticipation but he felt light-headed, almost giddy. Had they really just stumbled into a break?
In the late morning of the second day, Dean woke up with a pounding headache and a stiff neck from the angle he’d maneuvered himself into against the arm of the couch. After sitting up and eliciting a series of satisfying cracks from his back that eased the pain in his neck, he leaned over with his elbows braced on his knees and cupped his face with both hands. He rubbed at his puffy eyes and massaged the bridge of his nose and temples to ease the pressure he felt there, but it did little by means of helping.
The rest of the day had been spent in and out of Evan’s small apartment, making calls and researching ways around angelic warding. Sam had the idea of using the map tracking spell Ruby had shown him all those years ago, but it proved only to narrow down Cas’s vague location to somewhere within the center of the 8400 square miles of the Black Hills National forest.
Cas looked away, ashamed. "I first suspected it in the hotel room when we arrived--"
“I haven’t!” Cas shot back, turning his own glare to Hannah, “What exactly were you referring to Hannah!?”
“Some of the creatures we hunt aren’t...from this world.” Sam explained haltingly, not sure if the ‘multiple realities’ bomb was going to be the final straw here but deciding it was necessary; they were already irrevocably involved and if this Cas look alike ever came back the more they knew, the safer they would be.
he could think about Cas a bit more than he probably should but it didn't mean anything so long as everything stayed platonic. He could justify thinking about wrapping his arms around the angel, he’d actually done just that on a number of occasions, but if fantasy Dean's hands began to wonder, he’d force the thought away. He could envision the angel poofing into his personal space, but quickly found something to distract himself if the imaginary Cas leaned in too close for comfort.
He brought one hand up to press fingers into his eyes and pinch the bridge of his nose, attempting to clear the fog of sleep from his head as he broke down the exact timeline of events since coming back from the hunt.
It hungered.
Castiel raised his beer, tilting the neck toward Dean. “To new beginnings.”
“That’s still so vague.” Evan chimed in, worry permeating his voice.
Once again, Dean followed the sounds of clattering cutlery into the kitchen, this time making his way deliberately and with purpose, only to find Not-Cas pouring a mug of coffee like they were acting out some sort of family sitcom while a plate heaping with scrambled eggs, bacon and two slices of toast--sporting butter AND dark jam--sat before one of the chairs on the side of the breakfast bar closest to him.
It had alarmed him before he’d known what it was and he did regret lashing out in fear like he had--he’d apologize for that when he saw Cas next--but thinking back on it, it really hadn’t been so bad. Under different circumstances, it might have even been kind of nice.
With his focus completely on the road illuminated by the single headlamp, the motorcycle streaked out of the garage. As a flash of lightning streaked overhead, Dean didn’t notice the illumination of his own eyeless reflection in the side mirror.
Sam stepped inside and the Sheriff rose to greet him, extending his hand over his desk. The hunter shook it firmly, “Sheriff Briggs, Agent Scholtz.”
There was no delicate way to break the news, Dean realized, so he just said it outright in a rush.
The sigil at its feet began to glow.
“What was that back there, Cas?” Dean questioned in a low voice, “You damn near passed out on me and you look shook as hell.”
Sam, who moments before had become a fully alert flurry of long flailing limbs during the initial swerve toward the ditch, now clung white-knuckled to the ‘oh shit’ handle above the passenger door. His other massive hand was pressed with stiffly splayed fingers against the dash, bracing him against the screeching stop. With his chest still heaving he whipped his head to the side, his tousled hair sticking up in every direction, both from the rush of air through the open windows and the sudden violent movements of the car, and pinned his brother with an epically scathing and scandalized bitch face.
The Blue Mermaid was a clean but sparse single-story motel situated right off old highway 26 on the western border of Scottsbluff Nebraska. It shared a newly refurbished blacktop parking lot with a small ice cream parlor. By this time of year, the lot was usually packed with vacationing families enjoying days of cloudless cerulean skies and warm star-filled nights, but the current setting was lacking that picturesque postcard scenery.
into the goddamn VCR.”
The sound that came from Dean after that was a full-on, petulant groan. "I'm getting too old for this back to back shit, Sammy."
Over the years, it had become almost unbearable to be around, mostly because Sam had decided early on not to get involved. It wasn’t his place as a friend or a brother, and he had had no doubt that neither Dean or Cas, stubborn as they both were, would have appreciated him meddling in something so personal, and he hadn’t had any intention of starting now. It wasn’t as if Dean hadn’t been worried about Cas countless times before, but somehow this instance seemed different. It could have been as simple as the angel-specific nature of the case, but Sam’s intuition was telling him there was, as Dean had said, ‘something more going on’. So, just this once, Sam decided to meddle, just a little.
After hanging up, Sam glanced around their work station, eyeing the scrolls he was only about a third of the way through translating. After a quick glance at the door, he fished his own phone from his laptop bag and began to carefully snap pictures of the remaining scrolls one section at a time. If they were going to be on the road, he didn’t want to risk damaging them, but he also didn’t want to leave behind any potentially useful information. After uploading the pictures to his drive to access later, he packed up a few of the lore books they hadn’t gotten to yet, and his laptop before carefully rerolling the scrolls into their respective capsules and shelving them.
Dean considered his options. The angel clearly didn’t view him as a threat, or a flight risk considering he’d left him alone, so fighting him off or attempting to flee seemed like moot points. So far as Dean knew, the guy was acting out of desperation which explained why his emotions had been all over the place.
“They are.” Cas affirmed. “I have sensed no angelic presence on earth for months.”
Would it be as simple as talking to Cas? Would he have to make more of an effort? He thought about how close the men in the photo had been, how that Cas had looked at that Dean, and couldn’t suppress the thrill that pulsed in his gut. Would his Cas have looked at him that way if he’d gotten the chance? Indignant anger welled up inside him at the thought; he’d been right on the cusp of finding out.
“Yeah, let’s go,” Dean agreed, still wary of Cas’s earlier episode and still not quite sure what exactly had brought it on. Sure the case was a bit harrowing, but they had surely been through worse than some weird metal melting toxic goop and mystery languages. Dean wanted nothing more than to chalk it up to the missing angels. It would make sense. Despite rebelling against Heaven, and making some decidedly poor decisions when it came to his brethren, Castiel was still a protective brother. It was evident in the urgency with which he’d answered Hannah’s summons.  Dean could relate; he’d do anything to find Sam if he had gone missing like this. However, the hunter couldn’t shake the nagging suspicion that he was missing a big piece in this puzzle.
“Yes, I promise Dean.” He murmured.
“He lost himself...” The angel murmured sadly. “And I was not strong enough to find him.”
He never did.
The angel seemed genuinely taken aback, but then a brilliant smile that touched his eyes bowed his lips as he replied, “I would like that very much, Dean.”
“Cas.”
In the next instant, Dean was hurled back into his own body. The drastic shift from
With a look of question, Sam reached for the medallion, holding it between his thumb and forefinger when she nodded her permission. It was about the size and shape of a silver dollar, but the pair of arrowheads pointing in opposite directions to create a six point star was unmistakable.
“You said before that you came here to save me, you’ve clearly been through a lot to make that happen.” He forced himself to say, “And I can’t thank you enough for that, Cas, but I can’t help you if I don’t know what’s going on.”
Cas didn’t back away. Instead, he spoke brokenly against the hunter’s throat where Dean could feel the dry brush of his lips over the skin there, “I’m sorry I just...I...missed you very much.”
“And I’d like to see the body.” Sam continued.
It had surprised him but the hunter had chalked it up to whiplash and moved on. Cas had gone from grungey vagabond to angel of the lord in less than twenty minutes;
Castiel lingered with Dean in his room for a few hours, laid out next to him on the bed, simply watching him. It was a strange mixture of relief and apprehension that gripped him, a small reprieve from the heartache and numbing guilt.
Cas’s eyes flashed defiantly at him. “I refuse to hide while my brethren are abducted! Sam was right, the creature could still be close by! If we could just--”
Then Dean felt something warm twine around and press against him. He could see that faint shimmer in the air again, but this time it was tinged a faint blue. He sat stock still, willing himself to stay calm, but the moment he felt the strange presence begin to press
“Yeah, you said that before.” Dean retorted, “So what, you’re like the ghost of Christmas future; heed your warning or perish?”
The creature stood in the center of the same sigil which had been at both crime scenes. Cas knelt facing the hunter, blood and yellow slime dripping from his eyes nose and mouth.
(See the end of the chapter for
With a frustrated growl, Cas shrugged Dean‘s hand away. “Micah and Muriel are gone, Dean! Every second we waste doing nothing has consequences! You were in loath of Hannah when it was revealed how long she sat on these disappearances! Why are you hesitating now that the bastard is within striking distance!?”
It was a hand print.
In the moment it had seemed sincere but Dean was sure now that it had been his own psyche searching for the comfort of the familiar while under duress from what had happened to him that made it sound that way. He felt with certainty now as he looked over the meticulously cleaned scene that the angel had said it only to put him at ease in the moment. From literal kidnapping and half truths, to the memory scrambling; it seemed that the guy was trying to manipulate his perception and keep him from the truth despite his numerous promises to the contrary.
As the last few notes of the previous song dissolved into the gentle whir of the tape rolling in the cassette player, the first twangy notes of Ramblin’ Man had Dean relaxing back into his seat. The flow of the humid air over his skin accompanied by the music and white noise of tires rolling over pavement was enough to lull the hunter into a state closer to peace than he had been in weeks--hell, months.
“Before he died, my father was a scholar.” Sonia responded in kind, her tone soft and reverent, “He often spoke of fantastical creatures and entities relevant to his research. My mother was less inclined to believe his stories, but I always found them fascinating.”
The lights above them flickered once again and the angel’s eyes glistened with moisture.
So for some reason in this chapter my brain malfunctioned and I wrote 'Sophia' when the character's name is actually 'Sonia', so fixed that. Jeez >_<
, and an
Cas and Sam exchanged mutual looks of bewilderment before the younger Winchester turned to face Sonia with an earnest air, his hands up in surrender.
They both slid to the floor.
Then the power overwhelmed him, his eyes slipping closed as his awareness was smothered like a candle flame. Castiel bent down to hook the backs of the hunter’s knees over one arm before lifting him effortlessly into a bridal style hold, carefully cradling his limp body against his chest.
As he stepped back into the bedroom, the first thing he noticed was the absence of his bloody footprints and assumed that Alt-Cas must have set his mojo from stun to clean; a trick he’d seen his Cas perform numerous times, though in this scenario the hunter couldn’t shake the eerie feeling it gave him. A quick check inside the closet revealed much the same; no broken glass or frame. On a hunch, he checked the original shelf and sure as sin the frame was sitting just beyond the incense dish where he’d found it, put back together as though it had never broken.
“What happened?” She repeated Evan’s earlier question, her voice awestruck by the state of the room.
“Whatever.” He grumbled.
“What the hell Cas?” He groaned, “Sixty freaking angels go missing in four days? Shit that’s...fifteen every twenty-four hours. Why the hell did she wait so long?”
For a heart stopping moment, Dean thought the jig was up. He could hear his own blood pounding in his ears and knew that the angel surely heard it too. Any moment he would ask what was wrong...
“I’m pleased that my spell work was to your liking, Castiel.”
“No man, it’s alright.” Dean finally replied, “Stay there and play some more games with the kid. We’ll wrap this up and be back before you know it.”
Dean went very still, his eyes fixed on Cas with an unreadable expression before he turned away, looking forward toward their escort where they had both stopped several yards ahead, waiting.
“Yeah.” Sam replied before continuing, “None of the money or any valuables were taken so the police are unclear on motive. What could be salvaged from the security video footage shows the killer riding an unlicensed 1967 BSA Thunderbolt in the middle of a flash thunderstorm and entered the lobby where he exchanged words with the victim."
“There something on your mind, officer?” He asked.
“Dean, I understand that this must be overwhelming for you but try to understand: you and I have always shared a profound bond which has only grown stronger over the time we have known one another. However, beyond that, you are an incredibly perceptive man despite your instance to the contrary.” Without a response, Cas continued on, sliding closer until his knee folded up on the bench seat bumped into Dean’s where the angel’s hand still rested, his grip tightening by a fraction. “Consider this; How long have you been able to sense when I am near before I appear to you? How long have you been able to understand my intentions without words? I don’t know what catalyst triggered this sudden change in your perception Dean, but what I am fairly certain of is that whatever it was merely expounded on the nature that was already in place.”
As the shock subsided, the pain flared, pain spidering up to his shoulder from his hand. A quick glance back at the doorknob revealed another, larger symbol at its center now fading gradually from the brilliant red hot that had burned him. He fought the lightheaded nausea that accompanied the immediate necessity to assess the damage.
Sam nodded solemnly, “It’s a long shot, but what other choice do we have?”
“Oh yeah sign me up,” the older hunter replied sardonically. “Because last time went just great. Can’t think of a better way to follow up a hunt than by taking a stroll through the feathered douche bag capital of the universe. ”
“Okay, so what made them small-town celebrities then?” Dean asked.
The images flashed across his mind like slides on a reel, memories from a life that wasn’t his despite how he saw each of them through his own eyes.
He noticed for the first time the soft lilt of music and sound of someone humming along in time.
“Just gone?!” Dean fumed throwing his hands up. The mark sparked to life, searing the flesh beneath his shirt sleeve and he gave into the anger to escape the apprehension Harut had produced with his freaky staring. “Well that’s just great. Thanks to your shitty job the first go around, sixty of you feathered assholes are fucking ‘just gone’.” The volume in his voice increased steadily with his agitation until he was shouting the last words back in Hannah’s face.
There, the hunter stood frozen, with a tight grip around the knob to quell the trembling in his hand, while he fisted the other and pressed his knuckles into the grain. The pain helped to clear his head as he attempted to get a hold of himself.
The ‘caution against fleeing’ bit didn’t sound good no matter how he looked at it, but a shower and some fresh clothes did. The steam and heat would clear his head, and he’d be lying if he said ‘water pressure modified to his preferences’ didn’t sound fucking fantastic on his stiff limbs and back.
Loud words were heard in the back most office before the young officer scampered back out into the station proper and waved Sam over. The hunter quickly strode between the desks to meet him.
. It’s a miracle the place didn’t go up in flames.”
A bandage would make it more obvious. What he needed was a distraction. His head immediately threw up the angel's note.
Another slate stone fireplace, smaller than the one in the living space but certainly larger than the one in the spare room he’d been occupying previously, stood resolutely across from the bed, it’s hearth cold and dark for the time being. To its left, tucked into the back corner, stood a sizable window reading nook lined with shelving built directly into the walls filled to bursting with books.
He quickly pulled it away, embarrassed by how acutely his body had reacted before refocusing back to the task at hand. Bending at the waist, Dean scrubbed at his feet and calves, and then slowly straightened up to run the rag over his thighs and then finally his groin, only to gasp in shock when the mundane touch of his own hand nearly buckled his knees.
“I’m sorry.” Castiel’s voice floated up from the floor, deep and wrecked with emotion.
Finally, Castiel spoke. “Saving Dean Winchester from hell was the best thing to ever happen to me.”
“Killing? Far east from here; town called Hastings.”
“It’s the logical next step” Cas asserted, “His death is too strange and too sequential to Dean’s disappearance to be a coincidence.”
Right. He needed to get in the shower.
“And I
As they slid into the car, neither were sure who they were trying to convince more; Jack, or themselves.
“We’ll ride with Sam in the impala. Scottsbluff is less than three hours away.” Cas insisted, dropping a reassuring hand onto Jack’s shoulder.
Harut seemed to consider this for a moment, “An interesting hypothesis, but we didn’t test the toxin on any blades.”
“No wonder the pair of you aren’t together yet, you’re incredibly stubborn.”
“No need, son” Briggs waved him off, “We’re all more than ready to get this whole situation in the rearview, you understand me?”
Both Cas and Sam sat up a bit straighter, exchanging looks of identical concern. They had grown used to identifying the signs of the Mark’s influence when the older hunter was most vulnerable to it and now was no different. The blank expression, the hard eyes, the tense body language; it wasn’t so dissimilar to how Dean normally handled himself under stress, but the gruff vibrato and the snark were absent and in its place, the eerie stillness and calm he’d exuded while a demon.
Cas had eased Dean’s nightmares many times over the years, mostly without the hunter being any the wiser. He let himself believe it was for Dean’s own sake; that he eased what suffering he could for his best friend, but the truth was far more selfish. He went to Dean’s side and observed him for a moment. Dean made another agitated noise but the words were indecipherable. The feeling of unease returned stronger there than it had been in the hall.
All was still and silent. Once his breathing was back to normal, the angel stepped away from the table and made his way toward the back hallway where all the bedrooms were located. He felt silly really, but he walked on regardless, needing to see the brothers sleeping and safe for his own peace of mind.
No beta read this chapter because of my erratic schedule so please be kind.
thanks to some
However, now with Mrs. Ivanovna’s reaction, he was sure. They were dealing with another version of him just as they had dealt with alternate versions Michael and Zachariah. He had killed the disgusting excuse of himself from that Apocalyptic world so it couldn’t be him, but that only left the rest of the multiverse to worry about.
Instead, he just said, "We'll find him, Dean."
A firm grip behind one knee stopped the hunter’s backward retreat, pulling him instead back into arms reach. With an undignified grunt, Dean’s hands wheeled out in shock only to land hard on the angel’s shoulders to catch his balance. An arm circled around his lower back then, pulling him even closer.
Cas’s head snapped to the side at this, catching Dean’s eyes with another look of such stunned disbelief that the hunter throws up a hand to grip his arm just in case the angel went all fainting damsel again.
... he had feelings for his best friend…
Briggs rang his hands over the desk, looking like he was trying to find the right words.  “She gave a vague description of a man with black hair and, her words,
One moment his head was full of blood-red eyes that sent fear crawling up his spine and his next punch fumbling awkwardly against the bag.
“My apologies, “ The manager breathed evenly through a winning smile all the while his left hand moved ever so subtly toward the back of the counter and the twelve-gauge hidden beneath on the shelf. “I spoke out of place. What can I do for you?”
PLEASE FORGIVE MY LONG HIATUS!
He remembered going on a food run after finishing the case with Sam in Casper and calling Cas to let him know they’d be home the following day then...blank. He must have passed out hard after and been abducted from the motel room while he was asleep. That would make sense; he’s sure he would have put up enough of a fight to alert Sam otherwise.
His throat constricted with emotion and it took Sonia’s faint cooing of , “Все в порядке, мой друг, я здесь. (It’s okay, my friend, I am here.)” and her gentle caressing fingers in his hair to realize he was crying. He brought a stunned hand to his face to swipe at the tears slipping over his cheeks before the swelling pressure in his chest finally burst, his breath hitching as the first sob broke free.
“Yeah. I swept and whipped out the sink and shower if you need it.” He replied.
The angel's brows furrowed, "I see…"
The angel bowed his head, feeling whip-lashed and overwhelmed as they both pretended not to feel his longing.
Gretchen rolled her eyes back to Evan with an apathetic sigh, “It’s policy, Adams.” Evan’s entire face contorted when she popped another bubble at him for emphasis before turning back to address Sam. “So. Agent. I.D.?”
The lights in the kitchen flickered violently as the wind howled around the eves of the house. Lightning struck somewhere close, the ground quaking beneath the force of its fury.
When it seemed as though this Castiel wasn't going to take the hint, Dean rolled his eyes and added an impatient, "Look, you said if I played nice here that you’d give me give me some answers,” He gestured to the half empty plate in front of him.  “So unless you want me to sit here and keep assuming that this is as bad as it looks, start talking."
“Have you ruled out desertion?” Dean piped up, “I seem to remember you not being too keen on the angels who wanted to stay on earth. Maybe some of the ones you ‘convinced’ started having second thoughts?”
“I understand.” Sam tried to sooth him. “Is there anything else you can tell me about them before I go to them directly?”
Who…?
By the time Dean woke up the sun had long since set. The only light afforded to the room was the rhythmic flicker of firelight from the hearth opposite the bed. For a long moment after he opened his eyes he just lay, staring at the ceiling. His limbs were stiff and heavy like he hadn’t moved once in his sleep, while his head was, at best, a jumble of disjointed imagery and snippets of conversation. If he tried to focus on any one thing too long it simply slipped back into the fog.
“I’ll do my best but you know how stubborn he can be.”
“Hey, Jody.” Sam greeted, his voice a bit gritty from lack of use during the day.
“Call me Sonia, please. Evan has told me who you are Agent Scholtz and--” She began sweetly . her voice dusted with a hint of an accent, before leaning to one side to address Cas and Jack in kind where they had kept a small distance behind Sam, perched on the stairs. “--Agents Dolp and Paxton?”
“To make sure you don’t stick your nose into anything besides what you’ve been summoned here for,” Marut growled, shifting his glare pointedly to Cas. “ Heaven has reached a precarious state of order and it doesn’t need any more blunders.”
it made Dean’s heart skip.
Only after the words left his mouth did Dean realize what he said. Cas simply peered at him with those bottomless ocean eyes, his head falling just a fraction to the side; intent and searching.
The sky stretching out from horizon line to horizon line was just about as grey and dull as the road in between, but despite the hazy overcast, the air was balmy enough to leave the windows down. Somewhere between Colorado Springs and Burlington, Dean’s usual layers had begun to stifle him and he’d shed his jacket and his flannel. It left him in just his favorite band tee whose lettering and imagery were so timeworn they could scarcely be made out, but whose fabric was comfortably soft in a way only years of wear and washing could warrant.
“His name is Dean, and he’s my brother.” Sam admitted, feeling like any further lies or half truths would set her off again, deservedly so. “And we all sort of have a history with angry angels.” Sam answered, “It’s a long story.”
“There’s no way to know for certain.” Cas sighed, sitting back once again and running a hand over his face. “But it’s the best plan I can come up with. If it falls through, then I will have to face him directly.”
With his chest still heaving, Dean suddenly broke away from the bag still swaying from the force of his assault and stormed off toward the showers. He cranked the hot water first as high as it would go before adjusting the cold and then stepped back into the locker room to pull off the sweatpants now damp with sweat and drops of blood. As he turned back he paused when he caught sight of himself in one of the steadily fogging full-length mirrors.
“Dude, the whole world knew.” Sam replied teasingly. “I love you guys but you’re both pig-headed stubborn idiots.”
Cas’s face contorted in anguished frustration as he turned to face his friend, “No.” He growled, voice wavering with emotion. “No, it’s just like the other. There is no trace; they are just...gone.”
“Experiments?!” Dean spat the word like it left a bad taste in his mouth. He was no fan of angels outside of Cas, but experiments on prisoners like lab rats were low even for the average heavenly douche bag.
Then just as suddenly as it had come on, the feeling vanished as though it had never been, though Castiel was left with the very physical evidence of its presence. He stayed leaning against the pew, his entire frame trembling as he took stock of himself. He bit back a bitter shame at how tight his slacks felt. After a ten count, the angel inhaled deeply and exhaled in one slow breath, but it didn’t help to calm him as it usually did.
Sam couldn’t help but smile at her statement."Yeah, he's definitely on the warpath."
Cas gave a small chuckle despite himself. “You certainly have an imagination,” but after a moment his face fell, “It's a strange feeling. Usually, Dean is the hero risking his life to save someone else. If anything, I have been the reason lately that everything seems to go wrong…”
Silence flooded the apartment.  Sam’s brows were once again lost in his hairline and he pointedly found something on his monitor incredibly interesting. Sonia was voicing something he had suspected for years, but despite his curiosity it still felt like an invasion to appear too interested in the answer.  Jack on the other hand, peered at the angel in rapt attention.
It dawned on Sam then, and he jerked the phone away from his face to look at the time; it was a quarter past ten. They should have left hours ago. Suddenly very aware something was amiss, Sam took a few steps toward the bathroom where he’d sleepily assumed Dean had been since he wasn’t in his bed.
Dean stiffened in surprise before pushing himself up onto his elbows. He squinted at the face cloaked in shadow, just barely making out the glint of blue eyes in the dark.
“Whatever. Point is, the yellow goo turned out to be some kind of angel specific toxin that can cause burns, blindness, paralysis, bat-shit craziness and eventually if the target is pumped full of enough, they're dead. Plus side of whatever messed Kavorkian bullshit was happening up here, you guys figured out that whatever the hell this thing is, it’s toxic spew has biological markers, meaning that its a flesh a blood monster and we can gank the sonuvabitch.”
The brothers exchanged looks of equal alarm. Angels were supposed to be some of the most powerful beings in creation. For so many of them to simply disappear in such a short time was not only mysterious; it was downright frightening. Hannah bristled at the accusation in Castiel’s tone but managed to maintain her straight-backed posture in spite of his sudden fury.
Castiel took another shuddering breath before adding, “After that, our bond became twisted, polluted with insidious intent and viciousness. Everything that I knew, everything that he was...was gone.”
As he fell into his own thoughts, the swell of sensation in his chest returned along with a frustrating mixture of apprehension and...something else. Something that had been skittering around the edges of his psyche for months now. Something he refused to deal with beyond the vague acknowledgment of its existence.
Despite his initial apprehension, Dean practically melted beneath the heavy pelting of water just hot enough to begin to steam the glass and fog up his reflection as his head finally began to clear.
“That’s impossible.” He says flatly.
me, obviously. An alternate version of me."
More importantly; Whatever was happening, did Cas feel it too?
“Don’t fucking patronize me.” Dean spat at him, “You think I’m going to just roll over and play nice because you healed me and cooked a meal? We-” He gestured between them with the blade, “--are not friends. I don’t
“Hannah?” Dean grated harshly, turning to face the angel for the first time, suspicion and resentment pinching his face into a bitter expression. “As in 'the angel who had the hots for you and told you to gank me to prove your loyalty to Heaven’?” A strange look flashed across the angel’s face at the mention of Hannah’s attraction to him, and Dean swallowed back an angry curse at the slip-up. He could feel Sam’s eyes on him too but refused to look at him. Instead, Dean did what he always did; doubled down and got angry. "The one who went over to Metatron's side?!"
After scrutinizing all of the images, the angel indicated the latter. “Deerfield” He confirmed with heat in his eyes before attempting to get up. “We have to go--”
“Tests?” Dean snapped, his tone sharp and accusatory as he turned on his heel to pin the larger angel with a glare. “Who the hell are you testing it on up here?”
“Your brother cured you?” Castiel spoke aloud, his voice chillingly neutral despite the display.
Another pause.
ruined. Despite my intention to continue to aid my brethren however I can, you have been and will continue to be my priority.”
Dean simply crossed his arms and leaned further away not unlike a stubborn child.
Sam’s entire posture shifted as his brother’s words trailed off. With the barrage of events and information, he hadn’t even considered the possibility of Cas being in danger. With a sidelong glance, he carefully watched his brother’s expression and the genuine concern he saw there eased some of the heat out of his temper. Despite the obvious influence the Mark had had in that outburst in Hannah’s office, Sam felt more at ease knowing his brother’s heart had been in the right place.
It was similar in its foundational makeup, right down to the water damaged boxes and piles of books and scrolls littering every available shelf and surface. The single exception was a person sized workspace on an old desk near the back of the room where a single dingy lamp was the only light source besides what spilled in from the open door. With a cautious glance toward the kitchen to ensure he was alone, Dean stepped inside, risking a bit of snooping with the angel otherwise occupied. It was the only place in the entire house he’d discovered so far that seemed as though someone inhabited it with any frequency and he wasn't about to pass up the opportunity to glean some solid truth.
“Well, how did you know then?”
“Thank you.” Castiel said warmly.
“Dean,” Castiel murmured, continuing his approach and stopping only when the tip of the blade pressed against the black fabric of his shirt just under his clavicle. Beneath the loosened collar, Dean could just make out the hint of a leather corded necklace--strange his Cas didn't wear any jewelry that he was aware of. The angel didn’t seem to be concerned by the danger, his eyes still locked on Dean’s face. “I
She seemed appeased for the moment but her expression told the hunter she would not let this go without a fight.
The angel inclined his chin with a small prideful smile--he understood that reference.
Shit. SHIT. Castiel would notice instantly if he
“Exactly!” the taller brother exclaimed, “You know, this is actually kind of awesome if you think about it!” A moment later he was jotting down notes in the tiny journal he usually kept in his inner coat pocket, never one to miss an opportunity to expand on the lore. “We see the hallway and doors because we’re human. We’re used to seeing stuff like that.” He paused briefly, pinning Cas with a look of genuine curiosity, “but Cas, you’re an angel. Do you see the ones and zeros like Neo?”
So far he’d been able to guess the hunter’s physiologic state at a glance. How the hell was he going to explain this?
“Dean you're scaring me, man, come on tell me what happened.”
wasn’t real.
A small shock of gleaming blue-white grace erupted from the wound.
some sort of 'twisted’ or 'corrupted’ energy signature emanating from a source somewhere within that same quadrant. Later, the first scene was discovered by the angel Haziel when she came to relieve Rahmiel's post.”
It really did sound like the haunting drag of a bow along the strings of a fine instrument, but it was one single elongated note. As he concentrated on the sound, his chest and throat grew tight with emotion, and when he opened his eyes he could
at all.
Castiel seemed to consider this for a moment before he took a step, his expression a strange mixture of relief and disbelief. “You didn’t...become a demon?”
There was a pregnant pause which left the question hanging awkwardly in the air while Hannah seemed to flounder, tugging distractedly at her shirt cuffs, and voiding eye contact with any of them. Finally, she seemed to find her resolve, and she folded her hands over her desk to address them directly.
Dean shuddered at the cognitive dissonance produced by the harsh clinical nature of her words coupled against the girlish tone of her voice. “Gee, thanks.” He mumbled, turning the coin over in his palm once, before pocketing it.
Once again the angel’s voice took on a sterner tone as he continued,
“Woah, wait, what?” Dean blurted, his mind tripping over the unexpected mental gymnastics necessary to unpack that kind of statement. “Wanna run that one by me again?”
And just like that, Sam and Cas were alone.
**EDIT**
In the distance, a low roll of thunder broke the silence.
“Cas…?”
Was he going to hulk out now when he got angry...or at least more than he already did now with the Mark?
He rapped his knuckles on the glass marked BRIGGS once before a gruff voice from within barked, “Come in!”
“Doesn’t ring any bells” Dean replied.
“Yeah.” Dean continued, drawing out the word while rubbing guiltily at the back of his neck and pacing around in front of the vending machines. “We caught wind of another case. The manager of the last motel we stayed in before this one turned up dead. It might be our kinda thing so…”
"Oh." Dean intoned, a warm affectionate feeling blooming near his heart. “So you’re--uh--both you guys are doing alright on your own then?"
“Right. Thanks for the heads up.” Sam nodded in understanding before stepping passed the kid and striding over to the Sheriff’s office.
“Sure thing bossy.” Dean chuckled, “I’ll update you when we know more.”
Disembodied sounds skipped across Dean’s awareness like stones over water. Something warm and feather light brushed up against his mind, enough to stimulate, to entice, and he began to ascend from the void of dreamless sleep.
. You said the Mark corrupted him, that he lost himself. You freaked out that I’m cured of being a demon, so obviously, you couldn’t cure him. But you couldn’t keep your fucking promise, could you? You wouldn’t put him out of his fucking misery!”
Dean approached slowly, silently, something about this stranger tugging at a fuzzy memory in his head.
Castiel is the first to move, stepping aside to allow the escorting angels to take the lead before falling in easily behind them. Sighing through his nose, Sam met his brother’s eyes with a slightly bewildered expression before offering an impassive shrug and turned to follow after Cas. For his part, Dean shoved his hands back into his pockets and took a moment to catalog his immediate surroundings one last time. His eyes scanned down the seemingly infinite expanse of hallway in the opposite direction before flitting back to the ‘door’ they had all stepped out of--number forty-two. He scowled at the number, his brain still having some trouble wrapping around exactly how he had gone from sandbox to doorway.
He pressed the lever of the nearby toaster a bit harsher than necessary for emphasis. While he waited for the bread to toast, he considered his approach.
“Dean wait--!” Sam started, but his brother was already gone. The younger hunter sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose to stave off the headache he could feel creeping up behind his eyes.
him he freaked right the fuck out.
Dean’s entire body froze stiff; he didn’t even breathe.
Sam nodded in agreement, “Cas is right, Jack. Chuck might not be involved in this, but he
“I know I know.” Dean grumbled, rubbing at the spot to sooth the ache, “I’m an asshole.”
They made for the Impala, keeping their eyes trained on the darkest parts of the shadows, prepared for a fight in the event one arose but for time being all seemed quiet. They piled in, Cas slumping heavily into the backseat while Sam took his customary shotgun. The car was silent save for a faint metallic jingle as Dean fumbled around with the keys. Cas could feel the sickly twisted energy radiating from the sigil in the park much more vibrantly than he what had felt from the scene in a Heaven despite his best efforts to keep his grace tightly coiled close to himself, and it made his stomach twist with nausea. When Dean finally turned the key in the ignition and began backing out of the space, Cas let his forehead fall against the soothing coolness of the window.
The image of Cas’s glossy eyes and blank expression would be forever seared into his memory.
"Sonia please, you can't just--!" Evan tottered behind her as they rounded the nose of the car, but she paid him no heed.
“I’ve got some general supplies in the trunk. We’ll make up some hex bags to cancel out the basics.” Sam interjected.
"It's because it's me." Cas explained between panting breaths, straightening his posture from his hunched position against the car. "I have warding that makes me invisible to other angels."
Without really thinking, the hand perched on the angel’s shoulder slid down to grasp his forearm in a comforting gesture of reassurance.
“Shut up!” Castiel bellowed, turning around and around in an attempt to spot the spirit once again, his tone lethal. “Your filthy touch could have ruined everything!”
Dean was going to get whiplash from this guy’s flip flopping emotions. It was an unsettling reminder of Cas’s instability when he’d been stuffed full of Leviathans.
“It kinda sounded like you were singing.” Dean marveled as if he hadn’t heard Cas speak, his ears still faintly buzzing from the strange resonance of the lyrical language. It was the same sort of internal vibration he had felt earlier only way less intense. “My ears are still ringing.”
“No idea. We’ll have to do some poking around first.”
A sudden memory for a distant moment in time hit the angel with a shocking force.
Sam visibly rolled his eyes but seemed satisfied with the compromise. “Fine.” He replied testily, before leveling his brother with a smug knowing look, “Sorry if this ruined your plans with Cas.”
“I found him.” Cas replied, attempting to stand but finding that his left arm was useless, the shoulder having been the joint dislocated on impact with the wall. Jack was once again at his side, helping him up along with Sam. When he held up a hand to heal, Cas pushed it away with a shake of his head. “Save your strength.” He ordered, before nodding to Sam to take care of his shoulder.
Dean hated himself when his own angry voice echoed those same words back in his mind, harsh and spiteful. Cas’s eyes were glossy with unshed tears, just as they had been back in Hannah’s office, but this time when he met Dean’s eyes, it felt as though the air had been kicked from his lungs. He hadn’t seen the angel look so lost and afraid since Dean had turned him away from the bunker. Dean suddenly felt an overwhelming need to pull him close, to wrap him up and keep him safe but he violently squashed the impulse--now was not the time for that nonsense--instead managing to simply lay a hand over his shoulder in what he hoped was a gesture of reassurance
Castiel burst into the bathroom with an expression that could only be described as pure panic etched across his face. There was scarcely a moment of eye contact shared between them before the angel was on him in two long strides, his hands on the hunter’s face, cradling it between his palms.
The small shock of pain up his leg reminded him of a nasty bee sting, but it wasn’t anything he couldn’t handle. A small sad smile tugged at the corner of his mouth as he deposited the medkit on the counter. He could practically hear Cas’s exasperated lecture; something along the lines of being stubborn for enduring trivial pain.
“Yes,” Cas told him, giving the hunter a once over that he didn't notice. “Though not the infamous ‘tree of good and evil’ section. That is quartered off.”
The words were woven into the torrent of water and slithered across his skin with the steam.
“Is this...?” Dean heard himself asking, heat flushing over his cheeks at the raw wonder he could pick out in his own voice.
“False indication.” The angel replied, “Lead him to believe I am near but in the wrong location. He is possessive, he wants Dean for himself, and he will not tolerate me being near, even remotely. He will go to the location you pray to if he suspects I am a threat--”
“Stay here,” Evan told his charges, “I’ll go see what in the world just happened.”
He felt like he needed to fight or--NOPE. He cut that thought off at the knees before it could even fully form.
A tense silence stretched out between them while Dean floundered with his words.
Ironically, it had been all the personal effects they had slathered in lamb's blood at their fake altar before they ‘drank the kool-aid’ so to speak; a few gothic-looking pieces of jewelry, some creepy black and white photos, a copy of Catcher in the Rye…It would have been darkly comical if the reality hadn’t been so sad: they were just bored depressed kids looking for meaning and purpose. When the hunters had finally slumped into the car, more than ready to head back to the motel, it was just rounding 2 PM and the air between them was heavy and solemn. None of the spirits had been older than Jack; well, at least no older than he physically appeared to be. It was a sobering thought that made them both feel protective, especially considering Jack’s own search for purpose.
Castiel's back went stiff, no doubt recognizing his own written words thrown back at him. His head crooked to the side, not quite looking back over his shoulder. Again, he appeared as though he wanted to argue, but thought better of it.
“We’re listening,” Sam remarked.
Sam's brow shot up into his hairline, "Oh yeah? And when exactly were you going to share that with the class?!” He hissed.
“That really isn’t necessary--”
The Mark prickled to life, making him see red.
She also described him wearing a bike helmet and black leather, which was corroborated by the video footage. But then…” He trailed off briefly, like he was preparing himself for what he was about to say. When he finally spoke again, Sam could tell he was trying to remain neutral despite his own skepticism. “She said he was an ‘angel of death’. Wouldn’t stop ranting about seeing black wings and holy light. Then she claimed she saw his eyes ‘flash ghost white’ right before all the glass and equipment exploded.”
It was enough to bring him out of it.
if he catches on that you’re alive because you’re zapping us around the country.
Normally the rapid-fire questions would have grated at his nerves, but this time they were making Dean’s head feel a little light and warm. Cas was clearly worried about him. It had been so long since either of them had felt anything other than animosity or disappointment with one another that he’d be lying if he said it wasn’t kind of...nice.
After a moment, the angel turned his face away from the Dean’s body without breaking contact with his hip, his cheek warm against the top of his thigh. Dean’s heart thundered behind his ribs but he was too stunned by the bizarre turn of events to react.
Inside directly across from the main entrance was a clerical window situated next to a mag lock security door. A bored looking young woman with too much eyeliner sat slumped over a magazine loudly chewing gum. She didn't greet them or even lift her head as they approached and Sam suddenly felt a little more appreciation for Evan's enthusiasm.
Fun fact; the first scene where Cas wakes up hanging in chains and interacts with the angels and the creature is the very first scene I wrote for this fic way back when I was just messing around with possible case fic plot points. The story has changed and evolved exponentially since then but I am so glad I got to keep that original scene!
Steam slid enticingly down the small of his back like the hot breath of a lover. The temperature of the water rose once again, the bite of it licking at his heels and calves. More steam rose in rolling clouds, curling up around his thighs and over the lobes of his ass, clinging to him and the glass until the world around him was completely obscured.
The room was cabin-like, the floor, the walls, even the bed frame all rich aged wood while directly across from him a small fireplace stood out in slate grey cobblestone. All the materials inside were matched in rich cool palettes that fit the misty coniferous scenery outside the window.
“Because I don’t want you to be next, alright?!” Dean bellowed without thinking, the swell of accompanying emotion in his chest so powerful it was on par with the sensations he’d experienced in Heaven and for one surreal second it was as though they had switched places and Cas was the one seemingly overwhelmed, his expression one of shocked awe. Dean took advantage of the distraction and leaned just a bit into the angel’s personal space, twisting his fingers into the sleeve of his trench coat. In a low, urgent tone he continued, “Look, the only thing we know about this son of a bitch is that it preys on angels! So sue me if I think maybe we should take our only angel to a safe place while we regroup and figure this shit out!”
For one, earth shattering moment, the insatiable
Dean had almost kissed him
“Sorry I keep bringing him up,” Dean muttered, inspecting the surrounding area to hide his internal struggle. He
Castiel looked directly into his face then, his expression deeply sorrowful but also profoundly hopeful.
“Hello, Dean.”
“Be vigilant brother.” Harut warned with a grim glint in his eyes, though his face remained devoid of emotion.
With his mind comfortably hazy, Dean wasn’t aware his thoughts had shifted until they stir up an image of Castiel stretched lazily across the back seat, propped up against his own bundled up trench coat, tie loose and shirt cuffs folded and pushed up his forearms in an attempt to relieve the humidity. Another easy smile bows Dean’s lips, this one crinkling at the corners of his eyes, leaving his brows wistfully lax. He knew the angel didn’t require it, but it didn’t stop his brain from conjuring up this vision of his sleep softened edges to replace his typical stoney seriousness.
“You and me both.” Sam replied good naturedly before they both took a seat.
The sound was unmistakably masculine; deep and rich and...familiar.
“No need to be so nervous.” Sam assured him, feeling a bit awkward as he added what he hoped was a firm, “Speak freely.”
“I--” Dean began, but thought better of an honest explanation. Then as if just realizing their proximity, he turned his head away, out of the angel’s hands, a blush climbing up his neck despite himself. Castiel’s dislodged hands fell back to his sides, but he didn’t back away, remaining within a foot of the hunter.
The voice was a familiar one and he tried to focus on it. He felt gentle fingers thread through the cropped hair above his left ear before his body jerked involuntarily away as sharp pain spidered out from his temple. It was quickly chased away by the hot-cold sensation of grace and Dean’s face contorted as the angelic energy began knitting the split skin back together.
“The bells too.” Dean interjected airily, “The bells felt like fingers on my--” He stopped short, his jaw audibly clicking shut before he could say
“Uh…” Sam started lamely. “...you believe us?”
Drawn inexplicably to the energy radiating off the door, Dean set the lamp astride the nearest box and reached for the knob as though it would open despite all the hardware keeping it closed.
“No” Cas ground out bitterly, his hands hanging between his knees fisting tightly in frustration. “I don’t like this. I should be out there searching.”
Now that he was vertical, Dean cautiously made his way over to the window, drawing the sheer curtains back to better assess the area outside. If he hadn’t been so amped up on not knowing where he was, the sight would have been beautiful; a mountainous coniferous landscape laden with heavy mist. Even the rolling grey sky above didn’t seem to diminish the view. It was so close to peaceful Dean toyed with the notion that he’d been sucked into another Jinn induced fantasy.
Dean’s heart began to beat a little faster as various nuanced details began to jump out at him. The Cas depicted here was absent his trademark trench coat and was instead dressed in a casual denim button up that complimented his eyes and accented the broadness of his shoulders. The pair were seated so close it was impossible not to notice it. Dean couldn’t see below the table but he could easily imagine they were sitting thigh to thigh.
Sam’s gaze bounced between them before he finally lowered the phone and flipped it shut. He raked his hand down his face, and scrubbed at his eyes in an attempt to clear his head, but it was like he was doused in a fog.
“His research?” Jack asked curiously.
Had he not been caught so off guard by the sudden and completely uncharacteristic vulnerability in his friend, Dean would definitely have been panicking over their too intimate proximity, the warm breath on his neck, the heavy body in his arms, but at least for the moment, his worry outweighed his insecurity while he held his friend up. Dean gingerly murmured the angel’s name close enough that the black hair curling over his ear brushed faintly at his lips.
“I--” Cas faltered,  caught off guard by the direct question. He felt sudden sympathy for Evan over Jack’s earlier exclamation about his attraction to this girl. Apprehension flared low in the pit of his belly. He knew she would catch a lie in an instant, but setting that aside, he found that he didn’t
Dean’s eyes kept coming back to the scars. “Who are you?” he growled low, needing information but not willing to give an inch.
and my own
Just then, a sharp knock at the door broke their touching moment. The pair exchanged mutual looks of apprehension before Sam carefully and quietly made his way over to the door to peer out the peephole.
Lost in his own head, he didn’t notice Castiel’s measured approach until the backs of strong fingers caressed over his arm where it was crossed over his chest. The touch was gentle, meant to draw his attention but he jerked away regardless, dropping his hands down to grip the edge of the work bench.
It took only a moment to fully heal, but Castiel's hand remained on him, sliding up just a touch over the juncture between his shoulder and neck, his thumb tracing absently over his clavicle.
feelings. But that couldn’t be possible…
Castiel’s brow furrowed in concern, “I said I had given up hope on finding you again.”
The angel went rigid beneath the lean body, the muscle in his jaw jumping under the hand which caressed it in a mockery of tenderness. A dark smirk full of sharp teeth and lethal intent split across the apparition’s face like a wound.
Thank you to everyone who forgave my trickery and gave some love to my artwork in the previous chapter! Along with this REAL update, I am also adding some artwork to PART 2, so please check it out once you finish with this new bit!
"Whatever," Dean grunted over his shoulder as he stalked away. He tried not to think about the cases they'd worked where Sam had said those exact words to people who would never see their loved ones again.
Its familiar weight in his hands was a small comfort. As he made his way back to the kitchen, he paused only briefly outside the study room door, still cracked open from his earlier intrusion, before deciding to dart back in. Once inside, it was two long strides to the desk where he snatched up the tome from the desk and then bolted with it. Back in the kitchen, he threw his gathered items into a cloth bag meant for groceries before tearing open a few drawers and cupboards in search, scattering utensils, and other nonconsequential items across the floor in his haste.
“Yes.” He replied simply.
The cool air of the room on his bare skin was a welcome reprieve, but it was nowhere near enough. He glared at the wad of fabric clenched tightly in his hands as if it had been a conspirator in his predicament before chucking it at his dresser where it hit the wood with a muffled thwap only to land in a heap on the floor.
“Please excuse my candor, Miss Ivanovna,” Cas finally broke the silence, the authoritative depth of his voice once again commanding everyone’s attention. “But we need to speak to your mother about the homicide she witnessed in the early morning yesterday.”
Dean was so far gone in his own head that he hadn‘t noticed his companions come to a halt until he collided solidly with Castiel’s side. His brother and all three angels gave him identical strange looks as he scrambled back with a stammered, “Sorry Cas.”
Dean instantly recalled the intense boom that had resonated through his chest like the aftershock of a massive firework, followed by the echo of prickling apprehension that made the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end accompanied by the thought;
After the deed was done, a quick once over revealed the wound itself was just a small slice that began in the meat of his heel and curved up just slightly over the inner side arch of his foot. It wasn’t deep enough to require stitches but he was sure he’d be walking funny for a day or two while it healed.
Dean squashed down the flare of bitter disappointment and a second later was slamming the door closed behind him with enough force the impact left his hand tingling and then he was back out in the infinite hallway, seething and alone.
“Yes.”
He couldn’t help the sad little twist at the corner of his mouth. Jody never failed to see straight through his bullshit. Everyone seemed to be doing that lately; he was losing his touch.
“I’m at your service, Agent.”
Then something strange happened.
Another rumble of thunder caught Dean’s attention and he glanced up to look out the windows on the far side of the kitchen to discover that it had started raining. Thick drops pelted the windows in heavy sheets almost loud enough to drown out the alarm bell going off in his head.
With a brief glance at one another, the brothers inhaled deeply, before stepping through the portal together.
"Woah." Dean used his less greasy hand to scroll down the screen a bit and pressed play on the accompanying video. "Looks like they have what was left of the video up here, take a look."
“Oh right, uh--” He began lamely before finishing in a rush. “I felt like a dick for earlier so I made you a midnight snack.”
A brief glance around made him aware of three identical heated glares burning into him from the other three angels in the room. Though the hunter could have given a rat’s ass about them, he did feel a deep pang of guilt and shame for going off like that in front of Cas. He hadn’t been thinking, as per usual. Cas was still an angel, and he was obviously hugely affected by whatever was going on here, but that was the entire reason Dean felt so strongly about it in the first place. Whatever this thing was, angels were its main targets which meant that any one of them could be next, including Cas. The mere thought of it was enough to get Dean’s blood boiling again, but instead of spinning out at the stupid angel’s and their stupid excuses and half-truths again, he abruptly turned and made for the door.
“Hello, uh, Miss Ivanovna?” Sam greeted her, reaching inside his jacket for his badge, but she lifted a hand to stop him.
After a final slow inhale, Castiel straightened up and turned slowly to address the distressed hunter behind him.
It was beautiful.
This wasn’t real.
“I’m sorry.” The angel apologized quickly. “I know how much you hate it, but please understand I simply want to make sure that you’re alright.”
The well lit interior reminded him of the garage in the bunker though it was considerably smaller. He had only a moment to glance over the two stall spots, one of which contained a familiar car shape beneath a black sheet, before his eyes fell on Castiel’s back where he was crouching several feet in front of the stairs near the back tire of a sleek black motorcycle.
Cas blinked in surprise, “You knew…?”
Dean gave him a small smile and a nod before they each took up their respective halves. They chewed in silence for a moment before Castiel once again spoke first.
“You’ve said something similar before.”
His reflection in the mirror wavered like rippling water before it dissipated completely, replaced by the image of a fire lit bedroom. Leaning further against the counter, the angel’s eyes instantly found the hunter on the bed in the middle of the image, sleeping soundly and seemingly unharmed. He breathed a sigh of relief at this small mercy before confusion filled him.
"My apologies," he spoke over his shoulder, sounding legitimately contrite.
“He does, but doesn’t appear to be threatened.” Cas replied gruffly, cradling his left arm over his chest to keep it immobile. “He told me to ‘Give up’ because Dean was ‘his’.”
“Do you have anything else?” Sam asked earnestly, and Dean could tell he was trying to keep his voice even so as not to alarm her.
“I’m fine.” Dean bit back.
? You can’t just--”
The silence after the final outburst was heavy while Sam stared at his brother, completely taken aback, but before he had a chance to say anything, Dean was already stalking around the driver's side. He wrenched the door open without another word and practically threw himself inside. Sam stood stupified for another moment before climbing in shotgun. He set his case gingerly down by his feet for easy access, carefully quiet while the impala rumbled to life and Dean was made a three-point turn before driving out onto the gravel road. The silence between them was uncomfortably tense. Dean’s hands gripped the steering wheel so tightly it must have hurt his knuckles, but Sam decided that mentioning this was probably not the wisest. Instead, he just leaned back in his seat and stared out the window.
Sorry for the delay everyone! This week has taken me out at the knees but I'm slowly getting back into the swing of it. I wanted to thank everyone who has left a kudos or commented, or even just taken the time to read, you guys are awesome! I don't think my writing has ever received so much attention and it is endlessly inspiring! This chapter is the last of my stock chapters, so the next update might take a little longer than a week, but it is taking form! Enjoy!
He couldn’t stop.
“I should be grateful that you’d wish to get straight to business,” Hannah replied curtly, though whether she was simply unphased by Dean's aggression or wisely complicate in the face of it, was a mystery.  She took her seat without further delay. “Very well. I’ve asked the three of you here because there have been a string of disappearances over the last four days, and we have not been able to discover why or how it’s been happening despite our best efforts.”
“It’s a lot to explain but the short version is; Me, Dean and Cas were already consulting on a missing angel case but...but it turned belly up and Cas--” He paused to swallow back the lump of emotion climbing up his throat. “Cas is missing now too, and we were pulling our hair out trying to dig up some leads until you called.”
The demon’s other hand slid down his tie and disappeared between them, slipping beneath the waistband of the angel’s jeans. The fingers fit around him the length of him with the ease of muscle memory and Castiel gasped, his eyes falling closed until a painfully tight squeeze around the sensitive flesh jolted them back open.
Once again, Sam and Cas exchanged looks before he replied. “Because the angel we are searching for, who took my friend and killed your kin...he shares my face.”
Without much further ado, Castiel stepped away from the brothers toward the sandbox where the portal’s sigil seemed to react to his presence, sparking to life in a dazzling swirl of white sand and brilliant heavenly light, but hesitated with one foot on the wooden border. He turned briefly to regard the brothers over his shoulder, casting them a tight rueful expression.
The earlier heat bubbled weakly under his skin but he tamped it back down. He was just checking in on the hunter, the same as he had done with Sam. That was all.
At Sam’s questioning tone, Evan shot him something like a look of foreboding that made the hunter slightly apprehensive.
“I was wondering when I would see one of you boys down here.”
“Yes, hello Sonia.” Jack greeted in kind, “I understand now why Officer Adams is so interested in you. You’re very pretty.”
Castiel was on him a moment later, tears already falling, and the frantically whispered litany of, “No no no no no no,” under his breath.
It was no secret that Dean wasn’t exactly Hannah’s biggest fan, but he did feel guilty about the escalation and he wasn’t about to let Sam go on thinking it had just been him throwing his ego around to try and get a rise out of a few angels. He told him as much.
The vivid image of Cas stumbling into the hallway covered in that yellow toxic sludge flashed across his mind and his hands unconsciously twisted into fists in response.
Castiel slumped forward, his forehead pressing heavily against Dean’s shoulder but his stunned brain barely registered the hunter’s arms around him. His head swam with a sudden rush of dizziness, while the unpleasant sensation of nausea churned in his stomach. He squeezed his eyes shut, turning his face just slightly inward toward the crook of Dean’s neck, inhaling the hunter’s familiar scent with slow deep breaths to ground himself.
“No!” Sam was quick to correct him but he doubted very much the truth would calm him the slightest. “Like...from other realities.”
Dean couldn’t help the blush that crept over his face at the descriptive choices. “There--it--I saw  some kind of weird shiny smoke one my way here and it
The hunter’s head snapped to the side when his brother’s voice reached his ears. Without preamble, Dean shook off the prickle of apprehension that had seized him and withdrew his hand from the coin. With his attention elsewhere, the sensation dulled to a faint hum and he finally made a move to follow after his companions, trotting down the hall to make up for his delay.
Dean shoved himself off the counter without a backward glance, shuffling awkwardly as he lifted his arms up to claw at the damp shirt on his back, dragging it over his head and tossing it haphazardly aside as sweat once again began to bead at his temples.
Despite numerous assurances from both her daughter and officer Adams, Katerina Ivanovna refused to speak with Castiel present and demanded that he leave her property, so the angel had made the executive decision to wait by the car while Sam and Jack spoke to her.
The echo of Dean’s own accusation rang in his words, and in the darker recesses of his mind where all the shadows of his past lingered, it taunted him with his many failures.
“With your Dean?” Dean finished for him, “Sounds like me. I’d never trade in my Baby, but I’d definitely be up for a side bike if the opportunity presented itself. He help you fix it up too?”
“Whatever.”
Halfway through the song, Dean's eye slid over to his snoozing brother after a particularly loud snore drew his attention, silently amused by the general dishevelment that came along with sleeping in moving vehicles. His shoulders were drawn up close to his ears. His arms were snuggly crossed with his head lulled to the side and propped against his own discarded canvas coat where it was wedged snuggly between the headrest and the door panel. The majority of his stupid long hair was tucked behind the side of his face smooshed against the makeshift pillow, but a fair bit of wind loosened locks billowed endearingly around the open window.
The angel was trembling beneath his hands, his face pressed into the hunter’s hip with one hand holding the rag against his waist line where the majority of the coffee had splashed him and the other balled tightly into the fabric on the back of his shirt. His grip at once held him closer and kept him from backing away.
When Dean came back to himself, he followed Sam’s pointed look to find Cas glaring at the floor, his fists shaking with the effort to remain in control of himself, his cerulean eyes glossy with angry tears. A sharp, pitchy crackling like splintering glass filled the hunter’s senses, prickling painfully under his skin and behind his eyes.
The water cascading around him began to run cooler and lighter before shutting itself off altogether, leaving him kneeling and dripping and trembling on the slick tile floor. The stark silence left in the wake of the water was deafening, interrupted only by Dean’s own uneven breathing.
Cas shot the older hunter a disgusted look, his nose scrunching up at that very idea but it soon gave way to something like exasperation. “You’re both lower dimensional beings that were just rapidly transported to a higher dimensional realm at the speed of light.” The angel informed them calmly as if it should have been the most obvious thing in the world. “The fact that you’re still whole on an atomic level is...impressive. Those coins are very powerful.”
His fist tightened around the blade until his knuckles turned white.
Sam remained resolutely silent during the exchange despite his increasing duress.
There had to be some information to dig up somewhere. Maybe he could get the guy to tell him their general location, that would be a start. If he could get that out of him, then all he had to do was find a phone or a computer, hell he’d settle for writing a fucking letter if it meant he could get a hold of Sam or Cas.
“Cas…?” Jack began in a low voice so as not to alert Sam or the others. “When you saw Dean was he--is he okay?”
A blush darkened Cas’s face at the turn of phrase. “Dean is not mine. He doesn’t belong to anyone.”
He was in an unfamiliar location without a weapon.
It had looked to Dean as though the men who built the place had been trying to cover all their bases, just in case.
Cas growled, clearly frustrated.
“Mrs. Ivanovna is a soft spoken lady. Kind, but easily overwhelmed. Sonia spent nearly the entire time the authorities were there consoling her. Unfortunately she’s the only one who saw the killer’s face. Sonia will likely be the one you talk to when you go over there. She's sharper than she looks so don't treat her like she's made of glass."
“Cas, that you?” He muttered groggily, scrubbing the sleep out of his eyes.
look at him and for the first time he took in his entire appearance in the full light of day. It was unsettling how...how
“Yes.” The angel replied confidently, stepping over the glass to exit the bathroom. Sonia and Evan moved aside to let him pass while Sam and Jack followed him out. “He’s in the Black Hills of South Dakota in a cabin at the northernmost edge of a large isolated lake with no civilization in any direction for at least 20 miles.”
"You know!" Dean accused, taking a menacing step toward the angel despite the display of power, all pretense of the game flying out the window. “You know that he’s still here!”
Before they knew it, young Sonia Ivanovna was upon them, her pretty face drawn in suspicion and scrutiny.
At the far end of the office opposite them, Hannah, who had stood in greeting upon their entrance, now gestured to the three identical white chairs in front of her desk. Cas took the far left seat, Sam the far right, which left Dean to suffer the center, facing Hannah directly. He made a valiant attempt, he really did, to keep the scowl off his face, but judging by the flicker of impatience on her own, he hadn’t succeeded.
“Sure thing Jody.” Dean agreed, “Now you were saying you wanted to run something by us? You got a case?”
Dean’s eyes flashed down to the angel’s lips, and Cas watched them with wonder, meeting them head-on when they swiveled back up, ocean blue crashing against lush earthy green. There was an eternity then where Cas could only hear his own heart beating impossibly loud and he wondered briefly if Dean, with his newly enhanced perception, could hear it as well.
It felt inappropriate, and not in the fun kind of way it usually would if he were going to sneak in a quick jerk under the radar, but it was the intensity of it that truly alarmed him. In an attempt to curb the sudden heat in his skin, Dean stepped out from beneath the spray of the water and leaned his shoulders and upper back against the cool glass of the shower wall, his skin smearing away any evidence of the handprints.
“Dean!” The younger hunter called urgently, “What happened?! Dean!”
If you follow my works here, you'll know I have been consumed by a recently created spn AU but I had a stroke of inspiration the other day and was able to FINALLY END THIS CHAPTER with some semblance of sense! Thank you everyone for your patience and I hope you enjoy it!!!
Her demeanor had completely shifted, her hand coming to rest comfortingly on Cas’s forearm just as she had done with Evan. “Успокой свою бурю, Сын Божий (Calm your storm, Son of God.).” She murmured with a sad smile. “Ваша любовь с осветит путь обратно к нему (Your love will light the way back to him.).”
The partial shout had woke Dean first, but it was the crash of something in his room that propelled him into a sitting position, the gun under his pillow drawn and aimed in the dark but he froze instantly in terror at the sight of the creature hovering over his bed.
No no no no no no.
"I get it." He said simply before adding. "I'm sorry Cas, it’s just..."
Dean gave a low whistle; he'd never stray from his baby, but that was a nice ass bike. “Woah, hold up. What do you mean ‘salvaged’?”
The moment his palm made contact, he was rooted to the damn thing like a live wire.
Cas mirrored the motion, “As I suspected. It seems that all we’ve been able to discern is that whatever this creature is, it is uniquely specialized for preying on angels."
"I know you're worried.” Sam continued a bit softer, “I am too, but Dean’s a fighter. You know he’s not going to take this quietly. He’s probably giving this other you all sorts of hell.”
This Dean was the first he’d found whose soul glittered with the same brilliant greens and golds he’d come to know so well and he greedily drank in the sight of it. He was even bold enough to reach out a small tendril of grace, brushing up against a lazy golden flare arching out from the hunter's soul. He let out a shaky breath as it responded to him, twining around and fitting with his grace like an old glove.
“What the hell Dean?!” He squawked indignantly, voice still rough with sleep.
Castiel tossed him a curious look, “Why?”
Setting his time in hell aside, the fallout after Dean had received the Mark had been the darkest time in his life. The insatiable itch to kill, the uncontrollable rage, and later the twisting of his soul into something vile and demonic were all traumas he relieved in his nightmares to this day.  Perhaps the most damning though,  something had never and would never reveal, was that in the deep dark shameful corners of his soul, he could still feel an ache for the freedom he’d experienced when he’d finally given in to it. Freedom from not only the typical burden of human and hunter existence but also from himself; from his guilt and his fear and his sorrow.
“Do you want to talk about it?” he asked in a quiet voice because that was what Dean would expect.
“You must be, you haven’t eaten recently,” Castiel muttered absently, completely unphased by the sharp edge of the angel blade digging into the skin just under his jaw. “Breakfast will still be warm if you--”
“No, you fucking listen!” Dean spat, jabbing an accusatory finger at the angel. “I found your
Expertly honed instincts alerted Dean to the presence before he was fully conscious, his hand groping blindly for the butt of the gun hidden beneath his pillow when a familiar voice whispered to him through the dark.
“Little town off westbound 26 called Scottsbluff. One of those places you miss if you blink.”
“Neither do I,” Cas confirmed, “Sam you should take the fold out.”
The resulting darkness was pierced only by a final bolt of lightning that streaked across the pitch colored sky. The manager’s face had gone several sickening shades of splotchy purple, while his left eye bulged and swelled crimson in its socket. When the attacker finally released him, the large man hit the floor with a bloody squelching sound, his head lolling to one side at an unnatural angle.
When Dean finally willed his eyes open, a blurry but familiar face was hovering above his own. The hunter blinked hard several times to clear his vision. It felt like he’d just gone through the human equivalent of a hard reset. His hand came up automatically to inspect his head where he’d been injured when his fingers brushed over the ones still pressed against him.
“They could be lying.” Dean challenged, “To protect their friends. Hell, to cover their own asses.”
With a curt nod, he responded, “I will be in the garage. Come find me when you’re ready.”
“I...uh...I am one.” He replied to which Sonia absolutely beamed.
Dean sipped at his beer as he considered his next words carefully.
Dean glanced down at his half full plate but found that he’d suddenly lost his appetite.
An echo of the heat in the chapel flickered over his nerves causing his own heartbeat to pick up. This was wrong. He knew he should leave, but then Dean growled his name again, distress clear in his tone and the angel’s legs were suddenly moving on their own, not away as he intended but further into the room leaving the door ajar behind him.
Dean grit his teeth. Damn his little brother but the tactic worked as intended. If Dean was honest with himself, he
Kicked out of the library, for the time being, Dean tried to find something useful to do. He avoided his own room and the map room like the plague, the memories and physical evidence of the terrible things that had happened still too fresh to linger in them. Sam had collected some of the toxin to archive and study, but everything it had touched was left scarred. The scenes were otherwise left as they were; devastated and bloody.
Cas could tell his son was trying to put on a strong front but the small crease at his brow was all the indication he needed to understand just how worried he was for the man who was, for all intents and purposes, his other father.
“Damn right!” Dean snapped but it came out far too shaky to be considered angry. He placed his hands on his hips and paced away just a few steps before turning back to Cas and leveling him with an expression of pure apprehension.
Leaning heavily onto his knees, he turned the sheet over in his hands and folded it open toward the light to reveal some sort of a letter whose neat handwriting he recognized easily.
Agitated, Dean opened his eyes to glare at the dark ceiling and sighed long sufferingly. Alright, well, the world hadn’t ended with that tiny bit of honesty with himself so that was a plus. Jesus, introspection was exhausting, but at least he would be able to sleep now...
“Cas,” Dean chided, “We've been over this--”
It was a place deep within the bowels of the bunker seldom traversed by either of the brothers. Though he was fairly certain Sam snuck down there on the rare occasion he took his nose out of the lore, it was Cas who had adopted this place, seeking out its seclusion when he needed a place to contemplate.
"Overwhelming." Cas finished for him. "Your brother is an integral part of our lives. He hasn't been lost in the wind like this since the mark--"
"Let me just stop you right there." Dean interjected around a mouthful of toast. "The alternate universe thing is kinda ‘been there done that’ so you can stow the condescending explanation.”
“Fuck,” He growled as a dull throb of guilt pulsed through his chest at the ominous sight of the Castiel in the image slathered in blood.
What the actual FUCK?!  Had that really just happened? What the fuck were those images?! It had looked and felt so
Lost in the thought, Dean remained oblivious to a pair of handless prints that streaked through the steam coated glass behind him.
“Yeah, ya’think?” Sam snapped barely after the words left his mouth before sighing long-sufferingly and crossing his arms like a disgruntled wife. “They need our help Dean, but more importantly, Cas asked us to help with this. He’s counting on us to do what we do best up here, and you couldn’t put a pause on the posturing for five seconds while we all digested this messed up situation?!”
He turned west onto the main highway and road out of sight.
“Did you mean it?.” The hunter asked, earning him a confused tilt of the angel’s head. “What you said about...love?”
" Cas blessedly prompted.
Urgent footfalls and shouting from outside the door indicated that the other’s had heard the commotion, and then suddenly the bathroom door was being thrown open, Sam’s tall frame taking up the entire doorway while Jack, Evan and Sonia peered in from his flank.
"Wait...what?" Evan squawked, seemingly more taken aback than Sonia about this news. "But--but you had ID!"
“Dean, listen--”
Cas’s only response was a pained grunt from the floor. Something was broken or dislocated, he couldn’t tell which, the pain of it spidering up his back and stealing his breath. The crunch of glass under Sam’s boots was loud in the silence as he made his way over to the angel, Jack at his heels.
“Thank you sir!” Evan responded with a grateful huff of breath. “Please excuse my--uh--nerves. I’m new to the force, just finished my training a few weeks ago. I’d never been in the field before...before--”
Castiel.
“Enochian.” Sam supplied, flashing a confused look at his brother, “Dean, we’ve heard it lots of times.”
in his heart dissipated and it was just them, together again.
The rich aroma of fresh coffee and savory bacon hit him next, making his stomach tense and rumble; when had he eaten last? Sammy must have been up and out already; the kid was a saint. If he were to go on smell alone he could almost believe he was back at the bunker anticipating a full homemade breakfast waiting for him in the kitchen.
Dean was languidly stretched out on his stomach with his arms curled securely around his pillow when he began to make a slow ascent into consciousness, for once too warm and comfortable to rush the process of waking. His senses came back online one at a time and he made a mental note to leave an excellent review for this motel. The mattress, the pillow, even the sheets and comforter, were all softer than he remembered them being before he fell asleep. He emphasised this by hugging the luscious pillow closer and pressing his face further into it.
Another wistful expression passed over Castiel’s face as he replied, “In every single one,” but as he met Dean’s eyes the melancholy lifted and something warm and small and fragile glinted there in the depths of that ocean blue. “Until now.”
Each entry was labeled with a Roman numeral, and there were
“Right.” The younger Winchester quipped, clearly not buying it for a second.
The suggestive lilt in it’s voice made his stomach flip, but he didn’t acknowledge the words as he passed by the couch to feed the dying fire with another log. A prickling heat at the back of his neck signaled the sickening brush of apparition’s fingers, but the angel anticipated it and skirted out of the way before it could touch him. Wheeling back around, he took it’s spot and sunk down onto the plush couch cushion.
“Check this out.” She commented with a note of giddiness as she reached her own gloved hands toward the cadaver’s chin. With little effort due to the state of Hishov’s neck, she was able to tilt his head back to reveal what Sam recognized instantly as the burn mark Briggs had mentioned. His eyes widened as he took in the shape.
“What?” Dean said a bit loudly for their proximity, his ears suddenly ringing.
Over the hood, on the porch, he could see Sophia and Evan growing more restless the longer they remained separated. Bolting mid conversation was, at the very least, incredibly rude but the darkening expression in Sonia's face made Sam's stomach twist into knots. Her mother already had the wrong impression of Cas and all it would take was a phone call on Evan's part to figure out they weren't real feds.
“Weak.” The bearded angel scoffed in a grating baritone.
“Every reality is different. I have been to some in which the bike doesn’t exist at all for one reason or another.”
A single nod from Harut assured Castiel that they were in understanding. “It would seem that this mystery is full of impossibilities.”
Whatever this was, he seemed to be the only one able to hear or feel it. Sam had admittedly not heard the buzzing or ringing in the hallway, and if the other angels heard the duel tone, or felt the charged air, they had given no indication. Maybe it was a common angel thing and they were all so used to it they didn’t bother reacting to it. Even Cas himself hadn’t acknowledged it beyond the vague recount of some weird mojo bleeding through a magical holy language.
“Thank you.” He said just as quietly into the space between them.
“Dean, close your eyes!” Came a choking rasp of a shout in the dark before light began to emanate from near his dresser. He recognized the voice instantly and immediately turned his face away to shield his eyes as the room suddenly burst into a blinding array of white light.
Sam gave the kid a tight lipped nod before watching him flit off further into the station. All around him pairs of seasoned eyes cautiously scrutinized him until a small commotion from the back of the station drew everyone’s attention, including Sam’s.
“That!” Dean barked back, gesturing at him with the tip of the blade, “Don’t act like him!”
Dean was sprawled across his bed on his stomach clad in just his boxers with one arm curled around his pillow where his face was buried. He too was snoring softly.
“You took less time than I was anticipating.” He said easily, straightening up on one knee and half turning with an oil splotched towel in hand, whipping the worst of the dark tinted grease from his hands as he stood to give the hunter his full attention.
It felt strange and invasive and he couldn’t help the sense of foreboding that washed over him like ice water.
That seemed to be enough to open the flood gates.
"So can you, like, leave?" Dean prompted awkwardly, shifting his weight from one foot to the other. “I’m not going to ‘attempt to flee’ through the pipes or something.”
Dean crossed his arms and observed the angel as he spoke, nodding along in agreement, “Makes sense then why she got so defensive when I suggested the possibility of deserters.”
know.
“No,”Jack interjected. “I don’t know which one, but I’m certain it was an angel. My grandfather would have left a much different, and much more powerful energy signature.”
He was cornered and he knew it.
It explained with cruel amusement.
When he finally blinked open his eyes two things hit him in quick succession. First; surprise. He was staring at a stark white wall slotted with a row of equally stark white doors sporting golden numbers. They lined both sides of the hall as far as his eyes could see. Second; panic. He hadn’t caught sight of Sam or Cas immediately and for one long agonizing second, he thought he might have actually died from a dysfunctional magic coin. Heart racing, Dean’s attention darted around frantically before he finally turned around only to discover Cas standing directly behind him. Face to face with only a scant few inches separating them, Dean could count the shades of blue in his eyes...had there always been so many?
With a steadying breath, he continued. “He had become afflicted with a nightmarish curse, the first and strongest of its ilk. For a time, he was strong, resisted its monstrous will but…it’s a cunning despicable thing. It found ways to make him act without his knowledge. I tried to...make it easier. I built this house for him, away from the rest of the world, to keep him safe, but even out here it found ways to torment him. Dean was indeed a strong man, the strongest I have ever known, but it had only been a question of time until he was consumed by the same darkness I had pried him from in the beginning.”
“Don’t be a baby Dean.” Sam quipped, he nudged his brother reassuringly with his shoulder.
A red flag went up in Dean’s head and he met Sam’s eyes over the phone as he asked, “How many we talkin’ here Jody?”
What should he do? What
“Yes.” Cas affirmed too loudly for the small space, not wanting to hear the words spoken aloud. He didn’t dare look anyone in the face lest they see the extent of how much it affected him not because he couldn’t understand it, but because he
“You don’t believe that.” The angel told him, still holding the blade as he calmly lowered his hands back to his sides. When he began a measured approach, Dean felt the same feather light caress against the edges of his consciousness as he had upon waking, but this time he recognized it for exactly what it was.
Castiel’s entire body tensed but he didn’t respond to the insidious voice. The lights in the room flickered violently as a possessive protectiveness flared in him so sharply he had to focus his breathing to keep himself calm, unwilling to risk hurting Dean again.
As he reprimanded himself, his eyes were drawn to more movement by the door. The two shadows were moving away. It wasn’t particularly unusual for Cas to be roaming the hallways at this hour, though Dean had been sure the angel would have at least relaxed into a trance or something after the day they’d had. What did strike him as unusual though was how quiet he was.
“No,” Cas interrupted firmly, “No more powers.”
He squeezed his eyes tightly shut in an attempt to block everything out, but of course, it was to no avail. No matter how he tried to dodge it, everything that had been shoved into the back of his mind for months was now starting to crash down around him. This missing-angel case was a catalyst, shoving the truth in his face with every new revelation. They needed to connect all these grisly clues to move forward, but right now they had nothing, they knew nothing. Then having more angels disappear right out from under them…
“Where did they go?” He barked, sharp and venomous. Somewhere a piece of glass shattered.
The men who had built the bunker had been smart about its construction. They had made it completely self-sustaining in almost every way, from the magical energy source powering all of the circuitry, to the equally magical warding that kept them invisible and safe from every known baddie in the books. So it hadn’t been a surprise to find the underground grotto during their initial exploration of the Bunker.
“You boys move quick.” Briggs observed, but didn’t linger on it. Instead he reached for his desk phone, brought the receiver to his ear, and pressed the call button. “Evan? Get a squad car around to take Agent Scholtz over to the coroner's office. Asap.”
“You knew.” He said softly, barely above a whisper. “You knew without a word, but he doesn’t know.”
An unexpected wave of heat rolled over him at the implications of that, followed promptly by a sharp stab of shame. He bit his lip against the knee jerk response to the thoughts but instead of pushing them away as he had so many times before, he allowed himself to rifle through them. He meandered from image to image until he hovered shyly around the intense memory of their ‘almost kiss’, never looking at it directly as a whole, but recalling the sensations one at a time.
--” He gestured vaguely toward the exit to indicate the scene at the park, “--it was way to close a call. Now, I’m sorry that we couldn’t help those kids, alright? But I’m not sorry you weren’t put in that things path. We’ve got better odds in figuring this out with you than without you. If you really want to help them, and I know you do, the best thing we can do--all of us-- is play this smart and safe. That means no flying off without a plan, no guesswork, no self-sacrifice; none of that shit has worked out in the passed. Are you with me?”
A figure dressed in black entered the image from the left, stepping carefully and with purpose until he stood directly at Cas’s eye level, blocking the sleeping hunter from view. Had there not been so many minor differences Cas could have sworn he was simply looking into the mirror instead of another place.
“Dean, can you hear me?!”
His mind was full of groping hands and plaintive moans; he could practically feel large searching hands sliding down over his ribs, his abs and stomach until the teasing touch of fingers around his cock made him gasp aloud.
By the time they hit the highway, Sam had nodded off against the window and Dean was pushing Baby up over ninety. Though he was tired, his attention never wavered from the path his headlights illuminated on the darkened blacktop. It would be just eight measly hours before they arrived and finally got some answers as to what the hell was going on.
“Three days ago, a local business owner by the name of Victor Hishov was found strangled and broken in his motel lobby. He hit the wall so hard it cracked the brick and broke his back and that’s not even mentioning his neck--”
Someone was standing just outside the door.
Dean made a show of rolling his eyes at his nerd of a brother, but that didn‘t negate the spike of his own curiosity. The image of Cas dressed up in a long black trench coat with equally black sunglasses flashed across his mind before he shook it away.
“If we are to learn anything about what this toxin has to do with our missing brothers and sisters, a criminal’s discomfort is of little consequence.” There was a slight sneer in the angel’s tone as if daring the hunter to challenge him. It worked as intended, igniting the elder Winchester’s outrage to full-blown fury.
A huge thank you to all of you that have been so patiently waiting for this next chapter! I wrote it, then re-wrote it, then deleted it all and re-wrote it again so I hope this final draft will be to your liking. Things will be picking up from here on out so hold on to your pants.
“This is an Enochian shielding spell--a really powerful one.”
He blinked several times allowing his eyes to adjust to the low light, before reaching for the frame and delicately maneuvering it off the shelf so as not to dislodge the other contents. Once free, he stepped forward more into the light of the nook’s window and examined the photograph, his eyes widening as he took in the image.
The space had all the makings of luxury and comfort but Dean felt nothing but the chill of disuse. It felt more like a temple than a bedroom, preserved in time in the way of grieving loved ones. He made a slow circle, his eyes skimming over the surfaces and walls devoid of personal effects or picture frames, the empty spots where they might have once stood or hung glaring and stark. Despite how uncomfortable that made him feel, he set his jaw and made for the door nearest the reading nook.
“Surely it will be worth the risk?” Sonia chimed in, “and perhaps if you’re quick enough the magic will not alert the angel?”
The only sound in the aftermath was Dean’s own ragged breath. For a long moment, all he could do was sit in shock, feeling sick over how the kiss had affected him despite it being the perfect distraction. He allowed that train of thought to last all of a second before suddenly moving to action, scrubbing his sleeve over his mouth as if he could erase the evidence of it.
The trio piled back into the impala while Evan got back behind the wheel of his squad car, and they were off once again.
Thankfully Sam spoke up before Dean had a chance to get any more frustrated with the amount of energy he was wasting on trying to understand what the angel was telling him.
The words only proved to make it worse, but Sam’s hold was like iron. Dean tore at his brother's shirt, at once pulling him in and trying to shove him off. It took a few frantic minutes but eventually, the older hunter relented, slumping against his little brother as his knees finally gave out.
“Hey, hey it's alright." He soothed warily, awkwardly patting the angel's shoulders despite himself. "It's just coffee--" Then, something unsettling struck him. Very slowly, Dean pushed at the angel's shoulders until he knelt back on his heels, peering up at the hunter with tear tracks lining his face.
His eyes were still blue, but they were darker and held within them the unhinged wildness of raw emotion; a perfect storm in the distance.
He turned slowly, gaze falling onto a small silver standing picture frame tucked back behind a beautifully hand carved statuette and incense dish. Now that he thought about it, it was the first photograph he’d seen in the entire house.
Dean lifted his face toward the ceiling, letting the water wash over his face and hair, his expression screwed up into something like disgust. It felt like a betrayal no matter what he told himself but he couldn’t sit around and do nothing either.
The angel winced at the platonic term of address, lifting his gaze back up just as the heavy doors swung shut.
Sam couldn’t argue with that, but it didn’t help to calm his nerves.
Evan straightened up, clearly responding to Castiel’s command. “Yessir,” He stated, “I’ll lead the way.”
“Do you know what the hell that was about?” Sam inquired urgently in a low voice.
The rational part of Dean’s brain knew that when Cas said ‘you’ he meant both him and Sam as a unit, but that didn’t stop the heat from rushing to his face. He hid the flush of color by turning away with a scoff, but in his periphery, he could make out the slight movement of the telltale tilt of the angel’s head which indicated he hadn‘t been entirely successful.
“Reorganizing the chaos left up here after...” Cas let the sentence drop off; they both knew what had caused it without needing to talk about it. “...with all of the separate factions vying for power, it would have been difficult for any group of them to take the reins, let alone a single leader. Hannah, for all you might think of her, has worked miracles up here. If I were to guess, she probably didn’t want to admit to herself or anyone else that she didn’t have a handle on this situation."
With his face burning, Dean hopped up from the bench with no other obvious reason than to escape their proximity. He tried to cover this by stretching his back and rolling his shoulders, but as he turned back to face his friend he knew it was a transparent attempt.
“Thanks for the ride,” Sam said through a tight lipped smile as he moved to vacate the car. He paused at the nose of the car when Evan moved to follow suit, “Uh...officer?”
“Dean,” He spoke slowly, his eyes never wavering from the hunter’s as though he might disappear the second he looked elsewhere. “You’re alarmed and confused, but you are safe.”
The same sigil they had found in heaven encircled the entire play structure directly in front of them, the liquid grace still glossy and moist. The structure itself was half destroyed, some places bent and broken as if from heavy impact while others appeared melted away to dripping pillars and pools of metal and plastic sludge. Three silver puddles of molten metal caught the light of the single buzzing street lamp.  Several vee’s of toxic spray still wet from discharge arched across the ground; the thing had given chase. All around them, steam still ebbed into the cool night air now stained with the noxious stench of the toxin and the unmistakable scent ozone.
His throat constricted with emotion, but he bit it back harshly.
call. He does what
When he finds Dean bleeding on the floor of the living room, panic, sharp and white-hot, floods his veins.
“Uh, Gretchen?” He tried as delicately as possible, “Would you mind leading the way?”
Sam took his leave of the office, his mind a whirlwind with all the new information he’d become privy to, chiefly; this guy had been to the bunker. It was such a shock that Sam nearly walked face first into the young officer from the service desk as he exited Brigg’s office.
In all the commotion, he’d forgotten to put him under.
The hunter and angel shared a mutually scathing glare before Dean continued.
His breath caught in his throat.
“Dean, your phone.” He groaned into his pillow, still half asleep.
With a frustrated sigh, Cas looked on while Evan revealed the location of his cleaning cabinet before leaving with Jack to get food. When Sam disappeared into the bathroom with the broom and dust pan, Cas was left alone with Sonia who primly perched on the arm rest to his left and gestured to his arm.
Cas demanded.
Some answers as to what had happened to Cas.
At least he’s getting some rest. Sam thought bittersweetly as he stepped silently over the threshold to toss a nearby blanket over his brother.
“Listen Cas,” Dean began a bit helplessly but had to clear his throat against the lump of emotion that had inexplicably crawled up and stuck there before continuing. “It’s been a long day, you know? I’m beat, you're beat; think we can put this on hold until after I catch a few hours?”
“Dean, are you alright?”
“Shut up!” Dean shouted in his face, giving him a light shake. “You can’t just--”
“Alright, take it off, let me see.”
The slim angel peered over at Dean just then, his dark eyes giving the hunter the vague impression of a shark. Somehow though, his expression seemed less predatory and more passively bored. It was his companion who mirrored the hunter’s glare back at him.
“There isn’t!” The older hunter denied, shoving his hands in his pockets as Sam fished their bags out of the trunk. He cast his gaze around the garage to avoid his brother’s eyes, “It’s just this case, you know? It’s a lot.”
“Yes, that Hannah,” Cas affirmed after a moment.
Sam bulked at the statement, “Kansas?”
“Disappearances?” Cas asked leaning forward, clearly not expecting that explanation. “You’re saying that some angels have gone missing?”
Sam’s head shot up, beaming at the kid like he’d said the magic words. “That’s right!”
Another wave of feverish heat flooded through the hunter, contradicting the bizarre apprehension that seized his gut. He’d given that amulet to Cas in this reality as well, but that had been a mechanical necessity. There was something about
A second later he was shouting to alert the hunter to the danger but didn’t make it to the end of his name before a terrible mouth full of needlepoint teeth opened in four horrifying sections and spat some sort of fluid into his face. He stumbled backward, crashing into the dresser on the other side of the room, pain like he’d never felt before searing into his eyes and throat. It not only blinded and gagged him on this physical plane, but it seeped into his grace like an ethereal venom, forcing it to retract into his core. He could only cough fruitlessly and wheeze around the burn.
“The ‘I think there‘s more going on here, let‘s talk about it’ look,” Dean replied.
The younger Winchester was dazed enough not to comment on the name. He squinted in the impossible brightness of the hallway but eventually was able to focus on his brother and Cas. “I think I’m good?” He replied, shaking his head briefly, “Cas was right. It was definitely uncomfortable.”
Then, all at once, the pain dispersed into nothing, and Dean gasped loudly, heaving the first lung full of air that didn't sear his throat along the way. Sam eased back when his brother finally unfurled himself and pushed himself up on shaky arms. Sam laid a tentative hand on his shoulder.
The shouted words “Dean!” and “Wait!” echoed in the hunter’s ears as he rounded the corner back into the dining room, but he didn’t stop. Realizing belatedly that he’d left the candle holder behind, Dean’s eyes darted wildly around for anything else to use as a weapon. He leaped swiftly through the atrium, thundering into the sitting room before skidding to a halt when he caught sight of the back wall.
Sam detected more than a hint of awestruck affection, but he didn’t comment. Instead he asked, “What can you tell me about Mrs. Ivanovna and her daughter’s relationship to Mr. Hishov? Would they have any reason to exaggerate or lie about any of the details they told police?”
“Hungry--?” Dean began incredulously, before grabbing a fistful of his shirt and shifting the blade up to the asshole’s throat. “Listen, I’m done playing nice. Give me some real fucking answers or--”
“What about a Scrying spell?” He suggested, to which Cas paused his nervous pacing across the small living area. A pained expression passed briefly over the hunter’s face before he added, “Rowena used it to find us more times than I can count.”
“Cas!” The younger hunter called out when he couldn’t see the angel immediately.
“Wait...what?”
"Your mistrust isn’t unwarranted." He muttered, not looking up from his task. "I realize multidimensional theory must be a concept difficult to come to terms with--"
It wasn’t long before he was roaming the interior halls of the bunker, avoiding the shuffling and clanging around in the war-room that signaled Sam was unpacking their weapons. Dean had an idea of where Cas might have gone but he took his time making his way there in an attempt to prepare something to say that wasn’t completely asinine. Sam had said it didn’t matter what he said, but Dean knew from personal experience that going into something like this with Cas without a game plan ended with disastrous miscommunications that left both of them hurt, and hurting Cas more now after everything that had happened was the opposite of what he wanted.
Castiel unfolded to his full height, reaching for Dean but the hunter stayed out of his swiping distance this time.
“Мама, ты ошибаешься! Пожалуйста, успокойтесь! (Mother, you are mistaken! Please, you must calm down!)” Sonia cried out over her mother’s screaming, but the old woman was in too much of a panic to hear her. When her daughter reached out for her, she knocked her hands away and bolted as quickly as she could back down the hallway. Sonia turned confused apologetic eyes to her guests before darting after her.
He grasped the knob and turned before he can lose his nerve. The treacherous door made a small whine as it opened and Cas froze for a breath, listening. When no sound came from inside, he mustered the courage to step one foot over the threshold and peered in.
“I’ll take the bed then,” Sonia stated, while Evan sputtered an embarrassed protest at her side.
“I don’t sleep.” Jack chirped with a smile to which Evan nodded along though he was clearly lost.
He knew.
“I will never let you go again.”
He was absent of the trenchcoat and in its place, he wore instead a rumpled black cotton button down untucked from dark time worn jeans and black leather combat boots half folded over and sloppily tied.
The pair squared off for a moment before the young woman seemed to deflate, albeit with some scorn. “Fine.” She replied, “But you will call us when you arrive and when you find your brother.”
“Let him go!” He roared, his voice inhuman but a deep, echoing rumble emanating from every direction drew a primal fear out of him despite his anger; a fear that gripped his very soul. The sound was ancient and terrifying with a taunting edge; it was laughing at him.
"As unbelievable as it will no doubt sound, we hunt creatures that you would consider fictional or myth. In the early hours last night my...friend...was taken from another motel and we believe the creature responsible also killed your patron here three days ago.”
“Sorry, this is all I have.” He said abashedly, handing over a pink and white striped candle along with a small pack of matches.
“But correct.” Harut interjects, “The last link in this chain of improbable anomalies. Angelic steel is the strongest substance in the known universe. Nothing should be able to damage it, let alone melt it.”
until we get back. No more looking for cases or surprise police alerts, capiche?”
Shaking off the worst of the magical effects, Dean managed to make his legs cooperate and trotted quickly back out toward the living room. Once there, he bolted for the wall, taking up the shotgun and two pistols before he realized with a frustrated curse that they were empty. Without the time to search for ammo, Dean abandoned them in favor of two angel blades of slightly different makes, securing them under his belt at his back before also taking up the ax he’d crafted in purgatory.
Dean followed his eyes, staring down at his offerings with wide eyes before steeling himself to speak without betraying the game. When he looked up to meet the other man’s questioning gaze, he gave a sheepish half shrug.
“So.” He began, addressing the little group which had accumulated in the office; Hannah, behind her desk, Dean and Cas within an arm's length of one another in front of the window, and their escorting angels near the door. “This is a breakdown everything we know in order according to the eye witness statements.” He cleared his throat as he consulted his notes once before continuing, “Four days ago witnesses indicated that, approximately sometime around dawn back on earth, they saw the first victim, Rahmiel, for the last time near Eden's northern quadrant. Their statement's indicated that this was a routine occurrence and that nothing seemed out of the ordinary.  Then, about two hours later, nearly every angel inside the garden reported
“His?” Sam parroted momentarily confused before realization washed over him like ice water, his expression pinching into disgusted disbelief, “You mean like--”
“Dean!” Sam snapped, just after the last word left his brother’s mouth, his expression tight and shocked.
“It doesn’t matter if I use those words or not, we both know it’s true Dean. He listens to
His attacker remained perfectly still despite the sudden swirl of pressure in the room, his colorless eyes trained on the manager.
Then he mouthed a string of words too quick to read, and the image of the room spasmed erratically in the mirror, flickering like a television with bad reception. Cas pressed the palm of his hand against the glass focusing his will and grace to stabilize the image amidst whatever counter spell the other angel was using.
“Such as I suspected.” Sonia replied matter of factly, “Now do the sensible thing and come up with a plan. We now know the approximate location, but we also know that this angel will now be expecting you to rush in for a rescue. Despite your many differences, you are both still the same person. What would you do to prevent an assault on your fortress, to protect your love?”
Sam stood then,“Thank you for all your help Sheriff.”
They had stopped briefly at a gas n sip somewhere along highway 26 so Sam and Jack could change into suits, but it was just a short time later when he was pulling into a parking space in front of the Scottsbluff police department.
The drive was quiet, save for the pur of the engine and Cas realized with a heavy heart that what he missed most were all indicators of Dean presence: rock on the radio, hands tapping against the steering wheel and of course Dean himself humming along.
Sonia hummed softly as she dabbed alcohol onto the broken skin at the center of the bruise where the tile had cut the skin through his shirt. The vague response put Cas on edge and he couldn’t help thinking back to all her previous statements pertaining to the relationship between himself and the hunter, chiefly her question about love. He tried to push it away, knowing it was not important in the face of what they had yet to do, but in this quiet moment, with all eyes busy elsewhere, he couldn’t resist.
Sam continued, “We’re walking down an infinite hallway, lined with infinite doors, but that’s only how we perceive it because that’s the only way our brains can make sense of it.”
Dean’s cheeks instantly colored at the blunt statement, hating how exposed he felt under the angel’s too familiar gaze. “You can’t just say shit like that!” He fumed, half embarrassed and half taken aback “And stop looking at me like that! You don’t even know me!”
“What were you saying?” Dean heard himself ask, but it sounded strange and far away.
The smell of burnt rubber and freshly disturbed dirt is heavy in the humid air.
Cas acquiesced, then in a softer voice,
you. YOU. ABDUCTED. ME.” The last words were a deafening roar in the silent kitchen as his temper finally boiled over. “So how about you stop jerking me off here and give me some
They faced off in tense silence for a long moment, occupying the free space directly in front of the larger front windows. The shifting grey sky outside bathed them in drab melancholy light that stole the color from angel’s sullen expression. Dean had to swallow hard around the sudden emotion that welled within him as his physiology reacted to the bittersweetness he could see warring within the angel’s eyes.
“Dean.” He uttered in a broken, shell shocked tone.
Cas greeted stoically,
Castiel was quiet for a long time, long enough that Dean eventually gave up his avoidance and looked up. To his bewilderment, the angel was facing away leaning over the workbench. His hands gripped the edges hard enough that the metal had formed to the shape of them. His head hung low, dark curls obscuring his face. His chest and back expanded and fell with deep focused breaths like he was trying to control himself.
So focused on the desk, Dean hadn't even noticed the final door tucked into the corner, cloaked in shadow.
“We will guide you to the first scene,” Harut informed them.
As Dean flipped through the next few pages various other disturbing words jumped out at him where he could make them out.
Cas inhaled sharply, his eyes flickering away before slowly coming back to level the younger Winchester with an expression of open honesty.
With his head bowed low, the first sob slipped passed his lips with his hands twisting to fists against the tile.
