“Oh please, I’m way funnier than that douche.” She grins, stretching her arms over her head before returning her attention to Cas. “So are you gonna answer my questions three, or do I have to slay you?”
“Was that Dean’s brother? The little one?” Chuck asks. Castiel pulls his seatbelt on and fidgets; he’s suddenly cold, like those several minutes subjecting himself to the wind’s abuse have hit him all at once.
Charlie appears between him and Cas, whispering in Cas’s ear, and Cas smiles and nods at her before waving his siblings over, giving Charlie the opportunity to whisper at them as well. When Dean catches Cas’s eye, Cas casually points at Jo, who is completely unaware of the entire thing, caught up in a conversation with Sam.
now.” Jo waves over at the field, where Anna is an obvious third wheel as Sam shows off a few tricks for the blonde girl, who must be Jessica. “I’m all alone for junior year, woe is me.”
“What? No! Wait.” Dean sits up, brow furrowed in confusion. “Do you mean Lover’s Lane?” Castiel snorts softly, ducking his head to hide his smile, but he still manages to catch the way Dean rolls his eyes. “Wouldn’t be a very good Leap spot anyway,” Dean mutters. “Everybody’d just roll down the hill.”
Seconds later, there’s a knock on the door. Castiel glances at his sister, but when she doesn’t respond, he takes it upon himself to answer.
He can’t see who’s holding him, but when he looks back, he sees Lisa blinking blearily and none other than Mary attempting to help her to her feet.
And when Dean shoves his hands in his pockets and winces, Castiel realizes that Jody knows. She knows that Dean hangs out with Alastair and his gang, and it’s possible she knows something about the rest of it too. But if she knows, then how are they getting away with it?
“And she just… walked off.” Dean shrugs, staring forlornly into his empty glass before pushing it away and dropping his head onto the table. “I dunno what to do.”
Anger stirs in Dean’s chest, and it tastes a little like jealousy too, but Dean clears his throat and ignores it. “Why were
Charlie crawls over Pam and Victor to kneel next to Dean, poking him in the thigh. “Have you talked to Cas yet?” she whispers, pointedly raising her eyebrows. Dean frowns, unsure of what she’s talking about until he remembers.
Again, Castiel remembers that he has been choosing these people over his own family, but this time, he feels no guilt. If this is corruption, it’s too late to save him now.
Still, as they pull into the parking lot and Charlie is forced to park between a Lexus and an Audi, Castiel realizes that he’s never brought anyone up to his room before, except Dean. He and Bela once played on the beach with Charlie, but that was as close as she got.
"Booze and sex and vandalism." She turns back to her compact, playing with her bangs, even though Castiel thinks her hair looks fine. "Y'know. Fun."
Dean wants to believe her. He really does. But the way he behaved this summer, he can’t imagine anyone forgiving him. Least of all Cas. “Mom, I don’t-”
Mildred gives him another once-over as he stands, and he’s preparing himself for another flirty joke when she surprises him by asking, “Do you need a ride?”
Jo scoffs. “You know Dean. Who else is going to bear the weight of the world on their shoulders if Dean Winchester dares to take a little time for himself?”
Cas is quiet. Dean pulls into a parking spot and rubs a hand over his face, trying to calm his breathing, trying to get the thrumming in his veins under control. He’s not drunk enough for this, he’s not drunk at all, and maybe that’s why everything that happened tonight went down the way it did. Dean just can’t stop fucking up, can he?
He came. Came in his fucking sleep like he hasn’t done since he was thirteen. Sex dreams and morning wood he can live with, as long as he doesn’t have to do a whole fucking load of laundry before his mom gets up for her early shift at the cafe.
what he wants right now.” Before Dean can even attempt to figure out what the hell she’s getting at, she’s thrown the blanket off and slipped off the bed, started pulling her panties on and mumbling angrily to herself. “Jesus fucking Christ, I can’t believe this shit, what a fucking little piece of shit
“I volunteered to help Ellen and Bobby at the Roadhouse’s booth,” Dean says. “So yeah. I’ll be there most of the day.”
Castiel purses his lips, staring past his tie and focusing on his shoes instead. Sam is barely fourteen, and Jess is probably around the same age. There’s a big difference in emotional maturity here, even if Castiel disregards Sam’s affection and devotion to his brother. The truth might not go over well.
“Get out of here, Cas,” Dean says finally, voice quiet. Cas’s hands drop as Dean slides off the tailgate and wraps an arm around Lisa’s waist, tugging her close. Dean can’t look at Cas’s face, but he can feel it starting, that bleak emptiness swirling in his chest, just from Cas’s disappointed posture.
Castiel blinks in surprise, and immediately tucks his phone in near his chest. Lucifer is seated on the other side of the couch, with Anna between them, and even though Michael graciously allowed Castiel to have his phone back, it came with the stipulation that Castiel still can’t talk to Dean. So of course, that’s practically all Castiel has done. When he laughs at his phone, when he clutches it tight, when he spends the whole evening texting, everyone just assumes he’s talking to Bela, and Castiel has reveled in their ignorance.
“The weather is rough in the winter,” Castiel admits, “but I like the community. I’ve made a lot of friends. And I like having a major city close enough to visit whenever I want, without actually having to live there.” He pauses, then swallows before adding, “But I don’t like being far away from my boyfriend.”
“You’re not…” Now it’s Dean who huffs, whose cheeks are starting to look a little pink. “I just think maybe, if you’re gonna go cold, I deserve to know what I did wrong. Right?” He turns to look at Castiel now, and his brow is furrowed, lips pursed in frustration. “We should-”
“No, don’t be. Please.” Dean’s arms tighten around Castiel’s waist. “I don’t want you to feel like you have to push yourself.”
"Dean, shut the fuck up." And Cas pulls Dean in, wrapping his arms around Dean's shoulders and hugging him tight. Dean squeezes his eyes shut and breathes Cas in, and Cas smells so
Still doesn’t change the way Dean feels about either girl. It’s one thing to handle each one on her own, but for both of them to be present, without Cas as a buffer? Welcome to Dean’s personal hell.
Dean laughs outright. “Sam’s happier practicing magic than trying to make tough decisions. He’s never been interested in being king.”
“You’re not over Lisa?” Charlie says, but before Dean can respond, she runs forward, “Wait, never mind, we can come back to that later. Jo wasn’t the Gabrielle to my Xena, and maybe Gilda won’t be either, but that doesn’t mean I won’t find her eventually. And who knows? Maybe in ten or so years, Jo will make some discoveries about herself and we’ll end up together anyway.”
The air between them is still weird, so much so that Dean is having trouble paying attention to the movie. He’s hyper-aware of every move Cas makes, even if he’s just shifting up the couch or resting his chin in his hand. They used to talk more during movies, usually because of Dean’s stupid trivia facts and terrible jokes, but he’s too distracted to think of anything to say. He’s pretty sure they used to touch more too, but now they’re curled up on opposite ends of the couch. Their feet are close, and Dean is struck by a weird temptation to press their feet together, maybe try to curl his toes around Cas’s.
It’s closing in on six-thirty, with no word from Dean, when Anna bursts through the door, a sheen of sweat on her skin. “Where are your clothes?” she asks, panting slightly.
Dean is shaking his head, but Jo looks delighted. “Sure she can! The more the merrier, right? Besides,” she shrugs, “we girls are outnumbered tonight. One more would even it out perfectly.”
Dean furrows his brow, turning the morning over in his head again. What Lisa had said, about realizing she wasn’t any good for Dean because of Cas’s actions. And Mary said…
He’s a little annoyed that Castiel is so hung up on Dean’s heat that he still can’t fully recognize that Dean had
When he has a day off, though, especially one that’s rainy and gray like this one, he doesn’t have that distraction. Maybe if Sam was home, they could play Mario Kart for a while, but Sam had run out the door not too long after Dean woke up this morning. Probably to meet up with Sarah. Again.
Disappointingly, after such a lovely Christmas, the days following had returned to the status quo. Dean would wake up early to go to work, and Castiel would be left to spend time with Sam. Not that he begrudges Sam, of course, but that wasn’t the point of this trip.
Dean turns to Charlie, who actually looks a little surprised at this outburst. She catches Dean’s look and tries to intervene, “We don’t want to make anyone uncomfortable-”
"I'm still sorry," Sam pouts. He's covered in dirt and sweat, and his mother nudges him as she passes.
“You were determined to be my best friend. From that first morning. And you weren’t going to let Michael or anyone tell you otherwise.” Castiel closes his eyes and leans his forehead against Dean’s. “No one had ever made that kind of effort for me. It made me want to make the same effort for you. It took a while before I understood what that meant, all the little things I tried to ignore, but hindsight is twenty-twenty.” He leaves a kiss on Dean’s nose and grins. “I know now that I never stood a chance.”
“And don’t tell your mother this,” Chuck whispers, as he stands and tosses his bowl into a trash can, as Castiel rushes to do the same, “but I’m going to take you to your friend Dean’s house so you can say good-bye.”
Dean tosses his cell phone onto the counter, then puts his face in his hands, taking a slow, deep breath. Something to center him, draw his emotions back from the forefront, so he can focus on everything that’s more important than his tears. He still has so much to do before the funeral, before people start arriving - there’s no time to waste on grief.
!” Charlie is almost screaming in his ear, and Dean jumps back, practically falling into Cas’s lap while she laughs.
It’s not just the hangover, either, though that’s certainly nothing to laugh at. It’s the plucking at his memory, digging through the night before, remembering how he’d let Lisa get drunk, how awful he’d been to Cas, how he and Lisa basically had sex in front of an audience. The horror he feels, as he realizes he can’t remember if they’d used a condom or not, is honestly making him more nauseous than anything else.
“If you like boys, you know we’ll all still love you,” Lucifer says in a sing-song voice, earning a kick in the thigh. “Ow! C’mon, Cas, you’re texting him in the middle of the night, what am I supposed to think?”
“Whatever you say, Cas,” and he means it to sound cocky and dismissive, but it comes out shy. Eager for a distraction, Dean crosses his legs and places the sketchbook on his lap, pulling his pencil out of the coiled wire and carefully adding gray shadows to Kyriel’s coat. Cas stretches out on the bed behind him, his toes toying with the belt loops on Dean’s jeans.
The night is clear and still, enough that Castiel can hear the brook babbling nearby. He takes a few deep breaths, trying to clear the smell of Dean from his brain. The smell of flowers and herbs works wonders, and Castiel ventures out into his garden, laying on his back in the grass to watch the stars.
Now, though? Now, she’s drunk. Stupid drunk. Handsy drunk, actually, pressed up against Dean with her mouth leaving kisses wherever she can find skin, her fingers trailing over his shirt, then under it, then trying to slide under his belt.
“I’m not a very good talker,” he mumbles into her hair, “but if you ever need to talk to somebody, I’ll listen.”
Across the table, Jo sighs, “Dean, just drop it already.” Meg narrows her eyes, staring Dean down. It’d be intimidating, if Dean wasn’t a head taller than her sitting down.
“Mother asked me to visit for a day or two,” Michael answers, gesturing to where Naomi is seated on her bed, staring straight ahead at a point just past Castiel’s ear. Anna is nowhere to be seen. “She had a few… concerns.”
him already, but at least, if Castiel is here, then he doesn’t find Dean’s scent repulsive. He hasn’t completely rejected Dean as a potential mate.
“Dean,” and Dean looks up, realizes that Cas is back in his space, has grabbed his wrists, is soothingly rubbing his thumbs over the sensitive skin there. Dean shudders, and that’s when he realizes the oven is going off, but Cas’s eyes stay focused on Dean as Dean’s breathing slows, until Dean pulls away on his own to deal with the chicken, keeping his back to Cas.
Pause again. No, that sounds so bad. It’d probably just send Dean into a panic. Castiel erases the message again and starts over.
No one is particularly happy about Michael’s promotion to parent, especially since he’s only twenty-one. Despite his approaching graduation and serious disposition, at the end of the day he’s only two years older than Gabriel, and they all still remember five years ago, when Michael threw up on-stage in the middle of his big choir solo.
“Okay,” Dean mumbles. It’s a relief to hear the words, but he can barely process it with the way his mind and body are still buzzing. He wants to sleep, but he’s not sure he’ll be able to quiet his brain long enough to get there.
“No, of course not. Really. Sorry.” She clears her throat. “So. Crush on Cas, huh? You want to talk about it?”
At first, he ignores the buzzing on his chest. He’s gotten used to phantom vibrations by now, but not to the heaving disappointment that comes from seeing that black, empty screen. But then the buzzing comes again. And again. Castiel finally lifts his phone, squinting at the unfamiliar number, and answers.
“Brother, if this is your idea of a date, I’m starting to realize why you have relationship problems.”
“You do know,” Meg says slowly, as if speaking to a child, “that you and Dean-o weren’t dating, right?”
Dean’s not wrong about Castiel having trust issues. But Naomi has more to make up for than Dean does.
Quiet falls for a moment. A tinny sort of noise is coming from Anna’s earbuds, but she seems happy to ignore it in favor of staring her brother down. “Can I say something?” she asks, flipping her hair off her shoulder.
.” He jostles Dean playfully, enjoying the ungraceful squeal that Dean makes, but not as much as he enjoys the way Dean’s arms tighten around him. “Don’t be embarrassed.”
They could be happy together, Castiel thinks. He doesn’t know where Dean is from, what his family is like, but if such a beautiful, strong omega as Dean can’t find a mate there, then who’s to tell Castiel not to dream?  He’s taking good care of Dean. He has his own little cottage that he built with his own two hands, and he can easily provide for two. If they end up with pups, then it’s easy to add on to the cottage, develop a larger garden. There is plenty of space in the woods.
Also, sorry for all the exposition. I want to finish the series, but as soon as I do, the first thing on my to-do list is to come back to this part and break format so that everyone can see Dean's transformation, rather than being told about it. Mea culpa, I chose the format.
Jo puts on REO Speedwagon anyway, then pulls her stool up next to Dean just to smirk at him while Pamela still has his hand trapped.
“Dean doesn’t think about it that way.” Charlie rolls her eyes, kicking her legs back and forth. “Come on. Like Jo said, God forbid someone try to help Superman Dean carry the world around. He’ll take care of whatever he has to take care of as long as his mom doesn’t have to worry about money, and Sam doesn’t have to worry about anything.”
“My son Lucifer is coming to visit us soon.” Castiel raises his eyebrows; this is news to him. “It will be the first time in three years that my children have all been in the same room. We’ll be having dinner downstairs, and I would be delighted if you would join us.”
A car turns into the lot just as Castiel is finally approaching, and in the darkness it takes a moment for Castiel to recognize the behemoth as Dean’s car. Panic shoots through him at the realization, so strong that he actually considers continuing his run until he gets back to the resort, no matter how sick he gets because of it.
“I’m still sleeping,” Castiel whines, burying his head back in the pillow, but Anna keeps on shaking him.
“I got hit. More of a slap, really, but I was little and Dad wasn’t really in control, so it bruised pretty bad. And that was it for Mom. She packed up and took me and Sam to her parents’ place in Topeka the next morning.” Dean rubs at his face again before finally lifting his head to look at Cas, chuckling slightly. And Castiel can see the shine in his green eyes, the tears he was trying to hide as he spoke, and for one rushing second, Castiel realizes how rare this is, how absolutely atypical it is for Dean to talk about this part of his life, let alone with someone he’s only known a few weeks.
His silence doesn’t seem to have done him any favors, however. When he looks up again, Sam’s eyes have narrowed, lips pursed almost comically. John is glaring outright. So Castiel clears his throat and continues, “Eventually I realized the post wasn’t that special, or honorable, and I left the kingdom.”
The first thing he notices is the lights. Multi-colored fairy lights, draped everywhere. On the little wall that surrounds the rooftop, on the shade placed over a little table, on the shed they just emerged from. The sun is setting out on the ocean, but of course, this is Oregon, so there are clouds chasing the light away, making the hanging lights all the more magical. Castiel turns to Dean, confused, but Dean just grins, placing a gentle hand in the small of Castiel’s back to guide him towards the table. He snaps the fingers on his free hand, and that’s when Castiel notices his siblings, along with Jo and Benny. Michael and Gabriel are wearing matching grins, though the other two look a little less enthused.
“Don’t act like you don’t know what the difference is,” Lisa snaps, not even turning to look at him. “Stop fucking following me, I’m going home.”
“Ellen brought baked macaroni and cheese,” Sam says quietly. “She told me to tie you down and funnel it into your mouth if I had to.”
The last scene is my gift to you guys, considering, well... let's just say, if you cried at the end of You And I (Collide), you're
They’re halfway through the first pizza and watching Will & Grace reruns when Gabe clambers through the door. Anna freezes, almost dropping her pizza slice back onto the plate. Castiel just watches as Gabe carefully pulls off his shoes. His socks. His jacket. Once the silence becomes ringing and unbearable, Castiel asks, “Where’s Michael?”
As Dean watches in confusion, Mary goes out to the garage and comes back with a large box of her own. She didn’t bother to wrap it, just a large bow slapped on the side, so once she’s set it on the floor, Dean only has to tear through the tape to find an iMac of his very own. He gapes, speechless, for a long moment, pulling out the computer, the keyboard, the mouse, and staring at them. When he finally finds the words, he looks at his mother and croaks, “We can’t afford this.”
“There’s a lot going on in the castle,” Dean explains. “It’s a big place, too. At least until you figure out the schedule and the rooms, Jess is gonna help you get around on time. And take care of your bedding and clothes and all that stuff.”
The problem is, Cas and Meg are out there, wandering around the festival with Anna on their heels. And every time Dean catches a glimpse of dark, curly hair and a bright, gummy smile, the edges of his vision start to blur, and he just can’t focus anymore. He can’t smile at people, and tries to give them the wrong order, which is especially shameful since they’re working with a limited menu. So Ellen snaps at him, gives him a stack of menus, and tells him and Jo to trade places with the other kids.
“... Yeah.” He can practically see her, fidgeting uncomfortably. “And it took forever to notice too, y’know, because I just never even considered I might not be straight. But one day a lock of hair fell out of her ponytail, and all I wanted to do was tuck it behind her ear. And then touch her neck. And… maybe kiss her.” Charlie sighs deeply. “And I just kinda went, oh.” Silence falls, punctuated by an awkward little giggle. “Yup. The End.”
Dean huffs. It’s as close as he can get to a laugh right now. “All right, all right.” He shuffles into the kitchen, where the pan still sits on the island; Sam never did know how to put away leftovers. Dean shakes his head and cuts himself a piece, putting it into the microwave for a quick jolt. He taps his fingers against the microwave door, then turns back to Sam.
Dean closes his eyes. “I don’t want to talk about it,” he says, then twists around to face Cas, opening his sketchbook once again. “Can I draw you?”
Charlie rolls her eyes, then reaches for Castiel’s wrist, leading him down the stairs. She’s wearing a lime green one-piece, with a purple sarong wrapped around her hips. It’s a very distracting state of dress, and Castiel tightens his jaw before gently withdrawing himself from her touch and quickening his steps to walk beside her instead of behind her. “There are changing rooms here, right?” He asks, voice cracking. Charlie smiles briefly, but is kind enough not to point it out.
She closes the door behind her, and Dean knew he liked that girl for a reason. Immediately, he reaches up to grab Castiel’s collar and pull him in for a kiss. He laughs softly against Castiel’s lips when the alpha’s smell ramps up again, muskier this time, speaking to his desire, but as soon as Castiel wraps his arms around Dean’s waist, drawing him closer, the laughter disappears.
Still, all seems to be well, so Castiel follows Sam to the other side of the room. The seals are splashing and slapping their bellies, and a small cluster of children giggles at the sight. Castiel hands a ten dollar bill to the attendant, enough to get some fish for the children as well, who are thrilled to have the chance to get the seals to dance and throw their toys around.
They share a brownie after lunch, and Lisa casually comments, “I’ve never known guys to be as close as you guys are.”
“I dunno, Cas, I think you underestimate yourself.” Dean reaches over the table and grips Cas’s wrist, tugging him closer. “You’ve got those delicate, upper-class hands. Gotta be somethin’ you can do with ‘em.”
Dean scowls, throwing his rag across the room and missing the laundry bucket by a good foot and a half. He groans, dragging his feet as he goes to retrieve it. “Well since
Dean swallows, but manages to keep his face free of emotion. Castiel nudges Dean’s side. “What duties?” he asks when Dean turns to him.
,” Charlie adds, dramatically waving her hands in the air. The movements accidentally create a buzzing spark of electricity, and she winces, dropping her hands back to her sides. “Okay, a mage
Dean laughs aloud, and the sound carries in the wind, seems to swirl around Castiel and bind them together all the tighter. “No homo, Cas.” He waves, then turns to head back into the house. Castiel takes a deep breath before running down the stairs and diving back into the car. Chuck laughs at him, even as he puts the car in drive and pulls back out onto the road.
,” Castiel says, softer this time. “If, after everything, after spending most of our time apart, after dating other people, if that hasn’t kept me from falling for Dean, how could you possibly think I could just turn it off?”
The noise has stopped by the time he reaches the opening, but he doesn’t turn back. Not until he hears footsteps approaching, and Dean’s voice saying his name. “Cas, hold up.”
either. It’s nice to have a friend around, someone who can help Dean forget about what a fuck-up he is.
“Because he’s a nerd, like Napoleon Dynamite.” Meg smiles, like she thinks she’s clever. Dean just glares at her as she continues, “The kind of nerd who walks in to people because he’s not paying attention where he’s going.”
“I don’t know,” he mumbles, wrapping his arms around Dean’s waist. “Could be anything. Convince me to go after a certain major. Take a specific roommate. Who knows?”
“Do you remember his friend Bela? She came to Jo’s birthday party last year,” Dean says distractedly, pulling two cards from his hand and taking another two, then trying to hide his disappointment when he realizes he’s stuck with his three jacks.
Oh. It’s a beige towel. So Castiel reaches up and pulls it back until he sees Dean smiling at him, and that burning feeling fades into something far more pleasant.
“In my defense, Cas is never decent in public,” Dean offers, but Jody just frowns and Castiel is only more confused by this statement, so Dean sighs. “Sorry, bad joke. Jody, you can’t do this to me.”
“You watched Studio Ghibli with them?” Dean says sharply, suddenly annoyed. He had wanted to introduce Cas to Ghibli films, sit next to him and watch his reaction as they went through all those magical, beautiful adventures with gutsy young characters, Totoro and Kiki and Chihiro and Sophie. He’d wanted to draw pictures of them, give them all to Cas, because he missed the way Cas’s eyes lit up when he saw Dean’s scribbles. No one else reacts that way, that quiet awe, like Dean just handed him a genuine Klimt, instead of a shaky pencil sketch on two-dollar paper.
“Is there a girl you like, Dean?” Castiel asks, and the question surprises him as much as it surprises Dean, who turns back to him with a gasp.
So Castiel smiles, reaching forward to cup his hand around the nape of Dean’s neck, pulling him in for a chaste, closed-mouth kiss. Bela reacts with dramatic disgust, as expected, but Dean just tenderly grips Cas’s arm, eyes searching and hopeful as Castiel leans back. There’s a vulnerability in that hope, and Castiel doesn’t want to see it. He doesn’t want to know that Dean is trusting him so much, because he’s not sure he can return the favor.
He’s off-key, but Castiel loves him so much that it doesn’t matter. It is exactly the song he was thinking of. He lifts his head and sings back, “
“No, I was rude,” Dean cuts him off, shaking his hand away and scooting back on the bench. Meg and Sam are climbing out of the locker room now, skates in hand, and Cas’s glance up means the pizza is probably on its way. “I shouldn’t have asked that. I’m sorry.”
Anna is shaking, sniffling, and Castiel takes a shuddering breath. “So. He didn’t even leave a note?”
But then he sees Dean's smile from the corner of his eye. It's soft and gentle, almost dreamy, those summer green eyes focused entirely on Castiel.
“I’d never think that,” Dean says quickly, frowning. But in the same instance, he’s moving his arms to Castiel’s shoulders, embracing him in a way that brings warmth and comfort and all the things Castiel has come to associate with Dean. “But, okay. We don’t have to do anything you don’t want to do.”
“Told you you had good taste.” Dean is practically beaming, though Castiel wonders if it isn’t a little forced. “You’ll like the movie, come on.”
Castiel meets Charlie’s eyes, and while she looks pensive, she shrugs and gets up, stumbling across the sand to join Pam and Garth. Dean jerks his head towards the ocean, and they both stand up, making their way towards the wet sand, leaving deep footprints in their wake.
I mentioned this in some comment replies, but if it's okay with everyone, it'd be easier for me to try and update more often with shorter chapters. By which I mean, 5-10k, hopefully more often 7-8k (like this one). Since I started writing fic again I've been pushing myself to hit at least 10k a chapter, but this fic is really about me having fun and not stressing myself out, so again, as long as it's okay with you guys! That's what I'd like to do :)
“Yeah,” Cas says softly, “I guess.” Dean can feel him shifting on the bed, the springs creaking in protest, but he resolutely keeps his eyes on the ceiling fan, following a single blade until his head starts to hurt. Cas clears his throat. “I don’t really have time to date anyway, between running and getting my schoolwork done.”
It’s only when he reaches the door that he remembers that Naomi and Anna should be back by now. Anna’s not a problem, but considering how Naomi once treated Dean… Castiel stops and turns around so quickly that Charlie jumps in surprise.
“Anna picked my outfit, so blame her,” he whispers back, loosening his tie and starting to pull it over his head. Naomi stays quiet, thoughtful, as Castiel starts to unbutton his dress shirt.
“I am.” He’s surprised by his own surprise, honestly; he had liked cuddling with Meg, as long as she wasn’t messing with his hair or trying to get in his pants. Dean is doing neither, just offering a little comfort, and Castiel has always liked how physical Dean and his friends are. He had only resisted this because he is trying to resist Dean, but he is failing because Dean is his weakness. If Naomi has realized that, if she’s using it against him…
“I wouldn’t be so sure about that, Spock.” But she relents, saluting him before taking off down the sand, and Castiel retreats to the restroom. He quickly changes into his swim trunks, then takes a few moments to collect himself. This will be the first time in weeks that he’s spent time with everyone; he doesn’t want to ruin it by being a creep.
“I can help.” And Cas looks so earnest that it makes Dean’s heart break, but he covers it up with a smile. This kind of little white lie is becoming a habit. Dean’s used to being disappointing, though.
“I have to go,” Dean says, sliding out his side of the booth. Charlie, still with that worried look on her face, reaches out for his hand, but Dean steps back, away from her grasp. Those words are whirling around his head like a hurricane, and his entire face is aching, spreading down into his shoulders and chest, because Cas’s girlfriend is
Dean gasps and turns around, exhaling shakily when he sees Cas squinting at him, concern written in the line of his jaw. “Jesus, Cas,” Dean breathes, trying to laugh. “Wear a bell, or something.”
Dean tightens his jaw, clearly holding back words, and nods stiffly. They jaywalk to the stand, and Castiel steadfastly continues to avoid looking at Dean.
“Have you decided what you’re gonna tell him?” Anna asks as she stands, running a hand through her hair, gathering it over her shoulder.
Dean can’t really blame them for that decision either, all things considered. He misses Lisa sometimes, and wishes that they could try things again now that he’s feeling better, but maybe it just isn’t meant to be. She wouldn’t let Dean apologize, after all. She had railroaded over all his attempts, then quickly said good-bye and hung up. Again, Dean doesn’t really blame her. He fucked up bad, and she has every right to shut him out, if she wants. That’s okay.
Sam considers this for a moment. Castiel turns to check on Mary again, a little surprised that she and Naomi have managed to converse for this long, and when he turns back, Sam is smirking in a way that immediately has Castiel feeling defensive.
Dean knows that Cas is right, that they both have some work to do before they talk about this aspect of their relationship again. So that maybe, in a year, there’s no risk that Dean’s excitement could be overtaken by fear.
“Ky’s in love with Jensen, right? Since he’s an angel, he won’t be able to understand loving him unless he’s human. So he’s gotta be human at some point.”
Dean purses his lips before tearing the envelope open, tilting it until a Wal-Mart gift card falls into his open palm. He sighs, shaking his head, “Sam, how-”
Dean is silent for a long time, and Castiel gently brushes his fingertips over Dean’s wrist. “Got in the way?” Castiel prompts carefully. Dean tenses, but doesn’t pull away from Castiel’s soft grip.
A little voice chirps a hello down the line. Dean bites his lip, but Sam’s eyes are downright thunderous.
It looks like most of the guests have opted to stay upstairs, where the food and music are, but it’s still a pretty good group. Dean knows Tracy, Zeke, and Tessa through Lisa’s circle of friends, and while they smile and wave at him, they still end up sitting on the other end of the circle, near Victor. Kevin and Kate are closer to Charlie, but Dean still sees them around town every once in a while. And everyone knows cheerful braceface Becky, though it’s hard to place her in a specific clique since she tends to talk to just about anyone who will listen. Usually about Buffy or Lord of the Rings or the Supernatural series. God forbid she find out who Cas’s father is, or Dean may never see Cas again.
Charlie finally lifts her head, and her hazel eyes are drowning in hurt, but Jo just scoffs. “Don’t bullshit me, Dean,” she says, standing up. “The kiss itself isn’t as important as the fact that if you had
They eat and they chat and Castiel stays quiet mostly, because his hand is resting on top of the table, and Dean can’t seem to stop playing with his fingers. Dean doesn’t even seem to realize he’s doing it, he’s so engrossed in this conversation about a movie Castiel hasn’t seen yet. But he’s rubbing his thumb over Castiel’s knuckles, the smooth back of his hand, turning it over to intertwine their fingers, to tap and touch the tips. Castiel is fascinated by this subconscious affection, attentive and grounding, and it warms him from the inside out, enough that he almost forgets he’s still soaked from the rain.
But it wouldn’t be fair to trap Castiel like that. He doesn’t know that Dean is a prince. Dean snorts to himself, wondering if maybe Impala ‘fessed up, but Dean is pretty damn sure that if Castiel knew about his bloodline, there’s not a chance in hell that Castiel would have ever laid hands on him.
It’s a rude, flagrant dismissal, and even Lisa seems flustered when Dean points out that dinner’s hardly over and he can take Castiel back when they’re done. John actually growls at this, at his own son, and Castiel has to stand up and declare that he wasn’t very hungry anyway before turning to follow Lisa towards the darkened halls.
Both Anna and Castiel must have the same dumbfounded look on their faces, because Naomi bristles in the silence that follows. “I’ve raised a few boys before you,” she snaps, “I know how it goes by now.”
“I should still be around more,” she responds after a moment of silence. “You and Sam are both at really tough ages, and you’re growing up so fast, and where am I? Missing it.” She tsks, focusing on her plate again, as if the bacon holds the answers she’s looking for. “I should be here. For both of you.”
Footsteps echo behind him, Dean stepping closer, but he keeps his hands to himself. “Of course. Where else would they be?”
They walk through the grass in silence instead, though Castiel's mind is buzzing with questions for Dean. What it's like to live here year-round, if he plays any sports as intensely as he recites Star Wars trivia, what his family is like, who his other friends are... But he's not sure he's ready to answer questions like those himself. Not to mention, Dean seems somewhat anxious, constantly pausing to run his foot over the indentation left in the grass by the bike's tires.
“You know. The housekeeping bit.” Dean pitches his voice up. “‘You want mint for pillow?’ That bit.”
Dean kisses him. Castiel is left a little breathless by it, when Dean pulls away to ask, “Do you have a preference?”
No. No, this is worse than he ever imagined. He’d expected being shut out, he had prepared himself to lose Cas, but there’s something about Cas’s kindness even as he carefully uses Meg to build a barrier between them, that makes this hurt so much more.
Dean backhands Castiel’s shoulder and rolls his eyes. “It’s not like they’re sucking face or anything! Shit, it’s a little hand-holding, don’t be a prude.”
At the same time, the nausea quickly turns to rage, bubbling up into Dean’s chest - threatening Dean’s mother? Dean could take Alastair out if he were angry enough, and coming after Mary would definitely get him to that point.
is an omega, and she is treated with the respect she deserves, but the prince is still held to antiquated rules?”
“I was hoping for a less violent reunion,” Cas continues. “But I guess I’ll take what I can get with you.”
They eat stretched out on the bed, sharing omelettes and French toast as they watch cartoons, and Castiel tells Dean about his encounter with Mildred. It’s all very comfortable and domestic, and when Dean draws him in for a kiss after the boxes are empty and set aside, Castiel goes eagerly. Dean tastes like syrup, and Castiel lets himself chase it for a second, before pulling back with a grimace.
“It doesn’t count!” Dean sputters, surprised at his own annoyance, but not as surprised as he that Cas thinks both kisses were accidents. Dissecting that will have to wait until later. “You’re my best friend and a dude, and Lisa is the girl I gave my V-card to! You’re totally different things!”
Which is what makes it so funny when he finally finds the campfire, and both Jo and Pam stop in their tracks, mouths open, eyes firmly affixed on Castiel’s bare chest. He feels himself blushing again, and immediately reaches for his tote bag, to pull his shirt back on, but a giggling Charlie reaches over to take it from him, tossing it to Dean, who sits on it with a Cheshire-grin.
Using that to steel his nerves, Dean tugs at Castiel’s hair, until those bright blue eyes look up at his face. There’s curiosity there, but that’s all, so Dean smirks and shifts his hips, drawing Castiel’s attention to his straining dick, red and leaking against his stomach.
“No,” Dean says firmly. He reaches for the coffee table, fumbling around until he finally gets a grip on his phone.
As soon as he finds another boy who might be interested in boys? Castiel’s heart sinks, and he hates the whimper in his voice when he says, “That quickly?”
With that, she finally grips her suitcase again, and walks over to the beds on the other side of the room, placing her suitcase on one to start unpacking. Anna and Castiel exchange a wide-eyed glance of confusion before Castiel grabs his sister’s shoulders and ushers her out into the hallway.
Cas releases Dean and reaches for the girl instead, gently guiding her closer to Dean. “This is Meg,” Cas says, and his smile is so bright in the sunlight, adoring and saccharine as he gazes at her. “She’s my girlfriend.”
Mary catches up to them, then, calling out to ask if Cas needs help. Before Cas can answer, Dean leans forward, bracing himself against Cas’s side, and helping Cas help him up the stairs and across the parking lot to Dean’s truck. Cas digs in the pockets of Dean’s jeans until he finds the keys, and God help him, Dean’s dick gives a very interested twitch at the proximity of Cas’s hand. But the next thing he knows, Dean is being thrown into the passenger seat, and Cas has crawled into the driver’s side and gotten the engine going.
The dissonance of it, of Cas’s floundering but insistent kiss versus his tender affection with Bela, haunts Dean and refuses to let him sleep until long after midnight.
Here’s the problem, the way Dean sees it. Cas is standing next to him, blue eyes practically glowing under the streetlight, and he smells like sweat, but he looks like heaven with his perfect skin and his face shaped like a Michelangelo sculpture, and his lovely hands still stretched out, ready to catch Lisa if she falls, and probably ready to do the same for Dean if he needs it.
Sam frowns, looking confused. “I should… shouldn’t I…” His frown deepens as he considers this, and Castiel waits him out. “Girls like guys who are confident and take initiative. Right?”
Because it is. That’s Castiel’s jaw, and his cheekbones, the bow of his lip. A smile spreads across his face, and he lifts his head to share it with Dean, who smiles shyly back.
Castiel takes a deep breath and drops to the ground, pulling his shoes off and setting them aside before leaning over his knees and staring out at the horizon. It's a pleasant night, just this side of cool, and clear enough that Cas can see constellations stretching out over the ocean. It's windy, of course, but not unbearably so, and the refreshing smell of salt is everywhere.
Dean glances at him, an eyebrow cocked. Castiel takes a breath. “Michael and Lucifer. They fight all the time. That night we met? It got pretty bad, and Gabe and I were just trying to get away from it for a while.”
“I’m fine,” Dean says, turning to stare stubbornly at the sidewalk beneath his feet. “I’m glad you could come with me tonight.”
Castiel does as he’s told, and waves before he takes off down the dunes, stumbling a little as the sand grips his shoes and tries to drag him down. The beach is full of debris, but not necessarily trash, and despite the late hour, there's still a few people out and about. There's a couple to his left, cuddling under the stars; a jogger heading south, just outside the ocean's reach, and to his right, he can see the glow of a bonfire, young voices and loud music spreading across the sand.
But then they’ve redressed and she’s kissing him good-bye outside her father’s house, and with a brilliant smile and a brush of their hands, the moment is gone.
Still, Castiel is almost dozing in Dean’s warmth, a thumb brushing up and down his shoulder blade, and he wants this moment to last forever.
“Of course you think she’s great. What do you guys think?” He turns to Ash and Pam, who seem surprised to be included in the conversation.
sorry. I meant that. I knew that you wanted us to talk about things like that, but I just shut you out and ran away.” Castiel rubs a hand over his face and sighs. “That was… awful. Whatever else you’ve done in the past, you didn’t deserve that.”
But he didn’t do that. And he won’t move away from Cas’s comfort either. Because something is wrong with him. Even though Lisa made her feelings very clear, and even though Dean knows there are lines being crossed that take his relationship with Cas away from platonicism, he can’t pull away. There’s something about Cas that he
Michael has the decency to look sympathetic, but Castiel can’t tell if it’s genuine or not. “I know right now it seems like Dean is the end-all be-all for you-”
“This is completely different,” he says, relaxing back against the wall and resting his head on top of Bela’s. “Anna’s already planning to become Mrs. Anael Winchester.” He smirks, eyeing Dean carefully. “I’m fairly positive that Balthazar has no interest in marrying me.”
Dean salutes him, placing a hand between Castiel’s shoulder blades to lead him back to the elevator. “Don’t get too rowdy, buddy.”
Charlie smirks and shakes her head. “Somehow I don’t think he’d mind,” she whispers, as Castiel darts back out of his cottage with a glass of water, thrusting it in Dean’s direction.
“I don’t care, do what you want,” Lucifer says, turning back to his show. Anna leans back into the couch as well, her hands behind her head, and Castiel feels thoroughly dismissed.
Castiel doesn’t know Victor very well, unfortunately. He knows that Dean met Victor through Lisa, and as Dean is prone to do, gradually dragged him into becoming a permanent (if not unusual) member of his gang of friends. He knows that Victor played football at their high school. And he knows that at Jo’s birthday party last year, Victor took Dean on a walk as soon as Castiel arrived with Meg. Bela had gone too, but surprisingly, she refused to tell him what had happened, claiming that it was just boring chatter that went over Dean’s head and the details were unimportant.
Then, Dean is kissing his face, Dean is whispering in his ear, “I got you, honey, you’re okay,” and suddenly, Castiel is coming, hard, eyes closed and hips jerking, mouth open in a silent shout. And there’s Dean’s voice, “Ah,
“Perfect!” Charlie hesitates a moment longer, then takes a deep breath and holds the DVD out to Dean. She goes still when he takes it, and shakily withdraws her hand, tucking it into the pocket of her jeans. Dean studies her, still confused, as her smile starts to fade.
dignity, and he’s capable of protecting himself. He just needs a little distance to put the walls back up and re-examine the evidence before he decides who can and can’t be trusted.
“Maybe you should call me back when you’re sober,” Lisa says slowly. There’s no more clinking in the background. Just empty air.
“Shit, Dean,” and Cas must be upset if he’s resorted to swearing, “what about college? You’re just not even going to try and get into college?”
Anna leans forward on the counter, resting her head in one hand as she grins. “Was he good? He looks like he’d be good in bed.”
“Some day,” he says, staring at the wall. He can feel Missouri’s eyes on him, taking this reaction in. Mary takes pity on him, putting a hand on his shoulder and smiling.
an accusation. Dean looks up, finally meeting Cas’s gaze, and reaches over to grab his wrist. “Cas, about last summer…”
Castiel still swears that he never would’ve hurt her, to which Meg always smirks, shakes her head, and changes the subject.
for helping me wrangle this beast into submission - i ended up re-writing and re-arranging almost the entire thing and they were both very helpful and gave me wonderful new insights. i ended up opting out of a beta this time since i've read and re-read and re-worked this thing so many times, but i do apologize if there's any choppiness, because this was written over such a long period of time. i still have my own complaints about it, but i hope that somebody out there still enjoys it anyway.
He's so delighted, in fact, that he doesn't notice Michael standing on the tiny front porch until he hears his name being called. And his smile drops like a brick as he turns to face his brother, who looks surprisingly put-together, considering how early it is. "Michael," Castiel manages to say, manages to smile again, "I wasn't expecting you to be up so early."
“You a romantic?” the omega slurs, breathing slowly. Castiel hesitates, then lifts his hand to press against the omega’s face, ears, whatever skin he can reach while still maintaining their dignity.
When Castiel hung up the phone, he had to take a few moments to allow the bad news to sink in. Dean’s voice had been soft, the words too painful to drag out beyond the facts. And what could Castiel say to try and help him feel better? Their phone conversations have never exactly been lengthy, but there was still something perfunctory about it, something that stung at Castiel’s brain.
Dean winces, and Castiel cheers internally, considering it a victory that he got anything out of Dean that wasn’t more condescending excuses.
Michael meets Castiel’s eyes from behind their mother’s back, and he looks just as bewildered as Castiel feels. Castiel wants to believe that Naomi has actually changed, but he can’t make the connection between the woman who sneered at the holes in Dean’s jeans, and the one standing in front of him. Is it really as simple as a change of heart? Is a change of heart really that simple?
Dean’s eyes widen for a fraction of a second, darting to Castiel, then his entire head shifts as he searches for Aaron. He waves when he finds him, then quickly excuses himself to go say hello. Seeing them together in that cozy corner, smiling so familiarly at one another, sends a white-hot spark of rage into Castiel’s chest, and he turns to Charlie again.
At least Dean can do this. At least he can make his girlfriend feel good, put that smile on her face. And it makes him feel better, for a time, to hold her and pet her hair and feel all her warm skin against his own. Lisa’s breathing is still heavy, as she nestles into Dean’s chest, and he pulls her closer, buries his nose in her hair and tries to memorize that smell, let it surround him. Sweat and coconut and some kind of floral perfume, but mostly sweat, and that’s okay. As long as she’s here, clinging to him, pressing possessive little kisses against his collar, then everything is okay.
“If it’s intentional, he never mentioned it to me.” Honestly, Castiel is starting to wonder why he never picked up on it himself, if it’s apparently obvious enough for both Winchester brothers to notice. “Dean picked up on it too. Did you get this from him?”
Dean stills momentarily, a blush crawling up his neck, before he swallows and shrugs casually. “Sure. You’re my boyfriend. I love seeing you naked.”
It’s strange, because as much as Castiel fought to accept Dean’s physical comfort the last time they were together, there is a part of him that desperately longs to have Dean in bed with him at night. They’ve never had sex, and they haven’t shared a bed since that first summer they met, so this desire is even more out of left field.
“It’s hardly imposing.” Dean rests his arms on the windowsill and gives Castiel a lazy, flirtatious grin. “In fact, I got up to invite you to join me.”
“I told her you boys had probably found a better way to spend your time.” Lilith turns to Bela, who’s still studying Castiel. “Looks like I was wrong.” She winks at Dean, and his jaw twitches as he holds back some undoubtedly snarky response. “You’re lucky you showed up before Alastair got back, Dean. He wouldn’t have appreciated you sneaking out on your duties.”
“I don’t think you have any right to talk about being jealous, Dean Winchester,” Bela shoots back. Her jaw tightens and her lips purse, like she’s physically restraining herself from saying more. Victor seems to sense the tension and throws an arm around Dean’s shoulders.
Dean laughs again and ruffles her hair before leading the way back into the office. Subject successfully changed.
With the way heat works, Dean tends to forget about his cock in lieu of attempting to fill the emptiness in his hole. It’s heavy and angry red, leaking onto the bed, and since presenting clearly hasn’t broken through Castiel’s impeccable self-control, Dean lays himself flat on his stomach and starts to grind against the blankets. The friction against his sensitive cock is heaven, and Dean pants, his free hand fumbling around until he finally,
“Eat up, then,” he says, his voice rumbling up from deep in his chest. “You’re gonna need your energy.”
Castiel groans, and Mary laughs and takes pity on him, nudging his arm with her elbow. “Tell me how school’s going. Do you like Illinois?”
Cas takes a deep breath, brow furrowing stubbornly as he scoots along. Dean is lining up cheap shots in his head to make his point, but then Cas relaxes with a sigh.
But Dean still feels like he's learned a lot. His teacher, Sonny, has taken a liking to Dean, and has done a lot to encourage his talent. More than once, he's stayed with Dean for an extra hour, after everyone else has gone, and given him tips on lights and shadows, or color theory. He's let Dean borrow books full of paintings, beautiful creations that Dean is simultaneously humbled and inspired by. And, best of all, he’s let Dean use his employee discount to buy books and supplies.
“I don’t know, because some people like to keep things to themselves? I thought rich people were all about privacy.” Dean laughs when Castiel makes a face at him. “What?”
Unfortunately, he only gets about twenty minutes before Castiel’s knot goes down and slips free, come leaking out onto Dean’s thighs. He whines as Castiel sits up to stretch. “I guess that means I gotta go home now.”
And yet, affluent and privileged Baby falling in love with poor and passionate Johnny, both of them inherently good but misunderstood people who deserve a better hand than they’ve been dealt, strikes a chord in Castiel. He doesn’t cry (he
and you’ve got blood on your hands and…” She rubs both hands over her face, then shakes her head. “I can’t do this, Dean. I wanna go home. This isn’t me and I don’t want this to be you.”
“Jo is just a kid,” Dean is saying, and for some reason he doesn’t look angry or annoyed - he looks horrified, as if Castiel had suggested something far more vile than dating his closest friends. “She and Charlie are like sisters to me, I could never… and while you’re probably not wrong about Pam, I would never just use her like that. She deserves better.”
Within a few moments, an employee comes by and directs them all to stand and form an actual line. Fifteen minutes later, the first box is open, and the first book is sold. A half an hour after that, Dean and his friends are all standing in the parking lot, cradling their copies of
"Don't you live up there?" Dean asks, pointing towards the multi-story sandstone building, where valets in suits wait outside the door. Castiel shakes his head.
That mural always leaves Castiel feeling unsettled. He’s well aware that Dean has self-worth (and other) issues that he’s seeing a therapist for, but that strange, dark painting is like a glimpse into Dean’s head, and it’s terrifying. Castiel doesn’t like to think about how this is what Dean was going through back then, that he felt so lost and alone and only continued to isolate himself instead of talking to anyone. It makes Castiel concerned that Dean could fall back into that space, and no one would know until it was too late.
Now that Castiel is aware that he believed in this safety net, it sickens him to think about it. He’s a genuinely
Sam’s smile stretches across his face as he stands up and claps Castiel on the shoulder. “Let’s go see if Mom’s had any luck, then.” He offers a hand to help Jess up, then once again leads the way back out into the house.
The shine falls out of Cas’s eyes, but he manages a smile anyway. “That’s a good year and a half away. This thing looks like it’ll fall apart tomorrow.”
Dean is vulnerable out here. Anyone could come along and use this situation to their advantage. All he’d wanted was a few hours alone, without anyone harping on him about meeting suitors and getting mated. Now, he’s stuck-
Dean still doesn’t have enough information to figure out the difference, so he makes a frustrated noise and tugs on Castiel’s hand. “And how long ago was that?”
They stand awkwardly for another moment before Dean makes himself at home, crawling onto Castiel’s bed and digging in his tote bag. He reverently lays out his copy of
Because as much as Cas has Meg tucked against his shoulder, he’s still pressed up against Dean’s arm, closer than is really necessary. And Dean can’t wipe the smile off his face, can’t ignore the pure delight he feels at Cas’s proximity.
of doing this again, but in dredging up those deeply buried dreams and laying them out for Cas to see, Dean found the same deeply buried curiosity that had driven him to try this last year.
“Don’t worry about ‘what if’s and ‘maybe’s,” Cas says. His voice is low and soothing, and Dean can feel his shoulders relaxing as Cas talks. “He’s not going to go out and assault anyone just because you said no once. He’s trying to get under your skin, that’s all.”
He worries the phone in his hands for a moment, but Cas puts one of his hands over Dean’s, stilling them until Dean can meet his eyes again. “I told Gabe to call me after the show,” Cas says quietly, as if attempting to calm a wounded animal. “We’ll meet up with them before we leave. So you can turn your phone off, if you want to.”
He’s drunk enough that he doesn’t realize he’s dialed his phone until a tinny voice comes from the speaker, saying his name and sounding uneasy.
“You abandoned your post and are a traitor to your lord,” John accuses immediately. Dean bristles, but Castiel can only sigh; the king isn’t wrong.
Jo crosses her arms over her chest as Dean laughs and leans over to kiss Lisa’s temple. As Jo slouches over, deeply involved in her problem-solving, Dean kicks Charlie’s knee until she peers at him over the top of her book. “You got the
Meg opens her mouth to respond, but Dean groans loudly. “Who fucking cares? The story’s not about romance, for Pete’s sake.”
Dean growls again, abruptly pushing himself into the water with a splash. Castiel ducks from it, gaping when Dean surfaces again and runs a hand through his damp hair. “Weren’t you testing me?” Dean asks, glaring at him. “Asking me to say your name, wasn’t that so you could know that I wasn’t just stuck in a heat fog?”
Finally, Lisa smiles again, though it’s small and shy. “I think we need to go, or we’re gonna miss the movie,” she says quietly, scooting out of the booth. Cas does the same, digging out his wallet and putting a bill under one of their empty milkshake glasses. Dean glares at him, but opts not to fight about it in front of Lisa. Instead, he smiles as Cas leans in to hug her, as she returns the affection and shakes his hand.
thing he wants, to risk losing his girlfriend to his best friend, and yet when Dean finally comes, that’s the image seared on his eyelids: Dean sinking into Cas as Lisa settles in to Cas’s tongue.
Castiel turns to look at Dean, subtly scenting him. To Dean’s surprise, Castiel’s smell immediately eases, losing some of its potency, as Cas smiles slightly and responds, “I think
“I trust you boys had a good evening?” Naomi continues. Small talk always was her forte, and Dean is kind enough to play along.
“So yeah,” Dean says, rolling onto his back again, just to have an excuse not to look at Cas. “You’re a dreamboat, everybody knows it. Any girl you ask would have to be blind not to say yes.”
“To see you,” Castiel answers honestly. Dean sits up straight, eyes wide, and Castiel smiles when he realizes that, if the sun were out, he’d be able to see Dean’s cheeks turning pink. Dean tries to cover up his embarrassment with an awkward laugh, a little shrug.
“Cas is going to be here for the funeral?” Sam tries to change the subject, sounding a little too perky, and now Dean’s convinced something’s up.
Feeling a little bit more hopeful, Castiel picks up his father’s draft and starts to read again. Kyriel has faith in Jared and Jensen, though the other angels look down on humans as little more than cockroaches. Though Castiel feels a rush of affection for his character, for what his father is attempting to create, he doesn’t stop to think about why that may be.
Dean hesitates, giving Jo enough time to start making chicken noises behind Pam’s back, and when Gilda giggles softly, Dean caves. He takes three cards, and Pam lays them out in front of her. Victor snorts when Jo and Gilda lean in over Pam’s shoulders, and God help him, Dean can’t help being a little curious too.
“That’s a pretty big dream,” Cas says, the corners of his lips twitching up. “And what do you want to do?”
Castiel scowls. “I have friends besides Dean, Bela.” Charlie snorts at that, and Dean just barely manages to keep himself from grinning.
“Is this some kind of after school special?” Castiel responds snippily, though he regrets it the instant Dean’s face falls. “I’m sorry. I didn’t… please, continue.”
Not that Dean cares. He’s not a virgin anymore either, and he did sleep with both Cassie and Tessa during the school year, so it’s not like he thinks of sex as something sacred. And he definitely doesn’t care about Cas’s sex life or who he decides to sleep with.
“Yeah.” Dean’s smile falls, just a little, while Sam scowls outright. “My boyfriend? I told you about him when you visited for my birthday. And,” Dean sighs, “y’know, several other times, over the last
He turns to look at Dean, who doesn’t look back. Maybe Benny’s suspicions come from Dean’s somebody else. Whoever those people were that he was taking up the hill in his beautiful car.
,” she says quietly. “I didn’t even know you and Cas had fought. So when you came home talking about Cas shutting you out… I realized you’d gone after him instead of her. And I wondered.” She strokes his cheekbones and smiles slightly, keeping him in place. “You should know that I love you no matter what. If you want to date Cas, or any other boy, that doesn’t change a thing. Okay?”
And Dean’s blushing again, his brain and heart stuttering, both at a loss for words. He had tried to avoid that conversation earlier, afraid it would be too much, but now Castiel is just laying it out there for the world to see.
The couple in question returns just then, both looking flustered and annoyed. Meg takes a seat between Anna and Jo, while Cas returns to his spot right next to Dean. Meg frowns at her boyfriend, but Cas seems to ignore her, leaning into Dean’s neck to whisper, “Do you want to come over tomorrow? We can read the book together, like we did for
Castiel takes a deep breath and pulls himself away from Dean’s grip, turning to look at Alastair. He narrows his eyes, clutching his chest as he says, “I don’t know what’s going on here, but I won’t stand idly by and play witness to this needless violence.”
Anna stage whispers, “They’re always like this,” to her mother, which earns a dirty look from Castiel. That’s how he catches the little smile on Naomi’s face before she admonishes Anna and shoos her away from the door.
"Maybe you're right, Cas," Dean says, his chin hooked over Cas's shoulder. "Maybe I'm being a little too dark about it."
The response takes a while, long enough for Castiel to change out of his rumpled dress clothes and into sweatpants and an old t-shirt. Long enough for him to realize that it’s not Anna’s choice of slur that stings, but the seed it planted in his head: that he could be just another notch in Dean’s bedpost.
“Sure, it’s just peachy,” Castiel mutters. Dean shoves him and points dramatically at the phone, so Castiel mouths Bela’s name. Dean cringes and shakes his head. “What can I do for you?”
“He’s staying at the resort,” Dean provides helpfully, grinning his toothiest, most charming grin. “Such a good apple.” When Jody just raises an eyebrow, Dean leans over and presses a wet kiss to Castiel’s cheek. Castiel ducks away with a disgusted noise, wiping at his cheek as Dean laughs. “He’s my new bestest friend.”
Castiel is so startled that he stumbles into the wall, and he doesn’t even feel the pain in his shoulder as he stares at his eldest brother’s bright smile. “Michael,” Castiel says, “what are you… when did you get in?”
“Dean sure expects me to,” Sam snaps, rolling his eyes again as he flops down on his bed. It’s neatly made, even on Christmas morning, and Castiel smiles as he sits down next to him.
And yet, Dean only knows this, only got to do this, because of Cas. And those words he read to Lisa, the words that Cas wrote, Dean meant them, he’s sure of it, but there’s still something itching in the back of his brain. Guilt, maybe. And it’s not just towards Lisa, either, but he doesn’t understand why.
“Mrs. Milton, I’m Dean Winchester.” Dean offers a hand and another brilliant smile. Unfazed, Naomi narrows her eyes and crosses her arms. Eventually, Dean withdraws his hand and takes a few steps back, standing next to Castiel. “Tough crowd,” he mutters. Castiel smirks.
“Sorry,” Dean mutters, leaning back against the couch cushions, spreading his legs out underneath the coffee table. “Sorry, I didn’t… you don’t have to answer that.”
Mary hums again, folding her hands in her lap. “I see. Then I guess I’m just going to have to talk at you.”
“Don’t get me wrong. I’m trying not to be selfish. If you’re both gone, who will I hang out with?” Castiel nudges Sam with his shoulder and gets a small smile in return. “But Dean looks out for everyone. Someone has to look out for him too, and I can’t do it by myself.”
“Johnny is the first person who sees Baby as a woman. An adult,” Castiel finally manages, watching the screen as well. Baby is attempting to apologize to her father, which is fitting to what Castiel is saying, since her father is the one most desperate to cling to his daughter’s innocence. “Baby is the first to see Johnny as a person, beyond his class or his good looks.”
That’s really the best part, though Dean won’t admit it. His girlfriend and his best friend, stationed on either side, framing him with comfort and amusement and love. He couldn’t possibly be happier than he is right now.
, and I couldn’t look past my own needs to protect his dreams.” Mary squeezes Castiel’s hand. “You, though, have definitely gone against the grain to do what’s best for him.”
Hannah stands outside his door, nursing a candle of her own. Lisa narrows her eyes, then glances at Castiel in confusion. She knows all the refugees, and now she knows that Castiel is from Cielo.
Bela pauses, her breath coming quickly. When Dean stumbles, it makes her stumble, and really the only reason they’re making any progress at all is because Dean might have fallen already if she hadn’t been there to hold him up.
Castiel takes a deep breath and smiles at Jody. “Thanks for the ride,” he says. “I’ll see you around.”
Cas’s face lights up as soon as he sees Dean outside the door, and when he pulls Dean in for a hug, Dean can’t help returning it. He grips Cas’s shirt, keeping him close, and although he manages to resist the urge to actually smell Cas, it’s impossible to miss that lingering scent of peppermint.
. There was always a part of Castiel that liked to argue that Dean wouldn’t try to kiss him if he didn’t want to, but that little voice was always much too quiet in comparison to Dean himself repeatedly saying it didn’t matter-
I hope this chapter makes up for last chapter's mess. I originally wrote out a long note explaining some things but I think I'll leave it at this: last chapter was originally supposed to end with the scene on Dean's porch. I think my intentions would have been clearer if I'd carried through with that. From now on, I'm just going to stick to the plan, regardless of how long it takes.
Anna also answers, and as Castiel thought, she is thrilled to be the center of their parents’ attention, for possibly the first time in her life. Like Gabriel, she’s also happy that Castiel is happy, and she promises to talk to him again tomorrow when he calls Naomi and Chuck.
“I’ll hold you to that.” Dean smacks a kiss against Castiel’s hairline before he continues, “I mean it, though. We don’t have to have sex if you don’t want to.”
But when he starts to think about it, to think about why a simple drawing from a sweet boy makes him feel this way, he’s too terrified to stay on that train of thought. Instead, he abruptly switches gears and thinks of Lucifer. It’s depressing and makes him angry, but at least he knows what those emotions are, and how to handle them.
Dean relays this to Cas, who smiles slightly and closes his eyes. His head is pillowed on his bicep, and Dean is acutely aware of just how close Cas’s knee is to his own thighs.
, tucked under the almost aching fear of how people will react when they know, is that white light that Dean has been ignoring for almost a year. And that’s where Dean goes, pulling it forward, and with it comes the memory of kissing Cas, of dreams where they do far more, and all the little things that Dean really adores about Cas, the things that he wants to draw all the time. His hands, with long, graceful fingers. The straight length of his nose. The dip in his chin, now covered in stubble. The way his whole face scrunches up to fit his biggest grin. And those hooded blue eyes, always so intense and focused.
Castiel falls quiet again after that. At first, Dean’s okay with the silence. Castiel’s hands are still warm over his own, and he’s still purring softly, resting his head on Dean’s shoulder. It’s almost as if the weeks apart never happened, and this easy sort of affection warms Dean from the inside.
He doesn’t know much about Victor’s personality or his sense of humor or his relationship with Dean, but for some reason it doesn’t surprise him that yet
relationship.” The corner of her lip twitches when she catches Castiel’s wince, and it stretches into a smile when he blushes. “All that said, though, Dean’s in love with you. And that’s all that should really matter.”
?” Lisa throws her hands down, and with the wrinkle between her eyes and the solid set of her shoulders, Dean knows for sure that she’s angry now. “You kissed someone else! You’re only supposed to be kissing me, but you kissed
Dean’s mouth is watering as Cas spreads his wings and lays back, tucking his hands under his head. His erection is prominent, immediately grabbing Dean’s attention, and when Dean reaches out to wrap a loose fist around it, Cas’s hips move into the touch, and Dean doesn’t understand why he’s never done this before. Cas is gorgeous, his skin soft and glowing, and the way his body moves as Dean tightens his grip and settles into a rhythm is just sinful. The perfect juxtaposition to those beautiful wings and angelic eyes.
“You are a self-centered piece of shit, did you know that?” she says, nose wrinkling as if she can smell Dean’s sins leaking out his pores. “You’re so focused on your own problems, you never bothered to ask Cas about his. You just jerked him around, let him be there for you when it was convenient, then skipped off to fuck your sweet-faced little doll of a girlfriend and never had a thought to what Cas felt like in the aftermath. Fuck that!” She practically spits in his face, her hand gripping his t-shirt tight enough that he can feel the collar digging into his neck. “Like you’re such a perfect friend, Dean? Like you’ve never kept anything from Cas?”
Naomi’s bed is empty and made-up, but Anna is still asleep, so Castiel decides to grab a box of cereal and smuggle it into his room for breakfast that morning. It’s not exactly dignified, and he’ll leave crumbs in the sheets, but a maid will be in to change those later today, and no one’s around to witness his binge anyway.
, complete with trivia commentary from Dean and Jo. As the kids on the screen stumble up the beach towards their parents, Dean sits up and points at the screen.
Not much has changed in Dean’s basement bedroom. Some of the posters have been moved around, to make space for new ones and a few paintings. There’s a beautiful portrait of Mary in the corner, haloed by blonde hair, and a few smaller Batman prints by an artist that Dean idolizes, though Castiel can never remember his name. The bed is made, all records and books are put away and organized beautifully, and Castiel runs his fingers over Dean’s turntable as he follows him to the bed.
Something angry and possessive flares in Castiel’s chest, but he takes a deep breath and pushes it aside. “That’s not what I mean. You don’t… you can’t…” Castiel sighs, trying to gather his thoughts, but there’s no point. In this state of mind, the omega won’t care about concepts like ‘consent.’ Castiel will just have to hold onto his morals, and hope that everything will be understood on the other side of this debacle. “You haven’t even told me your name,” Castiel decides to say instead.
“Yeah,” and for some reason, Dean doesn’t feel as proud or as happy as he did ten minutes ago. “Last night.”
It’s hard to think about anything else, though, when Dean’s eyes are right there, pretty and green and framed by long lashes and so many freckles. Heat rises his Castiel’s cheeks, swoops through his belly, and he takes a step away from Dean before he can lose himself in this.
Dean glances over his shoulder at Castiel again. A nice alpha. A good alpha, who respects Dean’s needs and smells like honey and garden flowers.
“Thanks, but I already had the talk.” He starts to get up, but Michael throws an arm around his shoulder and holds him down.
They slip through a door marked ‘Employees Only,’ then up a flight of steps to another door, marked ‘No Entry.’ Cas rattles the doorknob and forces the door open, blacktop spreading out under his feet as he leads the way out onto the roof. The wind whips furiously at their ears, bringing with it the smell of salt and sand, and Dean finds himself drawn to the ledge. He can see the tiny lights of Sileas from here, just down the hill, and the ocean goes on forever, black as the sky above. There’s too many lights at the pool and tennis courts just below them to see stars up above, but Dean looks up anyway, to watch clouds move across the sky.
Cas does glance at Lisa, but it’s quick, and his eyes are back on Dean when he nods and pushes himself away from the barrier. When Dean starts to follow, Lisa turns to them, confused, but their departure is cut off by Charlie rushing forward and climbing halfway up the barrier to yell at the band, “
After they've discussed work and volunteering and how Dean has felt this week, Missouri asks if there's anything else Dean wants to talk about. He fidgets for a moment, staring at his hands in his lap.
“Cas?” she says, and Dean zones out again, letting his mind drift, in and out of clarity. He registers Lisa attempting to slide a hand under Dean’s back, and he can’t help her, can’t lift himself, and he laughs because it’s either that, or start crying over how much of a useless shit he is and how much he can’t believe that Lisa is even bothering to help him. If she had any sense, she’d cut her losses and leave him here to waste, but at the same time, Dean doesn’t know what he’d do if she did that. He can’t comprehend why people care about him, but he’s so fucking selfish, because he doesn’t want them to stop either.
Dinner is a much quieter affair after that, both of them preoccupied with finishing their meals as quickly as possible, and pretending they’re not leering at one another in the candlelight. Castiel finishes first, and makes a big show out of pulling a tin of Altoids from his back pocket and popping one into his mouth. Dean laughs at him, but quickly resumes eating, fast enough that he's probably not even tasting it anymore.
Heat crawls up Castiel’s face, but he opens the book, hiding behind it. He can still hear the little sounds of Dean’s pencil moving across the paper, creating some new vision, bringing to life whatever it is that lives in Dean’s head. Castiel takes a breath, peering over the top of his book, but Dean is focused on his drawing, and doesn’t seem to realize how flustered Castiel is.
Still unsure of how to breach this subject, Dean quickly averts his eyes. Unfortunately, they land again on the rabbits, limp and lifeless, and while Dean knows where his food comes from, and he understands that hunting is a necessity for someone who lives on his own, well… Dean has always been an eater of food. It’s someone else’s job to kill it.
She holds up a pack of cigarettes Castiel hadn’t even seen until she mentioned it, but he’s smart enough not to say so. Instead, he nods quickly, reaching behind him for the doorknob, ready to go back downstairs and pretend Dean’s mother doesn’t know he’s having sex with her son.
Castiel turns to glare at both girls, who just giggle under his gaze. “It doesn’t matter anyway, since we’re not… whatever.”
Within a half hour, the Winchester home is full and rowdy. Charlie and Dorothy bring armfuls of baked goods, and everyone squishes together on the couch to eat and laugh as they flip through the channels to try and find something everyone can agree on. Dean arrives in the middle of Jo and Charlie arguing over whether or not the Jim Carrey version of the Grinch deserves the attention it gets, and simply rolls his eyes and heads to the kitchen, where he eventually returns with plates of grilled cheese sandwiches and tomato soup.
“And in the meantime,” Pam says, leaning forward over the table, “Dean is pining away, sad and lonely, because the love of his life has decided it’s easier to ignore him than to deal with what’s wrong.”
I was in love with you at the concert.” He smiles slightly, cupping his hands around Dean’s face, stroking a thumb under his eye. “You had just stood up to Alastair, and I was in awe of your strength. I wished I could be so firm and brave to my family.” The smile grows as Castiel remembers a moment that had carried more emotion than a clueless sixteen year-old knew how to handle, how he had fumbled into that stolen kiss because he didn’t know how else to process the epiphany that had struck him so dumb. “I saw your potential,” he teases quietly, “all the amazing things I couldn’t see in myself. And I knew that I loved you, and had been falling from the beginning.”
“Man, Jody, it’s too early for this!” Still, Jo squeals and hurries to stand when Jody pulls the whistle back out. “Come on!”
But then Mary does something strange. She lifts her head and straightens her back, tightens her jaw and looks John dead in the eye. Even stranger, John actually ducks his head, submitting to her silent display. There’s an unspoken conversation happening here, one that Mary clearly has the upper hand in, but neither prince seems to think this is out of the ordinary, and soon enough, Mary is smiling again, though it doesn’t quite meet her eyes.
“Are you hungry? I have some venison stored away, if you’re hungry enough for that, or I can just make us a nice, cool-”
Dean laughs, putting the truck back in drive and heading back up the road. “You know she’ll kill you if she finds out. And God, how much eyeliner does one girl need?” Jo pouts at him when he meets her eyes in the rearview mirror, and he laughs again. “You look like a fucking punk raccoon.”
She asked this yesterday, and Castiel gives her the same answer he did then: “Don’t worry about it, Mother.”
“Baf’room,” Sam offers through a mouthful of pizza - he’s not as tense as Charlie and Jo suddenly are, so whatever is happening right now, Sam doesn’t know about it. Jo is trying so hard to avoid catching Castiel’s eye that she’s studying the ceiling, her chin in her hands and her fingers pressed tight against her lips.
“Well, let me try.” Aaron clears his throat and crumples his paper bag into a ball, tossing it towards a nearby garbage can. It misses by a few inches, and he groans, hurrying to retrieve it. “I’m new to town and Dean and his friends take me in-”
So he makes a small noise of affirmation and puts his arm around Dean’s waist, holding him close as they head into the lobby and wait for the elevator.
But there’s one thought that he can’t put away. Now that he’s let it out, it’s free, and it runs in circles around his head as he lays on his back in the dark, trying to fall asleep.
When Castiel moves to the sidewalk, Dean notices him, and amazingly, seems to brighten even more. He waves to whoever is in the lobby, then jogs over to meet Castiel. His arms are extended forward, but as he gets closer they start to drop, and his smile starts to fade into something uncertain, like rainclouds covering the sun. Something in Castiel’s expression must have given away his nervousness, so when Dean is close enough, Castiel reaches out with one hand to pull him into a hug.
“It’s nice to know my friend has found happiness,” Bela continues, as though Dean never interrupted her.
He thumbs through the pictures, smiling to himself as he goes from five year-old pencil sketches of Batman, to more recent paintings, explosions of color and light that still manage to take shape in recognizable forms. Castiel particularly loves a portrait of Charlie, her hair a brilliant red as she cradles the Earth to her chest, her skin painted in the purples and blues and blacks of the night sky, dotted with stars and constellations. Charlie had been the one to text him this picture after her birthday in December, just to brag about it. Castiel didn’t see a reason to bring her down by showing her all the versions of himself that Dean has drawn over the years, especially since her painting is particularly beautiful.
“Why would you want to waste money at the parking garage when you can just drop me off on the curb?”
“It sounds fun, actually.” Cas laughs outright when Dean groans. “Come on, Dean, they’re not terrible. The singer’s pretty good.”
Dean takes a few deep breaths, letting his skin cool off and staring blankly at the ceiling, attempting to force all those pictures out of his head, or at least tuck them away somewhere secret, the same place he hides that occasional desire to kiss Cas and his memories of doing so.
Cas closes his eyes and lets out a slow, deliberate breath. Then he opens his eyes and smiles beatifically at Dean. Dean doesn’t like it - Cas only smiles like that at other people. At people he’s trying to distract.
Naomi Milton cuts a formidable figure, in her gray pantsuit and heels, her auburn hair drawn up in a bun behind her head. Every detail is perfect, down to the pleats and pearls, and her smile is calm, though it doesn’t quite reach her eyes. “Castiel,” she says smoothly, “I knew you’d find your way home eventually.”
Finally, Castiel finds the strength to sit up, to pull his arms away and break Dean’s grip. A stricken look crosses Dean’s face, but it’s gone before Castiel can really focus on it, replaced by carefully crafted concern and curiosity.
Dean’s hands drag down Castiel’s sides, his lips moving to Castiel’s neck, and suddenly Castiel doesn’t really care how pathetic he is. He doesn’t care how dangerous this is, that Dean might hurt him again. He clutches the back of Dean’s shirt and tilts his head to give Dean better access, whimpering softly when Dean’s teeth tease at the skin under his ear. Dean laughs and bites again, just hard enough to make Castiel jump. He follows it up with a nuzzle, a few playful kisses, then pulls back to study Castiel’s face.
The Blackberry is ringing in his ear before he even realizes it, and a breathless “Cas?” ends the ringing before Castiel can change his mind.
Meg cocks an eyebrow, leaning over Pam to get closer to Dean. “What do you mean, you want him to be normal again?”
“All that palm reading crap is bullshit anyway,” Dean says, rubbing at his nose and grinning when Pam glares at him.
“You were really going for authenticity, huh?” When Dean shrugs bashfully, Castiel playfully bats at his arm. “Why not just take me to a real restaurant then?”
That’s nice, at least. Castiel has always liked knowing that animals trust him. And Impala is behaving herself, staying out of his garden and nibbling on the grass outside his gate. She’s a silent presence as he piles carrots and tomatoes into his basket, trying to decide if smoked venison would be too much for the omega’s sensitive stomach.
“I can’t believe you just…” she mutters, and Dean’s surprised he can hear her so well. What happened to all that noise? “He was… and you… and he was
And most of the time, Dean knows that Sam knows that. He knows that his mother knows that. Charlie, Jo, Benny,
Unfortunately, judging by the dreamy expression on Cas’s face, Dean is going to have to pretend otherwise, if he wants to avoid the upcoming meltdown for as long as possible. So, Dean plasters on a smile and holds a hand out to Meg, lying through his teeth as he says, “Nice to meet you.”
Jess twists in her chair, knocking her boots against Sam’s ankles until he twitches away from her, glaring playfully. She grins and asks, “Are you still going to try and make up with Dean?”
The car stops. Castiel looks up when Dean cuts the engine, and is taken aback by the sight before him: they’re up on a hill, with a clear view of the town, white lights like stars coming through the little windows. The ocean spreads out beyond, waves cresting so far out that the only way to tell where the water ends and the sky begins is by the stars, real stars, glittering overhead.
Dean looks crushed. His eyes are wide and his lower lip is trembling, and even though this makes Castiel feel a little guilty, mostly he feels relieved. He’s
Castiel tucks his feet under himself and manages to stand on his own, a little wobbly, but still upright. “What exactly is it that we’re doing tonight?”
There are conflicting voices in Dean’s head, screaming at him about Lisa, about all the people around them, about their siblings and friends being in that crowd, but the screaming quickly dies down to a flail and a whisper, because Dean’s heart turns over in his chest and he can’t help pressing against Cas, closing his eyes, and accepting the kiss for what it is, drinking it in before they both come back to their senses.
Bootsteps echo from the other end of the darkened hallway, just as they’re approaching the dining hall entrance. Sam appears, all but crashing into Dean, with his face flushed and sweaty and collar askew. Dean raises both eyebrows and grins.
So Dean shoves his fingers into his slick hole and cries into the blankets, shivering and writhing until he comes, and falls asleep.
, Cas! I don’t want to work through weirdness every time we see each other, I don’t want to feel like maybe you hate me every time you look at me, and I don’t-”
And the three of them get caught up in a discussion of wizards and hobbits, timelords and vulcans, vampire hunters and jedis, mutants and heroes. Castiel is familiar with some of what they’re talking about, though not enough to satisfy Charlie and Dean, who start making plans for days-long movie marathons to introduce Castiel to their favorite things. Dean is a Batman fan, and gushes about Tim Sale's artwork until Charlie teases him about having a crush on the man. But Dean's embarrassment only lasts until he remembers Charlie's idolization of Hermione Granger. However much the rest of the conversation has gone over his head, Castiel is at least familiar with the Harry Potter series, so he joins in the teasing, until the two boys together have left Charlie demanding to talk about anything else, her face almost as red as her hair.
“Right.” Lisa rolls her eyes and puts her hands on her hips. “That’s what he said, too. ‘Best friends,’ and he tells me that’s all there is to it, ‘just friends,’ and yet…” She exhales roughly. “You always ditch me whenever he calls. You don’t do that when it comes to Jo or Charlie or Pam, it’s just Cas! You forget I’m around when he’s there. You call him when you’re in trouble, even if I’m right there with you.” She’s stepping closer, brandishing a finger in Dean’s face. “When you were drunk that one time and Cas had to haul you home, you kept smelling him. I told myself, he’s drunk, he doesn’t know what he’s doing. Then I find out that you’ve been kissing him, and he says-”
When their bodies are still, their breath mingling between them, a final muffled cheer goes up before the noise dies away. Only then does Dean tuck his dick back in his boxers, then try to help Lisa redress, and only when Lisa is decent do they throw the blanket back, sit up, and breathe in cool air again.
She winks at him. “Everyone wants Dean to stay, so if you want any help of any kind, all you have to do is ask.”
They stare at each other for a long moment. Then, giggles start to bubble helplessly out of Dean’s mouth. And once Dean gets going, Castiel can’t stop himself from joining in. It’s half amusement at their idiocy, and half relief that they’re not going to dwell on how close they were when they woke up. Castiel just isn’t ready to face that, and it’s a little comforting to know that Dean is willing to ignore it too.
Lisa sits awkwardly for a second, before retreating to the kitchen, where she asks Mary for a ride home. Breakfast must be ready, because Mary immediately, almost enthusiastically, says yes, and Dean realizes that she must have heard everything. He groans softly and falls onto his back, a hand hanging over his eyes, as Lisa finds her shoes and Mary grabs her keys.
They’re seeing a Pixar movie, and there are plenty of grubby kids running around the theater, so Castiel chooses a pair of seats in the very back. He worries, briefly, if it won’t send the wrong message - he’s not in the mood for a make-out ‘fest - but then Dean is stomping up the stairs with an armful of snacks, and when Castiel chooses not to raise the armrest between them, Dean covers so well that Castiel almost doesn’t catch the way his smile falls.
“Sorry these aren’t the sexy shorts,” Castiel says dryly, sitting on the bed to take his shoes off. Dean sits next to him, humming thoughtfully.
Castiel stiffens, furrowing his brow as he waits for the bomb to drop. Dean’s expression would be pleading if it weren’t for the spark of irritation hidden in the twitch of his jaw.
Castiel’s eyebrows go up before he can catch himself, but he quickly schools his expression into something more neutral. “What did you hear?” is the smartest response.
Castiel frowns. "What does the color of her shirt have to do with anything? Ow!" He turns back to Charlie when she slaps his shoulder. "What?!"
“My mother made me wear this,” Castiel mumbles, still twisting the tie between his fingers. “And Sam invited me.”
Dean closes his eyes and shakes his head. Of course. His friends knew, so of course his Mom figured it out, and nobody bothered to share this information with him.
Apologies aren’t worth much when John will take any excuse to get Castiel out of the way, but Castiel reminds himself that that’s
He finds what he’s looking for eventually, and is immediately overwhelmed by the myriad of options before him. Multiple brands, sizes, textures of condoms stare at him in a rainbow of colors, and the lubricants have options like flavors, gels, warming and cooling. Castiel has no idea where to begin with either item, and struggles to focus on a single box long enough to actually pull it out and examine it.
“Only you can know how you really feel,” Missouri responds. “And it’s okay not to want to be labeled. It’s a big step just to acknowledge these feelings. But don’t forget.” She leans forward and puts a hand on his knee, smiling fondly at him. “You have me to talk to, and your mother loves you, and I’m sure your friends will support you just like they supported Charlie. So don’t worry too much, okay?”
“I’m so happy you’re back!” Sam babbles once Cas has wiggled free and sat down on Dean’s other side. “MySpace just isn’t the same, y’know, plus you’re, like, never on it! I posted a bunch of bands in your comments, did you see? I think you’ll really like them!”
That probably had something to do with Dean, but Castiel decided a long time ago that he would be keeping Meg and Dean firmly separate in his mind, because it only causes trouble when they mix.
Sam picks up on the awkwardness immediately, though he seems confused by it. “What can we do for you?”
“He was just grateful I offered to keep an eye on you. He’s a good kid. Well,” she sighs, “when he’s with other good kids, anyway.”
Michael regards him with narrowed eyes, but Castiel keeps his back straight and his chin held high, refusing to break under this sort of pressure. Naomi sighs, however, and rises to her feet, pressing her fingertips to her temples. “I’m neither blind nor deaf, Castiel. I heard Anna say that you slept with Dean-”
So she smiles at Castiel’s bowed head, nods at Dean, then tucks her arm under Castiel’s. “Come along. John is already waiting for us.”
Dean smiles to himself, pleased, and places the chicken in the oven. Sure, he has to go to a concert he really doesn’t want to go to, but at least with Cas, he’ll have someone to talk to. To be entertained by. “All right, then. It’s a date.”
And it’s a brief, stunted conversation, but as they sit together on the couch, watching stupid cartoons, a content kind of warmth spreads through Dean. It’s been a long time since he really had the chance to spend time alone with his brother. It helps that Sam gets along with most of Dean’s friends, but there’s still the facts that they go to different schools, that Sam is in some sort of soccer league year-round, that Dean has a job, that they’re both in happy relationships.
“The ground is soft and the flowers are comforting,” Castiel argues, but Dean just rolls his eyes. “I didn’t want to impose on you.”
“What’s wrong?” Dean asks quietly. There are still servants running around, yelling orders at each other, pretending they’re not paying attention to the prince and his new companion, but Dean still steps forward and cups Castiel’s chin in his hands. “Don’t be nervous, this is just-”
“Cas, come on,” Dean snaps, dropping his hands to his sides. “I don’t want us to tiptoe around each other all the time, didn’t I make that clear last year?” He exhales roughly, running his fingers through his hair as Castiel remembers an argument in Dean’s kitchen, an attempt at a stolen kiss that Castiel wasn’t ready to give. “If we fight, I want us to fight and talk and listen and deal with it. Okay? I can’t… I can’t
“Exactly,” she cuts him off. “I am completely aware of that. I just think that maybe you don’t realize which different planes he and I are on.”
Dean’s enthusiasm makes Castiel smile, brings back that feeling of warmth and acceptance, and suddenly he’s laughing again, and Dean is laughing with him, and they throw their arms around each other’s shoulders before they stumble off into the sand to enjoy their freedom.
Because Castiel is starting to understand that there is a gap in their relationship that needs bridged. Dean is not a virgin. He’s never said so, but Castiel is fairly certain that Dean has slept with people besides Lisa and Aaron, while Castiel could never quite get into the idea of having sex with Meg. Even with Dean, the interest is there, but usually only after Dean has initiated it.
He picks up where he left off, experimenting to see what kind of reactions he can draw out: twists and touches and loose and tight and smearing pre-come around the head when it appears. Between the hint of that smell and the way Cas groans and flops forward, his forehead pressed against Dean’s chest, Dean is overwhelmed by the urge to taste Cas. To see if there’s more he can do with his mouth, if those noises change when Dean uses his tongue instead of his fingers.
Castiel stares at his lap for a few seconds before sighing again. “Will it get Jo to stop leaving threatening messages?”
Dean opens his mouth to respond, but as he takes in the flush of Cas's cheeks, the spark in his eyes, he realizes that they're not just talking about Harry Potter anymore. Not to mention, this is the Cas that Dean has been missing. This bull-headed boy who is willing and ready to fight for what he believes in, who looks so incredibly beautiful, like a righteous angel, even though they're just arguing about the potential outcome of a children's book.
He is genuinely concerned about Lisa swooning over Cas, though. Every other girl he knows has done it. Even Charlie, and it turns out she’s pretty gay. And Dean occasionally catches himself studying the bridge of Cas’s nose, the dip of his chin, the length of his neck, though he likes to tell himself that it’s all in the name of art. And that it’s not weird that he likes drawing Cas so much. Or that he ends up heavily basing his favorite characters on Cas.
None of it lines up. Dean can’t imagine a world where Cas has been anything but completely honest with him, but he can’t wrap his head around the idea of Lisa saying something like that just because she’s angry. Especially because she didn’t look so angry when she’d said it. The rest of that stuff, how Dean treats Cas differently than he treats his other friends, well, Dean has already kind of accepted that. But having to face that either one of them might be lying to him…
Castiel closes his eyes, brings his hands to his face, and forces himself to take a deep breath. Hannah’s crisp, strawberry scent breaks through, and Castiel’s heartbeat starts to slow.
Dean sits up and stares blearily at the clock on his desk until the numbers come into focus. Just after eleven. He doesn’t have to work today, and he really should do something nice for Cas. To thank him for helping out with Lisa.
Dean huffs out a laugh and runs a hand over his face. “I’m a little freaked out. He keeps talking about places he could find me or my friends.”
Words catch in Dean’s throat, the same ones that won’t stop ringing in his head, but Cas leans down to kiss him, gently, and whispers, “I know.”
They haven’t shown up yet, though, and Dean is honestly basking in the moment. His episode at the boardwalk a few days ago was embarrassing, but he thinks he’s learned from it: when Cas and Meg arrive? He’ll just go take a nice, long walk. And for now, Dean will enjoy the simplicity.
spoken all the thoughts he hasn’t been able to get out, either because he didn’t understand them or because the situation didn’t give him the opportunity. And it feels
It’s so dark out that Castiel isn’t sure how she knows just where to go without a flashlight, but then he supposes she’s made the trip enough times that it doesn’t matter. Besides, when he looks up again, he can see the cool glow of a lantern through the trees up ahead, the same place that the voices are coming from. Bela slows down until she’s walking next to him and takes his hand. Immediately, his heartbeat picks up, and his mouth goes dry.
Maybe they were never meant to be friends. Dean doesn’t like to think about it, but he did initiate that first kiss two years ago. It wasn’t an accident, it was drunken curiosity, and Dean only panicked when Cas did. He told Cas it didn’t mean anything, talked out of his ass about choosing what meant something and what didn’t and whether or not your actual first had to be the one you cherished for the rest of your life.
“I don’t like wanting to own another person,” she says slowly, as if these are things she's still figuring out for herself. “I don’t like being so jealous all the time, that someone else can give you things I can’t. I don’t like thinking that what I can give you isn’t enough.” She runs a hand through her dark hair, and Dean feels the urge to imitate the movement, drag his hands all through her soft, dark hair, just in case he never gets the chance to do it again. “Dean, I only started sleeping with you because I was afraid of losing you. And I don’t regret the decision. Please don’t think I do. But, I do regret the reason.”
Anna rolls her eyes. “I’m not his secretary. I’m just telling you he’ll be in town, and since he’ll have a visitor and Dad is watching us, he’ll probably be allowed out and about whenever he wants.”
Ah, but that’s the big question, isn’t it? Dean frowns and crosses his arms over his chest. “It’s complicated,” he says. “We’ll be discussing it at dinner this evening.”
Cas has only just sat back when Victor coughs, “Bullshit!” from the other side of the circle. Dean turns to glare at him, but Victor just shakes his head. “That wasn’t even a kiss, Winchester, what the hell!”
But when he finally reaches Castiel’s door, the scent is pungent and concentrated, enough to make Dean dizzy, but there’s no extra musk or muted alpha come smells that give away rut. Castiel’s scent is just really heavy, for whatever reason. Maybe it’s just in Dean’s head.
“Be confident when you ask. And honest. Tell her you want to kiss her, but you don’t want to upset her parents. She’ll appreciate you respecting her and her family enough to ask.”
“Good night,” Castiel calls after her, before turning to glare at a properly abashed Hannah. “Are you trying to get me hung? You have to know the king is watching me like a gryphon.”
“I told you when I got here, I only had penetrative sex twice,” Castiel begins, “but I didn’t tell you why.”
“What did he say?” Dean asks, crossing his arms over the table. Charlie tilts her head to affectionately press her temple against Gilda’s, still not looking at Dean.
The immediate urge is to throw a punch, to put his knuckles right in Cas’s mouth, but Dean refrains, tells himself to save it for the next house party. Instead, he sits up, glaring at Cas, who glares right back.
Lisa steps out of the passenger side and takes Dean’s hand before they walk over and take a seat next to Charlie and Jo. Dean flicks the corner of the book and makes a face. “Lee draws the weirdest women.”
Dean is hard and he is close, and when she lays down on her back and lets him crawl between her legs, watches him fumble with the condom, he tries to warn her: he’s never done this before. This might suck. If it hurts she needs to tell him. It’ll probably only take a minute. And Lisa, God bless her, she just laughs and tells him everything will be okay, and maybe it means something that he believes her.
“Don’t be. I definitely deserved it.” Castiel wants to argue with him, but when Dean shifts closer, cupping his hands around Castiel’s face, he loses his train of thought. “Can I kiss you now?”
Dean chuckles softly and shakes his head. “Like I can’t breathe, but everything is fine and I’m okay and happy.”
Dean swallows, his head flashing with images of black feathers and blue eyes. His stomach drops, leaving him flushed and a little nauseous as he silences his phone and slips it back into his pocket.
It’s the last thing Dean expected to hear. Yelling, sure. Crying, maybe. Hugs and kisses, well, a guy can dream. But this? This flips Dean’s world upside-down. It means that he could have prevented all of it. He could have had this fight a year ago and already made things right. He could’ve had Cas’s support throughout the trial, and someone to talk to about therapy. They could have avoided all the awkwardness, maybe had a genuinely warm greeting when Cas arrived in town.
He can’t do it now. Maybe after Lisa gets back from San Francisco, when he can hold her and kiss her and remind himself what he’s really here for, maybe then he can talk to Cas again, look him in the eyes and not think about Cas on his knees with a dick in his mouth.
What the hell is this all about? Castiel contemplates just calling Dean to save time, but decides against it.
Mary’s jaw tightens, like she wants to continue, but Dean’s grateful when she nods again and goes back upstairs. The headache is so bad now that he doesn’t even want to make the effort to find the aspirin, so he stumbles downstairs to his room and flops down on his bed, pulling the blanket over his head and welcoming the darkness.
Dean rolls his eyes, setting the plates back in the box they came in, the wiping his hands on a stray napkin. “That’s what Jo said, and I told her, this is
Naomi nods, and a little tension goes out of her shoulders when she notices the cereal. She rolls her eyes as Castiel closes the box and sets it aside. “You shouldn’t be eating in bed anyway.”
Still humming, he glances up and grins at Anna, stationed on the couch. “Who are you watching now?” he asks, laughing when she jumps and turns to him, her red hair fanning out in a halo around her head.
“I met Dean in town,” he says suddenly, smiling at the confusion on his brother’s face. “His mother is a waitress, and his brother plays league soccer, and his best friends are all a bunch of geeks and nerds, and they like me, and I like them.”
Maybe he should’ve tried to find Cas sooner. He’d wanted to go back within a week of getting home, but his disappearance had worried his mother more than he expected. He is a grown-ass man, and she barely let him out of her sight for days, taking every opportunity to cry about how she had thought he was dead or abducted and he should never,
“Sorry, ma’am,” Dean mumbles, ducking his head again. Castiel frowns, bothered by this more submissive side of Dean. “I just… don’t you live in Seaside?”
Castiel bows his head and sweeps his arms out to the side. “It’s under control. Please don’t be afraid.” She’s smart to still keep her distance, even as her body relaxes, and Castiel doesn’t hold it against her. “Who else is here?” he asks, keeping his voice soft.
Castiel rolls his eyes, leaning back in his seat. “Just stay on the 101, it functions as Main Street. You’ll stumble on it.”
Castiel hesitates, listening to Bela’s soft breathing on the line. “My, um…” He struggles to find the right word, “my friend Bela wants to know if she can join us?”
Castiel smiles back, slowly. Where his father had created Jared and Jensen, the masculine-but-emotive stars of his book series, from his own head, there are other characters within the over-arching story that are based on his children. It’s one of his rare displays of love, especially towards Castiel, whose mother had saddled him with an unusual and clumsy name. The only thing worse would be to have that name in a popular book series. Thankfully, his father had based the angel on him, but given the character a different name.
“I’ll tell him that I’ll only visit him, if you can come visit me.” Dean grins. “That way, problem solved. I’ll get to see you no matter what.”
for the story on my tumblr, so the art is all in one place to enjoy :) (as of now, the first image is nsfw so please click carefully!). Or, for a little while a lovely anon was sending me character questions about the boys and the story that I actually really loved so you can find those in
“How’s, um,” and John always stutters a little here, like he can’t believe he’s about to say this, “how’s your painting class?”
Cas. His hair is slicked down and he’s grown another few inches, his broad shoulders and sharp features taking him away from ‘awkward and lanky teen’ and closer to ‘classically handsome young man.’ He’s laughing, probably at something Jo said, considering she’s got her arms wrapped around his waist, and his smile is still that wide, toothy thing that shows too much gum, but Dean actually feels himself smile at the sight. It breaks him out of his stupor, gets his legs working enough to open the front door and step outside.
“I’m sorry about Bela,” Cas offers as soon as they’re out of earshot. Dean glances at him, one eyebrow raised. “I’m kind of… we’re not really… but…” Castiel makes a frustrated noise and drops to sit in the sand, not caring if the waves come up to his thighs. “It’s complicated.”
“No.” And Castiel approaches her again, though he feels Dean’s fingers brush his arm again. “No, you don’t get to try and justify this. You and Dad being away all the time is why Lucifer left, haven’t you figured that out yet?” He brandishes a finger at Michael, who shrinks in on himself as if he knows what’s coming. “Luke and Michael fought all the time. Terrible,
Dean finally looks up, but it’s to glare in Alastair’s direction, which Castiel takes as a small comfort. Before he or Dean can speak, however, Bela beats them to it.
Dean’s happy smell sours so quickly that Castiel feels ill, and he wonders how it isn’t bothering John the same way. “So if Dean is sent away and Sam needs to rule, you would find Sam an omega prince or princess?”
She waves that off, and they both step forward as the line moves. “No bother. It’s not every day a handsome young man like you comes into town.”
“The croissants here are really good,” Aaron offers, eyeing the menu. He’s trying to be friendly, and part of Castiel feels guilty about the other part that immediately raises its hackles, viewing Aaron as some sort of predator or villain.
“You don’t want to talk to Cas?” Dean looks crushed, and Castiel isn’t sure what to do here. He doesn’t mind being blown off -- it’s uncomfortable for him, too, to be introduced to his boyfriend’s estranged father over the phone on such short notice -- but Dean seems to have been hoping for something more significant, and after such a wonderful morning, Castiel doesn’t want to see those hopes dashed. Unfortunately, John Winchester can’t see the expression on Dean’s face, and the best Castiel can do is place a steadying hand on Dean’s arm.
But, as always, the worst part is the tick of seconds as he waits for the first reaction. Dean hopes he’ll get used to this eventually, but even in class, there’s always a sense of anxiety buzzing through his nerves as he waits for Sonny or one of his classmates to critique his work.
Castiel takes a short breath, hesitating. His voice is so quiet that Dean almost doesn’t hear when he says, “Then. You’ll come see me again?”
“Mother defended me,” Castiel says. Dean’s thumb stops moving. “She apologized and said she just wanted me to be happy.” He sighs, lowering his head to Dean’s neck. “I don’t know if she means it or if she’s just trying to bribe me into doing something else.”
Dean jerks back a little, his eyes wide, but he grabs Castiel’s arms almost like he’s afraid Castiel will disappear again. His lips move, but no sound comes out, so Castiel huffs and moves his hands to the back of Dean’s neck, pressing their foreheads together.
“She’s visiting her mom in Portland,” Dean mumbles, turning back to his sketchbook and ignoring Charlie when she pushes into his personal space to watch. “So nope, you don’t get to steal my girlfriend today.”
Dean is apologizing, and Castiel is finally starting to put the puzzle pieces together, wondering if he shouldn’t be apologizing too. Dean doesn’t know. He has no idea. And thinking back on it, Castiel can’t really think of a reason why he should. It’s not like Castiel has made his feelings obvious in the past. He’s typically been the one to show some restraint, push Dean away and tell him no when he gets too close. So no wonder Dean would think Castiel could just brush this off.
“Why?” Castiel snorts, shaking his head. “You’re Dean’s friend, right? You’re friends with his friends, shouldn’t you be angry with me too?”
The movie is unexpectedly romantic, considering it’s about a couple of robots in space, and it brings up a myriad of emotions that Castiel has no idea how to process. The dorky little robot reminds him of Dean, willing to do whatever it takes to help his Apple-knock-off love interest, from holding an umbrella over her head to keep her dry in the rain, to following her into space, hanging off the side of a rocket ship.
Cas winces and lifts his head, biting his upper lip for a moment. “I don’t want to guilt you,” he says. “You put enough on yourself, I don’t want to add to that. I just… wanted you to know.”
“Good boy,” Castiel says, pressing kisses up the line of Dean’s neck, under his ear, over his cheekbone. Then, and only then, does Castiel sit up and change his position. He’s still not going to knot Dean, not until Dean can explicitly tell him that it’s all right to do so, but he can still do
“Okay,” says Michael, his eyebrows still furrowed in confusion. “We’re waiting for a court, though, so...”
But the words catch in his throat as he thinks of Lisa. He hasn’t really had the chance to see her since that awful party, and they haven’t had sex since the first time. Maybe that’s what he really needs. To be with Lisa, maybe sleep with her, and remind his body what it really wants.
Now, Jody finally looks suspicious. Going back over it in his head, Castiel knows it’s a terrible lie, but after a few brief seconds of eyeing the boys up, she drops her hands to her hips and nods. “You think they’re still there?”
Dean frowns at her retreating back, and decides keep the space between him and Anna, resting his coffee where Jo had been. Anna leans back into the bench, crossing her arms over her chest, pouting like a champion.
Castiel sighs, turning back to the ocean. He really doesn’t want to talk about this, but Dean’s gesture is kind and Castiel is tired of rejecting that kindness.
Aaron blinks, and takes a moment to think about it. “Well. Actually, it took a little while. We talked about sexuality a lot, but he didn’t make the offer until, I dunno… a week later? Maybe a little longer. Around there.”
When he gets upset. The thing that Castiel knows is present but has never entirely understood, the way that Dean questions himself and sometimes ends up silent and curled inward, his hands pressed against his head as he fights his way back to reality. Fighting the monsters in his mind, all alone.
“She decided to take Anna out today,” he says, stepping into the house and closing the door behind them. “Said she was tired of me, and to tell you that you owe her double.”
Cas’s shoulders slump, but otherwise he doesn’t move, not even to respond. Dean swallows again, then nods, even though he knows Cas can’t see, before fumbling with the doorknob and scrambling back out into the hallway.
He turns just in time to catch Dean’s wounded look before he can get himself under control. “Look, Cas-”
Dean scowls down at his lap. His dick is still hanging out, so he distracts himself by re-dressing, and though he feels Cas moving next to him, he refuses to look. "Why not?"
Gabriel has that know-it-all smirk on his face, every time he comes in, and Michael is practically glowing. His smile is so wide it makes him look eight years younger, and Castiel would think that that can only be a good thing, if they weren’t so keen on keeping him in the dark and ignoring all his questions.
“That so?” Dean challenges, only realizing it’s a trap once the words are out of his mouth and Cas breaks into a grin.
“I’d like to see you and Sam again,” John says. “So maybe your mother and I can work something out. Have you boys come out here for Christmas, or something.”
The worst part, the most cliche and sappy thing Dean has ever done, are those clouds Meg is pointing at. Two of them house oversized, electric blue eyes, crying bolts of white lightning. That pretty color Sonny had recognized in class, the color that Dean always uses when he draws Cas’s eyes, and they stare out at the road, just as accusing and hurt and sad as Cas had been, all those months ago.
But Naomi is his mother, and John is a complete stranger. Castiel isn’t even sure what he looks like, let alone what kind of personality he has, now that he’s sober. And while Castiel had once believed himself willing to sever any and all ties to his family in the name of freedom, he knows that Dean is not made of that stock. Castiel appearing on a Kansas doorstep, forcing himself into the situation, may not be the best idea if Dean wants to properly reconnect with his father.
Because while Dean finds Cas’s voice and his logic and his dry sense of humor comforting, a kiss is ten times better. Lisa never has to know.
, Harvelle, you know what this was about,” Dean yells after her, but she ignores him, following Benny down the stairs with a quick wave over her shoulder. Dean grumbles to himself, turning back to his food, and Castiel reaches over to put a hand on Dean’s wrist.
“Maybe we can arrange something,” Castiel says. “A dinner, this summer. You can meet Sam, and Mary.”
"Yeah, well, he's a dick," and Dean seems to be genuinely worked up, rubbing a hand over his face before gripping his handlebars so tightly his knuckles turn white. "Are all your siblings like that?"
A laugh makes its way out of Dean’s mouth, but it doesn’t sound anywhere near joyful. “Nah. Turns out I don’t need booze to be a wreck.”
“I’m gonna have highs and lows like everyone else,” Dean continues. “My lows might be worse than some other people’s, but I never want to be that low again. So I paint flowers.”
“I want to declare my intentions for Dean,” Castiel says. His voice sounds louder than normal, echoing against the high-ceilings. “Is there a tradition for this in Winchester?”
Dean takes a few deep breaths, trying to let Cas’s words sink in. He’s not wrong; Dean is reluctant to fight and has a lot of people he asks Alastair to leave alone. There are plenty of kids who would happily do more for less. There’s a warning in the back of Dean’s head, telling him that Alastair won’t just let him dash happily into the sunset, but now that his head is clearing, Dean can tell himself that Alastair should be afraid of him. Dean could take him down easily, if he had to, and Alastair knows just how protective Dean is of his loved ones. That’s how he got Dean into this mess in the first place.
“You’re more sensitive than I thought,” Dean comments, pulling Castiel’s slacks back into place, zipping him up. He follows this up with a small huff of laughter, draping himself over Castiel’s body and pressing his nose into Castiel’s neck. “Must’ve been a long school year for you.”
They’re alone on the rooftop, the wind still rushing around them, so Castiel allows himself to nuzzle into Dean’s shoulder, holding Dean and allowing himself to be held. “What if I never want to,” Castiel mumbles, and he feels Dean’s chuckle more than he hears it.
Dean’s hand moves to the back of Castiel’s neck, holding him steady as he presses a kiss to Castiel’s forehead. “Remember how you said you wished we could’ve gone to prom together?”
Everyone goes their separate ways once outside, though Jo steals a quick hug from Cas before taking off after Pam and Ash, who live on the same street she does. Cas lingers, following Dean to his truck and inspecting it with a look of disgust.
“Call me Mary, please. ‘Winchester’ is such a mouthful,” she laughs. “I’m a waitress. If you’re in town for the summer, I’m sure you’ll find me bustling around somewhere. Dean!” She sets her spoon down, and Dean folds up the paper bags and sets them atop the fridge before turning to look at her. “Can you take care of dinner? I’m going to go say hi to the girls, then take a little nap before my shift starts.”
?” before Impala starts to trot off to the right. Dean blinks in surprise, then turns back to his friends.
, but Dean exaggerates a wince before turning to Cas. “Cas and, uh…” He licks his lips when Cas meets his gaze. “Cas and me.”
But that's a terrible way to handle things. It's selfish. A band-aid over a gaping wound, and maybe that's what Cas is aiming for, but Dean won't be satisfied with it. Not until they have the chance to actually talk about what happened.
Nausea reappears when Alastair’s voice slithers from the speaker, “Why, hello, Dean. What can I do for you on this fine evening?”
Dean seems surprised and pleased by the gesture, but Castiel groans, running his hands through his hair. “Coming home in a cop car will honestly just make it worse,” he says, trying to ignore the hurt look on Dean’s face. “It’s late enough in the day that people will see, and if it gets back to my parents? Forget grounded, I’m chained up in my room at
Sam’s team takes a water break just as Charlie and Cas arrive, and Sam all but launches his sweaty self at Cas. Dean grins, and Charlie giggles as she takes a seat next to him on the grass, while Cas carefully hugs Sam back, trying to keep the look of disgust and surprise off his face.
He knows that running off and leaving Dean like that was cruel. He knows that, regardless of the ways Dean has screwed up in the past, he doesn’t deserve to be left alone without answers after all but offering his heart on a silver platter. Castiel is well-aware that he has fucked this up royally, and that Dean is probably suffering for it.
There are still tons of kids swarming about, creating enough white noise that Dean feels certain their conversation won’t be overheard. He leans against the wall, and Cas follows suit, staring at him with raised eyebrows. “Talk to me about what?” he repeats.
“We should go,” Dean suggests when he notices Jody’s car still idling nearby. “She won’t leave until we do.”
Before sleep takes him, Castiel wonders something he's entertained and dismissed before, late at night when the world is quiet enough for his loneliness to sneak up on him: would Dean would move in with him, if he asked? The thought is there-- they could sleep like this every night-- but then it fades into a dream, and it’s gone.
Dean, and he wants them to work through this. He can manage a movie, if it helps get them through the woods faster.
“Then explain Lisa,” Castiel shoots back. “And honestly, this is starting to look like a pattern for Dean, so maybe I don’t
“Cas is back?” he repeats. Lisa blinks, her eyes going wide. Charlie giggles in his ear. “Where are you guys? Does he have a free pass tonight?”
The world feels small and bright in this moment, and the future suddenly seems endless. There are a lot of things that Castiel is still unsure about, but for some reason, he just knows, deep in his bones, that Dean will be a constant presence in his life for a long time. It’s hard to hold a grudge in that case, especially when beyond his bones and into his heart, pumping through his bloodstream, is the knowledge that Dean means no harm, and the certainty that Dean will someday be a
“I’m really not a fan of Ed Norton,” Castiel offers, but is quickly humbled by a triforce of angry glares. He holds up his hands in surrender and sighs. “Alright, alright, alright. I get it. Dean is all sad eyes and freckles like a beagle puppy, so you feel bad for him.”
“Same,” she says softly. And something in the air shifts. But whatever it is that hangs between them, they don’t acknowledge it, choosing instead to curl up together for just a few more moments.
said you wanted to wait!” Dean snaps back, though there’s less anger in his tone, and something a bit more akin to desperation. “We weren’t together. You’re not my boyfriend. I didn’t cheat. I knew you had feelings for me, but I
Dean’s brow furrows in thought. “Is that the bald guy that comes on TV late at night to talk about Jesus?”
See, not so long this time! Made it about a week or two earlier :) And the last chapter hopefully shouldn't take so long: it's mostly action, and I have a good half of it already written in my head. Also, Young Volcanoes was giving me more to go with than the DCBB so I had to drop out, unfortunately :( Maybe next year!
At least Cas will be here tomorrow. And Charlie is driving down from Gonzaga for the funeral, and Jo and Pam are making plans to show up. Aaron, Benny, and Victor said they’d try their damnedest to be there on time too.
“Didn’t I tell you value was subjective?” Cas frowns and shakes his head. “That drawing took time and determination, and you did it for me. Frankly, I thought the pencils weren’t enough, but what could I do?” He spreads his hands out in front of him and wiggles his fingers. “My hands are not as talented as yours.”
Dean fights whoever’s holding him, but their arms just tighten, and that’s when Dean is hit with a whiff of peppermint.
“Yeah, well, I’m not in love with you, Joanna Beth,” Dean snaps. He makes a face at her when she pretends to be wounded, but Castiel just stares at Dean, wide-eyed. It’s not a declaration,
And Dean hates that burning sensation in his eyes and sinuses, the blurriness in his vision, but he doesn’t hate that anywhere near as much as he hates Cas when Cas softly says, “That’s not true.”
“Cas,” she finishes warmly, shaking the offered hand. “It’s wonderful to finally meet you. Sorry I haven’t been around.” She glances sheepishly around the room. “I work so much, the boys kind of have to take care of themselves most of the time.”
do something to you too, he doesn’t deserve this. So… will you come to dinner tonight? And just, talk to him, maybe?”
“Pay attention sometime!” Charlie rolls her eyes. “We were talking about next year’s classes. What did you sign up for?”
Dean huffs, looking out over the ocean. Waves crash noisily in the distance, white foam rushing towards their ankles. “When my dad’s business went under and he started drinking, he and my mom fought all the time. Yelling, broken dishes, dad storming out and not coming back until after I’d gone to bed. I was really little, but I still remember all of it.” Dean exhales slowly, watching the clouds coming in from the horizon, dark and heavy with rain. For the first time, Castiel realizes why Dean has been so understanding about his situation: Dean truly knows what it’s like to live with the kind of negative energy and constant tension Castiel has to go through. He understands the idea of a family that’s not quite broken, but maybe it should be, and Castiel feels all his stress suddenly draining from his body. The thought that Mary left her husband, that Dean’s family did end up broken in the end, scares Castiel a little, but at the same time, Sam and Dean are wonderful, talented kids, and Mary is there for them as much as she can be. So maybe it’s not so bad after all.
Dean leans back slightly and takes a deep breath, never taking his eyes off of Castiel. “Have you,” he starts, then pauses until Castiel runs his hands down his chest and smiles encouragingly. “Have you ever had the wind knocked out of you?”
her. He goes to these parties to help Alastair get new clients and to help him keep the current ones in line, and if he has to get drunk to do the job, then that’s the way it is. As long as it keeps Lisa, and Sam, and Charlie and Jo, and everyone else that Dean cares about, as long as it keeps them safe from Alastair and his crew, then Dean will do what he has to do.
“Yeah,” Dean answers immediately, glad for the opportunity to finally be supportive of Cas for once. He slides out of bed and starts shuffling through the clothes on the floor, looking for his boxers. “Yeah, gimme time to shower and I can be there. Will Michael be a problem?”
Dean shrugs, but there’s a small smile on his face when he says, “Pam didn’t even come home for Christmas anyway, so it doesn’t really matter, I guess.”
Dean swallows and closes his eyes. Castiel shifts Ruby’s weight against his side, then glances at Dean. The pieces are starting to fall into place: a bad crowd of drunk kids, some possibly older, wasting time after dark in an abandoned lot. Dean, who has been such a beacon of light in Castiel’s life, is suddenly even more withdrawn and secretive, too ashamed to answer Castiel’s questions. And now, this unknown boy, thrown to his knees in front of Dean. He’s in his pajamas, no socks under his tennis shoes, and he seems to be well-aware of what’s going to happen to him now, as he stares up at Dean.
“Why was Castiel banned from seeing Dean in the first place? He wouldn’t have snuck out or lied if it wasn’t forbidden, so I’m just wondering why it was forbidden at all.”
She’s not smiling anymore, not amused by his antics. Her brow is furrowed and her eyes are wide, and when Dean approaches her, she takes a small step back. Perturbed, Dean gently takes her hand, brushing his thumb over her knuckles. “Are you okay?” he asks, leaning in to ensure she can hear him over the music.
“But when does that end?” Charlie cuts in. “When are you going to see him again? Because if you’re not, then you should at least tell him that.
“We’re not Ross and Rachel, goddammit,” Dean mutters, but he steps back and releases Castiel’s shirt, just to take his hand and lead him towards the door. The easy, affectionate touch makes Castiel’s heart flutter, and he wonders if maybe it is just this easy after all.
“That color is lovely on you, Luke,” he calls. Lucifer grips the railing when Gabriel throws an arm around his shoulder and winks down at his youngest siblings.
Dean, however, raises his eyebrows and takes in a slow breath when he recognizes Castiel, then immediately turns back around, taking a swig from a long, clear bottle and rubbing at his face. Castiel’s smile drops, but Bela’s tugging on his hand again, gesturing for him to sit down next to Dean. The other two girls approach, one of them pulling a pair of black leggings out of the bag at her hip. “You shoulda told me you were bringing a date, Bela,” the girl teases, tossing her blonde hair off her shoulder as Bela takes the offered leggings and starts to pull them on. “I would’ve brought something more comfy for him too.”
I'm so sorry for the delay! This time of year sucks for me because I work in retail, but it's been worse this year because of other shit going on. In fact I got called in early today, so I'm sort of in a rush to post haha. No need to go into it, because this fic is my happy place :) I hope you guys liked it!
Dean frowns. Cas has never dated anybody, and he’s only ever kissed two people in his life, one of which is Dean himself. So what the hell does Cas know about it?
“No,” Bela responds, pulling him away from the tree and leading him back out to the road. “You don’t. And neither do I. But Cas doesn’t particularly care about that, so I don’t know why you do.”
“Stay.” The word hangs in the air as Castiel’s hands drop, as all the fight seems to go out of him. Still, he hesitates, so Dean shifts, trying to push himself up, but he can’t. The heat is starting to burn again, his cock is already hard, and Castiel’s hands twitch at his sides. “Please.”
While he scrubs down, he wonders what Dean could possibly be doing that requires so much help. It must be something good, because there’s no other way that Dean could’ve talked Gabriel into it. That said, it could be a prank. All three Miltons could be working together to pull something over on him, while Dean waits alone at the Roadhouse. Castiel hopes that, regardless of how Anna and Gabriel feel about what they know, they wouldn’t be that cruel.
“I paint you so often, Sonny keeps saying he wants to meet my ‘Helga,’” Dean says with a shrug and a roll of his eyes.
"Shut up!" The boy snaps back, a blush creeping up his neck as he turns back to Cas. He's anxiously turning the frisbee in his fingers, his dark hair floating in the breeze. "Are you okay?"
The taste on Dean’s tongue is familiar, not all that different from the way Lisa tastes, and as he lets Cas’s dick slip from his mouth, Dean decides he likes it. No matter the source, Dean likes this taste, this smell, and he likes the way people smile as they catch their breath. He did that, put that smile there.
“Of course she’s-” But Dean’s cut off when Cas slaps a hand over his mouth, muffling his words. His fingers are strong, and they smell like sea salt, and Dean blushes when Cas smirks at him.
And it's so strange that Cas pulls away and stares at him, eyes round like the moon, like he doesn't feel anything except surprise. Because again, just like last year, electricity shoots through Dean, from his lips to the tips of his fingers, leaving them numb. So Dean smiles, and Cas raises his eyebrows, lips parted.
Dean raises an eyebrow, and chuckles when he follows Castiel’s gaze. “Looks like. We partied all night long again, Charlie.”
“I finally started reading that book series Becky is always talking about,” she offers, pulling her hair behind her ears. Castiel laughs at Dean’s dramatically disgusted face, and Charlie rolls her eyes. “It’s not as incesty as she makes it out to be. It’s actually pretty interesting, and the mythology is more solid than I would've expected."
am not a ‘situation’ to be ‘handled!’” Castiel snaps, taking a few more steps back from Michael. “How is this even any of your business?”
“I’m…” Dean’s not okay. He’s far from okay. The temptation to call Alastair is huge and heavy and the only thing keeping him from doing it are the promises he’s made to his mother and Sam. “I’m surviving. How are you?”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says, lips twitching up in a smile. “We were just admiring this mural. I don’t remember seeing it here before.”
“It’s me,” Dean says, still staring at the chicken in his hands. It’s easier to stare at that than to risk looking at Cas, though neither of them have really moved since Cas started this conversation. “The lost little boat in the big storm, it’s me. It’s what I felt after… after Lisa dumped me.”
“Gabe’s coming back in a couple days,” Cas says. “No one at the hotel will actually care, as long as Anna and I are quiet and clean.”
“If you ever came out from under that rock, you’d know this is the Killers. No one else sounds like that.”
Dean squirms at the sensation, but he stills when one of Castiel’s hands grips at his hip, and he moans softly when the head of Castiel’s cock presses up against his balls. Dean relaxes into the bed again, a little smile on his face, as Castiel continues these ministrations, building up a rhythm.
“But then I met her.” Anna grins, leaning back against the nearest bookshelf. “And I figured it out. And I think Meg’s figured it out too, and maybe that’s why they’ve been fighting so much lately.”
As he approaches the nest, he realizes that the omega is naked, and it stops him in his tracks. His cock takes a sudden interest in the situation, and there’s no way for Castiel to hide that. It’s apparent in his scent, from the way the omega’s nostrils flare and his lips curve into an arrogant smirk.
Back and forth, Cas goes, Round and round, like a carousel, like he has all the time in the world and isn’t driving Dean crazy. There’s wetness on Dean’s abs, where Cas’s cock is sliding, and Dean’s hips make an abortive move, because this is just unreal.
, but it’s more than Dean’s ever given him before, and he’s not sure what to do with it. Dean is blushing, poking at his food while Benny and Jo continue to hassle him, so Castiel thinks that pressing for more would be too much right now. Dean will give what he wants to give when he’s ready to do so.
“So what you’re saying,” Sam begins, voice tight, “is that Dean’s relationship is inappropriate for someone Adam’s age?”
Castiel squints as Dean struggles to find the right words. He hadn’t expected to receive an apology, with the way their last encounter went and the way Dean’s friends have risen to defend him. But that’s just Dean’s nature, isn’t it? To take on a burden, whether he deserves it or not? Yes, this one
She’s eating a quick dinner at the island in the kitchen, and as soon as Dean sees her, he freezes. A whole new wave of anxiety hits him, because it’s one thing to realize you’re in love with your best friend, and it’s a whole other thing to realize what that means about you.
So Dean is anxious, constantly checking his phone and ripping his napkin to shreds on the table at the Roadhouse. Lisa is packed in on his left, next to the window, watching him fidget with concern in her eyes. Charlie is on his other side, trying to engage him in a discussion about how absolutely terrible the new Superman movie was, about Tim Sale’s artwork in Long Halloween, about anything that might effectively distract Dean.
He can’t handle this. He can’t hold it in. His chest feels tight and his whole body aches, and he’s too tired to be afraid when he takes a shaky breath and says, “Mom, I...” He swallows. “I think I’m in love with Cas.”
Cas is just pulling himself off the ice when Dean appears, and they exchange awkward smiles before heading to the locker room to remove their skates, then back into the main lobby. Dean hands his skates to Cas and gestures to the return desk. “I think I’m done for the day, how ‘bout you?”
“Fantastic. Ah!” Castiel cries when Dean suddenly shifts on his knot, pulling another orgasm from him. “Gentle,” he chides, nuzzling shamelessly into Dean’s hair.
He’s pretty sure they won’t hate each other. Lisa is sweet and sunny and laughs at Dean’s jokes, and while Cas is more dry and kinda quiet, sometimes he laughs at Dean’s jokes too. They both like Dean, at the end of the day, so there’s really no reason they won’t like each other.
“It was going to come out at some point anyway!” Charlie takes a hesitant step up the stairs, close enough that Dean can see her freckles in the porchlight. “Dean, I don’t hate you. I’m not even mad at you. No one is. They just want you to come home and get some rest.”
Castiel is blinking at him, a vision of tanned skin and blue eyes and dark, wild hair. “You could take another bath,” he offers slowly.
They chat for a few more moments, and when they hang up, Castiel steals one more moment for himself. To think, six months ago, he never would have imagined his parents sitting down to a family meal with Mary and Sam. Now, it’s already pencilled into their calendar. Dean can finally meet Castiel’s father, and he and Sam can talk Chuck’s ear off about his book series, while Mary and Naomi figure out how much they have in common beyond their means.
Dean goes downstairs to shower and do whatever he needs to do. Castiel changes into his running tights and his Northwestern sweater and heads to the pharmacy. He chants that phrase in his head for the entire trip, eight minutes that hover somewhere between seconds and an hour. His heart rate is way too high for such a short, downhill run, and he’s picking at his fingers again as he steps inside. The cashier glances up and smiles at him before going back to her tasks, and Castiel looks up at the aisle markers, too embarrassed to ask her for direction, even though she probably wouldn’t be phased by the question.
“I do want to talk to you,” Castiel mumbles finally. “I really think we should. A real talk. And you might have to help me figure out how to talk, but… I want to be with you. I want to figure this out and be happy. And if I have to… I want to start fighting for you. Okay? Like you do for me. I don’t want to run away anymore.” He’s rambling now, but he has just a few more things to say before he hangs up and tries to sleep again. “Dean, I’m sorry for running away all the time, and I-”
Castiel blinks, his face warm as he soaks up Dean’s proximity. That incident was years ago, was the cause of most of the friction between them. Castiel’s decision to tell Mary about Dean’s whereabouts had directly led to Dean saying Castiel was the worst thing that ever happened to him, officially breaking Castiel’s heart. It’s not a time that Castiel likes to think about, and to see Dean smiling as he talks about it makes Castiel a little uncomfortable. “What are you talking about?”
Cas lifts his chin and studies Dean for a moment. It feels like they’re on the precipice of something, like Cas is on the verge of finally saying something,
It takes a while, Jo glaring at Dean all the time, but finally Dean catches sight of Cas. He’s a few booths away, an arm around Meg’s shoulders as he chats with none other than Charlie and Gilda. Dean takes a step towards them, but ends up stumbling over someone else, who shoves him backwards into Jo.
“What’s your rush?” Dean asks with a frown, though he gets up as well, brushing sand off his khaki shorts. “Did you sneak out or something?”
Dean blinks at Cas, lips parted in surprise. For some reason, Dean honestly didn’t expect Cas to figure it out so quickly. Maybe it’s because Cas isn’t around all the time, because until a couple weeks ago they did all their communicating online, but Cas still managed to reach right in and find the bloody heart of the matter, leaving Dean breathless and uncertain. Cas watches him closely, his expression slowly falling apart until he reaches over and puts a hand on Dean’s chest.
“Three years ago, you told me that I got to decide whether or not your kiss meant enough for me to consider it my first. I asked if you thought the kiss was meaningful, and you said to ask again in a couple years…”
“Well don’t let us ruin your fun, Sammy,” he teases. Mary tuts, reaching over to fix Sam’s jacket, while the younger prince scowls.
Charlie shakes her head, looking thoughtful, while Cas leans in to see, head tilted slightly. “Ohh,” he whispers, “
“Yeah,” and Cas is smiling slightly, though he tries to temper it by biting his lower lip. “That picture is recent. I’ve never seen that haircut on him before.” He swallows, then clicks the home button. “It says he’s located in Miami. I sent him a short message last week, when I found the profile, but he didn’t get back to me until today.”
. Especially not someone like Zeke, because it’s not like Dean’s into dudes or anything, but Zeke is on the varsity team, tall and broad and handsome. And on top of that, as far as Dean can tell, he’s a genuinely good guy. Not to mention his family has a decent amount of money, and Dean knows how the Miltons are about money and status. He can’t compete with that.
Lisa’s eyes are honey-colored. They widen when she smiles, and a little wrinkle appears between them when she’s angry. She has long eyelashes, like Dean’s, which is fun when they’re making out, though Dean would never tell anybody he likes butterfly kisses. He’s drawn her a few times, and she’s always beautiful, and her eyes always come out just fine.
"So? We're all nerds here, y'know? Just, there's different kinds of nerds. Charlie's a bit of a jack of all trades, but she prefers anything sci-fi or fantasy. Ash?" Dean gestures towards where Jo is sitting with another boy, his hair cut in a fashion Castiel has only seen in 80s movies. "He's a genius. Builds computers for fun. I've never seen a piece of technology beat him yet. Now listen."
Castiel closes his eyes again. “Good night, Dean,” he whispers, hanging up before he can say something overly-emotional to a man who’s already straining his breaking point. They’ve rarely needed to verbalize their affection, and Castiel is afraid that if he attempts to do so now, it will only push Dean away. Even over the phone, it’s clear that Dean is barely holding himself together. Going back for the funeral is the right decision, Castiel is sure of it now.
Next thing Dean knows, he’s in a car. Not his truck; the ride is too smooth. He gags again, hears a deep voice to his left, “Shit, don’t you dare,” so Dean doesn’t.
After a few moments, Dean untangles himself just enough to start the movie again, and they adjust themselves, still cuddled close but now facing the television to see how Johnny and Baby’s story ends.
They’re divine dancers, but they really don’t have much to say on the concept of fairy violence, or the murkier issue of dragon property rights.
Castiel pouts. “We should be getting ready to sleep,” he argues, even as he shuffles out of the sheets and takes the hand Dean has offered him.
Castiel hesitates, then decides that even if Anna isn’t necessarily trustworthy, she won’t purposely sell him out to Michael. “She’s my friend Dean’s mother.”
So he gets dressed. Pale blue dress shirt, white slacks, and white tie. He has to open the door and get Anna to help him with his tie again, but he pulls away when she reaches up to fix his hair, and ignores her when she tries to get him to tuck in his shirt. This isn’t a cocktail party like the one Naomi is at right now, and it’s not a fancy dinner at the high-class restaurant downstairs. It’s
Dean just wanted a chance to clear his head, to figure out where to go from here. He’s never done this with a guy before, and as far as he knows, neither has Cas. He’d just wanted to figure out where the boundaries are, if any still exist.
Dean doesn’t have any of that. He just has bloody knuckles and alcoholism. Like his dad. What could Cas ever want from him that he couldn’t get from Bela instead?
“I’m pregnant,” he says quickly, before he can change his mind. Then, since he hadn’t exactly made any secret of his romps with alphas prior to meeting Castiel, he adds, “It’s yours. Of course it’s yours.”
Cas scoffs. “Please, Dean, I’m not stupid. You didn’t like Meg. So don’t patronize me, and don’t pretend you’re not ecstatic at this development.”
Charlie furrows her brow, laughing softly. “Bela wouldn’t do that to him,” she says, and Dean can feel her eyes on him even as he focuses on the cards in his hands. “I don’t know if she likes him or just likes him, but the few times we talked about him over e-mail, I dunno…” The corners of Charlie’s lips quirk up, just briefly. “She’s fond of him, I guess. And a little protective, maybe.”
Dean grips Castiel’s wrist and tugs on it, taking a deep breath. “Dude, that was awesome and all, I really appreciate it, but we’ve gotta split.”
Dean glares at him for a moment longer, then straddles his bike. "I'm still gonna call you later," he says, his jaw twitching with defiance. "And we're gonna watch movies all summer, I don't give a fuck."
But Castiel doesn’t understand what he’s talking about. Maybe they are speaking different languages, because when Castiel tries to look at all the little details about his relationship with Dean, he just comes up with bad memories and mistakes. It’s like the whole thing crumbles in his hands, and the big picture doesn’t make him feel much better. Even if he tries to think of things Dean has done right - and there are plenty of those moments too, he knows it - they’re colored by the pain and fear of the rest. It’s hard to reassure himself that the Dean who takes him to nice restaurants and paints beautiful murals is the real Dean when he doesn’t want to think that
Castiel wanders around the resort most of the afternoon. On a whim, he steals a wooden crate from behind the kitchens, and carefully places it in the hollow space under the bungalow’s front porch.
Castiel is about to ask what’s going through Dean’s head, but as soon as he tilts his own down, it’s to see Dean grinning at him just before he swallows Castiel’s dick. The
Dean takes a moment, making thoughtful little noises as he tries to organize his thoughts. “Okay. Yeah, sure, that was a kiss. But was it really? I mean, it was an accident, kinda, and we didn’t even move or open our mouths or anything, and we’re both guys!” He holds his hands out, palms up, and gives up an awkward smile. “Does it even count?”
Naomi tilts her head ever-so-slightly, then smiles. “Castiel, why don’t you give Michael and I a little time to discuss this? Maybe go for a run.”
The music is loud and poppy, making Dean wince as he pushes through the crowd of dancing, laughing teenagers. These are all the kids he doesn’t recognize, people from Jo’s school and classroom friends of Charlie’s, just there to fill the space and make the party a party.
Or maybe that’s unfair. Dean sighs, twisting the bolt a few more times until he’s sure the hubcap is on tight. Maybe he’s the one putting up that wall. Hell, maybe Cas is helping him build it. And while Meg may be a brick in the wall, there’s no reason to blame her for everything that’s going awry.
Dean ignores him, urging Impala forward. He never found out if Cas was being serious about talking to animals or not, but he finds himself wishing he could talk to Impala. She probably knows where Cas is, but how does he give a command like that? Dean could understand Cas when he spoke to the horse, so maybe she understands English well enough... But she’d know by now that they were looking for Cas if that was the case, right?
He runs back to Cas’s door, pounding on it with his fist until Cas opens it so suddenly that Dean almost loses his balance. Frowning, Cas narrows his eyes and asks, “What do you want, Dean?”
John wasn’t happy, of course. Mating would be out of the question while he was carrying some strange alpha’s pup, and it wouldn’t get much better once the child came into the world. Noble alphas don’t want a used omega, and they don’t want pups that smell like a different alpha- it's a threat to their lineage and their territory.
Anna and Castiel exchange a confused glance before turning back to their mother. Was that a serious statement, or an actual attempt at humor? Now Castiel knows how people feel when he makes a joke.
Bobby narrows his eyes, studying Cas, then nods once. “Your hair’s a mess, boy,” he comments, then disappears back into the garage. Dean glances at Cas, then laughs at the dumbfounded look on his face.
Castiel squints at Dean, watching as his face turns pink and makes the freckles on his neck more apparent. Part of Castiel believes that this sort of thing is all that Dean knows - his only experience with a relationship is Lisa, who probably would have been sufficiently wooed by classic romance like sunsets over the ocean. And once they arrive, who knows? Maybe Castiel will be wooed as well.
It takes a moment before Castiel remembers who Adam is: Sam and Dean’s half-brother, just a little boy. Castiel’s temper flares briefly; they’ve discussed this at Rainbow Alliance meetings, the struggle to get people to understand that two men or two women holding hands is no more inappropriate than a man and a woman doing the same. But Castiel feels this isn’t the time or place for that argument, nor that he’s the right person to make it. If Sam wants to take point on this, he can have it.
Dean blushes helplessly, jerking his hand away and turning his back. Charlie’s laughter just makes his cheeks heat up all the more. She knows about the dreams, after all. When they hadn’t stopped, even after the disastrous way he and Cas had parted, Dean had needed somebody to talk to. He hadn’t been in therapy yet, and since Charlie’s gay, he’d gone to her. She’s been pretty good about it, didn’t laugh at him the first time he told her, and thankfully kept the secret to herself. But every once in a while, she’ll say something like that, tease Dean in a way where he’s the only one who understands what’s really happening.
Castiel redirects the bike again, taking them between two identical bungalows before asking, "A Goonie?"
Jo scowls, her forehead and nose red with frustration. She almost looks like her mother in this moment, though Castiel is sure she wouldn’t appreciate the comparison. “Did you know that he never shuts up about you?”
The room is blue now, dark navy, like the night sky just after sunset. Cas’s skin stands out here, a soft, sun-tanned territory marked for Dean’s exploration, stretched out on the bed, on top of the covers. There’s no wings this time, and Dean mourns the loss for a moment, but quickly consoles himself by leaning down to press his lips against Cas’s. He could do this forever; the little pecks they’ve exchanged, and even that floundering kiss they shared at Jo’s party, they just aren’t enough. It’s like finding a parched man in the desert and giving him a thimbleful of water. How does that help his thirst?
so around july of last year, i realized that what i had written for this chapter so far was complete garbage, and i ended up almost completely re-writing it. that was part of the delay. the other part was that in september, i got some bad news, which i'm still not willing to talk about - i'm a little superstitious about the idea that saying something aloud or putting it in writing puts that energy into the universe like a wish, whether you wanted it to happen or not, so i haven't said anything specific about this bad news since i got it. but it was the kind of news that, had it gone like i was afraid it would, i would not have been able to finish this fic. and that fear was strong enough that, for a while, i couldn't even look at this fic without crying. then in october i got more bad news that just sort of compounded that fear, and i was in such a state that i had to quit my very stressful job before i did something permanent and stupid; something had to give and i didn't want that something to be me. luckily, i was able to get a new job right away, and soon after decisions were made that helped ease my concern about what was going on, and about six weeks ago i was finally able to really start work on this fic again. quitting that new job earlier this month freed up my time to finish it.
But she also said she liked it. And Cas still seems fascinated by it, his head tilted up to look at those big blue eyes again.
Castiel collapses on top of Dean, but after taking a moment to catch his breath, he rolls them both onto their sides, his arms pulling Dean close into his chest.
Dean huffs and grabs Castiel’s hand. There’s a spark, almost, when their skin touches, and Dean pauses, rubbing his thumb over Castiel’s knuckles. He meets Castiel’s eyes, and their gazes lock as Dean guides Castiel’s hand to rest high on his thigh, fingertips near Dean’s half-hard cock.
Bela nods shortly, and they stay silent until they’ve put a few yards between themselves and the Milton’s bungalow.
Sam had suggested once that Dean smelled different after coming back from the woods, but since none of the other alphas or omegas commented on it, Dean had written it off as Sam being overly sentimental. He’d pretty much forgotten it entirely, until Queen Mary had called for a healer over his sickness, who noticed the change right away.
“You ladies like this so much,” Dean says, his voice colored with laughter, “you should see him all fancied up.”
“Hey, hey, hey!” Once Castiel is balanced on his feet again, Dean holds up his hands and takes a few steps forward. “What happened to manners? Somebody introduce me to this lovely lady right here.”
to jerk off. Not with that scene still so fresh in his head. But there’s no way he’s going back to sleep until he takes care of this.
Castiel huffs, filled a sudden fondness as he blindly reaches for the first canvas. To his surprise, it’s a self-portrait, as is the one underneath. He’s never seen Dean draw himself before, and it’s somewhat shocking to see how Dean sees himself while the real thing is cheerfully tapping his foot against Castiel’s knee. The first portrait is soft and green, with Dean’s eyes, lips, and freckles exaggerated. It’s saccharine and strange, straddling the line between childlike and sexual, and even though Castiel isn’t sure where this version of Dean came from, he’s still horrifically fascinated by it, by the overwhelming forest of eyelashes and the plush pink lips.
Dean opens his eyes and thinks about it. It’d save him from having to sleep off his inebriation in the truck, and get him away from Alastair and Lilith. He could get Bobby to bring him out here to pick the truck up in the morning. It’d piss Alastair off that he ducked out on his duties, but maybe no one would even notice he was missing amidst all the kids and chaos.
“I don’t know how to get past this, Dean! I fucked up with the running away all the time, I know, and I know you said you wouldn’t sleep with anyone else, but I still-.. I just-... I
In the quiet, as Castiel finishes undressing, he replays the evening in his head. It helps to soothe the tension out of his shoulders, and by the time he collapses into bed, he’s smiling at the memory of Dean holding him close and singing about love in his ear. Within moments, he’s asleep. Dreaming about a Victorian-style home with a fireplace, Dean’s paintings on every wall, and a hardwood floor where he and Dean can relive that dance whenever they like.
The kiss stays chaste at first, with only a little tongue and hands above the waist, and Castiel is surprised at himself when he realizes that this isn’t enough. He shifts, slotting his leg between Dean’s, and when Dean gasps, he takes the opportunity to make a possessive swipe at the roof of his mouth. Dean groans softly, and Castiel returns the sound when Dean’s hips jerk forward, but then Dean is pushing him away, holding him back at arm’s length. Castiel holds his hands up and out of the way while Dean takes a few breaths.
Charlie hesitates, almost as if she knows what kind of response the truth will get her. It’s only after a long pause that she finally answers, “Um. Bela told me.”
It’s too soon for him to be having trouble breathing, but the panic must be getting to him, because he’s taking deep, gulping breaths but his lungs are still burning, so he turns towards the boardwalk, towards the beach. He only slows down when he hits the sand, pausing to take his shoes and socks off, then all but collapses on the shore, right where the surf can rise up and touch his aching feet.
