Four hours later and to say Sherlock had changed was an understatement, John had thought the old Sherlock had vanished - that was until now, he had already retrieved knives, printed photos and records and pinned each one to John's living room wall. It was soon becoming Baker Street, minute by minute.
John and Sherlock were now fully dressed, well, partially. Sherlock's shirt was missing a few buttons and his hair was everywhere, but dressed enough they were. They had a tea each, both sipping it slowly as they tried to contemplate how exactly they had gone from seeing each other for the first time in twelve years to John being on his knees for him a day later. They knew they were both unpredictable at the best of times but this, was something else.
"What do you mean?" John frowned, ignoring how Sherlock was completely obvious to the entire conversation and their friends as he sat on his phone tweeting about how their waitress wasn't having an affair with the owner of the local pub.
"No buts, no nothing, oh for goodness sake. You bloody boys are like two school kids" she rolled her eyes, leaning back in her chair looking exhausted from the situation "everyone knows that you two can't live without one another yet you two seem to be the only ones who don't know that. For heavens sake John, your boyfriend buggared off seven months ago and you've done nothing"
"He was helpless, Craig" John spoke softly, his eyes slightly softer "- you couldn't have helped him, he lost himself many years ago"
"That's correct" Sherlock added in "I'll burn them, then you'll never get to see that decapicated head I told you about"
"He likes to play with fire, that's obvious - however, I can't seem to understand why and how he does it. He will not stop, John - not until I am dead and gone and the only hunch I have is that he will use fire and I will be the victim, we just have to figure out how he intends to use the fire the next time"
"Well, you've solved the case, even if you still refuse to tell us who was behind it. What are you planning to do now?"
Sherlock was incoherent, his eyes became frantic as he took in the situation he was currently in and all he could possibly do was nod his head, a very faint "please" escaping his lips as he did.
"Was it Mrs Hudson?" she asked, making John come to a standstill. His body froze, he wasn't aware of a time he had mentioned her name to her other than when she was very little.
"Blood on their hands" Sherlock shrugged "- we have to stall him for as long as we can, need an admission before they can raid or shoot him as you like to blatantly say"
"Yes. Obviously. Look, you told me when I first met you that you were married to your work, the idea of emotions, relationships or any of the sort was completely off limits. So when you told me how you felt, it came completely as a shock, okay?" John began to talk, taking a few cautious steps into the room.
"I hope that your day is filled with happiness, joy and a life full of everlasting love" Sherlock said once more, his shoulders slumping. "Good bye, John"
"If you even try and make yourself sick I can assure you that when you do get home your phone will be locked away in the draw for the rest of the week, that goes for your laptop too"
"Probably" Mrs Hudson shrugged, placing the tray onto the coffee table and turning to Rosie "I'm actually about to pop into town to meet Molly for some lunch, would you like to come with me?"
"I'll visit this evening" Molly confirmed, mainly to herself before glancing up at John again "I'll send her your love - make sure that whatever bastard did this to her, pays, do you hear me? Don't let them get away with this"
"I may have hoovered, polished, wiped, scrubbed and dusted the house a little upon arrival. The smell was awful, it smelt like dead people"
"I'm going to lose my mind" John muttered, biting his tongue so he wouldn't cause a scene, he knew the sooner he got her to school the sooner he could sit back and do nothing all day "your black shoes are under the stairs, those ugly white trainers you like so much are by the back door and all your other shoes are on the shoe rack"
Sherlock collapsed against John's chest, heavy breath against the crook of his neck - and John was utterly bewildered, completely full of lust for the innocent (not so innocent detective) that lay against him.
"Bloody hell, Sherlock. How long has this been going on? You know, you liking me and all?" He asked, placing his tea onto the coffee table and inching closer slightly.
"No, no, it's okay dear. It's a special moment for you and Sherlock, Rosie will want to meet the man who stole her dads heart"
"That, well, I suppose I've always thought about it" he admitted, turning his back to John so he didn't have to face his admission.
"When have I ever told you that it's your fault? Rosie, listen to me" John began, reaching over the kitchen side to grab her hands "I don't blame you for Mary- your mothers death, I don't blame anyone. It happened and it's sad but it's no ones fault. Your mother was able to give me you, that's all I could have ever asked for. Just because sometimes I want to do my own thing doesn't mean I don't bloody love you or I blame you for anything, it just means that you're at an age now where I'm able to give you some freedom and give myself some too"
They walked quietly, other than greg letting the others now of the situation, there was quite easily 100 police men and women situated in that building, all waiting and ready - a sight Sherlock once would have frowned at, he hated the police at the best of times but this time he was serious.
"But, so help me god, if you ever decide to fuck off again and leave then I can assure you the next time you return, I won't be as lenient. That's a promise, okay?"
"Yes - I, yes, I suppose it is" Molly forced out, completely taken back, turning to John with a bewildered emotion across her face "- I don't think I've ever heard the word sorry leave his lips before"
"How could I? Your brother gave me one last compliment and then, before I could ask, he did it, right in front of me" Sherlock explained "he was damaged, beyond repair"
"I- I can't say it" Sherlock whispered once more, John could feel Sherlock's worry trace through his voice.
"What is going on?" He asked, blankly. His arms falling to his sides, defeated by the scene in front of him. He's seen Sherlock vulnerable but never had he seen him like this.
"Jesus" Lestrade let out a boisterous laugh "this really is a picture, like a proper family, well, a dysfunctional one"
"Just shut up, Sherlock" was all he could say, this time leaving the room, allowing his feet to carry him up the stairs to his own room.
They stayed silent from then on until they had finished their food, Sherlock had joined John in the sitting room, sitting opposite him, however not bothering to notice his existence as his eyes focused on his phone screen, as always.
Sherlock and John were sitting in the kitchen, both equally quiet as they sipped their tea, sneaking glances at one another. The past few weeks had been a whirlwind and neither knew how to comprehend it.
"He only walked back into my life yesterday and you're already telling me that this little break is over?" John argued.
"You had a heart this time" John noted, reaching up to rub his eyes "do you see how much it helps? When you have emotion? You understand so much more from their point of view, don't you think?"
"You should leave, you're going to be late for work" John glanced at the clock, grabbing Sherlock's wallet from the side to slide over to him. "Have you got everything?"
"- do you really think Sherlock would be doing this if it were you that went missing? No, he'd be out doing everything he could to find you"
"touché" John grinned as he walked into the room behind him, he walked straight past Sherlock and over to Molly, embracing her in a hug "Hello"
"It's a difficult time in their life. I'm sure the fact she's growing up without her mother is just as difficult for her, also"
The two of them turned, looking through the see-through glass to reveal the situation - John gasped, his whole breath hitching as he finally saw. Mrs Hudson lay there, wires hanging from her, eyes closed, bandages wrapped around her arms and legs and completely still. Not a single teapot or cup of tea surrounded her.
"Jesus, Sherlock! You should come with a bell" Molly gasped, taking a few steps back, sending a glare towards him.
Before Sherlock could comprehend the whole situation, he suddenly had John Watson wrapped around his thighs, his fingers laced through his hair and his lips moulding with his own. John's lips were on his and full of hunger, Sherlock could barely keep up with the way his teeth clasped down on his bottom lip or how his tongue darted out to clasp onto his own. All he could do was allow a sweet moan to fall from his own mouth, practically gasping at the way it pushed John into extreme lust.
Within two seconds of John sitting down, his phone vibrated where it lay on his desk. He peered over looking at the text.
He yanked the door open, faced with a smiling and casual looking sherlock. John's eyes scanned over his appearance, noting his curls that were slightly less fluffy today, in fact they falling slightly along his forehead. He looked younger. He was dressed in a black t shirt with a large Burberry scarf wrapped around his neck - where the bloody hell was his shirt? - who cared, he was wearing the tight jeans he had been wearing when John finally saw him again. And 'wow' John thought. He was a god.
He was silent, his lips opening and closing, searching for an answer to John's question but nothing. John took that as his cue, he reached out, grabbing him around the waist and pulling him into his chest, he fought, his hands waving around until suddenly they stopped and his head fell into his chest and soon enough, all that elevated the room was the faint sobbing as the tears fell down onto John's shirt.
"Molly, she would never forgive you if any harm came to Sherlock Holmes. The man she loved way before she loved you, she cares for him, like she always will. If you killed him, she would leave you"
"Right, okay, but think about it John. Not the obvious, really think about it. Why would I come back now after all this time?"
John nodded with a soft smile, pulling himself from the sofa. Both Sherlock and Rosie watched as he walked out of the living room, closing the door slightly behind him. Sherlock instantly looked at the TV, not quite sure what the movie was even about at this point.
Mycroft was silent for a second, his lips opening and closing repeatedly until finally he spoke "I... Well, I wish you both the best. You definitely deserve it, happiness is very much earned by the both of you"
"Wait, you can't get rid of me that easily! Does this mean you're famous then? Like, actually? All of my friends are asking me if they can come round and meet you both. Maybe I'll be famous now, does that mean we'll be rich an-"
Sherlock smirked, his eyes still focused on the building in front, however his smirk visible for John to see.
"You do realise that even if I didn't meet you, I still would have met Mary and eventually someone would have came to find her. And if it wasn't for you, finding them, hunting them down and stopping them, there would be a strong chance that myself, Mary and possibly Rosie wouldn't be here today. We lost Mary because of her past Sherlock, not because of you"
"Shower, dressed and then we can relax, okay? Are you staying here tonight or are you going to stay at your brothers? Considering they are still working on Baker Street" John asked, watching as Sherlock reluctantly lifted himself from his legs.
Sherlock looked up at that point, his breath hitched as he looked at John, he spoke so casually as though this was completely normal for the two of them. Usually he would find this sort of conversation and these actions nothing but an inconvenience but for some reason the words leaving from John's mouth affected him much more than he had hoped.
"He is a human, he's the most human man I know, he is full of emotion, love and care and if anyone is brave, it is him, he's the one who has put all of his love on me and my daughter - he's the brave one here, beyond belief"
"It's been months, instead of demanding to know where he was or hunting him down, you've instead spent your entire time sulking in this bloody flat!"
"So, when can I meet him?" That's the question that finally caught his attention, he turned his head to look at Rosie who was sat excitedly in her seat awaiting her answer and he couldn't quite fathom out what she was going on about.
"That she is" John agreed, peering out towards the hallway where Rosie was making her way towards the door. "Hang on Greg... Hey Rosie, are you going to be home for tea? Thought we could get a takeaway tonight?"
"Love is a very funny thing, Sherlock. No matter who you are and no matter how brilliant your mind is, it creeps up on you and eventually it hits you with all its might - it just happens, that it had waited until now to escape"
"I can't tell you why, John. It's not something I'm quite used to - she just seems to find comfort in me, I don't know why"
John's eyes furrowed together, shaking his head slightly "Sorry, what? No Sherlock, for my wedding. For me, I need a best man"
"I was homesick?" Sherlock questioned, unable to find a truthful answer "I was ready to return back home"
"Sherlock, we all know that you can't just run away from this - I'm sorry brother mine, but your demons are still with you and you have to face them eventually and that time is now"
Sherlock was quiet for a moment, his eyes closing for a second before the words escaped him "I was only a good detective because I had John Watson by my side, he's the reason I am who I am today. Without John Watson, I will simply be the arrogant arse than everybody could happily deal without"
He slept in comfort, knowing that Sherlock was there, even his jacket, wrapping around his smaller frame, holding onto his body. And he would have slept for longer if he hadn't have heard Sherlock scramble across the floor.
"Very well, we'll just have to wing it" Sherlock spoke firmly, John was still struggling to catch his breath, Sherlock gave him no time - instead, Sherlock thrusted his hips up to John's arse, like he was proving to him that he too was beyond aroused at the moment.
"It, well, it's my past Rosie. You're my future, they're two different things" he attempted an explanation, he really wasn't expecting to have this conversation the moment he walked through the door.
"Are you okay?" The question made him jump, he wasn't quite expecting it. He turned to Rosie who was frowning at him with utter concern.
"Nothing" He snapped again, his steps coming to a halt as he pulled his dressing gown over his chest.
"That's life I'm af-" before he could continue the line cut off, he sniggered go himself watching the call drop. He had no time to worry about her today.
"What exactly are his plans?" John asked, ignoring Sherlock as ever, practically excluding him from the conversation.
"Dad!" Rosie shouted, pushing through to get to him. "You're finally here. I've heard some great stories about the two of you"
It took him a few seconds to turn, his slow actions feeling like a life time but when he did, his heart sank more. He fell back slightly, his legs unsteady, he reached for the table behind to steady himself. His chest was heaving, his heart most definitely going to explode from his chest at any moment, he was hyperventilating. He was gripping onto the table as though it was going to save him.
They didn't speak about it again after that, instead they sat and spoke, Sherlock listened once again, taking in all the adventures and the memories that he had missed whilst being away and John was in awe of this man. Although he was still Sherlock Holmes and yes, he was still a high-functioning sociopath, he could see the change in him already, as if, allowing his feelings to escape only a little bit was enough for him to let down a break from that wall of his that he keeps so guarded.
Since moving back in a month ago, he noted how his glances would no longer attempt to be subtle, he would just sit there, staring blankly - Sherlock never mentioned it, of course, although John had caught Sherlock glancing at him every now and again when he had been staring for a minute too long.
"Sherlock?" Mrs Hudson spoke, this time soft, her voice faint, obviously standing in the door way and simply observing him. "Oh, what ever is the matter, sweetheart? Why are you... Are you okay?"
His eyes were still hooked with Sherlock's, they had never parted and he could see the plea in his eyes, wishing - hoping, that John would finally realise what it was he was trying to say. And the more John fixated on Sherlock's features the more he softened, he watched Sherlock's lips part and close, the way he licked his lips so smoothly and how his teeth would bite down on his bottom lip in anticipation and no, John couldn't understand what Sherlock wanted him to say but he could definitely say he was completely mesmerised by his best friend, at this very moment.
"You're so over dramatic, John" Mary laughed lightly, John could hear the sea rushing around her and a hint of jealousy brushed over him. "Look, Sherlock Holmes is a prick, I know that, you know that. He's also someone who is in love with you and luckily for him, you happen to feel the same - you know he's a difficult man, understatement I know, but this is all so new to him. You need to be a little more understanding, he's probably struggling with it all. Ever thought that he's waiting for you to speak to him about it? He's probably shitting  himself at the idea of confronting you"
"- before you, I didn't just believe that love was idiotic, I thought friends were too. But you managed to teach me that both were neither as bad as I believed, I found a friend in you first and then somehow without you even realising you taught me that love was also an option that I didn't hate entirely. I had never in my life even thought about relationships or anything of the sort, until you"
"Mary said in her final video, save John Watson, when really, John Watson was always the one who saved me" he spoke, his words baffling himself never mind Mycroft "without him, I am in fact, a lost cause"
"I didn't know we had company" Rosie spoke, looking knowingly at her dad as she walked past him towards the fridge, grabbing a bottle of water out "Are you both staying here this evening or are you buggaring off on some date and forcing me to Aunty Harry's again?"
"Of course, you knew my mum too!" Rosie spoke excitedly, stepping away from her dad as Mrs H brought her in for a tight hug, wrapping her arms so tightly around her shoulders.
John rolled his eyes, unlatching his hands and gripping onto Sherlock's sweater pulling him close until his lips met Sherlock's. John instantly melted into his lips, relaxing into them like a fond memory of utter comfort. He felt Sherlock's hands reach around his waist pulling them even closer than they already were, just searching for a way to be closer than already possible. The kiss was long, tender and delicate but still full of such want and need. It seemed to last forever when in reality it was no more than thirty seconds that they stood moulded against one another.
She stood up, her eyes flickering between the door and her father and his friend. She shrugged her shoulders slightly as she walked straight over to Sherlock and wrapped her arms around his shoulders, John was shocked to see Sherlock instantly return the favour.
"It's not as hard as I thought, when it comes to you, it's rather easy" Sherlock admitted "I'm too comfortable around you to feel uncomfortable"
He leant back, fighting a battle to pull it from his jeans pocket and his flickered to Sherlock for a second, watching the sigh fall from his lips as he also fell back, looking slightly defeated. He saw the name on the screen and really did consider just throwing it, he should have known.
"I have a bad feeling" John admitted, sitting back onto Sherlock's thighs "Nothing good ever lasts long, how long do you think this will last until something horrible happens?"
"Yes, well, she is very unique" Sherlock nodded an agreement "I was worried that you had only expressed your feelings because I had, worried in case it was more pity towards me than truthful"
John was truly losing his mind - he was almost beginning to believe that Sherlock's confession was some spiteful experiment somehow, that he did it all to examine how he would react to it all or something awful like that.
"Do other teenagers even care? I would assume that our past is well, the past, by now. I'm surprised they even bother"
"It was a very difficult time" he attempted to defend himself, turning to Sherlock with a look, the look, in fact.
"John, I think we may have missed something, something rather big" Sherlock finally spoke, his eyes wide as he turned to John.
John could have laughed, really, Sherlock's hair was everywhere, his eyes were glazed, his cheeks were red, his lips were swollen and you would believe he was having an asthma attack from the way his chest was still rapidly moving.
"That's rather silly, don't you think?" John finally spoke, usually so keen to keep his mouth shut it came as a shock to both him and Sherlock "to constantly live under your brothers shadow? Surely you want to be known for yourself and not your brother?"
He felt Sherlock's smirk against his neck, before he bit on the skin "how long have we got?" He mumbled.
"the same applies - I don't wish to do anything I am simply going to carry on without cases or murderers, John will be doing the same. I wish for nothing more than, well, a simple life"
"You really think you'll be able to stay away from this?" John challenged, lifting his phone up and shaking it in Sherlock's direction.
"You're very welcome, Doctor Wa- John. I hope you both enjoy the rest of your day" He forced a smile, it was uncomfortable for all involved. He nodded, turning his back to them both, just as he reached the door he quickly turned back "Ah, I feel I should mention-"
And as he pulled back, his breath left him like a release of absolute relaxation. His and Sherlock's chest were still in-line, heaving against one another. And they still hadn't lost eye contact, they stayed there, nose to nose, taking in what had just happened.
"Nothing, that's the whole problem! He's done nothing at all, the absolute arrogant arse has not so much as spoke about it since that day. I thought I could wait, I really did, but now I'm really not so sure"
John had swapped numbers with Sherlock discretely, waving a short and awkward goodbye as he left for home. It wasn't too far from the city but far enough that he could be comfortable and away from flashing lights, drama and crime scenes, he was content.
"Don't. Please, for the love of god, do not say anything remotely smart or sarcastic at this moment" John was breathless, he closed his eyes for a second, taking a step back. Although Sherlock's arms never left his waist.
"That's nice" She smiled encouragingly "I know you are completely certain that you don't like men, dad. But you know, it's okay. Gay is okay, even if you're not gay, you still have the freedom to love whomever your heart desires. And if that person is Sherlock then that's okay. I already love him and if you could chose anyone I'm glad you are choosing him"
He hung up at that point, refusing to belittle himself to a teenage mindset. He sighed, placing his phone onto the arm rest.
John's breath hitched in his throat, of course, the first time they had kissed it had left him breathless beyond belief however this time, it was so full of desperation and need that it almost made him dizzy from the impact of Sherlock's luscious lips on his own.
"Oh, yeah, okay. That sounds nice" She attempted to act cool although her facial expressions were enough to prove otherwise.
"If I could take this pain from you, I would, I would take it in a heart beat but I can't. This is a feeling you have to endure, Sherlock, it just proves that you're human, you really do have a heart inside of you"
"No" John abruptly interrupted, another sigh falling from his lips "Mikes great but he's not my best friend. Look, Sherlock. This is the biggest and most important day of my life-"
"And what movie do you suggest?" Sherlock asked, smiling as John lay down and rested his head on Sherlock's lap. His smile soon faded as John confirmed his worst nightmare.
Sherlock's breathing visibly changed, he had only just regained his composure but now his chest was heaving, he was not in control and he didn't know how to deal with such an emotion. He could feel John, not from touch but by his presence and he certainly didn't know how to react to this.
He slumped his shoulders, following John's steps until he reached her, he thought for a second, extremely new to the whole affection side of things - but yet, he shrugged, simply leaning to kiss her on the head, feeling a sense of relief from actually having her here.
He felt Mrs Hudson lift from the bed, her footsteps nearing the doorway to his bedroom and then he heard her "Good decision".
"Okay" she spoke, surprising John, he hadn't been able to have a conversation with her that lasted more than a minute but yet tonight, she was speaking to him like an adult. "Is it true what they say?"
"Yes" Mycroft nodded "and as much as I would like to listen to my dear brothers temper tantrum, I'm afraid that we must enlist both of your help. This isn't just a police case, this is a threat against Sherlock's life and the only two men who can fix that, is you two"
Sherlock exhaled, opening his eyes once more to look at him "Well, the thing is, I am actually absolutely, incredibly, stupidly in love with you John Watson and the idea of giving you away to another is something my heart cannot take, I wish to not endure pain like that"
- the only words to describe how they were feeling, a once familiar feeling now nothing but the worst. They were once used to bad situations and dangerous problems but they had never been in a situation that had put their beloved Mrs Hudson into such an awful situation and that was the worst feeling possible.
John was going to answer but couldn't, he felt Sherlock's body move from behind him and within seconds he was hovering over his body, his hands either side of his head. He peered up, noting Sherlock's flushed skin, lust filled eyes and swollen lips and dear god, John was utterly in love. He reached his hand up, gripping the back of his neck and pulled him down, crushing his lips into his own. Sherlock darted his tongue, parting John's lips and he was now kissing him so hungrily, as though all he wanted was to entwine himself within John.
Her eyes flickered between the two boys, a fond smile across her lips "Well, I'm over-joyed. My two boys finally together, all I could have wished for"
"What were you just saying?" John scoffed, waving the phone in front of Sherlock before answering it and putting it to his ear "Hello? I hope this is important, I'm currently wrapped around your younger brother and it really is a tedious time to be calling"
Okay, this is my first attempt at kind of smut, I feel so uncomfortable writing it but i know it's what people want so here we go!
"Shit" Sherlock gasps beneath him and John is filled with utter lust for the younger detective, but he contains himself, keeping his attention purely on pleasing him - he had never done this to another man before, but as he continues he finds new ways to make him writhe below him, how to make his body twitch in response. His hand working where he couldn't reach, his mouth slipping over his cock as though he needed it, he did, really, he needed to hear him release, needed to see this - and so he did, he continued until he felt Sherlock's legs begin to shake against his own legs, until his fingers had such a lock on his hair that it could have pulled a clump out and then, all at once, he heard an array of swear words escape Sherlock's mouth in the most lustful and beautiful sense of the words and then he released himself into John's mouth, his eyes rolling into the back of his head and his body falling limp beneath him.
He could leave, right now and go home and put his feet up with a grand cup of tea but he still had to scrape by just one more hour before he was free.
"Sherlock" John warned, letting the hand that was pinching at his nose to fall to his side. "I have no idea what's going on at the minute. I am confused, so fucking confused, in fact, I am beyond that, I'm bloody frustrated, especially with you, you git"
Craig furrowed his eyes, still gazed on the desk for a few seconds before he nodded "he was eighteen, he was getting ready at home to go out for the night, his first night legally drinking with his friends"
"I do, not entirely, as I will never understand what was going through that idiotic brain but I'd rather not waste time with the hassle of holding a grudge against you for a few months. Seems useless"
Sherlock's wandering hands move to John's hips, soon venturing around his whole chest, wanting to touch and feel everything, John simply shivered under his touch - just as John was getting used to the hands moving with adventure around his body, his knees buckled, his legs nearly failing on him as Sherlock's lips found his own, aware of his tongue dancing with his own and he can feel everything all of a sudden, everything, every part of Sherlock and his feelings towards him - this was love, way beyond a game or a case, or experimenting, this was much more than that. The kiss becomes firmer, their mouths almost fighting with each other as the only sounds arraying within the room are deep, uncontrollable breath's and the moan leaving John's lips, Sherlock's hands still wondering until he was gripping onto John's arse, pulling him so close there was no room for space between them anymore - that was until, John's hand snaked between them once again, this time gripping onto Sherlock's cock, he could feel it this time, the only thing stopping him from feeling skin was the thin boxers that he couldn't wait to rip from his body. It takes no less than thirty seconds for John to get Sherlock onto his floor and he was all over him, his body exploring more and more - John parted from Sherlock's lips, earning a whine to escape Sherlock's mouth, however he simply let out a breathy chuckle, his lips kissing along Sherlock's cheek bones, then his neck, then his chest, then his stomach until his hot breath was reaching the edge of Sherlock's boxers, he was admiring the way he squirmed around beneath him, impatient and wanting, he was so beautiful - he doesn't give Sherlock time to even think before he had pulled the boxers to his ankles, his lips already around his cock with in a matter of seconds, he sucks it as though its keeping him alive, all mouth, tongue and hand. Sherlock moans and writhes under him, John had to hold his hips down to stop him from thrusting into his mouth, John could have easily came from the noises that left Sherlock's lips, sounds that were only made for him, sounds that no one could possibly hear but him - all for him, all for John, always.
"You... miss him?" Mycroft repeated, the word so foreign to him. And if he hadn't have seen Sherlock so distressed he would have mocked him, for some strange reason, he found himself sympathising with him. "How so?"
Sherlock silenced, his lips parting slightly to argue but he knew better. He didn't want to jeopardise his time with John, he had, after all, been waiting for him for a long time.
"I-" Sherlock starts and stops again, swallowing as he looked at the teenage girls eyes full of hope and need from him. He wanted to refuse to talk about it without John here but he knew she was desperate. He sighed, patting the seat beside him "come sit with me"
"What I said, Doctor Watson. Unfortunately 221B has been hit with an extremely upsetting attack, the entire flat went up in flames - it is, somewhat, un-fixable unlike last time. The damage has affected the house next door, also"
"You have a new case, Sherlock Holmes" John smirked to himself slyly, pushing him away just enough for him to escape his grip as he head towards the living room.
He turned to Sherlock, his arms open wide and John could have laughed as Sherlock rolled his eyes and yet, still allowed Greg to hug him much to his distraught.
He couldn't comprehend how he had set off from his house this morning for lunch with Mrs H to being reunited with his sociopathic best friend who abandoned him for years, as if it was just another blimp along the road. And sitting there in Mrs H's kitchen, being waited on with endless cups of tea, he couldn't understand how both Sherlock and her were acting like this was normal. How could they just fit back so effortlessly into the routine that they had left behind?
Sherlock had wandered off by this point, standing by the door but as Molly spoke, his eyes peeked up, looking over at the two of them - knowing fine well that neither he or John could really promise that.
His hands were shaking slightly, and he stared at them, twisting them back and forth in front of his eyes, covered in blood and grime.
Watching Sherlock with increasing guilt slowly build up his walls and protect his self behind sneered words, John realised that he had to explain fast, otherwise he would be closed off for a while and he did not want to go through this ordeal with an upset Sherlock on his hands. They had to stand together, otherwise Moriarty would win and break them apart. Not caring that Donovan and Greg were watching Sherlock in avid wonder, as if staring at a rare animal, John pressed his palms to Sherlocks face and stepped closer, enough so that he was looking up at his boyfriends turned away chin.
The camera suddenly started moving, swivelling slowly as it zoomed into a cab that was fast approaching, the driver obviously being persuaded to step on it. The trick reminded John of the days after meeting Sherlock for the first time: Mycroft and his dramatic kidnapping, the ostentatious show of his control over London security systems, how they always followed him no matter where he was or what he was doing. This seemed a lot more sinister to him, perhaps because he knew it was Moriarty or whatever henchman was at his beck and call. Or maybe it was the fact that it was extremely disturbing, the knowledge that he had gotten so used to them ceaselessly pointing their glassy stare at himself and Sherlock.
With a roar of anger, John picked himself up and kicked violently at the wall. His toes throbbing with pain, he looked back up the stairs and began to slowly make his way up to the flat.
"Is that all you can fucking say?! 'Indeed'? He's got all our… every time you or I went away for a case… Oh bollocks. The Medi-"
John turns in his chair to look at Sherlock, sees the widened eyes and awed expression. Pale supernova eyes flicker to dark sea and a wondering smile replaces the slightly opened lips as his doctor cups his cheeks and grins back.
Sherlock took a deep breath as he stared ahead, not concentrating on anything in particular. He removed all outside stimulus and concentrated all but a slither of his focus on the evidence, the small part that wasn’t for the work left for John and his reactions, always keeping tabs on his blogger from the corner of his eye. His hands in his usual pose by his face, and his feet brought up onto the chair so he could rest them on his knees, Sherlock blinked as the camera shot went black for a few seconds, and then burst into colour that was joined by the sound of scuffing and panted breaths. It was a lot higher quality: either it was one belonging to Mycroft that Sherlock had missed on his searches whenever the git visited, and he seriously doubted that, or it was Moriarty who had placed it. Must have been. Mycroft would never plant a camera at this angle. This placement screamed stealth, whereas ‘big brother’ tended to focus on the angle that would give the most useful view.
” With an eye roll John made a motion as if to stand, however stopped as he caught the look on Sherlock’s face. looking like a deer caught in headlights, his eyes wide, Sherlock stated in a bewildered manner.
And now, we can finally get into the main part of the story! It will mostly be tape footage from here on in, and their reactions. it took me a while to set the scene so im sorry about that as well XD
“That I am like this, I mean. Try and observe from a distant perspective for once, and think about why I am the way I am, an emotionless psychopath according to you. You always say I’m a freak that can’t feel anything, yet when there is evidence to the contrary, you mock me. I’ve dealt with people like you since I was four years old, so don’t you dare think for one second that you are anyone special."
He scrubbed a hand through his short hair, and decided, fuck it, I’ll have to just watch the tapes to find out. As he was just about to insert the DVD labelled as 1 he was interrupted by a knock at his office door, Sally Donovan blocking the view to the sea of desks outside.
"John, Moriarty would not be so sloppy, no point questioning Lestrade. And stop thinking about the cult case, it's distracting. Now come here and have a look at this note... I want to see what you think of it." Sherlock sighed and waved John over to him. The note... There was something, something he couldn't quite...
John again looked at Sherlock in concern, wondering why his partner had pulled away. He looked up and saw nothing exciting going on, just the two of them finally getting the door open to 221, Sherlock herding him slightly as he always does.
However, just as he was about to share his thoughts with John and the two law enforcers in the room, the image panned slightly from left to right, then vice versa. The lens slowly rotated in a wide circular motion, causing Sherlock's figure to warp and tilt, and then stopped dead centre. The image flickered suddenly and a completely new view of the sitting room burst on to the screen, now in the opposite corner, and repeated the same little dance: only the tall man was now not visible apart from at the widest angle and only then his bare feet with their long, almost prehensile toes. This happened several times, until all angles were accounted for: the former idea then, Moriarty must like his seats at the theatre to be exclusive, Sherlock thought bitterly. Just as he was about to remark on it, he was yet again interrupted by a change in perspective: John's laptop had been left half open on the desk, just as he always did whenever he went out, a bad habit formed due to Sherlock always rushing him about.
"Nice try Jim, but you won't break up this crime fighting duo anytime soon." John grinned at him and it clicked into place.
"John... I don't understand. Why are you so surprised? We've been in a relationship for most of the year, how could me declaring my feelings possibly alarm you? What, is it not real if only we know? Are the actions that occur behind closed doors not special or affirming enough for you?"
Fuck it, john thought, Lestrade knows and Donovan can shove it, for all I care, " I shot a man for you after knowing you for
After a slight hesitation, John raised his arm and wrapped it loosely around the man leaning on him, and rubbed tentative, soothing circles into his back until he was slumped so much in relaxation that John was almost holding up his entire weight. He couldn’t believe how his world had spun on its own axis and turned upside-down in such a short amount of time, everything he had thought was impossible was now in his reach, but if he didn’t stop being such an idiot and coming to false conclusions, he would lose all of it in the blink of an eye.
Donovan and Greg whipped their heads around to stare at the doorway, where Sherlock had just barged through with no warning, John on his tail looking slightly worse for wear. Sally would refuse to the end of her days the squeak that came out of her mouth at seeing them, and Lestrade would reject the idea that his face looked like it had been smacked by a wooden fence post.“Lestrade! Where’s the evidence? Chop-chop, you did call us here didn’t you? You interrupted a very pleasant morning and I am in no mood to deal with your incompetence at this time. Moriarty is back, and I am hoping you register the seriousness of the matter.” John blushed slightly and looked away before the other two could notice his reaction, but turned back as he registered the atmosphere in the room between the sergeant and the DI. That, and the choking noise Donovan made and the hysteric giggle that followed after.
you were just as surprised as me. What if Moriarty and the pool had not happened? How long would you have loved me and not said anything?" Sherlock got up out of his chair. "Lestrade. Pause it. Get out." Sherlock flicked his fingers from the inspector to the door as he paced around the office like a caged lion.
He made a vow, right then, staring into his lovers face, that he would not stop until Moriarty was finished. He would make sure his soldier was safe, and as happy as possible.
But he couldn’t; not now their relationship was about to be put on show, when it was clear it was meant to be kept private, videos that Lestrade and two other associates acting as witnesses had to watch. Moriarty had given evidence, sent it in the sure fire way that it would have to be viewed.
He was too busy trying to not get an erection at the sight of his new boyfriend in sleek black speedos.
” John flicked the safety back on and placed the Sig on the mantle piece, eyeing up the windows and doors as he went. He glanced towards the kitchen and could see the smashed glass, the broken phone among the debris. Pinching his thumb and index finger over the bridge of his nose, the sound of John’s tired sigh crackling from the speakers echoed through Lestrade’s office.
Both he and John sat up straighter, angling themselves to get the most comfortable view of the TV; if this caused John to lean against Sherlock slightly, well, he wasn’t complaining. His voice reverberated through the room, choked slightly by gasping breaths.
"John don't be an idiot. use that brain of yours I know that you have, I wouldn't have fallen in love with you if you were part of the drooling mass that makes up this godforsaken planet."
"Cameras. You two, close your mouths and help us look for the cameras, there must be some in this room, Moriarty loves to play games. He's probably watching us right now and we're putting on his favourite a show."
"He's made a mistake! It's so obvious! He predicted our reactions all wrong, as John just said, nothing would break us apart, and Moriarty has been going on the evidence he's seen in these CCTV tapes. Namely, he's seen a beginning of a relationship by an apparent sociopath and no direct declarations of love, none that he could see or hear anyway, and a refusal into going public. He is a psychopath, he doesn't understand these emotions himself and he is under the impression that I'm just like him and only with John for some reason other than companionship, maybe as a ruse or a way of keeping someone for the rent. No idea, just speculation at this point... But It all fits!"
Sally held her hands up in a protective gesture while two of the men glared at her. Surprisingly, Sherlock was just looking at her in bemused interest, no doubt already having deduced what she was going to say next and not be bothered to be offended.
"SHERLOCK. Enough already. And shut up, I think you're giving Lestrade that aneurism you were talking about earlier and Sally
"Hey f-Sherlock, you think that's all of them? He seems like even more of a psychopath than you, and that's saying something."
He was dreaming, he must be. Sherlock had just said he loved him, albeit slightly rudely, but none the less. In front of the others. He said it in front of the others. God what was going on? He tried to think from Sherlocks point of view, the one where his own stupid insecurities did not play a part. Well... Moriarty now for definite knew John was his weakness. Yeah, that was slightly disconcerting. What else? Well, John thought with horror and a sort of sick mortification, Moriarty had infiltrated 221B, their sanctuary, the only real place that they could let their relationship blossom and grow. He had cameras at least in the entrance hallway and their living room. Oh god... John got off of his bum and jumped up, ready for action. He could analyse his own feelings about this sudden coming out later.
Sherlock was now sitting in Lestrades chair, feet up casually on the desk as he leaned his head back and pressed his fingertips to his mouth. He was only now just managing to brush off the tension in the room, finding it difficult to get into his mind palace straight away. Surprisingly, John was helping. Sherlock had watched him suspiciously at first, worried that now everything was in the open John was going to change. But he was relieved when all he did was give Sherlock a small smile, lean his back against the door and cross his arms loosely: classic case mode behaviour and posturing, not the slightest change at all apart from a slightly happier expression. After nodding back, Sherlock had closed his eyes, ready to visualise the data.
He bounded over to him and revelled in the wide eyed look John gave him seconds before he kissed him enthusiastically yet chastely on the lips, hands framing his face.
Well, for Sherlock that was actually quite nice, he was expecting him to lay out every thought in Lestrade's lizard brain for the world to see. What he found out must have been exciting.
"Alright! Yes I've never got drunk after you said...that. But Greg asked for a inside view on the cases I uploaded to the blog, kind of a behind the scenes look. Plus he wasn't on duty, and promised not to hold any of it against us in court. You know he couldn't anyway, not with Mycroft lurking about everywhere."
"Sir, I'm not saying I believe that view, but others definitely will when they hear. And when a criminal genius thinks that... Well, others will probably go along with it, even though he's an evil bastard. I may not like him much, but I can tell that Sherlock is serious about this and... I'm just sorry it had to be like this guys, I really am."
John watched in growing despair as Sherlock's eyes widened; there was nothing John could do to stop the growing deductions occurring in that brilliant mind. He didn't say anything, thank god. Sherlock just gave him a reluctantly amused look that managed to surprisingly make John feel a lot better. He would get no pity from his partner, Sherlock would only tease him good-naturedly. John smiled at him in relief and relaxed back into the chair, pulling closer to Sherlock's side. He felt his hand being taken from off his thigh as the detective threaded their fingers together to give him a comforting squeeze. John had always wanted this: the side of their relationship where they could hold hands comfortingly in times of stress, in front of others without a care in the world. It seemed like now they would finally get it, everything would crash and burn around them. It felt like his life was one big drama, where some unknown entity was writing his life script for the entertainment of others.
John tells himself to look away as Sherlock drinks it down, but he happily dazes at Sherlock’s bobbing adam’s apple, his lips, his cheekbones. Fuckin hell.
Sherlock’s sister tortured them. He hadn’t planned on that. What had he planned on? He would see her and then what? What was his goal? And does he need to tell John his worries of what's coming next?
There were a few things Sherlock had decided in the past few months. One, he’d decided he wasn’t always in control, but even when he wasn’t he had to maintain focus to avoid mistakes. Two, he’d only reveal his hand when he was absolutely sure of the outcome. Three, sometimes he was allowed to go off script but only if it wouldn’t harm anyone but himself. His life was not his own to throw away, but it was his to live.
“Yes, you are. Not only on the alcohol but on the fact that you realize I will do anything you want after you praise me. And I do mean anything. You could have me any way you want as many times as you wanted and I'd just beg you for more."
John shifts closer to Sherlock and Sherlock imagines he must be dreaming. The phrases "you're here" and "you're back" slip from John's lips. Though his eyes don't open. John is still on his side shifted towards Sherlock. He reaches out a hand to Sherlock’s waist and pulls him near, takes in a breath and repeats. "You came back."
Sherlock sits on the edge of the bed. John slides further down under the covers, lets his head get comfy on the pillow. He tells himself to turn away, face the wall, but he turns to look at Sherlock. And Sherlock turns to look at him.
John decided he had put the ball in Sherlock's court so he had to give the man time to process. Things like this weren't easy for John, but he knew they were a helluva lot harder for Sherlock.
"I know." Sherlock says. At least he knows they said it. What that meant he still didn't quite understand. Are they supposed to lay bare everything before the other? He doesn’t think that’s possible. Not now...maybe ever?
John is lying on his back looking up at the ceiling. Sherlock stares at his profile and tries to think, tries to think, tries to think.
They eat dinner then Sherlock helps with the cleaning afterwards. He walks up stairs to put Rosie down as John finishes the last of the dishes. He kisses her on the forehead.  John walks in to see him brush back a wisp of hair. John smiles then takes Sherlock’s hand and leads him downstairs to their bedroom. He takes him to bed. It is John’s first time with a man and he’s nervous until Sherlock explains he sometimes gets instantly hard just by seeing John walk into a room.
"What do you mean dear boy?" His father asks. His mother sits silent and seems to weigh his announcement in hand. She looks down at her hands and he can almost imagine what she must be thinking. He walks over to her and crouches, takes her hands in his.
John smiled at his phone. A grin that spread to his eyes , which he realised far too late were welling up a bit. He blinked the tears away as his eyes went blurry. Then he took a breath. Sherlock wanted to come see him. Sherlock then re-thought it, but he wanted to see him right the hell now and that was..that was something.
He takes another drink, looks over at John, then back down at the bed. If John didn’t know any better he’d say he was nervous and that somehow eases him.
“It makes no sense! You’re saying the diamonds and hearts equal two points, but only if followed by a face card but then double if it’s a Queen and also I can get a second deal of cards if I remember to take a drink after counting to the number of cards in your hand?”
“I mean at least not too much. I’m still frustrated you had me throw out those spores a few years back.”
Molly and Mrs. Hudson then ask to speak to Sherlock because they're both quite sure Molly's new neighbor is an international drug smuggler or at the very least some type of ne'er–do–well. Sherlock doesn't ignore them and asks for the details.
Sherlock watches him curious and John can't help but look away. He wriggles his nose and pretends to be hungry.
Years past. John rarely used this part of his arsenal. Only if an item was truly heinous in the kitchen. Only when he found a trail of spiders from Sherlock's chair. Only when Lestrade had threatened to never again call them did he decide to use it.
“Okay?” John prompts. And Sherlock knows he is not wrong that he hears a catch in John’s throat as he repeats the word. “Okay? Sherlock?”
It was confusing at first. Impossible really to come to an understanding. And he still doesn't know if they made the right decision. Seems a bit unfair to that John Watson in that world. Because he was that daft once.
Minutes roll by and neither moves their hands. Sherlock’s phone pings once, twice, three times then a few moments later it pings again. His parents. His mother always rapid fires out three texts each time. His father follows up with a sole addition.
“But we can’t move in now.” John blurts it out. They’ve talked. They’ve talked a lot. They know where they stand with each other, but they never explicitly discussed living arrangements when this was all said and done. And time is needed.
John Watson hard against his leg is the most amazing feeling he’s ever experienced. He absolutely wants, needs this to somehow be for him. In this moment he hates Mary for ever existing, hates himself for ever leaving, hates Moriarty for requiring the sacrifice, hates his brain, hates everything. In a few moments John will wake up and the horror on his face will be something Sherlock cannot stand to see. Still this has to end.
"The Borgia Pearl." He says aloud to her, but knows he's also saying it to himself. Once again it's come back around. The universe....rarely, very rarely. "I'll be in touch," Sherlock says then strides from the room and house.
"No one could have solved that but you." John sat in his chair and turned towards Sherlock. "And an amazing person such as you deserves more cases to show off your fantastic mind." John didn't want to lay it on too thick but he flashed a quick smile as he said his final words. "I know I’d miss watching you work if you couldn't do it anymore. It's wonderful."
John sends. It's actually true and a good excuse to get Sherlock off guard so John can look at his injury more.
John laughs. “No, it’s just me wanting to tell you how amazing you are because you are amazing.”  Then he sees it. Sherlock has learned to school his face even more but John’s eyes dip to Sherlock’s hands which are clutching his chair.
Outside of criminal motivations he isn’t especially well versed in romantic entanglements or relationships and emotion. Sentiment. Yes. He admits it now. It's part of him and as long as he learns to control it, to structure it within his makeup then he should still be able to function as normal. He will still have the cases and maybe he will also have this.
He means. It’s good that Sherlock does feel. But John realises that means the woman and him surely must’ve then. Maybe they even still do.
John cleared his throat. "Well--" he stopped. His eyes finally looking away from Sherlock's and landing on the floor.
Hours later she had heard it all. The whole of it that he’d kept inside for so long. Tried to make a joke about how they weren’t in a relationship no matter what people said. He laughed. She didn’t.
The reminder had just repeated itself as he'd set it up twice as he'd often forgotten. He mentally cursed past John's double reminder. He pocketed the phone and went back inside, gave a wash to his hands and sat down on a chair at the table and pulled out his phone. No reply. No dots. Nothing.
It's not as easy to cut ties and run like it was when Sherlock died. And ,yeah, that's another thing he needs to figure out. With a new, new therapist or no, he has to go back to Ella. She's confirmed to not be a secret member of the Holmes family and she knows him well enough. He’ll just have to say point blank that certain subjects are off limits. He never should have brought them up and they have to be let go. Other things to focus on now.
“Mary needed a location to hide. Irene told her about you, helped place her here.” Sherlock says this quick then pauses.  “I—I feel this doesn’t change that she fell in love with you, built a life with you, but the initial reason for her being here…..it wasn’t quite a coincidence.”
Three years past Mary's death a package arrives with a set of maps and a coded letter. John wants to throw it away, but they agree for the sake of Rosie to figure it out. They work day and night tracking down the leads and clues. It leads them around the world twice. Rosie stays with Aunt Molly and Uncle Greg with Uncle Myc providing round the clock security.
Then Sherlock moved his right hand to lay on John’s for a moment. The touch shaking John out of his momentary paralysis. He jerked his hand back and handed the phone to Sherlock who had turned his hand over, palm up waiting.
When the lips touch his cheek he turns his face and then Sherlock is kissing him. And it's good. It's so good. He loves that he can't tell them apart when it comes to their kisses because he wants to believe it. He wants to believe it all. And he can right now. He can believe that Sherlock found a way to love John all the more. And in a way it's true.
“Okay,” he says. John hears the retreating steps and calms a bit. Takes a few moments to breath and mentally reminds himself he has to set up a new appointment with Ella soon. He stands, washes his hands again and walks out slowly.
Sherlock: You'd mentioned forgetting for a few weeks in a row so I imagined you'd definitely get it done this week.
“I’m sorry. I really am. I thought I asked. I--I don’t want to force anything on you.” John takes a breath, inches further away creating a wide berth of space between the two. “We um--I’m sorry. I can uh...I can go sleep in my bed if you want.”
Harry and John hug. They apologise and say they'll be more kind to each other. Harry got her 1 year chip and she thanks John for inviting her and keeping the bar dry to help her with this step.
Norbury, he thinks to himself. He won’t ever forget. Despite the fact that John has forgiven him for that and even if Sherlock were to find a way to excuse his behaviour surrounding her death he cannot forgive what happened to John at Sherrinford.
They walk to Sherlock's bedroom. John takes off all his kit and watches as Sherlock seems to almost dance while removing his clothes. John slips into Sherlock's bed as does Sherlock. Without any discussion Sherlock lays on John's chest, John's arm snakes around Sherlock's back, holds him close.
The information hits him like a load of bricks. He can’t do this now. He can’t imagine how Irene Adler has information on Mary and he doesn’t want to know if it gets worse, and lately that’s all it does is get worse.
John doesn't respond. At least not in the way Sherlock plans. John thrusts forward again, grips Sherlock further and caresses. Sherlock thinks he might be dying or has died.
John not only hears it but he feels Sherlock’s lips move against his as they both try to come up with reasons why they should stop.
"No, I didn't.” John answers firmly. Then a smile creeps on his face. “But I may have asked Mrs. Turner to do it for me when she came to water Mrs. Hudson’s plants."
It didn't take long after that. Sherlock let his eyes drift shut, his mouth opened just a touch. He took a breath and said, “My phone please, John?”
She let it go that night and didn’t really bring it up again. She was there for him and helped him and fuck how dare he even consider moving on. Jesus. What kind of asshole is he?  And with? What is he trying to force on Sherlock? Sherlock
"I know your body too," John says and immediately wants to take it back. It shouldn't sound like innuendo, but it does. Not something Sherlock picks up typically but he doesn’t respond immediately. He takes another drink before speaking.
It’s not like when Sherlock died. John saw him for years after. Around every corner, in every crowd, and definitely at 221B. It was one of the reasons he had to leave. He’d come back to their flat and could almost see Sherlock sat looking at his microscope or reading in his chair. He’d have poor versions of their previous conversations with the non-existent Sherlock. And he always felt pained afterwards.
"I want to know. You always said you didn't and Mrs. Hudson was at her sisters. I don’t recall throwing them out. And Mycroft hadn’t sent his cleaning minions around to check up on me for ages at that point."
John goes quiet. Sherlock can’t interrupt. This is too tenuous for him to even consider pushing his hand.
Molly comes over the next day while Sherlock is gone. John isn’t sure what to say to her, but she puts on a pair of gloves and starts helping. In the middle of John giving up on putting the coffee table back together and realizing they need a rounded one anyways Molly turns to him with a smile.
One minute he was juggling Rosie's bag of things on one shoulder and taking Rosie from Sherlock's arms into his, trying his best to not jostle her as she was fast asleep, but then as they executed the hand off and her head slotted onto John's shoulders, Sherlock looked at him.
John’s eyes rove over Sherlock, to his neck. They land momentarily on his shoulder, wonders if it’s okay now.  He tries to look away, but he knows he's been caught.
“Sherlock. Fuck,” John says. The spatula clatters then and John’s hold on him becomes even tighter. Sherlock doesn’t say anything. Just this. This is enough. “Sherlock, we….we have got to get our shit together.” John huffs out a laugh, but continues. “Because I can’t…I can’t do this without you.” Sherlock can’t help but disagree. John can do anything, he truly can. He simply doesn’t know it. “And I…I won’t let you do anything without me. Not again.”
She makes eyes at Janine. Sherlock says it's a rather good match. John makes Sherlock promise nothing happened between him and her. Sherlock reminds John that he is 100% gay and as soon as their sex holiday begins he will remind him of that fact in as many ways and positions possible.
“I know, Sherlock. God I know.” John takes his hands to Sherlock’s neck and leans Sherlock’s head down. John leans up a bit. Their foreheads touching, their mouths a breath away from each other. “We don’t do this.”
He hears the shower begin running so John heads to the kitchen and takes down the coffee. He grinds the beans and starts the brew. He didn't do this before Mary. Before her he was good with a standard cup but she wouldn't stand for it. So out went the old coffee grounds and in came a grinder and new machine. At least it's not the French press method she preferred some days.
Before John finishes his third clench and unclench Sherlock nods his head in acquiesce and begins to undress. He turns away from John and takes off the Belstaff first, divests the trousers next. Finally his shirt is unbuttoned and removed   He’s left in his boxers, waits for John to say something. The silence now is deafening, and he only hears his ragged breath.  John says nothing, makes no sound. He walks away and Sherlock slumps down to the bed, waits.
Sherlock finds the Borgia pearl a week later and the place is nearly done. They lay in bed that night close. He's happy and sated in a way he never thought possible, but has been putting off this conversation and trying to figure out how to say it.
"No," she agrees quickly. "I don't. Not entirely. But it would be substantially easier than the alternative."
A moan seems to escape Sherlock’s lips. Nearly as soon as the sound leaves his lips he tries to stop himself.
They’d last communicated days after his birthday. Sherlock was awaiting his next minder and kept focusing on hidden stash Wiggins previously kept behind the microwave. He hadn’t known if Mycroft’s minions or Mrs. Hudson had found it and he could no longer stop himself from wanting to at least know.
Sherlock can't find the strength to feign an argument against it. He nods, turns off the engine, and pockets the keys.  Both men drag themselves slowly up the path with only John pausing to give a brief look around before picking up a fake rock, sliding out a key, and finally opening the front door. Sherlock smiles at the novelty, and does not mention the amount of break-ins that occurred because of such a device. Instead he follows John slowly inside, his eyes taking in so many details all at once.
"A-And I don’t want you to wake up in the morning feeling bad about using that. Now I’m going to take my hand down and I want you to agree with me. Okay?”
“No!” He tries again because God knows he’ll need that drink when he comes out. “No, I took some medicine. It’ll settle me in a few minutes.”
And he used to worry, but knowing Sherlock has backup makes things a bit easier now. So he heads back to their bedroom. He replays the dream in his head.
He's warring with himself about possibly suggesting it, looking at the sofa and worrying his lip when Sherlock takes off his jacket and then starts unbuttoning his cuffs.
"Fantastic," John had said. Sherlock at first admonished him but then said it was fine. John noticed then. He absolutely knew at that point. If Sherlock wasn't wearing his coat John was sure that he could look down and see proof that he was right.
"Whatever for? It was his people's fault the scene was trampled through nearly destroying all the evidence and letting a killer go free. I simply solved the crime and advised them of their mistake."
Hours later he wakes to a warm body between his legs, a hot, moist tongue licking his cock like it's an ice lolly.
John: Me either. Honestly. And I've fucked this up for so long I'm afraid of doing something that'll ruin this.
Sherlock can’t trust himself with words. He nods furiously into John’s neck which somehow causes John to laugh. And Sherlock laughs because he then realises his hair must be tickling John. John gives one final squeeze then lets go. Sherlock takes a step back.
“You?” Sherlock asks then leans on the counter. He’s still tired, John can see that clearly, but there is something nice about how Sherlock feels comfortable here. Comfortable enough to lean and sleep and be here with John. That he knows he’s welcome in John’s home.
Today he’d interviewed a few good child minders and was sure he’d found just the one. Open schedule she said. She knows CPR and all the like. She’s a nurse and also a self-professed ‘hippie’ and John likes that a bit. A different influence on Rosie. He immediately likes the woman, but he isn’t confused by who he is nor his life.  So he texts her name to Greg for a full background check then for good measure texts it to Mycroft so he won’t have to worry about her being a second cousin to the Holmes.
He tosses a tee gently to Sherlock. Sherlock knows this shirt actually. It's one of John’s almost threadbare shirts that he holds onto despite the fact that it probably should've been binned ages ago. The RAMC logo in the corner. Sherlock’s fingers trace the lettering as he hears John climb onto the bed and move underneath the covers.
John closes his eyes and breathes. There is an ache still, one he doesn’t know if he’ll ever shake, knows it’s connected to unfinished conversations and unresolved plans. But there has been some growth. It's a small mercy that he doesn't see her like before, but she's still there in his mind, at the edge of his heart. And this is good. It's something he didn't expect. That he’d find that bit of healing so soon.
Once he sits she moves closer to him. He smells the very faint perfume. Meant to be noticed only once one was very close thereby subconsciously alerting you are near to this person because you want to be close. But he didn't. It didn't work with him.
John's mind is hazy with the memory. Was it a Thursday or a Friday when the second Sherlock showed up? He doesn't remember. He just remembers the loud crash, the beeping noise, the tussle, the fight, the gun? Was there a gun? Mycroft's face of astonishment. Secret scientists. Many tests. Separate rooms in an underground bunker and then finally the second Sherlock asked to see him.
In the corner of the room he sees Sherlock's dressing gown. Then he looks and sees Sherlock's dressing gown. Fine. Normal. Three sets of slippers sit next to each other. They're lined up by who left the shower last. John's ,of course, was first. Sherlock's was next and then Sherlock's of course was last.
John follows him and sees him put on his coat and scarf as he heads towards the door. He feels like he needs to say something like ‘call me if you need me’ or maybe ask when Sherlock will be back but neither really is something they'd normally say so he just stands and waits.
With each passing kilometer the stress eased a bit, just a bit. Their unspoken agreement to ride in silence lasting through each turn, change in direction, and new road.  Ever so often they shared a glance toward the other, but never spoke a word.
John's brows furrowed. He closed his eyes. Part of him was willing something to be said, but he couldn't quite figure out just what. What he did know was that his hands were not shaking, but he thought they should be. They absolutely should be, but were absolutely still.
"Oh," she says. Her eyes grow large and her face softens. He hates her for this. "Oh Sherlock I didn't..."
John’s burst of laugh is bright before turning into a giggle. Appalling as it is, it’s infectious and Sherlock falls into silent laughter beside him. They somehow edge closer to each other as they giggle for a long minute.
Once the papers were created and one officially because William Sherlock and the other Sherlock William they had discussed which would keep the name in house. In the end confusion seemed to be the best option. John nor Sherlock or Sherlock wanted to use the William name. So in house they were both Sherlock. When they visited crime scenes they traded off on who would be William and who would be Sherlock.
His fingers danced over the screen and at the idea of doing something absolutely fucking ridiculous.
"I needed," she begins then unfolds and stands. She looks down at him. He's working to understand her game for standing when she interrupts his workflow. "I am here, or rather I brought you here to apologise.” He says nothing. She sighs, another bell to ring. “I knew about your sister and I could have warned you. I owed it to you, but didn't and for that I am sorry."
Well then, John thought, he gave it a try. He walked to the phone and picked it up. Called in an order for Angelo's then walked to the cupboard and took down two mugs, rooted around and found that bottle of scotch that they’d been gifted by the Czar of Omai.
John takes a shaky breath. He turns and his hand slowly descends to cup Sherlock’s face. He tilts it towards him and Sherlock takes the note. He opens his eyes then turns to look at John.
John turns his head to look at Sherlock. Sherlock sees the question in his eye, but waits for him to speak.
John looked at the words without a question mark. It was a statement, of course it was. Because Sherlock was deducing it all now.
“And?” John sighs.”Fuck. We said we'd figure it out. We'd..." John pauses again. Sherlock waits.“We said we'd get our shit together."
They stand and smile at each other with no other words uttered for a long minute. Forgiveness and acceptance written on each other's face.  Sherlock isn't sure what else he could say now. John seems to have something to say, but licks his lips instead. Sherlock chews at his own lips.
Lestrade came around not a day after and said he was glad Sherlock was going to try to be nicer. Sherlock gave a glance to John with a raised eyebrow. John beamed at him.
John: Of course? Not of course. I've been over here spinning out wondering what you were going to say next.
She and John visit Mary's grave along with Rosie and Sherlock. They all leave a single rose for her. And bid her a final goodbye.
She never asks for anything practical. The first time she asked him to write her a poem, the last time she made him be a participant in her Yoga class. ‘To give the guys and girls a treat.’ He wasn’t prepared for what madness would be requested for another late visit.
Sherlock wakes and turns to lay on his back. John is all but directly atop him. His arms bracketing each side of Sherlock’s head, trying to remain up. The rest of his body is in a push-up stance to keep the distance.
He could say that he didn't enjoy it. Which wasn't likely. After all Sherlock had kissed him back and Sherlock rarely did things unless he wanted to do them so he must've enjoyed it. Right?
As the car drove through the streets, turning this way and that he traded a few messages with John. It wasn't typical of him, he knew. But hidden beneath his embarrassment of the morning was a need to reach out, to keep the connection. Could not let John forget that he was there and would not leave.
“Oh.” Sherlock says. The look on his face is painful and John just wants to kiss it away. So he does. He lays a gentle kiss on Sherlock’s lips and still feels a thrill that he’s allowed to do this with this man whom he loves.
When Sherlock pulls up to John’s home and leaves the engine idling John ends the silence.  He opens the car door without a glance back.
Loving Sherlock wasn't a confusing thing to John. Even understanding that he wanted more wasn't a confusing thing, but figuring out what they should do with it all....that was the sticking point. He took a deep breath and laid back on his bed. Looked over at his phone on the side table and picked it up.
John stares back to him for a moment, meets his eyes but doesn’t speak. A small smile forms on his lips. It’s not the first time Sherlock's read John's mind and yet there is something warm and comforting about him reading it here and now. After many months of being out of sync to know Sherlock has not only had a peak inside but also understood and took action is a salve, a hope.
“Just Rosie. Going to see Molly and Mrs. Hudson. See about them keeping her a bit longer, at least until I figure out what to do about work and a few other things.”
But as minds are want to do he supplied a very reasonable reason that perhaps Sherlock was doing it as an experiment or for another reason. After all Sherlock kissed Janine and didn't care for her. Sherlock had told him that a few times, explaining that the entire thing was for the case and he truly felt nothing other than a bit of respect for Janine. So he kissed John out of respect? John shook his head and rolled the bin out and placed it securely on the kerb for the next day's pickup. He felt his phone buzz and reached immediately for it.
It was a nightmare, of course. But there was something in there, something he needed to remember. He didn't though so he let the dream slip away from him as the last of the stress it has caused slid away from him and then he was asleep.
This stops the giggles from Sherlock. He shakes his head, but he begins speaking. “She became what she thought you wanted to gain your attention. A beautiful alluring lass who was soft and simple. The opposite to what your current life held.”
John can't help but type back a smile. He knows Sherlock hates them but Sherlock has put a smile on his face and so he lets himself indulge.
"Jim took something from me as collateral to help. He was supposed to return it, but he went and killed himself and then it was sold, stolen, and God knows where. I want it back."
Sherlock holds him a bit tighter for many reasons, says nothing. He can hear the sizzle of the stir fry. The music plays on and then changes. The few lyrics he catches are not inaccurate. He doesn’t know what to say.
“Plans for the day?” John asks and offers the mug. Sherlock’s eyes dart to John’s mouth as he takes a sip. Then Sherlock looks away, takes the mug, and his own answering drink of coffee before speaking.
There was a period of adjustment for all, of course. Mycroft had to create papers and a trail to explain the second Sherlock to others. Identical twin was the easiest explanation. The few scientists made aware of the situation were desperate to learn how Sherlock achieved inter-dimensional travel.
Lestrade had a case in which three people were killed and only thumbs were missing. Sherlock solved it without leaving the flat. It did seem obvious once he pointed out all of the victims knew a man named Tom.
And still nothing. Then the exploration of his body stops. He finds he can't open his eyes still. And suddenly he's so tired. He aches for Sherlock. He aches. He needs him. He needs Sherlock. And Sherlock. He needs to wake. But he drifts asleep unsatisfied and alone.
John also moved back on a cold day in November.  They fell back into a rhythm. John a little more brittle, rough around the edges. Sherlock quieter than before. Still they moved in tandem until they found a solution.
“Fine,” Sherlock says and unfolds himself and walks to the kitchen. John watches him go. He seems regal in the t-shirt and a pair of John’s never worn silky boxers. He’d bought them on a whim and Sherlock is a fuckin sight in them. Hell he’s a sight in anything, in nothing even. But John is feeling something he shouldn’t be feeling right now. He firmly tells himself that he’s not allowed even one more sip tonight and he’ll keep himself far away from Sherlock as possible.
He'd been here many times previously, even sleeping here once, but he hadn’t been allowed inside after Mary’s death.  He wasn't allowed to see or help John. Instead he was sent away with a letter whose words cut him more than he thought possible. The idea that John would likely never again want him in his life was intolerable. The fact that he'd come so close to losing it all tonight was painful. He shakes his head, waits for the protocols to come into place again. He can't dwell. Not now, not ever.
"I knew when Mike brought you in the lab that day. And then over dinner at Angelos.  I know when you showed up after I said danger. When you shot a man for me.  Half a dozens of times after that of course.  I completely knew when I had to leave and play dead. When I came back and when you got married. John, I've known I was in love with you for some time now.”
Once dinner is over John starts doing the washing up when Molly calls with Rosie in hand ready to say their good nights. John stands in the kitchen smiling bright as Molly positions the phone to focus on Rosie in her little bassinet.  Molly recounts Rosie’s day and Mrs. Hudson chimes in with various adorable things their little girl has done. They, like John, agree pretty much everything Rosie does is adorable.
John reaches for her mug in the sink. It's silly, but using it feels like...he doesn't know. It's a connection he still needs for the time being. He takes down his own mug and rinses it out along with Mary’s, dries them off and waits for the brew to finish. He's dragging this morning and he knows why. Now there is hard work to do. Hard work he isn't ready to do. Now he needs to work out a schedule. Now he needs to look for full-time care for Rosie. Now he needs to maybe sell the house. Mary made sure he could afford it on his own, but does he want to stay here?
They say grief is lessening when you smile or laugh a bit more. John can't help but note all those moments have occurred because of Sherlock.
A knock at the door startles him far more than it should. His heart is jumping through his chest. He can't quite find the air to speak.
John’s eyes say sorry. His lips purse to try to talk but in the end he simply kisses Sherlock’s finger in apology
"For you really.” She gives a small, sad smile. “She'd sent out a SOS to all her trusted contacts. I wasn't one, but..."
Mrs. Hudson was dressed in black. John was as well. And he felt heavy, so very heavy. He wanted to sleep, but he couldn't because a gun was being pointed at Sherlock and Mary was the one holding it. John just needed to find a way back. He needed to go back to days, months, years before.
“I'm here,” Sherlock says. He hopes that's enough. In the dead of the night when he was captured and tortured for weeks the John of his mind would walk around each room of his palace and say just that to Sherlock. That calmed him more than any meditation or drug, at least more than the ones he had on hand.
The first time John noticed it he didn't really truly notice it. He'd let the word slip from his mouth and Sherlock seemed to blush.  When he smiled John was pleased to have made Sherlock happy but that was it. Nothing more. Then he did it again. John crouched on the floor at a crime scene, Sherlock pouring out deductions that seemed almost magical. The connections made were almost impossible but Sherlock made them possible and perfect.
With that he walks to the couch. He unfolds a sheet then a blanket. He adds the pillows at the far end. Sherlock doesn’t move.
John: I couldn't stop myself, couldn't hold back. I'd held back so many times before and tonight....I dunno what happened. I just couldn't. So it wasn't planned, but I'm happy it happened.
And they made love. He had thought they would just tear each other's clothes off once they had started, but then it turned slow, calm, beautiful. He came blissed out on the love they shared. Well that paired with the expert way Sherlock could touch him and make him need to come within mere moments.
Sherlock thinks back to the first night he wanted this and how he realised it was an impossibility then. He tries to shake his head and remind himself that it is still an impossibility. He is not who John is reaching out to touch, to want. It’s Mary. She is still here in the room. He thinks of the cup remaining in the sink. She is still in John’s heart. He thinks of the words uttered moments ago. As John just said...she is “here.”
"Nevertheless what?" Sherlock said unfolding himself from his sulking position on the couch. With his wild hair and wild eyes both at attention Sherlock gave John a look of exasperation coupled with a heavy put-upon sigh. Now was the time. Now when he would do it for Sherlock's own good. He'd use the one thing he always knew worked.
He knows this means he’ll have to break the connection of their hands and it’s only then that he realises he’d been idly circling the pad of his thumb over the back of Sherlock’s hand.  He stops immediately, looks over to see if Sherlock had woken or noticed.
John kisses him then. Slots his mouth over Sherlock’s and kisses him slow and precise. He breaks the kiss and works hard to not give praise for Sherlock’s soft, kissable lips. He doesn’t want to use it again.
Then with John's free hand he reached out for Sherlock's face, ran his fingers over the man's jawline.
John begins the motion from earlier. His thumb swiping back and forth. He and Sherlock are both lying on their backs again, staring up at the ceiling….again. Avoiding again.
John, sits back and lets the channel remain on whatever is playing and keeps the sound low. He riffles in the drawer and picks up a deck of cards. He tosses them towards Sherlock.
Sherlock shakes his head. “Ever noticed how often I pretend you’re not even there? It’s self-preservation you see.”
“Where do you think Mrs. Hudson gets it from? Plus she owns property in central London along with Mrs. Hudson. She also rarely leaves the house.”
Then one day John was stood outside of Bart’s not believing this was happening. He hadn’t just seen Sherlock die. He wasn’t just standing, waiting for a fuckin cab to take him back to their flat. That hadn’t just happened.
"Opulent, but clean I like to call it," Irene says while scanning the room, her eyes landing on a few different works of art.
Sherlock is expertly exploring his mouth and kissing him deep and passionate. He kisses like the first time still. Both of the first times. Like when it was all said and done and Mary was no longer in the picture and John had come to Baker.
"No, of course you didn't, Sherlock." John said then he was kissing him and kissing him and telling him that he would love every version of Sherlock that he ever knew. Then the first Sherlock came into the room and said.
Sherlock works through how she knew-- Moriarty? No a guard. And she knew what he liked. Easy to get information about the one visitor she had. Records harder to find but not with Irene's skill. But she didn't tell Sherlock. Logical. She could use the information to her advantage one day. Maybe to illicit a favour or more from Mycroft or himself. He doesn't actually blame her for this. He doesn't say this to her because it feels obvious. He waits for more.
"No, it's just that if you say 'humping’ then I won’t be able to stop laughing.” John gives a snicker and the sound eases Sherlock immeasurably.
His mother stands and hugs him. His father reaches out a hand and shakes it then pulls Sherlock in for a hug. Sherlock gives a glance back to Mycroft as he’s leaving.
Both his mother and father smile at him. He stands. Mycroft's face is impassive, but he nods in acquiesce. It's something.
“It could be her,” John says. Sherlock nods. He doesn't say anything. John isn't sure what he's thinking and he needs to know. “What do you know?”
He stopped on the landing, peering in through the door to see Sherlock, his phone still in hand although this time he was just staring at it. He admired him, like he always did, he was such a beautiful man, both inside and out and he couldn't believe how lucky he was to be a part of his life.
"I hate to alarm you both, but I'm getting married in less than - woah" John paused, standing in the door way, his eyes wide as he looked at the pair, holding onto one another.
"Bonding 101" John smiled fondly. "I like that you're trying, however, maybe stick to weekends when you want a movie marathon and not late evening the night before she has school"
"Sherlock" John spoke through an inhale of breath, his breathing rapidly increasing. The word not seeming real as it drifted off his tongue into the direction to whom it belonged to.
"Right" She nodded, her eyes flickering to her computer screen as she typed the name into the system. It felt like hours let alone minutes until she finally found what they were looking for. "You'll need to go onto the trauma ward, the Rose Ward, you may not be able to see her due to the fact she is in-"
John was wary but still, he nodded "alright, I'm sure there's some shit day time TV show on" he stood from his chair, leading Sherlock away through the hall and towards the living room.
, knowing that I would never return your feelings? Because I would never have figured it out, John, not without a catalyst. For god sake, it took you being almost blown up for me to understand that the reactions I had towards you were even…
John couldn’t help but say affectionately, focused on soothing rather than demanding an explanation.
“It’s not about anyone deserving anything! We all react differently to trauma, you can’t compare a single person in this world. As a doctor and a man who has seen action, I have seen grown trained men curl up in a ball and scream until their voice gave out. I’ve seen women and children dust themselves off and stand up like nothing ever happened. I witnessed a boy no older than 20 wake up to find he was a triple amputee. I swear to god, that man looked me in the eye, smiled and said, well, at least I’ve still got my wanking hand. A veteran in his forties, discharged with all his limbs intact, fine other than a scar to the shoulder and not even a real limp fell into a deep depression. Thought he was worthless, stuck in a tiny little bed sit with a useless therapist and an addiction to danger.”
John let go of Sherlock's hand as he felt him tense, and wrapped his arm around his skinny waist once more, giving him an affectionate squeeze and whispering, "I'm still here, always." Into Sherlock's long neck. Sherlock grunted in acknowledgement and pulled away slightly, embarrassed by his need for comfort.
"  DONT YOU SEE!? DONT YOU ALL GET IT!? Moriarty knows. John is in even more danger now because of me, just because I have chosen him. He's got cameras everywhere, documenting our every move, watching. John, get up and help me look, you know my methods by now!"
John was speaking lowly, calmly, and that was more frightening than any kind of shouting that Sherlock could endure. He was pale, and flinched as Johns breath wafted onto him, the sweet scent at odds with the sour taste he could feel creeping into the back of his throat. This was his John, the real John, untamed and unabashed in his anger.
"No point holding anything back John, they'll see for themselves anyway, why not give them an early warning." Sherlock then folded his arms and looked smugly at the D.I, before pronouncing. "Lestrade, may I warn you that throughout these little clips- and I speak for myself, I didn't know John's habits at that time- I masturbate. A lot. Sometimes with toys. I pleasure myself on the sofa. In my bed, in John's bed. I touch myself sat in my chair, on John's chair. In the shower-although we have no evidence for cameras being in the bathroom, but I wouldn't be surprised- and if that disturbs you, then tough, you have to watch. And that's not taking into account what we do to each other, why-"
He forced himself to remove John's comforting embrace, closing off his emotions with a practiced motion.
"Come Lestrade, everyone does it- pun not intended. I don't see why it's a big deal, considering almost the whole population of Britain or even the world has 'done the deed' as they say. I could deduce, if I really wanted to, which I don't, the last time either you or Donovan had debased your selves to carnality and how you went about it: with another, on your own, what style or what equipment. But John has forbid me from doing so to members of the met. He says to save it for when clients are being annoying, and I like to do it when he needs cheering up: he finds their facial expressions hilarious, it never fails to make him laugh." Sherlock smiled over at his partner, as if he were sharing an inside joke. John just looked pleasantly surprised at the fact that Sherlock would do such a thing for John's own happiness. It made his heart warm, albeit how weird the notion was.
"Well, seeing as you know me so well, John Watson" Sherlock began, inching forward to mimic John "can you please tell me why I always come back for you?"
Sherlock chuckled "No gory details, I'm afraid. Wasn't quite as evil as we assumed, nice guy actually - you'll probably meet him"
"That would be a war on its own" John chuckled softly, kissing Sherlock's chest before untangling himself from his arms and leaning to grab his T-Shirt from the ground. Turning to look at Sherlock as he put it on "So, where do we go?"
"I want to do more, believe me I fucking do" John began explaining, licking his lips as he leant his head against Sherlock's "but I said slow, so slow it is"
Today he’ll visit Molly and he wants to pick up Rosie, but knows he’ll need to impose on Molly even more. Mrs. Hudson is staying with her until they assess the damage at 221. They’ve both reassured him that they’re okay with helping for as long as he needs, as often as he wants. He hates that he needs the help, but there are still things to put in order.
John flicks on a set of lights and walks up the stairs.  Sherlock closes the door, chains it, then turns to take in their now illuminated home.  He noticed Mary's presence didn't seem lessened.  A grocery list in her handwriting sat on the counter. Her red coat hanging bright as ever. Sherlock's eyes cut to the scotch bottle on the table. Barring the idea that John hadn't gone through an entire bottle,  the amount had decreased by 83% since the last time he was here. Then they'd shared a post-drink toast followed by a hazy game of charades. Sherlock hadn't faired well in the drinks department. At least not once it was paired with the muscle relaxant John slipped into his drink to make it easier to stitch Sherlock up.  Sherlock had woke early in the morn and left before both John and Mary saw him...Before he was required to see them. He never accepted a drink from John in this house again.
John finished his tea, said goodbye to Mrs. Hudson, and bounded up the stairs. He walked in to see Sherlock glance away from his phone then his eyes landed on John.
His mind dwelled on their first meeting, their time when they lived together, when Sherlock jumped, when he returned, his stag night, the days spent with Sherlock after he was shot, Eurus, and how they worked to rebuild 221B and their lives.
“John, are you perhaps imagining your deceased wife and my criminally insane sister in a cat fight?”
It wasn’t a line and yet John took his time crossing it--and the room. When he finally sat down beside Sherlock he took a breath. The way Sherlock had folded the dressing gown over himself the pocket was just over Sherlock’s crotch.
“Or,” John turns to him. “This is actually a pullout.”  John reaches down underneath and tugs at two long pulls. He leans up and back and the sofa turns into a pull-out bed. He begins rearranging the bedclothes to cover the full size.
"Yes, I suppose it is. But with it I’ll have everything I need and once it’s returned you'll be done with me for good. I promise to never contact you again." She stands, holds out her hand. "Deal?"
Irene passes him without a look then sits with her legs tucked under, lounges calmly on a large, grey couch. She pats the seat next to her. Sherlock does sit. Normally he'd parry by ignoring her suggestion and sitting far away from her, but he doesn't have time for the game and it's really unnecessary. Irene knows he can beat her. And Sherlock knows she can beat him. The score is 3-2 in her favor though.
As he searches for the memory of last night other memories rush back to him all at once. The past twenty four hours, hell the past twenty four days. Mary, his wife, is dead. He is a widower.  Their daughter has no mother. Fuck.
"Yes," John says firm. Sherlock feels John’s body tense a bit, back more straight. "That's an order."
Before he can decide John maneuvers Sherlock closer. He can smell the alcohol present on his breath. It's both sweet and sour and reminds Sherlock of why John may be dreaming more heavily.  John's hands drift south and take in a handful of Sherlock's backside. The grip is incredibly intoxicating to Sherlock and try as he might to stop it. He lets out a small sound of contentment. To be touched by John is something he never felt possible even in the most amazing of circumstances.
The DVD shows up and John calls him over. They watch it together in silence as Sherlock stands awkwardly and John sits tiredly, wondering if this is the final message she has for him. Wondering if another will show up each time he gets ready to move.
John is apparently having a nightmare. The motion behind his eyelids is rapid. He tosses his head to the side. His brow furrows.
Once he and Rosie were home he put her officially down for the night then sat on his bed and took a breath and thought about it, really think about it.
He finds Sherlock sat at the corner of the already made pull-out bed. The pillows are arranged along with the covers. Sherlock has pulled the end table next to the bed and set atop is their glasses along with the bottle.  Sherlock stands once he notices John. He takes a step near him, but says nothing. He looks down at the shirt in John’s hand.
“Right,” John says. He doesn’t have much to add. He can’t imagine the discussion they’ll be having. He flashes back to the one his parents had with him after Harry came out. The horrifying idea that the neighbors would know seemed to be their parents chief concern. The next was what to do about it. The word “phase” was used more than once. The others were “therapy” and “fix her.” John had remained quiet as they spoke and waited until the very end to ask to be excused. He left the table then walked past Harry’s room. It was completely clean. His parents had kicked her out or she had left...he never figured out which was which, but she was gone and they didn’t talk for a long while after that. John feeling abandoned by her when he needed her the most, and he assumed Harry must’ve felt the same way.
So John does. He recounts their first meeting to Sherlock. Sherlock falls asleep hearing it. John falls asleep telling it.
“Mm. No,” he says. Nothing else. He is feeling the day ease away from him, the drink is lulling him to sleep. He feels warm on the inside and out. Sherlock didn’t keep Irene from him and he is here, telling John the truth. Sherlock isn’t hiding anything anymore.  John reaches out a hand toward him, ignores the part of his mind that’s saying this isn’t right. He takes Sherlock’s hand in his and holds it, idly runs a thumb back and forth over Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock eases himself down a bit closer to John than he expects but it’s good, it’s really good. John keeps up the motion and it lulls him further to sleep when he already wants to drop off. They could be okay. This could be enough.
John couldn't resist, he lunged at Sherlock capturing his lips with his own. This time his body mounting over his, his thighs across Sherlock's as he reached for closeness. Within seconds Sherlock's hands were firmly grasping at John's arse, pulling him onto him. John's lips parted slightly as his tongue met Sherlock's, fighting for dominance for only a slight second before John gave in and melted under his touch.
His eyes bulged from their sockets as he breathed in the array of - cleanliness - the whole apartment had wiped its usual smell of dust and ancient to simply, clean and fresh. If that wasn't a shock enough on its own, what was next was beyond belief.
He frowned, mounting the final steps and noting the odd silence. He stood outside the door, fixing his shirt and hair once more. He sighed "Sherlock" as his hand pushed the door ajar, he wasn't sure what to expect when it opened.
"I - went to visit an old friend" he spoke cautiously, the sigh still evident as it rolled of his tongue. He really was exhausted.
His eyes widened, his body stiffening as he sat up straight, looking at his feet where Sherlock was sat on his knees, his eyes peering over the desks, firmly towards the swinging doors.
"St Barts, obviously" Sherlock said, sitting down on the sofa, not bothering to put on clothes "It's the only place that we can be assured of back-up and protection, we know the building inside and out"
"Oh, leave him alone" John quickly intervened "he's in detective mode, if he wants to dress for the occasion, let him"
"You read your fathers blog, didn't you? Your mother and I were very good friends. I cared for her very much" Sherlock answered instantly.
And that's when Sherlock knew, he knew he was absolutely in love with John and he knew that nothing, not a single thing could be as perfect as this moment.
John released himself from Sherlock's cock with a 'pop', using the back of his hand to wipe his mouth, he used his hands to move himself, leaning up slightly so he could hover over his chest, his lips turning into a smile as he watched Sherlock return to reality, his eyes dazed for a few seconds before they finally fully opened and he quickly lifted his hands up to pull John close, placing one last sloppy kiss against his.
"You think?" Sherlock asked, his lips turning up into a short smile, leaning his head against hers "I think you may be right"
"Didn't seem right to. Seeing as we're here, would you like to come in? After all, it is as much your home as it is mine"
And with that he was gone. Sherlock had heard the front door close from beneath him, all he could do was grasp onto his pillow tight, his knees nearly reaching his chin as he curled up tightly, the only sound then elevating through the flat were his sobs, quiet yet hurtful.
"I don't know if I can" Sherlock shook his head gently, his attention firmly on John, his body shifting to the side, a few steps between them yet their chests in-line.
John took a deep breath, lowering his head to look at the ground. His chest was heaving, he had never felt such a rush before.
"Sorry" Sherlock spoke softly, his body turning on John's arms swiftly until he was facing him. He smiled, wrapping his arms around him and pulling him close "I was thinking... I didn't mean, you know, I'm sorry, when I'm thinking I forget that I'm not a lone and-"
"Oh, I wanted to know whether I'm getting the bus home after school or getting a taxi to Baker Street?"
"Yes, Sherlock. Time to go home. No coming back after that, it's all over once you step foot back into 221B, you understand that?"
"Well yes, considering I'm spending my time with a depressed doctor who's missing his boyfriend. One of us really does have to be optimistic or we'd be sat here listening to sad songs and crying all bloody day"
Their hands stayed locked together as they walked side by side to the rather, large house in the middle of bloody no where. They approached the door and Sherlock lifted his free hand to knock on the door.
"Well, as long as you're not vomiting all over the school premises then I say you're fine. It's not happening Rosie, end of. I'm going now. Stop bloody texting and calling me"
"I know he does, he just needs a little more time, that's all" Sherlock agreed, deep down hoping that what he said was true. Although he would admit to himself daily that John felt the same, he knew deep down that eventually this dream would come to an end and this could either be his mind palace tricking him or simply nothing more than another case - either would be as destroying as the other.
"Very" he agreed, looking around the kitchen collecting the fond memories he had shared in here. Remembering the hungover breakfast, listening to Mrs H talk about her husband, drugs and all the sex she had and he had to refrain from bulking just like he did the first time "so, did you ever manage to find another tenant for the room upstairs?"
He heard the music slowly increase in volume, he knew that was his cue to shut up before his teenage daughter came and castrated him.
Sherlock wasn't aware that John's use of profanity in this situation could affect him so largely, he was still trying to take it all in, the little pinches of the skin on his thigh that would cause him to let out a small moan against his lips, the way his body would jerk when his hands would become a little too close. He was noting it all down, making sure to remember what John liked.
"Everyone, this is Sherlock Holmes and John Watson, Scotland Yards most famous idiots" Greg introduced, taking a gulp of his beer and turning back to the others in the room.
"Right" Sherlock said, his cheeks gleaming a crimson red at the thought "I see. So, what I deduced was correct? The feelings are in fact mutual?"
John gulped, closing his eyes for a second until re-opening them to meet Sherlock's, he reached his hand out, grasping his for only a second in a tight grip before letting go.
Sherlock chuckled, the crinkles beneath his eyes evident "she really is something, never met a thirteen year old with such sass"
Sherlock's hands weren't helping, in fact, they were wandering around his torso, like they were exploring his ever lump and bump. His head had soon rested against John's shoulder, his hot breath sending John into a mindful frenzy and when he innocently kissed his neck he almost squealed. And although John had tried to sustain himself, with every exploring touch, he soon began to wonder if Sherlock's touches were as innocent as he thought.
John took a deep breath, his hand on the handle "Sherlock, we're here" he pushed the door open and stepped in, noting how much fresher it smelt, as though he had just sprayed air freshener at that very moment before he walked in. He gazed up, looking at Sherlock who was sat in his chair, his fingers twiddling on his lap as he looked at John with a look that could only be described as worry.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, not turning around from where he was brewing tea in the kitchen "I told you, Mycroft. There was no need to arrest the man, he is simply mislead and hurting, he needs help not a jail cell"
"My sister, much like your own brother, is very damaged - however she's still alive, she would have killed us all if she could but after a lot of panic and pain, we soon learnt she was lonely, she just wanted her family. Luckily, my sister is still alive, she is locked away from us but she is safe and alive - if I would have known sooner I would have helped her and the same goes for Jim Moriarty, I never want to watch someone struggle with themselves, no one"
Well, he would not follow blindly: he would stand tall in the face of this and choose his own path. John smiled as he looked over at Sherlock, bringing up his hand to kiss his knuckles. His lover looked at him questioningly, before John gave him a firm nod. Sherlock could almost feel John's determination through their connection, and he nodded back with a growing smirk. No more time for silly questions now, no more time for worries. Side by side, they would overcome this bump in their path, just like always.
John gave him a secret glance, winking at him as his eyes smouldered. Sherlock's eyes widened and then he blushed violently and looked down shyly. John took pity on him and changed the subject, before the others cottoned on.
Sherlock laughed at that, breaking the tension in the room so suddenly that Donovan and Lestrade almost had the compulsion to slump to the floor.
“John, it might be a case! An interesting one, maybe a double locked room murder suicide theft!” John sighed, huffing a breath directly across one of the nipples in front of him. He watched, fascinated, as the skin around it pebbled, the tiny hairs pin pricking around the small little nub.  He couldn’t help but smile at the loveliness that Sherlock was when he was excited, how that voice shook sound waves that seemed to lap crushingly at john’s heart. Sherlock scoffed, and whispered deeply in his lovers’ ear, trying to sound unaffected. “John, that’s not going to work, I NEED a case.” he was grinning slyly; he could imagine it perfectly. Oh he knew his partner was trying to wind him up, but it worked every single time.
” He mocked in his best ‘everyone’s an idiot bar me’ impression. Sally smirked incredulously at him.
Lips were parted, breath shared, eyelids lowering as they licked gently into each other’s mouths, tongues coiling together. Sherlock let out a whimper as the hand in his hair tightened further, the other travelling down smoothly to grip a firm, full arse cheek. Sherlock’s fingertips searched out a bare chest, to play across sensitive scar tissue that he stroked reverently, a routine that he never failed to carry out every time they made love. An ode to what brought John to him: his soldier. He felt as John’s hardness pressed insistently against his thigh, heard him moan as he adjusted to press against Sherlock’s own arousal as they rutted through their pyjama bottoms. His cock was so hard already, throbbing slightly as they exchanged pleasure filled sighs between them. John felt like he was going to burst with lust. He wanted. God how he wanted him. Causing Sherlock to gasp out a breathy laugh, John rolled so he was on top of Sherlock and straddling his thighs, hands either side of his head, nose to nose as they grinned at each other.
"Right okay, when you take it out of context like that-" John was cut off at that point, as Sally decided to finally throw in a comment.
phone after mine, let it ring once, hang up and then ring again. I still don’t see why they don’t just contact you first anyway, they used to.”
Lestrade also watched, although with a growing sense of frustration as the genius bastard stayed silent. He couldn't find anything in the letter when he looked at it, and he had read it so many times it was almost memorised. How could Sherlock have got something just by reading it once? He was such a git, leaving them in suspense like this, but Greg couldn't help but feel some sort of... Fatherly pride at his consulting child-detective, so he stayed quiet and hoped that Sherlock’s love of praise from John outweighed his love of the dramatic. Lestrade was extremely optimistic, especially after the little scene he had witnessed a couple of minutes ago. Christ, if only his wife was even a fraction as devoted to him as those two were to each other. His marriage would be frankly sunshine and rainbows, not left in the gutter where divorce papers were stained with the blood, sweat and tears he had put into keeping their relationship a float, smeared with all the shit she had put him through. At least they didn't have any kids, thank fuck, he would have hated to put them through the blazing arguments about the house. Only a certain government official who remained anonymous managed to convince the harpy to retract her claws from his whole life savings.
There was a deep silence, only broken by the rustling sounds over the audio. Sally broke the fiery eye contact and looked down at the floor, the sneer sliding off her face as she suddenly felt ashamed. Lestrade finally cleared his throat and pointed at the screen.
Lestrade felt like a huge dick now. At first, yeah, he had been surprised by Sherlock’s little display of affection. Who wouldn’t? He didn’t mean to mock him for it, far from it. He felt a bit privileged really: he had witnessed him being…well… cute. There was no other word for it; he had been snuggling with John for Christ sake. And he had ruined it by appearing to be judgmental about it. Well, no point in crying over it now, what’s done is done. Although the man didn’t have to defend himself quite so thoroughly, john hadn’t done anything wrong in Lestrades eyes. John’s reaction had confused him somewhat as well. He hadn’t seemed put out or upset or anything like that. Just pissed off, and not with who you would imagine.
Sherlock's posture suddenly changed, he was relaxed, more so than John. He took a step forward, closing the space between them, smirking as he reached for the bottom of John's simple T-shirt, pulling it from him without a second thought, then copying John's actions as he worked at his jeans until they were both standing awkwardly and very similar in front of one another.
Lunch. Sherlock didn't eat at the best of times however it had been him who suggested that their friends and the two of them should go for lunch, a celebration of Mrs hudson's return from hospital, a few grazes, a skin graft to her leg and a bruise the size of England around her wrist - but, still a badass, nonetheless.
The words burned a whole right through John's chest, the pour of emotions and heart break that he felt both from Sherlock's words and himself was something he had never endured before in his life. And it was horrible.
"Like I would ever go to somewhere like Benidrom" Sherlock frowned at the idea "I would much prefer somewhere hotter and more exotic"
"Yes, yes, I know that. It's just - what was she like? Dad only tells me bits and bobs, all I've got is the blog and it just doesn't seem enough"
"We couldn't shift them away, I'm afraid. Don't mind them, they wouldn't interfere" Sherlock spoke, his voice firm and bold, showing his dominance, of course, John knew better.
"Sherlock, please" John spoke firmer, his tone catching Sherlock's attention finally, his emerald green eyes that he loved so dearly booking onto his own "- you know we can't ignore this, you know what will happen if we do. If we walk away from this, he will find us and we all know what he wants and I
"I'm glad you came" he admitted, leaning forward in his chair slightly "I wasn't sure if you actually would or not"
"No she wouldn't" He snapped, cracking his neck "You're wrong - she loves me now, she cares for me, she wouldn't leave because of some stupid detective. He's been gone for years, she could live without"
"You think nobody would mourn him? Jesus, you're so wrong - Sherlock has friends and family, so many people that love him dearly, some of which have waited and waited for his return, for a sense of security and safety, I waited twelve years for him to come home to me and if I was to lose him now, I would mourn him until the day I die. That's the difference between your brother and Sherlock, nobody cared for him, he was nothing more than a loose cannon that the world could happily live without"
Sherlock frowned, sniffing until he too smelt it. They both turned their heads at the same time, looking into the sliding doors of the kitchen and noting the sudden burst of flames flying from the oven.
"So, you're staying?" the question left John's lips, the one thought on his mind as whether or not Sherlock was about to walk straight back out of his life again.
"I don't want you to become bored, John. I understand my nerves may become frustrating, especially as you have been sexually active for many years and-"
"Someone at school told me you used to take drugs" Rosie blurted, looking at Sherlock with amused eyes.
"You bloody cock" John laughed huskily, taking Sherlock's hand in his own "she's not our bloody housekeeper"
"Rosie adores you. I saw you both earlier, she came to you for advice and comfort - something she's not too comfortable to do with me, she's always been so reserved yet with you she's an open bloody book. How?"
"Sherlock" John shouted from the bottom of the stairs, his coffee in hand. He waited a second before shouting again "Rosie! Will the pair of you get up, you're going to be late"
"I don't think it is anymore, I'm not really ready to get back into it nor do I believe I ever will be. Is it such a problem that I intend to just live? I may be inhumane at the best of times John, but even I would like a peaceful life at some point"
"And you assumed that you were in the position to make that decision?" Mycroft challenged, stiffening his stance as he stood in the middle of his living room.
"The day you would finally realise you are not inhuman. You see, brother mine, out of the three of us, myself, euros and yourself, you were the only one to actually act normal. As a child you would play, even with other children, you would pretend, go on adventures, create and use your imagination. Something Euros and myself never learnt how. Mother and I soon realised that you had hooked yourself onto myself and our sister so dearly that you had transformed yourself, into, well, you"
"I didn't abandon her, I simply took her away from an extremely dangerous situation - you would have done the same, that being if you were ever capable of loving or even advancing on another human being"
"And how will you feel?" John asked, only a step away from him now, just far enough to reach out and pull the man into him but he waited, wanting to gain his trust "if you did?"
That was his last reply before John had stormed from the room. He of course had gone to Irene for advice the day after the whole incident, who had guided him, however, it didn't seem to be of much help at all.
John held him, a sigh escaping his lips, he'd done it, there was no gun shots, no wounds, no pain, no deaths, they'd done it, in less than half an hour. Nothing but themselves and a very pained and heart-broken man, but it was done. He peered up, his eyes gazing at Sherlock who watched with wide eyes, taking in the scene in front of him and he smiled, a soft, gentle smile and nodded. They'd done it.
"I didn't know she was there" He stuttered out "I wasn't aware of her, I didn't check, I didn't know that"
she continued "look John, he may have stolen my future husband from me but deep down I always knew your heart belonged to him. I just blinded myself from the obvious in the hope that maybe you did want me - but, I'm not upset. If you would have said I Do you would have regretted it for the rest of your life and that's not something I want to be a part of"
"Hush" John shook his head, looking up at him "- I know, you don't have to apologise, love. What's the matter? Are you worried?"
He sighed, unlocking his arms and leaning over just enough so his thighs never left Sherlock's, he grabbed his phone and frowned noting Mycroft's name - once, that name wouldn't have came as a surprise but as he had decided against contacting him for years he knew this wasn't good.
"My sentiments exactly" Mycroft nodded "she is stable - for now. However she is critical, she will need a skin graft on her right leg, she had unfortunately been stuck in the kitchen for quite some time and the skin is badly damaged. They should be taking her within the next fifteen minutes"
"I do apologise for not visiting often, with Rosie and work and life, it all just got on top of me. To be honest, I've been too busy living in the real world to return"
"Yes" He nodded, attempting not to laugh at the ridiculous excitement. Nobody should be this excited meeting an ex drug lords wife and a sociopath who solves crimes to get high.
"We wait" Sherlock spoke slowly, walking over to John again, releasing the photo from his finger tips and replacing it with John's hand instead, pulling him up until they were chest to chest once more, his long arms wrapping around John's shoulders, resting his chin against his head. "There's not much more we can do"
Sherlock took only a few steps forward before Rosie launched into him, wrapping her arms around his waist and resting her cheek on his chest. John physically stepped back, a gasp escaping his lips as he watched. Sherlock stood still for a slight second, trying to understand what was happening, John expected him to push her off or even ask her politely to move but instead Sherlock simply returned the favour.
"To answer your first question, I don't know where I was, somewhere in India I believe, I didn't ask questions I just simply got on a plane and went wherever my brother requested. I only listened to him because I was lost, I have never felt at such a loss before in my entire existence. I allowed myself to lose my guard and in doing so, I stupidly turned to him"
"I hope we're not too late" was the last thing John said as he followed his daughters steps and out of the door.
"I just... I don't know" Sherlock answered honestly "I said I wasn't capable anymore, I just couldn't find that part of my mind, it wasn't switched on this time, I had no idea how to get out of it - I was lost"
"About what?" John pushed, he needed these answers. The unanswered questions that had played on his mind for so long.
His breath hitched, his eyes gazed over his appearance, once beautiful brown curly locks now glazing over with a misty silver, brown still peaking out from underneath. He noticed it was shorter, not too much, but more defined. The once extremely structured jawline was now more full, his face rounder yet his cheekbones still stuck out like sharp razor blades, the eyes, so bright, glazed over with emotion, surrounding by black circles from lack of sleep, as always. His clothes, they were different, yes, definitely. He had never seen him anything but a suit, but today, he was looking at a man dressed in a simple black pair of skinny jeans and an over sized grey sweatshirt. Who was this man?
"Yes, she's interesting, I like her very much, she's not boring - you however, Mr Holmes, you are very boring. You're not what I expected at all"
He smiled, he shouldn't have but he did. It was only a small smile but Sherlock's words seemed to affect him in all the right ways, although he did leave him, the idea of John being the only thought process was quite - soothing.
"Got you, right, thank you Dr Watson, let's hope this cream works. My thighs are burning" He laughed, although John couldn't find it in him to even pretend to humour him. He just smiled, extending his arm in the direction of the door.
He sighed, placing his phone onto the counter behind him and lifted his hands to rub his eyes. Rosie had been none stop since she had met sherlock, assuming she was some sort of royalty because he was her Godfather. He was stressed, to say the least.
"Oh, Sherlock - look what you've done to yourself" she sighed, her eyes peering up and down at his appearance.
"The game is on, John Watson" Sherlock spoke softly, a slight smile on his lips as he revealed his hands that were holding a bouquet of flowers and a bottle of Jack Daniels "I was unsure of what gifts men liked to receive from their potential lovers, I bought the flowers because they seem to be the common thing to buy but the Jack Daniels was purely bought to make this gift seem more, well, manly"
He rolled his eyes, ignoring every one, noticing how he thought that if Sherlock could see his daughters texting skills how distraught he would be. He placed his phone in his pocket, reaching for his aftershave to spray just a few more times - not like he hadn't sprayed it at least 100 times already - he peered up at the clock again, nervous.
She stepped over the shoes that John had flicked off his feet without a second thought, assuming that this was his home once again. It was a habit.
"You're a bloody idiot" John lifted from Sherlock's lips "such a bloody, loveable, adorable, curly haired idiot and I love you"
"Please, refrain from teasing me" Sherlock laughed softly, removing his hand as his eyes turned to the wall once more, noting the pictures scattered across it and the stab marks in the wall and he looked quietly for a few seconds before something hit him and he was suddenly rushing to the wall, his boxers bunched at his ankles as he focused on one particular news article. John watched in bewilderment as Sherlock pulled the photo from the wall, using his free hand to pull his boxers up to his waist and eventually turning to John with wide eyes "I know what he's going to do"
"you know, now you two are fucking it's no fun anymore - I preferred it when it was John and I ganging up on Sherlock, not the two of you ganging up on me"
John couldn't respond with words, he just held onto him tightly, leaning his head against his chest "Yes" he choked out.
Sherlock walked towards his chair, the chair that John had watched for so long just hoping for it to be filled again one day. And as he sat back, crossing his legs over one another, John felt a release of relief wash over his body. He knew that it was real, that, this time he wasn't imagining it. He smiled, just subtly, before following in his steps, sitting in his own opposite him.
"John?" Sherlock asked, John could feel his eyes finally on him and no matter how much he had waited for him to look at him, it didn't matter much now.
"No, not at all. Rosie won't be back home until at least five anyway which gives me plenty of time to stay here for a while and drive back in time to see her in"
As soon as Sherlock had began to realise, he had hidden it, hiding it so deep that no even he could react much to it. He would find himself staring at John unknowingly, admiring his smile, the crinkles beneath his eyes, the way he would look at him - he admired all of John. And that's when he knew things weren't okay, he was losing himself, day by day, falling into a deep pit of utter disgusting human affection.
"Because you're an idiot, deep down" John teased "but, I'm serious. Two best mates don't just do what we did"
He stood up, the phone still to his ear as he walked to the doorway finding Rosie sat on the stairs in a huff.
And Sherlock knew he was about to hate every moment of this movie but as long as he had John, nothing seemed miserable.
"No, yes, but no. It's not a real party as such, we will be going to Lestrades house, Molly, Mrs Hudson and Mycroft will also be attending. He has just moved and is having a home warming party, I think that's what they call it?"
And Sherlock had frozen, his whole body into shock - never did he expect to be considered for such a role of importance in John Watson's wedding day, let alone did he expect to be involved in it at all. If anything, Sherlock didn't want any part in it, not because he hated Mary or that he didn't like Mary and John together, well he thought he didn't, but because in some ways, the idea of watching John Watson leave to marry this woman was a feeling that turned his stomach.
"As much as I wish for this to end as you do, it would seem he has a lot of demons to fight before your little retirement can be official"
John nodded, it was all any of them wanted, they wanted this evil excuse of a person to pay for what he had done to their friend, their family - no matter the cost.
"Are you okay?" He repeated, this time to Rosie who nodded with a soft smile. "You two are as bad as each other, Jesus, why on earth would you be nervous? Get in here"
"I know" John chuckled lightly, leaning against the kitchen side with his cup in hand "this is all so strange, isn't it?"
"No, John. I can assure you he's not high" She said softly, turning to look at Sherlock who's back was now facing the two of them as he stood by the window, looking defenceless.
"Well, I should mention that your beloved Mrs Hudson has in fact awoken, this morning. She was rather delirious, she remembers the facts of the situation, in fact, she woke asking for you both, so if I were you, I would scurry over before she starts scalding the nurses" He said, nodding another goodbye before finally leaving, his footsteps the only sound left until the front door slammed shut.
"Thank you" Rosie whispered just loud enough so that John could hear too, still gripping onto Sherlock.
"Right, I better go before I start crying" She said, through a deep sigh before turning her back to the two men and heading for the front door and shouting "Bye"
"Very much so" He nodded, a malicious grin spreading across his lips and the sight caused Sherlock to gulp, the smile so similar to Moriaty's, it was like a flood of memories hitting him all at once.
Molly left shortly after, John had been sat in the corner watching as Sherlock consulted with the officers, soon enough being joined by Mycroft and a bunch of official looking men, he kept himself to himself, watching it unfold around him - he couldn't help it, as confidence as he wanted to be, he was scared, worried even, worried for his life, worried for Sherlock's life and worried for the life Rosie would leave without neither her father or mother. But he also knew it needed to be done and that was all the motivation he needed.
"Yes, yes they were" John nodded, shuffling his jacket from his arms as he walked towards his chair, placing it on the back and leaning against it "I'm in shock"
"A what?" John frowned, taking the flowers and bottle from Sherlock and placing them onto his desk "when on earth have you ever wanted to attend a party?"
"So, how's that friend of yours?" He asked, knowing that would bind him so time as she began to badger on about her fake friends.
"Not together, Mrs H" he shouted a response, hearing her low giggle fade as he walked towards the apartment door.
Of course, John should have expected it, Sherlock was very able to build a wall around himself to protect not only himself but his feelings. But, even so, John couldn't help but hurt. He knew that doing this would be difficult, he knew the man he loved and knew how hard it would be for him to simply move into a relationship. But after a month, he hoped that maybe they would have made some progress - and, well, watching him flurry around the flat like an absolute god, didn't help.
"Sometimes, all someone needs is a shoulder to cry on, Sherlock. He misses his brother, not the one we know, the one he knows" John stated, turning into his side to look at him. "It was easy, all of it was so easy - why couldn't it all have been that easy all those years ago?"
"Rosie, please tell me you're getting ready" John shouted up the stairs for the tenth time in the past fifteen minutes, on the verge of losing his patience.
"It doesn't feel right" Sherlock choked out, his voice completely unfamiliar, every inch of pain expressing itself with every word "I don't think I want this life very much, anymore"
, was announced into the public eye he found himself admiring him, wanting to be just like him and that only humoured
"Excuse me" Sherlock practically shouted as they approached the front desk "- urgent, we need to know where Mrs Martha Hudson is"
He pulled his phone from his pocket, hoping to see Sherlock's name however once again it was filled with nothing more than multiple texts from Rosie complaining about her day.
And with that, she jumped up from her seat on the sofa and practically fled from the living room, her exciting squeals still heard as she ran up the stairs with her phone in hand.
"I've been in danger the moment I met you, Sherlock Holmes" John spoke softly "I expect nothing less. We can work this, we can keep Rosie safe - I have relatives that will happily care for her whilst we deal with this here. There's no avoiding it. This man has nearly bloody killed Mrs Hudson, Sherlock. When would you ever allow someone to get away with that? She's not just your bloody house - keeper, she's your friend,
"So, like Moriarty, we wait until he comes to you? That he inevitably will?" John mumbled, his head resting against Sherlock's chest, this was comfort, this was home.
"I..." he starts, but his eyes are wide, he was startled by John's sudden closeness - noting the few steps between them both.
He did as he was told, instantly. He got to his feet, taking a deep breath as he buttoned his suit jacket up. He looked at John and then Rosie, forcing a smile on his face.
"Because - well, I'm his best friend, it's different. It took him a long time to settle with me, you have to remember that" John tried to explain, poorly.
"Why do I feel this way? It's a human emotion I gladly deleted years ago, something I never wished to endure - why has it released? My mind never allows time for stupid emotions, how did this happen without me realising?"
"At least I tried" Sherlock tilted his head to smile at John sweetly, leaning down once more to kiss forehead gently. "I'm sorry it all went so wrong, that was not my intention at all"
"I want... Can you undress me?" Sherlock asked, his eyes flickering to the floor as the question fell from his lips.
"A woman, our friend, Mrs Hudson, she was inside our flat when you blazed it, she is now suffering, fighting for her life in hospital"
Sherlock had been beyond himself for weeks, he had never experienced such confusion in his life. His mind simply wasn't agreeing with him - something he definitely wasn't used to.
"Will you stop?" Sherlock physically cringed, his eyes scrunching shut just at the words. Still, it made him turn round. "You do in fact realise that you were the one who kissed me, right?"
John knew that living with sherlock would force him to look after not one but two children, having Sherlock was like looking after a grown and extremely taller teenager a lot of the time.
His dark brown curls falling onto his forehead, his eyes soft and tired, a sleepy smile across his lips and the most adorable cotton pyjamas. He was like a dream.
"The difference between you and John Watson is that he is independent, he has his own mind, he is strong and powerful - you, however, have no mind of your own nor are you powerful, you are simply a copy of your own brothers mistakes, just wanting to live up to him when in reality you shall always be nothing but a little bump in the road, your name never to be heard or seen" Sherlock angrily retorted, his fists clenching as he quickly defended John, his John.
"You've been quiet for ages, you didn't even talk when you were eating and on my Dad's blog it says you have a habit of talking too much when you're eating"
John braced himself, he was a soldier after all, he needed to stop pussy footing around him "we need to talk" he spoke firmly.
"I waited" John admitted, finding it in him to speak rather than lunge at Sherlock with his fist "for a very long time, Sherlock"
"Whatever's going on, it's because Sherlock's back, isn't it?" Rosie asked, pushing her bowl away from her as she straightened her tie, her uniform perfectly ironed thanks to Sherlock.
"Yes, yes, fine" Sherlock nodded, although it was clear he was nervous and that was something he had never seen before.
"I love you, too" John returned, his smile never fading, much like it never would when it came to his life.
"Must be a normal thing" he huffed in response, shuffling his arms from his jacket and placing it onto the chair behind him "I love her though, dearly. She just winds me up"
"What could be worse than burning your kitchen down?" John mumbled to him, leaning his head slightly into his chest.
"I didn't believe Greg when he told me you both were coming. It's nice to see you both together again, nice to also hear that you're finally giving the whole Romance thing a go"
It was quarter to seven and John was partially ready, well, he was dressed (in a shirt, upon request) and his hair was done and he had to give himself props. He looked alright.
"Bad way with people?" He laughed lightly "You see, Sherlock has an incredible mind. I've known him for a very long time, I lived with him and spent nearly all my time with him so I've learnt how to deal with it - you may get a little over whelmed by him but just remember that he doesn't know what he's doing half the time"
"Where are you two going?" She asked, doing as she was told as Sherlock returned down the stairs with a bag packed for her.
John's hands stayed out, pulling on the lose strands whereas his lips began to move down the rough of Sherlock's unshaven stubble, below his chin and down his neck, his teeth nipping on the skin under his ear. And John could physically feel Sherlock growing harder beneath him, he might (or absolutely did) have moved so his arse was now sat directly on top of it, he also may (definitely) have began to lift his hips ever so slightly with every kiss and bite just to feel Sherlock's body move with frustration beneath him. He was enjoying this.
"We need to talk about this, John" Mycroft spoke from inside the phone as John rushed to put his shoes on "there's a reason this occurred, you understand that?"
Sherlock was baffled beyond belief, what was going on here? He watched as John left the room, noting the bitterness in his voice as he did. He sighed, leaning his head back against his chair with a groan, then unlocking his phone re-reading the texts.
"Shall we... Go and watch some tele?" Sherlock choked out, finally releasing John's eyes from his piercing glare.
"Sherlock. I didn't marry her" John said firmly "How on earth could you expect me to stand up there and marry that woman after you admitted all of that to me? Talking of which, why the fuck would you wait until this morning to admit that all to me? We've known each other for years"
"because you leave, Sherlock. That's what you do best. You have this habit of deciding what's best for us before even consulting me and that usually ends with you leaving me and if this,
"So, you're telling me that you had a case, a real case after so many years and it was that bloody boring?" She frowned, her question almost as a statement "wow, well, clearly old age is making you both boring - what a let down, can't believe I was so excited to hear about what a great case it was and was let down, rubbish Baker Street boys"
"Yes. But that doesn't give you an excuse to arrest my daughter" John stifled a laugh, taking his place back in his seat.
"I promised your daughter, don't you worry that pretty little head of yours" Sherlock winked, leaning back to rest his arms on the back of the sofa and if John wasn't so worried he would have described him as god-like as he sat there, he could still admire him from a distance without admitting it, of course.
John just sighed. "You were being so sweet as well; you just had to ruin it. Couldn't help yourself."
John decided to chip in at this moment, already getting into the drill as if he was questioning a suspect with Sherlock. On cases where that happened, John always thought of the two of them as a well-oiled machine, each with their specific roles. Most of the time, his partner would just eye them and their surroundings up, deducing whilst also causing the suspects to feel on edge and flustered. John saw it as the bad cop good cop routine, but had refrained from ever saying that out loud again. He enjoyed not being glared at so hard his ears may catch on fire, and after making Sherlock watch those police action movies...well, John believed the term to be 'not impressed'. In fact the term may be 'John, this is utter rubbish, I can't believe how anyone could conduct a successful questioning with this amount of something that is meant to be called intelligence' and so on and so on, until John had a lump of sulking Sherlock on his hands. Not his best idea ever, he had to admit. Anyway It was his job to seem the calm, friendly one, asking questions that on the surface seemed simple yet were extremely effective, sandwiching and toning down the big ones that Sherlock shot out of his mouth that lead to that all important final answer.
Greg really did hate it when Watson pulled out the Captain stare on him; it was… disconcerting. It didn’t match up with the John that he had gotten to know over the year of being in his presence. He was kind and doctor-ly, and put up with far too much shit. He wore those jumpers that were all comfort and no fashion to speak of. On a case, he was stoic: he could handle the vilest of crimes, more so than any of the members of the forensics team, as much as Sherlock, even. Lestrade did not know this John, the one with a pack and rifle slung over his back, his fatigues bloody and torn, dust worn and clung to by many a man’s hands as they bled to death in the heat and flies of an Afghanistan best forgotten. Only Sherlock could even get close to knowing him fully. He felt like a school boy being reprimanded by the headmaster.
Of course, the phone stopped. Sherlock let his neck relax and his head thumped down onto the pillow, a heavy sigh parting his lips. “It’s not like you didn’t wish for an interesting case, love,” John teased half-heartedly, running a hand down his face, panting as he tried to calm himself down. Sherlock scowled at him slightly, closing his eyes and cursing Lestrade for interrupting now of all times as the phone began to ring again.
the detective bit his lip as the two friends made eye contact, before bursting out into laughter that bordered on hysterical.
They didn’t need words in this moment; they could communicate with each other so easily now, after living together as work partners and flatmates for four months, and even closer together as their other half for eight. John tightened his grip on Sherlock, and caressed his back with gentle hands, which travelled up to carefully grip bed-head curls that twirled lovingly around his fingers, like honeysuckle vines through a woodwork trellis. Their eyes were on fire, bodies burning up in the close quarters of the duvet, every inch of them pressed together as much as possible, as if they could absorb the other through osmosis. Breath hitching, words that weren’t enough caught in his throat, Sherlock tipped John’s chin up with his long fingers, knuckles rasping stubble, and burned. John’s gaze flickered between kaleidoscope eyes and licked lips, the tension increasing in ever growing logarithms. No matter how many times they were intimate, the passion between them never waned, only grew as awkward inexperience was nurtured into perfect synchronisation.
you know the drill: Feedback is always welcomed, and if you see any mistakes don't hesitate to point them out!
"Does it matter?" John was quiet and calm as can be on the outside, and Sherlock just wanted to shake him. How could he be like this? So… tranquil when Sherlock was a hurricane inside?
Sherlock shook himself and scowled as John waved a hand in front of his face. He may love the short arse, but he would not stand to be called 'mop-head'. He had a perfectly fine head of curls, thank you very much, ones he knew John loved.
“Sherlock..?” John risked putting his hand on his arm, which tensed under his touch but quickly relaxed as Sherlock leaned imperceptibly into him before tugging his arm from his hold. John got the message, and prepared himself to ignore whatever sour comment he said next: it was all for show. He understood, and was a bit peeved with the two officers sitting opposite, actually, especially with Lestrade. They should know by now, how much Sherlock relied on his sociopathic exterior and instead they sit there and seemingly mock him for showing emotion.
Sherlocks deductions steadily grew, an avalanche that threatened to crush him completely. It was like earlier, but a hundred, thousands, times worse. His ears were ringing slightly with the deafening silence that surrounded him physically, whilst mentally his mind clamoured with cymbals and car crashes, a secret meeting a midnight encounter a false betrayal an explosion a surge of water a gasp oh god please no john-
" I thought that I wasn't good enough for you, hell I still think that. What I'm trying to say in a round about way is that I'll always be here, and you have always been enough for me, more than enough. I know how you like to gather the facts, so I'll give you one: I will never stop loving you. No amount of grand declarations or silly flowers or ridiculous valentines cards will change that. No stomach-churning experiments or body parts in the fridge. You don't have to change sweetheart, not for me, not for anyone. Although it would be quite nice if you do the washing up or the shopping every now and again. So... Yeah. That's... Well."
"Oh and to answer your previous question of half an hour ago, frankly, Sally, the sex is bloody amazing."
Sherlock, who was perching on the edge like a kicked puppy, scooted closer to the doctor, who was busy opening the kit and unravelling gauze like candy floss on a stick. He still looked angry, but it seemed like he was containing himself, channelling the doctor for the moment and putting away the angry soldier for later, until he could really chew Sherlock out. His jaw clenched, John checked over the detective gently, pulling his arms this way and that to assess the damage. Sherlock just sat there, remarkably docile as he scrutinised John from head to toe, using his own skills to ascertain the degree of injury. Or, that's what he had told himself at the time. He was
