Steve nods and gets a small smile in return.
! "Can you not tell Fury I said that? Or Natasha?" Tony asks and Steve opens his mouth to say something but no sound comes out.
"Tony," Steve says, this time louder.
“What?” Tony asks.
“What do you even think you are doing? That was stupid, Tony, you could have died – Bruce could have died too. He was right there, what if he hadn’t turned in the last second? Tony, this was so thoughtless, I haven’t even got words for it. You put everyone in danger, not just yourself, every single one of us! This is not a game, you don’t get a second shot at this! How could you be so reckless?” The 'Captain America is disappointed in you' face works on Tony every time, he instantly he feels like shit. This is great, really, getting blamed for saving someone’s sorry ass.
"Tony," Steve says, voice and body shaking with sobs. Tony can see his lips are trying to form words but all that comes out is another sob. He is clinging to Tony's hands like they are his lifeboat. "I- I don't even have a- And I'm naked!" Tony isn't sure if the next sound is s sob or a laugh but he sees the unspoken question question in Steve's eyes.
“There is nothing to fix!”, Tony didn’t realise he was shouting, even after people began to stare.
“You’re in love with me,” Steve finally says and that’s how it’s out. Very simple and uneventful. No fireworks. He should have planned fireworks, that would have lifted the mood.
"Hey," Tony says as he opens the door to the meeting room. "I'm sorry I'm late guys, but Stark Industries doesn't…" He trails off and for a moment he just stares at Steve, his expression uncertain. Steve does his best to smile encouragingly. He can basically see Tony's face fall, but he only takes one second to collect himself.
“That doesn’t matter to me! Yes, I want kids, but they would still be our kids, even if neither of us would give birth to them. We could adopt a child or even get a surrogate mother if you want that. We can talk about that if you are not up for adoption.” He looked at Tony, but the older man just continued to walk up and down in front of the fireside. “Can you at least look at me, when I talk to you?”
Steve looked surprised and hurt at the same time and it broke Tony’s, heart. The super-soldier opened his mouth to say something but closed it again, because he had no idea what to answer.
“So you’re like...” Bucky trails off mid-sentence.
“What’s with the kids, Steve? Are you just going to ignore the issue, like I do?”
“Is this about the joke Natasha made a few weeks ago? Tony, you are not that old! Sure, we could both get killed tomorrow, but you are not going to suddenly die of old age, completely out of the blue!”
“It was a joke, Tony! Just a stupid joke!”
“Yeah, I got that,” Bucky replies, half annoyed, half amused. “You only mention it like a hundred times a week. Tony this, Tony that, what is it with the guy-“
he likes me, chances are we will fuck up. And then I’ll lose him for real. We’re not a big group here, Bucky, not like your friends. And if Tony and me- one of us will do something stupid and it will get real ugly and-“ the unspoken
"It's not that." Tony looks frustrated. "It's not work or Avengers business, it's just that-" He takes a deep breath like he's bracing himself for what's to come. "You remember when you apologised for the helicarrier thing?"
“I don’t know,” Steve admits. “I don’t think I’ll do anything.”
“I know,” Tony says. “It's just leftover adrenaline.” I am just too happy right now, he thinks.
Tony sank down in his chair. “Do you really think that?”
“No, I mean if I don’t want kids. Ever. Under any conditions.”, his voice was slightly shaky but he looked at Steve now.
"It's not what you think! I like you a lot, Tony, but-" Tony interrupts him and
“They are.”
“I should leave,” Tony said but before he could turn around Steve grabbed his wrist.
"I'm not making fun of you! I'm just trying- I'm trying to understand, okay?" Steve hurries to explain. He wouldn't make fun of Tony's feelings. He couldn't. Tony is his friend. He likes Tony.
The living room at their floor was empty and Steve sat down in one of the big red chairs, that they would normally never use because they would cuddle on the couch. The good news: Steve had finally released his wrist from his death grip.
"I just feel like all I ever do is fail, Steve. And it's a lot to handle sometimes." Tony admits and Steve can see that it costs him great strength to say it. "It's not your fault. I'm working on it, okay?"
“Oh.” Tony stares at his shoes. “You-“
"Yes." Steve finally manages, unreasonably proud of managing a one-syllable word.
hangs in between them.
“But you want kids! The way you look at them like they are a little miracle, sent from heaven with their tiny hands and careless smiles, you want that too!” Tony got up from the chair and started pacing around in the living room, even though he knew it would drive Steve crazy. “And I can’t give you that! I’m not a woman and even if I’d be one, I’d be too old.”
“Nothing there. I promised you, Steve. And I keep my promises.” Tony rolled his sleeve up again. “I’m fine Steve. I’m not suicidal. I just don’t want to be like my dad, okay?”
“Tony, if you really can’t even stand the thought of having kids with me, then I’ll just have to deal with that. I’d just like to know why. And don’t say it’s because of your dad. You would be a great father, you know. Much better than Howard.”
"Yes," Steve says because apparently his vocabulary is now limited to one-syllable words and incoherent babbling. He can't think when Tony is looking at him like that.
“I did. But I am sorry for that and you know that. The Howard I knew was a different person, then the Howard you knew. We’ve been over this a million times. But this is stupid. This whole breaking up thing is stupid. There is no problem that we can’t deal with.”
“I know,” he says. “I couldn’t promise you that either.”
“I can’t lose you, Tony. I just can’t lose you, I’ve lost everyone who ever meant anything to me, don’t make me lose you too.” Tony wants to start crying again. He can’t decline Steve his wish, not after this kiss, but he can’t promise that.
“You can’t stop me from loving you,” Tony says before he can stop himself. “You can do whatever you want, hurt me, leave me, ignore me, shoot me, I don’t care, but you can’t stop me from loving you.”
"Yes, I'll marry you," Tony says and he's smiling so hard it almost hurts.
"-I mean the tower technically belongs to the Avengers, so as long as you don't change the name, that's yours in the divorce. See, you get the house and the kids, I don't think that's a bad deal-"
“I know you hate me, Tony. You’ve made that pretty clear. But still, I mean - why would you do that? How much higher was the chance for you to live? 10%?” He has stopped the shouting and he sounds different now, a bit broken, the way Tony usually sounds when he talks about his past, or alcohol or Howard, or Steve or - well, a lot of things.
"Yes," He says. "We can get a ring later, it doesn't matter."
"Nothing," Steve says, resisting the urge to squirm. "Go to sleep."
“I like him,” Steve says as soon as the call connects.
“Tony! God, you are like a child, can you just listen for five minutes?” Steve’s voice is annoyed and painfully loud in Tony’s ear. When had Steve come so close?
“I- that’s not fair,” Steve protest although it’s not like Bucky doesn’t have a point.
“Me too. But aren’t all the good things scary?”
“I am,” Tony finally says and now it’s out and he can’t take it back.
"Yes," Steve says and this time it's the right answer because Tony smiles and he gets tiny wrinkles around his eyes and that shouldn't be as attractive as it is. Bucky had them too and Steve can't even put into words how glad he is that it doesn't hurt to think about that anymore. He's done looking back and maybe this can be his new start.
“I know,” Steve says and the next part is the funny part because Steve smiles and it’s a nice smile, the kind that stays in your eyes, even after your lips stopped smiling. “I just wanted to see how sure you are.” And then - he kisses Tony.
“Then we’ll fix it. We can get you another therapist. A better one. And it’s not that bad, Tony, you are doing much better than you think. Hell, you don’t even drink anymore! You haven’t in months! You don’t smoke and your nightmares are getting better.”
"You said 'marry me'. You-" Tony wrangles his way out of his partners arms, turns on the bedside lamp and rolls around to look at him. "You can't just take that back!
“I know. I would do the same for you.” Steve’s voice is comforting, almost too soft.
“That scares me,” Tony says.
"Shit," Tony says when Steve doesn't react. "I'm sorry- I thought, maybe…" He trails off and Steve can see his hands clenching nervously, and he's actually nervous,
“Why?” Steve asked, his voice full of disbelieve and oh God, where those tears in his eyes? If Steve would start crying Tony would break down, he was sure about that. “What have I done Tony?” He sounded so broken and Tony was just seconds away from crying himself.
“A bit, yes. But it’s okay. I’ve done that too.” Steve said. “Want to go to bed? It got a bit late.”
“It does, Steve. You are 34! I’m 16 years older than you!” Tony ran his hands through his hair, just like Steve did just 15 minutes ago. “Even I think that’s a bit too- You could be my son, god damn it.”
, Tony's come to his own conclusion.
“Steve, do you remember what happened the last time I had a panic attack? Just imagine all that with a kid! This isn't save for a kid. Hell, this isn’t even save for you.”
“I don’t care about statistics, Tony! It was so close, you have no idea! There is no way you are doing something like that again, not for me. I can’t keep you from doing it for anyone else, but you don’t get to sacrifice yourself for me. I’d rather die Tony, I mean it.”
"Fine!" Steve shouts and turns back to face Tony. "Fine, I proposed."
Steve's doesn’t know what to say to that. They aren't best friends, Tony and him, not really anyway, and Tony has many, many times, proclaimed how little he trusts Steve. And still, here he is, pouring out his soul to Steve. Laying it bare, open, for Steve to do as he wishes. Just months ago, Steve's first thought would have been about using this information, this trust, to better control Tony, but now all he can think about is, that Tony doesn't think he's a good person and it's Steve's fault too.
“But why, Tony? You don’t even like me,” Steve says and Tony opens his eyes and it is a mistake because Steve just looks lost and hurt and Tony would do everything to just never have to see that look on Steve again.
"Because you- I know you don't want to but I- sometimes when you're asleep I-" Steve stammers. "I respect that you don't want to get married. It- It- I-" He looks so lost. "I just ask sometimes. And it doesn't mean that I need you to marry me to be happy, I'm plenty happy just like this!"
“No, Bucky. I
"So, we could, you know, get dinner. If you wanted." Tony sounds nervous too and Steve wants to say yes so badly.
“Then I’ll wait. We’ve still got time, Tony, we don’t have to decide today, we can still-“, Tony interrupted him.
“You are not like your dad, Tony!”
He leans into Steve’s chest to hide his tears but he knows that Steve had seen them anyways. He doesn’t mock him for it though. For a moment it is quiet and they just lay on the sofa, Tony half on Steve and it should be awkward and uncomfortable and it kind of is but they don’t mind.
"Tony," Steve interrupts, but Tony goes on like Steve hasn't said anything.
"What did you just say?"
“It’s not the girl. Hell, this isn’t even about you!”
Everything is okay afterwards, for a while. Nothing big happens, there are no attacks, no mandatory team meetings and Steve spends a lot of time at SHIELD or on missions, which is probably the reason it takes him so long to notice that Tony is avoiding him.
“Oh no,” Steve said. “Show me your arm.”
"I think you need to explain that to me."
“How do you know, you’ve never tried asking anyone before. And if that’s the main issue, then we can work this out. I love you, Tony and I want nobody else but you by my side. If I had to choose a thousand times, I would choose you, ever time.” Steve’s voice was now calm. “I’m in love with you Tony. I want you, and I am not leaving you, because you are 50, or don’t want kids or because of the things you did before we even met.”
For a moment they are both quiet and Steve considers hanging up.
Steve really doesn’t.
“3%,” Tony says and for a moment he can’t believe that he’s telling Steve that. Confessing just how much he wants to belong somewhere – to something, so much that he is willing to die for it. “Yours was 3%. Mine was 6.”
He can hear Steve take a deep breath and for a moment there is nothing but awkward silence.
“Tony!” Steve is now just in front of the sofa but Tony’s eyes aren’t open, so he can’t see him, just feel his presence right in front of him. For a moment he asks himself if Steve will hit him, but it’s a silly thought. Captain America wouldn’t do that, and Steve Rogers wouldn’t either. Because he’s a good person. Someone who deserves to be saved. “Tony, this is not funny, okay! I don’t know why I’m even talking to you - You don’t listen anyways!” He turns around and Tony can hear the door close, but then – suddenly, he is back and he sits down on the sofa opposite, the one that is just there because Bruce has a soft spot for discussing stuff in a 'comfortable atmosphere' and Tony hates sitting too close to people.
"I'm stubborn and a terrible liar."
“I –“, began Steve, but was bluntly interrupted by a pretty woman that asked for a dance. God, Tony hated his birthday. Why did he even bother to give a party when everyone was just flirting with his boyfriend? “Tony you’ve got pretty bad timing. Let me just-“ He tried to politely decline the woman’s offer and she looked like she was about to start crying. She couldn’t be older than 20, but Tony couldn’t bring himself to feel sorry for her.
In all honesty, Steve knew exactly where he was going. There was a little bit of pride in him, that he at least been in one of these things before. And can remember how to leave one. But it also left him nostalgic of that time. It instantly reminded him of the war. Of Peggy.
All in all, Steve was slowly falling in love with the place, and this was just the left side of the house. The three other floors not even coming to mind just yet.
Truthfully, since those few days she was home, after her scrimmage with Modok. Kamala hasn't even spoken to her father. To busy with 'Avengers' business and her introduction to Kate Bishop and Clint Barton. Both are formally known as Hawkeye.
Tony raised his hand in acknowledgment. "I know that, Steve. Just... not right now, please. Let's just find you a house first, and then we can talk about it. I mean, I didn't know it was affecting you still. But you and I,
His eyes fell upon the board again, and he now looked to the words: Scotland, England. He knew where they were, that they were at least okay. Maybe he could convince them to come back. To try and forget the petty bullshit of last year’s event in Germany.
"Both. I would appreciate it so." Tony moved one of his hands to the back of Steve's neck.
"It's okay, Tony. Don't worry about it." Steve stated calmly, "Remember, we talked about it. We discussed it, and we came up with our solutions. If you want to make little quips with what happened. I'm okay with that, honestly.".
“So... Happy, what do you do?” Steve questioned politely.
"You still never answered my question." She states with a smirk. Surprisingly he didn't have a answer. She looked at him smugly, patted his back, and walked off. "Good work Rogers." He mumbles to himself.
Sam and her lifted the soldier and quickly ran to the doors. Meanwhile, the energy blasts now began to rip the building apart. Pulling down metal supports, and breaking the left catwalk. Sending those agents, to their untimely demise.
“Oh. What did you guys do?”
"Hmph, oh um, yes." He responded blankly, "So... are we done here?".
Steve did as he was told, and picked himself up from the glass stained floor. More movement from the hallway.
“Did he ever consider that it wasn’t only just you two out here?!” Nat angrily replied.
The party was being held on the command deck, which held the main war table. All along the railings and ceiling beams, hung strands of garland and decorative lights. With an 'Avengers' styled Christmas tree, or should I say trees, around the upper walkway.
“Fine! I'm taking this!" He shouted.
"You're pretty close there." Steve
His face was looking straight, while his eyes were continually looking up, cautiously. Kamala now fixed her gaze back, to the trio. Was it them that he was staring at? Most likely, but it was the 'who' that left Kamala more confused.
Please comment down below what you thought of the story. And don’t forget to leave a kudos as well!
"Too late!". Now both men were holding their stomachs in hilarity.
Half the population, gone in a flash. The families, the children, the animals, any sign of life, turning into dust.
"Oh?" Tony crossed his arms, "Where are we going then?".
And so, the duo headed into the woodland, beyond the shelter, and waited for anything to hopefully pick them up. Well, maybe not everything.
I mostly created this chapter, for their relationship. And plus, we didn’t get to see much of it in Endgame.
Here it is. The final chapter! I’m so filled with anguish right now. It’s done, it’s finished! But we’re in the Endgame now.
The music began to play, and off the dancers went. With a soldier and a philanthropist leading them all in a standard waltz.
The sound of her name still made the soldier shiver a little in guilt.
Steve sighed but agreed. Nat relented and went to find Fury, to discuss about their next mission. For the first time in his life, Steve didn't want to be honest. He knew it could a ruin a relationship, a friendship with Pepper, and a somewhat relationship with Tony. Again, the latter being the lesser one to worry about.
(See the end of the chapter for
That evening, when Steve was driving down to Rhode Island, he called the two to see if his assumptions were true. And as it turns out they were. Needless to say, Sam & Bucky got an earful, that night.
is.” She added.
"Steve... wait!".
Looking into the brunette's eyes, he could see them start to glisten. Along with viewing his face becoming a shade of pink. The soldier felt immediately regretful, in that he already completely ruined the experience.
"Oh no, I was just remembering a certain talk with my mom.".
And as she watched him, when he would make a mess; he would instantly clean it up. And if the flour box was facing up, he would face it up. Not caring that he would have to continually do it.
The young woman wore a shamrock dress with a bedazzled lightning bolt on the front. A green layer of see-through fabric covered her arms, and neck, ending at her wrists and collarbone. Her hair was done in the style of half up half down, and a simple red veil was wrapped around her back and hung along her arms.
While Steve turned around, ready to open his car door, Tony grabbed the handle first. "Jesus Tony, what are you doing?! What the hell do you want from me?!".
Steve. Steven Grant Rogers was his full name. But generally, his friends always called him, simply, Steve. This is who took up most of the bed currently. And who, now stirred a little, until eventually waking up altogether.
?!" Ziggy inquired viciously.
After a few more minutes of slow, soft thrusts, Tony was no longer wincing. 'The pain must've subsided' Steve thought. A new sound came from the philanthropist's lips, while also blissfully filling Steve's ears.
The brunet was still, lying on his stomach, with his hands resting above him. His face was barely visible as it was blocked by the fluffiest pillow Steve's ever seen in a hotel.
"Look, man, we know you two were good friends. And it was loss, with what happened. But the fact that your speaking about him is progress." Sam acknowledged.
"Well isn't this just a shit show?!" Tony exclaimed.
Tony hated being over-protective. But in times like this, anything can happen. He just wanted his kids to be happy, yet still safe. The sudden flash of a forgotten childhood memory made the brunette wince in fear and confusion.
He was about to tell her his situation, but the comfort that she truly tried to show was not rubbing off on Tony. His body or really his mind, suddenly began waging war inside him, to not say anything. He was confused at first, until it hit him why. It never dawned on Tony that he never really felt comforted by Pepper. You could say that before, near his Iron Man beginnings, that he felt it. But lately, it just wasn't there as it once was. I guess this would be the 3rd oddest occurrence of the day. Tony began to breathe heavily. He wanted to tell her that he didn't feel comfortable at all, but couldn't.
Which is true. Natasha knew where her friend could be heading. And why he was heading there in the first place. But didn’t want Bruce on this piece of information, as they had other problems to deal with. Like his eventual absence from the Avengers Compound.
Likewise, a lot of the broken bed frames, the rocking chair, and a couple of boxes filled with random junk he found in the basement, filled up the entire room.
"You rubbed your hand down my back." Steve expressed.
"You are." Ziggy looked at him as if she stated a fact.
Wright and the officer next to him, looked at Steve with eyes of terror and resentment. Steve and Tony were taken aback by this.
His mind raced for a memory. Or, any explanation for why they have it, and of all places, down here. Especially one that doesn't like to be touched. Like Tony's heard that one before.
"May I show you two the upstairs now?" Richard asked.
"Do you have any plans for Christmas?"
The group laughed in response. Yet another question made then snicker even more.
The four-legged canine got closer to him and gave him some affectionate licks for good measure. Steve just laughed it off before looking back out to the river once more. No trace of it.
He just stared at Steve, a bit baffled, but yet no words left his lips. It wasn't because he misunderstood what Steve was meaning. The soldier told him that he would have sex with him if it was for one night.
"I'm sorry, that was... unnecessary. I'm just really worried is all. Don't ask me why, I don't really know either. Maybe your finally rubbing off on me." Steve apologized.
Yet one memory, in particular, flew into his mind. Almost like a locked up secret finally being set free to roam once again. And it hit Tony hard. The kiss the two men shared. That silly, stupid, little kiss that Steve comfortably placed on Tony's lips.
"Look at me, Steve!" The blonde steadily brought his eyes to Tony's, "What have I told you?! What happened on A-day, and damn near everything afterward, is everyone's fault. I didn't have to cut off everyone I knew! We are all responsible for our actions.".
His hand slid down the warm, chiseled stomach. Eventually looking upward, only to see the tip of his husband's chin. Scruffy looking, and sharp.
"Okay, I don't like the house," Steve admitted.
I swear, if the gazes these two men took today were water, they'd be able to fill up a damn 50 foot tank.
"Well thank god, you talked to me. 'Cause he would've made me kick you out, yesterday." Steve smiled at Pepper's comment.
He didn't even wait for Tony's response. He just threw himself up and was running his hands through his now disheveled hair.
"Yeah. Only because I've also heard the story before. And I've made my theories throughout." Tony admitted.
The chilly air that was still creeping through the vents, was combated with the warm nature resonating from their kiss.
He sighed disappointingly, as he really wanted to try some of the drinks at the bar, before the rest of the Avengers arrived. But, he swallowed his misfortunes and the trio dismantled to the exit, with Steve following behind.
“I guess we’re going on a road trip.”.
However the sheer weight of pain in Tony's heart, from their altercation, was surely becoming ever so present.
But regretted it, as the two men shot their weapons toward her in response. She flipped upward, dodging the energy blasts. More blasts sent her toward the crowds. She needed to get the civilians away. So she ushered the people away from the crazed men.
"Well, sadly my friend, we're in the same boat. Most of my houses were either handed down to me or I built them. So I don't think I'd be that much of help.
In their disagreement, both sides would add new recruitments to the Avengers. Scott Lang: Ant-Man, Peter Parker: Spider-Man, Wanda Maximoff: Scarlet Witch, and lastly, Vision. All of which, were not left out of the division.
“You should get me one, Steven,” Thor threw one massive arm around his shoulder as he started putting the eggs and flour out on the kitchen island for pancakes.
He started with a movie called Becket, simply because the actor on the cover reminded him of a certain someone with a goatee.
He’s too old, seen too much and what he hasn’t seen, he’s run probabilities for, covered all bases. Well, almost.
“Now, was that so hard?”
“We talked about this, Sweetheart. No words. Just me. You don’t get to say anything tonight, that’s not your place. Color?”
When he reaches his couch and starts nudging the envelope open, he feels the elephant wriggle and realizes that it may want to walk around. He sets the tiny bot on the floor and it continues its meandering, exploring and poking at different table corners and patterns in the carpet.
Hears something whispered out in a plaintive breath.
“Color?”
And furious.
Swift fingers begin an impersonal trip, brushing away his hair, tilting his face this way and that.
There goes that tune again.
It's easier to see him as a symbol. Infallible. Upright. An
“I'm not
“Sir -”
Has the
Steve can hear the mirth in his voice as he replies, “Certainly, Captain. With pleasure.”
Sometime between the war at home and the war up there and the war inside, Steve came home.
“I was thinking. If you think it's alright,” Steve’s voice is a fragile thing.
It was amazing how fast he could get back into the habit of drawing again and he started doing black and white observational studies of things around Manhattan. His romps through Brooklyn and the charming old buildings that were still standing also for their day in the sun. To his pleasant surprise, his fingers started reaching for more and more colors as the months wore on.
Which had held a t-shirt with miniature Avengers printed on it. Upon some googling though, Steve was taken aback to learn it was an out of stock Uniqlo design from Japan.
He hands him a pair of small cymbals as he enters his vision again. Watches him run his fingers over the bright, bright gold of the discs, soft tinks piercing the deafening silence dancing between them.
Tony runs his fingers through Steve’s hair and tugs a little, ruffles it, brings down his lips to kiss his forehead
“I'm sorry I left, Tony. I didn't think I deserved to come back,” pauses at Tony's stricken look.
No. He had work to do.
It’s saltier, the texture scraping his tongue dry, strangely heavy in his mouth, a muzzle impeding words that suddenly want to spill, usually so absent.
He opened it, more curious than anything and found it filled with the finest art supplies.
Pores over files Rhodey’s pulled in some favors for.
for. The pendant with his beloved’s name on it shining bright.
This isn’t a happy story and each day he tells himself it’s okay, that it’s going to be fine, an internal litany of “
Then his boy comes back.
Life comes in bits and pieces, salvaged here and there, bits and pieces of people who stay and leave, it’s “I might need it later, I might fix it someday, he might come back one-”
And then it blinks.
“That’s what you’re thinking about?”
The sudden slap stings.
Steve comes pliant.
Then it had been a collection of art books and DVDs. He now switched his secret admirer to Bruce, who was always recommending him things to step out of his usual history, military strategy and science fiction bubbles.
Scrubs at his tears with the rough ribbon and taps his mouth again.
“J,” he says, grinning and looking up. “Please call Tony.”
Steve nods again, lips moving on auto-pilot, mouthing at the ribbon, his lace collar catching at his throat as he swallows, sweat slowly seeping in and painting his vision burgundy.
need to make sure-”
He’s not granted words tonight.
“Green, Sir,” he rasps out from under Tony's hand.
again.
Tony unbuttons his coat, loosens his tie, shrugs open the top button, ignores the vest, every act a deliberate meditation.
Looks like he never left the war, raring to start a dozen more, his face gaunt, his hair darker, looking like a stranger, the beard-
He sketched Thor’s easy smile, Bruce’s ornate meals of  the most wondrous foods from around the world, Nat’s ballet boots, Clint perched in really high places and of course, Tony’s armor and very often, his smiles.
cathartic.
He keeps busy, building and rebuilding his armors, weapons for his team-
He’s nervous.
Checking and double-checking his Steve’s safe, solid, here.
happen as he dies.
“We’ll need to talk limits and what I can do. And there will be lots of aftercare. Because
He's a loose tangle of feelings, more a ball of yarn than Gordian knots. He fingers the blue lace around his neck, lifting up one end against the low light.
Tony's thumb stops drawing its lazy arcs on Steve's thigh.
Sturdy, dark walnut wood. Real. More real than anything in this new world had appeared to him.
“Open,” Tony tips his head forward slightly. Taps his lips. Doesn't wait for him to obey.
Tony tightens his hold around Steve's waist, feeling the sweat-slicked skin cool under his fingertips.
He’s hyper-aware of his beard, the new lines he's accrued, the sharper cut of his cheekbones from one too many nights starving with Sam and Natasha, holding Sam through his own night terrors-
“J, any hints for who sent this?”
I’m sorry-”
“I know, Sweetheart. I’m getting there too.”
“You’re so nervous, Captain. Nervous and sad. Why so glum? You’re cutting the rug with the finest the universe has to offer”. Tony’s all easy charm and panache, same as ever.
“It’s just-”
Got every last
He knee-walks Steve forward and settles on the couch, his grip still buried in his hair, till he's resting in between the vee of his knees.
So you don't stop
. It should be a piece of cake.
Steve picks up the small suitcase and Mjolnir and heads out.
A thumb pushes and dips into his lips, pressing his tongue down. Tony cants his head up and peers in. His face is a mask he doesn't want.
The anger that comes from fundamental betrayals, that can’t be settled, because it's a violation.
He pulls out a ribbon secreted away under his vest with his other hand, warmed above his heart. Scrunches up the snow-white organza in his fingers, lets it brush up his beard. Shows it off in front of his eyes.
“I’ll watch you, give directions,” levity masking the low-grade existential terror that’s a constant tinge around all his thoughts these days.
Then his exiled idiot’s blowing back into town, guns blazing, fugitive posse in tow, yeah.
He picks the tiny thing up and gives it a cuddle as he walks back to the couch, trying to open the envelope.
Tony drops a kiss down on his hair, giving his shoulder a squeeze.
A warning squeeze to his chin interrupts him, knowing.
Somewhere in-between the start and the middle, Steve stopped being Cap and became
decided you’ve given me enough.”
“White like your lies of omission,” Tony says lightly, as he nudges his head back again.
Steve's breath catches audibly as Tony tightens his grip on his waist, blunt nails digging in.
Tony settles behind him, taking his left hand, worrying the web between his thumb and pointer, dragging a warm metal clip, opening and closing it, letting it catch in his skin and tug.
Tony combs back a few stray strands of hair that have shaken loose, a gentle hand cupping the cheek that's stopped throbbing.
,” Steve recovers. “Till you kissed me outside the conference room-” another pause. “I didn't think you'd ever want me back.”
“Jarvis, who sent this?”
Hands roaming all over, touching him, taking stock of the damage to his uniform, once a life-affirming ritual, now a fresh new hell.
But they didn't see him- they didn't see him bleed, broken, swimming in his hospital gown, drugged up so badly under Technicolor bruises.
removed-
Steve shrugged it off, though a bit hurt, and made sure a few extra pancakes landed on Clint’s plate, which he polished off in minutes before ambling around for more, like a large hungry bird.
Steve preens at the affection in those words, the unexpected benevolence twisting him up and turning him inside out.
“Oh, you’ll be detailing my cars for years, Sweetheart. Possibly naked with a sponge taped to your tits or the gag in your mouth,” he says, reaching around, giving his nub a twist.
suits. His hair’s perfectly styled, goatee back to its razor-sharp edges, not a grey hair in sight.
Tony’s twisted off the clamp from his top lip. The gold one with the rubies and blunt teeth. It's like a searing brand, one sharp point of pain.
When Steve had worn the shirt, which of course was a nice smedium and stepped out into the common area late one morning, Clint had met him with a wolf-whistle.
Besides the high standards, his parenting skills weren't anything but a low average. Constantly leaving on business trips, never taking an actual interest in his only son's life, and urged his son to become the new CEO of a company that drove his father to alcoholism. But for the cherry on top, he'd never physically told his son that he loved him, or even liked for that matter.
“Yea, he’s back there. ‘Reading’.” Sam quipped.
The more he thought about it, the more he realized how Bruce & Tony were right. Steve's a prisoner here. Constantly being reminded of what he's lost over the years; who he's lost, and at what cost it had on him, and who he was.
Tony laughed hard at his comment, along with Clint and Bruce backing him up. Nat would glare at Tony, but changed it when she looked at Steve with a slight bit of concern. Thor was just as confused as Steve was.
Steve's passionate expression now turned somber. He wanted Tony to be honest. But if he wasn't ready to express it, then there isn't a need to continually pry.
“I guess we are. Hope your up for a run. Just know I’m always-” Steve quipped before Sam interrupted.
Once the words flopped out of his mouth, Tony instantly regretted them. Now Steve was the one snickering. Except his was like a kid hearing a bad word.
"Yea, but I mean we can't really call him on it though." Sam began, "Seriously Nat, I think it's because of Stark."
Steve just stared into Tony's comforting eyes. I guess he started to feel that 'schoolgirl crush' as his heart, for the first time in 70 years, fluttered. Unbeknownst to the men, Nat was watching their eye fucking situation, and grew bored with it.
Did he have a nightmare? That must've been it. His hands were clammy, and his face was drenched with sweat. Strangely though, Tony couldn't remember it now. God, how he hated these types of dreams!
It was around Christmas time. Tony was heading to the tower to visit before the holidays. As, the tower had just finished construction, and the Avengers had just moved in. He and Pepper hadn’t broken up yet, Wanda was still in Sokovia, the accords hadn't existed, Peter was still alive, and Thanos was still years away from Earth.
"Oh? I'm sorry about that, Mr. Rogers." Peter's smile faded.
Whatever the situation was, Steve didn't want to think about it too much. His eyelids began to feel heavy and started to droop.
He truly lost a lot of trust for Steve. Yet that small part of his heart, that Steve clung to, was aching. Aching for his comfort again. And it was that revelation alone, that he decided to finally speak.
She realized that Steve must've kept those pink lips of his quiet. It wasn't really a bad thing. He probably thought Tony was going to have another bitch fit like he did the other night. And we all know Steve's way of comfort is particularly not ideal at this point.
Steve was about to answer, but Natasha finally interjected herself into their conversation. "I've already got that covered.".
Tony chuckled. "There's always something troubling you, Steve.".
“Did you have feelings for him?” Sam asked cautiously.
As when she'd make her return, she used to offer it to the boys. Who would politely decline as they wanted to take the hit for the team. Which of course, was responded with her comment, "You guys are seriously dumb! Like for real?!".
"Alright." Pepper gave him a go to hell look, and simply kept quiet. She knew when Tony was going to go into a sermon. Yet she honestly couldn't wait to hear it. Thor and Maria finally appeared, as Tony finally began his lecture.
It felt beautiful to behold such a sight. It's golden bands illuminating parts of his bedroom. Yet, that wasn't the only thing that amazed the man. For the first time, Tony actually had a fantastic, sleepless, night. In the 40 years he's lived, he's never slept so peacefully. And awakening to a sight like this. It actually shocked him, to an extent.
“No judgment here. But if you’re that smitten then why don’t you… you know… shoot your shot?” Bucky smirked mischievously, “I mean I’d hurry up. ‘Cause I’m pretty sure you only have a few good years left in ya’ Steve—”.
The first thing Steve noticed about him, was his eyes. Those brown, yet sometimes slightly green in the sunlight, eyes. Then he moved away to Tony's entire face. No emotion, just a simple expression of shock.
He thought.
“If I’m overstepping I don’t need to know then.” She stated quickly, with an almost sense of urgency in her voice.
"Could you give us a minute Pepper?" Nat asked softly. Pepper nodded and went down to Agent Hill, to hear about her breakfast fiasco. Nat pulled him to a corner, and slapped the back of his head.
"We have a problem." He stated softly.
“I mean, that he’s not thinking about the longevity of your guy’s plan. Just because he wants to take you away from me and Steve doesn’t mean, your guy’s problem will end, at all.”
"I- We understand that, Steve. But did you forget that I'm a billionaire. I could easily help you with that." Tony noted.
“Yeah, I’m sure you do. But uh... cap do you not remember that you took a power nap for 100 years, and it’s probably completely different from what you remember?!” Sam complained.
Tony looked at him again and when they both weren't saying anything he spoke up, "What's going on with you, Rogers? You seem, well not to be dramatic, but you seem like you're ready to jump out that window?".
He laughed and squatted down to pet the little bastard. The dog looked unharmed and seemed perfectly fine. This made Steve question if he was just hearing things.
"Ahem... uhh... Hey, Tony." Steve babbled.
Steve faked another smile, "I'm okay, Tony. I'm just having an off day.".
Steve would not get to hear of Bruce's decision. As something else was on his mind, today. Something that had been bugging him since before Thanos. Before, the issue with Hydra in Scotland.
"Okay." Steve might as well have whispered it, as the three of them leaned forward.
“That’s not the same! I didn’t try to kill myself!” Tony sounded too defensive, he knew that.
In his arms, Tony goes stiff as a plank.
Tony just smiled. “I’ve overreacted, haven’t I?”
"Oh," Tony says. "Good. But then why…"
“Fury won’t make you retire, you are too good. You save lives, Tony. That’s what counts, not your birth certificate.”
"Of course I'd marry you, what kind of ridiculous question-" Before Tony can finish his sentence there are lips on his and Steve is kissing him like his life depends on it. It lasts only a second before Steve pulls back and starts to wipe at his face and oh God, he's crying.
“What is this about Tony?”, Steve asked when they were out of earshot. “I know I promised you amazing birthday sex, but the party just started. We can’t sneak out yet.”
“You are crying,” Steve says and kisses his cheek softly on the spot where the tear is. “There is nothing to cry about, Tony.”
Tony doesn’t know if he is supposed to answer that, but it isn’t a question so he just waits because he doesn’t know what else to do. At some point Steve has to leave, he can’t stay down here forever and even if he tries – Tony has gone far longer than a few days without food and sleep.
“You love him?” Bucky asks and Steve can hear the barely contained frustration in his voice.
Tony blushes, not just a bit, but his face actually goes pink. Steve has never seen Tony blush before. It looks good on him. "What?"
“What do you mean you won’t- Steve, you just said you’re falling in love with the guy.”
“It’s not just that, Steve,” Tony said, desperate for Steve to understand. “You are young! You’ve got time that I haven’t.”
“So what? You just got tired of me? Realised that I’m boring after all? Four years Tony! And this is all I get?” There were a lot of people looking at them now and Tony shouldn’t have done it here, he knew that now, but he hadn’t expected Steve to react so strongly. He thought it would be easier. He had been so wrong. “We-“, Steve ran his hands through his carefully styled hair. “You know what? No! Not like that, Tony. We are going home now and we are going to sit down and talk about this. There is nothing we can’t fix!” Steve sounded so desperate, so sad and it broke Tony’s, heart. He should have done this weeks ago. But here he was and he fucked up. He fucked up like he always did.
"I don't think, I can," Steve says and while he's desperately trying to find a good way of saying
Tony stares at him, seemingly completely perplexed and only half awake. He hasn't had his coffee yet, obviously. "What?"
“I’m not saying anything to him,” Steve says but he knows the moment the words leave his lips that they’re a lie.
"Okay," Tony says slowly and then he looks directly into Steve's eyes for the first time since he entered the room. "Just imagine for a second, that you're not perfect. You're just a regular guy, okay? And now just imagine you're living with someone who is perfect. The pinnacle of human evolution." Tony laughs nervously. "And that person, he expects everyone to be just as perfect as himself. Not consciously, but-" Tony stops. "Okay, you don't get it, do you?"
“Don’t do anything like that ever again.” Tony swallows hard, the weird knot in his throat is back. Steve kissed him. That doesn’t mean that he thinks that Tony is a good person. That Tony is good enough. Loving someone doesn’t magically make your sins disappear, sometimes Tony forgets that. It’s dangerous to forget that stuff, he knows that. That’s what he did the first time, with Pepper and everyone knows how that one ended.
"I just can't sometimes, Steve. Okay?" Tony finally says, looking miserable. One look at him and Steve knows that Tony doesn't want him to ask questions but
“I like you a lot actually,” Tony says because he can’t lie when Steve looks at him like that. “Maybe a bit too much,” he adds and looks down at the floor. “But it’s alright I get it. No more sacrifice plays, I promise.” It’s a lie. If it’s going to happen again, and it will happen again, they are Avengers, after all, Tony will do it again. Because it doesn’t matter if Steve wants to be saved or if he hates Tony, if he is so disgusted by the thought of Tony dying for him that, he’d rather just die himself because Steve doesn’t get to decide who loves him. That has always been Tony’s favourite thing about love. Nobody can make you stop loving them. This is his, no one can take it away from him. If he wants to give up everything for Steve then he can and Steve doesn’t have the power to stop him.
“I’m sorry,” Tony says and Steve just gets it.
"Yes?" Steve asks.
"I'd marry you in a heartbeat," Tony interrupts. "Steve, why in the world do you think I don't want to marry you?"
“Can you promise me something?" Steve asks and kisses another tear away from his cheek.
"So, it's just me I guess. Great." He doesn't sound like he thinks it is the least bit great. "Let's make this quick, I have a lot to do and this should all be fairly obvious. We both know that SHIELD can't have the suit. It's mine and I'm not handing it over to anyone. If you kick me off the team, Iron Man is off too."
“You are going to mess up, Tony! We are both going to mess up, but that’s okay. We’re going to learn from our mistakes and do it better the next time it happens. Everyone messes up at first.”
"It’s on Bell Street, I believe.".
He drove away from his apartment, with one thing on his mind. And where that one thing was. With that one thing going by one name: Tony Stark.
"Oh-uh, Yes. I was just thinking about some things." Tony felt a slight smile quickly arrive, and leave, his face as his eyes went back to the window.
All the way from their night out at his home in Brooklyn, to their altercation in Germany. Oh, how he hated that day. It made him feel sick to his stomach, every single time he would see Tony’s shocked and betrayed face.
He shifts onto his back, laying a hand on his bare stomach. "What was it? A family sittin' on the American flag.".
Steve stayed there for a moment and took a few more long breaths. He needed that conversation. If not for himself but for Tony and their relationship.
The family had also used that time to hang up some leftover Christmas decorations. Much to the children's amusement. Even though, it may have been mid-December. "A little late to be getting ready for festivities," One of them expressed.
"Tony, you are an utterly unbelievable man. How in the hell did we get here?" The super-soldier couldn't believe what he was doing, or really getting ready to do.
"Have you really lost your mind since I last saw you?".
Before he could dwell too deeply on these thoughts of self- disgust. The day that Steve finally saw a light at the end of the tunnel. Clint had seemed a bit more eager to him when he spoke to the archer that morning.
For Wanda, it was Steve. Yes they came out together, yes they agreed on terms, but he certainly wasn't babysitting them. It almost seemed to others, as if he could've cared less about what happened to them. But that wasn't Steve.
Tony smirked, but still was wondering why the super-soldier was standing on his front porch, at 7:00 o’clock in the evening.
"Tony I'm going to need you stop walking around and look at me." Steve insisted once more.
The philanthropist finally gave up, huffing in annoyance, "Your no fun, you know that!".
"I'm beating myself up over shit that shouldn't matter anymore." Steve had the balls to look Tony in his eyes this time.
"Then what, Tony! Please, that's why I came out here! What can I do to make you feel better?". Steve's tone suddenly grew with remorse and compassion. His face gave a caring look until he saw Tony's. Which just read: rage.
Once in the doorway, he had a gun to a little kid's head, with the mother and her baby cowering in the kitchen. Natasha was about to protest, but the man hit the gun to the back of the kid's head. "No!" She screamed, before following the man into one of the bedrooms.
Kamala softly giggled to herself as she observed her two pseudo-fathers. The mere thought of calling them dads making her feel warm and safe. Maybe even a bit comforted.
Pepper still in her thoughts, did not hear her husband's shouts at her until the like 4th or 5th call.
"Oh...well, as a kid, before I'd go to bed. I use to love looking out to the stars. It use to give fuel to my dreams. All those stars, sitting in a vast and endless space. It truly is just a childhood memory of mine, that I like to continue. And the bridge, has a nice view of it." He said whilst scratching his head, and pointing down the corridor.
That's another thing he could go on and on about. The love he has for one super-soldier. How they got together is beyond him, yet he's so happy that they did. Everything about him made Tony's cheeks blush, and his stomach do somersaults.
The only limestone part of the home was the fireplace in this room. In which, the philanthropist was gazing at. Looking to the burnt embers sitting before him. The fire that burned last night still showing signs of life.
A small port town, right outside of Scotland. It was a cute little thing. Some small shops, a leisure center, a museum, and a huge bay. It was a beautiful town, nonetheless. Honestly, Steve would consider resting here for the remainder of their exile, if you know, it wasn’t running a black market with hydra weapons.
His feet galvanized him, as he rummaged through the empty drawers, finding nothing at all. “Son of a bitch! We have to head further inside!” Sam stated aggravatingly.
Tony realized that he was still naked, in Steve's bed. Normally, he would've already been heading for the showers, got dressed, and in the lab working on repulsers.
Steve was shocked, to say the least. He hadn't seen the three of them since Tony was in the hospital. The soldier beamed with excitement and hugged the idiots as if it had been 10 years instead of 10 months.
"Oh! See he knew, what, I was saying. He just didn't understand, what I meant." Steve looked to his companion, who gave him a 'You're stupid' look.
"How could you kiss me? A-after w-what I've done to you?!" Steve blurted.
“Staring.” Tony let a mischievous smile appear on his face.
"Good? That's it, Cap?" Tony doubted, "I mean do you have a girlfriend? Or better yet have you at least lost that card?" He pointed to Steve's crotch, making the soldier blush with embarrassment.
"Well thank you Stark."
“Tony and Steve have always had this rocky type of relationship since before you guys joined. Argued, and fought like a damn old married couple. Yet that wasn’t the only weird thing to happen to them.” Nat continued, “Hell, there was this time that these two had a situation that eventually rode itself out. But I guess to them, it was still on their minds.”
A few hours had passed and the sun was already setting on the horizon. The sky turning that gorgeous orangish-pink color that Steve always adored.
"Do you want to talk about it?"
Steve, lost in his subconscious, had completely forgotten that he was on the phone, and wasn't alone in the room. Sam just waited for Steve to tell him what was going on. Or why he was just staring out into space.
The heartwarming memory that showed itself to Steve suddenly withered, and faded into the haunting reality of the present.
"Well, for starters, Mr. Savior of the Universe over here won't shut up about what he got for Morgan last Christmas," Clint stated nonchalantly.
The super-soldier did apologize, the next morning, to not only Tommy but to Ziggy as well. Saying that he shouldn't have shouted like he did. The two, of course, forgave him and that was that. Things just went back to normal, and everyone seemed happy again.
Tony sighed.
The men considered Steve’s mandatory request after the realization that it was past midnight. And driving across states, let alone finding a hotel at this hour was going to be too much work. Especially since the guys were absolutely exhausted, even Bucky.
That night, Bruce drove her to the Avengers tower. Where Cho and Fury hooked her up to the machine. Bruce would supervise her actions, day and night. Hoping that no brain damage was missed. As it still was in early development. They would not practice for another month, as Bruce couldn't shake away his emotions of almost losing her again. And on this night, they were back, and strong.
It astounded Pepper. Everything in their vicinity was either cleaned or organized. I mean, Tony usually helped with chores. But, he did all of this himself. And it kind of worried Pepper. She knew Tony had to've been up for a long time, in order for their house to look utterly amazing.
"May I ask what it was about? You look a little shaken up right now."
"I've got it." She alluded.
A few hours passed and the trio were already out of the apartment, bearing no mention of Natasha's retelling of past events, and were sitting quietly at an outside café table. The café sat in the center of a little village, where the before-mentioned Farmer's Market was currently being held.
"So, What do we do now?" Steve asked.
Steve began to fidget with his hand and scratch his head vigorously in aggravation. He looked to Tony, and could see him begin to fall apart.
As the Avengers lie fractionated across the globe/universe. Wanda and Vision, that had joined the original six, before the accords, would become the glue to bring them back together. With the two of them seeming to be hitting it off.
Kamala shook her head, with no answer following. Steve looked to the others. Nothing but mildly confused faces, all lost in thought. Except, Tony.
"You just had to make it awkward didn't you?" Steve quipped.
Steve never would've believed that too much silence can actually be this annoying! He cleared his throat, and sighed in exasperation. He wasn't getting through with Tony, so he needed to step it up. If Steve Rogers wasn’t getting through, then maybe Captain America would. And so he went with that ideal/plan in mind. Which consisted of running up to Tony, grabbing his forearm, and insisting that he tell him what in the world is wrong with him.
"So you were going to keep this from me?!" Pepper griped.
"Banner... Banner... Are you alright? Do you need a lullaby?" Nat teased.
Thankfully, it misfired. Or what she thought was a misfire. She could hear cries and weeps just a few feet from here. It was Steve, holding a non-responsive Tony in his arms. The clear indication of a massive-sized hole near his arc reactor. And the horrifying realization that it was no longer illuminated.
"Shut up, Jerk!".
from Brooklyn. Seriously, you can ask me anything.".
Sam chuckled a little before continuing with, “Uh-huh, yeah.”.
Then, Tony gave way, and let out a breath. He slumped his head forward, following the breath, and brought it back up quickly.
"That depends on if you're willing to sell me 20% of it.".
He got up from the table, ready to ask Tony about his plan. But Tony was already with Bruce, heading down to the science lab. Steve suddenly grew fatigue. I guess yesterday's events were finally catching up to him. But the utter thought of leaving New York in the state that it is, was deafening.
And so, against his judgement, he knocked on the glass. Tony slightly jumped, as it caught him off guard. He saw it was Steve and made an obvious reaction of 'why!'. He clicked a button, and the door swung open.
He took her invitation and snuggled her in a comforting embrace. The other taking a hand off the wooden spoon, and set it gently on his face, while also gazing her eyes upon his.
And speaking of the Avengers, have the Starks even contacted them since, Thanos. And the answer is: yes. Pepper being the bridge between them and Tony. To which, she wasn’t a fan of. But still felt okay with informing them of their lives.
Tony could barely see the soldier from the other side of the tinted glass. Yet, as he pulled the door opened and could see him again. Naked, and wet, this time. The brunette couldn't help but mischievously smile.
She gave the world the Avengers back. She did that! How could Kamala not feel proud of herself for that?! It was the fatherly approval and support that was weighing her down.
“Wait, why?” Wanda asked.
But before Steve could get a word out, the man twitched, almost convulsed even. His arms grabbing the edges of the table, with a black, fog-like substance emitting from its person. The being itself becoming larger in height and size, with every passing second. Steve sat in utter shock and fear.
He didn't want to seem too hurt by it. Truthfully, because they could've only been gone for a moment.
Yet, every single time he tells Tony this. The brunette always reminds him, that he would never return to fame if Steve wasn't at his side. Not as his teammate, but as his significant other.
It took everything in him, to not give him some comfort right then and there. And that time, the philanthropist wasn’t tied down to a relationship. But he couldn’t. Tony was too hurt for anything.
The first thing Steve notices is the foyer. It separates the house down the middle, the living room on one side and the kitchen/laundry room on the other. All the bedrooms and bathrooms seemingly upstairs with the garage connected through the laundry room. So the layout seemed simple enough.
Albeit, he'd have to gather some new shudders for those windows. Which is where the other two knuckleheads were at now. Driving up and down roads to find businesses that sell window shudders for barns. Peter insisted that he'd drive since he wanted some practice. But Steve refused, saying that Peter was still too young to drive. He may have been blipped for 5 years, but he didn't age at all. So he was still at the ripe age of 17. He also didn't have a license either, which was the true reason why Steve said no.
It honestly had seen better days. The table's chairs were either broken, or completely unusable. The actual table had lost one of its legs, so it sat with a weird angle. And his mother's chinaware were scattered in pieces, all along the dimly lit room. Any pictures that hung along the walls, were either hanging by a thread, or sat destroyed on the dust-covered floor.
‘They did it. They actually did it.’ Please comment down below what you thought of this scene. And what you believe it could mean for the final chapter.
Suddenly, its left arm was thrown in Steve’s direction. The tattered clothing revealing a hand with the fingers dissolving into solid bones, with pieces of flesh still attached to certain parts. The arm extended towards Steve. The soldier doing everything to move but couldn’t.
Steve's eyes finally met Tony's. His blond hair coming into view, as his face was mere centimeters from Tony's.
It seemed Tony hadn't been down there for a while, as he was instantly hit with an unusual feeling. A feeling of dread. The type of dread that would make your hairs on the back of your neck stand right up.
‘Let’s do this, Tony. Let’s just tell everyone!’
Tony looked at him dumbfounded. He tried to object his ludicrous comment, before Shield's men ordered them all back onto the ship. Tony and Nat wanted to reject, but Steve immediately just walked up to the officers. He was really taking this by heart. They all finally obliged and the ship headed back off the coast. Steve couldn't even look at Tony. He felt too embarrassed as he knew Tony was disappointed in him. But he wasn't. In fact, he was more concerned than anything else. 'I guess it's his turn' Tony thought.
All these frustrations lied in their minds, as the team sat at an outside diner. They at least wanted to fill their stomachs before the upcoming battle. Mostly Steve, who was still cutting his food with some utensils.
Steve looked to the philanthropist and noticed an expression that he hasn't seen on Tony in years:
Steve once again pleaded, with the woman rolling her eyes, and scoffing. It honestly astounded him. He knew from what he's heard from Tony, Nat, Sam, and just literally everyone else, that teenagers were a lot more uncaring and lazy than before. But this was just ridiculous.
Sitting on the kitchen counter, was a nice, big, pepperoni pie. A note sticking on the top, that read: Working Late, Save me a Piece, or no Ned for a week! Love you!
"No. It was just something stupid."
The duo just dashed near the lit building. Steve making it to the front door first. Sam was just a few feet behind the super-soldier when he stumbled into the store. Steve was already talking to the woman behind the counter, who looked utterly annoyed at the fact that she was having to do her job.
Just a week ago, he tried to hold her hand. In which, to his dismay, she swiped it away vigorously. The blonde looked to her ex-lover with eyes of shock. Tony knew he overstepped, and oh how he tried to fix the situation.
She looked to her companion with a fruity expression. Her smile was warm and inviting, which was calming for Vision. Usually this type of smile meant she wanted some comfort.
Ziggy had went in after her, and with Tommy, had pulled little Annie out of the freezing water.
Steve took Tony's last sentence to heart. "It does, Tony. It does.".
And if they had no more strikes they would be sent back to the shelters.
Richard showed both men the three main rooms, while also directing them to the main hallway, to show off one of the downstairs bathrooms. The door next to it being the basement. The two quickly looked into the cobweb-filled stairwell and both looked to each other in mutual understanding. They'd wait for this one till it was time.
Tony pushed his hand away and looked to the soldier a little dumbfounded. “Then what is it?” The response now sounding bitter.
He looked to her in disgust and instantly smiled. The man then, cracked his throat and spit in her face. "Как насчет того, чтобы ты пошёл сам на себя, сука!" He responded disgustingly. Which this roughly translated to 'Go screw yourself, you bitch!'.
(See the end of the chapter for
Another dash upstairs to change clothes was inevitable. So that's where he was when Tony was escorted into the house. Ziggy, showing him the living room, her excitement about the man's presence laced throughout her tone. She was definitely being a lot nicer than before.
was the real Tony Stark showing himself for the first time.
Nevertheless, Steve wipes his tear driven eyes and looked back outside. This time on the other side of the home. Where Bruce was able to salvage some of the time machine left.
Tony stayed in his place, while still trying to figure out what the trio were trying to tell him. A few more minutes passed of gazing and studying, and he felt the defeat wash over him. He felt his head droop as his eyes stared at his feet, deep in thought.
"What does he mean... to leave?" Natasha whispers angrily.
Steve scoffed, before moving his hand from Tony's waist to his own member. The philanthropist seemingly cheesed and situated himself further.
Steve lazily threw some more thrusts out, until subsiding altogether. He opened his eyes and stared at the sweaty mess before him, and realized he was looking at a pillow.
Steve's expression turned from happiness, to utter guilt. Letting each memory of last night, beat him up mercilessly. Steve Rogers, an honorable, honest, and loving man; slept with a married man for his own sexual desire, while not thinking of the consequences it would later cause.
"The call me Happy. And don't worry, He's not in any trouble." He addressed. His obviously tough guy tone pretty much told Steve that this man was not dangerous. He even tried the smoldering death glare which, in his defense, wasn't bad.
"Nat, I'm sorry. Okay, I'm sorry that I couldn't help." Tony stated sorrowful.
So she made do with the time she had. Mostly talking with Maria, and Fury about the devastation. But once the Avengers finally boarded, she went to look for Tony. But he fell out of her line of sight, as the other agents swarmed the team, congratulating them. Letting a few hours pass, she had finally surfaced from her stateroom, and was off to have some time with him.
Vision kept his eyes toward her. Almost like a kid learning a new song. Studying her movements, her choices in vegetables to add, and even when she'd stop to rub her hand along her forehead. He admired it all.
Tony shot a shocked glare to him, and instantly felt his mouth open. He was about to reject, until Peter continued, “Mr. Stark it’s okay. I honestly knew the minute you started talking about him. And the only reason I know, is the way you talk about him, and the way you talk about Pepper, is different.”.
"Why?" This made Steve's face crinkle in confusion. Tony then cleared his throat, "I mean, why is this important to you?".
"But I asked you earlier, and you pretty much ignored me." Steve protested. Tony looked at him a bit baffled. It's the first word he's said in a hot minute. Although his expression changed and he smiled. At least Steve wasn't completely incoherent.
"Over there, in that building!" Bruce yelled as he ran toward the dismantled building. It was Grand Central Station. Now with giant Chitauri fish looking thing, smashed through it's foyer. The cry came again, and the team ran toward it. Nat was the first to find the girl trapped under some rubble. It was combination of metal from the Chitauri, and broken concrete.
Natasha chuckled and walked moderately to the room that Sam and Steve shared. Once there, she could see her companion sitting quietly on his bed. And yes, he was reading. A book she never heard of called: A Tree Grows In Brooklyn.
A noise from inside, made his hand repress back to his side. It was walking, the sound was somebody walking. Was he walking to the door? Did he know that he was here?! Or what if he thinks it's Pepper?
The father however, stared into her soul, hoping her words were lies. That she was making it up, in order for his hatred for the Avengers to stay. He wanted to hate them so much. He wanted to blame them. She had to be lying. But, her eyes weren't, they were truer than ever. His expression finally changed, and the driver finally had released some leftover tears. The glares subsided quickly as they realized there were other people in the car.
She took a few more sips of her coffee. And as she did this, Bruce had entered the lounge area, and smiled timidly at her.
Tony looked back to the soldier, and once again, Steve was at the mercy of Tony's expression.
Once the laughing subsided, the two just looked to the party-goers. It was a strange feeling to see everyone seem so happy. No worries, or issues to deal with. Their lives just always seemed so full of responsibilities and accountability, that they never got to enjoy moments like this. It brings Tony back to a conversation that he had with Steve, before the events of A-day.
Steve still gazed in his defeated manner. Yet, it turned into confusion, when Tony turned around to him, and pointed at him with a concerned look.
"I think we should do what we believe we should do. We could... either run with it, or leave it alone.".
He heads up the first flight of stairs, to the second floor. No lights were on, his only illumination being that of a bay window behind him on the stairway. More rustling sounds are heard.
"Now, give Tina the doll." He commanded.
For the remainder of the next year, the philanthropist's life was slowly heading back to normality. Planning his engagement to Pepper, Peter taking his title as Spider-Man seriously. Everything was alright.
“I don’t know. But staying here ain’t an option.” The super-soldier addressed before he, and Sam, headed back outside.
"Thank You. Now, get that stick out of your ass, and put it somewhere where it will make you happy." The blonde walked back into their bedroom to get dressed.
The next thing Steve remembers is waking in a pool of his sweat. The nightmare now fading completely from his head.
He then turned his attention to the bathroom. The shower was going. Inside the foggy room, he could see his girlfriend's silhouette, behind the curtain, running water through her hair. 'Well I like where this is going.' Tony said amusingly. She didn't answer, she just hummed softly. The silhouette's hands were no longer washing her hair, they were near the curtain. Tony was smirking, ear to ear. He felt himself feel almost completely calm, yet prepared for something.
"Buck should you hit him or should I? I really think Steve is delirious at this point.".
Speaking of Natasha, she would head out with Steve, Sam, Vision, and Wanda, on the run from the government. As they were now international fugitives.
But the side effect to this, was that they would have to leave, almost immediately, once the threat was diminished. No recognition, no praise, no restoring homes, or really anything else left in the destruction.
Each one slowly seemed more confused than the other. But when it got to Tony. He was looking to the super-soldier, as if he knew what he was about to say.
It made Tony smile, but he doesn't answer. The staring continues. Words really couldn't have described the awkwardness of this situation. Steve was astounded by the utter determination that Tony was throwing at him. He really didn't want to talk to him.
Once again he gave the super soldier a smug look, before the two dispersed further into the home. Following each other, the duo came into what seemed like the dining room.
“No, no he didn’t. Because it honestly has felt as if it was us two out here.”.
"I just want him to be honest with me. I want to feel happy when looking back, but I ruined that. I polluted that with my lies. And now Tony's just trying to act like it didn't happen! But at least acknowledging it is the only way for me, and Tony, to gain closure from it all." Steve confided.
"Oh! No, No. I want to keep going. I wanted to ask you though. You know, if you were into that."
Before he could respond, a wave of horrific flashes hit his subconscious. More specifically, his kidnapped days, and that bloody cave from Iraq.
“We checked out his house, over in Brooklyn.” Tony began, “And yet, I felt completely comfortable with him the entire time. I really don’t know why? I just felt safe.”
“It was fun,” Tony replied after a while.
As the last dry heave left his mouth, Steve held his stomach in hopes that was the last of it. A few tiny chunks left in his beard. He sat his head in the bathtub behind him, and braced his knees upon the toilet for support.
Unbeknownst to the super soldier, a certain philanthropist had resurfaced from the bathroom, and sat in his spot. He popped a piece of gum in his mouth, and looked to his companions. Sam and Happy just glared laughingly at him.
The only time they had discussed being seen was for their plan, for Tony. Nat and Sam being the masterminds of said plan, with Steve just kind of tagging along with it. The duo did hope that Tony would catch onto their little 'wink', with these publicity stunts.
Tony was really intrigued at Steve’s fascination with him at this moment. Call him an attention whore, or an ego-maniac, but he really appreciated Steve’s genuine interest. Surprisingly, their distant relationship from before, only seemed to continually grow, as the day went on.
Yet, the soldier still felt the tingling sensation of another man's lips upon his. Although He felt a bit more amused with what happened. He could tell Tony, was a lot more flushed, and doing literal circles to keep his mind off of what happened.
"Yea, Kid she's famous. But we're kind of in a hurry, have you seen them." Maria interjected.
"Alright, Me and Your Boo, Tony, will fly back to Shield to prevent any retaliation from Fury. Just be back here in an hour." Hill announced as she took Pepper and their ship back to Shield.
They crossed to the door, before Tony turned around to face Steve. Setting the plan in motion.
"Cologne?" Steve asked.
Tony just laughed, with Steve chuckling afterward. "It's okay," Tony chuckled, "You're just 'too big' for the couch.".
"Maybe. And if that's the case. Well then, we're basically... screwed." Tony answered.
"Right. Uh, See the thing is, I wanted to... I wanted... Shit, this was a lot more smoother in my head." He choked out in embarrassment.
And just like that, Tony was once again, alone and left in silence. He took some more deep breaths before heading back to the monitor. He brought it up, and worked on some calculations.
The winged-soldier was able to pry open a crate with ease, as he had found a crowbar, coincidentally, on the floor near him. ‘Oh wow! Thank you, Universe!’ He thought smugly. More luck seemed to be on their side, as this crate had some hydra guns inside. He pulled out, at least two, and through them to his injured friend.
"Really?! Why are you saying it like that?! And why does it sound like your being forced to do this?" Steve griped, "I'm not forcing you to do anything. You made that very clear!".
She took a second step, and he growled like a wolf. His fists began to ball up, and his expression was anything but calming. Another step, she raised her voice, and her hand was centimeters from his fists. 'Just a bit closer...' she thought. A final step, towards him made time stand still. Her fingers now sat on his fist. She gave a relief-filled smile, whilst finally ending her tune.
Looking toward some of the restaurants, Natasha could see some other civilians, enjoying a night out on the town. She pointed out to them, getting the attention of Clint and Maria as well. The taxi driver however, next to Maria, just sat quietly with the biggest R.B.F in history. It actually made her feel a bit uncomfortable sitting next to him.
This confused the genius than ever before. If not for the fact that it was glowing a yellow hue, then it would've most likely be that it's floating.
2 Years Later...
"Rogers, you are... not considering this... now!?" Tony uttered. His vocabulary seemingly trying to restore itself. Once he confidently grinned, it gave Steve some ease... some.
"But I gotta ask, why the amazing Captain America is at a home-shelter for kids? I mean, I'm sure it's because you're amazing! But I—"
"I know, I know, it was a kiss run by high emotions, it didn't mean anything," Tony babbled again, "Its okay, no one saw. We can just pretend it didn't happen, even though it did. My god! I think I'm going to need those handcuffs soon?!" Tony joked.
"Yes, what is it?" Her response sounding strangely sorrowful.
"Tony, Tony wait!" He yelled.
She thought.
Finally, he could see it. Tony, The Tony Stark, losing any reality at that moment but Steve. His smile, so bright, so full of love. It made the super-soldier send tears down his face. Tony's soft giggle after Past-Steve pecked his eye on accident, made the soldier look away. But just for a second. It was becoming too much.
Wanda finally felt an idea hit her, eyes wide like a deer, and with a sudden stiff posture, as if she was slapped with a ruler on her back.
"Sorry Tony, your sarcastic remarks aren't going to get a rise out of me tonight." He stated amusingly.
Steve sighed, “I’d... be... alright with that. And like you said, If  ‘that’ ever did happen. It’d have to be when, one, your single, and two, that you're okay with it.” Steve didn’t know why Tony was being so forward with him. Even bringing up the possible issue of sex as well.
Once Thanos left Earth, and left the Avengers broken. Steve was the first to speak. Saying that he didn't know what to do. An odd thing to express after what they just witnessed.
"And I have a brain, and Bruce needs some courage. What else is new?" Steve's quip made Tony almost laugh out loud. But it stalled to a chuckle.
"May I ask where 'Home' is?" Tony protested.
Tony was no longer looking at Steve. Continually pushing his head into the sofa, as he was just... gone. No more thought processes, no more body movements, just simply enjoying what Steve was doing to him. Eventually proceeding to move his hands around Steve's shoulder blades in a wild embrace. Wanting him closer and closer, than he already was.
Looking at the Avengers tower from a distance, was unusually different for Tony, than what most people believe it to be. Seeing it dwindle away by the other skyscrapers, and eventually blocked out of sight, gave him a weird sensation. Strange as the feeling may be, nothing compared to the feeling he was having in this moment.
(See the end of the chapter for
Both men were smiling now. Tony then removed Steve's hand and interlinked their arms. He proceeded to walk with Steve, down to the side of the war table. The brunette put in a password, and the table began lowering itself beneath the flooring.
The fireplace that sat proudly on the adjacent wall, gave Steve flashes to the wintertime and setting logs into the roaring fire.
Steve eventually reached the table Tony was working at, and purposely gazed at him. Hoping that if the silence doesn't bother him, the staring will. And to his surprise, it does. Tony shuts off the monitor, and turns his attention to the other soul in the room. His face obviously reads, his emotion. And yes, it's anything but amused.
"Fine! Just at least tell me why your acting so urgent to meet up?" Wanda persisted.
Tony winced a little at the last of Steve’s statement. He did want to see everyone. But his paranoia antics were getting to him. If only he knew, they would only get worse from here. So he waited a little outside, for most of the guests to leave.
But this was probably his worst royal screw up. He knew that it was futile in trying to stop those trucks at the farmers market. That it was too easy, and efficient, in their escape from the shelter.
"Seriously, Steve. Are you doing okay?" Bruce questioned. His tone calmer than usual.
Steve just smirked, as he loved Tony’s dazed responses. He proceeded to unbuckle his belt, while Tony proceeded to climb onto him, pecking some more sloppy kisses, before helping to throw his shirt off.
Steve thought humorously.
The philanthropist raised his hands in defeat. "Please, after you."
Later that morning, Tony came downstairs to his family sitting in the kitchen nook. All eating some pancakes that Steve had cooked. They weren't black so he guessed Steve's cooking was improving.
"It's alright, Peter. I'm not angry or anything! Far from it, I just want to know who told you?" Steve placed a genuine smile on his face.
"Come on Kamala, I told you that you could call me, Steve." He gave her a warm smile, "I never cared for formalities being said by friends."
She was wet, muddy, pale, and her lips were purple. Steve instantly knew that her airway was locked somehow. That’s when Jenny spoke up and said that Annie had fell into the river and wasn’t swimming to the surface.
Being quiet about certain, sensitive, subjects was one of the many flaws of Peter Parker. And apparently being obedient too, as he was back with the prying questions again, once Happy turned down a street leading back into downtown Manhattan.
Another curse word fell from Sam’s lips, with Steve following with one of his own. The two just looked around and tried to find any signs of a vehicle nearby. Nope. I guess their luck ran all out.
"Did Steve ever tell you what happened with him and Tony, a few years back?" Natasha asked. She didn't want to tell Sam. But she and Clint were really the only ones who knew of what happened. And it seriously was eating her up that she was, now, the only one who knew, between themselves.
She just missed her family. It was that simple. Especially, after this last time. These few months have been the toughest she's ever had to deal with. And a few good dad jokes surely would help her somber spirits.
"I guess that tale still has its charms doesn't it, Ma," Steve told himself.
"Sure, Stark. Keep on telling yourself that." Steve walked backed over to the war table, along with the philanthropist.
She once again looked around. These people were killing her softly. The envious itch just to be like them was the prime suspect. Why couldn’t she just sit with a friend, sip some tea, and talk trash about a friend of theirs? Well, she wouldn’t want to talk trash about anyone, but you get her point.
"Does it have anything to do with Siberia?" Tony guessed.
"No, you and them back there, don't know. That pain she had that day, no one does. This pain, a father's pain, My pain, is something so, so emptying and darkening that only people like me, can get out of." He replied somberly.
"But you still can, Cap. Just from a place that isn't a constant reminder of what you've lost." Bruce acknowledged.
Once his eyes found Steve's, his demeanor changed from angrily confused to amusingly surprised. He eagerly stood up and shook his hand.
"Annie already had the doll last night, Stevie! And I asked her if I could play with her today. But she said no!" Tina complained.
"Really?! You too?!" Steve scoffed amusingly, "No, I'm not. Last night I was discussing with her about Tony, and me... well being me. I gave her an awkward handshake. Trust me, Pepper is a beautiful women, but she's not really my type. Additionally, Tony and me, would fight to the death if I did. And... we all know who would win."
Hope you guys enjoy the chapter! There will be a jump forward in time, so be prepared for that. Kudos and Comments are always appreciated! ❤️
Peter, literally, disintegrated into dust, in Tony’s arms. It broke the philanthropist. His greatest fear had come true.
“We have to talk.”, Tony said as he slowly approached Steve. Even though he tried to sound casual he didn’t quite manage it, his voice just a bit too rushed to seem normal and his eyes to emotionless to seem calm.
"You're a good man," Steve says and he doesn't sound nearly as calm as he would like. "You're a hero, you put your life on the line to help others. Your mistakes don't define you, Tony. Nobody is perfect, not you, not Natasha, not Thor and definitely not me, but we all try and we do our best and that's what makes us good people. Not that we've only ever done good, but that we try to make up for the bad." He needs Tony to understand. A part of Steve, the very primal and unreasonable part of him, just wants to shout at Tony and shake him until Tony understands that he's a good person, he's one of the best people Steve's ever known and
Steve looked like Tony just slapped him. “So that’s your excuse? Your age? Age is just a number. You told me that yourself, the first time we had sex. Do you remember?”
"You're the most perfect person I know," Tony says lightly, but Steve sees the careful smile and maybe Tony understands, after all. Maybe he gets what Steve's saying.
"Why are you so angry about it? You're the one who did it!" Tony is shouting now too and there is something akin to panic in his eyes.
“No,” Steve admits. “No, not yet. I’m getting there though.”
“What if I don’t want to talk about it?” Tony suddenly asked.
That hurt. But it was the truth after all, wasn’t it? You are worth so little, I’d rather die than be saved by you. How much do you have to hate someone to feel like that?
"I'm bisexual," Steve repeats. He googled that and he's quite proud of figuring it out on his own. Not that he hadn't known back in the 40's, there were only so many boners you could get in inappropriate situations before you figure that stuff out, but now he had a word for it other than
He did, he really wanted to open it up, and see the name, Steve Rogers, with that number below it. But to hear his voice again, would only bring back pain. And to Tony, it still felt too early.
"Seriously, Steve. It's nothing to worry about."
He felt the tears begin to flow, but still held a majority of them back. The super soldier was done. And honestly, so was Tony.
Pepper screamed of course, and looked around for her husband. He gave another push. Her breathing hitched, as she hesitantly looked under the bed.
'Okay, it's been long enough.' He thought aggravatingly.
He groaned a little.
"Well, thank you for the concern. But you're a little too late to that party, Captain." Tony joked.
"When I saw that ass of yours," Tony answered teasingly.
"Patience is a virtue, you know!". Sam was about to start pressing random buttons, when an agent whacked his forearm with their gun.
Sam was the first to head outside of the diner, with Steve and Natasha following behind. "So, what are we going to do if this 'warehouse' is actually Hydra-filled?" Sam asked.
And sadly, they resurfacing. These ones not as bad, but Tony would still wake up slightly crying. And Pepper knew that had to've been about, that day.
It was down the road from the café, so it really wasn’t that much of a walk. By the time she reached his floor, she knocked on the door. The broken 217 number made Natasha instantly feel dirty.
Vision especially was fond of the growth. From their Tony Stark stylized quarantine days, to now; it really made Vision gain a close relationship with the maximoff offspring.
Steve just kept his eyes on the window. When he was done gazing out into the night, he began to strip down. The protruding darkness of outside making it hard for the blonde to unbutton his shirt. That was the other difference he would have to get used to; the sheer darkness of living out in the countryside. Not having the lights of the city streets and surrounding neighbors giving a bit of illumination to his abode. The only neighbors the soldier had now were the frogs & cicadas.
"Oh you know, the same as always. Stressful, exhausting, and lately, terrifying." She huffed in disappointment, "But do you want to know something, I wouldn't trade it for anything else. To be frank, I wouldn't even quit. Which is what I want you to do.".
"Yea, but if your looking to get something, we can kill a few more minutes?" Sam stated.
"Um... Okay? But, what do I tell Vision?" She inquired.
'How could he be so selfish?! Then again, it's Tony Stark! He always thinks of himself! Seriously?! Is he willing to let them be tortured or worse, just so that he can stay with Pepper?!' Her thoughts suddenly seemed to swarm her.
Steve smirked, then taking a random stool and sat in front of the group. "Alright, Here we go. This story was told to me by my Ma when I was young.".
Another time, he believed it to be the Avengers. And that one stayed for only a short while, till the Accords situation.
"What’s going on?” Sam acknowledged.
“Steve, we needed the car. He probably has a ride somehow, someway. He’ll be alright.” Sam confided.
"Oh! Nothing! I'm sorry if that sounded wrong. What I meant to say was..."
Tony just stood quietly and crossed his arms. What was so important? And why was he acting so nervous?
"Well, I didn't know you were wanting to stop." He joked.
"And we should care, why?! Shouldn't we be... I don't know... leaving?!" Sam protested.
"That's nice Stark, but we going to have rain check on that idea of yours. We have more pressing matters to attend to." Fury acknowledged. Tony noticed that the team looked back at him after this sly statement. He also slightly looked upon Steve's face of utter disappointment. There were a lot of things in his life that he never saw. The Beatles in concert, and Captain America disappointed.
Natasha scooted herself over. She took his hand and held it tightly. "You didn't abandon us, Tony. You had your demons, and couldn't shake them. Steve wouldn’t have hated you. He’s still beating himself up over it.".
Natasha had left a few moments ago. So, it's pretty much been him, alone. Kamala and Bruce waved at him from time to time. To which he politely nodded. But still no Steve Rogers.
"Well Metal Man, I'm sure the Captain is quite tired. And is in need of much rest. I use to sleep hours upon hours after a battle." Thor responded.
The curtain began to slide. The hooks scrapped against the rod, as the curtain connected to the wall. Tony turned to face his honey, only to see a wall. He gazed in confusion. His attention was then brought to the bedroom. He could hear someone in the covers. To aroused to question what happened. He slid under the sheets, ready to see Pepper, in all of her beauty.
Steve looked over to the snoring brunet and snickered softly. Tony was clearly in an uncomfortable position with a seatbelt covering half his face. His nose flaring with every intake of breath. Seriously, the soldier wishes he could take a picture at this moment.
Apparently, Tina wasn’t that attached to it as she just complained about it for a few seconds, and then walked off to find something else to play with.
"The... sex is fine. I noticed that she was looking at me, but she wasn't upset. She simply walked up to me and gave me a hug. It was like a goodbye hug you know. But as she let go of me, and said it was nice to see me and Nat. She didn't explain herself further." He explained.
Tony eventually noticed that he had stopped. Yet seeing Steve's concerned look made himself smile in amusement. He brought his hand to the super soldier's cheek again and nodded to continue.
He looked behind him to the station and giggled softly in response. "What makes you think I'm sad?"
"I'm taking things slow, Tony. I don't want to rush this too quickly. Trust me, it won't be long before we decide to "knock boots" again.".
However, when Tony retreated, it arose a fire in Steve's body. They did it. They kissed, in public! Steve suddenly felt an urgency for it to happen again.
She raced over to him and hugged him so tightly. She held on momentarily, before gently releasing her death grip on the man.
"Rejection of your invitation to dance." Steve looked at her amusingly shocked.
"Thank you. And for your offer, I’d have to politely decline. Mostly because I don't want to be a burden. Or you guys having the need to babysit me." Steve claimed before Tony instantly responded.
"Got any other ones?" She asked.
Suddenly, a light above illuminated the area around Steve. He froze. It wasn't his new bedroom that he was in. It was that dark room with the table between him and that creature. But, the first thing the soldier noticed was there wasn't anyone across from him this time. Just a simple chair, sitting quietly.
Tony looked confused. "Well, what else is there?".
Tony looked away from Steve's blank expression, only to finally break the tension with a simple question, "You feeling alright there, Cap?"
Steve hesitated before responding, "Well, believe it or not, we’re pretty similar in that regard.".
The upper bay window, in which one-young 'Avenger' stood by, glistened with fog and constant snowflakes.
And low-en-behold, he was. He showed up at around 7 this morning and helped Steve pack up some boxes in the kitchen. The two having a very long conversation about themselves. Mainly because the two weren't all that close, just like he and Clint weren't either.
It was the first time he had seen his name. 4 long years since Tony Stark had seen the name, Steve Rogers.
He sat Tony's drink down near him and quietly walked back into the ship. Alone, and guilt-ridden by what he heard.
Steve took a sip of his whiskey. With Tony following, but with bigger gulps. “I’m sorry... again.” Tony apologized.
Once inside, the two tried to catch their breaths. Whilst, Sam looked for weapons, really any kind. However, the tool they were in, was anything but helpful. A few cabinets, were on the back wall, with some boxes atop a marble counter. ‘This must’ve been a kitchen.’ Sam thought.
"Wanda?"
And his power to still roam in the philanthropist's mind. He really pondered the idea, of how after all these years, Steve Rogers is still in his life. Even when he's miles away. Helping whoever, and whatever they might be needing.
He continually looked to Steve with a shit-eating grin. His most famous of grins. He knew it, he had to.
Granted he was 8 feet tall and over 1,000 pounds. So really no bed could withstand him at the moment. So Steve helped him grab all three broken mattresses from the other rooms and piled them onto one another; the scientist slept on those instead. His legs dangling off to the side.
“Well, that was helpful.” Steve scoffed.
"Tony come over here and help us lift this damn rock!" Clint yelled.
"It's me... Nat." She didn't mean to sound excited. But truthfully she was. An inch of hope was enough for her.
"Steve I know that. But it didn't make me feel any better, when I got home last night, and that it still happened!" She shouted.
Steve's face of utter shock, was short-lived when his face beamed with happiness. His smile melting Tony's heart over and over again.
"What are we going to do?! Like seriously man?!" Sam whispered aggravatingly.
"Although tempting, no. It was, actually about our kiss. I think, we should try-no need to find a way to forget it." Steve stated.
Natasha obliged and looked through Clint's wallet. Clint and Maria do not take their eyes off of the driver, as he extends his hand behind his seat. He may have calmed down, but you never know. She found a few twenties, not caring that it was overpaying, and sat them in his hand. Clint slightly pouted, since he just lost twenty bucks, but relented as he did feel pity for the father.
"What?"
Steve laughed, but it was nothing joyful about it. “I want a reason, Tony! You can’t just break up with me after four years and expect me to just nod and go on with my life! This is not fast food that you just throw away if you don’t like it anymore! This is a relationship! We are supposed to talk about stuff and not just break up over little things. So excuse the fact that I want just one goddam reason if you have suddenly decided to leave me!”
“Look, it’s simple,” Bucky starts, clearly about to prove that he posses about the same amount of empathy as a spoon. “If you can imagine him get married to someone else and you feel fine, then leave it. Salvage the friendship and stuff, go fuck some other hot twink. If the thought makes you wanna puke or, I don't know, curl up in a ball and listen to Coldplay for a few weeks, then just go and kiss the dude. It’s really not that complicated.”
for you?"
"No, I mean- I, maybe- You-" Steve stutters and he can feel himself go red as a tomato. He can't believe he's actually doing this.
, Steve's mind tells him.
But Steve doesn’t say anything and he doesn’t leave, he just stares at Tony and Tony wants to die. If he dies right now, he doesn’t have to sit through all this awkwardness. Steve is too nice to be an ass, Tony knows that. It’s one of the things that he likes about Steve. But that doesn't mean that it's not going to be super awkward.
For a moment the world seemed to stop. “What?” Steve’s voice sounded way too high like he just got punched in the guts, his eyes wide with shock.
It's not often that Steve has absolutely no idea what he should say but if anyone manages to render him speechless, it's of course Tony. It’s always Tony. "You're the smartest person I know." He says because it's the only thing he can think of that at least makes some sense.
“What if I mess up?” Tony asked. “What if I just totally fuck it up?”
"Of course I want to marry you! I've always wanted to marry you, Tony." Steve's voice is pained. "But that doesn't mean-"
Tony doesn't answer immediately and for a few seconds, the only sound is the whirring of a printer in the distance and Steve takes a moment to just wholeheartedly hate SHIELD and their paper-thin walls.
"Yes!" Steve says and Tony's expression gets even more pained.
Steve sighed and smiled apologetic in the woman’s direction before he followed Tony in a quiet corner.
"Try to get some sleep," Steve says and rolls over. "It's late."
“I broke up with you.” The words tasted bitter on Tony’s lips, like lies used to taste, before he became a professional liar.
“What do you want me to say? It was you or me and I had better chances of, well... actually getting out alive, than you. I can do my maths, you know. It wasn’t exactly a hard decision!” You would have done the same for me, Tony wants to say, but he doesn’t because he’s not sure if Steve would actually do the same for him. For Natasha or Bruce, sure. For Clint too, no question, and probably for Thor, but for Tony? He doesn’t know a single person that would do something like that for him. Pepper and Rhodey – yes, Rhodey might, but even that’s not for sure. And it’s not like Tony would want him to. Rhodey needs to be alive and well, no matter what happens to Tony. He’s Tony Stark. He can pay people to take care of him, protect him. Even die for him, probably.
The silence was uncomfortable and awkward and Tony wished Steve would just let go of his wrist so Tony could lock himself in his workshop and never come out again.
Steve smiles and Tony knows it will be okay. He can believe in this.
“Of course. I’ve been thinking a lot about this stuff you know.”, Steve said and smiled.
“It’s not that.” Tony wanted to get up and hide in his lab or at least pace around in the living room, but he knew he would just make it worse. “It’s the thing Clint said. About kids.”
"I'm not taking- I didn't say that," Steve protests awkwardly. "I didn't say anything, okay?"
He's starting to make a habit out of it and
"But you want to marry me," Tony asks quietly.
He can see Tony's face fall and this time he doesn't even bother hiding it.
"Okay," Tony says very slowly and looks at Steve like Steve's a bit mad.
“But how likely is it that it’ll work out? Even
"Just- Imagine someone is better than you at everything you do together. At everything. Always." Tony looks at him expectantly and Steve nods, more a reflex than an actual acknowledgement of Tony's words. "Okay. And- he always expects you to be just as good as himself. And you never are. Just imagine what that feels like."
“Yeah,” Tony said. “That sounds like an idea.”
“Good luck, punk,” Bucky says just before the call disconnects.
“You want a reason?” Tony’s nails dug deep into his palms. “Okay, how about the party down there? That’s a great reason if you ask me!”
-Tony Stark in Iron Man 3
Steve didn’t let go of his wrist. “No. You are not just going to leave now. Whatever this is about, I’m sure we can fix it!”
“I’m not saying I think Stark’s a great idea but- hear me out- the guy doesn’t seem like he’d be opposed to- you know" Steve just knows Bucky is making some crude hand gesture right now. " -with you.”
This is why Steve needs new friends. Bucky just knows him too well.
