wings.
A strangled noise caught in the back of Castiel’s throat as he tried to focus on anything but how pleasant the pressure felt. He internally chastised himself. He should be stronger than this. He was an
The angel turned his attention on the taller brother. “Yes. You and Dean have been through quite a lot recently… I may have made sure that no cases reached you for a while so that you could ‘relax’ while researching the mark and searching for Rowena. That is why you're just now hearing about this case. I'm sure otherwise the algorithm Charlie set up would have alerted you by now.” Dean rolled his eyes at Cas’ air quotes around the word 'relax' before getting downright offended.
“Currently? The disapproval rating of the current president.” The angel answered, not skipping a beat. Dean started snickering and Sam shot him an annoyed look. But Dean knew Cas better than Sam. He knew that the angel didn’t want to talk about what was currently bothering him, so he’s taking a page out of the Winchester’s book and was avoiding talking about it.
The next morning came and went with little information on the vampire nest. The morgue didn’t help because they already knew they were dealing with vampires, and not even Cas could find anything on the body that might give away information to help solve the case. Day was quickly beginning to shift into night, and Dean was reminded of one of the reasons he hated winter.
, and
“Understand what?” The hunter’s voice was smaller and more broken that he had intended. The angel dropped his gaze. This was their game. A game of cat and mouse where they would both dance dangerously close to the flames that was admitting their love, only to jump back and run around in circles again. And Castiel was getting sick of it. Dean could see it in the way he tented his eyebrows a little more intensely every time the topic came up. He was sure a similar look reflected on his own face.
Dean gently brushed past Vera, her flowery perfume invading his senses as he pulled out a pocket knife out of his pocket before hoisting himself up on the boat. He made his way over to Ivan, still sending Vera his most dazzling smile before crouching down to cut away at the net until it was loose enough to pull off of the propellers. Ivan looked completely embarrassed as he lowered the propellers back in the water, and Vera was biting her lip flirtatiously as she nodded in approval.
It wasn’t a day that was particularly special or different than any other day. No yard work needed to be done, there was a pleasant breeze coasting across the pond, and Cas was leaned against Dean’s side on the bench underneath the willow. They were even drinking honest to god homemade lemonade. It was some of the most domestic bullshit that Dean had ever seen in his life, and he absolutely loved it. He absolutely loved Cas. It was at that moment that he realized that there was no perfect moment to propose to Cas, because all the moments they shared together felt perfect. Sure, sometimes they fought. They shoved each other and screamed and shouted and slammed doors hard enough to shake the house. But even those moments were perfectly imperfect. Dean didn’t want his life any other way.
Sam’s computer made an obnoxious chirping noise, and Dean was about to ask what the hell was wrong with it when Sam said “Shut up, I have to take this.” with a little smile. He clicked somewhere on the screen. “Eileen!” He greeted, his voice soft and endearing.
“Uh, cool.” He forced himself to relax a little and change the subject. “You ready to take down this Tulpa?”
. Dean was about to give him the whole ‘thanks, but no thanks’ speech, thinking this dude was just trying to sell a little weed. But then he noticed the inside of Ross’ arm. He had track marks. This wasn’t even coke. It was heroin.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam, sensing the awkwardness, spoke up. “So, I have nothing. No hex bags, no emf. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary in any of the boats, or in the office when I went to go talk to Ivan again.”
“I remembered your reluctance to give me the necklace all those years ago, and how it was apparent that the necklace meant a great deal to you. I thought you may regret throwing it away. Now that I have both my grace and wings back, I was able to scour the united states looking for it and was pleased to find that it had been unharmed.” Cas answered casually, as if he hadn’t just blown Dean away with his thoughtfulness.
“You gotta stop doing that.” Dean said sternly. “One day someone’s gonna see you zapping around and freak out.”
Castiel just stared at her. He had no idea what a gaydar was, but it sounded a lot like EMF. He
Sam. Sam had his phone out and snapped a picture, then immediately burst into a fit of laughter and Dean threw his empty milkshake cup at him.
, but he was hoping that maybe Cas could distract him for a little while longer.
“Dean.”
“And what do you suppose we do, Sam?” Cas asked. “We’ve been through every book in the bunker, I’ve contacted Heaven, I’ve even tried contacting
made Sam take his eyes off of the ocean, but he tried not to let himself get frustrated over the fact that Cas could feel Dean’s
joke was funny, so they were even.
“That’s fine.” Sam replied indifferently, reaching for the costume.
Dean beamed at him and patted him on the cheek condescendingly. “it’s just supposed to be for fun, remember? And it’ll help us blend in. We’ll just look like a bunch of nerds enjoying the convention, not three hunters trying to get rid of a haunting.”
If you were at all confused by the Cuthbert Sinclair/Magnus story line, I would suggest rewatching episode 09x16, "Blade Runners".
“Cas… I’m not worth all of this. So if this is just about me, you can’t… you can’t do it. You constantly give up everything for me, and for what? For your grace to be weakened? For the other angels to treat you like shit? You would be better off in Heaven with them. Hell, you’d be better off
The penthouse was huge and covered the entire top floor of the resort. It had its own kitchen, two bathrooms, and two large bedrooms divided by a living room in the middle. It had access to a wraparound balcony that had its own sitting area with a firepit and nice outdoor seating. Everything was expensive, clean, and modern, but Ricardo had been right about the pullout couch in the living room. When they tried to set it up, it creaked and groaned and got stuck. Castiel, having inhuman strength, completely broke it when he attempted to fix it. It
Dean opened his eyes. “You could kill me.” He croaked. They were in the dungeon of the bunker, and Dean hated that Cas had healed him because he didn’t deserve it. He turned his head to Sam. “I almost killed you, Sammy. I almost killed you, and nothing I did controlled it. If…if Cas wouldn’t have been there…” His voice cracked.
“Oh, come on.” Bethany said, an optimistic smile on her deep wine-red lips. “It’s just for fun. The panels don’t start until 11:30 tomorrow, so we don’t have to be up early.” She shrugged. “If something shows up, we can
“Yeah, I guess you’re right…” Dean replied softly. He ran his fingers through his already messy hair before slumping back down, nestling into his pillow. Much to Castiel’s surprise, he was facing him, blinking sleepily. He closed his eyes and Castiel did the same. Right as Castiel was about to drift off to sleep, Dean reached across the space between them so that their fingertips were just barely touching. “...’Night, Cas.” Dean mumbled.
Castiel sighed. “Of course, Dean.”
Dean returned his eyes to the screen but swallowed hard. “Besides” he said softly. “It’s not like I watch it for the medical part.”
“He’s not your fucking pet, you sick fuck.” Dean snarled.
“And you think she wouldn’t betray us?” Castiel spat angrily. “You don’t think she would try to kill Gabriel if she felt like he threatened her throne?”
The bartender scrunched up her nose in disgust. “My name is Andrisha. And unless you have a pussy, I’m not interested.”
“Uh, thanks. I love you in Star Trek. I mean it’s not the original, but uh, you’re great as Kirk.” Dean tripped over his words, and Sam noticed the blush creeping across his cheeks. God his brother was a lost cause.
“She can be quite intimidated.” Replied, amused.
When Sam wasn’t pestering the living fuck out of Dean about Cas, he was asking about the mark of Cain. He knew something was up because Dean was ‘just different’ and wouldn’t let it go. He wasn’t buying that Dean wasn’t having any issues out of the mark. And so, they fought. A lot. Part of Sam throwing his little bitch fits was that he was going on hunts by himself. Not necessarily always alone, but without Dean. He would grab one of the Men of Letters cars and check out a case without even inviting Dean. Just last week he had helped some chick take down a ghoul and Dean didn’t even know until
Cas sighed. Kevin was right, without having any way of knowing it. Cas’ apartment was painfully depressing, with its bare walls and most of his belongings still in boxes. He hadn't exactly wanted to move, and his mother had advised against it, but the apartment was lonely despite being cramped. “You’re right. Maybe I’ll go check it out tonight.” He glanced down at his still sticky hands. “After I go home and shower. Thanks, Kevin. I hope you have a good shift.” Cas made his way to the computer to clock out, and Kevin just smiled at him pleasantly before restocking some candy bars.
“Fine. Still grumpy as hell, but he’s good. Things have been busy at the garage. He’s been having Garth in charge of any damage control involving angry customers after I suggested it. Who would have thought that Mr. Ray-Of-Sunshine Garth would be better at dealing with customers than Bobby’s old ass.” Sam laughed and it made warmth spread through Dean’s chest. God he missed that kid. Maybe he could convince him to fly home for the holidays.
between them. He didn’t trust her nearly enough to confess his true feelings about Dean.
“I…I don’t know where to begin.” Castiel leaned against the Impala next to Dean. Dean just raised his arms, gesturing for him to continue. Castiel looked at the ground, unable to meet Dean’s eyes. He sighed and finally began the speech that he hoped he wouldn’t regret. “Dean, before I met you, I was lost. I didn’t think I was. I thought I was doing a pretty good job serving God and heaven. But it was after I met you that I realized just how lost I was. You’ve taught me so much. In fact, you’ve taught me how to
“You only need to leave the band aid on for an hour.” Cas said, interrupting his thoughts and smoothing his thumb over the band aid on his hand. “It’ll help with the pain and itching, and also help heal it faster.” Dean just nodded. They were standing so close. Cas was practically between his thighs since he was sitting on the counter, and their faces were leaned in much closer than absolutely necessary. Dean was starting to think that maybe he hadn’t just waited too long for sex, that maybe he wasn’t just lonely. There was this magnetic pull between them that was overwhelming his senses, and he was pretty sure Cas felt it too. “Dean?” Cas asked uncertainly.
Dean didn’t have time to respond before she drug him into the crashing waves of the ocean.
“Why?” Sam asked sleepily.
There was a look in Cas’ eyes that Dean couldn’t quite place, but it had his throat feeling tight and his hands clammy. He looked down shyly. “There’s also a beekeeping box for you outside. I know you can’t really use any of this until spring, but I just thought, you know, since you like bees and all…”
Seb laughed behind her, his own fangs bared. “Don’t play with your food, Violet.”
For anyone that's interested, my experience meeting Misha and coming out to him will be in the end chapter notes for this chapter. :) I realize that I haven't been nearly as personable in the notes to this fic as I was while writing ISOWAK, and I'm trying to change that.
feel the same, everything is fucking awkward and ruined, and I lose my best friend…again.” Dean’s voice was barely above a whisper, and he knew he sounded pitiful. He collapsed into one of the map table chairs, dropping his head to his hands as he swallowed the panic trying to claw its way to the surface. “Tell me this gets easier.” He said, muffled into his hands.
“Would you stop worrying about the bees?” Eileen said teasingly. “They only take what they need from the flowers. They won’t take enough to harm them. It’s the natural balance of things, they know what they’re doing.” Dean had already lost track of her hands.
“Well, I found out why we couldn’t find any information about the body.” Sam said dryly as soon as he got back to the room. Dean motioned for him to continue. “She was cremated.”
Sam and Cas hadn’t had any issues out of Julia but were unable to find anything else to help the case, and the sun was starting to set. Ricardo’s shift had ended at around the time they showed up, but he had chosen to stick around and help them. His relief was a girl his age scrolling through her phone on facebook and was completely unbothered by Ricardo still being there, or by “feds” in suits hanging around the lobby. In fact, she asked Ricardo if he could watch the front long enough or her to go to the bathroom as soon as they got back to the counter.
Faintly, Dean could hear Sam calling out to him as he decapitated the last vampire, Sebastian. Dean ignored his brother’s calls and brought the machete down on Seb’s beheaded body again and again, blood painting his torso. He felt someone grab his arm and he turned on them. While Dean registered that the person that grabbed his arm was Sam, the Mark either didn’t notice or didn’t care, and he raised his sword once again.
“Either you’re new to hunting, or you really didn’t feel like putting in much effort just now.” A husky voice said to Dean’s right.
“Not to actually go on the hunt. Donna called for another hunter, Eileen. She was just checking in to make sure we didn’t have anymore information on banshees here at the bunker. Eileen’s been tracking one for a while and thinks she finally has it cornered. She didn’t want to miss her window.” Sam had been really impressed with Eileen even though it had been Donna he was talking to. She sounded smart and level-headed, and he hoped she was able to take down the banshee that killed her parents. It wouldn’t make her feel better to take care of the monster that destroyed him family, but it would allow her a little peace knowing it wasn’t still out there.
As always, thank you for all the love, support, comments, and kudos. Y'all are the best.
And Dean tried to dismiss it, he really did. This was a golden opportunity to distance himself from Cas a little more. He could just go to his room and lock the door, not even bother saying good night. But why the fuck did an angel of the lord want to hand wash dishes?
He hated the fact that that word now described him, but it was the only one that was fitting. Cas had just fallen into place in his life so seamlessly, and that soft, appreciative look he gave Dean when Dean made sure to remind him that he was wanted at the bunker? That was it for Dean. So maybe he followed him around the bunker or invited him to watch movies or share pizza a little too often. He didn’t want to think about why he wanted to spend so much time with the angel, or why he was noticing how attractive he was, or why his subconscious was providing him with filthy dreams about his best friend. Thinking about that for too long meant dealing with it, it meant that he had to have that mental discussion with himself about the
“Thanks for all your help today, Ricardo. But I think we’re gonna throw in the towel for the night. We still have to find a place to stay for the night.”
the men that have been staying there. This entire time I’ve been trying to figure out a motive, or at least a connection between the victims. I can’t think of anything, at least not without questioning the families.”
“You getting a splinter is the least of my worries.”
Ricardo bit his lip and quickly looked over to the bathrooms his coworker had went to. When he saw that the coast was clear, he darted behind the desk and immediately started typing on the computer. His fingers flew over the keys as he kept glancing over to the bathroom and he eventually exhaled a sigh of relief and grinned at Sam, Cas, and Dean. He slid two electronic key cards across the desk at them and said, “Detective Lector, the penthouse has been booked for you and your partners.”
Dean shot up in bed, his chest heaving and slick with sweat. He ran his fingers through his hair, steadying his breath and reminding himself that it had all just been a nightmare. He ripped off his sweat soaked shirt, tossing it to the floor. He heard a rustling to his right, and jumped, finding Cas staring down at him.
Dean had been so grumpy about it that Castiel had strongly considered just not sleeping. He was needing less and less sleep, and his grace had been growing stronger after Magnus’ spells had weakened it. But Castiel was selfish and wanted to take any excuse to be close to Dean, even if Dean definitely didn’t seem to feel the same if slamming the bathroom door was any indication.
“Oh, I’m sorry, Sammy. I wasn’t aware of the fact that getting
didn’t judge him for it. Cas didn’t care about the fights and lies. He didn’t think that Dean was a monster for what he did in Hell. He didn’t judge him for all the horrible ways that Dean had tried to kill his sadness. Cas even loved Sam like family and would do anything to protect him, while others just tried to rub it in his face that his brother was his Achilles heel. Cas was always in Dean’s corner, he always chose Dean. Even if he didn’t always choose Dean in the right way, it was for the right reasons. Cas was loyal and caring and selfless. Cas loved him. Even if it wasn’t in the way that Dean craved, the angel
“Uh, Cas, can we talk?” Sam asked while Dean sat the table and Cas snapped his fingers to clean up the mess. Dean looked at him adoringly. He hated cleaning up after he cooked.
Rowena finally felt the confidence to but in, stepping out from behind her son. “We want to you capture the Winchesters personal lap dog. We want you to capture Castiel.”
Castiel gave Dean a small, sad smile. “Any good day with the mark is something to take advantage of it. But it’s simply lying dormant for the time being. You were in a very pleasant mood today, I’m sure that helped.”
Vera let the boat slow to a stop, her hair in wild, sexy waves as she looked back over her shoulder playfully. “You alright there, stud?” She asked teasingly.
It all started three days ago when he moved into his new home. First, he stubbed his toe on the box holding his Star Trek collection, and almost went tumbling down the rickety staircase face first. Then, he almost dropped his massive flat screen tv when he tried to carry it in by himself because one of the front porch steps gave out. And sure, he had gotten the television for free by doing a favor for an antique store owner, but that wasn’t the
Dean could hear his brother struggling on the wall behind him, but he couldn’t tear his eyes away from Magnus, couldn’t stop listening to him. Magnus smiled mockingly. “Ah yes, you heard right, Dean.” Magnus flipped the demon blade in his hands before pocketing it in his suit jacket. “A nice blade. But I prefer an angel’s blade. Using one against an angel’s biggest weakness… it gives such a sense of poetry.” Magnus pulled an angel blade from his other pocket before abruptly shoving it in Dean’s shoulder without warning. Dean let out a blood curdling scream, but Magnus had already turned back to Cas in fascination. The only thing he cared about was what reaction that Cas could possibly have. Cas was now standing, his wings uncurled behind him as much as the cage would allow, and his eyes were glowing the ethereal blue of grace. “Fascinating. That’s the first time I’ve seen your grace glow in your eyes.” Magnus said in wonder.
The Christmas demon hunt was mostly a bust. The demon was terrorizing the locals in Boulder, Colorado by bouncing from bar to bar, trying to trick people into selling their souls. The demon either knew very little about Crowley and Rowena’s locations, or refused to say anything other than Crowley had an entire search party looking for his mother. This wasn’t new information, and interrogating the demon proved to be a waste of time. They also didn’t realize that there was a small pipe leak in the warehouse that they were questioning the demon, and the leak ended up damaging the devil’s trap (still bright pink because Sam insisted on not wasting). The demon was able to work his way out of his restraints and the devil’s trap. The son of a bitch put up a hell of a fight too. He managed to blacken Sam’s eye and break Dean’s collar bone in the short time it took Cas to reach him and press a palm to his forehead, burning the demon from the inside out before immediately coming over to Dean to heal him, a worried, distraught look on his face.
right. That moment came a lot sooner than later.
“Just don’t, Cas.” Dean said hoarsely. He didn’t want to talk about the mark. He didn’t want to talk about how close to the edge he had just gotten, how difficult it was to pull himself back and not let the mark consume him. He just wanted to get Sam healthy enough to get them back to Lebanon.
. Dean didn’t exactly expect Cas to talk to him after how badly he had fucked up. But finding out that
“All flowers that attract various species of bees.” Cas finished for him softly, looking over the packages of lavender, snowdrops, peonies, foxgloves, and lilacs.
Sam was quiet for a moment before he finally inhaled softly and spoke. “There’s this girl named Eileen that comes into the library sometimes when I’m working. She’s really nice and funny. She reads lips really well but… I uh, thought it might be nice to pick up a few signs? That’s not creepy is it?”
about to allow his father to make it hurt even worse by trying to put the blame on him.
Cas noticed it. Or if they did, neither would talk about it. He had tried to ask Dean about it. There was this undying curiosity that had Sam wanting to know what it was like for Dean, to have been raised by an angel from the flames of hell, only to have that angel rebel against heaven for him. But Dean knew him too well, and anytime he tried to bring it up, before Sam could even open his mouth, Dean would be muttering about how there was no ‘chick flick’ moments, and would leave the room, before Sam could say a word.
“Whatever you say, Dean.” Cas murmured with a soft smile. He wished that sentence didn’t carry more weight than flirty banter. Dean was easily one of the most stunning people he had ever seen, and it wouldn’t be hard for the mechanic to convince him to do just about anything with the right motivation.
How could he think love was worth it after he watched his father chip his teeth on liquor bottles year after year because he couldn’t get over the death of Dean’s mother when Dean was only four years old? John watched Mary burn in a house fire, and he was never the same. It was like he stopped living the day that she died. He stopped being the loving dad that Dean knew. When he wasn’t swinging his fists at the drywall, he was swinging them at Dean. John couldn’t even hear Mary’s name spoken out loud without becoming a shell of his former self, without leaving Dean and his little brother Sam alone, slamming the front door so hard that Dean could swear to god the whole house shook. It was the first time that Dean realized that love wasn’t always a bright light guiding a lost ship.
touch them. Did you ever think that maybe he feels the same way about you as you do about him?”
“Listen, handsome. If you’re looking for a distraction, I’m more than willing.” The guy gave Dean a toothy smirk, and Dean immediately flushed. He wasn’t bad looking, and if Dean wasn’t with Cas, he might have actually taken the guy up on the over. The guy reminded him a little of Tom Hardy, and Dean felt a smile of his own pulling at his lips.
Dean looked up at Sam, and his brother’s face mirrored his own shocked, thankful expression. “Thanks, Cas.” Dean said gruffly, immediately putting the necklace on while trying to ignore how his stomach was doing summersaults and his fingers itched to grab the angel and pull him into his arms. Cas just looked at him with big, blue, content eyes that smiled more than his lips ever did. Suddenly, Dean’s anxiety about Cas’ gift came rolling back in waves as he shoved Sam’s gift at him. He gently handed Cas his gift, his entire face burning. God this was so stupid.
“Goodbye, Charlie.” Dean said softly. He had his facial expression steeled, but Sam could see the pain in his eyes and knew the same expression reflected on his face. Castiel looked sad as well, but most of his emotion seemed focused on sympathy towards to two brothers. Cas may not have had enough time to develop a strong relationship with Charlie, but he knew how much she meant to Sam and Dean.
Sam gave him a forced, tightlipped smile and left. Sam knew. Sam had to have known how Dean felt about Cas, he had to have known for years. Dean knew he wasn't as subtle as he pretended to be. Sam had never said anything, but he knew that Dean always drank himself into a stupor when Cas died. He knew Cas was different. He would never put Dean in the position to have to admit it, but he knew.
Castiel woke from a dreamless, fitful sleep on his back, his angelic eyes only have to blink once to completely adjust to the room’s darkness. The first thing he noticed was Dean was wrapped around him like an octopus, much like the last time they had shared a bed. The difference this time was that Castiel wasn’t sitting up in bed, his body was slouched down in the pillow next to Dean and Dean was completely flush with him. Dean had somehow managed to wiggle so that his head was on Castiel’s chest and one of his thighs was draped over Castiel’s lap. Castiel swallowed hard, very pointedly trying not to think about the part of his vessel Dean’s thigh was pressed against. But vessel wasn’t quite the right word anymore, was it? Jimmy had long since exited this body, and since then, God had specifically rebuilt it for Castiel. This was no longer just a vessel. This was Castiel’s body, and as Dean shifted to snuggle closer, that was Castiel’s erection Dean’s thigh was pressing against.
“Uh, that’s great, Cas. It’s New Year’s Eve. We were gonna celebrate. Kick back and have a few beers, write down some New Years resolutions, watch the ball drop, that sort of thing.”
. This was about the best friend he ever had, someone he had been through Heaven, Hell, and Purgatory with. This was about someone who put up with his shit and his baggage and remained loyal to him regardless of how bad he fucked up.
“So?!” Dean yelled, hackles raised. “Why does that matter? I’ve been pining over Cas for months, hell,
Olivia’s lip curled in disappointment. “I don’t know what to tell you. Everything was fine, Charlie was answering questions, and then suddenly he got pissed off and the pencil went flying through the air and almost killed Bethany.” She curled a long, blonde strand of hair around her finger, still not giving up her flirting entirely, or unable to turn it off. “Bethany just asked him if the cast of Harry Potter would be cool when she met them. I don’t see why that would piss a ghost off.”
“No thank you.” Cas replied politely, and the waiter scurried off without another word.
Dean had been staring at his fence for at least 15 minutes. He had two options. The first option was to go knock on the neighbor’s door. It would be awkward, especially as a first introduction, but maybe Dean could pull it off as quirky and endearing. His second option was to climb over the fence, grab his keys, and haul ass. It would completely avoid the whole unnecessary, awkward human interaction, and he would be able to avoid getting invited into someone’s home for lemon squares, or whatever neighborly people did.
“We have fake credit cards that we use from time to time.” Sam answered.
Sam tossed and turned in his bed that night. Based on the ridiculous amount of beer Dean drank and how touchy feely he was with Cas, Sam was positive that Dean was passed out, snoring and drooling into one of his memory foam pillows. Cas was outside for whatever reason. He had been spending a lot of time outside lately and wondered if it truly had to do with his excitement about the beehive or if the angel was doing something else.
Cas spun to face Dean. “Well Dean, if you would just
As Cas walked outside to his car, his mind wandered back to Dean after Kevin’s comment earlier. In fact, his mind had been wandering to Dean quite a bit. He was easily one of the more interesting characters that he had met through his job, and had blatantly and shamelessly flirted with him. Most men were more subtle in their advances, but not Dean. Cas could see why. He couldn’t exactly imagine Dean being rejected by many men
Cas laughed. “Is it that good?”
But the angel didn’t look convinced. His sparkling blue eyes were still wide and hurt, his eyebrows still tented in confusion, wondering what he had done wrong. “C’mere, you stupid angel.” Dean said, pulling him into a hug. A surprised huff of air escaped Cas at first, but he eventually hugged Dean back. Dean heard someone clear their throat. Dean immediately dropped his arms and turned to find Sam smiling at them. Dean wanted to say something to him, but the smile on Sam’s face wasn’t teasing or snarky, and so he let it slide.
Castiel’s own whirlwind of emotions decided to take a pitstop at anger too. “You were worried about hurting Sam and I? As if finding you facedown,
“Castiel, chasing a woman around.” Dean joked. “I thought I’d never see the day.” An annoying feeling stirred within him, and he refused to acknowledge it as anything close to jealousy.
person was the reason why Dean’s garden was completely infested with a bunch of bees who were dicks. Dean started making his way towards the hives to tell his neighbor to keep the bees in his yard when he stopped himself. Not one of his brightest ideas. He didn’t have a suit and he was pretty sure it was impossible to force bees to stay anywhere because they were wild animals. Dean just huffed a frustrated sigh and hauled himself back over the fence into his yard.
. He wanted so much with Cas that he could never have, and he was torturing himself by continuously toeing at the lines he desperately wanted to cross.
But then again, every time Dean thought about having to live like this, live without having Cas in all the ways every cell in his body craved, he couldn’t breathe either. Knowing that he would never see Cas crawl out of his bed ruffled and warm made it so much harder to look him in the eyes. Knowing that he would never kiss that shy, grateful look off of Cas face when he did something sweet made his lips tremble. Knowing that Cas would never be his made Dean want to be selfish and make demands at the universe that this one time, he got what he wanted.
The resort was gorgeous. It was an oceanfront, tall white building, and Dean could tell just by looking at the parking lot and it’s
Sam had his eyes closed, his head rested against the window of the Impala. He had his iPod in his hand with earbuds crammed in his ears. Dean couldn’t exactly blame him, the older brother did have the habit of listening to the same tapes over and over again.
All that was left for Dean to do was more cleaning. He supposed the kitchen and living area could handle a little mopping, neither he nor Sam had mopped since they moved in. Dean finished off his beer and removed his feet from the table, standing up to find a bucket and mop. Generally, Sam was the cleaner of the two brothers. In fact, Sam chewed Dean out on numerous occasions complaining about his messy habits, complaining that the food in the fridge was growing bacteria not yet discovered by mankind. But something about having the bunker changed that part of Dean. Of course he always kept Baby clean, but now he found himself wanting to keep everything clean. Maybe it was the fact that he and Sam finally had a
“I know, Cas. I’m just worried. Not just about him. A lot of stuff.”
Dean’s eyes widened as looked over at Tom and he stuttered “We’re not- H-he’s not-“
“Because your hair isn’t long enough for you to be the Winter Soldier.” Dean dismissed Cas’ whining. “So, we have to put the eyeliner on so people will know who you are.”
Directly in front of him was a pretty, young girl with blonde hair that had pink streaks in it that was sitting on a table, her feet kicking childishly beneath her. She was wearing too much smudged eyeliner and based on her cheap studded belt and falling apart combat boots, Dean figured she was the girl Andrisha had been telling him about. If nothing else gave her away, the ‘Music=Life’ t-shirt would have. She grinned at Dean ferally, blowing a bubble with her gum that popped obnoxiously.
Dean watched as Cyrus took a deep breath. When he realized he was going to be questioning Sean’s late husband, he didn’t know what he was expecting. Maybe a pink house with rainbow colored furniture? Maybe he expected Cyrus to be wearing booty shorts and a crop top. He couldn’t help but think of any and all gay stereotypes that his brain could come up with. But it wasn’t like that at all. Cyrus, their house, everything was incredibly…normal. They had a nice home that looked just like any other home he had ever been in.
The demons approached Castiel. His angel blade slid from his sleeve with much effort, but he was too weak. The female demon grabbed his arm and jerked the blade away with little effort, and Castiel didn’t even have the strength to fight her. She tossed his angel blade on a nearby table marked with sigils and symbols and grabbed one arm while her companion grabbed his other. They began dragging Castiel’s body, and he attempted to focus, to absorb the layout of the building he was in so that he could plan his escape, but his vision was blurred. It was almost as though the magic being used had drugged him, and he was rendered helpless. The demons ended up dragging him to a cage the size of a small jail cell, and unceremoniously shoved him inside, closing and locking the door behind him. The cage was completely empty, even void of a small cot or seat. Castiel fell to the ground, crumpling in on himself. Despite struggling to stay conscious, he closed his eyes and let sleep take him, something that had not happened since he was human.
“We can work on those too.” Dean said inching forward. He flushed, remembering the last time he had touch Cas’ wings and how a boner would be a lot more noticeable in pajama pants instead of jeans. He could do this. He
. There was so much good in him that outweighed his flaws, even though he refused to see it in himself. Cas would gladly continue giving up everything for him as long as he continued to be this person, because Dean always made his sacrifices worth it in the end.
There is an angel introduced in this chapter by the name of Ariel. It's pronounced Are-ree-el, not Air-ree-al like the mermaid. Just a heads up!
so dangerous, right?” Dean scoffed.
Did I throw shade at people that think Dean is emotioinally stunted? ...maybe. Dean is honestly so emotional and complex, he just doesn't show it like many others do. Leave him alone.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa! It’s me!” Seb whispered urgently, raising his hands and crouching down away from the blade.
) before curling his fingers around Dean’s length and giving an experimental pump. Dean was going to need to revisit figuring out how Cas knew to do that, but instead his head just hit the mattress roughly he and focused on breathing. Holy fucking shit. Cas was jerking him off. Cas. Castiel. An angel currently had his hand on Dean’s dick. What the actual fuck was his life.
was how he had been fighting the mark. “Dean…” Cas whispered empathetically, his finger still stroking over the evidence of Dean’s coping mechanism. Castiel wanted to bring his lips to every mark, to reassure Dean that there was another way and that they would find it, together. Castiel swallowed hard, almost choking on the knot forming in his throat. Had Dean intentionally tried to take his own life or had it been an accident?
The psychopath beekeeper smiled. It was a nice smile that didn’t show on his lips as much as it showed in his big, blue eyes. He waved his hand and the bee flew away without so much as buzzing angrily. “I am. Are you interested in my honey?”
Sam slowly lied back down, his chest and shoulders still heaving rapidly while he tried to catch his breath. “Cas… did I… did I die?”
“Timothy just seemed to be the type is all.” Molly replied, smiling and stuffing her duster in her apron.
“Not with you being a nervous wreck, we can’t. Just relax Dean.” And for once in his life, Dean did just that. He didn’t need to be in control, in fact he was relieved that for once he wasn’t. The angel kissed the hunter’s neck lovingly, and began to suck gently when he stopped himself. Castiel had thought about covering Dean’s neck in bruising hickies, but it just reminded him of other times in which Dean had bruised at his hands. So instead, he wove an apology with his lips. Cas slid his zipper down with ease
“I don’t know…help?” Dean almost immediately regretted the suggestion when Cas stood up and crowded into his space in front of the counter. Cas smelled shower fresh, and that mixed with how amazing he always smelled almost had Dean drooling into the whisked eggs. He was already having a hard time not imaging Cas’ large hands wandering his wet body in the shower, now this was just torture. Dean was really glad he was standing so close to the kitchen counter and that it was able to hide the fact that his dick was trying to stir valiantly in his boxers. He regretted not getting dressed this morning. “You smell nice.” He croaked, immediately wanting to slam his head into the kitchen cabinet because he did
Dean had never sat up faster in his life. He could feel the mark dulling the pain from his broken ribs and aching head. He could feel the mark searing on his arm. He could feel the hatred and anger coursing through his veins as the mark started up with a steady mantra of
“What’s a wet dream?”
Dean felt his stomach turn uneasily. Vera didn’t seem the type to scare easily, but he, Sam, and Cas still had no idea what they were up against. “It’s dangerous.” He replied honestly.
Cas hummed. “That can be complicated.”
Dean half expected Cas to flutter out of the diner after that, but he stayed, ordering a coffee the next time the waiter came by.
Glaring at her, Crowley took in his mother’s opinion. She was right, to a certain extent, of course. During Dean’s time as a demon, he and Crowley had bonded, and Dean had been the closest thing that Crowley had to a friend for decades, possibly even hundreds of years. But Dean was no longer a demon, and his priorities were no longer the same. As soon as the mark was out of the picture, all that was left for Sam and Dean to do was go after demons,
a horror movie, Emma? This is literally the plot for some C list Blumhouse Productions film.” Mia wasn’t necessarily wrong. Their situation was straight out of one of the dumber horror movies that you would catch on the SyFy channel around Halloween. All three of them had been drinking all night in their hotel room when Bethany had gotten the bright idea to try out the internet challenge ‘Charlie, Charlie, are you there?’ Mia had come from a very superstitious New Orleans family, and wanted nothing to do with it. “I gotta stop hanging out with white people.” She muttered under her breath.
Dean tensed. “Kinda late for your lady friend to be hitting you up.”
He attempted to answer dream Cas, an apology on his lips. Even if this Cas wasn’t real, it still tugged at something in him to see the look of distress on his face that he put there. But then everything blurred and faded together before his eyes snapped open as he shot up in bed. He heaved in a breath of cold air that seared his lungs, his body shaking convulsively. He was in his real bed in his real room. And he was alone. He looked over to the spot that Cas had been taking up just moments ago, and it almost felt like he could feel the phantom warmth of the sheets from where Castiel had been curled up against him. Dean ran his fingers through his hair, pulling at the short strands. He didn’t bother fighting the tears as they came. He looked down at his watch as it beeped, alerting him of a new hour. It was two in the morning on January 24th. It was his birthday.
“Why would it be a witch?” Sam asked, taking a bite of his breakfast.
“I'm thrilled he got his wings and grace back, really, I am, but it seems like he just hasn’t seemed like himself lately. He seems flighty. And all that stuff that’s going on in heaven…”
Dean blushed and laughed despite himself. “No, I mean… what direction is this headed?” Dean knew it was probably incredibly unsexy to talk about it instead of just letting it play out, but he didn’t want to push Cas too far, and he wanted their clothes gone like yesterday.
“I have no clue if any of it’s accurate.” Sam said shrugging. “Or if the language is even written correctly. I thought in the least if it’s a bunch of bupkis, you’d at least get a kick out of it.”
“I can heal him. But I won’t be able to do it all at once, I’m not powerful enough. Whatever creature did this… it was powerful. Not just in the sense of physique, but magic as well.”
Sam paid for all three meals in cash, and since Dean was a lot less grumpy after food and four beers (Sam definitely judged him for that), he mumbled a “Thanks, Sammy.” and gave his brother a small nod, the closest thing to an accepted apology that he was getting. Dean knew he was being a moody brat, he just couldn’t stop himself. He wanted to blame his moodiness entirely on the Djinn magic completely leaving his system, but he knew better. Being in love with Cas was a huge factor because he second guessed all his interactions with him. Now that
Cas’ wings looked much better, and Dean smiled as he ran a hand through each wing, the feathers tickling his fingers. At first Cas’ had been tense and hyper focused, but after a while, he became putty in Dean’s hands. Dean was once again in the same position he had been in before, straddling Cas’ back so that he had full access to the backs of his wings. He had miraculously managed to keep his boner in check, and he was feeling sleepy and lazy. He wasn’t sure if it was because the wing care had tuckered him out or it was just the effect of the wings themselves. He had finished fixing feathers and applying antiseptic and ointment nearly fifteen minutes ago, but he couldn’t stop himself from touching Cas’ wings, from touching
. He wanted to cry from both pain and relief. He wanted to deny that Dean would ever actually do this to himself. He wanted to kiss that worried look of Dean’s face. But Castiel didn’t do any of those things. Instead, he let the kit slip from his hands, the soft fabric clattering softly against the end table and he was immediately climbing on to Dean’s bed, pulling him in for a hug.
“A little, I guess. It’s not that gay people make me uncomfortable. It’s just… I don’t fucking know, Cas.” The angel observed Dean quietly.
Cas remained quiet for a while before finally speaking up. “And why is that, Dean?”
Charlie completely freaked out during her autograph with Emma. She ranted about how much Hermione meant to her, and how much she should mean to all women for being a strong female character who wasn’t hypersexualized and was smarter than any of the male characters. At one point, she started crying, and Emma stood up and stepped around the auto table to give her a hug. Sam, Dean, and Cas just looked on and smiled as Charlie sobbed into her shoulder.
it. It had started when Sam’s girlfriend Eileen had moved into the house that Dean and his brother
Dean thought idly. Dean shoved his earbuds in before the video started. His dick had already begun to stir in interest, he was so pent up nowadays that that it didn’t take much. It’s not like he couldn’t get laid if he really wanted to, he just thought he didn’t have the energy or time to
Oh dear, it seems I got a bit meta again. Bringing up the Supernatural books and Captain America. If you didn't know, Jensen was nearly Steve Rogers (Captain America). Chris Evans kept rejecting the role multiple times but Jensen couldn't take it because of Supernatural. They eventually managed to convince Chris to take the role, which I'm thankful for, because it meant that Supernatural continued to make more seasons and I couldn't imagine anyone else playing Steve. I'm also a huge Stucky shipper, so of course if Dean was going to be Steve then Cas had to be Bucky. And Sam's hair is too fabulous for him not to be Thor.
It didn’t matter how many dates Dean went on, or how much he tried to avoid Cas in the bunker. He still always felt that magnetic pull and ended up on the couch sitting much too close while they caught up on a show or laughing way too hard at a dry joke Cas would make while doing research, or fucking melting over how clueless Cas was during the human interaction parts of a hunt. It always made Sam give Dean those
Castiel found himself smiling. Thinking about Dean had the tendency to make him do that.
. A rusalka being near America is almost unheard of, and it’s believed that they are extinct. It’s why I haven’t mentioned it. They normally lived in much colder environments, Nordic regions.”
“Of course.” Cas replied, his eyes suddenly growing wide, realizing how close they were. He let go of Dean and stood up very abruptly, seeming flustered, before offering Dean his hand to help him up. Dean took it, and Cas hauled him up like he didn’t weigh anything. “What happened, Dean?”
Blue light glowed on Cas’ palm and shot out through the Tulpa’s eyes. It let out an agonized scream before turning to dust and being blown away by the wind. Castiel rolled over on to his stomach and got up on his hands and knees, coughing. “Dean? Dean, are you okay?” He managed to get out. Dean just stared at the spot that the Tulpa had disappeared, a dazed expression on his face and a glazed look in his eyes. His eyes dropped to the blood on his hands, watching it drip from his palms as if in a trance. “Dean!”
He took another swig from the bottle. “How- I mean-when- did you…?” He stumbled over his words, convinced that they wouldn’t have been anymore coherent even if he were sober.
Cas smiled sadly. “I don’t expect you to remember. After all you had been through, it would have been too much for your soul to bare. But at first… you fought me.” He frowned. “You… you thought you deserved to be there. You didn’t think you deserved to be saved.” Cas gave him a knowing look, referring back to all those years ago when he called Dean out in the barn where they met. “But once I picked you up, you clung to me. You began to weep and wouldn’t let go. And even after all you had been through, even after all you had done in the pit, your soul was still the most beautiful thing I had ever seen.”
It wasn't a new experience for Dean. Losing people wasn't, losing
“Not quite. But you were fading. You came close.” The angel stared at him curiously before adding. “Why? Did you see something?” Sam licked his lips and shook his head. But then he groaned, pushing his hair out of his face. “I think… I think I saw heaven. Well, my heaven at least. But… is that even possible?”
. Dean wasn’t sure where this was going, but he was one hundred percent on board, especially when the back of his knees hit the bed and Cas practically shoved him onto it. Cas was a solid weight on top of him, pressing him into the mattress and invading his senses the moment Dean was laid out on the bed. Dean let out another choked off moan when Cas broke their lips apart just long enough to leave a trail of wet, hot kiss kisses down his jaw to his throat.
One thing Dean was learning about diminishing grace was that it made Cas human in more ways than just needing sleep. A couple of drinks in, and Cas was clearly tipsy. Dean would be lying if he claimed he wasn’t himself, but he was too enamored by Cas being tipsy to enjoy his own buzz. The bartender kept shooting them curious glances, but the bar was so large that she made herself scarce to give them privacy, and Dean was incredibly grateful.
My inbox is slammed right now, but I promise to respond to everyone soon!
at them, Sam.” Dean was now laughing at something Cas was saying, all smiles, his eyes creasing in the corners. With the mark, and Charlie dying, and Rowena escaping, and the constant shit they were always dealing with, Sam rarely saw that look on Dean’s face.
Charlie shrugged. “No clue. No one’s dragged me back so I’m assuming he really did get permission.”
Vera was barely able to drag her gaze from Dean, but eventually reluctantly looked over at Sam, her blue eyes slipping from interested to bored. “A lot of people dock here, but I own the entire marina.” She replied confidently. She shot the man on the boat a dirty look. “And my brother Ivan works for me. I noticed a fishing net caught in
to. We don’t
Dean gave Cas one more smile and drifted off to sleep.
“Do you know how long I’ve waited to do this?” Cas growled in his ear.
“Yes! I’ll show you which one she is.” The slender, manicured fingers of one of her hands wrapped around his left wrist and she began pulling him to the end of the dock.
A door to their left banged open and Dean’s heart leapt in his throat only to drop when it wasn’t Sam or Cas. “Sebastian, we have a problem.” The new vampire spoke urgently, strolling up to his leader. “Winchester brought the angel…and he’s coming.” Seb turned to Dean, narrowing his eyes.
“Well, the last time I had sex I got stabbed and killed just a few hours later. I vastly preferred this time.”
need to go to the liquor store and to grab food, but he had also been thinking about what to get Cas while he was on the couch and had finally come up with an idea. He was pretty sure it was a really dumb and a little cheesy, but he knew Cas would like it. After doing research he couldn’t believe he would actually be able to get everything he needed at Walmart. He was so focused on the gift that he almost busted his ass when his boot came down on an icy patch of snow outside the bunker, but he played it off and piled into Baby like nothing happened.
Dean slapped his hand to his forehead and then pinched the bridge of his nose.
Dean stared at Sam with wide, unfocused eyes. He worked his jaw a few times, trying to force himself to say something. “I…” He started, but words failed him.
Cas just watched them, now leaning against the hood of the Impala. He was relieved to be back on earth. He had the angels searching for an angel in particular that had chosen not to return to Heaven the search was not going well, and he had reason to believe she may have information on the Mark of Cain.
“Dean, there are things I see in you that I’ve never seen in another being. Angels, demons, other humans, they all fail in comparison to you. There are entire galaxies in your eyes, entire constellations in the freckles on your skin. I have seen so much in the centuries since my creation, and none of it has left me nearly as breathless as you have.”
When he logged into the website, he cursed angrily. The credit card he had been using for his membership had been declined, probably canceled by its real owner. Which meant that half of the website was closed to him, and only a few videos were available. He could easily pull out one of the many fake credit cards he had, but he was already comfy and didn’t feel like getting up and digging through his jeans for his wallet, so the standard pornos were going to have to work tonight. Nothing fancy or nothing kinky.
“It’s no problem, man. We’ve all been there. That machine was a pain in my ass when I first started working here, but now I could change it in the dark. Didn’t you say you’re new to Lawrence on Tuesday? How are you liking it so far?” Kevin asked, squeezing a large dollop of hand sanitizer into his hands.
He had his belt off and constricted around his arm, able to find a vein in a matter of moments. He stared at the syringe. What did he have to lose? Besides, he was just trying it out to see if it would still calm him while baring the Mark. He took a deep breath and stuck the needle in his arm and slowly injected the light blue liquid. Dean felt the effects immediately. A euphoric feeling washed over him and the feeling of crawling out of his skin he had been experiencing all night disappeared. Dean removed the needle and undid his belt on his arm, sinking back into his memory foam mattress.
This was one of Dean’s favorite things about Castiel. He loved and appreciated every single one of God’s creations, right down to the extra fluffy cow that was currently grazing in North Carolina. It was damn right
“I’m too drunk for all that history talk right now.” Dean said with a smirk. His eyes widened when he realized his finger was pressed against Castiel’s lips, and they both stared at each before Sam cleared his throat. Dean removed his finger quickly, blushing. Castiel smiled at how Dean’s freckles burst against his reddened skin.
Dean hated malls. He hated crowds. He hated holidays. He hated that it had decided to snow right when he, Sam, and Cas piled into the Impala to go shopping at the last minute. He hated that people couldn’t fucking drive in snowy weather, and he hated how Baby’s under carriage was currently getting pelted with the salt off the roads. He hated that Sam and Cas were cool and collected about Christmas and how they didn’t understand why he was being so tense. He hated that he had forgotten about Christmas and now Jody, Donna, Alex, and Claire already had plans. He hated that he had no idea what to get Cas and hated that it mattered so much. He was pretty sure he could pick Cas a random dandelion and Cas would be pleased. Dean especially hated how that was dangerously close to thinking about giving Cas flowers, and hated even more that he blushed so hard he got distracted and had to slam on the brakes so he wouldn’t rear end someone. Dean hated the strain that it put on Baby’s brakes and hated the look that Sam gave him. Dean hated everything.
“He had to leave.” Castiel responded casually, taking a sip of his beer.
Sam and Dean were in the kitchen fixing sandwiches to pair with the fresh, hand cut, and seasoned fries Dean had made. Cas was sitting at the table watching them (well, glaring at Dean), and refusing to eat. Much to Sam’s amusement, Cas had started doing this petty thing where he was refusing to eat any of Dean’s cooking because he was obviously feeling ignored, but Dean was too stupid to realize it. It only pissed Dean off, and they both ended up making passive aggressive comments at one another. It drove Sam crazy, but he was going to give it another few days before he intervened.
“Hey, Sammy.”
“Charlie.” Dean replied softly, sadness showing in his eyes. “Charlie would have absolutely loved this place. It’s pretty ironic that they ghost we’re hunting is named Charlie.” Sam wanted to flinch at the bitterness in his voice, but at least they were able to finally mention Charlie without arguing or one of them blaming themselves or each other.
Sam laughed. “Nah. You, being positive? I’ll take it when I can get it.”
Castiel. And sure, his eyes did linger on Cas’ a little too long. He had given Cas more chances that he would give most. He did spend a lot of time with Cas. But Cas was his best
Cas sat the dish down, a disgruntled sigh escaping from his lips. “If I choose to leave heaven, I’ll be cut off from its heavenly grace...
Cas opened his mouth to say something but snapped it shut before observing Dean carefully. “It wouldn’t take much of my grace, Dean.”
The man grinned, his perfect white teeth beaming in the light of the greenroom. “That would be me. Nice costume, man.” He outstretched his arm to shake Dean’s hand.
Dean couldn’t help it, and burst into a fit of laughter. Cas watched him curiously, his eyes a little unfocused. He raised a questioning eyebrow. “Sorry, it’s just… do you know how long I’ve been doing this? Hunting? Hunters almost
“Jerry!” She responded excitedly. Sam winced slightly, remembering that Dean had insisted they use completely false names due to the FBI academy and military base in town. “I hope you and Timothy slept well?”
“Dean.” Castiel said slowly, and as calmly as his nerves would allow. Dean was getting twitchy and avoiding his eyes. “I… I know. About the Djinn magic. You… you overdosed.”
“Seriously, Cas?” Dean shot him an annoyed look. “I’ve told you, I’m
But Cas? Oh god, with Cas it was a completely different,
“There’s a case here?” He asked, looking stricken.
He decided to click on a video of a chesty woman giving a blowjob.
His bad day improved a little from there. The seemingly continuous stream of customers lightened up at around 11am, and he took his lunch break. Afraid to even try to start his car, he was relieved to find a little restaurant at the end of the block that he could walk to. The restaurant, whose menu fell somewhere between a cafe and deli, had one of the best peanut butter and jelly sandwiches he had ever had. All the ingredients were homemade or locally made, and they even drizzled local honey on it. His lunch paired with his perfectly made macchiato put him in a significantly better mood and he clocked back into work feeling more positive about the how the rest of the day would go.
“He means you’re not quite human.” Vera replied, shoving his throat down aggressively before releasing her grip. Dean’s head went under water for a second and he came up coughing indignantly.
Cas searched Dean’s eyes. “Amongst other things.” He said quietly. Castiel was a selfish being at times, but he wasn’t nearly selfish enough to confess to Dean that he had no interest in dating unless Dean was involved. He knew that Dean would never return his feelings, so there was no need to revel in selfish proclamations of love.
nice thing without those sons of bitches ruining it.” Sam was downright cackling now, and Dean vowed to pee in his favorite expensive conditioner the next time he visited. They had finished unloading all of Dean’s furniture from the rented U-Haul a few hours earlier and had been drinking ever since. Sober Sam had showed concern over Dean’s bee sting. He had done plenty of Googling to insure Dean that most of the swelling should be down tomorrow if he kept taking Benadryl and kept applying Sting Eze. Sober Sam was a great internet fueled nurse. But drunk Sam? Drunk Sam thought the whole thing was hilarious.
Sam Winchester had seen his big brother in quite a few incriminating circumstances in all of their years together, but none quite like the one he came across a few hours later.
“So, you said one of these boats are yours?” Dean asked, unable to contain his smile when Vera’s face lit up.
Dean bit his lip. “Not really, Cas. But seriously, it’s not that big of a deal, I’m just-”
“But it’s not dark in here.” Dean sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose between his index finger and thumb.
A waitress dropped a cup of tea off to Ariel, greeting her in a way that Castiel knew she frequented the establishment. Ariel thanked her in perfect, fluent Japanese and waited until she walked away before continuing the conversation. “I suppose you’ve finally found out what your boy toy was doing to stop the mark?” She quirked an eyebrow and gave him an amused smirk as she sat her tea down and tucked her hair behind her ear.
“Oh.” Cas said, easily redirected. “I’m not sure.” He raised his martini glass to squint at the golden liquid inside it. It had an honest to god little umbrella sticking out of it, and fruit mixed in with the ice. Dean knew better than to try and lecture Cas on something like “girly drinks” when social gender norms weren’t even on his radar. “I just thought it looked nice.”
“Do you think this will actually help us solve the case?” Sam asked skeptically. “We don’t have a lot to go on here at all.”
The blonde stood up straight, all curves and self-assured sexiness and Dean was practically drooling. Something about the cut offs with boots and the tight white v neck with a visible dark purple bra underneath was really doing something for him. She confidently hopped from the boat to the dock and took a rag from her back pocket, wiping oil from her hands before extending one to introduce herself. “Vera. What can I do for you, detective?”
(See the end of the chapter for
need a ride home, but his little apartment with a mattress on the floor wasn’t exactly set up for that kind of company, even if Dean didn’t really seem to be the type to care. Something didn’t feel right about bringing Dean back to his place to fuck him into the mattress when he didn’t even have his number. Someone like Dean deserved to be treated better than that.
those were a part of the mint family, but she insisted that he get some because they attracted honey bees, and bees were the foundation of a flourishing garden.
Dean felt his face heat up, not even thinking about how the tiki bar was next to the pool and how they probably cleaned the pool late at night, but before he could think of something clever to say, Cas grabbed him by the wrist and jerked him out of seat and started pulling him towards the lobby elevators. Dean’s skin was buzzing like the no vacancy sign out front, vibrating with so many emotions he was trying to keep in check. He wasn’t going to let himself think about it, about what this meant. Not yet.
think what was happening. Before he could even register what was going on, he was inside and Cas was closing the door behind them, tossing the keycard in the general direction of the kitchen table and once again pulling Dean in. This time Dean completely melted into the kiss, wrapping his arms around Cas’ neck while Cas’ big, strong hands stroked down his sides before resting on his hips. Dean’s brain started firing off thoughts of it’s own when he realized Cas was slowly backing him backwards towards their bedroom, and
and drinking heavily liquored eggnog and their gingerbread milkshakes. Dean and Cas were on the couch and Sam had chosen to sit on the ground with his back against the couch between the two of them. Dean tried not to think about how this forced them to sit further apart than they probably had in years. They had just gotten done stuffing their faces with greasy, overcooked fries and corndogs from Sonic and were all feeling lazy. Dean noted that Cas loved the milkshake, and Sam absolutely
of the men that are staying at the inn. What if the common ground was that all the victims were gay? It makes sense. I’m sure that some people were already here earlier on for the parade if it’s that big of a deal.”
“Because I thought it would be obvious that that’s cheating!” Dean wanted to keep up the teasing argument, but someone tapped him on the shoulder.
It’s often thought of over and over again until the idea is honed… all talented hands, skilled lips, and rehearsed dirty talk. Dean Winchester was no exception to the practiced daydream. He imagined himself being charming and smooth, confident and experienced. I mean, what could go wrong? He had imagined Castiel moaning his name just as many times as he had actually made women scream it out. When the time came, he would have it completely thought out. It would be perfect.
get rewarded. I know she thinks she’s thanking the FBI, but it’s just...funny. I’m practically an old man at this point, and this is the first time I think I’ve ever been thanked like this.”
“Dean!” Sam yelled, a prissy, bitchy look on his face. He was eating his own burger in the passenger seat and had clearly realized Dean wasn’t listening. “Have you heard a word I’ve said?”
Dean ignored him, opening the door to their penthouse and slamming it harder than necessary. He pressed his back against the door and took a few steadying breaths, trying to even out his rapid, panicked breathing. He knew Sam’s heart was in the right place, but that didn’t mean Sam was right. It was a risk he wasn’t willing to take; it could ruin everything. He, Sam, and Cas were a family. If he was wrong, it could destroy everything they had built together. Cas wasn’t just Dean’s best friend, but Sam’s too. Fucking up and making a move would ruin everything for everyone involved, and not even Dean was that selfish.
“We close to the bunker?” He mumbled, cracking his knuckles.
“So it’s not a big deal?” Cas asked curiously.
, it’s all I could focus on. I didn’t even notice he was a vampire because just like so many times before, I couldn’t take my eyes off of your soul.”
Dean woke up, groaning slightly. His head felt foggy, but through the brain fog he realized that he had gotten out of bed at some point in the night and undressed down to his boxers. He rubbed his eyes and went to sit up, but a warm, firm arm snaked around his waist and pulled him in closer to whoever it belonged to. What the fuck? Could Djinn juice make someone sleep walk? Did he pick someone up at a bar and go home with them? He tried to turn to see who the arm belonged to, but before he could, a small, sleepy kiss was planted on the back of his neck and a pleading voice rumbled “Five more minutes, Dean.” Dean froze. That was Cas’ gravel on sandpaper voice. That was Cas’ arm wrapped around him lovingly. That was Cas’ chest up against his back, Cas’ lips against his neck. That was Cas’
the one that you rebelled for, after all. None of the Garrisons were able to stop talking about it. The things I heard on angel radio…” She smiled teasingly. “Though I suppose that’s besides the point. You want to be able to remove the mark from your human, and it’s impossible.” Castiel didn’t correct her when she referred to Dean as his, he was too selfish to. Cas opened his mouth, but Ariel interrupted him. “Besides… I’m not supposed to speak of these things. I may have left Heaven once I realized our Father had left, but it’s still my job as angel to protect Heaven and its angels. Removing the mark can be dangerous, and I cannot provide you with information that could put others in danger.”
Dean had never felt his face grow hotter in his entire life. “Oh wow, shut the fuck up, Cas.” He snapped angrily. Cas just rolled his eyes, crawling out of bed and smoothing the wrinkles out of his shirt.
show?” Dean shrugged sheepishly, grinning slightly. “This isn’t a show Dean, it’s our life. We almost got killed.”
he’s letting
Castiel hadn’t had much of a reaction when Dean admitted to liking both men and women, because sexuality was irrelevant to angels. Few angels had sex, and the ones that did were rarely bothered by trivial human matters, but now that Castiel knew that Dean could potentially be attracted to
Everyone has their idea for the perfect first time.
Cas felt his lips pull into a barely-there smile. “I’m always going where I’m needed.” He replied. “For once… I’m staying where I’m wanted.”
“You and Sam are more than capable of handling a malevolent spirit, Dean. But I’ll check in tomorrow, if you would like for me to.”
Dean wasn’t lying when he said the Gas-N-Sip was the closest gas station to his house, and he would definitely be stopping by more knowing Cas worked there. But Cas was definitely a little strange, and he did want to get a better feel of him before straight up asking for his number, just in case he misjudged the situation.
“I know you are.” Sam interrupted.
“I am texting Claire.” Cas frowned down at his phone screen. “I would like to get her something for Christmas, but she will not tell me what she would like.”
Castiel knew what he was about to ask was inappropriate, but he couldn’t stop himself. “You could sleep here, if you wanted, Dean.”
or something else he pathetically wanted.
The statement that Cas says to the Tulpa is a very loosely Enochian translation of Romas 16:20 "The God of peace will soon crush Satan under your feet. The grace of our Lord Jesus be with you."
Castiel’s eyes widened to the size of saucers. “What?! No. I… I can’t do that Sam. I… I don’t know the first thing about love. And I’m pretty sure Dean’s sexual orientation is heterosexual, and my vessel is male, and-“
Dean took a sip from his beer and shook his head. “You get the feeling that him working cases has just been an excuse for him to get the hell out of Heaven?” He asked Sam. Sam sighed.
But Cas didn’t punch him. Instead, he relaxed into Dean’s touch, and there was that odd pull that they always shared surging between them. Dean was full blown trembling when he directed Cas to line his cue up with the cue ball, and he was both shocked and a little confused as to why Cas wasn’t commenting on how bad he was shaking. “Like this, Cas.” He said hoarsely, his voice not even sounding like his own in his ears.
“If you say so.” Rowena snorted, tossing a red lock behind her shoulders.
Dean froze. “What, is it a crime to make breakfast now?” Dean growled, pretending that his brother’s accusation wasn’t spot on and the kitchen counter wasn’t messy and covered with breakfast ingredients.
Crowley sighed and smirked. “I knew there was a reason I kept you alive, mother.”
could help. All he would have to do was ask. Leaning against his car, Dean cleared his throat and thought for a minute. He shook his head and took another swig. He couldn’t call Castiel. The last time they spoke hadn’t ended on terms that allowed him to just call in a favor. Castiel had admitted to feeling used, feeling like the only time Dean ever called on him was when he needed a quick fix to a sticky situation. Dean winced at the thought of Cas feeling like that. It wasn’t true. Not intentionally at least. He enjoyed Cas’ company, but it wasn’t exactly like he could call him down from heaven whenever he wanted so they could have a few beers. Neither of their schedules, neither of their lives could possibly allow that.
Dean huffed a frustrated sigh. It irritated him that Cas wouldn’t tell him what was going on, but it irritated him even more to know that he had picked that trait up from Dean himself. His eyes scanned up and down over Cas. He didn’t seem hurt, so it couldn’t be that serious.
“I understand, Dean. There’s no need to explain yourself. I’m dealing with heaven. You’re dealing with earth. There’s a lot going on that’s outside of our control. We should be focusing on that, not my petty feelings of-“ his eyebrows furrowed and he looked down “-whatever this is.” Dean tried to keep a straight face, but felt his lips turn up into a smirk. Sometimes he forgot how much Castiel had changed, how much he had learned in his few agonizing years since stepping foot on earth. Something about him learning new emotions, and trying to place them was charming. Castiel looked back up at Dean, he looked tired.
Dean was suddenly brought back from daydreaming by the panicked look on Cas’ face. Apparently, he was not pleased with Claire’s response and Dean grinned at him curiously, wondering if she had asked him for condoms or something. “So, what does she want?”
“Hello, Dean.” Cas gritted out. Was it too much to ask of the universe for him to run into Dean when he wasn’t exhausted and frustrated, and smelling like artificial sugar while wearing a Gas-N-Sip vest? “It would appear that I am.”
So maybe that’s not what Sam was listening to.
“I, uh…” Dean’s eyes searched the room nervously, before resting on a scuff on the table. “I have it set up for men too.” He very pointedly refused to look up at either Sam or Cas.
Cas narrowed his eyes at Dean. Dean stood up, uncomfortable trying to reposition himself in his jeans while being subtle about it. Apparently he wasn’t subtle enough, because Cas’ eyes were immediately drawn to his crotch. The angel actually
Dean shrugged shyly and fought to keep the small smile off his face. “We don’t have many friends left, Cas. Might as well try to bring everyone together and do something nice for them.” Dean turned his back to Cas to adjust the temperature on the stove.
“I’m busy tonight.” He turned to the man and gestured to Cas. “But let me give you my number, and maybe I can take you up on that offer some other time.”
to stay at the bunker,
Ariel took a sip of her coffee and stared at her plate for a moment. She finally met Castiel’s gaze again, her light brown eyes tender. “I may have left Heaven long ago, but the angels are still my family.
Castiel and Ariel spent most of the night (or evening in local time) in Bora Bora attempting to track Gabriel. Due to having their wings back, the travel was fast work, but Gabriel apparently did not want to be found if he was truly still alive. Ariel had still been hesitant to reach out to Gabriel, but she and Castiel both agreed the timing was right. They needed to try and find the truth before any more suspicious activity attracted the other angels and the rumor spread that Gabriel could still be alive.
Dean stood up quickly, placing his beer on the coffee table and rubbing his sweaty palms against his jeans. Sometimes Cas having no social grace was funny, sometimes it was handy, but at times like this it was unbearable. “Wanna go down to the bar?”
“I’m proving you wrong. Get in the car. We’re going to ask Bobby.” Dean tried to ignore how his words slurred.
“I’m calling bullshit.” Dean growled. “It would have scared the shit out of me because you could have been allergic. I’m telling you, you’ve never been stung by a bee in your life.”
The ceiling of the bunker was far too low, and Cas couldn’t expand his wings fully while standing without them crashing into the walls and roof. They were a silky black that shined beautifully with this strange iridescent gold that only seemed visible when the light would catch them, and Dean was in awe over just how stunning they were… and he was getting to see them. In person. He was going to get to
“So what are you thinking? Someone died a violent death in the hotel and decided to come back and take it out on all the dudes staying there?”
An anger, a possessiveness like Castiel had never felt before immediately surged through him like fire, his eyes glowing ethereal blue with with grace, the whole cave lighting up with it as his hands shook. Vera immediately hissed in pain, the light far too much for her scaled form. She scrambled off of Dean to dive into the shelter of the dark water, and all it took was one flap of his wings for Castiel to immediately be at Dean’s side now that he knew exactly where he was.
it. As much as he tried to convince himself that he didn't, it was often the first thing that would pop into his mind when he was jerking off, and even a couple of times during sex with women. He blamed it on the alcohol. Blamed it on young age (even though he was in his mid-twenties) and stupid decisions. But the next day when he woke up in the back of the Impala, hungover and exhausted, it didn’t matter how he attempted to rationalize it, it still happened. He had fucked around with a guy. And he wanted to do it again. He ended up stumbling out of his car to throw up, not sure if it was because of the hungover or the disgust he felt towards himself.
“Okay, Grumpy Greg. Try asking a little nicer next time.”
“Hmm, that definitely seemed like a more painful break than the ulna bone.” Magus said to Natasha clinically, pivoting in his backless rolling chair. “Make a note of that.” Natasha grimaced and looked pale but picked up the dry eraser marker to make note of the newest injury on the board, intentionally wheeling it in front of her line of vision as if blocking the view would block out what was happening. Magnus prodded at the splintered bone, ignoring Castiel’s whimpers of pain. He twisted the broken bone, carefully watching Castiel’s facial expression. “You know, I expected a lot of things from an angel. But you? You haven’t been what I’ve expected since day one. You’re so very
Dean was slightly surprised that Cas gave her a small smile. “Thank you. It was a Christmas present from Dean.”
Molly bent over slightly, using her feather duster to dust off an antique clock in the hallway. “Are you and Timothy here in Quantico for the parade?”
“You seem to… be having a hard time answering our questions, Mr. Anderson.” Cas tried. “Why don’t you just tell us about your husband, Sean?”
The realization crept over Dean swiftly and he sighed. “Who's the girl?”
Taking a few calming breaths, Dean chugged the entire glass. It burned, but helped loosen the knot in his throat a little. Suddenly, he heard a whooshing sound behind him. His heartbeat sped up, knowing immediately what it was, who it was. He turned around.
Sam knocked again but didn’t allow Dean enough time to answer before opening the door cautiously. “It’s already nine in the morning. What the hell are you still doing in bed?” He asked, his voice concerned. Dean was sure his facial expression probably matched his tone, but he wasn’t coming out of his burrito to find out.
Dean sat up in bed, scrubbing a hand through his hair in frustration. The mark flared up angrily at his irritation and he ignored it. He had never really put much thought into sexuality. He had had sex with women (mostly) so he just figured he was straight. But while Dean certainly wasn’t the politically correct person there was, he also knew that it was a little bit more complicated than that. It was scary to admit it, so he never did, but he was just as attracted to men as he was women. All the sex that he had with women didn’t erase the fact that men got his engine revving just as easily whenever he would actually let them.
Dean whipped into the turning lane that lead to the Walmart up ahead, cutting someone off and then flipping them off when they honked.
The employee entered a door behind the counter and soon returned holding three costumes. Sam spotted a Captain America shield and Thor’s hammer, and really tried not to scoff at how Dean immediately reached for the costume attached to the shield. The other costume was buried under Captain America and Thor. “I’m pretty sure that Thor is the only costume that’ll fit you, big guy.” The employee said to Sam.
Castiel rolled his eyes at the term ‘boy toy’. The more time they spent together, the more often Ariel teased him about Dean. He knew that it was friendly, and that they had even spent enough time now for Ariel to consider him a friend, but Dean was always the focal point of her teasing and never failed to mention just how fascinating she thought Castiel’s relationship with Dean was. Ariel had always admired humans, but never took the time to form relationships with them like Castiel had.
“Jesus, Seb. You scared the shit out of me.” Dean growled lowly, a little embarrassed.
“Kiss me.” The words were out of Dean’s mouth before he could process them. His voice was pleading and hopeful, and it sent Cas over the edge.
“Are you uncomfortable because all the victims are gay?” Cas asked the question so innocently. It wasn’t in the way that Sam would have asked it. It wasn’t teasing in the least bit, and when Dean looked up to see wide, interested blue eyes, he found himself replying in spite of his will not to as he pulled out of the driveway.
“I thought you said we can’t do this…?”
Dean had a moment of panic (what the fuck was he
I'm very nearly done replying to everyone's comments on here. I let my inbox get completely out of hand. Anyway, I just wanted to thank each and every one of you. I know this is a sloooow burn, so it means a lot that so many people are holding on and continue to read and comment on this fic. Your feedback means the world to me! I don't intentionally avoid messages, I just get overwhelmed easily. Just please know you're loved and appreciated. <3
He wanted to go to Castiel’s house and complain, but that meant actually
So, this chapter has quite a few POV changes, but you should be able to easily keep up with them because like always, the wing page dividers separate the changes.
Suddenly, Dean felt two hands cupping his face. Dean’s face was cradled in Cas’ hands, the angel now kneeling between his knees, his blue eyes a beacon in Dean’s blacking out vision. He was speaking but Dean couldn’t hear anything over the ringing in his ears.
Dean licked his lips in nervousness. “Yeah, I’m coming.”
“Dean.”
Hey, at least this chapter was some progress in the right direction... right? The "time lapse" (for lack of better term) was actually going to be a series of small events spread out through multiple chapters, but I figured you guys would rather be tortured a little less and actually see progress between Dean and Cas instead of reading more angst about Dean's dating life and him slipping into his his addiction. By doing it this way, it moved the fic forward a lot. In the next chapter an old "friend" returns. More than one, actually.
Dean shook his head in frustration. “You’re not just needed here. You’re
Dean felt like he was on the brink of crumbling, like any one of Cas’ touches would turn him to dust. He kissed his angel more feverishly,
Sam exhaled loudly. “Yeah, I’m not buying it. I’ve seen you take on a skinwalker with walking pneumonia. It’s your birthday, and I know you hate when people make a big deal out of it, but you should at least leave your room. Cas asked me to check on you. You never sleep in this late.”
you have to be to have black wings. Michael and Lucifer’s wings may be black because they’re dicks, but yours are black because you
“Call us whatever you want, but just know that you’re at our mercy, Dean
“No, I haven’t, because he doesn’t! His wings are just fucked up and he needs my help to fix them. So, if you’ll move out of my fucking way, that’s exactly what I’m going to do.” Dean shoved past Sam one last time, being much more forceful than he actually needed to be. Dean knew he was being childish, but just the thought that Sam might be right had him panicking. There was no way Cas felt the same, and to go into this thinking of it any other way would be disastrous. Dean was getting too close. No longer toeing at that line, but attempting to step over it now, and he needed to stop before he started hurting even more than he already had.
“Castiel.” Dean tried out the name, and liked the way it felt on his tongue. It was an odd name, but Castiel seemed like an odd guy, and it was definitely hotter than Steve. “Well, Castiel, you must be new here. This is the closest gas station to my house, so I come here a lot, and I’ve never seen you here before. I think I would remember a handsome guy like you.”
Sam had fallen asleep a couple of hours into research, and Dean convinced him to go to bed before his drool ruined a page in an ancient Men of Letters book. That left Dean and Cas flipping through the archives, rereading material that they already knew like the back of their hands.
A few hours later, and Cas and Sam were setting the table while Dean made multiple trips back and forth to the kitchen for his turkey, stuffing, green beans, and cranberry sauce. He sat the last plate down when they heard a knock at the door. Dean rubbed his hands together and licked his lips while admiring his food for a moment before bounding up the stairs to open the door for everyone. Donna had drove out to Jody’s so that they could all arrive together, and it definitely worked for the better because they were both making Alex and Claire help carry the food. Dean helped set the food up before pulling them each into a hug, one by one. A giant grin on his face. Everyone hugged him back, even Claire, even though she rolled her eyes doing it. She then let go of Dean to hug Sam before noticing Cas staring at her.
“It’s the warding.” Cas answered, distracting Dean from the dark, guilty thoughts his mind was going to. It immediately gave Dean new purpose. Even though the mark was angry and pulsing rapidly, Dean was able to think past it and focus on Cas. He didn’t know how because normally nothing was louder than the mark, but Cas was just so easy to focus on.
“Ariel, I know what you were in Heaven.” Cas responded imploringly. “Your job was to provide protection for God and all of Heaven. The mark was considered a threat, if anyone would’ve been given information about it, it would have been you.”
He would have completely bypassed the holiday without blinking an eye had it not been for Cas. He found the angel in the den with a neglected book in his lap while he texted away on his phone. Dean glared at the phone, wondering who in the hell Cas could be texting so adamantly when he was lucky if Cas sent him an emoji in response. It was probably
Ross smirked back knowingly. “Hey, what can I say? Sometimes when life gets me down, I need a little pick me up.”
Dean suddenly pulled away from Cas’ touch, visibly squirming and leaving Castiel wondering what he had done wrong. Dean avoided his eyes. “I don’t know, Cas…it’s kinda weird.” Castiel just looked at Dean expectantly, encouragingly. Dean sighed and bit his lip, his face flushing. Whatever it was made him feel embarrassed, and Castiel’s curiosity only grew. “Um, well, it started a little while after you left.” He was back to picking at the fuzz on the comforter. “I…I was worried, okay?” He glanced back at Cas uncertainly before glaring back at the fuzz. “I thought you were gone for good. That I had finally done something to permanently push you away. I was praying to you and you weren’t answering. I was calling you and you weren’t picking up. And it never even crossed my mind that you weren’t responded to me because you
Dean had not thought this through. He realized that as Cas began stripping his trench coat and suit jacket, and then quickly began working on the buttons of his shirt once he hung them on the coat rack Dean had gotten for him. Cas was completely focused on the task at hand, watching himself unbutton each button one at a time. Dean’s knees were weak. His mouth was dry. And he was trying very, very hard to keep his thoughts appropriate.
“Not really. The guy I was talking to at the bar, he was a hunter too. He’s here for the same thing. What about you?”
It's not that Dean thought that two dudes fooling around was wrong. It was just one more thing that was too heavy for
They quickly realized that they were in the green room for the actors, artists, and writers that were present at the convention. There was a young woman cowering in the corner near a vanity, the bodyguards surrounding her, looking concerned.  Cas tossed them their cop badges and they quickly approached, informing the body guards that they were undercover police officers, providing Noah’s number if he needed to contact their superior.
“That sounds a bit…bleak, Cas. But maybe Tuesdays are just permanently ruined for me.” He chuckled lightly, but couldn’t fight back the curiosity he felt creeping up on him. “But that’s not
“I’m not
“Are you referring to masturbation?”
“You’re just too sweet, Mr. Melbourne!” Molly’s husband shot Dean a look of pure disdain as she handed Dean two room keys. “Your room will be number 308, it’s on the third floor. If you need anything at all, just let me or Doug here know!” Dean nodded, thanking Molly, and giving her husband Doug a curt nod.
“Hey, Jody.” Sam answered, pushing his hair out of his face as he stood up straight. Dean immediately looked over curiously.
Dean thought.
“Oh yeah?” Dean said, trying to appear casual. He chugged the whiskey in his cup, and poured himself another glass. He brought it up to his lips, but instead handed it to Cas. To Dean’s surprise, Castiel took the glass as he grabbed another one for himself. “You wanna elaborate on that?”
Castiel sighed in defeat. “We’re doing this in my room. It’s larger because it has fewer items of furniture.” He muttered.
“I didn’t say I wanted to buy anything.” Dean replied sternly, narrowing his own eyes. “And just so you know, the whole thing about ‘cops can’t lie about being cops’ is a total myth. They don’t have to tell you shit.”
“The case, Dean.” Cas suddenly reminded him. Dean jumped a little and nodded. Cas was squinting at him and Dean gave him a quizzical look before turning back to Ricardo.
Cas smiled at him. “You’re cooking is very palatable. It tasting like molecules is the least of my worries.”
But finding out how Castiel felt would be harder. Cas acted towards Dean the same way that Dean acted towards him, but Dean was also the one that had been teaching Cas how to be essentially human for years. Of course, Cas would act like Dean and mimic his behavior, mirroring what he had learned. Monkey see, monkey do (not that Sam intentionally meant to compare Cas to a monkey). It would be difficult to tell which responses to their relationship were sincerely Cas’, and which were Dean’s responses that Cas was simply copying.
Sam slid down the armchair of the couch so that he was sitting on the floor like his brother and Cas. “You know Gerald? The hunter I helped with the wendigo awhile back? He came across it in a witch’s house a couple of days ago. He was going to keep it, but it’s all Greek to him. I had him drive out and meet me at the mall the other day and give it to me, but I decided it might be a pretty cool Christmas gift. He called me last night to remind me to let him know if it was actually a cool find or a load of shit.”
All of their leads ran cold as the hours slipped by. If Gabriel was still alive, he was either no longer in Bora Bora, or he was in hiding.
“Thank you for meeting with me.” Cas stated, adjusting his trench coat a little awkwardly. “Hasdiel informed me that you were hesitant.”
Dean was finally going to get to relax. His car was fixed, his brother was going to help him finish moving in, and he was finally going to get his hands dirty and add some color to the blank canvas that was his backyard. It was going to be perfect.
Seb grinned. “I just thought the famous Dean Winchester would be smarter than this.”
Cas’ eyes dropped. “This is my fault.”
Dean’s eyes immediately shot up to glare daggers through Cas, but the moment their eyes met, he lost some of his composure. Cas’ eyes were so fucking blue, and he was really mastering that pathetic puppy look that he was apparently picking up from Sam. “Do you know how fucked up it is to lie about something like that? Especially after what happened the last time you and Sam were keeping shit from me?” Dean
had ever looked at him like he mattered so much, especially not during sex. Sex was always just a means to an end, but Dean could already tell that this was going to be different for both he and Cas.
“So, am I allowed to order nachos or are you going to judge me for it again?” He said to Cas with an easy smile, sliding onto a barstool. Cas sat on the barstool next to him. At least Cas was wearing his hoodie again, it made him look a little less out of place at the bar than his trench coat would have. He rotated between the two, and Dean wasn’t sure which one he liked better.
“Me too.” Dean answered honestly. “But I’ve gotta go.” Seb nodded, looking at Dean sadly. “I’ll call you if I figure out anything about the vamp nest.” He added, suddenly feeling very guilty and like he had led the guy on.
reminded himself that he was getting too close to his breaking point, and then went and basically tried to dry hump Cas and then hold hands with him? He shook his head and walked over the balcony rail, flexing the fingers of his right hand and feeling a drop of blood escape from the broken skin.
Looking over his shoulder to make sure that Cas or Sam hadn’t snuck on him at some point, he closed the lid to the chest and high tailed it to his bedroom, the vials in tow. This was probably an astronomically bad idea, but it was
Dean made it three days. He made it three days before it was too much, and he grabbed a needle. Sam was gone, inevitably on some hunt being pissed at how weird Dean had been over the past couple of days. Cas was outside, tending to his bees or something equally endearing that made Dean’s heart ache. Dean’s hands were shaking so bad that the first couple of drops of Djinn juice missed the syringe entirely and hit the floor like silent raindrops. He grimaced, willing his hands to steady long enough to just get this over with. He didn’t want to do it. Not again. But everything
to you to save him, and it took you this long?”
. The other angels constantly had something negative to say about Cas, constantly commenting that he wasn’t good at being an angel, or wasn’t good enough to be one. Dean thought they had it completely backwards. Castiel was the
“Don’t ever stop being so amazing, Castiel.” Dean half-joked playfully before turning on his heel and heading for the kitchen. Castiel turned back to Sam. His visible wounds were mostly healed, and would be with the next round of healing. His internal wounds would take a bit longer, and there was still the matter of this lingering magic that he couldn’t place. He sighed to himself in frustration, knowing that Dean was probably right about Crowley having something to do with this. He placed his fingers to Sam’s forehead again, and felt the once lifeless body flinch under his touch. The long haired brother was slowly regaining consciousness.
Cas pressed another kiss to Dean’s skin, this time his shoulder. “Well, we can both worry. Tomorrow. Right now we need sleep.”
Castiel pressed his lips into a thin line, his hands shaking in anger, but he didn’t reply. Dean eyed him curiously, unable to fully see his expression in the dim lighting, but still able to pick up on Castiel’s tension. When his hands were finally free, Dean immediately rolled his shoulders, trying to work the strain out of them. Castiel helped him up onto wobbly, unsure feet. The sound of the water moving was the only warning they had before Vera lurched out of the water at them. Castiel gracefully caught her by the throat with one hand, slamming his other palm to her forehead. Dean immediately shielded his eyes as the cave lit up and Vera’s eyes burned out , her body going limp in Castiel’s grip. Castiel threw her body unceremoniously into the water before turning back to Dean.
There wasn’t too much about the case online, the town seemed to be keeping it fairly hush-hush due to a big tourist event coming up according to an article. Dean looked up to the sound of a thick book snapping shut as Sam entered the room. “Find anything interesting?” Dean asked, closing his laptop.
Dean attempted a smile, but he knew it looked forced. “Hey, most of the time I probably deserved it.” He could actually see Cas’ Adam’s apple bob as he swallowed, such a human motion that it took him by surprise. Dean was overwhelmed by the need to fix the hurt in the angel’s eyes as he looked up at him mournfully.
“You’re in a good mood.” Sam grumbled, trying to tame his hair now that it was sticking up everywhere. He looked Dean over suspiciously, a focused frown on his face.
. He and Sam hadn’t had a case in a little over a week, and the lack of something to do had Dean’s skin crawling. There was
with me on Netflix?”
wanted it. He glanced over at Sam’s sleeping form guiltily, a part of him afraid that Sam would wake and call him out for how wrong it was that he continued to stay there as Dean clung to him.
Dean pointed to his eyebrow that was still slightly swollen. It wasn’t really noticeable unless directly pointed out, but Dean still knew it was there. “They’re infesting my garden and one of those buzzing dicks stung me.”
Damp hair stuck to the napes of their necks while sated smiles spread across their lips. Dean was facing Castiel, snuggled up against him, their noses touching. Castiel half expected Dean to withdraw in on himself, something he did fairly regularly. But not this time. The hunter was clinging to him, like it was the only thing keeping him from falling apart. Castiel held him, both shocked and pleased. The moments ticked by, and not once did Dean relax or loosen his grip on his angel. Cas kissed Dean’s forehead, a loving humming noise coming from deep in his throat.
The lights in the room flickered on and Castiel buried his face in his knees. One, or both of Magnus’ demons were coming to retrieve him. Sometimes Magnus sent both Ted and Natasha. It was also a part of his experiments. He liked to see how Castiel would react, if he would put up more of a fight. He heard the locks on his cage clank as they were being unlocked, and just pressed his face tighter to his knees. He didn’t look up. He didn’t care to. It didn’t matter. Nothing mattered.
Castiel stared at the bed in front of him, a small frown forming on his lips as he thought. A few moments ago, when Sam and Dean flipped a coin to decide who was sharing a bed and who got their own, it made sense to use to grace to “sway” the results in his favor so that he would end up in the same bed as Dean. That was before Dean was in the bathroom brushing his teeth and was only minutes away from actually crawling into the bed they were expected to share.
“Of course, we are. It’s Comic-Con, we’ll stick out like a sore thumb is we don’t cosplay.” Dean said matter-of-factly. Sam saw Cas look over at Dean curiously. Dean smiled at him patiently. “Cosplaying is when somebody dresses up as a fictional character for fun.”
” That all too familiar, annoyed urgency came from Castiel’s lips. All he said was the hunter’s name. That’s it. But it escaped his mouth in a tone that revealed he was afraid that one wrong word could cause his entire world to come crashing down.
The days changed to weeks, that bled into months surprisingly fast. Things didn’t get easier. Dean lost himself in hunting anything evil that bled and going on horrible dates from
Charlie playfully punched him in the arm. “Are you kidding me?! Have you read the books?!” Sam just stared at her, unamused. “Okay, so I guess maybe it
“What was up with your wings?” Dean asked, just an excuse to break the silence so he wouldn’t be alone with his thoughts.
“…what?” Dean stared at Sam blankly.
After they went back to the storage room for some privacy (Charlie explained she couldn’t go far) and ran all the tests on her to make sure she wasn’t a demon, shapeshifter, or any of the other various monsters that Dean was theorizing she was, he immediately pulled her into his arms. Sam’s heart clenched at the sight of the soft look in his brother’s eyes. When Dean let go, he immediately started lecturing Sam on not testing her before then, but he couldn’t wipe the smile off his face. Charlie was too busy hugging Cas and teasing him about the eyeliner to notice.
Dean bit his bottom lip and took a deep breath. “I just- I don’t-“ he groaned in frustration. “I don’t want you to get hurt again.”
“That depends. Are you going to let me try them?” Cas asked, raising a challenging eyebrow.
“Yeah, we can do that.” Dean was a little breathless over how beautiful she was this excited and kissing her out on the open water was probably more romantic that trying to make a move on her in a dive bar.
Dean turned to him, a single eyebrow raised and a frown on his lips, clearly unhappy with Dean’s response. “Weren’t
Cas watched Dean move, watched the ripple of muscles under his shirt and the sureness and deliberateness of his hands as he cooked. And Cas wanted to
When he approached the angel, he couldn’t wipe the grin off his face. Cas was excitedly talking to the employee about the honey that they used in their products.
“Focus, Charlie.” Sam interrupted smiling.
Dean scoffed into his whiskey before downing his glass and pouring another. “Yeah, well maybe if a certain angel is right, good things’ll eventually happen.” Dean leaned in closer to Cas, ignoring the voice in the back of his head telling him to distance himself more. He had noticed Cas gravitating closer to him throughout the evening. He brought his glass to his lips again, looking at Cas through his lashes, their knees bumping. Dean knew exactly what he was doing. He was flirting, and laying it on thick too. He wasn’t exactly sure if looks worked on angels, but he knew he wasn’t bad on the eyes, and Cas liked his
The problem was that neither Castiel or Sam could figure out what Dean was doing. Sam had even gone through Dean’s room, a line Castiel could not yet bring himself to cross, to search for clues, and he came up with nothing. All Castiel knew was that Dean was
Dean slid his hands over the steering wheel uncertainly. “And what about you? Would it make you happy to participate in some, um, traditions?” Dean gulped.
“How did you know-“
“I’m the devil. You think an angel blade can kill me, boy?” The beast growled, slamming a hooved foot down onto Dean’s chest. He felt several ribs crack and pain shoot through his body. All the pain rushed to one spot, the mark on his arm. He glanced over at his arm, blinking blood from his eyes. The mark burned bright red against his flesh.
introduce myself. I am Magnus. A Man of Letters and a collector of creatures and magic alike. Don’t confuse me for someone else, I am much, much more than your run of the mill witch. Much more powerful too.” He motioned to Castiel on the ground. “But I’m sure you can tell that.”
“You know, not a single one of them stung me.” Dean said, a little in awe. “I thought for sure they were going to swarm me because I’m… well, I’m not you. But I didn’t get stung. There was one that like kept hovering around my face, and I almost sneeze on it.” Dean laughed.
But a lead on Rowena meant a potential lead on getting rid of the mark if Sam’s suspicions about Rowena lying were true at all. If they couldn’t get anything out of Rowena, they could at least get the
Dean bit his bottom lip to stop himself from breaking out in a full blown grin. That wasn’t uncomfortable fumbling over words. It was a good kind of nervousness. Flustered. Dean had been playing this game since he came out of the closet at fifteen. It could be a dangerous game to play, so he had quickly learned the difference between making a guy uncomfortable and just the right kind of flattery that he was aiming for.
At first, his father losing his mother wasn’t enough for Dean to give up on the idea of falling in love. Sure, it scared Dean. It made him terrified to see what loving someone and then losing them could turn a person into. But it wasn’t enough for him to say that he didn’t believe in love. It just made him hesitant. Cautious.
Their lips met with enough force to cause a tidal wave. Their passion snapped with the intensity of a plane crash. But it wasn’t this perfected, open mouth kiss, it was all noses bumping and teeth clinking messily. Dean’s fingers fisted into Castiel’s messy locks, making him painfully aware of just how sweaty his hands were, just how hard they were shaking, and just how nervous he truly was.
and how he still always watched it with Dean. His heart clenched. Dean smiled at Cas but then sighed. “Listen man, I’m sorry if I pissed you off earlier. I…I get it. I don’t know shit about angel stuff, and it probably seemed like I was prying.”
Dean avoided his eyes. He couldn’t believe they were actually talking about this shit. It was making his skin crawl and his heart beat too fast. He could already feel his lungs struggling to pull in air despite how fast they were trying to heave. Talking about it made it too real, and was much harder when he was this sober,
it. Castiel was imbedded in every song that blared mindlessly through the impala’s speakers, in every pair of blue eyes that Dean found himself avoiding on a hunt. Sam didn’t know that every single time Cas touched him, it was like an electrical current surged through his bones, and he knew it didn’t have a damn thing to do with Cas being an angel. Or maybe he didn’t know that whenever Cas would leave him alone in a room, Dean would almost break because he was worried it would be the time that Cas left and didn’t come back. And maybe, just maybe Sam didn’t get it because Dean forgot to mention the times he stood in front of a mirror, trying to recite that he needed to move on because he didn’t need Cas until the words tasted like ash in his mouth. No matter how many times he repeated it, he knew they weren’t true. Dean just looked at Sam and nodded. He would have to try harder.
Not to mention, the one time that Dean attempted to embrace his bisexuality, the guy he had the hots for was a
Cas’ hand paused it’s movement on Dean’s back for a moment and he sighed. “I have been away from Heaven for far too long. That shouldn’t have left me so weakened. I’m going to have to return to Heaven.” Dean immediately tensed up and Cas must have felt it, because his hand once again began stroking Dean’s back calmly. “Only for a little while, Dean. I said I would always return to you and I meant it.”
He used so little and there was so much in the vials that he hadn’t even realized how much of it he had burned through since he started injecting. His arms were littered with ugly track marks that made him nauseous to look at. He would spend too long in the shower scrubbing at them as if he could one day wash them away. It was a slippery slope, going from using it when he needed it, to using it because he
to him, Sam. And he has a fucking cell phone. A cell phone he’s refusing to pick up regardless of who calls him.” Dean stopped to glare at his brother. Truthfully, Dean was terrified to pray to Cas again. Cas had promised him that he would be in touch, promised him that he was within reach. Now he was ignoring calls. If more of Dean’s prayers went unanswered too, they had a lot more on their plate than whatever awkward shit was going on between them.
? Crowley told me about how Dean is almost at his breaking point when it comes to the Mark of Cain. When he finally gives in, finally breaks, do you know how easy it would be to convince him to torture you?” Magnus laughed coldly. “In fact, if I retrieved the First Blade for him, he would probably kill you without even thinking twice about it. You
were pressed up against Cas’
“Thanks for this, Cas. Really. You didn’t have to show up. I’m kinda shocked you did.” Castiel’s fingers remained on Sam’s head, but his eyes shot over to Dean.
And Dean seemed to have no issue touching Cas, or letting Cas touch him. It was usually just a pat on the arm, or a touch of the shoulder. But sometimes Cas would get lucky, sometimes Dean would actually embrace him, and it was something the angel found himself guiltily craving.
garden? “
Castiel was not having a good day. It started with being late to work. His car wouldn’t start, and he had to jimmy the key and beg any god that would listen for nearly fifteen minutes before the engine would finally turn over. Being late was a terrible impression at a job he had been working at for only a week, but luckily his manager Nora was sweet and understanding. She even suggested that he bring the car to Singer’s Auto Repairs if he was having trouble.
Castiel smiled and fell asleep content.
. He loved good food and insisted on taking Cas to The Roadhouse one day to try their food and introduce him to some family friends that he also loved deeply.
Cas swallowed and Dean’s eyes followed the movement of his Adam’s apple. “From you I do.” He replied softly.
“Fuck, you’re so beautiful.” Dean sighed, fingering Castiel’s tie undone as quickly as he possibly could. Castiel stepped back a little, pulling off Dean’s open button up with clumsy, nervous fingers. To Dean’s surprise, Castiel reached for his belt, unhooking it without taking his eyes off of Dean’s face. Dean whimpered, pulling the angel’s lips against his again. Dean felt the pressure against his waist as Castiel unbuttoned his jeans, followed by relief of his zipper being dragged down. From somewhere to their right, they heard someone clear their throat, causing both of them to jump. They looked over to see both Bobby and Sam standing a few feet away.
Sam took a deep breath. “I get it Dean. I can only imagine what it’s like carrying around the mark with you all the time. I know it’s a lot harder than you’d ever let anyone believe. I know that it’s hard even on the good days. And yeah, I had my issues with the demon blood, but I know this has to be so much harder because this is
Cas was about to reply, but Dean’s eyes suddenly left his own and flickered up to his hair. A curious but confused look came across the hunter’s face. Before Cas could question it, Dean approached him quickly, he reached for Cas’ hair and carded his fingers through it. A chill went through the angel’s entire vessel at the contact, and it took every fiber of resistance his being was capable of not to lean into the touch. When Dean pulled his hand back, he had a tiny piece of black down between his thumb and index figure. Cas felt himself blush slightly and immediately snatched it out of Dean’s hand, glaring at it before stuffing it in his pocket.
“I can wait. Because you’re going to go out there and tell Dean how you feel. Or I’m going to personally hop up off this cot and kick your ass, half dead or not.” Sam’s voice was urgent but supportive, and Castiel found himself actually entertaining the idea of telling Dean, but he had no idea where to start. “Just go for it, Cas. Please.”
Crowley nodded and tapped his index finger against the arm rest, thinking. He motioned to a rickety table and chair a few yards away from his thrown. “Chain her up there and bring me the book.”
Cas had tensed up ridiculously, and Dean wondered if he said something wrong. “Most angels do. Maybe not quite always white, but a variation of light, neutral colors. Eggshell, ivory, pearl, cream, champagne…every angel’s wings are different. Even if the color may be the same as another angel, there will be some sort of difference like speckles of tawny across each feather…much like your freckles.” Dean blushed for the millionth time and wondered when he became such a girl. “The slight differences are not always visible to the naked eye but often become more predominant during mating season-“
When Castiel reached Dean’s bedroom, he nearly wrenched the door off its hinges as he ripped it open. If Dean’s panicked prayer hadn’t revealed that something was horribly wrong, the scene on the other side of the door did. Dean was face down on his bed in his own vomit unmoving, foam dribbling out of the corner of his mouth. Castiel was at his side immediately. Dean was not breathing and did not have a pulse. Fear and heartbreak like Castiel had not felt in a long time pulsed through his being, making his chest tight and painful. Losing Dean never became easier. It didn’t matter how it happened, or how temporary it was. Nothing Castiel had ever experienced was ever as painful as losing Dean. Nothing ever made Castiel feel more human than Dean.
“Dean… what’s wrong?”
“What the hell do you mean? What did I do?” Dean growled, keeping his eyes glued firmly to the road that rolled on in front of the Impala, his grip on the steering wheel flexing.
“We could always find something cheaper close by.” Cas suggested, leaning forward to peer out the window himself. Dean glanced over at him, taking in just how tired Cas looked. He was really going to have to lose the holy tax accountant get up for all non-case related events since they were at the beach, but Dean would worry about that later. Even though the AC was working fine, he could still feel the heat outside like a heavy presence around the Impala,, and even he couldn’t wait to shed some layers.
Dean periodically checked on Sam, even though Cas insisted that he was fine, and it was a good thing he was sleeping. Dean was surprised that Sam hadn’t brought up that it was a waste of money to be feeding Cas when he didn’t actually need to eat. Even though having the bunker saved them quite a bit each month because they had to get less hotel rooms, Sam still often lectured Dean’s spending. It was a little ridiculous since it was rarely ever their money, and when it was, it was hustled from pool or darts. But Sam had never once complained about Dean spending money on Cas. Not that he was exactly expensive, he was more than happy in the passenger seat with his one-dollar pack of Skittles. Dean smiled again and promised himself to do something nice for Sam once he was feeling better.
Dean would have honestly been fine regardless. He had had much worse injuries over the years, but Cas seemed to blame himself and Dean realized with disgust that that was a quality he probably picked up from Dean himself. Even Sam tried to convince the angel that they were fine (his black eye took a touch and all of 0.1 seconds to heal), but Cas continued to pout in the backseat of the Impala on the long drive back to the bunker. When Dean overheard him mutter something about ‘being useless even with my grace restored’, Dean slammed on the breaks so hard that Sam nearly went through the windshield, regardless of being strapped in by his seatbelt.
Cas nodded empathetically, taking the bait. “I do believe this house is very old. A lot older than mine. What brought you out to the middle of nowhere?”
“No, no, I’m fine.” He muttered distractedly. “Go ahead. Whip ‘em out. I’m gonna… I’ll go grab some first aid stuff.” Dean nearly stumbled off the bed, and quickly made his way to the storage closet full of first aid supplies they kept in the bunker. He tried to keep his thoughts innocent, because despite now was not the time to start thinking with his dick. Cas needed his help. On the way to the closet, he ran into Sam, literally.
“No, Cas. We’ll handle it.” He muttered, leaning back in his seat.
Dean was rendered speechless. He knew that Sam had a point, but Cas stood before him, battered and bruised, one of his wings hanging at a weird angle, blood now running from cuts that had been ripped back open because of the way his arm was stretched, cutting off Magnus’ airway, and Dean couldn’t side with Sam. He didn’t have half a clue of all the things Magnus’ had done to Cas, but he immediately knew that Magnus deserved to be sent right back to Hell where he belonged. He met Cas’ conflicted eyes with determined ones, and just barely nodded. Cas’ eyes hardened as he tightened his grip, crushing Magnus’ windpipe and letting him crumple to the floor. Sam and Dean were immediately freed from there magical bindings, but suddenly Cas’ wings drooped, and he suddenly seemed so small. Dean immediately ran over, ripping the angel blade from Magnus’ back while Sam checked his pockets.
Dean swallowed hard and nodded, turning his attention to Castiel. “What about you, angel? What kind of celestial New Year’s resolutions do you have?” This was Dean deflecting, not longer wanting to talk about the subject of betrayal. Castiel knew better than to not take the outing when it was offered to him.
him. Where Dean could never see a real future with Cassie and Lisa, when he saw Cas he not only saw a future (as dark and bloody as a hunter’s future is), but he saw… everything. He saw love and happiness and family and comfort and someone that forced him to stow his shit and just… everything.
“I could heal you.” Cas offered. He observed Dean with a head tilt. “You’re sweating… a lot. Are you running a fever?”
like buying Cas flowers. This was just a part of his gift, and he needed to quit being such a girl about it.
“I got you.” Dean responded softly. He crawled on the bed next to Cas and gently carded his fingers through the feathers of the closest wing. Just like the first time he touched them, he was completely overwhelmed with the sensation that shook him down to his very core. He was taken off guard by the sudden possessiveness he felt knowing that Magnus had put his hands on Cas’ wings, especially without permission. “Just tell me what I need to do, Cas.”
“If you two are done bickering like a married couple, I’m going into the library to write down my resolutions really quick. Are we supposed to share it with the class when we’re done, Mr. Winchester?” Sam said mockingly, tucking a strand of hair behind his ear.
Dean’s fingers thrummed against the steering wheel along to Led Zeppelin while Sam’s eyes scanned over the map. They weren’t terribly far from Quantico, and Dean was starving, but he was too lost in his own thoughts to ask Sam if he wanted to pull over for a bite. They could always grab something once they were checked in to the hotel. “So what’s the hotel called again?” He glanced over at his brother, hoping for a welcome distraction.
“Yes, of course. The rooms were locked from the inside, and I never saw anyone else. This place is old; we only have a few cameras. But not a single one picked up on anything. It’s so sad.” She pulled a handkerchief out of her apron and dabbed her eyes. Sam put a soothing hand on her shoulder.
Dean immediately started making kissing faces, aware that only Sam could see him since the laptop was facing away from him and towards Sam. They hadn’t actually talked about it
“I guess it’s like the Easter bunny, Cas.” Dean said, looking over at him. “No one know what a rabbit has to do with Jesus or whatever.”
to have sex with anyone else, even though the thought of sex with
I wrote a large chunk of this chapter a long time ago, before I was even anywhere close to being done with ISOWAK. So please don't think I'll be able to continue to update like have been the past couple of days. (Sweats nervously)
Ross suddenly laughed. “Well, I don’t think a cop would have fessed up to that.” He flicked his cigarette out of his hand, adding to the graveyard of filters that littered the ground. “But I’m not so sure I believe ya when you say you don’t want to buy anything.”
Dean swallowed hard, feeling himself start to sweat. He wished he could blame it on the three beers he had already drank. “I.. I want you to stay, Cas. I know Heaven is your home. But with me, with Sam… that’s your home too.”
“You good?” He asked. Cas squinted at him. “You said you had an angel call or whatever this morning.” Dean added for clarity.
“Well, here’s the deal, sweetheart.” Dean choked out. Her grip on his throat wasn’t stopping him for breathing but was keeping him on edge, making the mark throb harder. “I get that I’m in your playing field right now.” He gestured at the water surrounding them with a shrug of his shoulders and a quick glance around. “But I can promise you, killing me would be a bad idea. You see that nifty little mark on my arm? It’s not some douchey tribal tattoo. It’s the Mark of Cain. If you kill me, I come back, and I come back a hell of a lot more pissed off and dangerous than I am now.”
Dean froze. Oh fuck.
again.
“No, it’s okay. I want to.” Castiel replies, stroking his cheek. “I want
“Her father admitted to the affair as her mother was on her deathbed. He felt like he wouldn’t be able to deal with the guilt if she died not knowing. They kept it from Molly.” Cas finished his entire glass with a single smooth swallow, leaning around Dean to abandon his glass next to Dean’s.
Dean opened his third door leading to an empty room or dead-end closet when Sam’s voice bellowed out his name. Throwing caution to the wind completely, he ran towards the sound of his brother’s voice. He skidded to a halt in front of a dark room, almost missing it entirely had his brothers large, dark frame not caught his attention. Dean gripped the demon blade tighter.
“And the book?” Crowley interrupted Rowena, speaking to David.
And Dean had just seen Risky Business too many times to let this golden opportunity slide through his fingers. He listened, just to make sure Sammy hadn’t pulled up without his knowing, and backed up halfway down the hallway.
anything on the case. I’m the one that found the object the spirit was attached to.”
. And Dean hated it.
together, but all of those were just thoughts. The idea of actually being physical with the angel was nothing short of terrifying. This was completely uncharted territory. People didn’t just sit on a couch, pretending to watch tv while
“Hey, Cas. Sammy doing alright?”
“I can’t believe- I’m not- angels don’t
“Uh, Cas?” Sam finally spoke quietly, sitting up in bed. Castiel immediately tensed up, his eyes widening and shooting up in Sam’s direction. Sam gave him a sympathetic smile. “Is there a particular reason you’re in bed with Dean?” Sam’s own eyes suddenly widened “Um, I mean, unless it’s for uh- are you guys- I guess what I’m trying to say is-“
There were quite a few unpleasant memories about the times that John felt like Dean talked to another man a little too long, bat his eyelashes a little too much, and smiled a little too flirtatiously. Dean never planned for these moments to lead to anything more. He was just curious. John beat that curiosity down with angry slurs, female strip clubs, and occasionally his own fists.
Dean smiled “No, Cas. It wasn’t an
Castiel grimaced when his wings immediately fluffed out again, drawing Dean’s eyes away from his own and towards to movement. Dean looked at him quizzically, but he ignored it. “No, I just wanted to look them over. This is the first time I’ve had them out since they were preened.” He sighed contently. “Thank you for your help.” His wings flexed and flapped slightly on their own accord. He had only had them out a couple of times while on earth, and even though they were not in their true form, it still felt nice. Squeezing his true form into this small, confining body was no longer uncomfortable, but he didn’t think it would ever stop feeling slightly constricting, especially when he had to keep his wings on another plane.
“Go ahead, Cas.” He pointed to the solid purple four ball. “Try to get it in this pocket.” He then pointed to the bottom left pocket, the one closest to the ball.
"Hello, Dean." Dean jumped for a second time as Cas materialized beside him, a smile on his face.
Castiel gave Dean an apologetic look and returned to his booth.
. Sure, the app was a good idea in theory…but the chance of
They were still a few hours away from Lebanon when Dean couldn’t take his thoughts anymore. He was sick of over thinking what the demon had said, sick of focusing on how Cas was this really hot badass that needed to stop blaming himself for Sam and Dean’s injuries. His skin itched, and he couldn’t keep his fingers still on the steering wheel. Sam and Cas’ idle chit chat about the angel book Sam had gotten him was annoying Dean for no reason at all. He couldn’t stop grinding his teeth and the mark burned against his skin. He pulled over at a gas station shortly after insisting that he had to take a piss but checking the inner pocket of his green canvas jacket to make sure the small medical bag holding the syringe and Djinn juice hadn’t fallen out during the hunt.
“Thank you, Dean.” He said softly, once again lowering the gun and turning to the hunter. He placed the gun on the table in front of them, next to the ammo. “It appears I’m not a very good shot.” Cas’ eyes dropped, a little disappointed. Dean rolled his own eyes.
Dean shoved the thoughts and pain away as he shoved down on the gas pedal of the Impala. He knew how horribly unhealthy it was to be so codependent on people, especially when you were a hunter. You couldn’t have that kind of Achilles heel. But even with Sam at college, Dean still felt like Sam was all he had. Sure, he had his dad. But it wasn’t the same. John may have been their father, but it was Dean that had done most of Sammy’s rearing. Dean swallowed hard and blinked the stinging out of his eyes. Sam was okay and happy, and that’s all that should matter.
“You’re welcome, Dean. Though I didn’t do much.”
“We’ll cross that bridge if we ever have to get to it.” Ariel replied softly, noticing that Castiel was quickly losing himself in thought. She took a small sip of her tea. “I have an idea. I don’t like it, and I know you won’t either. But it’s something.” Castiel raised his eyebrows in a motion for her to continue. “I did some poking around…in Heaven. It was the first time I entered beyond just a short visit in years. I was curious about how things were being ran since you’re refusing to lead the other angels. You know how most of us are, Castiel. Too many of us
Cas narrowed his eyes at him, but the kid just gave him a cheeky grin and grabbed a mop to help him clean up. “Thanks, Kevin. You didn’t have to help.” Cas said once the floors and counter were spotless. Kevin even offered to change the slushee contents himself so that Cas could go ahead and clock out.
Castiel laughed, causing Dean’s look to falter to something more curious, but Castiel just shook his head. He was being stupid and hopeful. “Get some sleep, Dean. We have to go to the marina where the sunken ships docked tomorrow. It will most likely be a long day.”
Sam kept trying alternate spellings hoping to get a hit as he spoke “How do they lure their victims? Song?” He asked it jokingly, but nothing would shock him anymore.
Dean quickly flipped to the end of the passage on Djinn to see if the location of the supply was listed. “Bingo!” He exclaimed to himself when the exact room, bookcase, and shelf was listed on the last page. He closed the book and neatly returned it to its respective shelf. Dean made his way to the storage room that the vials were located, grabbing a pair of rubber dish gloves on the way just in case. He exhaled deeply when he found the small chest that contained the vials on the exact shelf that the passage had given. He delicately opened the chest, using the rubber of the gloves to touch the lid.
, so instead he just replied “I don’t know. We’ll see. I’ll let you get back to work, Sam.”
“My mom and dad were there… Jess was there… and we were just
This didn’t go unnoticed by Sam, and he narrowed his eyes at his brother even though Dean wasn’t paying any attention to him. Dean always had a staring problem when it came to Cas.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas said. Because of course that’s what he said. That’s what he always said. “I wanted to wish you a happy birthday. Are you still feeling unwell?”
But that all changed when Dean went to check his mail. Regardless of the privacy fence, and the decent distance between their homes, Dean and Cas’ driveways and mailboxes weren’t far from each other. Dean could see Cas at his own mailbox in his peripheral but ignored him up until the exact moment when a gruff voice said “Hello, Dean.”
“You need to be more careful.” Cas muttered, glaring at the umbrella in his glass.
“And I love you, Dean.” Castiel replied, pulling away just long enough to get the words out. Dean pressed his forehead against the angels, trying to catch his breath.
Here's a gif of someone playing it:
Sam and Cas used this as an opportunity and both sprang forward, stabbing into the creature’s flesh wherever their weapons could reach. The Tulpa backed up, screaming angrily. It swung a massive arm, hitting Sam and sending him flying across the tramping ground and into a large tree. His head hit the trunk with a sickening crack, and he crumpled to the ground, blood pouring from a fresh gash.
Castiel was disappointed to find that Dean was already asleep when he returned to the bunker.
Castiel shifted uncomfortably in the passenger seat, causing his trench coat to rustle. Dean smirked.  That was both one of the most annoying and comforting sounds to grace his ears nowadays. “I’m glad I’m here with you.” Cas finally said, looking back out the window. Dean smiled.
Castiel glared at him but didn’t reply. Their time in the sun had caused Dean’s freckles to become more prominent, and even caused a few new ones to appear. There was now a stray one on his bottom lip that was woefully distracting.
“EXACTLY!” Dean yelled, stopping his pacing to spin on his heels and glare at his brother.
“No, no, help yourself, dear.” She crammed the handkerchief back in a pocket and smiled at Sam warmly.
to catch up on, and a whole box of pizza rolls calling his name. He knew he should actually cook “real food”, but it had been a long work week, and he was feeling lazy. A marathon of trash TV paired with junk food sounded perfect and well deserved, and nothing was going to stop him from enjoying his afternoon.
Cas nodded, not taking his eyes off of Dean. “Those aren’t the worst.” He responded. “The worst of the injuries are on my wings.”
“If you wanna actually hit the target, you gotta do it like this.” Dean reached out, but his hands stopped a few inches from Cas’ hips. He took a deep breath and set his jaw, placing his hands. He rotated the angel gently so that he was perpendicular to the firing line. Cas let himself be moved with no resistance and Dean snatched his hands back. “Okay, now you gotta spread your feet apart more.” Dean slid one of his legs between both of Cas', pushing at one of his feet and forcing them to spread wider. “Yeah, like that. Good.” Dean took another deep breath and placed his hands on Cas’ shoulders. “Now your shoulders are WAY too tense. You need to have control but you can’t be so stiff.” Dean slid his hands down Cas’ shoulders and jumped a little because he actually heard the angel let out a content little sigh. Dean shook his head, not letting it distract him. “Alright, now raise the gun.” Dean instructed, his voice cracking a little. He cleared his throat as Cas followed orders, raising the gun and aiming it. Dean licked his lips and held his breath as he lined himself up behind Cas. He placed his hand on the angel’s shoulder, tightening his grip a little to encourage Castiel to relax a little more. His other hand slid along Cas’ dominant arm, his own arm lining up with it as his hand covered Cas’, both of their fingers on the trigger. He could feel the heat of Cas’ body, feel how firm and warm he was against him. Dean felt a little light headed. “Remember, it’s important to breathe.” He muttered in the angel’s ear, aware of the fact that he was also reminding himself. They both inhaled, perfectly in sync, and Dean pulled his trigger finger in. The shot rang out and it was deafening because Dean’s senses were heightened by the Mark, but the sound didn't hurt. Cas was staring at the target that now had a fresh bullet hole in it, his expression relaxed and pleased.
here. Me and Sam, we want you here, man. Not just when you’re souped up. You don’t have to be this badass soldier of the lord for us to want you to be here.” Castiel looked at Dean, a soft expression on his face. It was moments like this that Cas felt that pull, that insatiable and intense need to touch Dean, to make Dean feel the way that he felt when he heard words like that come from the hunter’s mouth. Dean shifted his weight on his feet awkwardly but didn’t break eye contact with the angel. “What?” he inquired when Cas continue to stare at him with that expression on his face, uncomfortable with the intense and rapt attention.
Ariel snorted, her eyes following the movement of her spoon in her coffee. She finally decided to stop stirring her drink and took the spoon out, looking up at Cas. “This is about the human, isn’t it? Dean Winchester? The one bearing the mark?” She did a poor job at hiding the curiosity in her voice.
A couple of hours into gardening, Dean was covered from head to toe in dirt, slightly sunburned, and incredibly exhausted, but things were already looking beautiful. The flowers, and even the mint, were the perfect pop of color not far from the willow tree whose leaves tickled the surface of the pond it was growing next to. It looked like something out of a fucking Bob Ross painting, and Dean couldn’t be prouder. He had definitely earned the gallon of water he was about to chug, and the beer he planned on cracking after. He rehydrated himself and heated up some lasagna right as afternoon began creeping in. He popped the top to an El Sol and decided to take one last look at his garden before Sam came over, and that’s where it all went wrong.
“Is there something you would like to say, mother?” Crowley snapped, his patience running thin.
rare occasions. That didn't make him gay. He was pretty sure there was probably some dude that hung out with Sigmund Freud that would agree with him on that. Dean turned his attention to Sam. “What if it’s a witch?”
“Yeah. This place is huge.” Dean turned to Cas. “You’re with me. There’s too many people here for me to be able to keep an eye on you.” Cas opened his mouth, but Dean interrupted. “I know you don’t need a baby sitter, Cas. Just trust me on this one.” Dean nodded to Sam before going off in his own direction, dragging Cas with him.
“My job at the library
Dean laughed. “Yeah, me too. Good sex will do that to you.”
“Dean-”
“Yeah, until you went all badass and fixed everything.” Dean grinned encouraging, playfully pushing at Cas’ shoulder.
“Oh!” Castiel exclaimed in surprise. He squinted and tilted his head slightly. “You’re the one with the really loud car.”
“The whole point of me moving out was so that I wouldn’t be up your ass anymore, Sam.” The words had no bite, but Dean still felt guilty saying them.
Dean’s face lit up. “Oh, uh, good. I’m not really the dating type. But I don’t think I’ve ever turned down pizza in my entire life.”
It wasn’t that Castiel was jealous of their pleasant moods or easy teasing. That wasn’t why he wished he was drunk. It was that whenever Dean was actually sitting on the couch next to him, he was
Sam tented his eyebrows in confusion. “Why wouldn’t we be good?”
“GO!” Sam bellowed. Castiel nodded, making his way through the water much quicker than Sam could have. He grimaced at the sound of grunting and splashing, and sent a silent prayer for Sam’s safety. The cave path finally opened up completely, and Castiel’s eyes immediately zeroed in on Dean. Vera was on top of him, her body pressing him into the water as he struggled beneath her. It only took a moment for Castiel to realize what she was trying to do, she was trying to pin him down using her weight and one hand pressed to his shoulder while the other was struggling to get his jeans off.
he was driving at first, he just knew that he needed to. He took roads that he had never been down, but the names were somehow familiar. After almost two hours of driving, he realized why the names of the roads were ringing a bell. He was on the way to Stanford.
“Well it’s too late now. And besides, if you start using your angel mojo to clean the dishes, me and Sammy’ll get lazy and stop cleaning them ourselves.”
Dean pushed himself up off the island counter, swaying the moment his feet hit the ground and ignoring how everything spun a little. He gripped the bottle tighter in his hand. “You know what, fuck you, Sam.” The point of the statement missed its target when his voice cracked pathetically.
look at Castiel a certain way, the spirit wasn’t wrong about that. She was just wrong in her interpretation of it.
Dean didn’t realize how hopelessly lovestruck he probably looked until Tom spoke up. “Dude, your boyfriend is like, woke as fuck, man.” He adjusted the uniform apron he was wearing before front facing some chapstick so the labels were facing out.
He also quickly learned that Dean was more than just a pretty face. He was caring and dorky even though Cas had the impression that he would refuse to admit to either. He was funny and easily got excited about the things he loved. And that was the part that stuck out to Cas the absolute most. He had never met someone quite as loving as Dean Winchester.
It was just a gentle, curious, and almost involuntary thrust of his hips, that created just the right friction that pulled a low, quiet moan from Castiel’s lips. Dean’s eyes immediately widened in panic, and despite his pupils expanding in arousal of his own, he immediately pulled back, a litany of apologies pouring from his mouth.
Dean chuckled softly, leaning against the doorway. There was an easy smirk on his lips that made Castiel’s chest feel tight. Dean was so effortlessly beautiful that it hurt. “No, it’s not about banshees. That’s just the name of the town it takes place in.” He stuffed his hands in his pockets and rocked back and forth on his heels. “It’ll all make sense if you just watch it with me.” He pouted a little and Castiel rolled his eyes, mostly at the fact that he was a sucker when it came to Dean, and yet Dean still felt the need to bribe him with facial expressions.
Cas gave Dean one of those rare, true smiles. They almost seemed out of place on the angel’s all too serious face, but Dean couldn’t help his own smile that resulted because of it. “I suppose I could stay here.” He took a bite out of his steak, and Dean smiled even wider when he didn’t make a disgusted face.
. He had slept with plenty of people since he met Cas, it was driving him crazy that everything was so different now.
tell him anything. Despite the many differences I have had with the other angels, I would never put them in harms way. When he realized that I wasn’t going to tell him what he wanted to know, that’s when he began torturing me.”
“If it helps, it’s on Hilton Head Island. So… there’s a beach?”
“Exactly. It just makes it a little harder. Charlie showed me a few tricks before she- before.” Sam stated, his tone melancholy but fond. “It’s zeroing in-“ He tilted the screen so that they both could see. “-right about…now.” The map on the laptop screen zoomed in to a specific town. Boise, Idaho. The marker on the map blinked for a few moments before zooming in further and pulling up a pixilated seemingly abandoned building with the address next to it, clear as day.
Dean was giving Sam the ‘I told you so’ look. Apparently, this haunting did have to do with the Harry Potter cast. They finished up talking to Emma, giving her fake business cards with their numbers and telling her to give them a call if they needed anything. It would be too difficult to scan the room for EMF and look for clues because the guards were so on edge, and they would have to try a different approach. They headed for the door that led to the rest of the convention center.
“That’s not all.”
“So, where did you learn how to do all of that?” Dean asked, changing the subject for his own sanity. He dropped Cas hand but he continued to idly play with Cas’ fingers. He didn’t exactly expect post coital cuddling, but the contact was still nice and reassuring.
Seb’s voice immediately filled Dean’s ears when he picked up. Dean blushed and swallowed hard, his eyes darting from Sam to Cas. Sam was already back to scrolling on his tablet and Cas was delicately holding the French fry that Dean had thrown at him, observing it.
When Dean was twenty-five, he had to say goodbye to Sam as he left for college. He should have gone straight out of high school, a smart kid like him. Dean knew Sam was only sticking around for his sake, that Sam didn’t trust him to be alone after all the loss and grief that shook the foundation that was their lives. Sam reminded him almost daily that Dean wasn’t broken, he just had a bleak and pessimistic outlook on life and on love. Sam had gotten over Ruby, but there was still a look that settled into his eyes whenever her name was mentioned. Sam was ready to move on with his life, get a degree, and maybe even take another shot at love. Dean was happy for Sam, but him leaving for college felt like losing a limb, and when Sam made him promise him that he would be alright, the lie tasted like ash in Dean's mouth.
A splash to his right pulled his eyes in the direction, but at first all he saw was darkness until a glowing light appeared, getting brighter until he realized it was
the one telling me to either make a move on Cas or do something to get over him?” He snapped. “Well, that’s what I’m doing.” Sam opened his mouth, but Dean interrupted him. “And don’t give me any of that ‘we’re in the middle of a case!’ shit. I know that. But we’re at a standstill. Cas is downstairs questioning more of the staff, you’re balls deep in research between the information Vera gave us and trying to figure out what kind of creature we could be up against, and I’m just…here. I’m not helping, so why not go on a date with Vera? Maybe she could tell me more about the boat owners that went missing.”
Dean exhaled a slow, quiet whistle. “That’s a hell of a way to bite the dust. Well, that explains what’s going on here.” Dean almost felt embarrassed. It was such a simple case, with such a simple explanation. How had he and Sammy not figured it out yet? Then again, ever since the trials and Gadreel, the Mark of Cain, and the Book of the Damned, both he and Sam had been a little off. Especially when it came to working together. Things were significantly better than what they had been, but there was still some unwanted tension between the hunters. And apparently it was starting to affect their hunting. Dean shook his head and cleared his throat. “Thanks, Cas. A quick salt and burn should do it, Sammy and I will find out where Molly’s mom is buried first thing in the morning.”
“I agree.” Cas hummed softly. “I wouldn’t want it to be anyone else.”
“Then let me use my grace.”
Dean juggled both his own plate of breakfast and Cas’ and raised his hand to knock on Cas’ door. His knuckles stopped short of the wood and he bit his lip nervously. It shouldn’t be so hard. It never was with Cas. But there was this
“What do you suppose I do, Dean?”
“Yeah, but Sam and I have already looked through pretty much every book in here like four times. And we have a computer algorithm set up to search for anything witchy, but Rowena has completely covered her tracks.”
Dean wasn’t sure how this became his life. Weekdays consisted of working at Bobby’s garage until five, then coming home, and spending time with Cas. Most of the time it was them taking care of the hives and gardens. Sometimes they went on dates, sometimes they just curled up on the couch watching Netflix and eating peanut butter and honey sandwiches. More often than not it resulted in a joint shower where they ended up having to clean themselves off more than once as the water ran cold. On weekends, they woke up early to set up Cas’ booth at the Farmer’s Market. Dean now had his own both right next to Cas’, and their two favorite reoccurring customers were Sam and Eileen.
Sam went to open his mouth, but Dean interrupted him. “Not a fucking word, Sam.” Dean shifted, putting a few inches between him and the angel. “So, after this I’ll go talk to the victims’ families. How many do we got?”
Dean just answered with a small “Yeah.”
Dean went to work making breakfast as Cas quietly watched him. It made Dean painfully aware of every movement he made, and he eventually stopped, spinning around and glaring at the angel. “Cas, buddy, if you’re going to keep eating my food you have to stop staring at me like that.”
There were times that Castiel wished that it did not require copious amounts of alcohol for him to be intoxicated. As he watched Sam and Dean drunkenly bicker over what channel the television should be on, it was one of those times for him. Sam was in the recliner, using the length of his long arms to his advantage, keeping the remote control out of Dean’s reach. Dean kept reaching over the side of the couch that he and Cas shared, scrambling to reach the remote, and it wasn’t long before he toppled over the arm rest onto the floor, leaving Sam doubled over in laughter.
Dean jaw dropped comically as he looked back and forth between the rusalka siblings. “Offspring? Excuse me?”
This fic is going to be longer than I intentionally anticipated... total shocker.
his skin was. He didn’t know what it was, but he always assumed with Cas just using a vessel, the skin would be cold. He gently let go of Cas’ arm to repeat the same action on his other arm. He smiled at the angel, ignoring his face growing hot. There was just something so
“He stepped outside. Told ‘em he shouldn’t’ve tried drinking all scotch and then try to chug a few beers. He’s getting some air.” Bobby grunted, not taking his eyes off of the television.
“Listen, buddy. Don’t call me ‘freckles’, got it? How about you go find someone else to give this beer to, yeah?” Dean snapped coldly, sliding the beer back over to whatever his name was. The man looked slightly confused. Had he really taken Dean’s beer suggestion as him being interested? What the hell. When the guy got up with both beers and walked away, Dean remembered that they were in town during the gay pride parade, and internally screamed. Of course the guy had probably assumed something. Dean
And so Dean left. He could still hear his father drunkenly slur “So you’re going to leave to? You’re going to abandon me just like your brother?” The words still stung, even worse than the black eye John had given him. But he told himself that his father was just hurting, and that mixed with Jack Daniels created a very irate, very aggressive John Winchester. It took John over two weeks to pick up when Dean called, and he had called every single day without fail. Their conversations were short, but with Sam and Dean both gone, John was only left with his thoughts, and they eventually developed a mutual understanding and checked in on each other regularly.
Dean’s mouth fell open, and he gaped at Cas. “I-what do you-it’s not what you think-it’s fucking involuntary!” He stammered. “Sometimes that shit randomly happens when we sleep! I can’t control it!”
(See the end of the chapter for
He gently trailed his right hand over Cas’ waist to reach around him cover Cas’ hand with his own on the hilt of the pool stick, forcing Cas’ elbow closer to his side. He then took his left hand, trailing up Cas’ left arm until it came to a rest of Cas’ left hand, repositioning it closer to the cue tip so that Cas would have more control. Dean’s heart was beating so hard he was sure that Cas could feel it against his back and Dean leaned forward, causing Cas to crouch further over the table. Dean couldn’t breathe, even if he wasn’t too busy holding his breath. Dean was so fucking stupid. His lips were just a few inches from Cas’ temple and the urge to lean in and brush them against Cas’ hairline had his hands shaking. Not to mention his
Dean when they were apart for too long. “Thank you, Dean.”
Cas gave her an imploring look. “Claire-“
Sam glanced over at Dean’s list, his eyebrows raised. “We both did five. That was only four.” Sam said frowning. “You have another one.”
Dean frowned after him. “Wow, what’s gotten up his ass?”
movie. Dean had made the mistake of telling Cas that he reminded him of Spock, and while Castiel was able to determine who Spock was, he didn’t understand why they were similar since he had never seen any of the movies. Dean had been turning him down to watch it for three days straight, trying to avoid him, but when the angel finally showed up with the dvd in his hand, damn near
“I’m sorry, okay, Cas? I’m sorry. The next time I call you down it’s going to play pool or throw back a few drinks or something.” Dean saw Castiel’s lips turn up slightly. He smirked and added “But you can’t drink an entire liquor store this time.” The angel stared at him blankly. “Yeah, Sammy told me about that one. I have to say, I’m pretty impressed.” Dean chuckled and Castiel smiled.
Castiel lined up on the firing line again, and Dean observed him intently. While Cas’ posture was immaculate, his stance was rigid and stiff, his feet too close together. He raised the gun to eye level, squinting his incredibly blue eyes, and he pulled the trigger, the bullet once again missing his target. Cas let out and furious groan, and Dean felt static in the air like any second from now the angel’s wings were going to flare out behind him angrily. Dean sighed, approaching his friend.
