He came to me through Jess. He was inside me Dean. I know how he works."
"YOU were incredible dean. I'm glad my first time was with you."
"I don't need your permission DAD! I love Cas and I don't need your permission for that! I don't need your permission to love and live and be happy. I've been waiting for your permission, your
The air around them was still and thick. No movement or sound came from anywhere in their vicinity. It was like the whole universe took a pause, and then a deep breath as time surged back into motion.
"Well something good happend to me today, I met you."
The hit landed right upside the side of Dean's head and left him feeling a bit dazed. He lifted his head to look at the Empty and saw a blurry, wavy image of his dad, mocking him but also ready to kick his ass.
"Mmm," Dean nuzzled him a bit. "You're a real take charge kinda guy when you wanna be. Who knew you had it in you?"
All of a sudden Sam, Dean, and Jack are in the bunker. Sam looks at the note again and the words appear in gold script. "The Nephilim is the key."
Dean's phone rings. It says Cas but that's... that's impossible.
"Yes dean?" Castiel was a little worried about what Dean might say.
Uh- thanks..." Dean stuttered. Would you like to, uh... sit with me?"
Dean put his hands in his face and cried some more. His shoulders quaking.
Selfishly, he gleaned his baby brother out of his life trajectory of success and hapiness and brought him down in the grime, the anguish, the filth, the blood, and the terror with him. All because he couldn't handle that agony on his own. He coukdnt bear the weight of it. So he plucked his beautiful baby brother like a flower and planted him down in the mud, just so he wouldnt have to suffer alone.
Dean couldn't do the job he was given. He couldn't follow the orders because whatever choice he made he would have to break one of his prime directives. But the fact that the task was impossible didn't matter. Dean was a failure. He couldn't do anything right. He wasnt good enough. He, dean winchester, was insufficient.
"You were right to fear that Dean. No son of mine is friggen fairy."
Dean felt the air get sucked out of his body... Jack was asking him, "where is Cas"... where was Cas? Where is Cas? The question came to him as if under leagues and leagues of heavy ocean water... the sound waves moving slowly and warbily in his direction.
And at last Cas breaks the silence, "Last one in, is a rotten egg!" yells Castiel the man, taking off in a run, ready to feel the cool salty ocean against his bare human skin. Ready to experience human life, and love with one Dean Winchester running after him to join him for a skinny dip in the ocean. Ready to experience everything now, with everything laid bare. And everything ahead of them. Together.
Jack and Sam in perfect unison answered, "Yes."
"Damn it Dean, do it for Cas! All Cas ever wanted was for you to be true to yourself. And that's all i want."
Dean takes the stairs three at a time. But he opens the door to see Lucifer instead. He slams the door in horror but apparently that's all the invitation Lucifer needs and he pops himself into the bunker.
And always, when Dean failed to live up to his father's expectations, always were the harsh words, "Can't you think about somebody else besides yourself for once!" John had yelled at him for the first time when Dean was not even yet into double digits. Not the last time either. "You screwed up Dean! You can't screw up! You have responsibilities!"
Dean enjoyed showing Cas what human dating was, and taking him through the entire process. He had always loved teaching the angel human things, and Cas had invariably been such an eager student. Dean thought about all those angels back in their earth days-- always teasing Cas for being in love with “humanity.” Now Dean’s face warmed in a mix of pride and embarrassment, as the truth dawned. That word, "humanity" had always meant him.
Dean stepped towards Cas again. "It's time to do this."
The man had... if Dean were to be honest... a very cute smile and clear blue sparkling eyes. His trench coat was open and dean could see the gaudy christmas sweater he wore, featuring a Christmas angel with golden wings out stretched. Dean, ever the religious skeptic scoffed and looked at the menu on the table.
He was kinda suprised Sam took baby at all. Dean could hotwire something, of course, but he had the feeling Sammy was hoping he'd just stay put. Sit and stew and maybe "think about what he had done."
Hope you enjoy.
Cas felt his body stiffen moreso than usual as he answered in a robotic way. Dean didn't detect a difference but Cas knew this was something more than his usual rigidity. He was trying to hide the awkwardness he felt.
Not just tonight, Cas thought. They shared a profound bond.
Dean is sitting. He's looking at his brother. He is not understanding the relevance of what Sam is saying.
"Like a brother?"
Dean leaned forward and touched his lips to the lips of his angel and ever so gently, as gently as he had ever done anything in his life, let his lips linger for just a moment and then delicately puckered, pecked and released. Then moved back just slightly.
Dean pushes the door open and hears the tinkle of the bell and for some reason it reminds him of that Christmas movie. "Wonderful Life my ass," Dean Grumbles as he wipes his boots on the floor mat inside the door.
He also dreaded the morning. Not only because of their perelous mission, Cas knew that when Dean awoke the the magic would be over... he kisses Dean lightly on the forehead. Cas was content with this moment. It was sufficient. It was enough. It was... everything.
He ran his hands through Dean's hair until he got a good hold and he yanked Dean's head back forcefully. Dean responded with eagerness bucking himself back into Cas. "You like that Dean?" Cas growled. Dean breathed heavily but did not respond verbally. Dean preferred to use his body and show with action. Cas got close to Dean's ear and let his voice come out like steel. "I said. Do you like that Dean."
“I think I’m going to retire from that,” Dean responded thoughtfully. “I've got everything I ever needed to find right in front of me.”
Because Sam knows exactly how Lucifer got into the bunker. He got in through the door in his brother's heart. He got Dean to open that door. And there is only one key.
"You're a dirty little slut when you drink Dean. But that's ok cuz your my little slut. I own this ass tonight."
Dean chuckled at the sight of their unique wedding cake- a tower of pies. Cas and him modeled in various ways, to display the “cake”, to draw attention to the wedding topper of one man and one angel (turns out you can get anything made custom in heaven). Dean flashed his "blue steel" and Cas rolled his eyes. They posed for all the various traditional shots and then picked out the chocolate silk from among the various pie flavors, for their first slice to feed each other. They clowned around, as the photographer snapped several candid shots of them brandishing the pie slicer as a weapon, each pretending the other was some monster the one was hunting, jokingly threatening to stab each other. There were no monsters in heaven, but Dean and Cas were still hunters at heart. Some smart ass called out, “Hey save the stabbing for alone time will ya,” and everybody laughed.
"Jesus fuck Cas. Fuck me hard. I just wanna be your little bitch tonight. I wanna make you feel good Cas. Like you make me feel. Fuck me Cas. Make me your bitch. Make me whimper. Fill me up."
"Nice to meet you Dean, feel free to read a paper or a magazine while you wait. I'll be right back with your coffee."
Michael disperses into a glow of white light.
He had worked his private admission into his wedding vows. He wanted everyone to know what Cas meant to him. After all the time he had spent repressing, denying, and attempting to subdue these feelings, he now wanted to just shout them throughout the universe.
If only he'd have realized it sooner. Reflexively he snapped his fingers.
His first encounter with the blue eyed multidimensional wavelength in the form of holy tax accountant, the angel Castiel had searched his eyes and gently asked, "what's the matter?" Before answering for him- "you don't think you deserve to be saved..."
"You are mine tonight Dean. Say it."
Again the photographer's voice pulled Dean out of reverie. She was saying here you stand like this, you here… Dean pretended not to like the fussing. “Hey it’s heaven won't the pictures turn out perfect no matter what?” The photographer sniffed, “I take pride in my craft, now scoot.”
"I'll do it," Dean's voice was firm- resolute. "Hand it over."
All too often, Sam made it just a little too easy for Dean to take him for granted. To not apologize. To justify being a dick. Because he was older and he was the boss and so what if he was sometimes harsh or domineering. Sammy needed toughening up just like everybody else,  he would tell himself. The world was a harsh place.
"That was only symbolic Dean."
Dean tried to get comfortable and drink his coffee. It's hot liquid slid down hai throat and spread its warmth throughout his body. Surprisingly he felt quite calmed...  he wondered if the coffee had been drugged and he tried to be pissed about it but he couldn't. He hoped that Castiel was not a monster or a demon, because he seemed to have disarmed Dean and the Hunter felt like there was nothing he could do to combat it.
The husbands got new slices and took their seats, inviting the guests to help themselves. When everyone was distracted in the cake line, Dean pulled Cas out of public display and around a corner, pressing him against the wall, torso to torso. “I can’t wait to get you alone angel.” Dean said licking a bit of topping from Cas’s jawline.
“Dean, is that a dad joke?” Did Cas sound uncertain or mildly annoyed? It was sometimes hard for Dean to distinguish.
Dean decides that he doesn't mind the ghost town feeling of a completly empty coffee shop with an inviting fireplace. He clears his throat and says, "well all right," as he makes himself comfortable at the table in front of the blazing fire.
The town was pretty much deserted. Shop after shop displayed the "Closed" sign. Almost all were the 'red cursive on a white background standard hanging on a rope, flip me over when it's time to open up' sign hanging in the front window.
Dean couldn't face his own self-assessment. He couldn't look at his own true reflection.  He just drank and pushed it down, looked away, numbed himself, and pushed his negative feelings onto someone else.
"You don't son," John Winchester stood before him. Not the young John, the older version, as he looked the last time Dean had seen him. It didn't make sense, why would their dad be in the empty?
Micheal starts to say more. Chuck holds up his hand, "Go to your room."
Jack recognizes something. "Dean. Listen to Sam. He has something important on his mind. I'm going to go figure out a plan of action." And then the Nephilim is gone.
Dean's space-filling chatter trailed off. For just a moment, silence.
He saved me.
Dean noticed that Castiel, with his mussed up dark hair and glittery mischievous eyes, was taking a long appreciative look at him. Was the barista... checking him out?
Dean stretched his feel out to feel the warmth of the fire. The logs and twigs crackled cheerfully. Dean was starting to think the whole joy to the world vibe of this place was going to make him sick. What was he thinking leaving the hotel room anyway?
"And now you're afraid," Sam said slowly, "that if you say it back, something will take you too. That you'll be punished."
And it was true. He'd later told Sam and Bobby, "If there is a God, why would he save me? I'm just an ordinary guy."
Chuck struggled for words, thoughts.
"Sam! Cas is gone! He's not coming back. You're in denial. Chuck is just playing us."
Finally they got focused as the photographer took the shots of the two of them holding the slicer together, hand over hand, and pressing into the creamy delicious looking dessert.
Dean looks into Cas's eyes and says, "Cas... you're my miracle."
Those words echoed in his head. Cas-cas-cas-cas-cas... saved me- saved me- saved me- saved me...
And then you have none.
“Sorry,” Dean growled faintly. “I was enraptured.”
"Cas belongs here son. Go home and don't come back."
"I just wanna make sure we understand each other buddy. Ya know. That there won't be any hurt feelings or uh...expectations. I mean uh... you know... I dont expect anything from you."
The boys had siphoned off his divinity into the nephilum... leaving him human-- powerless and fragile and in need of food and water and oxygen.
"Dean think about it. He called you. He pretended to be Cas. He said 'Can you let me in?' Dean you let him in. You opened your heart."
"Sammy! I couldn't save him. And you-- you can't save me."
"Yes brother, you know what you have to do. I'll wait here."
Cas didnt have any lubes so he had to use saliva. He shoved his hand in Dean's mouth so Dean could lick and suck at his fingers. Something had told him that Dean would like it rough, that he would like for Cas to take over, to take HIM over.
How had he been such a fool?
Come on buddy let's sit on the hood, look up at the universe.
Cas wondered... who are Bert and Erney? And gay... Cas new what the word meant but it was so foreign to him. As an angel, cas was indifferent to human sexual orientation.
Sometimes when Dad was away for a long time on a hunting trip, and Sammy would mess up like a typical kid, spilling his drink or something careless, Dean's pain and anger would boil over and Dean would hear his dad's words spilling out of his own mouth, blasting Sammy with verbal daggers. Dean just couldn't stop himself and sometimes he felt terrible afterwords. But some times he felt so much relief and satisfaction being on the other side of those words. And he knew his brother didn't deserve it, but he just didn't know how to make it stop.
Dean realizes that he has just performed his first- and probably only- miracle. But he also realizes something else. Castiel *is* the miracle.
The elder Winchester never saw it coming. Nothing out of the ordinary until the last millisecond and then… he was blinded by a faceful of cool smooth mush as Castiel smooshed the chocolate silk pie simply everywhere above Dean’s neck. Dean cleared his eyes with his fingers to look at the angel. His tone of mock betrayal, mixed with genuine surprise: “What the hell man?”
Dean drew back his arm to clock John one more time, good and hard. But instead the John image melted away like a mirage.
And then the two finally kiss. A real kiss this time, both parties actively participating. Their lips press together, their mouths open and their tongues search and find each other. Dean's hands are in Cas's messy hair and Cas wraps his around the hunter's body which feels so good pressed against his own. Their is release and homecoming and joy. Cas never believed that this day would come. He wasn't sure that it wasn't some kind of dream or trick, but it couldn't be because Dean was in his arms and Cas was human and nothing bad was happening. It wasn't disappearing. Dean was still dean, still beautiful. And still in his arms.
Dean are sure-?
"This isn't real. You're not my dad. TELL ME how to free him."
But it was much more than that. Dean wasn't just some ordinary guy. He was particularly unworthy, he was a failure. The people he tried to save, more often than not died. He was poison. Sammy was right to get as far away from him as possible, go to college, get a respectable job, be the man Dean could never be. Yet when Sam had done so, the sting of rejection and the echoes of abandonment had threatened to swallow him up.
Cas himself beamed at the words. Looking handsome in his wedding tux. Cas felt the familiar stirring from his heart to… well everywhere. If he was meant to feel only pure and innocent love in this moment, he was failing. As much as he appreciated being surrounded by their loved ones, Cas couldn’t wait to get his big ol’ lumberjack alone.
"Ahh, I see. So you're into gothic horror novels?"
"Son."
Dean exhales and just allows his body to relax, of not all the way, just slightly, allowing the heat to warm him. Still, ever vigilant he looks around wondering if hes somehow stumbled into a haunted coffee shop or what. He doesnt really feel in tbe mood for ghost busting, he just wanted to get out of his head and not think about Sammy's temper tantrum or his baby brother taking off with his.. Baby.
Dean stood his ground. "No dad. I'm a man. And I'm in love with another man."
"Help me get these off," dean breathed, tugging at his own jeans. He was on top of cas now, straddling him, covering his mouth. Cas reached inside the back of the jeans and cupped Dean's ass, yanking Dean towards him impatiently, against him roughly; smashing their bodies together hard.
"I'm yours Cas. Oh god it feels good."
“Dean,” Cas’s gravely voice broke through his introspection. “The photographer wants us to move over to the cake now.”
Dean pushed Cas back against the car door, gave those pants one final yank, and then his mouth was enveloping him. Dean's warm wet mouth covered the manly parts of Cas's vessel,  the most sensitive part of his human anatomy disappeared inside of Dean's surprisingly eager "cakehole" as Dean was filmed of saying. Cas really did feel like one of Dean's beloved pies or sandwiches, as he was overtaken my sensations that he wouod never been able to imagine. He had never known anything could feel so good. Cas moaned.
It was the kind of conversation that they would have over and over and none of the players ever seemed to tire of their lines. We all have those favorite stories in our families. Sometimes Sam would add, “the number of times I thought to myself… ‘you two know people can see you right?…’” and then Dean would usually punch him in the arm and say, “jerk.” Sam had taken to saying, “I love you too bitch.” The more things change, in heaven, the more they stay the same. It no longer seemed important to hide their brotherly love behind insults, but they enjoyed keeping up the tradition.
"Very well, sir." The barista put his pad and pen balc into his coat pockets. "By the way my name is Castiel. Be sure to let me know if there is anything else I can do for you." Something about the softness in his voice and the look in his eye suggested... something that Dean chose to ignore.
"Come on Cas, follow me."
Chuck looked at Amara. "They are trying to lure me with the book... but I already know that the answers aren't there. Still... if I don't punch them... i guess I should show up."
Dean nuzzled into his arm, wiggled a little, stretched his legs and opened his sleepy eyes. He had a soft relaxed smile for a moment as he looked at Cas, but then he coughed and pulled back ever so slightly.
Could he bring it back? He snapped again and it returned. Could he travel? He snapped himself into the kitchen. He snapped himself into Paris. He snapped himself onto the moon.
And Michael... he was off too... and he was definitely on the verge of betrayal. The only hope they had was to trick him somehow... what was there next move? Sam wasn't ready to give up.
Their naked bodies were rubbing against each other. Like two teens dryhumping in the backseat of... well. The hard manliness of their male organs geindijg into each other through the jeans and then when the jeans had slipped away, through the thinner material of underwear. And Cas knew, those too had to go.
Wait... what?! How could that be???
Dean chuckled.
Before long, a jolly looking fellow came out of the backroom, whistling a christmas tune. He was carrying a big bag of coffee beans and an armful of whipped topping. "Merry Christmas, sir. I'll be right with you, the man, who was wearing a tan trenchcoat, chirped.
"Dont be soft boy!"
Cas felt something change in him suddenly. He could feel how close he was to coming and he knew he was going to cum inside Dean Winchester.
Dean cant help but correct him, "Christmas is over," the grumpy hunter grumbles.
Jack looks over at Sam, "Did he figure it out yet?"
"So.. ah... Castiel, is it? How'd you draw the short straw to work the Holliday shift?"
"You didn't survive DAD! I did. I'm still here! I'm still here and Sam is still here and I'm strong, I've been strong all my life. I can be strong and love a man. Because I AM strong and I DO love a man."
What Cas had been.
Everything was going well, and then Sam realized that Dean was keeping secrets again.
He never told anybody about this shame, about these thoughts. He never put them into a light airy place where he would be able to see how ridiculous it was to think that a 4 year old could do anything to stop a demon or save a grown woman from being murdered.
and slumped in his chair. Dean cried until he cracked open. Dean cried because he didn't want to let his secrets out. Because he was afraid. Dean cried.
Nice reversal dean... Cas thought.
Cas, the angel from heaven, had never known that paradise could feel so good as it did with Dean's pillowy lips wrapped around his most delicate organ.
"Good cuz I- you know- well that... that was a one time thing you know," a shy smile and attempt at humour, "last night on earth and all."
"Yeah?! What's that?" Dean's losing his cool. He doesn't like this one bit and ready to slug Chuck in his smug little face.
*Misery loves company.*
Cas puts his hand over the phone as if to pause, "You're right, we don't want them to worry. Let me make the call."
How could there possibly be intruders to the empty? And why would anyone break in to a place where no one wanted to be?
Anna rolled her eyes before looking over her shoulder at her brother. “That’s how you make friends, Alfie!” She turned back to Castiel and Dean and smiled, her hand still outstretched and waiting.
“Oh, uh, yeah…” Dean nodded. “We’re working on a new schedule, right now I have him Friday nights and every other weekend. But I bring him home to his mom’s after school during the week.”
He didn’t know what this meant, not for him. Lisa hadn’t been bit, not that he knew of… the radio broadcast never actually covered how the disease was transmitted or even the process of infection. For all he knew, he was now a dead man walking, and the moment he stopped to sleep would be the end.
As Dean stumbled through his answers, the cool, calm, collected boy he used to be was nowhere in sight, and Castiel had a moment of triumph knowing that he was the reason for it. Seemingly unfazed by Castiel’s earlier outburst, Ben slipped underneath the table to sit beside Dean on his knees, back to talking to Jack.
Claire shrugged, but when Jo waited, she groaned and answered, “Sometimes. Haven’t lately.”
Dean looked up again, narrowing his eyes at John. “Are you telling me to stop hunting? Because I tried that life, Dad. I tried and I
Castiel’s shirt was already rucked up, exposing his stomach, and Dean took advantage, smoothing his hands over Castiel’s heated skin. He made quick work of Castiel’s jeans, the other man lifting his hips enough for Dean to slip them down his thighs.
"It's not like you can say no to the Crowned Prince," Bobby muttered, then quickly cleared his throat and slid off his stool. "I got some stuff to do around 'ere, but I'll be at Ellen's in an hour or so. Why don't you boys show Castiel something a bit more interesting than this hot dump."
Castiel huffed a small laugh, reaching forward to take Dean’s hand in his own. “Call me crazy, but I’m pretty sure I’m falling in love with you.”
Dean pressing up against his back shook Castiel from his thoughts, and he leaned his head back against the Alpha's shoulder as large, warm hands trailed over his stomach. "Welcome home," Dean whispered against his ear, deft fingers working to get the buttons that move down Castiel's side open. Castiel lets him, enjoying the feel of his mate's firm body pressed against him, solid and sure.
Castiel feels itself summoned by the righteous man. It sees the sigils surrounding its vessel as lights burst above it. It senses damage to its body.
Castiel turns to Dean, humor in his eyes. "Of course not. That is ridiculous. Lucifer is not interested in New Jersey."
He forces a laugh. "He's new."
Castiel flees from this problem with Dean Winchester.
The angel of Thursday follows the words of the righteous man. He will always follow Dean.
The more experienced man starts to cough, leaning away from Castiel to get him to stop talking. "Agent Clapton, how about you call our supervisor and tell him that William is dead."
A sonic shriek, a blinding light; Castiel is reaching for the righteous man. Michael's vessel, the savior and protector of men. The sword of heaven.
A woman with poofy ombre hair ambles over. "Well hello, agents! I'm Sheriff Munthrow. Follow me to my office where we can talk."
The sheriff leans back in her chair, looking at the ceiling. "We have no idea what killed William. It looks like he was mauled by a wild animal."
Sam will not meet the entity.
Sam laughs. "Shut up. So anyways, get this. New Jersey seems to have some pretty major lore. There have been multiple reports of shit going down around what the locals call Clifton's Gates of Hell-" Dean interjects, "that's horse shit, the gate to hell isn't in Jersey." "-Yeah, I know. They think it is in a storm drain mimicking the nine layers of hell. It's supposedly filled with corpses and ritualistic remains - and a glowing skull that summons Satan."
Sam grins mischievously, tilting his head low, concocting an elaborate scheme in his head to get back at Dean. "Just get going, jerk."
Munthrow looks between the two men, doubt appearing on her face as Castiel walks out of the room. "How long have you two been agents, exactly?"
Dean exhales loudly, almost groaning. "No clue. Let's call Sam and head down to the morgue, see this body for ourselves and rule out the usual suspects. This might not even be our kind of case."
Castiel hangs up.
Against all odds, despite the demon deal, Dean Winchester is alive. He cannot reach his brother no matter how hard he tries. He finds Bobby.
Squinting at Dean, Castiel lifts himself out of the chair and smooths his coat. "I will call the supervisor." A wink.
Dean lets out a dry laugh, wandering further into the room and doing a quick once over. "I can't imagine any better use of your time."
The righteous man cringes and collapses to the ground, clutching his ears. Electronic devices spark and crackle, the man-made glass shatters. Castiel is silent.
The question. An answer.
____________________________________________________
Castiel is the savior of the righteous man.
I am also using this fanfiction to practice my grammar.
The angel must return to Heaven. There is business to attend to. He would stay with Dean Winchester for a lifetime if he could.
.......................
Castiel watches. It stays silent. Dean Winchester drags himself free from the ground, gasping for breath. He stumbles until he reaches a building.
Dean and Castiel follow the sheriff into her office with no remarkable characteristics, the walls beige and the carpet orange. Sheriff Munthrow stalks over to her chair and sits with a huff.
Dean, Bobby, and Sam visit the psychic Pamela Barnes. She demands to see the entity that freed Dean. It warns her to turn back. She does not. Its name is Castiel. Her eyes are burned from their sockets. The righteous man is furious.
Castiel is standing beside the impala looking lost, a phone hanging limply in his hands when Dean walks out. Dean gives Cas a once-over. "You were supposed to look around."
Bobby does not trust him; it hurts, in a way. Dean Winchester knows he is human. Dean willingly experiences physical pain, he goes through the trials. Bobby trusts him. Dean Winchester is enough.
The more-experienced man adjusts his tie, taking a seat beside the other. He leans over, speaking in a hushed and playful tone. "Looks like they weren't expecting visitors."
It fights the demon hordes. It breaks through the chains of the punished. Every moment of its millions of years of existence led to this moment, this moment teetering on the edge of a cliff. The first seal has been broken. The apocalypse must come. It is a soldier - God's will cannot be broken.
Dean Winchester feels remorse. He misses Sam. He misses Bobby. He misses Cas.
"This gate is relatively new, only a few centuries old. A powerful coven created the pathway before being killed by angels. The angels who killed them ensured no man would encounter the skull."
The two men walk to the front desk, Dean ringing a small bell that summons a tired looking man. Castiel stares at the man, studying him. The motel worker blinks and Dean is already introducing himself as Jimmy Page while requesting a room with two beds, sliding money towards him. Dean is handed a pair of keys and hastily abandoned by the worker.
.......................
An undefinable moment stretching and compressing into a feeling that could only be described as freedom.
Castiel briefly looks to Dean for answers, sensing tension on the woman, but Dean is already sitting. The chairs in here are plastic as well. The ex-angel stands still for a moment, dreading the uncomfortable seating and sitting down as well.
____________________________________________________
Running his thumb along the smooth expanse of the key as they walk, Dean tilts his head in Cas's general direction (somewhere behind him and slightly to the left) as they find their motel room. "You seem pretty tired," the green-eyed man remarks.
Dean let his fingers dance on the wheel of Baby, his mouth tightening into something grim before carefully returning to a neutral position. Dean waves his hand in a movement that Cas cannot interpret. "I know that, Cas. It's just, well, I already know you, you know?"
........................
Dean quickly cuts Sam off, aware of the ex-angel standing beside him. "I will take that laptop from you and force you to drag those giraffe legs of yours to the library."
The righteous man awakens, gasping for breath, clawing to escape the confines of an early grave. Dirt sprinkles down on him - his lungs burn, his eyes sting, his ears ring.
Dean Winchester pours salt along the inside of the building; he drinks and eats. He grabs a magazine only capable of being created by humans. He rolls up his sleeve and finds the mark of Castiel.
Sam's voice crackles from the speaker. "Get anything useful from the sheriff?"
Cas speaks up. "We were directed to the morgue by the sheriff to inspect the remains. They will likely know where the body was found."
I have carpal tunnel syndrome so this isn't going to be updated for months.
Dean Winchester is dead.
Dean nods cautiously, a forced smile on his face. "Good idea."
His time had passed. His death had come. He had known it would end like this; killed by a lifetime of agony and never living up to his father's expectations. Never being enough.
Would a good father erase all memories of a loving mother from his sons, would he teach a man to have no sense of self-worth? Would a good father tell his son that there are no angels watching over him? Perhaps if John had been a more holy man, Dean would not have suffered. Perhaps he could have gone to baseball games and learned to believe he was worthy of saving. Perhaps Dean Winchester would have immediately believed that Castiel, an angel of the Lord, could protect him.
Slowly turning his head towards Dean, Cas nods and fumbles for his phone from his trench coat pocket. Dean waits a moment before the telltale sign of a phone call being made rings out.
The receptionist glances at the badges before giving the pair of men a polite smile. "She's in her office. I'll tell her you're here, if you could take a seat."
I've changed a bit of information about Clifton's Gate's of Hell to better fit my story.
Dean's eyes widen, his lips curling in disbelief. "I hate urban legends. Cas, is there any way any of this is true?"
The angel of Thursday has died for the righteous man. Bobby Singer has died for humanity. Sam Winchester has been lost to the Cage. The apocalypse has been avoided.
Scratching along his chin, Dean feigns being in deep thought as he sets his own bags next to the other bed. "I'll tell you as soon as I do. Don't you worry that pretty little head of yours."
Genuinely surprised, Dean's eyebrows shoot up, his mouth dropping open a fraction. A calm fury seeps through his teeth. "One of these teens are dead and you didn't start with that?"
Dean Winchester sweats and remembers humanity. He remembers needing to take care of Sam. He remembers needing to be there for Bobby. He recalls the years spent carefully and intricately caring for Baby.
Sam looks up from where he had been typing, glancing between the two men before him. He takes note of Dean's seemingly forced nonchalance and Cas' wary expression. The younger Winchester clears his throat. "You mean doing the research that let's us save these people? Yeah, I'll get right back on that, Dean. Clearly I was distracted by Busty Asian-"
The angel speaks to the righteous man. It tells him his duties; his role in the upcoming war between heaven and hell.
This grabs Castiel's attention. "Is his heart intact?"
Dean Winchester suffered at the hands of his father. He depended heavily on his brother. He met an angel who knew he deserved to be saved, and he found himself hoping - for what, he did not know.
Dean doesn't bother lecturing Cas about personal space.
A human hand(Castiel recognizes it as belonging to the devout man Jimmy Novak, his vessel) clings to the righteous man's shoulder. The angel feels his essence fuse with the man's soul.
Dean Winchester is saved.
Dean will. Bobby will.
Dean and Bobby find Sam in a motel. He is with a woman. The woman leaves and Sam is not to be trusted. He claims innocence. Bobby and Dean choose to trust him.
Castiel turns his head away from the window to look at Dean. "I am aware of how to act, Dean. I have been alive for several millenia. I understand human nuances."
Munthrow blinks at Cas. "He was torn into. His body's in the morgue. What's left of it, anyway."
Dean thanks the receptionist, Cas commenting "You are doing very important work." Dean gestures for Cas to join him in sitting on the plastic chairs.
Sheriff Munthrow takes a deep breath, adjusting a pile of papers on her desk. "I take it you two didn't come here for a social call. This is about all those teens going missing. I have no idea what I'm going to tell their parents."
The impala rolls into a motel's parking lot several hours later, the sun already set. Cas is asleep and Dean can feel his eyelids drooping. Dean shakes Cas's shoulder, saying his name.
The world is ending tomorrow.
Dean sighs out a small "yep," reaching into the backseat to grab his duffel bag and suit, stepping out of the car. Cas follows his example, grabbing his things and practically stepping on Dean's shoes in his casual rush to catch up.
(See the end of the chapter for
A ghost of a smile appears on Dean's face as he momentarily takes his eyes off of the road to look at Cas. "Thanks, Cas."
Dean's fingers stop tapping the wheel, gears seeming to turn in his head. "These other people," he ventures, "they're professionals. They think you need to be on their level. They're jackasses."
Dean, Bobby, and Sam return to Bobby's house and prepare their defences against Castiel.
"There is one weird thing, though."
Castiel feels doubt towards Heaven. Castiel feels pride towards Dean.
Castiel returns. He sees Dean Winchester. The angel heals his wounds. Castiel revives Bobby Singer. He is loyal to Dean Winchester - so much more than the righteous man.
Dean insists that Castiel goes with him to a den of inequity. Castiel is hesitant. Castiel does not want to sin with a human he does not know - he wants to sin with Dean Winchester.
Castiel is an angel of the Lord. It has felt the guilt and remorse emanating off of the righteous man. It has allowed its essence to mingle with that of a human.
Castiel nods before remembering Dean is not actually looking at him. "The car ride took a considerable amount of time."
Dean subconsciously leans closer to the phone, focused. "Turns out one of those kids are dead and the sheriff conveniently left that detail out so we're headed to the morgue."
Dean Winchester is human.
Hellfire warmed the righteous man's insides. He screamed and thrashed, incapable of freedom.
.......................
A little "hm" comes from the phone. "Tell me once you have more information. I'm checking out monsters that have been known to be in the area. I've called some hunters and so far I haven't found anything that goes bump in the night.
Castiel follows Dean to the den of inequity. He tells a woman her father hated his work, he did not hate his daughter. She is furious. Castiel does not understand.
The youngest of the trio pauses. "Mauled? Did she mention where?"
The woman looks left and right, as if checking for eavesdroppers. She leans forward almost conspiratorially, lowering her voice slightly. "I'm not one for bashing on teens, but these are trouble-makers. Sure, they acted nice but every other weekend they were at the station. Always got caught exploring and vandalizing abandoned buildings and what-have-you. Not to say they aren't nice kids, but put five teens together and they'll wreak havoc."
Would a God so cruel create an angel fated to fall for a man? Perhaps if it had been a different man things would have been easy. Castiel would still be among his brothers and sisters; he would be unburdened by the grace that mingled with the blood of humans. Things could never be easy. Castiel had not fallen for a different man.
The ex-angel smiles softly, the corners of his eyes crinkling. His hands clench minutely, barely noticeable. If Cas notices how beautiful the greens of Dean's irises are, he doesn't say anything when he turns back to look out the window.
When he handed the lighter over to Jack, the younger man let out a shaky breath, staring down at his candle. His throat clicked as he swallowed and shook his head, looking over at Castiel. “What if I’m not ready?”
Castiel opened his mouth to say ‘no!’, to tell her that this was
Dean rolled his eyes, shaking his head. But he knew the way Castiel felt. While Dean had long since come to terms with the knowledge that he was bisexual, it had been years since he’d noticed anyone other than Lisa. He licked his lower lips as he found Castiel’s eyes in the dim light and leaned forward, Castiel’s breath hot on his face as he exhaled sharply. “I won’t make you stay in here alone, Cas. Promise.”
Sam tossed down the cards in his hand and reached for his beer, draining the rest of it. “You told me you’d never played poker before,” Sam accused, laughing as Castiel smiled back at him, adding his cards to Sam’s and leaning back.
Holding the basket handle over his arm, they moved back out to the bar so Castiel could pick up the tankards of beer. He said goodbye to both of the Harvelle women and then made his way out of the bar. He couldn’t help but smile again as he walked into the Bunker, the atmosphere just as warm and welcoming as it was the first time he was there. It didn’t hurt that everything in his life was coming together; for once, he was excited for what tomorrow would bring. Instead of living every day in a monotonous routine, he had choices and a future.
“We’re going to sleep,” Castiel said finally, picking up the last bottle they’d cracked open and pushing shakily to his feet. “Before Dean passes out right here on the hardwood floor.”
“Claire,” Castiel sighed and rubbed his temples, grimacing into his palm. Dean found himself chuckling, glad that Ben wasn’t in his teenage years yet.
The towns he passed were all just as dead as the ones he’d walked through, and most of the exits remained barricaded, only a few had been pushed out of the way. He ignored every time he felt dizzy, ignored the heaviness behind his eyes, and cracked the window to keep himself awake. The clock on the dash read 4:45 PM and Dean wondered how accurate that actually was… there was no way he’d slept the entire morning away. He’d sworn it was only noon, at the latest, when he finally got himself into the truck…
“And you don’t have to say it back, you don’t have to-”
“Dean!” Castiel groaned his name, his fist tightening to the perfect pressure as he helped Dean ride out his orgasm. Dean’s thighs were shaking and he leaned further into Castiel’s body, nearly knocking them over. Castiel released Dean’s softening cock and reached for Dean’s hip, holding them both steady.
Sam couldn’t help him that time. Dean sold the garage and used the money to live off of, locking himself in the large, three bedroom house with only Jack Daniel’s for comfort. He wouldn’t see anyone - not Uncle Bobby, not Sam or Jess, not his best friend Charlie. Lisa would text him every week or so, with updates about Ben, but never answered any phone calls or replied to any of his drunken ramblings or questions.
Dean’s mouth watered.
“Yes, follow me.” She turned and started in the opposite direction down the dark corridor, Dean and Castiel taking a few steps after her before she spun around again with a hand up to halt them. “When Frodo sent Sam away after Gollum convinced him that Sam was eating their supplies on the steps of Cirith Ungol, how did you feel?”
Castiel reached up to take it, holding it carefully as he withdrew it from the sheath. His eyes widened as the water-steel gleamed in the overhead lights. “He took care of these weapons. And they are high-quality,” he said softly as he tested the balance before sheathing it.
Castiel took it carefully, as if it were made of gold, and let his thumb run over the inscription. He held it up between them, waiting for Dean to meet his eyes. “This is amazing, Dean. You should be proud of yourself.”
“Yeah, no. If anything, he’s even more attractive. It’s really not fair…”
“She sounds pretty important,” Dean suggested and Castiel bit back a smirk at the jealous tone in his voice.
family. You belong here, with us.”
Dean pushed back up, looking down at Castiel in alarm. "Can you... do that?"
They’d been in Kansas for a week, and though they weren’t free of stress or any drama - though it seemed most of it was Castiel’s - he was impressed and proud of how quickly the kids had settled in. They had plans to pick up paint over the weekend, each of the kids picking out their own colors for their rooms, and Castiel needed to get rid of the god awful marigold color in the kitchen and main bathroom. Most of the boxes were put away and broken down. Yesterday, Claire started asking questions about the high school and asked if they could do a ‘drive by’.
“I’m good,” she decided, steering to the left to head to the passenger side. Dean nodded, deciding not to push. She still had a little while left before she officially started Driver’s ed and they would hopefully help build up her confidence.
“People have family and people travel,” Charlie answered and waved them through the door to the office. The space was simple, containing a couch that had seen better days and a desk covered in files and loose papers. As soon as the door shut behind them, they were plunged into a darkness broken by the sounds of Charlie rustling around, swearing under her breath.
Anna shook her head, reaching forward. Between the beds was a desk, various knick knacks from their time in college, a few left over from high school, were strategically placed around, leaving enough room for a large alarm clock that displayed the night sky on the ceiling and a spot for a laptop. Anna picked up a shot glass from Jimmy’s first job at Margaritaville in Florida, where he went to school.
“It still has the potential to crash and burn,” Castiel commented, giving a small shrug. “He could already be mated or have someone else in mind.”
“But that’s why we couldn’t stay. I get it,” Castiel nodded his head. “It's kind of amazing, really.”
"I... want to thank you, Castiel, for agreeing to be my husband."
Dean couldn’t hold back the smile and shook his head as he moved forward. From the few houses they could see, the town was dark, but that didn’t necessarily mean it was empty.
So, Dean really couldn’t fuck this up.
The walk back to the stable that evening was quiet, both Dean and Castiel lost in their own thoughts. When they reached the main doors, Dean stopped, scuffing the toe of his boot into the dirt as he unlocked the doors.
To the right, tables were set up in rows with plates, glasses, and silverware set up for the next meal. More lunch boxes were on a table at the end, although these were opened and stacked inside of one another. It was empty of all people.
“Cas?”
“Water’s fine, Cas,” Dean answered and he heard the other man slide the glass over the counter. He debated, then closed the door and grabbed a second glass to get water for himself. They made their way into the living room and Castiel hesitated before walking past his chair to sit on the couch. He held his breath and waited for Dean to sit, smiling when Dean chose the middle cushion beside him.
He paused at the second set of doors, leaning against the frame of the doorway to the right, listening. He heard the soft snores of one of the girls and nodded, content. Then he turned around to the last door, left cracked for him, and pushed it open. Castiel was spread out on one of the bunks, his jacket off and hanging up on the corner post. He cocked his head and smiled at Dean through the slats.
“You’re welcome,” Dean answered, pushing up from his chair. “Break’s done. I should get back out there.”
“Dean,” Castiel whispered, his voice thick with emotion and Dean found himself wanting to comfort him. Though he wasn’t sure why. “There is no way I was going to leave that place without you. Come hell or high water, I was going to save you. And if that meant the end of my life? Then that was worth the risk.”
“I know how big they are, Cas,” Dean snorted, resisting the urge to roll his eyes. “But I’m saying if we just did a straight shot to New York, we could go through the water. Hell, we might even be safer going that route. There are bound to be boats or jet skis or something.”
“Your brother made himself very clear and I agree with him.”
“Hey,” Claire said, looking over Kali’s outfit. Her eyes widened when she got to the thin, heeled red shoes. “How do you not break your neck in those?”
“Can we build a fire pit, too?” Ben asked, jumping in his seat as he turned fully to face Dean. “Please? Please, Dad? Can we?”
Dean gave a sharp laugh but suddenly Garth was in his face, pushing his shoulders into the chair and blocking his knees.
to see the horses since he’d arrived in Lawrence. Slowly, Castiel smiled and nodded his head.
he would never make a decision that would change your life without talking to you both. Especially a relationship. I - he could very well meet someone and be interested in taking that next step, and if he did? Your opinion on that person would matter so much to him.”
"I... can't live in the castle, Cas. It's not my life. Just walking around the grounds brings back so many memories..." Dean trailed off and Castiel gave him a quick kiss, reassuring him that it was alright.
Castiel’s sudden laugh was beautiful and Dean found himself pressed against the passenger door, shivering as snow slipped down the back of his jacket, then shivering at the heat in Castiel’s kiss.
“Oh! Thank you,” Jody answered with a smile. Castiel handed her the candle, following her into the living room to get two of their flashlights to bring back into the kitchen. Castiel and Dean were quiet as they listened to the creak of the floorboards overhead. When it was clear Jody was in Dean’s old bedroom, Castiel turned in his chair to eye Dean carefully.
He spared a small chuckle at the fact the entire sex section was empty -- no condoms, lube, or cock rings spared in the face of impending doom. But the second his laughter stopped, his stomach plummeted and he had to shove his hands in his pockets to keep them from shaking. If he had the choice, he would be taking comfort in Lisa right now, taking anything and everything she had to offer in forms of solace and giving her whatever he could in return.
The living room was empty, and the thick, wool blanket that was usually over the back of the couch was missing. It was strange not seeing his uncle sitting in his recliner or behind his desk, despite the three large bookcases that were chock full behind it looking exactly the same.
"Thought I would show Prince Castiel the town," Sam answered, giving her a squeeze before turning to look behind him. "Castiel, this is my mate, Jessica. Jess, this is-"
“Castiel, we have enough time to get a washcloth, you silly goose! Lucas isn’t going anywhere, I promise.”
Anna blew out a slow breath and looked up at him. “Mom bought a queen bed for in here,” she said softly and Castiel nodded.
Charlie simply nodded, eyes searching Dean’s. He hated her silence, almost as much as the soft broken sob he heard from Cas behind him. He looked back, seeing Sam had pulled Cas to his feet and had enveloped him in a hug.
“ Uh, for however long he wants me around.” Dean glanced up and met Castiel’s soft look, giving him a smile in return. “I’m not going anywhere.”
get an uninterrupted weekend with his son.
“No,” Dean whispered, shaking his head. He took half a step closer, Castiel letting out a surprised huff of air that Dean could feel against his lips. His eyes were wide but Dean recognized the hope in them; the same hope he’d been ignoring for
Castiel woke when the doctor came in, relaying the same information that Jo had, and again when Jo came in to do another assessment of how Claire was doing. Her labs were “shit”, as Jo said, but they had plans to go home after her fluids were done and she got some electrolyte and vitamin replacement.
“You tell her that and she’ll be taking requests from you,” Jo snorted. She moved around the kitchen quickly, wrapping meat and sides up in towels and bowls. Castiel stood where she told him, holding the basket as she packed it. She even added in a whole pie, giving him a wink as she wrapped a large towel over the top.
Chuck appeared at the top of the stairs, his arms out wide as he began to descent. “Welcome home, my family!” he said loudly, his voice strong and deep as it carried over the room.
He found himself lingering in the staff room at the coffee machine, just so he could get his, “Good morning, Dean,” and a possible brush of Castiel’s arm as he reached for his mug. They’d somehow gotten the same lunch duty and would stand on either side of the cafeteria, pretending not to look at one another more than they were looking at the kids. Since Jack and Ben have seemingly become best friends, they even stood together at the end of the day, waiting for their kids since both boys would be together.
“Claire,” Castiel said in a softer voice, but it carried on in the silence of the night - even the crickets were done singing their song, “I’m not a mind reader, okay? I don’t know if you don’t tell me!”
Dean and to this day he still didn’t really know why.
“I honestly don’t know.”
infection or
“It will give us a good vantage point, too,” Castiel said thoughtfully, sitting back on his heels. “We’ll be able to talk to everyone, see what people know. I can even suggest full physicals on everyone for the benefit of the group if need be.”
“He said I shouldn’t ‘talk about it’,” Castiel muttered darkly and Gabriel sighed, nodding his head. “As if being gay is a goddamn switch I can turn on and off.”
“I’ve seen the system fail one too many times, in fact. Statistically speaking, once an abuser knows they’ve been found out, their violence increases. The risk of them killing-” Dean trailed off and shook his head.
Time seemed to stand still, everything feeling heavy. He felt as though he was running, and yet, when he turned to look he’d barely gone past the next mile marker.
Sam sighed and reached over Dean’s shoulder, taking the bottle and glass from him, depositing both in the sink. “Well, I was going to ask if you needed me to tell him to pick anything up, but, I think you should switch to some water or something.”
“Cas,” Dean sighed as he watched Castiel’s finger trail over the area, “what are you looking for?”
what you asked me to!”
“We’re just looking around,” he called out, listening as Castiel tried to get Jack back into the car. “We don’t want any trouble.”
“Meg! I can’t date Dean.”
“I would love for you to show me the stables, Dean. Thank you,” he added and wiped his hand to the side, telling Dean to lead the way.
“You’re too good to us, Dean,” Naomi said with a soft sigh, smiling as Dean nodded his head towards her.
Ben was tapering off on the next song and Dean reached over, ruffling his hair with a chuckle. Ben groaned and batted him away, then perked up as Dean pulled into a Denny’s. As he parked, Ben was already throwing his seat belt off and poised to throw open the door, only Dean’s warning keeping him from launching himself out before the car was stopped and off.
Dean waited for Castiel and they set off towards the school together. The silence between them was comfortable, but it let him think about his conversation with Meg, and more recently, with Lisa. He had spent the rest of the weekend thinking about what he was going to do with their newfound ‘friendship’ and his rediscovered feelings…
“Yeah,” Benny said with a nod. “The navigating equipment is still working, even if we drift. But there’s no one out here on the water with us, so all we have to worry about is the weather.” He looked up at the clear blue sky and gave a shrug. “Don’t anticipate anything comin’ through, but you never know with October weather out here.”
"I'll help her," Sam said with a smile. "Make yourselves at home."
“Are you sure?” she asked, tears pricking the corner of her eyes as she came over to look into the chest.
Dean drew back and turned, wincing as Castiel slipped free. He met Castiel’s eyes and couldn’t help but feel like he was missing something. “I don’t..?”
be in a relationship with another boy and they refused to listen to it any longer. The more he tried to argue with them, the angrier they got, until he realized that no matter what he said, they weren’t going to accept it, accept him.
“Almost three hours,” Castiel answered, settling down on the ground and grimacing as he tried to get comfortable. “I’m sorry. It's my fault they found us,” Castiel sighed, shaking his head as he looked up at Dean. “I had to pee. Shouldn’t have left the barn...”
Together, father and son left the bedchambers. Castiel took one last glance inside the room that had been his for the last twenty years; all of his belongings and treasures were packed up and ready to go, would be carted out of the room as soon as the wedding was over. Tonight, he would be married and tomorrow he would be Crowned Prince of Lawrence.
This was the first time they'd ever been in the house together once it was complete, and the moment Castiel stepped over the threshold, his fingers intertwined with Dean's, he knew he was home. He inhaled deeply, the scents of the meadow and the river mixing nicely with the fresh wood and the hints of his mate. He smiled as Dean squeezed his hand and knew the Alpha felt the same.
“You two are probably the last ones in there,” Benny said as he passed them, clapping Dean on the shoulder. “The light switch is by the door. Please make sure you turn it off when you leave. The night lights will come on automatically.”
Castiel smiled and looked around the table, realizing that this was his new family. He smiled wider, excitement bubbling through his stomach. He had a mate, a brother, a sister. He sat up straighter in his chair.
Then Garth came back carrying a bottle of Roman’s Spring water.
“Camp isn’t
“Alright, that’s it, we need to find a ferry,” Dean said. He ran his hands over the steering wheel, leaning back into the seat before turning his head to look at Castiel. The other man rolled his eyes but had a smile on his face and Dean laughed. “Come on, Cas! Unless you’re relenting on the jet skis…”
Castiel had waited as long as he could, but he wasn’t able to push it off any longer. As it was, he had Anna, Michael, and Gabriel calling him multiple times a day, asking when he would be there. Of course, all three of his siblings had different approaches. Anna gently coaxed, Gabriel whined, Michael… well, Michael was Michael and didn’t know how to stop bossing his younger siblings around. It still made something warm settle in Castiel’s chest, knowing that they were all eager to see him. He missed them.
“I fear that Chuck has… control of this marina. I heard a few bits of the conversation at the next table, and it appears they have a few ships. They do fishing, patrols on the water, and I want to make sure that if we take a boat from here, we won’t be…” Castiel trailed off as someone walked by them, nodding hello before they twisted down a next aisle of cots.
She swatted his arm and waited for him to pick up the box Castiel left, then they followed after Castiel downstairs. Somehow, Gabriel had gotten all of the kids settled, the three of them laughing and Claire leaning over to help pin the templates onto the pumpkins out at the table. Dean looked at them, then turned an impressed look to Gabe.
Castiel felt crushed and longed to tell Dean the truth. But first, he needed to be sure. “Okay,” he whispered instead and stood, trailing after Dean to the horses and climbing on top of Phoenix’s back. They rode back to the castle in silence, Castiel watching Dean the entire ride back and thinking. He had so many questions… but he knew the perfect person to ask, as long as he could keep up his courage.
.” He flicked the water on and pushed the glass with his fingers to get it under the spray. “I just… I need to sleep, Sam.”
Dean sighed and pulled out his phone to update Lisa on the fight their son had gotten into, moving back into his office.
“Thank you, Sam,” Castiel answered, moving around the island to reach up and pull out plates from the cabinet. Dean waited on the other side, avoiding the glances Eileen was throwing at him. He accepted the stack of plates from Castiel and moved to set the table, Cas following after him with silverware and glasses.
A flicker of irritation passed over the angel’s eyes and he sighed, looking away from Dean’s face. “Yes, like I told you last night, Dean. Your brother asked me-”
“If I had been able to choose, I wouldn’t have picked anyone else to go on this crazy adventure with.”
Castiel smiled at him and nodded, listening to Gabriel tell them all about the new property he’d purchased to expand his candy business, despite having helped him scout out locations.
He slumped against the seat below deck and pulled his blanket out, ignoring the deep, heavy throb in his shoulder. Apparently, he wouldn’t be getting turned by
They passed through fields of grapes in various stages, most ready to harvest. Dean picked a few handfuls, shaking off ants that were swarming the bunch and popping a few grapes in his mouth. He couldn’t help but groan as the taste of fresh fruit burst across his tongue and Castiel rolled his eyes, holding out his hand for Dean to pass some over.
“You mean-?” Dean whispered and Castiel nodded.
Chuck left the closet doors open and collected his glass, placing it back on the small table beside the decanter as if everything that was happening was normal. Dean watched him, wide-eyed, as he reached through the hole in the wall to pop the bookcase out.
“I did
There wasn’t much work for them to do; the monthly tune-ups had been completed and none of the generators needed to be repaired, so they all sat around waiting for something to be called in on the radio.
“That would be me darling, and please, call me Rowena,” the woman answered, her voice bright and welcoming, a Scottish cadence accenting her words. “Castiel Kline, I presume?”
“Ben is a very charming young man. I’m glad he and Jack became friends, he’s been a positive influence for Jack. You’ve done a great job raising him.”
“What will this mean for you, Cas?” Dean asked, reaching his hand across the table. Castiel took it without hesitation, giving him a small smile.
“Is that a question or a comment, Winchester?” Charlie asked, then pushed the door open, the sound of Gilda moaning from the room echoing in the hallway. Dean watched a change go over Castiel, his -- boyfriend? Partner? -- last thought brought him up short and he stayed standing in the narrow hall as Castiel and Charlie disappeared from view.
good, too. But he hadn’t seen Gabriel make one since Castiel had left.
“Claire, go finish cleaning your room. Jack, why don’t you help me in here?”
“Just… I had a lot of fun tonight,” Castiel answered, giving Sam a smile. “I’ve never been a part of decorating a Christmas tree, we’ve never really done that… even though you and Dean have had the bunker, we’ve always had a hunt or some crisis to deal with. And although we’re still dealing with a crisis, it was nice to be able to step back for a night and… do this.”
Simple words, but the implication behind them was what forced Dean back onto his feet and out of the stone tomb.
“Deal,” Dean said, interrupting. Castiel gave him a smile though, so he knew he was forgiven for being rude. “If there’s no safe way to cross the lakes, we’ll find an alternative route.”
Dean licked his lips and shrugged, reaching for Sam’s shoulders to push him back down. “Sammy, he might not know where in this room. But you know what he does know? Something that we always have with us, no matter what?”
The sound of his breathing was loud in his ears and he stayed, frozen on the bed, too afraid to sit up or look around in case the chains came back. Then, the sound of them scraping against the concrete floor, unmuffled despite the rug Dean had spread out beneath the bed, made him jerk back and press against the headboard.
Dean seemed to be vibrating, and although Castiel was sure part of that was the discomfort of being in the castle, if Sam’s expression was anything to go by, but another was the fact that today was the day.
Dean could hear Castiel’s, “Jack, that’s rude, sit down please.” but Jack continued on as if his dad had said nothing, “Hey! You’re the guy who helped me not drop the buns!”
Jack nodded his head quickly, trying to hide his smile.
“It doesn’t matter if he likes us,” Lucas answered. “It's the three of us, always. No matter what happens, okay? We have each other's backs.”
“Do you boys want to take anything else? Here,” Jody reached into one of the drawers, pulling out some ammo and handing it up to Dean. “You should have handguns as a backup...” She trailed off as she scanned the wall, quickly selecting two .45 pistols and handing them over. Dean picked up a side holster and slid it onto his belt, before holstering one of the handguns into it.  He held up both a side and a chest holster for Castiel to choose from. Castiel gave him a grateful smile and took the chest holster, sliding his arms through the straps and tightening the fit.
“Awesome,” Dean replied, looking up at Castiel again. “What?” he asked, giving another small laugh. “What’s with the look on your face?”
Castiel wrinkled his nose and twisted to look at Gabe. He had no idea what she was talking about. Gabe’s eyes were narrowed slightly and he placed his bacon down on his plate.
“Cas, shit,” Dean moaned, his cock twitching against Castiel’s, “you feel so fucking good.”
Castiel glared at Claire as he picked up a styrofoam cup of water and walked to her bedside, holding out the cup and straw. “What’s uncomfortable is your unhealthy obsession with my sex life.”
Castiel laid his hand over her calf. “Are you feeling better?” he asked and Claire shrugged, looking away from him.
“There was a small group, three of them,” Jack started, walking over to the girls. Charlie gave a loud sob and reached for Samwise, pulling him and Jack between her and Gilda.
Gilda sat beside Benny, across from Charlie, and the two exhausted moms leaned over a can of peaches together. Benny passed over two cans of pears and a can of pineapple to the end of the table, digging into a can of his own.
“No, you
Once upon a time…
as her dad, now. That’s how I know.”
Dean hadn’t even considered the possibility that if Meg didn’t like him? Then it would be over.
Claire had calmed down so she wasn’t gasping for breath between her sobs, but her head was still buried against Castiel’s chest where they were kneeling in the grass. Castiel looked up over the top of her head, meeting Dean’s eyes. He looked crushed and Dean wanted to hug him, too.
Dean looked up at that again, finding Castiel’s eyes in the dark.
Cas laid down beside him, laying on his side and facing Dean, a smile still on his lips as he reached up to turn off the flashlight.
Dean blew out a small sigh of relief, knowing that the four wheels would be his safety ... at least until the gas ran out and he couldn’t find more. He missed Baby, the truck nothing like the smooth ride of his girl. There was a Toby Keith CD in the player, and he couldn’t find any other music in the glove box. At least it beat the static that the radio was playing, although he took a minute to flip through the channels just in case.
“Shit,” Anna swore as the door jerked forward, the sound of wine bottles rattling echoing in the hallway. Then, the sounds of groaning filled the air.
“Since when do you give a shit?”
“No, he said he had something important to do for Chuck,” Jack answered with a shrug.
, Dad.”
They were quiet as Castiel started up the coffee pot, Dean taking a spot at the table and gingerly touching his face. Castiel winced in sympathy and turned back to watch the coffee percolate, pouring them two large mugs when it was finished.
“Yeah, I met Lisa at a bar I was tending at and we hit it off. One night stand turned into my first real relationship after you. When she told me she was pregnant… I mean, what was I gonna do?” Dean shook his head and played with his glass in his hands. “I was scared shitless, but… Ben was the best thing to happen to me. Course, I couldn’t get my head out of my ass, even then. Lisa put up with a lot of shit. I was still drinking, I was still…” he cleared his throat again and muttered, “not over you.”
now missing the last x and the 3, but he knew from experience it still worked, still played every single track.
Gabriel sighed at that, turning his head away to look over the yard. Castiel was away from the coolers now, getting the last of the chicken off the grill onto a plate Kali was holding, and the kids were taking their time throwing bits of ice at each other. “It wasn’t my place to tell him. I wouldn’t betray your trust like that.”
“I know you didn’t,” he answered finally, shaking his head. “And you’ve never once fought for me.”
“Anyways, I…” She stopped, sucking her bottom lip into her mouth and crossing her arms over her chest again, this time hugging herself. Dean exchanged a worried glance with Castiel, then looked towards the gym.
Sam hung up the phone and sat back in his chair, staring at the window before him. Then, suddenly, he whipped the phone across the room, crumpling in on himself with a broken sob. Dean stood over his brother helplessly, staring at his shaking shoulders.
The few cars he managed to pass were locked or spoken for, someone firing a shotgun in his direction as he picked up a rock to smash out one of the windows. Soon, the effort of getting over guardrails or up and down embankments made checking out the cars not worth the effort.
Dean ignored the rise of bile in his stomach and he twisted away from Benny, facing the wall. “You’re out of your goddamn mind,” Dean whispered.
Dean raised the pistol and fired as Anna’s body crashed into them. Dean was barely able to grab the door to stop himself from hitting the ground. Uriel was preoccupied, feasting on Alfie’s warm body, but Dean knew it wouldn’t be long before his attention turned.
As they neared the center of town, Sam pointed out the building he owned. "This is The Bunker," he said and Castiel looked up at the well kept building, though all of it's windows were covered in shutters or curtains. There was soft music coming from inside and he cocked his head, wondering what kind of business Sam ran. Sam explained before he had even opened his mouth to ask. "It's a brothel, though we take care of our Omegas and Alphas. Most of our clients are widowers, though we get the occasional people searching for a companion until they can find their mate."
Claire rolled her eyes and stuffed her mouth full of another bite of her eggs. Sighing, Castiel forced himself to take another bite and not watch as Dean walked off to find the bathroom. He could hear Ben talking to the waiter as he came over to clean up the spill, and closed his eyes.
He smiled at them, earning murmurings of agreement from the crowd. Dean narrowed his eyes and tried to keep his body looking relaxed.
Dean for making him leave. Castiel did that on his own.
The only thing missing was Bobby’s gentle snoring and the humming from the central air. Dean shifted on his side, scooping the pillow with his arm and getting it comfortable under his head. He felt as if someone was watching him and his heart skipped a beat as he opened his eyes.
“Have you?” Dean interrupted, taking a large sip from his glass. “Did you give a shit when you kept Jack’s behavior from us? When you killed Belphegor? When you-”
"It was how my parents died."
is going on?”
Sam and Castiel could do it, Dean would follow either one of them to the ends of the world, knowing they’d make it.
“Oh, you look so good!” Meg was saying into Claire’s hair, the two of them squeezing each other tight and rocking back and forth. Claire’s response was muffled in Meg’s shoulder, but Dean found himself smiling at how at ease the teenager was.
He watched as Dean swallowed hard, and Castiel had a million things swirling around his brain - he should apologize for his outburst, he should continue until he’s screaming everything he’d felt over the last twelve years. Then, Dean looked at him again, his face set, and said, “Mr. Kline, if you will come with me down this hallway, I’ll show you the teacher’s lounge.”
Castiel didn’t wait for a response, only steered Jack towards the counter so he could pay. Jack had already moved on, driven by Ben’s story about frogs, to begging to head down to the pond so he could look for tadpoles. As he stood before the register, waiting for the host to come back over, he heard Ben’s voice ring out, too loud for the small restaurant.
Just as Dean pocketed his wallet again and reached for the bag of donuts, Gabriel’s hand snapped out and grabbed Dean’s wrist, gently but with enough pressure for Dean to freeze.
“I mean, I knew you weren’t going to fall for Chuck’s plan, and I knew you would get everyone out safe. You would’ve found Sammy, and God… just the two of you can change the wor-”
Dean had avoided Indianapolis, instead heading north to Interstate 65. He could see Lake Michigan in the distance and knew he was coming up on Chicago, so it was time to change direction. Interstate 80 would take him to Omaha where he would have a straight shot north again to Sioux Falls.
Dean’s voice was pitched lower, but he was still a vocal lover, every gasp and moan and sigh, Castiel greedily swallowed up. Dean’s hands were solid and warm as they pressed against his shoulders, his hips rolling into Castiel’s.
“I put some pain medication in there,” Castiel admitted, giving half a shrug as Dean tried his best to glare at him. “You need to rest, Dean.”
“Careful, buddy,” Dean said with a smile, stepping back when the child got a better grip on things. Dean looked around, then focused back on the kid. “Is your mom around? Does she have a cart?”
“You good?” Sam asked Brady, the other man nodding and looking around the small shack. He packed up what little they had left of their snacks and put out the fire while Sam, Benny, Castiel, and Dean packed their things into the trailer that was brought down. It was hitched to the back of a snowmobile, and Charlie offered to ride on that one with the baby, knowing the drive would be a little slower with the extra luggage.
Dean held his breath as he picked up his candle, suddenly finding that his eyes were swimming with tears. Beside him, Jack shifted, his knee pressing against Dean’s knee. Whether it was deliberate or not, Dean wasn’t sure, but he took comfort in it all the same.
“Well, maybe it's a short visit, or a surprise visit. I mean, it's unlikely you’ll run into him again. If you know he’s gonna shop at Dillons, maybe just hit the Walmart for now? I can ask Gabe-”
," he gasped as Dean's fingers pressed against his prostate, sending a shockwave of white hot pleasure up his spine. "Don't make me wait any longer."
“You didn’t look that scary,” Jack said with a shrug. “You just looked like you were going to throw up.”
And despite his hesitation, despite Dean still staring down at him, Castiel’s ‘I love you’ hanging heavy and perfect and warm in the air around them, Castiel
The sun was thankfully behind the car and Castiel forced himself to relax back against the seat, adjusting his hands on the steering wheel. His lower back and his thighs were already letting him know he would regret doing this in one straight shot. Claire had hinted about him letting her drive and he’d given her a look that caused the first round of loud music. Despite her claim that she was just about ready for her learner’s permit, she had another nine months before she turned fifteen. And she would only be allowed to start driver’s ed if she turned herself around…
“She’s beautiful.” Castiel patted the side of her neck affectionately before turning to Dean. “It’s been a long time since I’ve ridden.”
The entire time he traveled through Des Moines, Dean had been on edge, expecting it to be the end. It had been a struggle getting the bike through all of the checkpoints, the military gates surrounding the city were not made to be broken into, and he half expected to run into a creature at every turn.
Below him, Castiel was moving something around, probably to sit on, but Dean was too tired to open his eyes and look. He settled quickly and Dean fell asleep to the soft sounds of Castiel humming to keep himself awake.
“Love you so much,” Dean panted, reaching back to grab Castiel’s head, moving his hips back in time with Castiel’s. He groaned as Castiel hit his prostate, his entire body stiffening around Cas’ cock.
Castiel picked up some wine, a red and a white since he wasn’t sure what Dean’s preference would be, and debated on what to get for dinner. He settled on pasta with homemade alfredo sauce and ignored the little bubble of excitement he got at thinking of cooking with Dean at his side in the kitchen.
He knew without turning around that Benny was gone. The kitchen was warm, but Dean shivered anyways. He turned around, seeing the pajamas still laying in a heap on the ground, and he stared at them for a moment before picking them up and draping them back over the chair.
Charlie glanced at him and shrugged, turning away to hide her smirk. “You said we were already at the present…”
That left trying to break into any of the houses way more dangerous than it was worth in the dark, and the few churches they could see rising above the houses a lost cause. They would have to skirt around the town, just in case the painted threat would be followed through.
“Yeah,” Benny replied, nodding his head. “Though, hearing Charlie come storming up those steps… I thought that-” He stopped and cleared his throat, shaking his head. “We’re good, brother.”
“Dean, breathe,” Castiel ordered, shaking his shoulders gently.
have been - without the freaking, cult-like mentality.
Sam looked pained, but he released the bowl and stepped back. He shook his head when Castiel opened his mouth. “I’m not leaving, I’m not letting you do this alone.”
“I’ll shoot him,” the man said calmly, completely unphased by Cas’ appearance.
“Dean!”  Charlie whispered with a smile. “I’m so glad you’re okay. You’re okay, right?”
“Excuse me?”
” He dipped his head back and smiled at them, Dean still trying to puzzle together what the hell he meant. “Let us break our fast and get to today’s work.”
“Who of us haven’t broken something?” Eileen countered, signing over Sam’s shoulder. “Mistakes are part of being human, and we always fix things. Together. You and the boys have saved the world, never for even a moment second guess your importance here.”
Castiel snorted but managed to hold back the rest of his response. Of course, worry about their
“I got your back,” Gabriel said as he reached over and squeezed Castiel’s shoulder. Castiel just nodded, not trusting himself to speak, and let his brother lead him up the front steps and into the house.
Dean should’ve known he was setting himself up for the third degree. But he had told her he was open to any conversation with her. “Well, I guess things don’t always work out, you know? We were pretty young.”
“Shortcut,” Dean explained as they moved single file between the buildings. When they were back on the main path again, Dean ran a hand back through his hair. “I love Lawrence, don’t get me wrong. But the thing about growing up in a place where no one leaves? Everyone knows you, knows your history and your business, every sob story. Sometimes, I think it would be nice to have a break.”
"I'm sure Castiel would love to hear you sing, too," Sam interjected, smirking despite the look his brother was giving him.
Uriel twisted, managing to toss the Lifeless he was grappling with onto the floor before jerking his arm up and plunging a knife into the approaching one’s chest. Castiel reacted faster than Dean, swinging his Katana through the air and beheading the creature Uriel cast back.
Dean blew out the breath he was holding, searching Castiel’s eyes for a moment before nodding. He was good, it was okay, though he wasn’t sure who exactly he was trying to convince.
“And then we got to canoe down the lake, and Frankie almost knocked us over, but we were wearing our life jackets so we wouldn’t have gotten into
“Dad?” Jack came running down the stairs and Castiel closed his eyes, bracing himself at the counter where he was cutting up fruits and veggies. “Dad!” From the sound of Jack’s voice, Castiel knew what was coming.
“I couldn’t leave,” he confessed, “not again. I… I never really left. Not entirely.”
“But, I swear to you, Dean-o. You ever throw up on me again? I’ll be forced to take matters into my own hands.”
“Oh!” Castiel said softly as he crouched beside Dean, pulling out a few of the bottles. “Doxycycline, Augmentin, Keflex, Cipro… how did he get these?” Castiel asked as he dropped them back into the drawer.
“Like you said,” Dean interrupted, pushing off the couch and reaching down to grab the pizza box, ignoring Sam’s protest that he wasn’t done, “I broke his heart. The Klines owe me absolutely nothing. If Castiel is here visiting his brother? Good for him. I hope he and his husband and their kids have a fantastic time. It’s not any of my business.”
“Here we go,” Dean muttered as he took his spot beside Castiel, bracing himself against the door. They let Uriel give the count, then the five of them pushed.
Charlie nodded and quickly moved back to her spot, falling to her knees and pressing the baby against Gilda’s chest, both of them leaning over it and talking softly. Castiel was back beneath the blood-soaked sheet, giving gentle instruction to Gilda to finish up her labor, then made quick work of cleaning the area.
“My intentions?” Dean scoffed. “I hardly think that between the two of us,
“Uhh…” Dean hadn’t thought that far ahead. He hadn’t truly believed Castiel would say yes. Which, true, was probably stupid - Dean was obviously good with kids, he had a son of his own, and Castiel had seen him and Jack interacting and knew he cared for the boy. “Whatever is easiest for you? I mean, he doesn’t have anything with him at school, so he’ll probably have to go home for pajamas and stuff.”
Castiel paused mid-bite, a green bean slipping from his fork and landing on his jeans. He swore under his breath and picked it up, giving it half a look before shoving it into his mouth, chewing thoughtfully.
It was short lived.
“You guys go ahead and bring these back, Cas and I’ll find another working vehicle and meet you at the ship.”
Dean nodded and looked at Castiel who was staring down at his empty plate, deep in thought.
Castiel replied by kissing him again. Castiel’s body was warm, igniting every inch of Dean’s body with heat even though they were barely touching. The rest of the camp melted away, and the only thing that mattered was Castiel’s body against his.
“Not on purpose, no,” Dean argued, shaking his head. “But if it was impossible for you to get to me, then, well... you know.”
“Wait!” Castiel cut Dean off, stopping the Alpha from turning away again. “I was surprised, but… pleasantly so. I would love for you to go riding with me.” Castiel smiled and watched how the Alpha’s face lit up once again. “I would hate to get lost, and I am sure you know the trails around the grounds like the back of your hand.”
“Well, I told him you were free tonight, and he looked excited at the prospect. So!” She leaned over, placing her mug on the coffee table. “Do you want my help going through your bedroom?”
“I can’t see you hurt again,” Castiel whispered and Dean felt him swallow. “I can’t see Jack hurt.”
“I can’t imagine, even someone as barbaric as Dick Roman, causing the end of the world…” Castiel whispered. Dean just shrugged in response. Roman was up there on his list of people he couldn’t stand listening to, right beside President Trump. They were power hungry, ruthless and reckless with their words. They were blinded by their own selfish greed and imagined importance. Roman attempting to poison the world was believable, simply because -
Dean spotted Kevin, holding out a chair for an older oriental woman who smiled at him, reaching up to pat his cheek fondly. Mother, Dean guessed, and quickly smiled as Kevin looked up and caught him staring.
“Morning,” Dean greeted, giving a little wave.
“You’re coming with me?” Castiel asked, moving to Phoenix’s side. Dean stopped in his tracks and turned, nervously rubbing a hand on the back of his neck.
“He’s more alert,” Castiel replied, his hands gentle as they moved the cloth over the rest of Dean’s face and his neck. Dean shivered at the touch, his skin felt weird, and he clenched his teeth as he forced his eyes open. Castiel was leaning over him, a concerned look on his brow that immediately smoothed out once their eyes locked.
Dean turned as Castiel started the dishwasher to see Meg leaning against the island counter, watching them with what was left of her wine in her hand. He found himself nervous again and he looked over her shoulder, just managing to see the empty table.
Castiel nodded slowly and saw the large horse barn coming up in front of them. Part of him wanted to ask what Dean felt he had to hide, or what history he hated that people knew. He didn’t get a negative vibe from the Alpha, and the military training he’d overseen and been a part of back home gave him a lot of insight on reading people and their intentions. But, asking Dean would defeat the entire purpose of what he meant between the lines of his words. “Well,” he said after a moment, “I
Jo smiled and clapped his shoulder. “Because she has
as if he hadn’t left finger shaped bruises against the boy’s pale skin or cigarette burns on the back hands, was -
forget about Jimmy, Cassie.”
Missouri stayed, shaking her head as Dean tore through the wall, running down the hallway to the map room. Sam wasn’t there and he forced himself to steady his breathing, unable to hear anything over the sound of his own breath and the beating of his heart. He didn’t know what Castiel was up to, but he knew it was nothing good.
Despite knowing that Dean was around Lawrence, he had almost convinced himself again that perhaps there was another classic car in the area. Until he walked into the main office and saw Dean leaning against the windowsill beside a woman with fiery red hair.
“Wait!” Dean exclaimed, darting forward in an attempt to knock the blade away when he realized Castiel wasn’t going for his palm or his wrist. His body slipped through Castiel’s, sprawling him on the bedroom floor at Castiel’s feet, and looking up in horror as the angel’s last whips of bright blue grace were spilled from his throat.
She’d launched herself over the counter, nails digging at Dean’s back as she took him down to the ground. He’d received a face-full of blood before he got his wits about him, twisting around to drag her off of him by her hair. She looked like herself, like the Lisa he’d built a life with over the last six years, in every way except for her eyes.
“I’m so sorry,” Dean started immediately, “I’ll make sure to let Lisa know what happened, and he will be punished for fighting-”
"I love you," Castiel whispered, letting his fingers run back through Dean's hair, settling at the base of his neck. "I am so grateful to call you mine."
Sam hummed and Dean prepared himself for Sam to ask when he was going to get back out there. That was a conversation he really didn’t want to have. Sam already knew, of course, but still…
Rowena was watching them with a calculating expression and Castiel wondered if Dean had told her about him.
Before Castiel could ask what Sam meant, Dean was quick to say, "No. No way, Sam. Not tonight."
The first time Castiel thought he’d seen him, he’d convinced himself it was just being back here, back in Lawrence - the scent of the grocery store was as familiar as the town roads he’d driven down, easy enough to conjure up forgotten memories. The second time, it was a trick of the light, the black car zipping past was just that - a normal, old black car. Plenty of people had classic cars around here, and black wasn’t that odd of a color. It wasn’t like the Winchester’s Impala was painted neon like his brother’s car, so really… just a random car. But the third time…
“But…” Dean shook his head, relaxing once more into Castiel’s touch instead of trying to pull away. “How, Cas?”
“It’s not!” Castiel argued, jogging a few steps in front of Dean and turning, grabbing his shoulders and holding him in place. “We’ll scout the area first, and if it's too dangerous, we’ll leave!”
* ** *
were gay, if you and Dean were dating, that it would be okay for
“Bitch,” Dean quipped back, leaning away to punch Sam in the arm. “Go home to your wife.”
“Dean, calm the fuck down! What the hell are you doing?”
“Not every person in the world is going to be bad,” Castiel said slowly, glancing over at Jack. “Kelly didn’t have to take us in. Jack didn’t have to come for us or help me get you there. And maybe… maybe it's not too good to be true?”
"But legally, you and Balthazar are married, Cas."
He parked at the farthest end of the teacher’s parking lot, breathing in deeply as he shut off the ignition. The heat in the car was nearly overwhelming by the time he finally forced himself to open the car door and get out. He checked that he had his wallet and his keys, and then turned towards the school before he did something stupid like check out his reflection.
Dean nodded and cracked one eye open. He smiled when he saw Castiel laying in the grass and he dropped down, turning on his side to face the Omega. “Are they really that different?”
being friendly towards Dean. Jo fully believed Castiel was coming around and Dean hated how that made him feel hope.
“- then I will find my own way. I don’t want or need to hash anything out. It’s not only unprofessional, but it is completely unnecessary!” Castiel’s voice rose with each word and he snapped his mouth shut as Dean loudly cleared his throat, tearing his eyes away from Castiel to look down the hallway.
Dean glared at him, twisting the glass in his hands. Sam seemed completely gung-ho, ready to forgive Cas for his role in Mary’s death, in Rowena’s, but Dean
“Your father told you, Dean. You will have three lessons to lea-”
Castiel shook his head and Dean trailed off, watching him carefully. Castiel inhaled deeply, surrounding himself with the smell of Dean and the barn. Talking with Anna the night before, throughout the morning, he'd contemplated exactly what he was going to say when he got Dean alone. He'd dreamed about it, couldn't stop thinking about it, and now the words had escaped him. Dean looked beautiful in the flickering lantern light, and Castiel swallowed hard, his throat suddenly dry. The question was on Dean's lips, in his eyes, and Castiel did the first thing he could think of. He lifted his hand and reached for his collar, pulling down his shirt and baring the smooth, unmarked skin of his neck.
“Leave her alone,” Castiel bumped their shoulders, turning around to stand side by side with Gabriel. “I’m sure she’s worried about how she’s going to fit in. She’s only met you once.”
Dean glanced over at Castiel for what felt like the hundredth time in the last hour. The morning had been a little bit of a rush with repacking their bags, making sure their canteens were full and everything was split evenly as far as weight went. They sat and enjoyed breakfast together before they said goodbye to Jody and wished her luck. Dean took a moment to say goodbye to his childhood home; he knew he would never be back.
“Oh my God, I knew we would be friends!” Garth exclaimed, stepping forward and hugging Dean tightly. “I
, could never see past a few weeks of what was going to happen or where they were going to be.
“You grew up, Dean,” Meg interrupted him, squeezing his arm and then leaning forward so their faces were inches apart. “I have to tell you though, if you hurt my Clarence, or either one of my kids? I’ll have to kill you.”
It had been his friend, Victor Hendrickson, that responded to the accident. Dean had polished off two six packs and then wrapped his Impala around a tree. Somehow, he only walked away with a shattered tib-fib, a concussion, and an intervention.
“I can drive the truck with Jack,” Benny said. “There’s a tarp in the storage, we can put all of our packs in the truck bed and make sure everything’s covered in case it rains or snows.”
Dean took his time picking through the cabinets of the help desk, out of habit looking for anything that would be useful. But Castiel was standing over by the rack of maps, muttering under his breath as he threw weather damaged pamphlets into a pile on the floor.
Ahead of him, the highway stretched impossibly longer, and Castiel let his mind wander to Lawrence. He had vowed never to go back there, his parents and Gabriel coming to visit him in Pittsburgh and later on in New York. When Jack was born, his mother, Naomi, had just started to convince him to let up on his ‘foolish notion’ since Lawrence would
“He can’t be everywhere at once,” Sam argued, shaking his head.
“Dean, it’s the beginning of September. By the time we get to Lake Michigan it will be creeping into October. Do you have any idea how cold the water up here will be?”
“Live a little, Winchester!” she called back and continued skating her way across the bridge.
* ** *
Dean choked on a gasp as he heard Jack start talking about the “tall man” that “helped him with the snacks” and he spun on his heel, nearly knocking over a display of vodka in his haste to get away. He kept his head down and power-walked to the bakery, glad the kid had already been there so there would be no accidental run in.
Chuck inhaled deeply, forcing himself back to calm and drained his drink, setting the glass down on the comforter beside him.
He'd been nervous to meet Anna, worried his husband's mate would be angry Balthazar had married another, but she'd welcomed him with opened arms and explained that right now, due to the late King, this was how things had to be. With time, she hoped that Balthazar would be able to change the old laws, but for today, she was happy to call Castiel family. Anna was bubbly and bright, and the first Castiel truly called his friend.
“Cas,” Dean shook his head, “there’s no way I’m worth losing your life over. I mean, I’m just some dumbass mechanic from Indiana who was lucky enough to stumble into you.”
It was a good fifteen minute drive into the center of Lawrence and to
Castiel hummed and then said, “Remember last night when you said ‘what about this is real?’”
Michael touched upon a few of his recent cases, but as one of the top criminal defense lawyers in the state, most of his cases were highly televised and covered by the news outlets, and the current cases he wasn’t able to get into. Anna spoke about her class, the second teacher among the Novak kids, and then mentioned the one thing Castiel had hoped they would avoid all week.
“How do you know it’s from Sam?” Castiel asked, cocking his head and watching Jody walk up the wooden steps to the front door of the house.
Dean had to be dreaming. There was no way this was actually happening. He accepted the glass and then looked over at Chuck, unable to keep himself from asking, “You realize we’re living in a freaking apocalypse, right?”
“This isn’t real,” Dean replied, taking a step back. His hand moved blindly behind him, but John caught the movement and blitzed out of existence. Dean gasped as his back hit something cool and solid, the chains on his father’s body hissing like snakes as they lifted to wind around his outstretched arm.
“Here goes,” he muttered to himself, careful of the hot metal as he climbed over the rail and took his time moving down the embankment. The sign was large enough that it gave him a destination and he made his way through the trees, grateful for the temporary shade.
“So,” Castiel cleared his throat and forced his eyes forward, “have you always lived in Lawrence?”
It was silent and Castiel closed his eyes, thinking. Then, a soft voice came from the stretcher.
“But Mama!” Dean argued, trying to wiggle out of Mary’s arms, despite the yawn taking over half his face. “Can’t we wait for Daddy to get home from work and open presents?”
Then, the year Kelly found out she was pregnant, Castiel got a call from Gabriel, shocked and laughing hysterically that their mother, their straight-laced, God fearing mother, was going to a Pride Parade.
Something in his voice gave way, and Castiel sighed but didn’t argue, instead turning to fish through their gear for the flashlight. When he flicked it on, he shined it on Dean’s lap, a brow raised as he waited for Dean to explain.
“I have a few more candles,” Jack said softly, coming up from behind them. “I’m ready to light one for my mom… but, I have some extras.”
Chuck turned then, facing Dean once more, the Lifeless behind him still struggling to reach him. “Becky showed me the truth, Dean. She showed me what God wanted for us, what the new world order was to be. She is strong, she is resilient, she is worthy of his divinity. Don’t you see, Dean? This isn’t murder, this is rebirth!”
“You really think… you honestly…” Castiel stopped again, giving a sharp laugh. “Dean Winchester, you really don’t think you deserved to be saved?”
“I told them you were probably fixing your makeup,” Gabriel joked, and while usually Castiel would roll his eyes, here and now it made his stomach clench and a chill run over him. His brother must’ve picked up on the look because he looked sheepish. “Sorry, I didn’t,” he trailed off and silence took over once more.
"Of all the bloody people to fall in love with," Balthazar said finally, shaking his head as he dropped his apple back to his plate. "Dean Winchester? In another life..."
The sound of a car crunching over the loose gravel on the driveway made him look away from Claire - currently scuffing her sneakers against a decorative rock wall surrounding a small flower garden - to see an obnoxious lime green car pulling up. He snorted and stepped forward, already smiling as Gabriel parked and stepped out, crossing the few feet between them to hug him tightly.
“I suppose if I asked you to go fuck yourself, that would be fruitless?” Dean fired back and Chuck laughed, taking a deep sip from the glass.
"Mating trumps marriage, Dean. A marriage can be dissolved while a mating can not. I will not let a contract stand in the way of the rest of my life with my Alpha. You're my mate, Dean. And I will do what needs to be done to be with you."
“Why?” Castiel asked absently as he looked down the rows of horses. By a quick count, there were twenty or so standing proudly in their stalls, most of them coming to stick their heads out in greeting when they heard Dean’s voice.
“No, you weren’t. You were scared! And as an adult? I understand that. I think back to our relationship and it
Castiel squeezed Dean’s leg before moving over to join Uriel, accepting a bottle of water to wash away the blood from Anna’s wound so he could see what they were dealing with. Uriel sat beside him, watching carefully, though he let Castiel work. Alfie accepted cases of water and food from Dean, stacking them in the hallway for them to put away once they were cleaned up.
* ** *
If he was going to turn into some goddamn zombie, at least the crypt was a fitting place for him to die. He picked up his bag and carried it over his good shoulder, then reached down to drag the bike back up onto its wheels.
know or else he would lose everything.
“So, hate for him to go but love to watch him leave, huh?”
"You're so beautiful," Dean broke the silence, his fingers brushing down the side of Castiel's face and tipping up his chin. "How did I get so damn lucky?"
He wasn’t sure it was that simple.
Dean nodded, giving Jack a small smile. “You’re welcome to join us, Jack. If that’s what you want.”
Gilda and Jack stayed behind, guarding both the ship and the baby, as Dean, Castiel, Benny, and Charlie ventured out onto land.
“I restored classic cars,” he answered. “Not sure if Chuck has any need for that?”
“So you have to stay at the castle?” Sam asked, leaning back in his chair and glancing at Dean.
“I don’t know,” Castiel whispered back, his hand slipping from Dean’s face to lay on his arm as he laid back down. “Viruses are able to lay in a dormant state, so perhaps one of them had been previously infected. And Anna… when I stitched her up, she was feverish. I thought it was her body’s response to the bite but...”
Dean jerked his head up, taking in the sight before him. “Behind you!” he shouted at Uriel, the other man grappling with one of the Lifeless, a second reaching for his back. Their eyes were bleeding, skin ashen and rotting in a way Dean hadn’t seen yet. Their fingernails were shredded, as if they’d tried to claw their way through a wall to get out of the storeroom.
Dean blinked, waiting, watching as the smile continued to spread over Chuck’s face. “Get it? The End. There’s no doubt endings are hard, but then again… nothing really ever ends, does it? That’s why we're all still here,
you do laundry,” Castiel quipped, earning himself a half-hearted glare as Dean picked up the candle and motioned for Jody to lead them downstairs.
“Hey! I am
“Hey!”
Dean smiled down at him, anxiety swirling in his gut. He recognized it for what it was - fear. Fear to have this again, to intertwine his life with someone else’s. He’d loved Lisa and losing her had been the most painful thing he’d ever gone through. Now, if it had been reversed, if he was face to face with Castiel turned into a Lifeless… he honestly didn’t think he would be able to go through with it.
Submissive little dean. Cas felt himself surging. He liked this role switch. He liked taking control and letting Dean just give in to his desires. Just surrender.
Cas couldn't talk, move or barely even breath as Dean looked at him so earnestly... so *desperately* Dean didnt break the direct, intense eye contact, he just stared and stared.
"Dean, you are not seeing clearly. And I know why. You never do when Cas is gone. You never have faith except when Cas is here. But Cas needs your faith. He needs it NOW! He needs you to believe in him. And more than that. He needs you to believe in-- Dean, we need to talk."
"Yeah Cas. I can make you feel good. I'll show you things you never knew." Dean worked up and down on Cas's man parts, as Cas had heard some refer to it. Dean was using the perfect amount of suction and his hands were in no way neglecting Cas's "boys"... Dean seemed surprisingly experienced, but all Cas could do was moan softly and occasionally say Dean's name in an awed whisper.
"You know Dean, good things do happen."
Cas rose without hesitation and followed Dean. He always followed Dean. Wherever dean wanted him, he was there.
Cas pressed his hardened cock against the entrance of Dean's anus. He started to rock back and forth to get a rhythm going and massage Dean's sphincter muscles to relax and open for him.
The boys are ready for a fight. Expecting a good brawl.
And the shame of that. The shame of not being the man he knew he should have been. Of being so helpless. Of never, no matter how many times he relived it in his dreams, being able to save his mother from burning on a ceiling.
"Dean I'm hurt, can you let me in?"
“Aaaaand, go,” the photographer commanded. Dean gently brought the silk dream chocolate pie to Cas’s lips and…
"Stop being so lazy!"
After that day, life changed for Dean. They had lived in a house with a kitchen and bedrooms. Life was quiet and good and mom made him sandwiches and fed him pie and gave him hugs... so many hugs.
But he falters for a moment until Cas softly breaths, "Dean- now."
A few times Sammy cried and Dean apologized and hugged him and told him he didnt mean it and begged him-- begged him to stop crying. He'd kiss his little baby forehead and promise all sorts of guilt offerings-- try to learn how to cook something special that didn't come from can, or steal a candy bar for him when they didn't have money. He'd always tried to make it up to him, somehow.
“I was gonna go gentle on you but…” Dean took the pie in his hand, but instead of aiming for the angel’s face, he reached behind his head and streaked his pie filled hand across Cas’s hair.
Dean charged at the massive John form and started wailing. He let out years... decades really... of repressed emotions- anger, sadness, fear, guilt. All of it.
He was on a couch and he felt... terrible, panicked. He realized that he had no powers, that he was mortal.
“Ok, now you’ve each got your slice in your hand. The tradition is that you feed each other your first bite of wedding cake. Take your time and savor the moment. Plus it helps with the pictures if you move slowly. You ready?”
Dean told himself that he was a hero. He saved people. He hunted things. He was a good soldier, a good son. He followed orders. He did what needed to be done.
Dean ran up to Cas, so relieved to see his body that he had salted and burned, and believed he'd never see again. Why did Cas always retain the holy tax account vessel no matter how many times it was destroyed? Was it because of the power of Dean's love? Because Dean fell in love with that silly awkward ridiculous seraph in that body? Those blue eyes, that mussed hair,  even the trench coat and that tie that he loved adjusting, like a doting husband. That last thought made Dean wonder what the hell took him so long to hear his own heart.
Now it's Cas's turn to cry and when Dean realizes that he has tears on his face- again- he feels like he will break inside. "I'm so sorry Cas! I'm sorry you have to give up being an angel and I understand if you don't want to do it. I can't be selfish this time. If you can't give up being an angel, I'll let you go. I don't know how Cas, I really don't know how. But if you do this... maybe we can find another way- to get your powers back. Once we get you out of here."
Sam knows what the key is.
"Fuck! Yes!"
"That's weird... the hunter mumbled. But not MY kimda weird."
And they are both cumming so hard, emptying out all the rage and fear and hunger.
Dean balls up his fists and yells, "I AM NOT YOUR SOLDIER DAD! I AM NOT YOUR BLUNT INSTRUMENT."
Dean shook his head. "No..."
"Awesome," says Dean.
"I'm all yours tonight Cas."
Fuck, Cas felt himself slide in and start to pound into Dean over and over. All the built up tension of desire, yearning, and eros exploded in an instant. Tenderness faded into the eather, as Cas realized that if he was gonna have what he had been wanting, he would have to take it and he'd have to do it now, while Dean's inhibitions were down. While Dean's self-denial was temporarily locked away, behind the alibis of Jim, Jack, and Jose.
"Come on Dean," Sam said slapping Dean on the back. "Let's go get your man."
"Dad, I've been bisexual for as long as I can remember. And I've always been afraid. Afraid of the world, afraid of you. Afraid it was a sin and the reason mom was taken from me. Afraid that the real monster was me all along. Afraid of disappointing you, of being a bad son. A bad soldier. But I'm more than that. And I'm not afraid anymore."
Cas is quiet.
"I mean... I hope not really but it's a- it's a good line."
"Is this real?" Cas asked finally.
They stood poised with the pie just in front of each other's mouths. The photographer had told them to freeze frame until she gave the word while she snapped and snapped away from several different angles. Dean couldn’t help focusing on Cas’s lips and anticipate licking wedding frosting off them. Maybe just a little extra dab, rather than a whole cream pie facial.
The car ride was uncomfortable. Cas didnt know where they were going and he was afraid to ask. His mind was running a mile a minute and all he could think to do was play dumb. Dean thought Cas didnt know that human game, but Cas knew it well. And he was good at it. Dean never suspected.
, Dean thought-- and he telegraphed that message to Cas when their eyes met. The expression he got in return told him that Cas got the picture. “I’m going to eat you up later,” the angel’s silent missive communicated with flawless clarity.
Cas's life depends on it."
But pretty soon, Sam stopped crying and just seemed let it all roll off him. Sam was quiet and thoughtful and seemed to have a preternatural understanding of human behavior. He looked up to Dean but at the same time he just seemed to resign himslef to Dean being Dean. He had a remarkable ability to absorb and not take things personally. Until he got pushed too hard and then he'd finally snap back.
Not that Dean minded, but usually it was Dean who was hitting on the wait staff, not the other way around. Castiel seemed to take in Dean's appearance, but maybe a little more... he felt seen in a different way. But not intruded upon.
Dean: I got a lead on something. It's a milk run but if I hit trouble I'll call bobby. I need some space to think right now. I'm already across the state line. Sorry about your car, but I know you'll make do.
"I know I'm not the first man inside of you Dean, but tonight none of those others matter. You're *my* little bitch and I know you like it that way."
"Dean.. I would give up anything for you, to be with you... but I have nothing to give up."
“And I, you Hunter.”
So much of this day, though etched in Dean’s mind for eternity, won’t come back to him in images, but thoughts and feelings and even past memories. It wasn’t the decorations of the roadhouse he would remember, or the sea of flannel, or even Ash arm wrestling with Elvis. He was in his own world that only contained himself and Cas, as if in a magical bubble. Looking at pictures later, he would so often be surprised by things happening right next to him. He only had eyes for the love of his life and as both cliched and yet nearly literally true it was… Dean was on cloud nine.
"I'm not mad," Sam insisted. "If anything I'm hurt that you still don't trust me."
"I've never heard of a place like that," Dean groused, but softly. Home was supposed to be safe, but it was where his mother had been murdered.
Sam pulled up a chair and sat next to his brother. "Dean, nothing is going to take you, or punish you. I won't let it."
Now Jack steps forward and pulls out the Angel Blade. "If you give up your grace, if you become human... the Empty cannot hold you here."
Intruders.
"Dean... don't misunderstand. I- I'm not upset about losing my powers. All I want is to be a human, like you taught me to be. To be a man- to grow old with you, if you'll have me. I'd rather be human, than be immortal and watch you slip away from me. Of course I will become human and come home with you. Are you sure this will work?"
In the last second before the photographer gave the word. Dean settled that he would delicately feed his beloved, no matter how soft and un-Dean like that seemed. Later on in the hotel room, he could get more creative with the wedding cake-pie. He’d be lapping whipped topping off all sorts of things at that point. He could be patient.
What had Dean done by the age of 4 that made the supreme diety  hate him so much, that God would punish him by letting his mom die?
Since Dean didn't seem to remember how to talk, Sam decided it was his turn to step up. "Cas, we're in the empty. It took you, and we thought we couldn't get you back. But then I figured out how Dean was the key, and how Jack could help us. And Dean told me the truth about what you mean to him. And Jack figured out a way. Dean- he told me what happened. And he well, I think you two have a lot to talk about, but we are here to rescue you."
Dean flicked on the tv and saw a cowboy movie that had come out in 2005. It seemed familiar, but Dean's memory seemed to be full of holes lately. Maybe it was all the beer. He grabbed a few more beers and drank til he passed out with the movie still going...
"Haven't you ever heard the saying. "Let sleeping dragons lie?" John was asking him. There was steel and threat in the elder Winchester's voice.
"Dean. I understand. Now let's find you some coffee. We've got work to do and I have no intention of dying today."
"Of course Dean."
Sam and Eileen give each other loving looks.
Dean came to his rescue of course and they got out before the big bouncers had a chance to see just how bouncy their skulls might be.
"Father," says Michael.
The man, who was fairly tall but not as tall as Dean, finished what he was doing and approached the table dean had claimed. He produced a small pad from one pocket and a pen from the other. "What can I get for you today?"
Michael tips his head in question. "In heaven. Go and wait for me there."
The roadhouse was packed for the occasion. Dean couldn’t believe how much outpouring of love the two of them had received ever since they had announced their engagement. Maybe it was just different in heaven. Homophobia did not exist here. Or maybe his loved ones never would have minded and he’d been hiding his true self all those years for nothing.
Sam had given Dean some beef jerky and a few copies of Busty Asian beauties, as per their long running tradition; along with a few other more serious gifts.
Sam started to step forward, to stand with his brother against this threat, but Jack put out an arm to stop him. "This is Dean's fight," the angel-boy said softly. Sam realized the wisdom in his words. This was something Dean needed to do on his own. Still, if the Empty became an overwhelming threat to his brother's life, he would be prepared to step in. "Have faith," Jack said, beneficently.
Cas heard the words and they bounced around in his head like sound in a bare room, reverberating off the walls of his brain all metallic like.
Sam has a flashback of Jess. But no... it was actually Lucifer. "I will find you, and when I do, you will let me in. I am sure of it."
Sam laughed. Dean looked back and forth at the two of them, irritably. "Did everybody know my own feelings except me?"
"Your ass is mine. Your body is mine."
Cas-- he started.... The familiar name now felt alien on his tongue. Like cold metal from the dental office, searching your mouth for cavities and words.
“Hell even I could see it,” Pamela would offer. Everyone would laugh.
"More than ready."
Cas felt defensive. "I've never had occasion."
Jack loves that his dads are together, and his whole family is together. He suggests they all watch a movie together, right now, to celebrate all of this wonderful togetherness, and Dean says, "good idea kid, I'll make popcorn." And they all have a beautiful cozy family night together, before things go back to their usual craziness.
Dean tried to speak a few times but nothing wanted to come out so Sam affected a look of hurt that Dean couldn't come up with any way to reassure him that he was was wrong about the trust thing.
"Do you want it Dean? Do you want me inside you?" He tugged his hair a little more.
"Are you ready for this?" Dean growled in that sexy voice of his that Cas loved so much.
Dean laughed. "Yeah, well... I dont see too many people in hear for you to spread your merriment on."
And then when he looked into her eyes he saw her pain and brokenness, her sadness surrounding her fathers abandonment, and the words just tumbled out and she was screaming at him and pushing him out of the room.
Obviosly Dean had been terribly terribly wicked to deserve such a thing.
No... when offered the opportunity to let someone else suffer in his place, he gave in. Not right away. He had put on a show. Pretending he could last, but knowing the whole time that he would break. That sooner or later, he would chose the option that allowed him to pass his pain on to someone else. To evade the punishment that he knew he deserved, but couldn't bear to shoulder. To evade it by dishing it out to some other poor sucker.
If *anything* went wrong, it was Dean's fault. And things where always going wrong. Why didnt Dean know the right thing to say, the right thing to do?
"Say it Dean. Say you want me. Say. My. name."
And then DeanWinchester was kissing Castiel. They both could feel it from ther lips to their toes. The alcohol had removed Dean's inhibition or maybe given him the perfect excuse. Cas didnt know,  but Dean's mouth melted into him, his tongue searched out Cas's tongue. There was yearning, desire, affection, and a strange ease and comfort in that kiss. It felt to Cas, for once in his extremely long existance, like he was finally exactly where he belonged.
"And uh... you know,  you know how I am. Love em and leave em and all that. But i dont want to lose your friendship cas. You know it's very important to me."
Faith- he couldnt afford to have faith. Dean needed doubt. He neded the obscurity of living in a godless world. If God was real... then surely he would punish Dean for his failures. If God was real, why would he have let Dean's mother die?
"I CAN'T!"
"Yes," chuck said with uncharacteristic humility.
"Find him yourself." And then God disappears in a spectacular display of white light... in his place is a folded letter on the ground.
John/The Empty stepped in between them and threw a left hook that knocked Dean back.
"Not in my experience."
Sure he figured if Jess was offended, she'd stomp off in a huff, giving him a few minutes with his brother to plead his case. But it wasn't all for Jess. Dean had a way of puffing himself up around Sam, to keep him from seeing behind the act. He was never really sure it was working. But he had to try. He had to at least be able to tell himself it was working. Plausible deniability; that's all he asked for.
Chuck know that the one thing he does not want to do is let that premonition come true. Not only does he hate the way he ended up, he doesn't like Sam amd Dean's story either. Becky was right. No Cas? The boys not together? It was no good. It was misery for everyone, himself included.
The four of them were alone.
Sam feels... he feels so much. He knows how Lucifer came to him and he know why Lucifer came the way he did. He feels it. With everything in his body he knows how Lucifer works. He remembers Lucifer inside of him and the things that he shared with him that Sam didn't even want to know. But now he knows for certain what he's suspected all along.
"Cas! I want you in me! God Cas yes. I need it. Fuck me Cas fuck my ass good and hard. Ride me like a rodeo bull Cas."
Dean knew that line from Tombstone. It sounded homophobic, and maybe it was meant that way. But it was also a threat. Pushing up daisies. You kiss Castiel, and you are dead. Was it a real threat or empty words?
He had been such a fool. His ego had gotten completely out of control. Even he knew he'd been ridiculous.
He found it difficult- nay, impossible- to refuse Dean anything.
Dean could feel himself consuming Castiel with a hunger equal to that of some of the most ravenous werewolves they had hunted. His appetite for the angel Castiel, for his friend Cas, overtook him completly. But it wasn't the pull of the full moon; rather it was the gravitational force of the angel himself, the magnetic desire he'd felt pulling him to reconnect, ever since the seraph had lifted him from perdition and released his physical grip.
And then something happened... Dean mentioned sex. Of course Dean assumed that Cas would be sexually attracted to women only, as Dean seemed to be (maybe?)... or at least as he chose to project to the world.
"Not at all Dean. If you kiss him, hell wake up.
"Dean. What have you done?"
In the back of the Impalla, Dean kissed Cas hungrily over those lips, that face, that succulent neck. All the parts he had devoured so many times with his eyes. All the things he had been denying himself. And as they filled themselves with the taste of each other, dean unbuttoned Cas's shirt and pulled the material away from the angel's smooth burnished torso, whipping it impatiently to the floor of the impala. He ravaged Cass, relishing the taste and feel of his chest and shoulders. His lips burnt hot over the entirety of Cas's upper body.
"This is on you."
Dean's body responded to Cas's gruff voice and rough handling. No pretending now. No denying the truth tonight. No denying either Cas, or himself on this night.
"Dean. I have told you this before. I will not blame you. I will not judge you. I am your brother. I love you. I will never turn my back on you. But you gotta-- you gotta stop turning your back on yourself! You gotta turn around and face the truth. Face yourself. For once!"
"That's not our dad!" Sam yelled but Dean didn't hear him. This was Dean's battle alone to face.
"Sammy, he told me... he told me that I wasn't a killer. That I raised you-- my baby brother-- for love. That I changed him. That he... he told me that he l-l-loved me... and then that THING took him. Sammy it took him because he loved me and because he said it out loud."
"That I-- That I love Cas too."
And yet slowly, Castiel became Cas, not just an angel of the lord, but a friend. And maybe... something deeper. Dean didnt even think there was a word for what Cas was to him.
Chuck didn't feel hungry yet. He didn't think. He wondered what that would be like.
"Cas you're a damn fool," he whispered. "I've always loved you, I was just too afraid to... to admit it to myself. To say it out loud. I'm so sorry. Can you forgive me?"
Sam smiled at his brother, so immensely proud of him. Dean wanted for he ground to open up and swallow him. It never came.
"Stop being selfish Dean!"
There was Cas and Dean on the hood of Baby, in the coolish warmish night air. Dean was sitting really close and offered to share a beer with him. One beer- he passed it back and forth. Cas felt acutely aware that their lips were taking turns mouthing the same object. It felt intimate. Cas felt at ease. Dean, somewhat less so. Dean talked to fill the space. He rambled on about whatever drunken men ramble about when they are pretending. He pretended not to notice their hands touching as they exchanged the bottle, the changed tone of their voices, the thrumming feeling of the very air around them. He pretended not to be self conscious, or self aware. Cas played along.
Dean shook his head. "Where did the son of a bitch go?"
"Ahhh you know, vampires, werewolves, vengeful spirits," the hunter groused, trying to sound sarcastic.
"We cant afford weakness son!"
"I sure dont need any of this fancy crap," he said gesturing to the specialy coffee list. Just give me a large coffee black."
"Oh I volunteered. I like to bring people a little hapiness at this time of the year, if I can."
"What the hell are you talking about Sam?" Dean's voice strains and sounds desperate. Like he wants Sam to shut up. Like years ago when Dean said "Don't talk about mom that way," but what he really meant was don't talk about her at all because I just cant handle it.
Cas didnt want to go forward with this. Nothing felt right about it. He didnt exactly mean for what happed next but in nervousness he of course blurted out the wrong thing. "I uh, just a second... uh... let me look at you."
Finally he gets to the door and reads the press on letters of the glass, "Main Street Coffee." Well at least he can get something warm to drink.
Cas wanted to learn about humanity to help himself better understand Dean. And Cas understanding Dean helped Dean understand Dean. The hunter was a little embarrassed about the way he had treated Cas on earth, how he was always pushing him away. “I was… I didn’t know it but I was punishing myself,” Dean had said gazing into the most beautiful eyes he’d ever seen. “I didn’t think I deserved you. The happiness you made me feel.”
Where do you wanna go? Dean asked.
"Dean, listen to me. You don't need to be saved. You are safe. Listen to your heart. What is it telling you?"
Cas took his time, teasing Dean's body with his own. Allowing anticipation to build and giving Dean's body time to warm up for what was coming. Cas wasnt planning to go easy on the lumberjack, but he has no plans to injure that incredible body he'd been coveting for  so long now.
"Cas--"
And that's why he needed Sam. He couldn't be alone with himself, day after day, unable to avoid the real monster in the mirror. He needed someone else, he needed Sammy to blame when things got rough and when feelings started to overflow and erupt. He needed Sammy to absorb his pain and anger and helplessness so he didnt have to disclose them to his innermost being.
Maybe this Castiel was lying... Dean could only hope. The last thing he wanted was to attract the attention of Gods and Angels. The last thing he wanted was The Lord to confirm all of his worst beliefs about himself.
Dean, Jack and Sam looked around into the emptiness to see where the Empty had gone.
"Who's little bitch are you Dean?"
Thanks for all your wonderful comments and kudos. This story makes me really happy and I hope it doesntbe same for all of you.
Dean took him to a bar of course; burgers, fries, beers.... Cas had some shots... why not? It was a strange experience... eating food, drinking. It didn't affect him as it affected Dean.
Was it being in literal heaven? Or was it the man at his side who helped him to see himself and know himself without the old fears that had once held him down? Probably both. But standing next to his angel, hand in hand, like this… this would be heaven no matter where they were.
"This isn't the first time you've done this, is it Dean?"
His voice was gruff and demanding. "I need you, not to die, man."
"Oh?" The empty tips it's john shaped head. "Isn't it?"
Dean stared hard at the asphalt in front of him. "Cas summoned the empty. It took him. It took Billy and it took Cas. He's... gone. He saved me."
Even later, when they look at these pictures together, they will joke about how intensely they are “eyefucking” one another. Dean’s chagrined admission: “I knew what it felt like to look at you, but I never knew how obvious it must have been to everybody else who could see us.”
Jack nodded. "Yes Sam, you're right. That's what happened. The Empty- well it left, but I don't know for how long or if it's coming back."
"It's just an illusion Dean," Jack told him.
"This is real Cas, let's go home."
Let's just get some food, Cas replied. He'd heard of a last meal. It seemed fitting.
No since in commitimg grand theft auto at this point, as Dean had nowhere in particular to go and one roach motel was just as good as the next. Still he coukdnt just stay cooped up, so he suited up and tossed on a warm coat and headed out to walk through this backroads town's mainstreet district.
And he never paused to wonder if Cas would know what that meant and Cas was over playing coy. He flipped dean over forcefully and pressed his throbbing organ against Dean's backside. He wasn't trying to enter him right away, he wanted to make Dean feel him, anticipate what was coming next. He wanted Dean to feel the size of his hunger for him. He wanted dean to want it so bad.
So your last night on earth huh? Any plans...
"Dean you
Where is Cas.
Shut up Cas. I've got other plans for your mouth and mine tonight.
Dean seemed a little off balance, a little intimidated by the visage of his father.
"What now?" Dean said... "How do we wake him?"
Outside Dean laughed and laughed. It might have hurt Cas's feelings but for the way he sensed Dean was letting go, relaxing, feeling more free than he could remember.
Jack reached into his pocket and pulled out a vial. "Put the grace in here, and then seal the wound. Leave the grace... that will have to stay here in the empty, to satisfy the deal. When you've done that, come back to the bunker, Sam and I will be waiting for you. You've got enough juice to do those things. There shouldn't be any problems, but try to get back quickly. Dean- don't forget my blade." Jack walked over next to Sam, put a hand on his shoulder and the two of them disappeared.
Dean woke in the morning with the light coming through the think motel curtains. He sat up glanced at his phone and then checked it again.
Cas took a chance. "You're my little bitch tonight." Dean whimpered his agreement. The great Dean Whinchester whimpers and pushed his body harder against cas, forcing cas deeper into him.
"No dad, Cas belongs with us. With me!."
"Yes, yes.."
And when the Angel Castiel gazed into his soul that night, he saw *all of that* which dean had never even dared to look at his own damned self, and Dean had never felt so stripped bare in all of his life.
my entire life. But I don't need it dad. I can make my own decisions. I can be my own man. You don't have power over me anymore!"
"Got a big day today" Dean says, avoiding the obvious fact that they are both naked and in very close proximity. "We better get suited up and grab some coffee." As he pulls his clothes on, Cass puts his own rumpled clothes back on and gets back into the passenger side of the vehicle.
Cas’s face had filled with such a mix of emotion. His hand had reached up to gently cup the side of his hunter’s face. His eyes said much more than his words, the soft plaintive tone simply murmuring, “Oh, Dean.”
Going down the road Dean kinda clears his throat nervously. "We're good right?" He says, tapping the steering wheel.
Dean just let his glowing face testify to his sincerity. His low voice dropped even further to an intimate tone, “No, it’s the truth.”
There are two things I know, he heard dean say. Yikes what did dean know? Was he doing a bad job of hiding it?
Before Dean could answer, the barista had flown off to another area of the store, doing god knows what.
"Yeah well," Dean is over it now, new plan. "I've moved on."
Chastity was eager enough, she led him to the small room all decorated and scented with a soft bed. She began kissing and nuzzling his deck, using her soft seductive voice to say "I sure got lucky tonight handsome," while loosening his tie. It all made him quite uncomfortable.
So Dean finally had his brother back and he just had to figure put how to keep it that way, always just a little while longer. Always letting Sammy think he would go back to normal after they found what they were looking for. After beating the next big bad. Always afraid that he would, that he'd leave again.
"I smell Winchesters," the Empty sputtered. It took the form of it's choice, and went looking for the damn hunters to make them sorry they had ever woken up the Empty.
But if I do, Cas thought. I'll die happy.
And now here there is a montage worth seeing-- everyone laughing and Dean is throwing popcorn across the room for Sam to try to catch in his mouth, Jack has the remote because for once Dean doesn't care about being in control. Movie music plays from the tv..
Castiel’s breakthrough grin couldn’t conceal his pride. “Sam taught me that. He said you’d think I didn’t know. Guess he was right” He chuckled.
"Cas... i.. really dont want you to... die tomorrow." Dean said awkwardly.
Up ahead, through the gossamer haze of falling snow, he sees the glow of a red "open" sign. Dean stares at the neon sign and walks straight to it, not knowing or caring what kind of store or shop it even is.
Dean broke into a heavy sob. He cried uncontrollably. Sam had never seen him cry more than a tear or two. Dean cried
Cas unbuttons those jeans and slides them down Dean's hips, taking the underwear with him. He resists every urge to do all of the things he feels he wants to do and just appreciates the beauty in front of him. Dean is naked in front of him. Cas wiggles out of his own pants and stands naked in front of Dean with the warm son beating down on his now human form. The sun seems to stand still as they both stare at each other, Dean still confused, but waiting to see what Cas will do.
"That's not true dad."
"You know Dean, this coffee shop is a safe place. I made it myself to be comfy, cozy, warm, relaxing and safe. A place where a person can just be. Do you like it?"
In fact, even thinking the word combat felt wrong. Dean felt... really peaceful. He didn't feel exactly defenseless but without his usual sense of hypervigilance, he wasnt sure how he couod possibly be safe withiut remaining on guard. Even so, he couldn't fight it.
It didnt matter. Every time he saved an innocent person from some monster, a vamp, a werewolf, a wendigo, a vengeful spirit,  a demon... every time he saved the day, he hated himself even more because he wasn't able to save *her*. The one that really mattered. And every time he failed, and the monsters won, and the victim died... it was like losing...  and failing... his mom all over again.
On the beach, Dean asks what happened and Chuck appears.
The coffee table disappeared.
Their foreheads drifted closer to each other, Dean's head drunkenly dipping forward, his eyes not glassy, but sharp somehow, seemed razor focused and locked onto Cas's gaze. Their lips were mere inches and then centimeters apart. Cas could feel Dean's breath on his own face, as his eyes dropped down to Dean's lips, then fluttered back to meet his green eyes.
"Of course not Dean" the voice was soft. "You're worthless."
Cas was waiting for Dean to flip the switch and push him away but instead his demeanor changed suddenly from gruff to uncharacteristically soft. Dean swallowed, his Adam's apple doing its taut bob, and whispered almost imperceptibly, "Please dont die."
But deep down he knew he was no hero. He knew that if God was real and knew his name, the almighty probably dispised him, just like he despised himself. Just like he deserved.
When Dean had licked and sucked Cas' hand to the angel's satisfaction, Cas pressed a wet finger into dean, savoring the sound of his friend's howl. Cas felt himself getting agressive with dean and he said, "Oh don't worry,  there's more where that came from."
Damnit. Dean hated it when him and Sammy where on the outs. Especially if he didnt have the upper hand in some way. And he certainly didnt this time. The only thing he knew was that, Sam, if he didnt get himself killed, would definitly be back, cuz he had Baby and for all his faults, Sam would never take Baby on a permanent basis.
Dean's voice as like a cry for.. help.. for more. "Yes." It was a growl that was filled with hunger.
Dean would see all the way down main street, there were 3 street lights in front of him and two more behind him. No traffic at all. It was picturesque like a holiday scene from a movie or a painting or something.
Dean stood next to Castiel. Beautiful angelic, Castiel. He lay there, perfectly still as if lifeless, but Dean could see his chest rise and fall. He was breathing. Since there was nothing in the empty, Cas laid on nothing. The floor basically, if you could call it that. Dean looked down on his body, so happy to see breath in him and sunk down to the ground next to him.
Cas started to speak, "Dean- I-"
He knew he was pushing Sammy away but he couldn't stand the betrayal and the rejection when Sam finally actually left for good. Left for college. When Dad said if you go dont come back, and Sam left and didnt look back, didnt even look back at *him.*
He heard her voice inside his head. Amara.
"I came here," Dean drew himself up, "to get Cas. To take him home."
Cas takes Dean's phone and presses "Sammy." Sam picks up immediately. "Listen, Sam. Your brother had a mishap with the uh... relocation part of the thing. We're on earth, can Jack lock on our location? Ok, good. Listen... Just give us, an hour ok? Will everything keep until then? Ok, great. Thanks Sam. I appreciate it."
Dean felt... oddly discontent. For some reason busty... and these girls where sure busty- Asian beauties where not cheering him up. He didnt really even feel a stirring or a need to keep on hand free. He just flipped through the pages like he was going through the motions... Dean guessed that he was, but he didnt want to think about it too deeply.
And now...  spent, they collapse together. Their breathing hard and fast, their hearts pounding. Dean is sweating, but Cas the angel, does not sweat under any circumstances.
The mainstreet district was... one street. It was called "Main Street." It was cold but sunny and a light snowfall drifted to the ground and dusted Dean's shoulders. He could feel his ear turn cold, the one hed managed to leave sticking out of the warm beany jedi grabbed on his way out the door. Dean didnt bother to  adjust it. Let his ear be cold. Who really cared?
Dean's growly, surly voice intensified Cas's state of arousal. Cas grunted his approval, and Dean refused to let up.
Dean said he wouldn't let Cas die a virgin. Could he,  Castiele, really dare to hope...? Coukd he possibly mean what was popping up in Cas's mind right now?Did Dean have a few things he wanted to show Cas? Cas wasnt sure it would be the best idea for their friendship but how would he possibly say no.
Dean remembered Mildred at the retirement home, when they'd gone after that banshee, telling him to follow his heart. It was her secret to a long happy life.
"You prayed to me. You begged me. You demanded. That I bring back Castiel. Pretty bold."
"Sit down Dean, this is gonna hurt."
Dean took a step towards Cas.
Dean bends down and gently sets down the container holding the angel grace. He holds Cas's hands in both of his eyes and looks into his eyes and then... whatever stands for flooring in the empty is no longer under their feet.
And then he died. He went to hell. And then somehow... this "angel of the lord" took ahold of his soul and lifted it out of perdition.
"So what?" Dean wisecracks, "I click my heels together three times and say, there's no place like home?"
"Dont you know? It's in all of your fairy tales Dean. What wakes up sleeping beauty? True loves first kiss!"
With Dean still in his arms and pressed against him, Cas could feel the muscles of Dean's body recalibrating to their normal state of tension and alterness. Dean refinding his internal balance after being swept so hard and knocked off his feet. Normally a tryst like this would have taken place with a stranger, someone he would not have to face again in tbe daylight. Ther was solething differe t this time and they both new it. But Dean couldnt entirely abandon his defenses. He needed them now, more than ever.
Cas and Dean both lose their footing and fall into something soft. The light is bright and blinding, so for a minute they don't know where they are but it doesn't feel like the bunker. In fact, they hear sounds that are distinctively outside sounds. As their eyes focus, they look around and see white sand, blue water... a shoreline. They hear sea gulls and lapping waves but their don't appear to be any people nearby.
Dean's desire burned hot. His hands explored Cas's body and all Cas knew was how amazing it felt to be held and touched and yes, caressed by Dean Winchester.
But Dean wasnt angry, just a little sad. He didnt want to be fighting with Sammy. He didnt want to be keeping secrets. And he sure as hell didnt want to not trust his baby brother. He just...
Really thought Sam? We are on this level? Why is Lucifer acting so... out of character? What the hell was going on?
I thought I was done... but then this coda came to me.
“Thank you,” Dean had told him, “for helping me to understand myself. To find the better part of me. To find the part of me that taught me how to accept your love for me, and to feel deserving. To be loved and give love in return. I can’t imagine a perfect eternity without you here, without you by my side.”
Cas felt the warmth rising in his face and hid his head, nervously touching the back of his neck. When the boy- no the man, you are feeling insanely attracted to, but trying not to show it, asks you about your sexual history....
Christmas was over. Sam and Dean had, for the first time in a long time, enjoyed a quiet night at their motel and even exchanged a few gifts.
"That's enough of this, sir this this and sir that. Names Dean."
"No, I can't.. it's too hard Sammy. I
Chuck touched her right arm. The mark of Cain disappeared from her chest and a yin yang sign appeared on her shoulder. One also appeared on his right shoulder as well.
"Dean, Lucifer comes to people through their
Chuck woke up.
Soon all of their clothes had been flung to the floor of the impala and they were two naked men pressed skin to skin flesh to flesh. There bodies kneading against one another... NEEDING each other. Yes Cas knew some word play. This was particularly on the nose... there was nothing any longer elective about this union. It was far more than want or even desire. The need to occupy the same space, to be connected, to be inside one another...  the need was as profound as anything else between them.
"Is anything in this damn town opened?" Dean grumbled into his collar. He felt like an cliche of a grumpy old man. I'm not old, he told himself. Just... grumpy, he conceded.
The world disappeared as they made out on the hood of the car, under a blanket of stars. Cas knew without a doubt that he wanted this. He also knew that Dean was drunk and he knew Dean wanted it to. But he also knew that sober Dean would never admit to those desires.
“I bet a jet ski would be fun to ride!” Jack piped up from the backseat. His fingers pinched Castiel’s shirt when he grabbed the back of the seat and hauled himself forward. “Though, it would be hard to keep all of our things dry…”
“Samwise,” Gilda answered. “I already know he’ll be loyal, brave, and true. Plus, everyone needs a Sam in their lives.”
Dean glanced at Garth’s hand and took a step forward, shaking it quickly. “Dean, Cas, and Jack,” he replied, just barely catching Jesse’s suspicious look. “We’re wary of strangers.”
Castiel opened his mouth, about to ask the very question, when the door to Lucas’ room was opened and the three of them froze. Naomi walked in, her shoes making clicky sounds against the tile, and her barbie-smile was back on her face as she looked at the three of them.
During the days, Kelly and Jack moved around the house, talking in hushed voices. Between his mornings with Jack and talking with Castiel, and the short moments he had with Kelly before she went to bed exhausted, he gathered that Kelly was sick. She had survived cancer years ago, although she lost her husband in the process, and it had been her and Jack since he was just two. This past year, she received the news that she was no longer in remission. The cancer had metastasized, and while Dean didn’t know very much about cancer, he knew that it didn’t sound good.
“I know it will take longer… and I know you want to get to New York as soon as possible, but if we really hustle it will only add... another day, maybe? We’ll have to go further South, of course, unless…”
Dean tugged on Castiel's shirtsleeve, jerking his head after Sam who was already heading towards the door. They called their farewell's to Bobby as the older man turned back to the forge to complete what he'd been working on before they'd gotten to town.
“Fuck,” Dean swore under his breath, taking a moment to look at his shoulder. His shirt was ripped, blood rolling down his arm and red spreading across his chest. “God fucking damn it…”
A small service door opened up into a large kitchen area, and Castiel inhaled deeply and groaned. “Oh, it smells amazing back here.”
"But..." Castiel's fingers tightened in Dean's hold and he pressed up, looking down at Dean's face. "But that would mean that you're-"
Dean laughed in surprise as the pillow he’d given Charlie came flying back at his head.
Dean raised a brow at that and leaned back, watching Castiel carefully. “And… what are those developments?”
Let me tell you a story… one of passion, of friendship, of love. A story full of grand castles and kingdoms stretching across great mountain ranges and grassy plains. There's majestic weddings, impressive feasts, a handsome prince and his dashing lover. When the Omega Prince of the Casern Mountains marries the Alpha King of Lawrence Point, he hardly expects his life to end up so
“No, no, it’s not your fault, Cas,” Dean replied, shaking his head. “It’s totally okay. I mean, it’s not like it’s something you give up in normal conversation. Like, ‘hey, haven’t seen you in years, by the way, I was a raging alcoholic for a while but I’m not so fucked up now’.”
Dean was quiet for a moment before he admitted, “I did tell him, you know.”
“Benny has a good right hook,” Castiel answered at the same time Benny said, “Brother, I wouldn’t want to piss off your man.”
Backpack over his shoulder from the backseat, Castiel met Gabriel with his duffel bag at the front of the car.
Dean watched him for a moment, then smiled and shut his own eyes.
There were roasted vegetables, fresh as far as Dean could tell, beside a pot of roasted potatoes. Dean gasped when he saw beef,
Every morning, he'd woken with the sun, and Balthazar and his mate, Anna, had taken him to a new part of the castle grounds to show him something new and fascinating. He'd once thought their stone castle in the mountainside was large -- it was
“How would you know!” Claire screeched back and Castiel reached up, rubbing his temple. God, having a teenager was going to kill him. His frustrated silence was enough for Claire to get a move on, however, and she appeared at the top of the stairs with a scowl. “God, keep your pants on. I’m ready.”
Dean almost dropped the ciders. Outside, he could see Castiel standing with the boys and waiting for them, so he stopped and stepped to the side where the candy apple counter was. Claire stepped up beside him, watching him patiently.
“So, how’s work?” Naomi asked, passing a bowl of garlic string beans over the table and Castiel accepted it with a nod of thanks before he realized they were all waiting for him to answer.
Castiel placed his hand on Jack’s head, smoothing his hair, and let himself look. Dean’s eyes were lowered, but still looking at Castiel, and Castiel took a deep breath. “Sorry again, Dean,” he said lowly, watching the shiver go through him. “I hope you and Ben enjoy the rest of your breakfast.”
Castiel thought that was kind of a silly thing to say, but he didn’t reply. Instead, her let her help him to the edge of the bed, careful of his leg, and left the room to get new clothes and washing supplies.
“It’s been… a trying few years for Claire, the last few months have been very stressful. She lost her mom a little over a year ago from…” he trailed off and cleared his throat. Claire helpfully supplied, “Heroin Whooooooore,” and Castiel shut his eyes for a moment.
“I don’t like bullies,” Jack mumbled into the blanket and Dean gave a small chuckle.
Dean fought to open his eyes, to see his mom, but hands smoothed over his cheeks, cooling some of the fire in his brow, and he relaxed into them, breathing out a sigh of relief. His mom was here, everything would be okay.
, preparing himself for battle. It was quickly drowned out with his stomach full of whiskey-soaked-nog and anger.
Then, he knocked again, his heart sinking in his chest.
Castiel wanted to die. He could hear the low murmur of Dean’s voice, could almost
It was tight. Benny was crammed with most of their things in the third row, Jack sitting on top of gear and Castiel almost buried by their packs, but they were so close, Dean could almost taste it. They moved slowly. The last thing they needed to do was get stuck in a ditch in the literal middle of nowhere. But just as Dean was about to call it, the SUV losing traction despite his best efforts to keep a steady pace through the fresh snow, they were stopped anyway.
Dean nodded, pulling his bottom lip into his mouth, thinking. “Yeah, we can do something caramel. Just don’t let your Uncle Gabe know we didn’t head over to his place.”
The spray of the water helped just as much as the coffee to wake him up, but it was the shrill scream and the
Jack must’ve heard them moving around because it wasn’t even a minute later that the younger man jumped over the back of the couch, the thing protesting with a screech of springs.
set it up, remember? That’s the complete opposite of a date.”
”Are you ready to make it official?”
The ‘Dad Voice’ was in full force and Dean had to bite back a smile. From the look on Claire’s face, however, he’d failed and she immediately latched onto it. “It’s not like I’m talking about Mr. Winchester,” she said with a shrug. “I’m just asking a simple, innocent little question. It’s not like you guys haven’t done
The boys were talking about the pancakes, the birthday confetti, frosting topped monstrosity of the month, and then Ben was saying, “I’m Ben, I just got back from camp!” and it was all over. Dean was in hell.
There was a moment of hesitation, then he felt Benny’s presence close to his back, sending a shiver up his spine. “I’m not the one hallucinating ghosts of Christmas. I’d say it's
Castiel smiled sadly and it made Dean want to scream. “This is what I need to do.”
Dean had done over the years. He figured Gabriel would’ve told him about Lisa, the drinking, the accident… that he would’ve told him about rehab and the court orders, about Gabriel helping him detox and get his shit together.
“Where’s Castiel?” Sam whispered, covering his face with his hands. Dean closed his eyes, knowing if the police were answering Cas’ cell phone…
Dean hummed and held Castiel tightly, both of them falling into silence as they were lost in their own thoughts. Finally, Castiel broke the silence.
Dean sat stiffly on the cot he had been assigned. Castiel’s was beside him and Jack’s above him. They were almost dead center in the sea of beds, and he would be lying if he said it didn’t make him nervous. Sensing it, Castiel moved around the area, pretending to be counting their supplies, but Dean knew he was really listening to every little conversation about them, his ears ready to pick up on any sign of danger. He did, however, touch Dean every couple of minutes - a squeeze to his shoulder, a brush of his leg. It did what it was meant to, and the small amount of reassurance made Dean try to relax.
“I thought that was a bad word, what did she mean you and Jack’s dad fuck?”
Dean placed his pen down and stared at the paperwork in front of him. He was torn between getting Castiel to give his son the biggest hug or giving one to Jack himself. He wondered if Jack even knew who the boys were and if he would tell Dean. He was still deciding when the sound of another set of small feet came into his office and he looked up to see his own son.
“Hey! You guys want lunch?” he called, both of them snapping their heads up to look back at him. A wide, toothy grin split Jack’s face and he leapt up first, running towards the blanket and Castiel’s chair. Claire followed at a much more leisurely pace and Castiel made Jack wait for her while he gave them both towels.
The next trailer was inhabited, and after reassuring the small family they meant no harm, they slipped back out onto the street. As they turned to head back, Dean stopped and looked down the adjacent street, the brown sign reading MECHANIC ST.
“Nothing that I wasn’t expecting,” Castiel muttered back, shaking his head. “Your brother is angry at me, and rightfully so. He expressed his… displeasure at me staying for Christmas.”
Dean nodded, watching as Castiel reached over him to collect more soap and head back over to his sink. They finished washing up in silence, but Dean couldn’t stop thinking of the feeling of Castiel’s hand against his bare skin…
Castiel let out a sharp, humorless laugh and looked back over his shoulder. The tears were gone and the anger on his face dulled the beautiful blue of his eyes. “I’m leaving, Dean. I’m done.” He laughed again and shook his head. “I’ve done nothing over the last three years except fight over us. And I’m done fighting with you, for you. You’ve made your choice clear and I’ve been too stubborn - too
Gabriel forced him to shower, forced him to eat, forced him to dump all of the alcohol down the drain. He practically moved in for a month, helping Dean detox and then convinced him to go back to rehab, using a better program. When Dean asked him why, Gabriel always shrugged and answered, “It’s the right thing to do.” and ignored him if he pushed.
“Oh nonsense, last call took well over forty-five minutes! And since you’re already here…”
“So, you guys used to fuck, huh?”
