‘When Sherlock didn’t answer me this afternoon, I went into Baker Street and saw Mrs. Hudson downstairs giving an interview to a reporter.’
John laughs thinking Sherlock is joking ‘Oh, come on.’
‘Clearly’
‘In some… way, I mean, it’s probably not the real name, but we should make a research about it.’
Greg ‘Why did you meet Adair?’
‘Again? He wants us to go there again?’ He cracks a nervous laugh ‘No! I’m sorry’
The woman cuts John off ‘Sorry but I’m very busy right now, there are thousands of people waiting for a meal and there are very few of us today, sorry—‘
‘Are you happy you’re back in the battlefield, John Watson?’
stupid?’
----------------
‘And we know how you fall in love with the smart-arses.’
John turns, surprised.
‘THIS FUCKING SONG IS EVERYWHERE!! LET’S TURN THIS SHIT OFF!!!!!’
‘I’ve never given an adrenaline shot before okay?’
“It wasn't just a scrape, and Sherlock took care of me, because you didn't even bother to show up!"
‘I don’t understand how I could have something to do with it.’
‘No I watched the movie’
Are you at the pub?
‘He faked his death, John! Just like me, he didn’t really die. He’s still alive!’ Sherlock grabs at John’s shoulders. ‘Do you know what this means?’
‘I don’t know’ she smiles curiously, putting it on the table. ‘I believe it’s breakfast’ she comments enthusiastically. ‘I can smell fresh croissants!’
‘Sher—John!’
Victor stands up and goes toward the kitchen ‘Do you want coffee, cherì?’ ‘No, tea for me, thanks’
"Hungry?"
‘Upstairs?’ John asks in disbelief, ‘You want to willingly climb stairs?’
Greg ‘Where are you going?’
‘Do you know what caveau is it? Where is it hidden?’
“We did and it was a disaster! And we decided to not see each other anymore, and I want to start my life again now, ok?”
FROM : JOHN
‘Ha ha!’ John fakes a laugh nervously, ‘and when did he meet him? Now tell me that!’
‘We’re going out tonight!’
‘I bought some festoons, baloons,..I’m going to pick up Mrs Hudson in Baker Street, Mycroft is coming, and Mary is already there’
‘Nothing.’
Sherlock, grumbling, sits huffily into the chair in front of Lestrade’s desk.
To : Sherlock
‘Oui, parfait’
‘No, I didn’t buy this!’
‘KEEP TALKING TO HIM! KEEP TALKING!’
He gives her a kiss on the cheek and sitting up with his left elbow on the pillow. He remains like this for a while, thinking with narrowed eyes.
Greg, surprised ‘The day Moran died.’
‘What?’
A typical, overly muscular bodyguard stands at the door checking the guests list and allowing certain people to enter in the club. Sherlock gives his name and are ushered inside. John walks in first, and Sherlock places a hand on shoulder. It’s early, but the club is already full revelers, music pumping loudly, forcing them to shout to hear each other
‘And what the hell is this?’
Sherlock starts playing with the bed’s sheets, moving them, making waves and playing with his hands, laughing, he turns back and sees the Polaroid and smiles at it
‘Not this one though!’
‘No---I mean---' blushing ‘I’ve given up for now’
What the hell is this
FROM : Myke
‘Well, what the hell are we coming up with?’ John asks pensively.
FROM: SHERLOCK
‘Take a walk with him, just for half an hour..’
‘John, we have the keys!'
‘What?’ Mary asks
FROM: SHERLOCK
They wheel to the right, and race down a pathway, before turning left on Regent’s Street.
‘What the hell happened, everything was okay, then suddenly…’
“But you organised it!”
Anderson takes the guitar next to Mycroft's sofa. 'Hey guys, I've composed a song for the evening. Follow along, the chorus goes like this'. He starts strumming it, singing out of tune 'HAAAPPYY birthday to youuuu'
‘Lestrade can perfectly manage it without you for a few days.’
Sherlock’s phone rings:
Greg turns toward him, smiling ‘Good…nice’
‘Who?’ Sherlock turns toward him ‘Oh, my brother’ taking the glass. They look at each other, he smiles at Sherlock, while both touching their glasses ‘Cheers’
Molly: ‘So…are you going back to the case tomorrow?’
'Who called you in the middle of the night for a case?’ Victor walks in the living room drinking coffee and giving Sherlock a cup of tea. He swallows ‘Hope you’ll like it, I’ve never prepared tea in my life’
‘….I don’t know ,I….I’m still….a bit…..upset that he hadn’t managed it better’
Sherlock feels John's attention on him and walks close to the door, opening it. He whispers "..what."
John nods, ‘Hey, why do you think Adair bolted?’
‘Sherlock-please! Please, stop!’ John says in between bursts of laughter.
Sherlock huffs out a heavy breath through a sore throat, before taking in a deep inhale.
‘No! I said not near the chicken, put it down in the drawer.’ She huffs out ‘Oh dear lord.’ ‘I should clean the living room, too, Sherlock, the dust is everywhere’.
“You never told me the truth, you’ve been lying to me for months.”
John frowns, then emphasizing the word, ‘ffffriend?’
FROM : MH
“You think I would lie to you to protect Mary?”
“What makes you think it isn’t now?"
‘I saw the photos on Mary’s facebook’ Greg comments, taking a piece of sausage with the fork
‘So you are.’
‘You’
‘I believe I can fly’
‘No, I don’t- tell me.’
‘Yeah, you know, it happens’ Mary continues.
‘If you need any help, you know where you can find me,’ she comments ironically.
‘And they would have taken money if they had killed you?’
‘A cinema?’
‘This is very Victorian’
Sherlock turns back looking at him, surprised
Sherlock rises his head slowly, then turning toward the window cab, looking uninterested ‘About what’ he comments, knowing what John is going to say.
‘If you throw it off.’ He interjects.
‘Yeah, most likely.'
Steps in the bedroom, then the noise of the hair dryer. John steps back and slowly goes in the kitchen, uncertain of what to do.
They arrive at Greg’s house, he leans back, still sitting, closing his eyes for a bit, taking long breaths.
“They shot them....” She cries.
Mycroft nods, thinking.
John tries to listen carefully, then Sherlock sets the speakerphone mode.
SH 23 : 41
Mycroft will kill me.
‘Yes! Yes!’ Sherlock beams. ‘I’m happy! I’m genuinely happy for you, John! Really. You deserve it, after all, it’s something you had to do anyway….getting married, right?’
‘What are you going to do?’ Sherlock shouts, John doesn’t answer, still angry, loading the gun. ‘Stay down! Don’t you dare shooting! They are five, you can’t beat them!!' John ignores him, and once the gun is ready he quickly stands up, Sherlock tries to stop him, grabbing him by the jacket, but John takes Sherlock’s hand off, lowering the cab window and starts shooting. ‘JOHN!!! STOP!!! PLEASE!!!! JOHN!!’ Sherlock shouts, but John continues. Suddenly he stands up and grabs him by the arm to drag him inside, but suddenly a bullet hits John on the right shoulder. Sherlock drags him in the taxi, the cab stops, a wheel is blow out. Sherlock drags John down the backseat, completely covering and protecting him. The cab driver walks out and starts running away, shouting. Sherlock doesn’t move, suddenly he slowly looks out the cab window, seeing the car going away. He turns toward John, his face down, doesn’t answering.
John smiles ‘Yes. So,…you’re really going to be my best man?’
He smiles ‘Au revoir Sherlock’
‘Greg…’
The car leaves the hospital to go to the cemetery. Sherlock and Mary are sitting next to each other, he looks tired, dejected, Mary looks nervous "Why I'm here?"
‘Oh please, you act like a five year old kid!’
‘Probably…’ Sherlock adds, sarcastically, rising his left eyebrow
-------
‘What’s the problem?’
‘Inspector!’ Sherlock shouts, walking in the office, slamming the door behind him.
‘Sheeeeerloock!’ John welcomes him with a big smile, while he slips the letter, back onto the tray.
‘can you feel it? Do you feel it all inside you?’
FROM: JOHN
Sherlock tightly shuts his eyes, nose scrunching.
Is he drunk?
‘I’m hoping he’ll realize how wrong he is.’
To : Mycroft
“I don’t want a new job Sherlock! I want my books and students back! that was my dream job!! I’m not a criminal and I was treated as one, and I feel ashamed every second of my life for what happened. Everyone was looking at me...when the police arrived, all their eyes were on me..I can’t sleep at night thinking about it.”
‘There’s been an attack in this house, and yet there are civilians just standing around outside!’ The irritation grows, as does the volume at which Mycroft delivers the rejoinder.
‘You look surprised’ he remarks, his smile dimming a little.
Mycroft joins Lestrade in staring silently at the mess inside the living room of 221b.
‘Hi.’ He returns, peering round Sherlock’s tall figure and into the house with a smile.
Sherlock slowly takes a breath, looking at the needle in his chest.
‘Disappointing me.’
‘I like this one better. It’s from when we were getting out the car.'
‘Yes.’
Mycroft steps back, eyes scrutinizing his little brother intently. He ventures, ‘Were you sleeping? What it is you’ve told him exactly?’
Are you coming?
‘Oh well,..thank you then’ he takes the jacket and opens the living room door, annoyed, running downstairs.
Molly calls out, ‘Yes!’
Greg seems embarrassed, and gently answers to the waiter ‘Lestrade, it’s les-okay…forget about it’
Lestrade ups his head toward him ‘Yes, we broke up.’
‘Yes?’
‘Where’s he now?’
‘He’s at Scotland Yard, Sally is waiting for us’
‘Yes, sure, let’s see tomorrow’ smiling
Sherlock stares at him, not saying a word.
Mycroft shows to John more photos ‘and then...here,...Sherlock going to Victor’s house in Kensington and leaving the morning after...here Sherlock’s going out to have dinner at Victor’s house...’
'Ahhh!!' Greg groans 'It's my day off!!!' He quickly stands up, cleaning his mouth with a napkin and calling Donovan. ‘Sally…yes…I’m with John,..in Soho….where are--…ok,…ok’ He makes hand gestures to John, whispering ‘see you later’
FROM : Greg
‘Mycroft?’ John asks knowingly.
‘Lower your voice!’
Silent. He takes time, then starts talking: 'It was Greg’s birthday....That afternoon I was writing some news about the case on my blog and…'
'What do you mean?'
Mrs Hudson continues: "She's in the hospital, she pulled through...but Victor...” Mrs. Hudson looks at Sherlock, crying, trying to take courage. “Oh Sherlock I’m so sorry.....”
‘How the hell are we going to manage that then? Tell me how!’
//////////////
‘Huh?’
John insists, ‘I would like to understand what is going on.’
John focuses on Lestrade, realizing he wasn't listening to him. 'What are you doing Greg?!?!' cracking a laugh
Sherlock smiles, pleasantly surprised. “I’m learning. You’re still a good teacher"
‘Why did you accept to see him? I thought you didn’t want to see him anymore.’
Greg just stares for a moment before turning to John, and whispering ‘what?’
‘Bon nuit.’
Greg and John lean over in their seats to peer at Mycroft, as he hunched over his phone with a slight snarl. Both stood, walking into the kitchen.
‘Oh okay, where do we meet?’
John looks at her with a bit of confusion in his eyes.
‘Was this room the only one available?’ John asks
‘I…..hi!’
‘That!’ John points to the pack of Pirate biscuits. Mary, and Mrs. Hudson crack up laughing.
‘You think it’s not important’
‘For what?’
‘Oh just hang on a tic.’
‘AT FIRST I WAS AFRAAAAAAAAID I WAS PETRIFIEEEEEEEEEEEEED,’ Sherlock sings at the top of his lungs.
Lestrade looks at him, ‘Okay, we’ll just….have a look.’
When John runs upstairs Mycroft is already in the living room and looks at her mutely. She gives him a bag with the clothes, staring at him, ‘Thank you.’
‘How are you, Sherlock?’
Victor enters in the living room in a hurry, Sherlock notices his agitation. “Where did I put my watch? It is here?”
‘Let me help you.’ John exclaims, walking toward Mycroft.
Mycroft swallows nervously, glancing away.
‘A bit…tired, the wound on his leg will hurt for a while, but it isn’t deep. I believe he’s got a fever though.’ Molly touches his forehead.
‘I am!’ he replies.
‘One moment dear’ Mrs. Hudson totters out of the flat.
‘what, Sherlock? What does ‘this’ (imitating him) mean?’
He glances at the bedroom door, then back at Molly. ‘He said thank you for your help.’
Mary looks anxious but tries to hide it.
I don’t think it’s the right moment to talk about it. We had a case tonight, anyway. The news is everywhere, Gregson name too. He has the press outside the flat.  Are you already regretting the holiday? ;)
‘I know, I know..don’t get nervous, I was just...joking.’ Victor leans against the kitchen’s door with his left shoulder, looking at Sherlock. His voice starts being lower, talking in a more serious way ‘Neither a kiss? A....casual....gentle, small kiss,...given in the darkest hour of the night when nobody is noticing?’
‘Chhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeers’
‘And?’
‘Sherlock!!’ Greg grabs Sherlock’s jacket
‘Can you see me, Sherlock? Can you see me? Come on Sherlock try to wake up.’
'I mean just because Mycroft is spying on him it doesn't necessarily mean he's dangerous. Mycroft spies on everyone! I bet he even spies on you! Your life has changed John. And now Sherlock's life has changed, too. I remember when he called in the middle of the night asking me why you were getting married.'
‘When?’
John inspects the room, ‘Where’s Sherlock.’
‘What a coincidence’ John replies, ironically
Sherlock can't hide his smile “Stop it! Stop accusing Victor just because you’re jealous.”
"No-"
‘You’re angry because you didn’t talk to him, not because you didn’t forgive him. You two should talk sometimes, and let off some steam! You can’t pretend, and just leave everything inside you, thinking it’ll go away someday. There are problems that must be solved,and you two can’t go on looking at each other and making up conversations in your own heads, That’s not how friendships work’
‘She hasn’t, and I’m sorry. I’ll inform my colleagues and the dean, we have to print a missing poster and alert everyone.’
‘Why do you need a medical book?’ Mycroft asks.
Sherlock growls as he stands up and totters after his brother. He pauses for a moment to lean on the wall for stability, before making his way to the kitchen while shouting towards his open bedroom door. ‘Checking? What are you
‘Mmm’ Sherlock takes another biscuit, dips it in the milk, but before he gets a chance to eat it, the biscuit falls in the milk, and some splatters onto Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock says he needs to ‘gooooo’ but insists he can’t make it without John’s help. So, John reluctantly leads him to the bathroom.
“Why? Are you jealous?” putting perfume on and taking the watch on the table. He walks toward Sherlock, leaning down and kissing him on the cheek, looking at him. Sherlock is munching biscuits, staring at the phone and notices Victor is staring at him ‘Why are you staring me? have you never seen my face before?”
Sherlock did the same.
A well known voice makes Greg turn: it’s John. He smiles shyly. “Ehi..”, moving his feet uncomfortably.
Sherlock marches to the doorway and gras the frame, stammering ‘F-f-fine, Mrs. Hudson. Thank you, and goodnight.’The door frame shudders, as Sherlock shuts the door. Disturbed, Mrs Hudson quivers. ‘Oh my.’ she whimpers, staring at the closed door. She gingerly returns to her flat, turning round a few times in the hope of seeing the young man open the door for some consolation.
They decide with a nod, and start following the cab, sometimes taking different ways, John is thoughtful; Greg looks at him with concern.
Mary laughs ‘I know!!’
FROM : GL
‘Mmm’ peering at the second shelf of the fridge, opening a drawer.
‘What—what happened? What’s going on??’ Victor turns to the police rising his voice, nervous. ‘What have I done?? Is it for Daniel??’
Lestrade exhales through his nose, looking hopeless.
‘I think we should go now.’
‘Well, I don’t think she would like to spend an evening with his ex-boyfriend next to her anyway’ Sherlock proclaims.
"Well...you can pretend it's 1895 for a night."
Sherlock starts coughing, almost chocking, quickly taking the glass of beer
“It doesn’t matter.”
‘Sherlock, it’s GREG!!!’ He comments smiling
Greg sees his phone on the table and reads all the messages. He quickly sends one:
I'll just check that you're annoying everyone in your department.
‘Fuck…..oh god….’ John laughs.
To : Sherlock
From : Sherlock
‘I said they have good whiskeys’
‘Hi!’ Sherlock cheerily replies, smile wide and unbelieving.
John gets close to it, checking it "I don't have a clue"
John looks at him as he walks in, ‘There’s a new bar now, I win!’ looking at the man in the kitchen, and barely breathing from running up the stairs.
Greg turns the call off and keeps on the phone in his hand while driving.
‘And?’ Greg asks, curious
Sally ‘Who’s lost?’
“Admit it! You can’t stop accusing him because you’re jealous. We’ve already proved Victor is innocent, if you keep accusing him we’ll get nowhere.”
Sherlock sits and tosses the woman a fake smile. ‘Can I get you something to drink?’
She kisses him again, and takes a cab.
FROM : Mycroft
John raises his eyebrows in denial.
‘Okay…let’s just…analyze facts, okay…probably I was wrong….probably I just misunderstood’
John pulls out his mobile to call Mary.
‘I know, but I’m just asking..you know…wondering..’
‘2.14 pm.’
Mycroft walks away, back through to the kitchen. John and Greg are stood right where his and Sherlock let them. As he appears from Sherlock’s bedroom, closing the door behind him, the pair pounce forward.
‘Are no longer a couple.’
‘The Conan Doyle books about your cases’
Sherlock looks at whatsapp messages and rolls his eyes,taking a long breath.
Silent. He takes long breaths staring at it
‘What did you expect? Name, address, and the killer’s arm?’
John fakes a cough, and suddenly Sherlock turns back, looking at both of them in confusion.
Greg bites his lower lip, gnawing on the pink flesh fretfully.  Glaring as he thinks, Greg huffs.
‘But... it’s good. Wait- what do you mean you found the words? What are you doing?'
‘JUST GO TO BAKER STREET! I’M COMING, DON’T DO ANYTHING UNTIL I’M THERE!’
Sherlock ‘The map was the plan that Moran and Moriarty had to kill me, and the caveau where the money are hidden’
‘Mmm, ‘Is he already inside?' John replies.
‘Yes, why?’ Sherlock answers, calmly
‘I was excited about the winery opening,….and the fact that I was going to be a professor…but, there was something very important, in the deep of my heart that I was missing, and that didn’t make me enjoy what I was doing. Something that I thought about every day, when I woke up, when I went to bed, when I looked at the winery, the first day I walked in the university..'
‘We’re in the middle of a case!’
“I don’t think”
‘Sherl-’ John stumbled, cringing.
‘Interesting…and I’d add…’ Sherlock thinking ‘that at first she’s in love with Gatsby because he reminds her of the good old times she had with him and because she can forget the hell life she has with her husband, that’s why she thinks she loves him. But then she understands that he’s changed, that he’s been trapped in the past for too much time, and he’s become obsessed with it, so much that now she’s just become the puppet he wants to move like he wants. That's why he will soon realizes that life is different’
Mycroft “It was their plane to kill Sherlock. They would have split money....” Mycroft touches his stomach, grimacing with pain. Greg and John look at him, worried, then fakes a smile, looking at each other uncomfortably “....a lot of money,..they’re still in the caveau drawn in the map. But then the plan was destroyed, Moriarty killed himself, and Moran decided to kill one of the gang and burn him to fake her death. That's why she was “dead” for Scotland Yard, she changed face and identity, and came back to London to kill him, because Adair knew who she was and what she was planning. She wanted to close the case with Adair's death, and take all the money. Until Sherlock came back...with you” looking at John “He came back investigating. And she’s coming after him, ready to kill him"
Mycroft cracks an ironic laugh ‘How brave, my little brother, ….thinking he can manage the abstinence as he likes, it reminds me of the old college days’
‘How about those guys right there?’ John points at a group of young teenagers approaching.
‘It’s not big trouble. We’ll fix it, so-‘
“I’ll read it...one day"
‘Hey, where are you going? ‘I’m not on drugs! I’m clean! What are you doing in my bedroom? Get out!’
And I spent oh so many nights just feeling sorry for myself,
can you imagine Mycroft’s face when my dad told him about us?’ laughing
Sherlock peers up at John, ‘somebody who was afraid he could reveal important things about Moriarty.’
As the bright screen penetrates his pupils, John’s eyes moisten. Drops leak from the sore sockets. They parade over the apples of his cheeks and John swipes at his face to falter the rain. He sniffs harshly, feeling a few tears peel away from his chin and collapse onto his neck. The dribbles that follow cascade downwards, beneath the fabric of his night-shirt as he reads.
Sherlock leans on the bar table, looking around
Mary and John are sat in Lestrade’s office, chatting, when Sherlock walks in.
TO: SHERLOCK
The two women nod in astonishment, Sherlock and John close the door, and slowly make their way to the sidewalk.
Victor, surprised: ‘Wh—what??’
‘Invoved?!?!? Chéri.' Victor turns to Sherlock 'what are they talking about?’
Baker Street. Now.
Sherlock ignores him, taking his coat.
'Fine'
‘Why are you asking?’
‘Thank you’
“because...it's life, Victor. And sometimes it disappoints you." Sherlock hugs him tightly.
‘He’s talking to a man at the bar.’ John observes out loud.
‘I have to work until 7pm, I can’t do it.’
Just at that moment, John runs outside toward them.
‘Sherlock?’ she whispers, she looks out the stairs and up at him. ‘Sherlock! You’re back!’
John nods, not understanding Greg’s intentions.
Sherlock smiles one of his knowing grins.
‘He has troubles with Jane!’ John cuts him off, after finally thinking of a convincing lie.
Greg shouts to the pair of them, ‘I’m find too, if anyone cares. Humpf-let’s go dance upstairs, it’s the only way to digest this shit.’
‘She.’
‘When?’
‘This is ridiculous’
Eating a rusk with jam ‘mmm, yes,----no, we still haven’t found him, we---no no…..Ok, I’ll call you later, now it’s late I have to go---yes. Sherlock sent me a message he’s probably still at Baker Street. I don’t know. I’ll go there now anyway ----okay, okay call you later. Bye, bye love, bye.’
He gets out and rests an hand on the window cab, lowering his head to softly say, ‘bye.’
‘What the hell is going on?’
Mary shuts the phone. John tries to call her again “Mary...Ma—...oh, Fuck." He shuts the phone, throwing in on the sofa, taking the remote control, focusing on the news:
‘There’s… there’s a guy outside for Sherlock Holmes.’ He gruffly informs her, as he passes her in the hallway.
‘No, I told you, I didn’t worry until I saw that post on facebook, he hasn’t come back home, and now her mother is constantly calling us asking about him, if we’ve seen him or anything, I didn’t expect she didn’t call you’
‘It’s…fine’ Sherlock replies.
Victor smiles “The one I wrote you, it’s in the Little Prince's book."
‘Why? Are you hiding something?’
‘You’ll be better soon, don’t worry, you’ll be better soon’ He takes the phone and calls Greg again
Sherlock runs in the bedroom, slowly opening the door. He silently walks in, checking if John is still sleeping, his arms wide spread, snoring. Sherlock takes his phone on the bedside table, reading the message.
Mary: ‘Everything is about this man, that's what counts most. Check if he’s not on drugs-‘
‘What did you take Sherlock? What did you take?’ Sherlock’s incapable of answers, so John starts slapping his face hard, grabs takes the phone.
‘yes, exactly…and….’ Greg checking his phone, trying to take time
Greg looks at him in a gloomy way.
TO: Anthea
‘Sherloock! Good morning! How are you dear?’
'I can't believe he's just his boyfriend'
John looks at her a bit confused, then realizes. ‘Ahh, yes, sure, don’t worry.’
‘What would you like to do, then?’
‘It’s a beautiful thing, I think it’s the most beautiful kind of memory our brain can have for ages keeping the memory intact, as if it happened yesterday, thanks to that smell or that sound we are connected to that memory forever…’
John “.....you know it"
‘Mycroft?’
‘What?’ Greg exclaims incredulously. His eyes squinted, nose scrounging as his expression gave way to a wave of confusion.
‘It seems like he’s found all the other surgeons names. Well, at least I hope so.’ He takes a sip, and walks into the living room, leaning against the wall ‘How many of them?’
Molly and Greg look at John and Sherlock exchanging nervous questions and upset answers at each other.
‘So, how’s the case going?’
John looks away ‘They loved each other, but...not at the same time’ smiling at Gregson. The audience applauds, the band starts playing 'Lieder by Mendelssohn’. Sherlock turns, going toward John and Gregson.
‘Okay, you’re going to give him the shot into his heart, so you’ll have to through the breastplate, okay? It’s a bone, and we only have one shot, alright?’
“We would like to believe in someone who can save us, we would like to believe that we know what we’re going to do tomorrow and how to manage our life,...but we don’t. Neither God knows. He neither knows how this story is going to end.” They both turn to stare at each other, Sherlock adds a sad smirk on his face but his eyes betrays him, he’s devastated, and the dark circles under his eyes confirm it. Mary looks away, breathing nervously, feeling the tension rising.
‘When are you leaving?’ He sits next to her.
‘Sherlock, please, just…go away’ John asks, begging him.
‘Yes, obviously, he won’t flee. Tanaka cared about his friend too much to leave London. I bet he’s investigating, just like us.’  He smirks and abruptly steps out of the office tossing a “John!” over his shoulder.
‘Y...yes.yes.’ He clears his throat, 'To…Mary, obviously.’
‘And that’s it, we need a list now.’
I saw the tv show last night. It’s the gayest thing I’ve ever seen.
John switches over and calls Mary. Speaks for a minute and then switches back to Sherlock.
Sherlock: ‘I’m going away’
John nods at Greg’s receding back, and yells after him, ‘We’ll be right there!’
‘Mmm, yes. Well, tipsy by the look of it.’
FROM: JOHN
‘Yes…polaroids. I told you, he’s interesting, indeed, but now he’s gone, I won’t be able to know him because somebody else in this town already took him’
‘Tanaka’ Greg replies, giving him a small kick under the table.
‘Do you find it funny?’
Suddenly, he sees Sherlock outside, observing him. The young boy walks toward him.
‘I….take…the same’ john smiles at her
TO: JOHN
Greg swallows nervously looking sad “You...seriously want to end all this?”
‘You’re even on a biscuits pack!!’ Greg comments
JL :     He was a brave little fellow, always guarding the house. Every time somebody rang the doorbell, he’d always arrive first.
‘Yes, I presume, I heard him go out before, but he must be back because I heard –‘
John looks at him in confusion, frowning ‘you, what?’
'Like..seriously,...who would organize another surprise party...?!?! Twice in a row!!'
‘Sure, and If you need anything- you can call me, okay?’
‘What?’ He suddenly stops, and looks confused at Sherlock.
Greg opens his eyes and turns toward John, surprised.
‘Yes!’
John rolls his eyes, annoyed.
‘What do you mean?’ Greg wonders aloud, grimacing as John stepped closer.
‘Can I get you something? Handsome…’
‘Moi??’
‘Thank you Mrs Hudson’ Mycroft answer smiling.
Meanwhile, John’s back at the mic, still doing a terrible job, and still staring into Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock sips, then slowly swallows looking at the wine in the glass, making it round in it, then taking another piece of salad with the fork. ‘No, he hasn’t. At all. He has even gotten worse’
‘No – no! You can’t say these things and not explain.’
‘I think, um…He’s….uh.’ John can’t put together a coherent sentence to save his life. John tenses up, and Greg pulls his eyes from the closed door to stare at John with a dropped jaw.
Sherlock hums, quickly rolling it up and going away. When they walks out the hotel Sherlock calls for a taxi, while John keeps making him answers ‘Is that a Reichenbach map? That's the hospital'
The car suddenly stops, Greg and John alert their drive to slow down, and stop.
‘Gavin’
Mycroft rises his head, looking at his brother in the eyes, trying to take courage “Sherlock....I must tell you something."
‘Don’t be offended, Molly, but we’ve already seen too many dead people, we hope to find some living one.’ Greg comments, smiling, nodding a bit turning back toward her
‘You know my students check my profile, I can’t do it’
‘Oh, we can help you’ Sherlock forces the door, pushing it, and walking inside ‘Doctor Watson and I took a volunteer course’
Sherlock turns him slowly, John has his eyes half opened, suffering, tries to talk ‘They’r......’ gasping ‘they’....’
'ANTHEA IT’S ME, GREG. GREG LESTRADE. TELL MYCROFT IT’S URGENT, PLEASE!'
‘What the hell do you have in mind? This hotel is always full of journalists and press since you came here!! I can’t stand it anymore!! I won’t allow you to enter in the room without the police permission!!’
FROM: JOHN
‘You don’t understand anything, anyway!’ he laughs, looking and smiling at Sherlock.
'The stuff that you wanted to say...but didn't say it....you sait it to Greg last night.'
‘And do you keep the cassettes and watch them?’ his mouth closer to Sherlock’s.
A smile grows slowly, as the sun rises, the man breaking into loud laughter as he stares at John. He states, ‘You’re just like his brother.’
Sherlock walks through the morgue hall toward the exit door, when suddenly Mary appears, opening the door, quickly running to Sherlock.
‘Do you like it?’
Mycroft replies, smirking “Sherlock is changing, John”  looking at him “you'd be surprised"
‘Mmmm.’
‘There was such a mess…’ She moans, then adds ‘Last night I couldn’t sleep, I was so frightened.’
John dresses with worry, downing a cup of tea. He calls Mary, as he hastily fries an egg to go along with his buttered burnt toast.
‘Sorry?’
FROM : GL
‘And they brought this for you this morning!’
I know how to choose romantic places
‘HE NEEDS MUSIC SO HE WON’T FALL ASLEEP!’
Sherlock is petrified.
‘That’s you?’ Sherlock looks at her, smiling.
‘And I’m not gonna miss the tv show tonight!’ he smiles back, pointing ironically at John.
Sherlock smiles, looking at him ‘You were cute’ laughing
John is still gasping, trying to take breath and calm down. He looks around, confused, still shocked. The clock says eleven pm. The room is dark, illuminated by a lamp on the bedside table. His right shoulder still hurts. Sherlock is lying next to him, sleeping deeply, face down, his right hand next to John's body. The door is open, John can hear sounds and voices coming from the tv in the living room:
The quip shuts Lestrade up with an annoyed look on his face. Molly twists to stare at him for answers, but none are given. Sherlock is just happy that he’s made someone else miserable too. The old saying is true, it does love company. Just when Sherlock's reveling in his satisfaction, John suddenly stands up and calls everyone's attention. He's looking around at all the guests in the ballroom with a huge smile.
John turns slowly, humming
‘You answered like I just said the dumbest thing ever!
“Where are you?”
‘<<I saw you passed by and came back at home….I know…there are still your footprints on the door step…they don’t want to go away…I saw your new shoes and I stole them, I thought you wanted to go away forever….and with a note on the bag I wrote you: I wish you’ll find love in the world, I wish that you’ll find the job you love, I hope that God will guide you, I hope that the sky will always give you sunny days, I hope that your health will be always ok, whenever you are, wherever I am, wherever you sit, wherever I sing..’
‘Adair was killed’
“Yes...yes...we’re doing our best to find them.."
‘I’m not blaming Sherlock, I’m blaming you’ going in the living room. John turns and follows her, trying to arrange some comforting words ‘We..we can have another holiday! I’ll make you choose the destination, okay?’
He wonders what present they could have bought him.
Sherlock rolls his eyes in silent reply.
Sherlock turns the TV off, goes to the kitchen, picks up the letter, and walks into his bedroom.
‘Excuse me, hey’ the taxi driver tries to gets their attention.
Mary turns, eyes wide open, shocked.
‘I’m fine!’ he replies, aggravated, he flips to his other side.
‘It’s going well, but Sherlock was waiting for you to make some interviews to the surgeons’ Greg answers, taking another bite with the fork
‘What do you think he’s doing now?’
(From his bedroom) ‘In fact…that’s what I’m going to do’ ….. ‘Having some rest’ He opens the door and look at both of them ‘Away from Alcatraz’ shutting the door.
‘Poor me…’ still kissing Sherlock’s back, caressing it with his right hand
TO : MH
‘Maybe?’
John: ‘We can take a drink and walk outside.’
‘What?’
'Stop saying brother mine! It's irritating!'
FROM : John
‘Yeah, to me!’ John says with a huge smile, one that Sherlock tries (and fails) to emulate.
‘Sherlock!’
Greg just smiles, and opens the present gleefully.
‘But Lestrade did, I suppose’
John nods, putting the forks in order.
‘Yes’
Greg turns, looking Sherlock in the eyes "He'll be fine, don't worry."
“Mary” Greg answers, surprised.
‘Oh…this one you did with the cigarette to give me a James Dean look’ Sherlock smiles
‘Yes, but remember, John- we’re here to investigate.’
3:22 am
‘Thanks to your beloved doctor’ John grins.
‘A witness for what? My husband was a respectable man, an-‘
John peers at the usb on the table, he takes it, and goes upstairs, taking his laptop. When he comes back in the living room, Daniel's mother knocks at the door, followed by Mrs Hudson.
‘Do you remember where I put that t-shirt?’
John stands up ‘Thank you....’ He remains silent for a moment, slowly walking toward the door
‘Nothing.’ John repeats, gnawing on his nails. He continues to stare at the screen of his phone.
‘NO! I didn’t!’
‘And I walked in the living room and nobody was there’
He stands up and goes outside the door, walking in the hall
Silence.
Sherlock suddenly answers with his usual sarcastic, bitter tone ‘Do not laud him too much Mrs Hudson, he’s already above himself’ Then keeps tapping on his phone while talking to his brother. ‘So, you’ve got news about the car’
“I don’t fucking care about safety! You’re just making up excuses again! Shut up!!! Shut up!! I don’t want to hear you anymore! I don’t care anymore! Go away!! Go away from my life!”
‘He’s probably already at home, sleeping.’
‘Oh, Diane.’
‘I don’t know’
Sherlock keeps receiving sms and checking the phone.
Greg, looking at Sally ‘Daniel Williams is the guy who shot John yesterday in the car’
John turns at both of them, confused and worried ‘Wh---who’s Daniel?’
‘Still angry about this morning?’
‘Oh…good!’
FROM : John
“Because it’s boring!”
‘And…‘ John stares in astonishment at Sherlock’s attempt to eat biscuits. ‘And…you know the usual.'
‘I…Sherlock, what is happening? Why are you so nervous, and jumpy. You’re mumbling and I don’t think I’m understanding you.’
‘They are your pajamas.’
‘This one was taken in the car’
"I'm coming, too. I want to help him."
Sally ‘That’s not a proof’
John frowns, looking again at the book on the kitchen table. “Yeah...me too, thanks"
“I’m not leaving because of him.”
10 : 04 AM
‘And…and congratulations to Mary Morstan!’ He raised his glass of champagne at the newlyweds who smile broadly back.
You know that people create guest lists? You surprise me, Mr. Holmes
He, again ‘Fear that weʼre useless and that no one cares what we have to say.’
‘Yes, I’m waiting for a table.’
“No, John...I’m trying to make you understand that it’s not the end of the world-"
The man suddenly turns back to Sherlock and glares harshly at him.
He puts the phone back on the bedside table, untangles himself from Sherlock, and gets up. He steps over to the bedroom window, moving the curtain aside to get a clear view of the empty street.
Sherlock looks at the agenda, excited: ‘No, she’s a woman, she’s always been a woman.’ He comments enthusiastic. ‘Everyone called her Sebastian, but it’s not her first name. On this agenda I found the appointment, 21st November. Sounds familiar, Inspector?’
‘Or you were just trying to trick me into this case?’
John looks at the screen ‘Myke?’ he whispers.
TO: SHERLOCK
Greg nods, chewing
‘Why you didn’t ask him who he was?’
To : John
‘Oh…uh, a man.’
‘He was throwing up!’
‘Yes!’ Molly laughs ‘She told me the interview was for the BBC News!’
Mycroft glances swiftly at the cloths piled on the side, asking, ‘Why did you put it away if it is dirty?’
‘Hey, Mycroft, we’ve controlled the whole area. There aren’t any more unexploded mines in all of Baker Street! The attack was made with miniature explosives, bound to one another in a grid-like fashion. The bomb squad doesn’t know if they were remotely timed, or were triggered when he stepped on one of them, but we do know that they’ve all exploded!’
‘What?’ John asks, glancing between the two men.
Sherlock closes his eyes more......
John just looks confused at the interaction, and reaches out a hand ‘Wait, what? Who’s Microsoft?’
Better, thanks to you.
Sherlock fills up the tea tray, passes John without responding, and brings the tray in the living room
‘I’m not lately…’
(4:25 pm)
‘If you won’t publish them I’ll do It on facebook’
‘A bit’
Sherlock stands still in the living room for a while. Then he goes toward the stereo near the TV shelf, and looks through a stack of cd’s and selects one;
Mary: ‘I don’t care what Victor gave you!’
Elements of an Apology: A request for their attention; I wanted to talk to you about what went down at our dinner party last night.
John tugs lightly at Sherlock to get him off the stage, the pair of them laughing hysterically.
‘Cold.’
‘Sherlock, Mary told me she can help us with the list, did you contact Lestrade?’
‘Yes’
‘Okay’ John replies.
From : John
‘Ehm…okay, so,…’ John fakes a cough ‘So,...How is the case going?’
‘You know...’
‘Yes! With Jane!’ Greg adds strongly with relief.
John looks at him going away on the street, through the window, and takes the phone calling Molly.
Mary goes toward the door and opens it with a smile.
Greg: 'Are you sure you're not a bit....jealous?'
‘Sherlooooooooooooooooooooock!!!!’
‘What was it?’
‘Yes!’
‘Sorry?’
‘Sherlock! Sherlock look at me! It’s Greg, LESTRADE! IT’S LESTRADE SHERLOCK! Don’t worry; we’ll get you outa this shit soon. Just keep your eyes open and look at me, your brother’s on his way, okay?
‘Ehi-Wait! What food?’
‘Are you from the police or something?’
Mycroft has the needle on his hands
John, frowning at Sherlock: ‘Chéeri??’
‘I think I meant….bar or something…’
‘That is what really matters, right? This is just….your…your hobby.’
“Why?”
‘It was good!! Really!’ John tries to diffuse the tension, embarrassed.
‘Yes’ Greg answers ‘Let’s try to see if we can find something about Moran…we’ve been working for weeks now, and we haven’t found anything special.’
‘Oh, well that’s nice dear. It’ll be something to keep you going until the next shows up at least.’
‘But why you two are always so...detached from each other? You do care for him but there's always this...eternal war between each other.'
‘Who?’
John stops scanning the club, ‘Really?’
4. R.D.
Mark looks confused, frowning, then trying to say something “Ehm....."
to leave you. You still don’t understand!’ Sherlock shouts. John stands silently, frightened by the outburst.
"Thank you."
‘Would you like anything else?’
‘Do you manage it from your pc??’ Greg looks closer at Sherlock’s pc, clicking on history event, and reads all the passages done by the alarm system, then sees Sherlock’s activity online: Mary’s facebook account over and over
The announcer is back on the stage and interrupts their moment with a loud speech, ‘LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, THE MOMENT YOU ALL HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR. THE KU CLUB KARAOKE CONTEST!’ The crowd erupts in enthusiastic applause, hoots and whistles.
John looks skeptically at Sherlock.
“I didn’t”
John's eyes are wide open, he looks shocked
‘Huh? What do you m-‘
THE TIGER TAKES THE LEAP, THE EAGLE SPREADS ITS WINGS, WHEN TIGER DIES, HE LEAVES HIS SKIN, WHEN PEOPLE DIE, THEY LEAVE THEIR NAMES:
John looks at her and smiles, then leans over to give her a kiss on the cheek.
‘The medical book.’
Sherlock frowns at him, then stutters ‘…I was just…you know’ gesticulating with his hands ‘checking if everything was alright’
"I can't imagine what their parents must have been going through"
‘He’s gone. We won’t find him here. Or Woodley for that matter.’ Sherlock says confidently.
He huffs out, lowering his head. Suddenly he hears his phone ringing in the living room.
‘I believe there’s a…surprise for you, Sherlock’ Mrs. Hudson rests her hand on the packed tray. Sherlock frowns as he moves towards it.
‘He….WHY? Why are you asking about this?’
‘do you like it?’
JL : And he was always happy, always…..always. And he was clean, too.
Sarah, eyes wide open, shocked. “No!! No!'
‘Yes..apparently..…I left London thinking about what happened the night before, you can understand I was a bit shocked. I was on honeymoon and I had to enjoy it, but I couldn’t stop thinking about what was happening and how Sherlock was reacting to my marriage. Everything was so confusing, you know… I called Mycroft many times to know how he felt, and Mary started telling me that since Sherlock is back into my life I’ve changed, that I started to be obsessed with him, that things were getting worse..'
In the tv series! Not in real life.
‘I was back when you decided to get married’ Sherlock’s voice rises.
change,....and a hug is worth a thousand words."
'The strange case of the shitty honeymoon and the Sherlock's pal' he replies ironically.
‘Sherlock’s manual: How to fake your death’
Sherlock shouts annoyed: ‘I wasn’t on drugs for christ's sake!!!'
'How many fingers do you see?'
He looks around ‘Here it is,…did…did you want to take….pics, you said?’
Greg stands up and goes toward the table, then comes back on the floor giving John a pen.
FROM: SHERLOCK
FROM: JOHN
‘Are you quoting the Great Gatsby?’ Sherlock asks
‘Good!!!’ Sherlock answers, faking a smile, turning the tv on at high volume, watching cartoons.
‘John, and what did you buy for Sherlock last night?’ Mary asks curiously.
See attached video
‘Just men….or friends…. I mean, no girlfriends, no wives…’
"Stop it! stop it! You never said a word about it! Never!"
‘Are you crazy?’ he laughs
Mycroft turns the cigarette on for him
Sherlock nods ‘I have to go now’ whispering.
“Sherlock..” John answers, shocked and confused.
‘What do you mean by mistake?’ Mycroft crosses his arms and stares at Sherlock
Don't stress yourself so highly.
“What? what should I know?"
'Good, 'cause I have two free flight tickets for you.'
Sherlock peers at him, angry ‘I’m not addicted!! I just took the drugs by mistake! I don’t need a rehab, I know I won’t take them again, I’m perfectly fine’
‘It’s so much you’ Sherlock smiles, leafing another page
“Thanks”
‘It’s not your fau--’
John licks his lips anxiously, nervous laughter erupting from him. He sardonically remarks, ‘I bet he goes out with you and you two talk about such deep things, right?’
Back in 221b John walks into the bedroom with a tray of chocolate milk, and chocolate biscuits. Sherlock’s watching television, and when John walks in he lowers the tv volume to hear an exasperated ‘Finally.’ John ignores the stroppy comment, brings the tray to rest on the bed, and sits down next to it.
Sherlock turns back and sees Mycroft looking at him ‘My compliments for new furniture, dear brother’
personal blog. Not just a blog about our cases!
‘Yes, Adair met a man before he died.’
.....
‘Are you going to watch it?’ ‘Absolutely not’
Mycroft is at the door. John is walks out, Greg stopping to stand by Mycroft.
‘Okay.’
‘GREG NOW! I SAID COME HERE!’
TO: Sherlock
‘Good.’
Greg’s phone buzzes with an incoming text, he turns away from their view of the pub to read it.
John cracks a smile ‘for what?’ As he checks the thermometer and sees there is still a slight fever. Sherlock doesn’t reply.
‘Well...we really didn’t watch it?’
Victor ‘Did you talk to Rachel?’
‘I still am!’ he adds, smiling.
‘I’m fine Mrs. Hudson.’
John takes a long breath ‘Well, it seems that since he’s back into Sherlock’s life, they’re back doing what they did when they were teenagers’
He sends another message:
From: Mycroft
‘I’ve decided to take a break for now, I’ll try to come back when I’ll understand them better’
‘Y…yes, sometimes. Just thoughts,..or…poems’ He replies, blushing.
Sherlock swallows, coughing to hold back the tears, and taking the note. He turns it and reads something:
‘You said he.’
Sherlock walks in the living room: ‘He’ll make the cake. Victor is a chef’
John, with an amazed look on his face: ‘We??? What? No!!! of course no! We already did last year! Why would we organize another surprise party?!? The fact that the world has come to the first was surprising. Not?’
‘He’s in his bedroom. Refuses to come out.’
‘It’s not romantic and soporific’
Sherlock weaves back, and grabs the wall, struggling to stay upright as he laughs with John.
‘I told her I was sorry that they split up.’
‘You left me!’ Sherlock watches, as John gets off his perch and kneels next to him. He reaches out to touch John’s hands.
Sherlock shows the photo to John
TO: SHERLOCK
Sherlock nods slowly, eyes focused on the floor.
Victor ‘Nice.’ Victor stands up, going toward the kitchen ‘Want some more tea, honey?’
He stands still for few seconds, looking around, putting his right hand in the pocket, ‘I just wanted to know how you felt.’
‘Hey, I’m not talking about this…I’m just…saying that probably we’re making wrong assumptions, we’re jumping to conclusions too early. We don’t know who’s this man, neither what he has to do with Sherlock, probably he’s useful for a case or something’
John makes a sarcastic smirk ‘Well..I hope….so, ….what did you want to talk about?’
(4:23 pm)
From : John
JW 10 : 45
Greg ‘You..???what?’’
‘Sure I want...Adieau, bonne nuit’
‘I’m not, actually,--‘
‘These pills will just give you some rest, you’ll sleep few more hours, that’s it’
"But he's different from other heroes. Batman is Bruce Wayne, Spiderman is Peter Parker. When Sherlock Holmes gets up in the morning, he is not Sherlock, he mustn't put on a costume to become the genius detective, with the hat and the pipe. That's why he's unique. When Holmes wakes up in the morning, he's already Sherlock Holmes. His alter ego is Sherlock, when he's in his dressing gown, playing the violin; that's his costume, to hide in plain sight. Sherlock is the alter ego of the genius Holmes, the way he sees society. And which are his characteristics? He's frail, irritable, doesn't believe in himself, and he's addicted to drugs. Sherlock represents the critic of Holmes to the human race, just like you and Mary Morstan."
'Exacly, and it coincides with the surgeon’s death one month after. There are three letters on it :
Mycroft glances at the pages on the table, randomly leafing them with his thumb, talking slowly ‘You.....You never heard him talk of.....Victor Trevor?’
‘Can you stand still for a few moments?’
Greg, Sherlock, John and Molly are having a night out at the pub. During the dinner, there are flashbacks about the week Sherlock passed during John's absence. As usual, to listen to the songs ---> right click and 'open in a new window'.
He cracks a laugh ‘Yes, you are’
'And what's that bag?' Sherlock opens a little paper bag, smiling and giggling: he takes a tape out of it, looking at John 'I think the case is solved, doctor Watson.'
TO : Mycroft
And I grew strong, and I learned how to get along!’
Sherlock places the handkerchief on the bedside table, and continues munching his biscuits. ‘That’s all?, that’s why Lestrade got you out of bed?’
John looks at her, mouth gaping, not sure about her intentions. Then cracks a nervous laugh ‘You…you can’t ask me this…right?’
‘And so, Adair comes out of prison, wanting to meet Moran. Wanting to have his portion of the reward, but Moran kills him.’
His hand is on Sherlock’s back, Sherlock’s face is up on his shoulder.
Sarah nods turning to them. The cops runs toward Victor, taking him by his arm, arresting him.
‘Anata, Arigato!’ Sherlock happily announces, grinning at the waiter.
‘You from the papers?’
"I’m not here to talk you about poetry, anyway...I shouldn't...since I’m not a teacher anymore..they fired me"
‘No.’
As she walks in the living room, she sees John and Mycroft over Sherlock, who’s now lying on the floor in the middle of the room.
‘Okay okay…’
John takes a long breath, lowering his head, then starts talking ‘Everything began after Baskerville. More or less..’
‘Yes, Detective Inspector’ she calls back confidently.
‘It’s.....fine, I understand. I know what it means.’
Sherlock takes a sheet with his left hand and brings it up to his mouth, one hand wide opened on his left eye
‘How on earth did you not...’
He stares at it, touching the books with his soft fingers and taking one: The Little Prince. He opens the first page: there’s a note, Sherlock reads the poem written in it.
The cab speeds off.
‘ Listen, I’m sorry if I have a life! Sherlock…could you please not think about yourself just for once? Did you hear what I told you? I have a flight tomorrow afternoon. I paid for it, and Mary’s working until this evening, andI have to pack the luggage, print the boarding passes-'
‘No…well we had problems, but …uh, we’re trying to sort it out, you know, and John is always willing and able to help me figure everything out’ Greg gives a nervous smile.
What of it?’
1:41 am
John shouts "I was trying to protect us!! I was scared to lose you!"
‘Okay.’
‘Are you okay?’
John is typing, updating his blog, looking at the notes he wrote and trying connect all the informations, randomly reading them.
‘What?? What should I know about him?? Why are you all assuming he's a bad guy?’
‘Eh Molly!’ John calls from the kitchen.
Victor “Shh!!”, whispering “Keep quite!”
....ok.
‘I’m here today to tell you about a love story. A love story between two men, who spent most part of their life living together, without knowing how much they were important for each other. Today I want to keep a promise for my best friend, and lover, J. Enoch Drebber: donate his money to the London Music School. There’s going to be a new room in this school named ‘Drebber’, where children will learn to play the violin. I hope he’s looking at me today, proud of what I’m doing for him.’
He stares at his class, moved “This is for you guys, who wake up everyday and fight your life's battle: young students who want to be special, think different, and live an extraordinary life. Boys and girls...who believe the greatest and bravest thing in life is to wake up, study, and do what they love and enjoy most in life. Just like Sarah, a beautiful, clever woman who loved books and writing. When we live a tragic event, it always remind us how life is the greatest gift we have, and despite the hard times, the failures, the losses, we must live it to the fullest and fight for our dreams. Many of my students talked to me about their dreams during the classes, some of them want to be writers, others teachers, other simply don't know what they want to do in their life, and that's good. You'll find out one day. We’ve talked about art in our class, about poetry, ...and there’s a stupid idea that you have to be arrogant or miserable to create it. I’ve heard it, many times. And it’s not right. It’s nonsense. You have to believe in yourself, you have to be kind, and work hard. And enjoy and love what you do. That’s it. And take care of yourself, because it’s not selfish. And if you love doing something, but you don’t know how to get it, start somewhere. The rest will begin by itself, cause if it’s meant to be, it will happen anyway. If not, you’ll understand it one day. My poem is entitled
‘What?’ Sherlock bursts dramatically, furiously glaring at Mycroft.
‘No!! How can you convince me to go to a wedding?’
The crowd erupted in applause at the touching remarks.
"Why, she hadn't make up on?"
John grabs him, putting his hand on Sherlock's shoulder. "Sherlock" he whispers. Sherlock looks up at John, tears rolling down his face. John gets Sherlock closer to him, hugging him, Sherlock leans against John's chest.
Mary quickly stands up and takes the remote control and turns on the TV.
‘Okay, fine…’
Greg stares at John with a,
‘He said he was rude to me and wanted to invite me to his winery in Soho this afternoon. He talked me about his…
John walks in Greg’s living room, holding a duffel bag.
Mycroft stands still in front of the door, offering a small smile as thoughts distract him.
‘Examples?’ dipping the pirates biscuits into the milk.
‘ahhhhh, yes, yes’
Victor seems lost. He lowers his head and slowly takes his jacket and scarf, going away. He closes the door behind him, walking through the aisle, walking fast to get rid of the people staring at him. One of his student calls him. “Professor Trevor!! Professor Trevor!!"
‘I just...fell asleep, that’s-‘ John can’t finish his sentence when Sherlock walks straight toward his brother, as facing him ‘I bet you enjoyed watching the tv show having dinner with Lestrade.’
‘Greg, you don’t need to fake it anymore, I mean….you could just say you had a quarrel with her and now you solved it.’
'Eight'
From : Mycroft
THIS IS THE BEST NIGHT OF MY LIFE
Greg turns back toward John again, tone suspicious, ‘What are you impl-‘
‘What message? Eh,calm down! Sherlock, you should come here and tell me everything!’
'I know, I said I was sorry. I forgot.’
‘You never called me that way before’ smiling ‘You know that nicknames are dangerous. It means you’re getting attached to me’
They both start laughing, and the taxi driver turns back ‘Do you want to stay here all night and pay me the extras or keep talking at home?’
‘We used to listen to it every sunday morning when we cleaned the house and the rooms’
‘I…I knew it. That’s why I never told you anything.’
‘Hi…hey!....hi….come in, John!’ Sherlock stammers out and gestures for the smaller man to enter the foyer, and follow him up the staircase. Sherlock enters first, and whirls around as John steps into the familiar space.
a rare breed.'
‘Oh…’
John looks at her and huffs out nervously ‘I’ll do it.’
(See the end of the chapter for
“You can’t leave now.”
‘A dog? Attacked you?’
TO: SHERLOCK
Sherlock sips more wine nervously and swallows ‘I don’t know, I can’t remember it’
John is thoughtful, while looking through the window cab, Greg occasionally looks at him. “what are you thinking about?"
Next to Brando, Sherlock is lying on the sofa, his legs half risen, a moleskine rested on them, writing notes and sketching. Dean is awake in her basket, scratching the ear with her paw and yawning. The living room is messy: there are bottles of wines on papers randomly thrown on the table, a shirt is on a chair next to the fireplace, full of piles of books. Five cups of coffee are on a chest of drawers, next to them a coat leaned down, almost touching the pavement. Two guitars are leaned against the wall, and a piano next to it: there are two cups of coffee and many books and sheets on it.
Sherlock ‘He’s Tanaka’s brother’
FROM: GREG
JL : John…..hi…it’s been a long time since I last saw you
He glances down, thinking.
‘When I decided to get married you weren’t still back, you weren’t alive, I thought you were dead, Sherlock, did you already forget it?—Oh, Please stop it!’ shouting at the taxi driver.
‘Does the wound on your face hurt, dear?’ She touches him gently; Sherlock takes her hand off his face ‘it’s just a scrape, Mrs. Hudson.’ , then opens the fridge.
‘Johnny---?’
Mycroft takes breath to answer, but Mrs Hudson pops in, excited ‘Mycroft!’ Mrs Hudson welcomes him with a huge smile ‘What a beautiful tv show, isn’t it?? And your character was really good, indeed!’
They all are eating now, there’s silent.
‘ I think we’re going to be in the series, too Greg’ Molly laughs
‘But I want to’ he turns toward the pillow, his face on it
‘Home, honey.’
‘No, but he saw it.’
16 : 45
‘Will you…take him home?’
‘Interesting, it tickles on the left side of your neck, and yet, when my lips are on the right side- you become aroused.'
Be happy Dear Readers
‘Then I’m dispatching team two, with your permission, to neighboring buildings’ team two consisted of five snipers, positioned to ensure his safety as well as that of his initial security team, it had taken some adapting on his part to accept the security the secret service thrust upon him, but Anthea, she kept him as far away from the arrangements as possible, he always knew he was safe however, that was her first priority.
Greg crossed his arms lightly over his chest. He had no intention of handing over maintenance payments or his portion of their savings but he was quickly getting the impression Denise was going to drag this out until she’d bled him dry. The problem was he couldn’t let her have everything she wanted. Maintenance payments would deplete his income considerably and as for their savings, well, they were after all a pension fund and one he had contributed more to over the years than Denise. No, he could allow her the house but he wouldn’t let her run him.
Before the storm there's a great deal of talking and just a little banter.
Mina had apparently slept through with no sign of illness or restlessness and it gave John some hope that he’d be able to return to work sooner rather than later. He adored his days spent with his daughter and was in no hurry to see them end but the sooner he could stop eating into his savings and relying on Mycroft the happier he would be; not to say he didn’t appreciate every moment of Mycroft’s help. John knew well enough that blood ties didn’t necessitate care or love, but he’d like to start feeling as If he had his feet beneath him again, a feeling he’d been missing with all the upheaval over recent months.
“Did you notice anything else about him?”
Whoever was creating this illusion of a Holmes child would be very sorry.  The promise of vengeance ran through his mind, no one used a Holmes like this.
Yes John debutantes are still a thing and when I was young the balls were still very popular among certain families of the aristocracy. I had to waltz with so many women before my mother would accept the truth my father and brother had been telling her for years; I was gay and there was nothing she could do the change it. Although she tried wholeheartedly I walked into my childhood bedroom on my seventeenth birthday to find my half naked second cousin waiting to seduce me. My mother still denies any involvement in the affair but she wore the evidence all over her when I initially confronted my parents. I know we never spoke frankly about our sexuality John but I imagine even you could deduce my preferences. My mooning after you for quite so many months was likely a giveaway but still.
“Would you like to know what we’re going to talk about Mr Holmes?” He said it quietly, as if to suggest what came next was some great secret. Mitrović was intelligent and experienced enough to know that every word spoken was being recorded.
‘John there is nothing for you to apologise about, I had not realised the extent to which a few facts would affect my mother. I am not,’
“Sure enough, I had to see the fools face in autopsy photos for weeks. Molly had him over at Saint Barts.”
He feels the cool hand on the back of his neck and the soft baritone of Sherlock’s voice in his ear before he registers the other man’s imposing presence.
“There were assassins living on Baker Street and neither of you thought to include the police,” Greg stated.
“Denise you can have the house and I am willing to divide the pension fund in a way which reflects both of our deposits into it but I won’t be paying you maintenance payments and I won’t be expecting any off you. Our incomes are our own and yours have been separate from mine for the majority of our marriage. You have no right to my income and you know it.”  Greg watched his wife suck her teeth at his statement.  She slid the list back over to him and stood inelegantly from her chair.
The entire experience had been mortally embarrassing but he’d emerged from it with a new friend and someone he actually enjoyed spending time with outside of Sherlock, when he’d started seeing Ella again she’d told him explicitly to make his social group bigger outside of Sherlock and the people they had known together. Tammy was a good edition, Mina adored her in the same way she did Mycroft, doing her fast crawl to the baby gate which led to the stairs whenever she could hear them enter the building. He’d grown a lot closer to her than he would have expected but her eccentric nature meant she always made him laugh and in turn made Mina laugh, it made his life easier to fill it with people that made them both inherently happy.
‘Mycroft are you out here?’  John had finally found his hosts hiding place, the man seemed to jump out of his skin at his appearance, it reminded him of the few times he had managed to drag Sherlock out of his mind palace. ‘Aren’t you freezing sitting out here?’ the man was sitting in his shirt sleeves and waistcoat, his suit jacket having been abandoned after the second bottle of wine had been opened. All four of the adults present were suffering to some degree from its influence but John figured Violet was the most affected. The combination of alcohol, stress and a strong emotional reaction had done a number on the woman, John had accompanied her and Siger upstairs and after checking the ingredients on the sleeping tablets the woman had he’d agreed she could take a half dose without it causing her any harm. Siger had been grateful for the help in calming his wife, he’d had explained quickly to John that she was prone to fits of depression occasionally but that she rarely became hysterical. When John had enquired about the sleeping pills Siger had reluctantly agreed the doctor had prescribed them shortly after Sherlock’s death, his wife had taken the news hard and held a great deal of guilt in the memories of her youngest son.
“I can tell you if you like,” Mycroft offered, withdrawing another photograph from the folder and handing it across.
Greg attempted an eyebrow waggle. He failed. John didn’t really know how to react. He started laughing, a deep, near-choking belly laugh that jostled Mina enough for her to stir in her slumber. He was mostly laughing at how ridiculous Greg looked attempting to move his eyebrows independently but also at the sheer absurdity of John confessing his fantasies involved his dead roommate and Greg making some awkward joke fast enough to be called instinctual.
"Why aren't you in bed?" John asked as he approached the huddled lump leaning against the wall near the furthest window.
The evening draws to a natural conclusion there, Siger bids John farewell with a tight handshake and a few muttered words about ensuring Mina reads books on botany before heading upstairs. Mycroft and John linger a little longer, while a car is organised and Mycroft completes the transfer of his chosen files.
John moved sluggishly away from the car, Mycroft watched him walk with a slight limp towards the house he knew John had been avoiding, but this to his mind was where this little girl would needed to call home.
‘Then it’s agreed that we’re both happy because I’m bloody relieved. Life’s too short to be miserable, John. Remind me of that when the bloody witch tries to drag me through the courts.’
“Sir…”
The reprimand was not lost of Mycroft, it was true that he had arranged the evening to prevent too much interaction occurring before dinner, his thinking being that some of topics they were likely to touch on may leave some of them with a significantly reduced appetite, Doctor Watson had developed a worrying habit of neglecting himself in this way after Sherlock’s death, he had been glad to assess Mina’s arrival had put an end to this specific version of self chastisement but he was unwilling to risk upsetting what he viewed to be a delicate position. The man had been subject to a Post traumatic episode only this morning and Mycroft had taken it upon himself to ensure this evening did not exacerbate that.
They don’t speak. John leads Sherlock upstairs and pauses at the top of the stairs to incline his head toward Sherlock’s bedroom door. Sherlock smiles in response and so they make their way down the corridor still holding hands.
‘It might be unavoidable though Greg. Are you on leave then?’
“Yes, we have the proof required to clear his name.”
He imagined the young Doctor was unwilling to walk around the house unaccompanied but was in need of some sort of distance. He had tracked the doctor’s emotions through the man’s eyes; they were highly expressive when he was behaving in an unguarded way. His medical training had clearly allowed him to appear detached while still compassionate, a large part of his bedside manner Siger imagined, but they could not escape the reality that they were discussing family, a concept it was clear they all held most dear.
“You don’t think it’s weird?”
“Sir I can’t just pass over a loaded weapon.”
‘Mother you know full well Holly passed along your message and this delay is merely John and Father taking their time in returning, you know how father likes to amble, now stop your pacing and come and drink your wine. I asked for your favourite vintage to be prepared.’
‘Lestrade.’
That final time I stood in a room with you, in one of the labs at St. Barts mirroring our first meeting, you were astounded by my lack of love for that woman. Know that your shock was well founded. I have never known a woman so deserving of devotion and protection as Martha Hudson.
Mycroft laughed lightly. “For Queen and Country?”
‘Because I don’t know what to do and you’re the smartest man I know.’ Silence again before a short laugh, it doesn’t sound like Mycroft’s normal laugh and Greg wonders if he’s right in thinking it sounds self deprecating, that’s most likely some form of wishful thinking though,
“I’m alright, Mrs Hudson, plodding along as they say.”
I hope Christmas is treating you well wherever you spent it. I imagine with your sister or Mrs Hudson, perhaps both, I was attempting to remember the details of our last Christmas together fully last night. I lay in bed and tried to place the events in a proper order in my mind but I am afraid they have become some what jumbled. I remember the disastrous party you insisted upon. I remember the morgue and Molly. I remember playing for you and Mrs Hudson but I think that came first. I played for you in the morning, something light, you went to see your sister first thing, it didn't go well.
‘Devin’
‘You should really call me Greg when we’re in a bar Danny but to answer your question I can be, but never as much as her. Sally is a winning machine,’ the young man blushes in response to his answer. ‘I’m going to nip out for a cigarette, come get me if she starts a fight will you’ he points to where Sally is starting to trash talk the head of recruitment, he’d rather not get on the man’s bad side again,  the other positive to Sam’s is the covered smoking area, he pulls himself deeper into his coat as he lights up, the smoke is hazy as he exhales, he’s alone again and the road surrounding them is quieter than you’d expect for the middle of London, he thinks back to the dream he’d had the night before, when he’d woken he’d wondered if he should feel guilt for having a sex dream about someone that wasn’t his wife, they shared a bed but in reality they were estranged, he’d stopped wearing his wedding ring months earlier and it was only for convenience they hadn’t gotten divorced, neither of them finding the time to file and sign the papers, he didn’t really speak to her anymore. Perhaps the time had come to be more proactive in their separation, maybe that was what the dream meant, the literal translation of wanting to find himself in bed with a certain politician was certainly true but it was the deeper feeling in the dream which made him believe the time had come to move on, and therefore out, of his marriage.
Greg muttered something that sounded suspiciously like bullshit under his breath in response.
Enclosed is an envelope addressed to my brother. The contents I am afraid are private and to be entrusted only to my brother's care in the hope he will know how best to employ them.
Letter 2
‘You can because you must’ She looks up, there was no smile on her face but the look in her eyes makes John believe her. He doesn't know her, didn't even know her real name but for some reason he believed her. Perhaps it was blind hope or more likely even blinder panic.
Hello my lovely readers!
‘JUST FUCKING LOOK AT HER MYCROFT’ he’d not expected his voice to rise, not expected the horror to morph into an anger so violent he couldn’t see straight, he wanted to hurt someone, someone had hurt this little girl, the child of his best friend and he wanted to hurt them. Wanted to end them.
Familiar theme music fills the living room as the two friends fell into near silence, without looking at the screen John recognises it. He raises a single eyebrow at his new friend while the woman moves forward to capture the remote. He’d been a fan of Doctor Who growing up, the family friendly story lines being a hit for him and his mum, Harry had never liked them much, she’d stayed around for the story arcs with Ace but she’d preferred to mock John’s interest in them instead. They were a classic part of British culture though, there for few people in the country, who would fail to identify a Dalek or the famous Blue Police Box,
“But the Knight knows that sometimes we keep our fear hidden deep inside because we don’t want to upset other people and so he tells the Princess, his beautiful little girl, ‘I love you more than the moon, I love you more than the stars, I love you more than the very air I breathe because you have my heart and I will keep you safe forever and ever.’”
‘John you know I wouldn't do that, none of us would, no member of this team behave in that way’ Greg accepted the pain John's doubt caused, he felt it all the deeper as he knew he had been just as absent from his friends life these past months than John had been in his, friendship went both ways after all. He had caused his own problems with this one; thoroughly botching talking to Sherlock that last time, John’s distrust was well deserved he knew. Project Poppy was just the sort of initiative where he would have needed Sherlock, he had known it from the beginning, the second the boxes of files had been delivered to him from the higher ups. But there was now a Sherlock shaped hole in the world and he knew he had help put it there. His actions, his disbelief, his fault, Sherlock had jumped, falling from great heights; metaphorically and physically, when Moriarty had pulled his net tight enough to kill. It would have been impossible for them to have known why, why he had truly jumped, but in John’s mind at least Greg knew he and Mycroft Holmes must have held a large portion of the blame.
Sherlock
“Why’d you always come running then? If the timing was always so bad.”
‘Excellent feel free to explore the grounds if you’d like,’ once Mycroft’s office door is closed behind him, John decides to go forwards across the paved veranda and perhaps follow the path by the edge of the garden’s border.
It’s dark and as empty as Mycroft promised, he goes to bed that night more peacefully than he deserves and when he dreams, he dreams of a deep baritone, soft skin and the pressure of soft lips against his own.
‘Alright Mina, down the rabbit hole we go’ A small bell rings as they enter the store, to the left John can see that the Lego display continues for half the shop, children’s tables have half built Lego structures decorating them, some look to be castles, he sees what looks to be the Death Star and some form of space ship. To the right racks of clothes, costumes, mini lab coats and shelves of shoes, converse, mini doc martins, he moves to rummage through the options, balancing Mina on his hip he picks up a pair of bumble bee converse which he is determined to buy.
“Denise, I want a divorce. I know you have asked me before and I have always said no but honestly I’m tired of being miserable and I’m sure you are too, so let’s both agree to be happy and get ourselves out of this toxic mess.” He likely spoke too quickly but speed he decided in this matter was no bad thing. Greg liked to think the awkwardness when they shared a room was so thick you could see it.
‘Mycroft is that you? Why didn’t you say you were coming dear, I would have made us some tea.’
Treatment should not come into the treatment of addiction in my mother's opinion. I would be long dead John if it weren't for the treatment i received throughout my dealings with addiction. Even those that seemingly failed left a mark on me and helped when I eventually decided an error was present in my initial calculations.
Greg is leaning against the wall now, ‘There’s no way you can go shopping John, you need to be here.’ He looks to Mycroft for confirmation,
“Alright, let’s all of us try and stay calm for those fifteen minutes and if we can’t manage that let’s at least stop cursing, the baby may be asleep but who knows what she takes in. I’d rather not have her cursing at Mrs. Turner the next time she visits.”
He needs to calm down but he doesn’t know how, he’s not had a night this bad since moving back to Baker Street; when he was living alone he had a system,  the only person to protect was himself, it made it easier, he’d sit with a kitchen knife next to his elbow and clean his gun. He’d take it apart one piece at a time, he’d clean every part before laying it out on the table in front of him, he’d put himself through drills while putting it back together, on nights when his hands shuck too much to complete them he’d find himself pressed into the corner, knife in hand while tears streamed down his face, his memories from the war shone through his nighttimes, memories of the people he’d lost, memories of the injuries he’d treated. Memories of the people he failed to save by being forced to come home; Sholto’s injuries were sustained after John’s discharge, he wondered sometimes if he could have done something if he’d been there, could have saved some of the lives of the boys in his unit that had been lost; each of their names sat on his conscious as if he’d been there to fail in person.
MURDER.
But inside this room John was creating a haven; the lights were dimmed and classical music poured out of the Bluetooth speakers Mycroft had provided for him. He sat with Mina grousing at being moved and woken again and hummed along with the tune he recognised from nights of Sherlock and the violin.
‘I am afraid Mr Lestrade that simply will not be possible, as you no doubt picked up on from this conversations opening I have important calls coming through any minute. If you tell Anthea the topic I am certain she will solve any issues you are experiencing, she has my complete faith. Good day Detective, I really must clear this line' he refused to admit he was effectively running away from Gregory but at the same time the man had the worst timing. Perhaps the day would come when he would be able to look at him without seeing the young man who had returned his brother to him numerous times.
I bottled it again John, just a little, when I was fifteen I missed my shot deliberately; I shot too high and the three birds roosting in the area flew out of range. My Grandfather was so angry; he knew why I had done it. He slapped me John, knocked me to the ground in front of his friends and called me a coward. I didn’t care though John. I would have done it again. I had done what was right and I knew that to be true.
‘Well we haven’t really talked about any of it, about what we both want, about what any of it means, about if we want each other, I know my own feelings, I was just wanting to know yours as well’ he wants to kick himself for how pathetic that sounds to his ears, the slight edge of begging isn’t helped by his position between the man’s legs. If they’re going to talk it would most likely be best to have some distance between them when they do, he moves to walk away, disentangling his hands and standing as elegantly as possible. But he doesn’t get more than a step before he’s being manhandled against a wall, his back flush to the surface, he gasps as the younger man presses his body roughly against him, he can’t stop the groan as their erections push together,
MYCROFT
“What happened to them? The mothers?”
He doesn’t have anyone to call, not really, his options were always limited. Ella, in all her therapist glory, used to suggest he call Harry on nights like this, he’d quickly explained why that would be unlikely, her alcohol issues made her more unstable than in their childhood but she’d never been a hundred percent with it then either, his mother, who would never understand something like this, something emotional and built out of guilt and love, she’d lacked the ability to feel those  when he’d been a child, how she would have developed them in the years since he’d escaped his shitty home town he didn’t know. Besides they wouldn’t be able to calm him, talk him through his dreams, no one ever has really, he had a girlfriend who tried after his first tour, the dreams weren’t as bad back then but he’d had them a few times while she’d stayed around. He’d shared, at her insistence, but things had been so different afterwards, he’d felt like he had revealed too much and she started to resent his attitude. He’d never met anyone who’d simply been able to calm him, except maybe Sherlock, he’d played for him when the dreams became too much, he’d managed to produce thrilling cases on the occasions when his limp came back, John sometimes wondered if he’d fabricated them just for him but of course he never had, but Sherlock was gone now and he didn’t have anyone else.
‘No on cases like this I don’t think anyone does, but they need someone these kids and that’s what we’re here for, so if you need anything just drop us a call.’ She hands him a card, this one has her name and number on it. She’s smiling at him and he knows instantly that if he ever did need their help he’d call her in a heartbeat.
DRUGS.
‘Dear, that wasn’t necessary, Mina’s been an absolutely dream, she’s sleeping already, can you imagine.’
Greg forced himself not to laugh at the man’s flustered voice. It would be rude for one thing as well as discouraging the other man from finishing his thought, and Greg loved to listen to him talk.
Faithfully
‘We need it to be perfect, don't we John, for this little girl we need to make her life just perfect, for him as well as for her, he would have wanted that.’
Mycroft sighed. “There is a great deal to say on this, John. Mitrović represented a small group of Moran’s men, he was a small fish in reality, although he caused quite enough damage. The link to Mina is simple; he knew her name and her relationship to me. He knew enough to have identified her as a point of weakness for me.”
“Is that the big one in the country?”
“I apologise John, I needed to make sure of Mrs. Hudson’s recollections concerning this man, Sebastian, because it is the opinion of the British secret service that this man has everything to do with Mina.”
‘Physically, yes, you will know of course that she has scars on parts of her body,’ Violet moves to clasp her husband’s hand tightly, Mycroft had shared this information with them but in his experience it is still very difficult to hear, ‘they have healed as well as can be expected and apart from that the issues when she first came into my care concerned nutrition, those have been for the most part corrected. She no longer has any vitamin deficiencies and has moved on to a diet of solid foods,  this week she is particularly taken with bananas,’ John throws a small grin in Mycroft’s direction, it is true that he has been ensuring abundances of any item Mina seems to favour, ‘Mentally the situation is more complicated, she has nightmares, as she continues to have minimal verbal communication skills finding out their contents is near impossible, certain situations seem to cause a variation of an anxiety attack, in her case this manifests as screaming or occasionally silent crying. She is a highly affectionate child, but her doctor has suggested she may have a form of separation anxiety,’ Mycroft watches as his mother systematically folds one of the lace handkerchiefs she always carries with her,
‘So little Mina you’ve had a big day, tomorrow should be easier I think, we’ve got folders of information but Daddy needs to buy some books and you need toys and blankets and clothes and so many things, we’re going to have a wonderful day and by the end of it maybe I’ll be used to calling myself Daddy, what do you think,’ her eyes were drooping but John couldn’t make himself move, sat here surrounded by fairy lights with his back against the solid structure of 221b he felt more comfortable than he had in months, perhaps years, Mina’s breaths were steady and in sleep her face relaxed into a softer shape, she’d turned into him and John didn’t want to let her go, her crib seemed too far and disturbing her seemed rude so he stayed there, wrapped in the blanket he covered them both with and told himself he’d move when he felt tiered, ignoring the yawns he’d been experiencing for the last hour. This was where he wanted to be, wrapped in a cocoon with his baby girl, something he hadn’t known he needed until he had it.
“For all intents and purposes you are, Detective Inspector.”
“Oh are they?”
John takes both the albums back and moves through the kitchen to place them on the bookcase in the living room, very little about 221b has changed since Mina’s arrival, more objects clutter the living room but nothing seems to have been removed, Mycroft notes the exception would appear to be Sherlock’s violin which has been returned to its case and placed on a high shelf, all the better to keep it from tiny hands.
‘I can’t, oh God I’m sorry I’m married.’
‘You’re so wonderful, my beautiful Mina, so smart, Daddy’s so proud of you baby, God, my little dove,’ he whispers these to her and she pats his cheek in response. She’s always so happy when they engage like this, John hopes she always loves cuddles this much because he can’t imagine a time when he won’t want to keep her close.
“I dunno, I don’t think about it much Greg. As dramatic as that just sounded. I don’t think it really matters too much to me right now. I’m not going to be dating for a while.” John nodded down to his daughter.
Mrs. Hudson merely tutted at his cheek while kissing Mina on her forehead. Clearly it was too early to expect a wittier come back.It had become habit for John to ensure a tea cup and saucer were on the table for Saturday breakfast after the third weekend in a row had started with an early morning visit.
“Dada no!” It’s the attitude inherent in the tone which cracks him up every time, you can’t see it on screen but it had been accompanied by the most perfectly Sherlock pout John had dissolved into a fit of shocked giggles. Mina amused by the effect as well as the gentle bouncing being caused by John’s actions had joined in,
John tried to arrange his mouth in some semblance of a smile, he may be a poor man’s version of a consulting detective but he could deduce the relationship between the Holmes men in an instant, he may lack Sherlock’s distinct curls but the hawkish structure of the face was similar. Having made a fool of his entrance he attempted to find some form of decorum and his efforts were reassured through the man’s relaxed posture, age and the fact he seemed to be finding a certain level of humour in John’s inelegant half sprawled entrance. In the hopes of putting himself on a positive footing with Siger Holmes, he straightened his posture and clasped his, slightly shaking, hands behind his back. He moved to consider the blooms on the centre arrangement. They held tiny white petals surrounding an extended orange centre, the smelt strongly of vanilla but with an underlying spice John couldn't identify.
‘Franklin’
‘Ready Sir’
“By you?”
Bath time was followed by warmed milk and quiet goodnights from Mrs Hudson, she couldn’t seem to help checking on them, john might have been concerned she doubted his parenting abilities if it wasn’t for the doe eyed look she wore whenever she was faced with Mina, yes John could see his little girl wrapping anyone and everyone around her finger with unprecedented ease and he couldn’t think of a reason why she shouldn’t.  They sat in John’s old bedroom surrounded by fairy lights; Mrs Hudson had made the argument for a nightlight;
ALCOHOL.
His beautiful wife who for the first two years of their relationship agreed to maintain the tradition but for the third, the year Greg made Detective and the year she started having her affairs, that year she decided enough was enough. She refused to make the hour’s journey to his family home and when Greg informed her he would be going anyway, Denise had laughed in his face. She’d known it wasn’t true. Greg didn’t trust to leave her alone for longer than an hour, his mind constantly turning back to the mental image of her gym instructor pressed between her thighs and her writhing beneath him in turn. So he hadn’t gone; he’d blamed his absence on Denise’s sudden illness but something about his tone seemed to inform his mother of the deception in his excuse. She didn’t question him though; she never would.
He walks back to his office, locking himself in the room before Sally can interrupt him; he leaves the lights off and falls ungraciously into his chair. He should be flattered he thinks but in reality he just feels slightly sick and very sad. Sad for himself because his first kiss in six months just came from a young man he respects but has no feelings for but also for Danny, he doesn’t want things to be awkward but he thinks there’s no way to avoid it. Rejection hurts people especially if you’re not expecting it. He needs to talk to someone but the only person he wants to talk to would most likely scoff at his predicament, he decides to take a chance more because he misses his voice than anything else,
‘Yes,’ he says it quietly but he hears a small amount of tapping over the phone, ‘thank you.’
‘Alright, Sergeant Donavon take your team to the west exit, the one which exits onto the dock, Sergeant Franklin take the east, the exit is a narrow doorway you’re looking at single file through their guys so be careful, the north side of the building leads straight onto the road and we’ve got roadblocks in all directions, I’ll be leaving the road blocks up to you Devin, you make sure everyone’s got full riot gear, okay?’ Devin gives him thumbs up from near the back, the Sergeant is built like a wall, solid muscle through and through, intimidating as hell to anyone.
‘No need for that Gregory,’ he starts to protest lightly but Mycroft merely presses another kiss to the corner of his lips, ‘Next time, I promise’ they exchange small smiles while Mycroft runs soft caresses down the right side of his face,  Greg knows the moment’s over but he’s reluctant to move, they’re in their own little bubble here, tucked away from the madness and pain of the rest of the world, he doesn’t know now why he was holding them back from this, he feels no shame, except of course that which comes with coming in your pants like a teenage lad.
‘She’s pretty competitive isn’t she?’ Danny sits next to him tilting what’s left of his half a larger around its glass, ‘Sally I mean, she seems competitive’
‘I don’t care, Sally will drive me.’ Sally comes up behind him and once the Paramedics have given him a quick check where he’s stood she’s allowed to steer him towards the police cars. They ride in silence apart from Sally’s sniffing; he can’t bring himself to speak.
‘Alright, Mrs. Hudson’s got her heart set on visiting Kew Gardens and taking Mina on the Christmas walk. I’m thinking we’ll go for the whole day and do lunch and everything but honestly you don’t have to come. You might just want to stay home with the wife or something.’
Molly
“Pick Dada.”
His other option had been calling Mycroft but the man had gone MIA since Sherlock’s fall, and although Greg missed his company terribly, he would never have felt right reaching out, especially considering the last time he had laid eyes on the man. Remembering the funeral had brought that painful tightness back to his gut it happened any time he remembered the devastated stare Mycroft had worn, those once shining eyes were dulled by grief and Greg had no idea how to remove that, how to help someone when they lost their one reason for living. Sherlock,Greg knew, had been Mycroft’s world, he may have kept the country running, kept the heads of state sane when the world was seemingly determined to do otherwise; Greg had gathered from Sherlock’s sneers that the elder Holmes had a great deal more to do with national security than he had ever admitted himself, but none of that had mattered in the face of losing someone he clearly held so close to his heart.
‘John, Samuel and Anthea have completed a circuit of the lower levels, there’s no sign of forced entry on any of the doors and windows, I find It most likely that you were awoken by something else, although from the changes in your expression over the last thirty minutes I’m assuming you will have already reached your own conclusions.’ It’s true he already knew there was no one here, but having it confirmed brought his stress levels down to a more manageable level,
“Mr Mitrović. Good afternoon. Shall we have a conversation now?”
‘Well it’s gold and crown shaped’ John raises an eyebrow at her, when she becomes flustered she’s often short with John or her customers, one of the mums last week at blushingly asked for her phone number only to be met with Tammy’s built in defence mechanism. She looks mildly ashamed and John thinks the practice he’s been putting in to develop a Dad face are paying off. ‘Sorry John, I just want to finish my costume and I can’t find anything.’ Her facial expression suggests this comes as a shock to her which John finds deeply amusing,
‘Thanks, I’m happy to stay put, if you are alright with me being here of course’ Inclining his head in recognition Mycroft continued.
The three men agreed and then fell into silence. Francis maintained a stiff grip on the wheel of the car and John noticed him checking the mirrors constantly in sequence. There was a possibility they were being followed, then.
‘I do not know what to tell you John, you already know none of this is your fault. You survived a war, you have seen atrocities and experienced great pain in service to your country, all that before returning home and starting up with someone that enjoyed the darker side of London. You loved it too, the adrenaline and mystery, that much was obvious. Not to mention.’ Mycroft clears his throat here, ‘Not to mention my brothers actions, if after all of that you experience some distress then there is no shame in it, in fact it proves you are human.’ John offers no response, he knows all of these facts, it doesn’t change the fact that sometimes he gets so scared at night he wants to crawl under the bed in the same way he did as a child.
Arriving back at the office he left Sally’s coffee next to her key board while he watched the woman herself throw verbal abuse at Anderson across the room, he really should separate them but they’d been playing this particular game for years, fraternizing amongst colleagues was never a good idea when you worked in a high pressure environment but especially when one of the participants was married. He’d wondered on numerous occasions if Anderson’s wife knew but from his own experiences he couldn’t honestly say if she would prefer too. Perhaps ignorance was bliss.
lopsidedly as the child climbs into a small boat while grinning at the camera,
‘Well Gregory all I can say is this, he kissed you because you’re very attractive, you can’t blame him for that, as for what to do, well two options, you use your influence to move him departments, something you are right to avoid, the other is that you behave in the manner I know you will and treat him as a team member and an equal.’ Greg takes a minute to absorb this but before he can agree that this is the correct course of action Mycroft speaks, ‘and of course it goes without saying that if he ever kisses you again I can always deport him.’
‘You do realise, Dr Watson that you have not become invisible?’
‘Have you been eaves dropping Mrs Hudson, awfully inconsiderate of you’ Mrs Hudson raises a single eyebrow at him, she was a highly affectionate woman with those she deemed worthy but she was also a gossip. He had been trying for years to maintain a mask of indifference when it came to conversations concerning Gregory Lestrade but he had to admit it had become more of a struggle as of late.  It was true that the D.I’s marriage was an unhappy one, the man said so himself but the truth remained that Lestrade had been saying so for years, they had shared slightly drunken phone conversations on the numerous occasions he had discovered his wife had once again been unfaithful and yet he never left her. The one occasion Mycroft had taken the liberty to suggest it as a course of action the older man seemed to panic leaving their dinner an hour earlier than usual. He had never taken the liberty again but instead sat as friend and listened to the tails of Denise Lestrade’s betrayal.
“I wouldn’t like to...”
“Gregory, are you still awake?”
Every person on that list, excluding Anthea, already had a security detail assigned to them and that would only increase.
‘Oh John I’m sorry, I shouldn’t, I shouldn’t have said anything, I wasn’t trying to be nosey I just wondered,  I am really sorry I feel like a fool.’
“But I can tell you that it will likely have involved the deportation of the criminal you are referring to.”
“We all do Myc. John most of all but there’s something in this. Someone we can fight against. We have to keep her safe and we will but we can do more. We can bring down whatever threads Moriarty has left in London and England. Someone else is working from overseas. Well, I say let’s help them. Between the Yard and your lot we can do this.”
I am currently sitting on a terrible plastic chair in a mostly abandoned Spanish holiday village smoking a deplorable cigarette (yes John a cigarette but given the evening I have had I believe I deserve it. I promise to quit again if I ever manage to come home) and I am trying not to think about the women that man I killed tonight was holding in his rooms but it’s not proving easy. I held a gun to his head while he had his hands around one of them John, she couldn’t have been more than sixteen. I honestly believed I was about to throw up. The stench of this man John you wouldn’t have believed it.
‘I’ll see you tomorrow John, promise me you’ll think about it.’ She smiles at him slightly and it hurts John that she looks sad, he hadn’t meant to upset her but he can’t see how doing what he wants isn’t selfish.
“Why?”
“I can figure it out.”
“I trust you with everything Myc, you brought me in from the cold on one of the worst nights of my life and you made me feel safe and loved. That’s a gift I can’t return to you.”
John’s a little shocked, he would never have pegged Sherlock’s father to be abusive, but the idea of someone being so openly affectionate to Sherlock, who balked merely at the hint of care, the picture doesn’t sit right,
I have avoided news of London since my departure but especially in recent weeks. This close to Christmas my family tends to make the occasional appearance in London society pages. Mother did always love a party.
“Are you supposed to be intimidating me Greg? Because it won’t work. You’re too much of a fucking coward to scare me Gregory Lestrade.” Unlike Mycroft’s use of his name, the sound of it coming out of Denise’s mouth filled him with nothing but pain. How had they gotten to be this fucked up? How had he let it continue to the point where they hated each other this fucking much?
‘Gregory’ he’s always thought he was able to feel it when Mycroft says his full name, it sends shivers down his spine to hear it almost purr out in Mycroft’s baritone voice. ‘To what do I owe the pleasure?’
John shook his head but switched the tea bags.
MORPHINE.
‘Yes Mrs Hudson it’s me, I just thought I’d call and check in.’
Well perhaps the feeling wasn’t completely irrational, he turned his head slightly to make eye contact with Mycroft and there he stood with his hip leaning against the baby gate, looking impeccable in a three piece suit, smirking down at John crouching on the floor, wearing a comfortable t-shirt and soft faded jeans, it was irrational to feel underdressed in one’s own home but John managed it.
He’d turned a deep shade of scarlet while explaining the story, John couldn’t explain why Mrs Hudson had seemed relieved when he explained his new friend was gay but he decided to assume it was just her desire for a peaceful nights rest rather than a judgment on his dating habits.
John agreed with this assessment. Moriarty would have used her existence to torment Sherlock.
John, distracted as he was by the multitude of flowers surrounding him on all sides, had completely bypassed the other human being in the room. His attention now drawn back to his primary purpose in investigating, what he now recognised as a variation on a greenhouse, he found himself face to face with a silver haired gentleman, he was slightly taller than John but not to the degree that he’d need to incline his head to make eye contact, his features were weathered but certainly handsome, his face bore laughter lines and a multitude of wrinkles making what John imagined was once a sharply lined face softer. His eyes, although hidden behind square cut classes, bore a striking resemblance to his eldest son's.
‘Well no actually love, I’m here to watch Mina through Story time, we’re going to have fun aren’t we little love.’ She tickles his daughters tummy lightly to elicit her tinkling laugh, she’s always louder when she’s surrounded by people she knows and John supposes the room now consists of half her regular social circle, perhaps he does need to get her out into the world a bit more, making friends never hurt,
‘Yes she panics afterwards but we’ve learnt how to comfort her. Removing her from the situation is the first reaction I have but I am aware we will need to work on her ability to be in crowds as she grows older. School would be a nightmare otherwise’
One of the key messages of his childhood summed up in a sentence. His Mother and Grandfather had instilled the importance of appearance to both himself and Sherlock from the age they could understand such concepts. His Mother was possessed of a natural elegance which spoke to her years of ballet and an overwhelming charm she had perfected to blend more smoothly with British Society.
‘You were a little distracted falling in love with your daughter? I was just saying I’d never heard her laugh’ Lisa says there’s no annoyance in her voice and john wonders vaguely what sort of person she thought he was going to be. How anyone could look at Mina and not fall in love he’d never understand. ‘I can’t blame you for being a little besotted, she’s a very good little girl, especially considering all she’s been through, I’ve never seen her so unconcerned around new people and it took me hours to get her to stop crying in the hospital’
‘That my little dove was your Uncle Mycroft, he would appear to have put himself in charge of your security, but don’t let that fool you, your Dad, that’s me by the way, used to be in the Army you don’t need security when I’m around but we humour him because your Daddy, his brother, drove him a little bonkers every time he rebelled, so we’re going to be good.’ Mina was more interested with chewing on the ear of her bear then listening to his monologue but John continued to narrate their activities in the hopes of encouraging her to talk. The idea that she may not have had this, that a lack of communication may have led to her loss of voice may have made him angry, but the easy trust she seemed to show him, she’d never cried when he held her, she reached for him and he made her laugh multiple times, that trust kept him calm.
“Yes you did, but not before Sherlock made himself more interesting., He got clean, removed the chemicals that were tainting him. He became pure to the boss’ eyes. Devoid of the human condition your brother became fascinating and therefore dangerous. But the boss, you see, he rather liked danger, a hint of spice in his dull little life. Your brother was that spice. Until he got dulled and, therefore, dull until he became a vigilante; a paragon of goodness, a hero.” Mitrović snarled around the word hero before he spat on the floor.  Mycroft watched the globule of spit land with disinterest. Unlike Moriarty’s upbringing, nothing about these tales was new. Sherlock had snarked about the man often enough over the months preceding his death for these stories to feel repetitive to Mycroft.
“I didn’t want it to be awkward.”
John feels relieved to see the black car idling in front of the store; the idea of trying to wage war on London’s public transport again filled him with dread, Anthea helped load the bags and pushchair in the boot while he strapped Mina into the car seat that had materialised in the back seat, the image of Mycroft explaining its existence to the multitude of people John liked to imagine he faux kidnapped daily filled him with glee.
‘Oh I think I see them coming, how do I look Myc?’
‘Why don’t they come up this weekend if they can, and if it suits you, we haven’t got anything planned but I said me and Mina would pop into White Rabbit to see Tammy for a little while on Friday morning.’  He’d returned to the store two days later to exchange one of the pairs of shoes he’d bought, Mina wasn’t really at a stage where mini Doc Martins were practical, he’d left with plenty of new options as well as a phone number;
‘It’s been in the family for generations, my father remembers his Grandfather owning it while he worked in London, he used to love visiting it in his youth, unlike his father who preferred the Manor in Yorkshire, oh and as way of warning, my mother is intending on insisting you visit the Manor at some point over Christmas, for Mina’s sake, naturally.’ John makes a small noise of acknowledgment at this and he can tell by Mycroft’s amused expression that the man has deduced his lack of verbal response correctly, he’s not certain taking Mina on such a long journey would be considered a wise idea, she thrives most in the spaces she knows well, perhaps they could reach a compromise on a Christmas visit somewhere nearer home.
There food arrives and they eat in relative awkwardness, at least he got it out of the way Greg thinks, he’s always liked the chicken Caesar salad here, the chef always puts minimal dressing on Greg’s with a small amount on the side so he can add as his mood prefers, he wonders if they serve Caesar salad in Italy or if it’s just another bastardisation that the British or American’s came up with, whoever it was it’s highly tasty.
Prince John didn't want to admit it to him, but he could use the minute. Well, if he was honest, he needed to be set free but The Man in Black would hardly comply with that request. “Look. I don’t know who you are or what you hope to gain; but I give you my word that if you set me free that you will get whatever you demand.” he tried to bargain. His voice was as steady as the exhaustion could allow.
the Princess in
“You mean, you’ll put down your rock and I’ll put down my sword and we will fight as civilized people.”
Prince James had stopped listening before then, his mind caught on one particular detail the Count had mentioned. “He worked Musgrave Hall… curious. Tell me, when did he first come to us?”
John’s eyes widened in horror as he let out a surprised yelp. “Are you mad?! We’ll never survive!”
The old man hobbled over, shaking slightly as he did, coughing loudly. His heart went to them both. “I’m sorry, good madam but the nearest town is still miles away…” John confessed, thinking perhaps if he brought them to the palace that he could arrange transportation for them.
“Daddy no scratching.” Rosie scolded.
Lestrade rolled his eyes, “Well, I'm carrying three people and he only has himself.” he muttered, but John noticed that he still pushed himself to meet Hope's demand.
“YOU MOCKED ME ONCE, DON'T EVER DO IT AGAIN. I WAS DEVASTATED WHEN I HEARD SHERLOCK WAS KILLED. I - I DIED THAT DAY!”
After that, those three little words quickly became some of the ones John heard most regularly.
The brooch, the one token he had taken from Musgrave Hall --- the token of love between them, was the only thing he let himself keep. During his days on the guard, it had always been pinned under his armour. Resting over his heart, reminding him of why he enlisted in the first place. To protect --- to protect enough people so that perhaps one night he would feel crushing guilt over not being there to protect him. John’s biggest regret was not going with him, convinced that had he that somehow things might have been different. Of course, the dawn always brought the bitter reality back. What would have been different was that they would both be dead. That wasn’t much better. Besides, John hadn’t the money to make such a journey --- it had only been the Holmes’ generosity that had afforded him trip to the capital. Yet, even if Sherlock wasn’t, the brooch would always be there. A symbol to remind him that it had been real. Sherlock had existed, and had loved him and-
“I was… from the eels… ah. So… so I am the Princess? You made
Molly cast an eye upward, the look of relief was evident on Rosie’s face and followed by complacency once more as she once more allowed herself to be tucked close to her father. Clearly the feelings of betrayal had passed.
We are men of action,
“I don't want to upset you sweetie.”
Prince John rose from his chair, turning towards where the Count sat and garnered his attention. “My friend, you returned this lad to his ship, correct?”
John cleared his throat. “...and of course, this is absolutely ridiculous of me. I am breaking every convention and rule by being here and suddenly I feel quite foolish and… sorry. I just.  This is a mistake, my deepest… err… just forget I came here… good evening and forgive the intrusion.” Mortified, he was absolutely mortified as Sherlock stood there looking shocked, confused and disappointed.
with an odd name who had serviced the royal family since his first bit of Magic, taking over for his father who had serviced the royal family years before. Yet, it was at her Stepson’s insistence that they stop relying on magic men and turn an eye more to the developing sciences that seemed to be growing in popularity. For the king's son, Prince James Moriarty the Second (named for his deceased mother), had no desire to be king. He knew one day he would have to and settle into the boring and nauseating job of dealing with people and their problems. Everyone always seemed to have a problem that they were just too stupid to figure out. Prince James felt differently than his father King James  about such matters. He always had.
“Put him down! Put him down!” He heard Hope shout as Lestrade lowered him onto the deck. Adler wasted no time before tying his wrists back together.
“Good...there’s the dean, too!” A students points with the finger to the department head. Another student whispers to Victor’s ear from behind “There’s the press, too...one of them made a recording with the camera when Mark was reading, he got too excited and stuttered” he laughs, snorting. They all giggle.
“She’s in the kitchen, just wait a second, I’ll call her.”
John takes a long breath and keeps his head down. ‘I’ll stay with you tonight, okay? If you don’t want to move’ he peers back to see Mycroft just outside the door, talking to Lestrade. He catches a nod from Sherlock out of the corner of his eye. ‘Okay?’ This time he gets a clear view of Sherlock nodding. John reaches out, and moves a curl from his forehead, before slowly stroking his cheek. ‘Oh my god, Sherlock...I was so worried.’Sherlock closes his eyes, and groans. John touches his forehead, ‘I think you have a fever… do you want a wet towel?’ Sherlock nods, closing his eyes. John stands up and briskly exits to find Lestrade, Molly and Mycroft all standing in the debris just outside the door. ‘I’ll be here with him, don’t worry’ John fixes his gaze at Mycroft.
‘Sure I do, I still have the photos on my notebook’
Greg is sweating, unbuttoning his white shirt, taking his jacket off. He tries another keys combination on the box but fails again.
John slides his hand around Sherlock, encircling his waist and drawing him closer.
‘Home, this damn alarm system…I hate it!’
‘Wait…what? A carpenter? How’d ya know he’s a carpenter?’ John asks doubtfully.
"Of course."
‘What?’
To : John
Mycroft stands still in silent for a while, than looks at Greg, who huffs out
‘Oh.’
‘I’m not a real chef..I just like to bake’
‘…What??’ John looks at both Greg and Sherlock ‘Did he changed sex to the surgeon?’
From : Sherlock
‘I should come at your home, then.’
‘Because you have a...wife, now?’
‘He’s still alive, obviously!’
Molly smiles, adding ’Well those desserts have a nice face, what is there inside?’
Yes, those ones
He's probably already awake, signing autographs for your brother.
From : John
‘We should order before the pub closes anyway’ John comments enjoyed
‘You got a new one, right?’
“What did you want?”
‘Mrs. Hudson!’
‘Why?’
Greg turns back toward John ‘wh…what, sorry? I didn’t hear you’
‘I’m quite sure another guest was waited for tonight’
Mary ‘Victor, we want to help you,...but you should tell us the truth. I got a call by one of my colleagues, these are some photos taken by the C.I.A. on the 3rd of March, one week before Adair was killed, and two weeks before your arrival in London.’
John cracks a laugh ‘Jesus, I can’t believe it’
‘Tell him I need the letter.’
"Yeah,...but I'm not going alone."
From : Sherlock
Greg “No, I’m talking about tea"
‘N-no… not yet.’
‘I couldn’t care less,’ the bodyguard replies annoyed.
‘Did you read the book?’ John asks, again
‘RIGHT, John! Turn right! There’s a byway.’
‘Yes, yes...sure! Just…. tell me what I need to do.’
John looks at Molly, his mouth gaping ‘Really???’
‘Since the news about his love for the McVities biscuits the company has increased their profits dramatically.’
‘No, no, thanks. I’m stuffed.'
"Yes, but I wasn't afraid! I was ready!"
She smiles repeating his name ‘Greg!’
Anderson: ‘What is he up to?’
Sherlock nods, John still looks at him ‘How are you?’
‘If you had known the truth about Sherlock would you still have married me, John? Because I feel like a load for you, now’
‘You could try to….start talking to him again’
‘Yes!! Spying on you!!’ pointing at Victor
FROM: SHERLOCK
‘Everyone’ Sherlock leans in, and kisses him soundly. The man puts his other hand on his cheek and starts kissing Sherlock passionately in return.  His tongue slips into Sherlock’s mouth, giving him long, slow kisses. His hands inch up toward his curls ‘ooohhh I love these he whispers, as he grips them gently. He then slides his lips over to Sherlock’s ear, kissing and licking it. Sherlock puts an arm around his neck and pulls away to find the exit door, the man doesn’t stop kissing his neck.
“and she had her ring...the ring Daniel gave her..on her left hand, a white ring"
‘I’m glad you like it’
His face went blank momentarily, 'Oh, the best man! Chief assistant to the groom at a wedding.’
‘Did you sort it all out?’ Mary asks eagerly, ‘What was the problem?’
Taxi driver: ‘Excuse me but, there’s a problem with the car behind’
At the loud and foul language, Mrs Hudson pops out of her flat and climbs up the stairs to cast a doubtful look at Sherlock.
Sherlock doesn’t reply
‘Yes, you’re invited tomorrow night at home for dinner! Does that work for you?’
‘Don’t forget about it John, okay?’
‘Oi, who are you?’
‘John, this is Victor.’
A shout from outside jolts John awake. He turns slowly toward Sherlock, who’s still sleeping, and smiles. He stretches his arms, and gazes at the ceiling for a bit, thinking about the words he said the night before. Then reaches for his phone and turns it back on to send a message.
‘Have you two ever had sex?’
‘They followed you since the arrival at the hotel, they waited in the car, and when you went out they followed your taxi.’
‘You…are you serious?’
Sarah turns to her, shivering “I don’t know....Leave me! leave me please."
Lestrade fussed,
Lestrade rotates the monitor screen towards Sherlock, and his face tenses into seriousness.
Sherlock quickly goes inside the flat and takes his coat, John frowns, not understanding what's going on. "Where are you going?"
Sherlock replies annoyed at his brother: ‘How many times do I have to tell you that Victor didn’t give me anything!!’
John, grumpily: 'I know who you are!'
TO: LESTRADE
Sherlock pauses for a moment, and considers the nickname, whispering ‘Sher?’ to himself.
Before Sherlock can finish, Tanaka charges into the room looking suspicious, and angry.
‘Yes.’ John shortly confirms, glowering.
‘same here!’ Molly answers, waving her right hand, still munching and taking the glass of beer
‘John, what is going on?’
Mycroft rises his eyebrow and looks at Greg, who gets his hands up, exasperated.
‘Check if Victor gives Sherlock drugs-‘
“Same reaction as mine” John comments, sarcastically, holding a glass of whisky. He takes the phone and stands up, staggering and sipping once more before putting the glass on the bedside table and taking his jacket.
'And this person, my Best Man, is here...’ John, smiles at Sherlock, and everyone begins clapping and staring expectantly.
“No....”
‘Us’ John says.
From : John
Victor frowns looking at Sherlock ‘spying?’
John continues “We can’t be friends...we can’t pretend to be friends, we will never be, Sherlock. So it’s better for me and you to not see each other anymore. We are destroying ourselves. Our lives. You’re right. It’s too late now. I’ve married Mary. And you chose Victor. Good luck with that.”
‘SAME!’
‘What?’
‘And…then I went downstairs…’
‘I think we should park the car away from here, or he’ll see it when he comes outside.’
The taxi driver shouts: ‘GO DOWN!!!!!’
Mycroft: 'I told you, some things never change, Trevor'
‘You’ll never really understand men, Molly, just like men will never really understand women, that’s the big mystery’ Greg answers, pointing at her.
He smiles ‘no, it’s not, Prevert’
From: Sherlock
‘He’s gay, Greg! It’s obvious!’ She replies
‘I almost didn’t make it in, that bouncer bloke didn’t want to let me!’
Sherlock turns toward him, smiling
'I won't insist'
The waiter looks at them waiting for the booking
‘The agenda!!! Give me that agenda!! I know you keep it!!!’
‘I see…’ looking at Sherlock ‘Not in that---way, I mean I know that you’ve been busy because,…you know…rehab…and….’ Coughing ‘pills…’ trying not to look embarrassed.
(4:36 pm)
Mary looks at the table. ‘Me next to you, and you next to…Sherlock, okay?’
‘Sebastian Moran killed the surgeon Fox one month after the surgery, running him over a street. Then he gave himself the time to come back from the holiday to cicatrize the stitches of the operation.’
TO : SH
‘...<<I don’t like anything, I don’t like society, I don’t like people, I don’t even like myself. Bless those who have strong beliefs and live with them for the entire life and is never anguished. I run from a side to anther trying to be be happy, and if I stopped just for once on my beliefs I would fall. This is my life, and that’s why I would never change it with another one>>….this is nice, too, I didn’t remember these last ones..’
“Why?” John asks worried and surprised.
‘What? We’re alreadyout Sherlock.’
John hugs him tightly, stroking his back “He wanted to save you...” John comments with a broken voice.
‘My brother put you on a diet? Oh that’s rich!’ Sherlock huffed out.
‘MYCROFT!’ Sherlock shouts from the kitchen, scolding his brother for the wrong assumption. John looks bewildered at Mycroft, who tries to answers, a little embarrassed, stuttering ‘I---I didn’t mean,..that..way,..absolutely’ smiling oddly.
He grabs the handle again, pulling hard with both hands on it ‘what the hell!!!!!’
Sherlock suddenly snaps, standing straight. He barks at Mycroft, ‘Why did you tell him about it?’
‘Heyyy!!! It’s time to go now, it’s almost one am!’ Greg comments, trying to change conversation, looking at the clock, but John doesn’t listen to him, staring at Sherlock.
He turns, looking at the front door quietly for a moment before trudging up the steps. A few paces ahead John suddenly turns back again, violently kicking at the mesh on the fence near the door. He hastily jumps back, as it breaks. Gulping, John withdraws his phone from his jacket pocket.
‘Hurry up!  We’re losing him!’
Molly cracks laughing again
He’s talking to Jane, anyway. It’s 15 been minutes now.
Did you think I'd lay down and dieeeeee
An embarrassing silent fills up the room.
John looks baffled at Victor 'Wh...what are you talking about?'
FROM : Lestrade
‘Mycroft, run over here, John got shot!! Please!!! Please!!!!’ He shouts, gasping. John sees Sherlock’s face quickly blurring in front of him, slowly closing his eyes...
‘I was going to say, did you meet with Tanaka?’
John “So why did you start now?”
John quickly takes his phone.
These ones?
‘Doesn’t matter. It was easy. He’s working at a friend’s bar. Terrified someone will find out about Adair’s secret message.’ Sherlock’s voice boomed through the phone, and his speech became rapid, before Lestrade interrupted him.
Victor “And you’re just a pretentious prick”
Molly 'The second drawer on the left'
'It wouldn't be a surprise, right??' Faking a laugh 'Come on, Greg, let's have lunch together.'
Mycroft rips his shirt open.
Mary laughs ‘It’s true!!’
‘That’s Mary,’ John says with a bright smile. ‘When are Lestrade and I supposed to have this meeting anyway?’
TO: JOHN
‘The 28
He starts laughing ‘Yes, in California, specifically’
‘Yes, sure!’
‘John.’ Greg calls out, still staring at the tiny screen.
‘Jo-‘
‘Somebody surprised Sherlock’ Mrs. Hudson says to Mary, glancing, and smiling at Sherlock.
JOHN : quite……Charlie, right, yes.(licking his lips nervously.)
They stare at each other, Sherlock closes his eyes opening his mouth in pleasure
‘Oh, look! All the seats have little name tags and presents. Lovely, isn’t it?’
‘From the research I have done and from the doctors that have been consulted the treatment revolves around providing love and safety, making sure to provide comfort when she reacts in a specific way as well as learning her triggers,’
‘Drop your weapon!’ Greg hardly recognises his own voice, he raises his gun to point between the criminals eyes, ‘I said drop your weapon!’ the man tilts his head to the side and hisses before lunging towards the three armed officers blocking the door, Greg shoots his knees out from under him, the man doesn’t stop, he aims again and this time lands a solid impact in his chest, the man falters as the officer to his right moves to disable him, he drops his knife but moves to bite the officer he know identifies as Arnav, the two other officers take him to his injured knees and secure his wrists, this is all a secondary observation from Greg’s position beside Samantha, she’s only twenty five, far too young to be bleeding out in a warehouse.
‘You ain’t seen nothing yet,’ John can only think of Tammy’s smile as manic, he follows her slowly as she darts behind yet another bookcase, he wondered if they were just used as room dividers here,
‘Not even a little Donovan sorry,’ she looks exacerbated but to be honest Greg thinks that might just be her face now, he contemplates the piles of paperwork she’d clearly placed on his desk before catching his attention ‘Coffee is going to be necessary before we even start going over these files, it’s going to be a heavy day again.’
Descending the stairs he poked his head into the sitting room only to witness the two men sitting with their knees touching, Mycroft his head clasped in the palms of his hands, Lestrade had moved to touch the slightly younger mans shoulders. John wondered how he’d missed this relationship, this interaction between two people he’d thought to know. Moving backwards as silently as possible he called from the corridor, hopefully creating the illusion of the pairs continued privacy, that Mycroft should instruct his men to remove the bed from the top bedroom. He was only slightly surprised to hear Greg’s voice answer in Mycroft’s place;
“His name was James Terrance Walters and he was an undercover drug enforcement agent.”
They had made it to Mycroft’s with minimal drama; Mina had woken up during the first security check and hadn’t stopped crying until they’d been allowed to exit the car. Whether she had been crying because of the noise, the presence of strangers, the palpable tension in the car or being woken up from a restful sleep was unclear. She had stopped when Greg had pulled her out of her car seat but she’d been clingy ever since, a possibility Greg didn’t seem to have anticipated as he now walked the length of Mycroft’s office soothing Mina with nonsense words and a strong hand on her back. Anthea had pulled the weapon from his grip the second he had taken Mina into his arms.
So Moran. Moran's family. Germany. Drugs. No current overt links the wider syndicate but wherever Moran situates himself the web follows. Crime lords are soon to descend on Germany John and I won't throw away my shot.
‘You should really call me John,’ it’s all he can think to say, he can see the sentiment behind the words but he also knows he’s already made the decision. He would never keep Mina’s grandparents at a distance, she should be allowed the chance to know them and they her.
Mycroft and Greg had left decidedly not together, Greg being collected by Sally, who decided not to grace them with her presence and Mycroft when Anthea arrived with a new suit and instructions for a conference call with Japan, he’d seemed reluctant to get off the floor, they’d surrounded Mina with the few toys she currently had and had been testing her motor skills. According to their limited research she wasn’t too far behind where she should be, John would look into language development more extensively in the morning but for this evening they’d done all they could,
Mycroft doesn’t know what to think when Gregory rises from the chair, he had thought better of his actions, his hand still stinging from the impact with the desk, he had been running on instinct, desperate to touch, kiss and claim but that was in no way appropriate. He had no indication Gregory would welcome it and the last thing he wanted to do was upset his love further.
‘I will pass that along, I am sure the feeling is mutual, Mother was quite beside herself when she heard the news, perhaps meeting Mina will allow her to relax some.’
“What does any of this have to do with Mina, Mycroft?” John asked, losing his temper with the speed of the proceedings.
“Such a shame, your brother liked a good fairly tale, didn’t he Mr Holmes? Although perhaps you tell yourself you’re less fanciful than him. Am I right?”
SLEEP.
‘I don’t know, I can’t move him, if I do what message does it send, I want to ignore it but I don’t know if that will work.’
“Do you think he knew about her?” John asked.
‘John I wonder if I might impose on you to allow me a copy of this clip?’ John smiles at Mycroft’s request, more because he made the decision to ask and not simply perform some high tech wizardry to accomplish his means,
“You don’t know that, Mrs. Hudson, and you don’t know because no one is telling us anything.” John said.
FROM : MM
‘Sherlock!’
Sherlock stares at the fireplace on his left.
“And I don’t know what’s going on with John..” Sherlock is still shaking, upset. “if...if he knows something about her,...if...he’s simply afraid....I don’t know....also,...those photos of Victor,.I know he is not Moran, that he did nothing...but...” he turns away “Mycroft, I don’t know who I can trust anymore." Sherlock is shaking, visibly upset "Help me, please" He looks desperate. "Only you can help me... John left me. We had a quarrel about...us...and he went away. I don’t know if I’ll see him anymore. I’m scared, Mycroft......Mycroft...?”
‘I told him! I sent him a message with the pic of the book-cover’ Molly comments enthusiastic
‘He wasn’t in love with me, he has never been.’
TO: SHERLOCK
She rises her head, looking at John ‘Hey’
‘Damn Mycroft!’ John comments abruptly, cracking a laugh.
‘SHERLOCK!’ John pulls away sharply from Sherlock, who stares back bewildered.
Sherlock huffs out, rubbing his eyes ‘Young, innocent, Sherlock…looking for a reason to live’
'It's blue with white polka dots'
‘You must follow us at Scotland Yard, Mr. Trevor’
Sherlock swallows slowly ‘Well, your assumption is wrong, you can’t say he’s gay just because he refused your invite saying he’s engaged, he can be straight as well’
‘Are you okay Sherlock? You seem out of sorts.’ John leans against the archway, arms crossed, and face still displaying confusion.
‘Inspector Lestrade’
"Mary?"
John looks up at her.
‘You’re famous, too, now, you can’t do these kind of things, somebody would call the press and the next day your nudes would be on the papers’
(4:08 pm)
Greg, putting both hands on their shoulders, trying to ease the tension “Ok sit down now"
‘At home?! No! No Greg..you..you can’t go home now, we…we have to talk!’
Sherlock looks at them in confusion.
‘What the hell are you doing?’
They all stand up, Victor still looks at John, angrily.
‘As big….as….Moriarty?’
‘The Queen Mary. French and Comparative Literature’
The waiter takes the menus and smiles
Which causes Greg to reach for his quickly.
He's on the phone: “Greg...” he whispers, with his scratched voice. “how he feel?....”
‘In the…? Oh—ahh!’ John sputters.
‘I’m coming.’
‘In the bathroom, specifically’
Sherlock is aware of Mrs. Hudson’s voice filtering from downstairs. His phone is in his hand, he’s got a text.
He nods again.
Greg hums
‘Ehm……..you mean the—‘
‘MYK---‘ Greg looks at the phone.
‘then on facebook’
‘Who?’ he drops an arm around John’s shoulder and they continue swaying together.
‘There’s nothing to watch.’
Sherlock doesn’t answer.
‘Well, he surely didn’t buy all this stuff at your supermarket, John,’ Sherlock cracks laughing.  John smiles nervously.
"So what do you want?" John answers, pissed.
"Why?? what? dangerous? Sherlock, come on!"
‘I mean, when you walked in, did you see him throwing up? Was... there anything in the toilet?’
Sherlock’s half asleep, his head against the seat. He opens his eyes a little and peers out the window cab ‘jjj—john.’ He checks his phone, and then suddenly Sherlock becomes more lucid. ‘Where are we going?’
‘Not yet…—oh, no’ Sherlock suddenly sees a polaroid of himself young.
“I’m not covering Mary! It’s you! You’re trying to cover Victor! Ok he's innocent but he really met Adair and other Moran friends so he lied to you! He has to do with the case, accept it! That's why he's your boyfriend, you're using him! Mary gave us the photos because she works for the C.I.A, I don't suspect anything!"
‘You look great’
?????
John fakes a laugh ‘About what?’
‘You must slam the needle down into his heart, like a stab.’
Mmmmmm, you could sleep better if you were more honest with yourself.
‘Hey!’ Mary chirps brightly at Sherlock.
‘Yes…..check’ sniffling his nose, nervously ‘Sorry’ lowering his voice ‘…check what?’
‘Have you ever been to the movies?’
‘Ohhh I love this’ ‘Do you want more?’
‘Hey’ John whispers softly. The sound gets lost, but Sherlock returns the smile that accompanies the intimate greeting.
‘He knows I worry about him.’ he answers shortly, voice low.
What was the case about?
‘Tell him that, Mrs. Hudson’ John whispers.
‘He just what?’
‘John,..are you sure that what you felt for him was simply friendship and not…love?’
Mary looks at her reflection in the window, while fixing her hair, ‘oh my god’ she huffs out.
“Because they arrested me. And you saw photos of me with Adair, and because they accused me to be on Moran’s side. All that matters to me is to know if you trust me, if you still believe in me."
‘Maybe it was an unconscious move? Find another....friend to do with him the things he would have done with you?’
‘No, at all’ Sherlock answers firmly, almost angry
Sherlock turns toward John, returning the quiet ‘hey’ with one of his own.
‘The employee.’ Sherlock whispers
‘It’s that…this…damn button doesn’t work.’
‘So… err I was wondering if - if you were busy later.’
Sherlock leans down toward the floor, looking under the chairs. ‘What’s strange about it?’
‘Yes?’ John asks surprised ‘About what?’
‘What’
‘The hotel?’
Sherlock stares at him ‘You heard me perfectly, I said I want to have sex, now.’
The large space is crammed with people bumping, and grinding on one another. Sherlock and John move into the throng, sticking close to each together. They weave around bodies until, they reach a small gap and grin drunkenly, while the song blasts them into movement. Their eyes are half closed, as their bodies sway to the beat, so close that their limbs brush against one another. John sings along with the vocalist while Sherlock watches his lips form the words,
He was in Greenland, a place where you go to disappear and wait out your days doing whatever you can to keep going. Live as peaceful an existence as possible, a concept which here meant alone and scraping by. Even in Greenland, where the company was already extremely limited to begin with, Lestrade wasn’t exactly viewed a good company. Something that came to the benefit of the very first visitor the Brute had ever received in his life.
John realised how ridiculous this all looked. Their chairs sitting in Sherlock's room as John and Rosie were tucked into the man’s bed. Greg didn't even know about the ridiculous story -
HEROIN.
“Are we prisoners, Francis?”
He moved his arm to indicate the room at large, he wondered if this was a hobby of Mycroft’s he didn't strike as being a man with much spare time but perhaps like Sherlock he didn't sleep, maybe these Orchids were his version of destroying a kitchen with experiments, if they were john had to admire the man's style, he imagined he wouldn’t have held such issue with Sherlock’s antics if the flat had forever held this combination of smells. They were intoxicating.
‘You all know the drill, we’ve got the mobile floodlights and helicopters which will kick in with my signal, then we’re likely to have a lot of confusion in the warehouse were the first team in so we’re likely to be the main focus of any counteraction, don’t panic when that happens, we’ve all been here before and we know the procedure. Keep an eye on your partner, this is not everyman for himself we are a highly organised, trained machine, we work as one, let’s go get the bastards and help keep the extractors safe.’  He makes sure to have eye contact with each of them, they all have a specific partner they work with on these types of raid, Donovan is his normally but with her leading her own team he’s partnered with Arnav, mans a trooper, always has been but he’s also one of the most un-ambitious men he’s ever met, he’s got his family and a job he loves, it’s what makes him great.  He knows every member of his team and he's lucky to like the vast majority of them too.
“This is amazing, Mycroft, who normally uses this room? It’s beautiful.”
‘Doctor Watson, it is a pleasure to finally make your acquaintance. We have heard so much about you from our boys.’
“Tell us what you know!”
‘Look at her Mycroft, just look.’
‘Take the pills Gregory, nothing bad is going to happen here.’ He takes the pills.
‘Who do you mean?’ Mycroft smiles slightly at that, under different circumstances John would make a joke about not being a mind reader like the Holmes brother, but tonight is not such an occasion.
‘What. Greg no. No I can’t. Jesus is that why I’m here, you’re going to try and make me look after some poor kid you found on a job.’ He couldn't accept any reality where this child was Sherlock's because, and John knew this for certain, if she was he would never let her go,
‘Sherlock was always a tall child, I have wondered if she might be younger than anticipated, my guess is that once our good doctor gets a solid look at her we will know for certain. But until then by my reckoning she is under two.’
‘I hate clowns.’ Tammy throws him a disparaging look as he dishes out food onto plates and tries to locate the chopsticks; they’d had a habit of collecting them from restaurants John remembers ending up with a draw full of both the flimsy and sturdier variety.  John had shoved them all into one draw after realising the things were winding up in the oddest places, the toothbrush holder for example, he pulls out a sleek black set he’d grown attached too and the polished pine one’s Tammy seemed to have settled on. The brilliantly red set Sherlock had always used sat in a closed box in the cupboard holding wineglasses, they were one of the rare gifts Mycroft had bought Sherlock over the years the man had seemed to rather like and as such John had decided to keep them.
He’s reminded of his first conversation with Anthea, ‘Is that your real name?’
“Gregory, I am going to suggest something and I want you to give it a little thought. It’s only an offer and there are no expectations, you understand.” Greg nodded before realising Mycroft couldn’t really see him and verbally confirmed his assent instead. “What I am wondering is, well, the option is available.”
Mrs Hudson is laughing lightly from behind them, while Tammy breaks back into the folder, ‘So you’ll do the rest of this one? Oh you renamed it? A Study in Scarlet? Oh because of her lipstick and dress, nice nice, Oh Mina isn’t your Daddy clever?’ everyone freezes, John’s certain he just heard another voice in the room, he thinks he recognises it but he’s not sure why.
Love it and I hope you enjoy this new, if a little shorter than normal, chapter.
“What?”
“With all due respect sir…”
Greg wanted to scoff at the tabloid nature of their comment but he couldn’t help the hit to his self worth. He was a good copper and liked to think he was a good team leader but sometimes the responsibility put him on the wrong side of the public eye. He was too well known now anyway. His face had graced the newspapers too often over the last decade to truly make him feel anonymous in a crowd.
‘Hey no, don’t, don’t worry, you didn’t know, I speak about him like he’s here a lot, it’s my fault, don’t, don’t be upset or anything’, yeah definitely awkward, more awkward when he sees a slight shine in her eyes behind the thick glasses. He reaches for another topic, anything right now to diffuse this situation, pointing to the glow he asks,
All rather convoluted I acknowledge but still. Interesting.
Greg sat stewing in his agitation, the gun resting lightly in his grip; he’d have clearly preferred to holster it but at that moment it wasn’t an option. John sat in a panicked meditation; his head was throbbing and the tremor in his left hand had returned in full force. He closed his hand into a fist reflexively pushing it into his thigh until he was certain he would bruise and when that didn’t work he tried resting it near Mina; the tremor didn’t stop but the violence of the movement diminished somewhat. Mina shifted in her sleep, her closed fist bumping his.
Mrs. Hudson grinned, nodding her head along with Mycroft’s words.
“Yeah I know, but I don’t think it’s healthy. What about Mina? She’s going to have questions when she grows up and what am I going to say: ‘Sorry, sweetie, your real daddy is dead and none of us know who your mum is. Also none of us speak about your dad because it’s bloody painful because some of us loved him and never got to say it.’”
“Do you not like fairy tales, Mr Holmes?”
Sherlock stayed sitting on the floor with his back up against the leg of his desk. Outside the rain hit the tarmac of Baker Street with a heavy patter and black cabs raced past with their yellow signs illuminated. London is evident, the couple running under the cover of the tallest woman's jacket laughed together about the fierce rain and shout to each other in English.
‘Greg its John. I just saw the paper and wanted to touch base.’
‘So you think he knew? About her and he left her anyway?’ the volume of John’s words shock him, by all rights he should be shouting, he’s been bundled with the responsibility of another human life and all because his best friend was apparently too selfish to be the father his brother thinks he could have been.
“Me usually, but I’ve never used the closet you’re currently in. Mine is through the door to the left. A simple mirror of yours but with a dark green wall, similar to the covers on the bed.”
So how do I handle a man that seems to embody a number of personality traits I myself had once found desirable. Perhaps that is the trick with this John. Perhaps I should look to what would have destroyed or damaged me in those days. He seems to take issue with losing John; his behaviour with his cohorts during our journey seems to blatantly highlight his most traditionally masculine traits. He is not the tallest of men John and clearly he is not the most academic. He hides his regional accent well but it is still present in the more casual utterances in his speech.
It's so miserable here John and I miss London so. Simply the feel of that city’s ground beneath my feet would be heavenly.
The next time he wakes up he feels comfortable, his mind is slightly fuzzy around the edges as he drags himself back to conscious thought. The sky is slightly darker, overcast and he realises it’s very nearly six in the evening; he’s slept most of the day. He doesn’t remember how he got into bed but more importantly where he is, he’s about to go and investigate when he hears a tinny rattling noise coming from beside him, he looks to see his mobile shaking across the small cabinet.
Denise pulled the paper in front of her chair, squinting slightly at the thick document. “What would I get, are we doing this fifty: fifty?”  She asked as Greg pulled one of the pages out of the stack to present it to her. The list outlined the division his solicitor had suggested and Greg had been happy with it. Hell, Greg would have been happy with less.
“Oh isn’t she a little dear. It’s been a long day for her.”
“Oh no, we haven’t done that yet.”
John can feel his blood pounding through his body; the combination of adrenaline and fear making him push his body past the wall he’d hit minutes ago.  He has to push through though, people are relying on him. People are dying and he can’t reach them. God, they’re so far away! He keeps running, his feet giving out under him but he recovers quickly, using the force of his push off the ground to get him moving again. The weight of his pack across his back is making it hard for him to breath. He’s not getting enough oxygen, in this heat he could pass out easily, he knows he needs water but they’re in the middle of nowhere and water’s just become one of their most valuable possessions.  There’s blood everywhere. John falls on his knees before a solider he doesn’t recognise, they’d been paired with another brigade today and he doesn’t know all of them. He finds a pulse but it’s faint and the man is barely breathing. The body armour is thick and kept the bullet from penetrating the man’s chest but when John rolls him on his side he notices the spreading red across his shoulder. He’s still running on adrenaline, his own breathing slightly laboured as he pulls the medic pack from his back.
“Why would Sherlock jump, truly, it never made sense, he wasn’t suicidal. We all knew that. I’ve been distracted. I’ve been focused on what I saw not what I observed. So stupid. God damn it!”
‘You alright Danny?’  The colour in his companions cheeks return a little as watches,
‘Yeah, he’s the Dr. James we’ve all been hearing about, we’ve not got his real name yet but we’re running his prints for any other aliases. He took Summers down with one blow but we’re thinking that was by surprise, Sammy must have seen him, hence the scream I guess.’  It’s as good a guess as any before they get the forensics report. Four men walk into the closed off hallway, this section of the hospital has been closed off for police and official personnel only, they’re wearing thick black overcoats, crisp white shirts and trousers with such precise creases that Greg thinks they must be uncomfortable. Sally notices them too, sitting back slightly in her chair and eyeing their movements, two move to the end of the corridor and stop, the other two stay near the doors to the ward bracketing the doorway. They don’t move. They don’t speak. They don’t even make eye contact with Greg or Sally. They just stand like guards. Sally’s face is slowly devolving into anger but Greg grasps her hand,
Mrs Hudson addressed the room at large ‘How old is she? This child?’
‘She’s just beautiful.’ It's all he can think to say in that moment, he's flawed by her and he's never been more terrified.
ANGER.
“There is no one, Mycroft; she has me and I would die before someone took her from me and if that happened she has two uncles, one of whom is a Detective Inspector at New Scotland Yard and the other is a man who his own brother described as the British Government. So we hide away for a while and we release a statement from me saying I moved out of Baker Street following Sherlock’s death and how although I’m thrilled the truth has come out I’m moving on with my life. We leave it at that until the media loses interest and then we figure out how we can be safe at home again.”
Chp 21.
‘We needed to find her mother, or someone, anyone really, needed to know if she belonged to any of the men or women we'd arrested.' Greg moved to reassure him when John's head shot up at the statement, Greg sees the slight panic and hopes that means he's finally getting through to his friend again, 'She didn't, but her DNA did flag up a report, Sherlock’s report and nothing else, no indication of a mother, just him, half his.I think you can see it if you look at her eyes, I guess you can't see them clearly on that, but, take it from me, they're just like his, and maybe other bits too, like her face a bit, her cheeks maybe, her hair certainly, but her eyes are what shows it the most’ Greg looked down at the image over John’s shoulder. The younger man seemed to have damaged the edges with his grip, but overall, John didn't react half as badly as Greg had envisioned. Ideas of punches flying and screaming fits had filled his mind, yet another performance piece put on in his office, before he had considered that those reactions had been more relatable to Sherlock than to John.
“I loved Narla more because she was no whore; the same cannot be said of the second.”
It was happy coincidence that her husband suggested a European holiday this year. Most likely because his latest mistress provided him with an ultimatum recently that he is seriously considering but he faces a dilemma. Not one of emotion, but one of security; how do you walk away from a marriage to one of the wealthiest, most influential and deadly families in the United Kingdom.
‘Yes’ looking at John sadly, leaning on the front of his desk.
‘Okay, okay, I’ll tell you everything now, just…make me…think about it-‘
FROM : Molly
‘Bonjjjjjjour.’
“No,...it would be dangerous, I want to try to talk to her, I want to settle for a compromise.” Molly looks frightened “I don't want to see her anymore, I can't-"
"So you don't want to arrest me, you would have called Lestrade." Silent.
‘Well, think about it, Sherlock..fear, after all, is our real enemy. Fear is taking over our world. Fear is being used as a tool of manipulation in our society.’
‘Destination?’
‘ahhhhhhhh, oh god, yes’
‘…Okay…’
‘If you need anything, I can help. I would be glad to help you in any way!’ Mary says to the three men, while rubbing her hands nervously.
‘You said that you had forgiven me.’ Sherlock straightened.
Sherlock puts the kettle on
‘I believe he’s still on the case’ Greg comments.
‘Mmmmm yes, yes, I’m ready.’
‘That I’m expecting a happy announcement by the end of the week?’ John comments, sarcastically, Mycroft laughs ironically.
John cracks a laugh, nervous ‘What did I have to tell him?’
- ‘Ah!’ Sherlock maddeningly moans, carelessly crumpling the sheet. He returns to the computer, sitting in front of the glowing screen with wide eyes. His elongated fingers are typing rapidly when he is alerted to the arrival of another message:
‘Everything.’
‘Nobody, I’m just trying to connect the facts and clear up things’
‘CAN YOU HEAR ME? CAN YOU HEAR WHAT I’M SAYING? I SAID I NO HOSPITAL! TAKE HIM BACK TO BAKER STREET! SAY WHAT AGAIN AND I’LL HAVE YOUR HEAD!
FROM: Sherlock
is related to Moran’s fake death and, ‘
They kidnapped her, probably Daniel escaped after the shooting and now Moran is worried he could reveal her identity. She wants to find him.
‘Sherlock, come out of there! Please, your face is bleeding!’
About what?
Greg walks in the living room ‘Where’s John?’
Sherlock narrows his eyes purposely at Woodley, making the man even more nervous.
‘It doesn’t work with you, does it?’
‘Ah…’ Sherlock curls up on the sofa, eating biscuits
If you sang a higher note, only dogs would hear you, which would be ok.
The door rings.
I suppose
TO: LESTRADE
“But I never knew the truth about us!...you knew it Sherlock? Do you know what we were doing? Me and you...sleeping in the same bed, waking up together, having breakfast, saying ‘good morning’ to each other like we were married or something, and carrying on with our lives. It wasn’t a friendship anymore, but we both didn’t know what it was, right? We only kissed once..just once! I didn’t know what it meant for you. And then you died, and you let me grieve you for two fucking years. And when you came back I was pretending that everything was okay, but it wasn’t. I hoped that things could change. But nothing happened, I just kept regretting to have married her while you had met your soulmate, the man of your life! While the woman I chose is lying to me since the first day and I don’t know why. Everything’s crushing in front of my eyes, Mary....You....”
‘Yes, thank you.’
From : Greg
Sarah is sitting on a bench under a tree, drinking a coke, Victor is next to her. Victor: ‘I see you’re a bit concerned, is it about the course?’
Richard Brook smiles, giggling with the actors "I don't know, I'm glad I'm part of this show, and we are all proud of this success, this is all thanks to our devoted fans."
Sherlock pours the tea, adds sugar, places both cups on the table, and then turns back to the cabinets. ‘Where are they? Where are they?’ he whispers to himself, while opening all the drawers rapidly. ‘Mrs. Hudson!’ Sherlock shouts, before huffing and putting his hands on his hips, looking at the drawers. He walks hurriedly toward the living room door, and continues shouting. ‘Mrs Hud-‘
“Fine...ehm...” he turns around, coughing. “I—I should probably apologise.”
‘Hello….Hii Jane!!’
I put your video on facebook. HAHA!
John and Greg turn toward the bar ‘What?’
Brando looks out of the window, Sherlock notices him and closes the moleskine, going next to him ‘What’s on, Brando’, caressing his head. Sherlock looks out the window and sees people strolling with their dogs on the street. ‘Ahhh, you seem interested, don’t you?’ A half-aged woman with long red hair and big eyeglasses walks with an Afghan Hound ‘Mmmm,..not really your type’ Sherlock comments, leaning on the window sill next to the dog.
‘Thank you’
John is reclining comfortably in bed, mulling through his phone.
‘This is the last time I do this!’ Greg comments, walking back toward John. ‘What are they doing?’
‘Did he do anything notable?’
‘Okay..okay…so…some days ago Mycroft called me….’
I don’t care if some detective gets attention for a couple of days, I’m for justice, not for fame.
TO: JOHN
Victor and Mary are sitting in front of each other. Victor hands her his phone, pressing play.
of October…three days after
Mrs. Hudson comes up the stairs, sees John in the kitchen ‘oh…oh’ , and walks in smiling at him.
‘Ok, it’s ready, I’ll tell you what to do’ John says to Mycroft.
‘No….and so I went into the kitchen and he neither was there….’
‘You really want to?’
‘So they were planning to kill you and then share the money, right?’
‘No, no…you know…okay, yes, maybe I’m in trouble with her, yes.’
‘Come on, the books are well written, and anyway, it’s only based on your character, I mean...the Sherlock Holmes won’t be exactly like you’
Sherlock grunts whispering meaningless words that sound like an annoyed moan.
“What?”
(4:45 pm)
"No! you can't! It's too dangerous."
Sherlock continues his pace around the kitchen and doesn’t reply.
He stops making photos, staring at Sherlock ‘These are…quite…porn photos, Sherlock!’
TO: JOHN
‘What the hell are you doing’
‘Could you stop calling him that way?’
“John how are you?"
‘Yes’
‘Sherlock they’re going to make a tv-series about us! About you and John!’
03, 07, 71
‘Ohh’ Molly comments, sadly ‘come on, stay with us.’
‘GREG, FIND THE BOX!’ John shouts.
‘Sherlock....if you know anything, anything at all about him..just tell me.’
‘The legal ones, I suppose’ rising the eyebrow, annoyed.
FROM : SH
“no...I'm sorry."
‘So…how was this week, Sherlock?’
‘I know, but if we have the list of the surgeons who worked in London two years ago, we can easily find the one who operated on Moran.’
‘Wh-’
‘What?’
‘Okay’ she leans in for a kiss.
‘no, really, Greg, I’ll walk by feet, it’s not that far, I need to take some air and think. It’ll be useful for me’
Greg disagrees 'It's not true, he's stylish'
He starts pushing random buttons, faster
From: Sherlock
‘I don’t understand’
‘Did you two talk?’
“Mary...."
‘Mmm’ Sherlock’s voice is scratchy, so he drinks more beer.
Sherlock “it’s fine"
John asks gently, ‘How do you really feel?’ almost whispering.
‘What?’
'Well, what did he do here?’
TO : Mycroft, Molly, Anderson, Donovan, Mrs Hudson
They start eating hamburgers and steaks
//////////////////////////////
‘Moran?’
‘When the hell did you take me these photos??’
‘Why? Greg you send me a message in the middle of the night and are waiting in your car in front of my house!‘
Mrs. Hudson finally is awoken by this new clatter, and quickly goes upstairs.
‘Come inside, and make yourself a drink’ Mary gestures toward the bar, and heads back to the bedroom.
‘Helllloooo’ Mary calls as she runs up the staircase into the open flat.
Mrs. Hudson smiles, ‘They must be Sherlock’s fans!’ She follows John, and joins him peering out of the large window.
‘When you’ve said or done something that has really upset or hurt your best friend, it’s important to have the courage to apologize. This will help mend your friendship and bring it back into stasis.’
Sherlock brushes the hand away, standing hastily, walking away.
The Royal Albert Hall's basement. See you there.
Mycroft seems uninterested, not paying attention. Then answers calmly “I know”
Silent.
‘They probably had to tie up loose ends.’
Victor comes back in the living room with the cake: it's a double layer pumpkin cheesecake.
‘Yes! Yes, I need to talk to you!’
After 15 minutes, Lestrade gets one last message from Mycroft.
To : John
Sherlock walks quickly upstairs, running, the noisy and deafening sound of the alarm is around the entire home, Sherlock covers his ears and goes toward the pc, turning it off. Suddenly, Greg pops out in the living room.
Best Man. You’re googling it, right? ;)
Anderson ‘I chose it, it's very elegant.’
2. S.S.M.
“yes..yes..don’t worry, just...sit down! please!” Mycroft answers embarrassed, almost nervously. John closes the notebook, standing up, going toward the window. Greg turns toward John, concerned.
She takes the call, keeping her voice calm and low, waiting a few seconds before answering. "....Hello?"
‘Really?’
Suddenly, a phone vibrates.
They talk for a bit, the man gestures to the pub, they lean nearer to each other; Sherlock lowers himself to listen, and replies shouting. Then the man puts a hand on his own pocket, and shaking Sherlock’s hand gives him a sachet, two times. Sherlock smiles at him and then goes to the table with the suited men. They have a toast with their beers, and a good laugh. They finish them off quickly, and order another round. Then Sherlock stands up, and goes toward the toilet. Once inside, he closes the door quickly and stands near the sink taking a sachet from his left pocket, he opens it and pours out a line on the white sink, then takes a five pound note from his wallet, rolls it, and quickly snorts the coke. His head jerks up from the rush; he puts the hands on the sink, trying to control the effects. He shakes his head, and slams his eyes shut.  He feels his body shaking, and burning for few seconds, then suddenly a breath of relief. He looks at the mirror in front of him, pulling at his nose, and then leaves.
‘Hmm?’
‘And that’s exactly your problem: you never really talk to Sherlock because you’re struggling with telling what you really feel for him, and what you want to put across yourself and the people around you. That’s why you never solved this problem with him after Reichenbach. Because you never told him what you really felt for him’
“The ring..”
‘Sure…do they embarrass you? You were my model’ smiling, touching Sherlock’s cheek with his nose, Sherlock hums.
‘No! The t is silent, nuit.’
Sherlock turns around and looks at him, still taking breath ‘Where’s the Polaroid?’
‘Of course he had! It’s in my office! How do you think he could remember all the appointments with his patients??’
Sherlock, rising his head, looking at John “So you
Sherlock does not answer.
Mycroft “....he has nothing to do with this case. he’s just Sherlock’s boyfriend” looking at John “get over it."
‘Thank you Greg.’
‘The dreamers was the title’
‘I just asked you a minute ago to book another holiday!’
Sherlock shakes his head, confused.
‘Yes, my dear, that would be nice.’
‘Nothing…just…curious’
Jane answers the phone.
‘Good. Probably it was Sherlock who watched it.’
‘I’ll assure I will’ he smiles
He blushes ‘I’m sorry, you’re right, sorry…’
He stares at Sherlock :‘okay, now…first rule: top or bottom?’
‘Greg!’
Suddenly Mycroft faints, and collapses next to Sherlock.
‘NO! I’m fine.’
‘Nothing…’
John ‘About what? I just..talked about the case, that’s all!!!’
Prince James gave the Captain a charming smile. “At ease, Captain, you are not being scolded. However, I do wish to discuss a very important matter with you. Walk with me?”
His thoughts were impeded by the feeling of being pushed down, landing roughly on a rock. Confused before he heard The Man in Black’s baritone cut through the silence life a knife. “Catch your breath.” he demanded, not even giving the dignity to look at him as he did.
John looked like he was about to say something sarcastic before remembering Rosie was there, and just settled with a sardonic laugh. “Funny, but surely we've intruded enough here.”
. He came to us from Musgrave where he served as a farmhand for Lord Holmes’ hall.” The Count began to list off. “He has been described as having high moral character, unwavering loyalty, and trusted.”
Thank you.
‘The pirate biscuits!’
Mycroft stands still in silent for few seconds.
“Hilarious.” Mycroft sardonically expresses.
‘Shhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeerlooooooooooooooooooooooooooooock!!!!!!!’
John smiles through the window, ‘Ah, the Sherlockians.’
John takes the remote control and turns the TV off.
They stand in silence for a while.
The cup falls from his grasp and drops to the carpet, spilling tea everywhere. Instead of cleaning it up, Sherlock merely stares at John in open-mouthed silence.
‘Does Mycroft think he has to do with the Moran case?’
Because my marriage is fucked up, last night I realized I was in love with my best friend, and now my wife hates me and Sherlock decided to go on with his life and get a boyfriend. That’s why.
FROM: GREG
Mary ‘The proofs are right here, Sherlock. Adair met Victor, and we don’t know what happened when he arrived in London, probably he was still in contact with Moran's gang.'
Lestrade looks utterly embarrassed, now it’s his turn to smile nervously. The silence that falls is unbearable.
Victor smiles. "I think in a way, he does. But it doesn't mean he belongs to me."
John stands still from the sidewalk, frozen. Sherlock puts the arms around the guy’s neck, getting closer to him, kissing him more.
‘Too late!’ Sherlock quirks his mouth into a fake smile. ‘Well, there’s a good Japanese rest-‘
TO : Greg
‘I don’t know’ Sherlock comments sipping beer
‘You don’t always have to say you’re fine, tell me how you really feel’ Sherlock then opens his eyes and stares at John for a moment. John smiles at him ‘What?’
‘And how was John Rance’s reaction to Drebber’s death?’
‘Like a shit!’ He takes the pills pack on his hand and throw it on the table ‘These damn pills make my head spin like hell and I can’t even walk properly, I feel like somebody injected me an anesthetic, I’m a zombie!’
We talked about A THING yesterday night..
Sherlock walks out the bedroom with a sheet, not answering.
(4:36 pm)
‘Obvious, he-.‘
‘My suit! This means, of course, I’ve found yours also.’
‘Well, then I’ll do it for them’
"Give me five minutes, I'll be out and call you."
‘And that’s why you brought me here dancing’
‘Charlie Lestrade….a quite nice dog, as well.’
‘He just wanted to know the truth, so justice could be done.’ He glances down, tears blossoming in his glassy eyes. Sherlock winnows his hair and gives him a gentle slap on his left cheek.
‘Yes…well no, they actually didn’t break up, per se.’
‘Exactly’ ‘And the other map? The one on the right?’ ‘It’s the map of the caveau where they would have put the money,...where Moran wants her money.’
‘What did he tell you?’
“Does he know it?”
‘Well, did you find anything?’
‘We dreamt to be philosphers smoking and talking about poetry..’ he adds, smiling
‘No no, wait, wait’  his left hand goes on Sherlock’s curls, briefly touching  them ‘The rule is: do not come’
‘Ahhh’ Sherlock opens wide his eyes and starts unbuttoning his shirt
From: Sherlock
Sherlock firmly states,
-----------------------------
Sherlock fakes a laugh
Mary switches the phone off, looking outside the window once more, and disappearing behind the curtains.
They both start singing
‘What are you talking about?’
‘Sorry buddy, you’re not on the list. Please turn back and...‘
John walks back into the bedroom. ‘Sherlock’ he whispers.
John shakes his head, ‘he wouldn’t understand! We would just bother him’.
‘Pickpocket Lestrade,’ John laughs.
‘Delete it! Right this instant!’
Munching, taking another breadstick ‘You should talk to Mycroft if you want to...clear up things about this man, I think he could help.’
‘What kind of polaroids were?’ Greg asks again
‘So…are we…going to have a drink? Or a walk?’ Molly asks, smiling.
‘.....I don’t think I’ll open the door downstairs again from tomorrow’
‘Are you laughing at me???’ He starts tickling Sherlock
I'll settle for the bedtime story.
the reporter interjects.
‘Do you need anything?’ John asks, the furrow of his brow and tremble in his tone conveying his worry.
‘Maybe the fans! A delivery man rang at the door earlier, and gave it to me. I read the name of the bakery, but I can only recall that I’ve never seen that strange name before.’
‘Moriarty is dead now’ John answers, annoyed.
Look to your left, there should be good chocolate biscuits there.
‘GREG!!!Do you understand who is him???Do you??’
‘Yes,’ Lestrade points toward the list. ‘And the list is quite long, so I suggest we divide the work, what do you think Sherlock?’
TO : SHERLOCK
‘Mmmm.’ Sherlock lowers the violin, laying the instrument upon the nearby table.
John: ‘Who’s Sebastian?’
John just stares at Sherlock. He watches as the man next to Sherlock is still closely talking to him. He keeps moving in closer, until his lips are almost brushing against Sherlock’s cheek. Sherlock has paused mid-drink in an effort to be intently listening.
Mycroft turns, hinting a smile ‘No. He would turn mad.’ He closes the drawer, taking more clothes from the bag. ‘Did you watch the tv show last night?’
JL : and he would always jump the sofa to stare out the window when-
‘The Talk,John! You said we had to talk!’
Sending my video to everyone was funny, really funny. Bravo!
‘Come on, not even a kiss??’
He laughs ‘Who?’
‘Those…gestures.. were simply…friendly? Is that how you both saw them?’
‘You can’t pretend I’m going with you to a wedding! You invited me, I said no, what’s wrong with it?’
