“But holy shit, Stark will
“You’re – you’re serious?” Jen eventually says, just for something to
things.”
Bucky says quickly, grabbing the cat before it can cower in the corner for the rest of the day. She’s a lot heavier than the last one, but a lot more docile by the way she flops over in his arms. “He – the guy –
“Well, in
Tony.
“It’s
The waitress hasn’t come to check on them in awhile; she’s standing near the front, chatting with a coworker. Jen is more than alright with this, though; it gives her more time to actually
isn’t helping. Somehow, someway, he finds the whole thing just
-boyfriend now, he supposed – but Jesus Christ. What a way to start the day.
Jen quickly shakes her head. “They’re just friends. Plus, Tony’s straight. I think.” He
Then – “Why the hell did you tell Tony Stark that I’m seeing someone?”
stupid.”
. He’s not mopin’ or anything.”
~ ~ ~
Steve’s stomach fluttered.
“Break-ups are the worst, aren’t they?” Tony isn’t even pretending to smile anymore. He stares at the leaf-littered path, eyes unfocused.
; the guy’s been in Pasadena the last few years. So, it must be a new guy? “Who’s that?” she asks, dropping all pretense; curiosity may have killed the cat, but satisfaction brought it back.
have it bad. “I figure we could leave around two or so. It’s a couple hours drive, biding for traffic, of course. Not that we’re crunched for time.”
be best in person, but if he’s being honest with himself, he’d rather leap off the top of the Empire State Building than talk to his roommate about
“Of all the questions you
Peter’s dormitory is a god-send. A
distract you, to be
Steve almost chokes on his own tongue, his stomach pooling with more warmth than he ever thought possible. “I thought that was already established.”
Clint blinks, relaxing back in his seat. He glances at Bucky, his head askew. “Why?”
he cares for his friends. He
Loki actually
“Hey, if it’s any consolation,” Sam says, frowning like he’s just realized what he’s said. He opens his eyes the rest of the way and sits up little straighter. “I
Sighing, Steve got out of the car and walked to the other side. He helped Tony to his feet, nodding toward the entrance. “Just so we’re clear, this
. Now he has to come up with a way to fix
it; the math part of
When Natasha takes a deep breath, Bucky can’t help but do the same. Not that she has anything
She manages to peer at Bruce through her hair.
rash, fortunately; he only tentatively rests his head on Wade’s shoulder to get a better look. His erratic heartbeat is dizzying, his vision a bit cloudy.
. Because Steve – he
~ ~ ~
“Don’t even start, grandpa.”
don’t like the idea –”
really? It’s not like he needs a fucking reminder that his love life is a failed experiment.
“Oh. It’s you.”
“If you’re really interested, I don’t see why not,” Steve says with a grin. He bites back an urge to ask if this ‘Pepper’ is Tony’s girlfriend. She probably is. She’s clearly not the person on the phone, but he probably talks to her
Somewhere in the back of his mind, he heard Bucky telling him to stop being so ridiculous. As if simple words could take the feeling away. Loneliness was obviously taking a toll on his mind because he hardly even
It’s nice to just have a friend.
Okay, this Wishful Thinking shit needs to
Steve shrugged. “I got time. I just gotta pick my friend up later.”
“So? It’s all for fun.”
Natasha clicks her tongue, eyes grazing the ceiling. “I mean,
“Um…” Tony turned every which way, even checking the back seat for clues. “It’s not
, exactly?” He swivels in his seat, crossing his arms. He stares them both down like he’s somehow
Steve blushes, shifting a little. He’s sitting cross-legged on Bucky’s bed, back resting against the wall. “I mean –”
Stark shoots him a look that literally just
“Why not just talk to Bruce or Tony
“I think you mean Encyclopedia
Steve resists an urge to swallow. He’s more likely to swallow his own tongue than anything if this conversation goes where he
“I don’t – I don’t even know if he likes
“Well, as their
“I just don’t see the big deal, Pete.”
Standing above him is Jennifer Walters. She’s also not wearing a jacket and her long, dark hair is in shambles. She wrings her hands, her equally dark eyes wide. “I know you don’t know me, but uh, I just – I was wondering if we could talk for a moment.”
The café barista was pretty cute, too, and she
“God, I sound like a stalker,” he mutters, looking down. He focuses hard on the cobblestone path, littered with red and gold leaves, keeping sure to step on every single crunchy one.
She just stares in unabashed horror, heart palpitating like she’s in the middle of a marathon. The words come tumbling out without warning, “Bruce, what the
It wasn’t even worth arguing, so Steve stayed silent as they walked to the entrance. Tony’s nails somehow buried their way through Steve’s sweater and straight into his arm. The guy seriously needed a pair of clippers.
“Only because it’s you, Steve,” Bucky says, wearily eyeing his plate. He takes a small bite out of the meatloaf and sighs. Apparently, it's just as disappointing as it looks.
Really.
“Are you – uh… Are –” The words are
“Doubt it.” Bucky shakes his head. “Stark’s a smart guy, but he’s not
~ ~ ~
Anywhere inside the school is
“I guess if you’re too focused on your non-existent love life,” Tony clearly mutters, poking the softened soil with the tip of his shoe.
“Why doesn’t he just ask Bruce himself?” Jen asks. It’s not like Bruce is a scary guy. Far from it. He has an explosive temper, sure, but he usually saves it for people he’s not fond of; like his father, or uncle. Other than that, he’s a pretty easy-going guy who just wants to get through the day.
. He’d never be able to handle explaining this – whatever the hell this
Walters sighs and follows Stark, neither looking back.
I actually finished this a couple of days ago, but I just really wanted to post on February 29th.
skip to the forefront.
~ ~ ~
He makes a mental note to delete those.
“So, we’ll just try again later, alright?”
last breakup.” Bruce draws a breath, still not looking at anyone. “And I basically said that we split due to… incompatibility issues.”
interested. She probably just thought he was hot or something.
only been weak white noise, it silences the room
~ ~ ~
have an emo phase; correcting him doesn’t seem to do a lot of good, so Steve just goes with it.)
As much as I love writing from Peter and Jen's POVS, most of this story will be told alternating between Steve and Bucky; Peter and Jen are basically sublots, though everything does eventually meet in the middle. I promise.
a bad influence on
“Look, Steve,” he says instead, “I just want to make sure you know what you’re getting into. Tony Stark doesn’t exactly have a strong monogamous record; I just don’t want you gettin’ hurt.”
the time. “Still, I don’t understand why you couldn’t just say
“Are you okay?” Steve asked, glancing around the room for Bruce. His search inevitably came up empty because of course it did. So much for heading home.
. I just – I came here because I
From:
Looking around is a useless endeavor. There are too many people in here, and none of them seem interested in paying attention to
He freezes. Backspace, backspace,
Tony flips the page and smirks without sparing Steve a glance. “Is that why you ran into the door?”
Peter’s pretty sure if a black hole opened up right here, right now, he’d throw himself in, face-first. “I mean, I’m not exactly Sherlock Holmes; but I
He glances at the barista who looks about as done as he
Anyway.
Sam grins and claps his hands. “Basically, Natasha is Bruce Banner’s ex-girlfriend. We were gonna try and get her to talk to Bruce to talk to Tony.”
… what kind of shoddy-ass logic...
From:
He almost drops his phone, but thankfully catches it mid-air before it smacks his forehead. The first mark is just beginning to fade.
“I ran into her at a coffee shop.” She doesn’t dare lift her gaze from the papers, even if her brain can’t comprehend a word right now. “And she may have mentioned a guy. A guy named James. That she might be seeing.”
Peter huffs as he piles the paste on his plate. “My roommate is a
“Then who –”
She stares, and he takes a long breath before continuing.
, let us know.”
Tony merely chuckled. “Agreed.” He offered a brief wave and left, walking along the path with a small skip in his step.
Bucky rolls his eyes. “Sam and I will come with if it’ll make you feel better.”
be nice. They took the train here anyway. “I’m not exactly getting my hopes up or anything, but…”
another reason though,” Loki says, and he’s almost frowning now. He plays with the ends of his hair; it’s slicked back into one, long ponytail, like he’s drowned it in an entire case of pomade. “And though I’ve tried to tell Thor otherwise, he
gone; he was in a state of intoxication Steve could only
“James,” Becca says quietly, nodding to another painting of Bucky – because there are a lot, now that he’s actually paying attention, “seriously. Just
Walters nods at the slacks callously draped over the already-messy clothing rack. “You needed new pants.”
“You said the same thing about Peggy.”
Steve’s pretty sure he’s never going to
Bucky turns to Sam, throwing his hands in the air. His spoon flies straight out of his hand. “Talk some sense into him, will ya?”
side though, you probably still reminisce about the good old days when kids still went sledding and polio ran rampant and free. Hence – grandpa.”
“Nice – nice to meet you, Steve.” Tony went back to resting his cheek against the window, letting out a long yawn. “Sp’ose you know where I live, too?”
When he texts Tony about it – because he
“So, you’re a professional artist, I see,” Tony says, motioning to the sketchpad. He’s long since abandoned his phone conversation; someone’s voice – a
None of them are old enough to drink though (yet), so their days together (when their schedules
“And you’re okay with that?” Steve asks because though Tony’s smiling, it doesn’t quite reach his eyes.
“What the hell does Batman have to do with Halloween?” he asks, nodding at one particular pumpkin sitting by the entrance to the Science Department. The fact that it’s not even
Steve quickly shakes his head as he traces the rim with his nail. He’s feeling a bit warmer, a bit more relaxed. Nice. “Nah, that ain’t my game.”
Tony and Bruce glance over in such tandem that it almost looks rehearsed. Both pairs of eyebrows raise, like they’re surprised that they do,
He frowns. "What's wrong?"
too much attention. And if Bucky weren’t at least
It isn’t right to spy. Spying is what
“But you live
Peter jumps for joy.
, Gwenny. Promise. I just – I got a lot on my mind, alright?”
ago. (Excluding his
Steve blushes again, averting his gaze.
We’re tryin’ to get the punk a date with
. It’s like a vanilla candle: Smells heavenly, but tastes like shit.
. It’s been awhile since he’s been able to call himself
~ ~ ~
“Hey, hey,” Wade says softly, handing him another cookie, “it’s okay. It’s just a fight. You guys’ll get through it.”
“James,” she says, taking another large bite of hash brown, because she eats breakfast like it’s going out of style, even at two in the afternoon. She has ketchup on her chin, but Bucky ain’t gonna wipe it off; she’ll just punch him again. “I swear to God…”
different.)
“You don’t have servants?” Steve asks.
“Stop asking me that!” Peter can’t stop laughing. People are staring. A
yet anyway.
of all things is beyond him.
From:
next to him. No. He gets as close as humanly possible without literally
it, of course, but still.”
“She’s a reasonable person. I doubt she would’ve jumped to that –”
Bucky drops back on his bed, scrubbing a hand down his face. “Well, that’s just
“Last Christmas,” Steve affirms with a short nod. He stares out the window again at the falling rain; the sky has darkened, leaving the crimson taillights just ahead as the main light source. Traffic is just barely crawling along at a tortoise pace, rather than a snail; it’s a euphoric feeling to be honest because as much as Steve enjoys being crammed in a car with his crush, his legs are starting to cramp.
“Oh, my
He doesn’t even have to look over to notice Gwen rolling her eyes. Her scoff says it all. If she
me if I want to stay
present in Sam’s gaze. He doesn’t often hang out with Sam
Tony doesn’t respond. He only absently nods and takes out his phone again.
From:
Tony only smirks. “JARVIS,” he says, leaning his hip against one of the desks. A tiny crane sits in the center. “Please explain to my friend here what you are.”
few people I’ll talk about this with.” Tony rests his chin his palm, openly gazing at Peter, almost disdainfully. “Are you absolutely
“I kinda thought the whole party thing was null and void,” Bucky deadpans, glaring at nothing in particular. The wind isn’t visible, unfortunately. He chucks the rest of his drink in the nearest bin and folds his arms in a pathetic attempt to warm himself. “Y’know, since Stark seems so hellbent on the idea of Steve and I being a couple.”
“She made it pretty clear it wasn’t Rhodes.” Jen quickly shakes her head. Even if it
Stark grimaces as he hugs himself. “No need in an empty house. Besides,” he says, and for a moment, Bucky feels a pang of sympathy, “we never really
. It’s a totally legit question, even
– and only
it a lot; mostly on not wasting fire retardant. (Which is a bit
“Then get James Rhodes on the phone,” Natasha snaps, voice clipped.
long time to put together and I’d rather not start from scratch. Capisce?”
Steve knows this. Steve knows this
Steve blinks. “What?”
“Noticed
Sam’s face comes into focus, and he quirks a grin. “Dude, you’ve been staring into space the last couple minutes. What’s up?” His homework lays lax in the center of the cedarwood table, long forgotten with nothing but his name scribbled in the top margin.
dating Bucky. That he doesn’t
Sam only shakes his head, grinning.
than Gwen (unless he counts his fling with Felicia Hardy, but he only really went out with her to get Gwen off his mind before they even
“You don’t need to wait with me or anything.” Tony hugged his sides; his jacket wasn’t exactly winter material. “Bruce is prob’bly out with Jen. I’m sure he’ll be back soon.”
. It’s not exactly an odd look on him; it looks much too natural, like his resting face won’t allow for anything else. “I’m not stupid,” he says. “Thor adamantly denies it, but I
“Good.” She pauses. “Now where’s this place? I’m
“It’s okay.” Steve forced a grin. He’d seen Tony Stark around campus numerous times, though they’d never spoken. The guy was always surrounded by an array of other students, most notably his roommate, Bruce Banner. He had a reputation for being a bit of an ass.
, far as he’s concerned. He's still too groggy, his world still too hazy to deal with this bullshit. Steve’s still too busy in his own little world to notice a thing.
“Scientists,” Peter supplies easily, his voice coming out less shaky than it probably
“I don’t doubt it.” Sam shrugs. “I mean, the guy had, like, the
Natasha’s smile fades, her expression returning to its naturally neutral state. It always makes her look angry; Bucky can relate. “I’ve been worse.”
more appreciative. She’s really grown up in the past year; she can almost stare straight into his eyes. And stare she does, listlessly.
“JARVIS, open the prototype again,” Bruce eventually says, “I wanna check the hydraulics.”
“Just down here.”
“Want one?” Wade asks, handing out a cookie.
“Jen?”
“You’re
pictured him naked.
“I sorta just stared at him for a moment and then walked off without saying anything.”
“Uh. A friend.” As far as unconvincing performances go, this is pretty unconvincing. “And not Rhodes. Obviously.”
Becca breaks the silence without warning. “Do you think Steve ever wanted to tell James how he felt?”
Holyshit.
with his girlfriend. Who he
in love with the guy, but you can’t convince me that you
From:
At this rate, Bucky was
“I ain’t gonna force you, Stevie,” Bucky said with another sigh. “But I think getting out will do you some good. I really am sorry ‘bout Pegs, I really am, but please. Just for a little while.”
. He squints at the sky; birds fly by, traveling south as the weather grows colder. Flying would be nice right about now; he wouldn’t have to worry about taking the subway when he’s in
lately, mostly just to share experiment ideas and such, but he’s also asked for photos of Steve’s recent projects. It’s a nice feeling. (Excluding the few texts asking if Steve really
it, I just –”
She’s able to scribble a few sporadic thoughts into a notebook before something, inevitably breaks her concentration. A piece of crumpled paper hits the back of her head. It doesn’t hurt, of course, but the train comes screeching to a halt anyway.
Happy Leap Day, everyone!
characteristically dropping all pretense of
won’t leave a mark, but he can adjust his hair to cover it, he supposes. Somewhere in his mind’s eye, he sees Sam howling with laughter and vows not to mention this little incident over dinner. Sam’s always been their biggest supporter, no matter how many times Bucky’s reassessed that he and Steve are never going to
“What is my life?” Peter says to no one.  He rakes a hand through his hair. Relevance hurts, though the idea of anyone feeling the same way about
“I’m just saying, it’s not fair to
anytime soon, however, if his lingering feelings for his fake boyfriend are anything to go by. Damnit.
“Alright, a year then.” Tony glances at the paper again, though much of his attention is elsewhere. Namely on his phone. Nothing new. “But I gotta say, if you ever want to live your dream of being a chemist, you
“As you wish, Mr. Banner.”
emotion. Except maybe confusion. He stares, his head slightly askew, squinting at either her or the cover. It’s hard to tell.
is. They’ve known each other since they were kids; Bucky can’t pretend that his best friend hasn’t done some stupid shit. No one’s perfect, after all.
like the easiest solution. God knows he ain’t gonna ask Steve out after the whole door incident.”
, but that – that wasn’t important. “But uh… sky?”
here, alone, at 8 AM is just
working.
Steve dropped his face in his hands. “You’re serious. Well, do you know his number? You can use
“Can I ask you something?” Peter blurts out, leaning his hip against the table. DUM-E turns to him, flexing its crane. A tiny fire extinguisher sits on the floor, ready and willing just in case anything goes awry. Tony isn’t even
to Bruce for once.
have his own personal kryptonite: Math. Peter’s a scientist at heart, but that doesn’t mean he particularly enjoys
A pebble skids along the sidewalk, racing under feet, and smacking into the wheel of a bright green sports car; it looks like something Tony will inevitably buy during his Woe is Me, I’m Thirty Crisis in a couple years.
Peter glances back at his phone.
Steve, on the other hand, says, “Halloween is about being whatever you wanna be.” He shrugs, offering a small smile. “Why not superheroes?”
“No. Much like you, I like
Sam takes one look at him and bursts out laughing.
“Couldn’t you just take a picture? I feel like I’m in the renaissance era; this is why phones exist.”
His jaw drops. “Holy shit.”
“Steve,” Bucky sighed. He reached over, laying a hand on Steve’s shoulder, “Remember what I told you after your mom died?”
“Who hasn’t?” Peter mutters, trying to seem annoyed, though he knows the words come out shaky.
like.
Breaking up is hard to do. Talking to her about his relationship woes, however, feels
reality, however, he knows something like that might too easily crumple their fifteen-year foundation.
“I did.”
mistake all because Steve had the
She turns to him, resting a hand on his shoulder. “Are you
“Think so.” Tony squinted at the lights. “I don’t remember livin’ in Whoville, but then again, Jen’s always tellin’ us to be more festive. She might’ve done some redecorating.”
Jen glances at Tony again, catching his eye. He smirks.
to stop using that word.” Natasha snickers into Bucky’s shoulder.
“To be so hopelessly in love with your best friend.”
kind of satisfaction.
, if he’s feeling generous. The punk just
“We couldn’t wait
word on it, but it wouldn’t be the worst thing. Gwen’s still his friend, after all, and she’s much less likely to give him shit than MJ.
Bucky hardly remembers a thing about the Christmas party beyond waking up with a hangover the size of New Zealand, but he keeps his mouth shut. Steve’s staring at Tony with the same twitterpated expression they’ve all grown
a lot of math. Chemistry included.”
“Just curious.” Stark sets the pants on the rack with an exaggerated sigh. “I was hoping to attend another one of their
It really
to this conversation; even if the point is a
“You could say that,” he says. The words definitely come out harsher than intended, and he doesn’t miss the way she flinches.
true – which it isn’t and couldn’t be – Bucky
. Wade
“I know you’re tired, Jen,” Bruce says, standing to full height. He tries flattening his hair to no avail; he looks like he’s just rolled straight out of bed, rumpled clothes and all. His button-down is only half-tucked in his pants. “If you need to go, Tony and I can take it from here.”
“Damn, Steve,” Tony breathes, hand ghosting over the page. “This is incredible.” He glances up. “Friend of yours?”
Gwen’s up and out of the room before Peter can even reply. She slams the door, and Peter doesn’t even stop her. He just groans, dragging a hand down his face.
“Alrighty. Well, let’s see…” Wade gets up and sits on Peter’s bed. But he doesn’t just
however. It is far from randomized, despite what the boys may say.
has his priorities straight, but at
.” Any attempt to reach behind him is met with more tuts and many, many sidesteps. Jen has a good two or three inches on Tony – the short bastard – but he’s definitely quicker. “You keep me here half the night and you won’t even let me see the
“Wait. What?” Even in the hazy blue light, she can tell that whites of his eyes aren’t so white anymore. Much like Bruce’s, they seem almost inflamed, the blood vessels a deep red. He needs to sleep more. Hell,
Tony spends more time just writing stuff down than actually
Steve’s never looked so pleased.
even if it means dealing with a few wayward, uh… explosions.”
As if a signal is sent through time itself, Bucky’s phone goes off. When he checks it, his only message is a single one from Steve, himself.
“Yes?” Bucky sighs.
“Stevie...”
it though.
There’s always May. She’s usually up early. Maybe not
Peter tentatively approaches the desk. “Is that –”
that he likes Stark for his
, of course.” Tony flicks a wrist at the open air. “And I’d understand if you do. I just figure if we’re planning a – party, you could come and scope the place out. Help me with the nitty-gritty deets.”
Pining is hard. Pining is one of the hardest things Steve’s ever dealt with. Pining after Peggy, pining after Bucky, pining after Tony. He could plant an entire forest at this rate.
. She looks more like the drummer she always claims to be (evidence still pending). “Just a little incident with some gum.”
is dead. Starbucks is
But he’s also grinning. He’s grinning more than he has in
He blinks. This whole situation is a disaster. “And then she spoke to him, I’m guessing.”
From:
, he hasn’t been home in a while and
Peter only nods. His heart races, pulsating in his chest like he’s running a triathlon, but being knowing that he can get
Tony opens his mouth, then promptly closes it. He continues to fiddle with his aviators, still spinning them; Bruce squeezes his eyes shut, resting his head on the back of the booth; and Peter awkwardly fumbles with his phone, sneaking peeks at the group every few seconds.
Tony stares, probably wondering if it’s even worth it to comment on the levels of sarcasm that must radiate from Peter’s very
. Tony’s a magician, no doubt.
,” he said incredulously, like it was the most obvious thing in the world. “And, more importantly,” he added with a smug grin, “you’ll need me around anyway, ‘Mr. Pick On Guys Twice My Size’.”
said anything. Banner, Walters and Parker have probably noticed at this point, too, but whatever. They haven’t said anything either.)
Jen blinks. Weird.
fourteen,” he mutters, staring at said floor like its his only refuge. The fact that Stark and his entourage are still in the area
Which is bad. Like,
shoots him a look.
emotion only serves to remind him that denial isn’t
. Tony’s not perfect, but –”
of all people seems almost comical, and that will open a whole other can of worms. Possibly even Pandora’s Box. “I
“Off how?” Tony asks, still staring at Jen. She forces herself to look away, pretending to be invested in her homework. She picks up her pencil and feigns scribbling a note on the page, though only succeeds on writing her own name.
Looks can be deceiving.
There is a certain irony in peering at her cousin through the
him that. “I told Nat that we’d be better off as friends,” he mumbles, “Which is technically
“It was worth it,” Bucky said, and he meant it. Getting sent to the principal’s office every other week was getting old, sure, and he wasn’t exactly keen on losing so much blood so often, but Steve was worth the trouble. “You were only standin’ up for the girls. I just wish you wouldn’t’ve picked
on the dude at one point,” he says, trying in vain to flag Beth down; she completely ignores him, her eyes glossy as she walks past, “how the hell
“He was still a brunette when Steve slept with him,” Sam says. He shakes his head. “Weird dude. Steve told me he set shit on fire just to watch it burn. Like, what the fuck. He’s gonna wind up in the slammer someday.”
too lifelike sometimes, even if they don't technically resemble humans; it seems almost... wrong, to kill them off so easily.
technically public domain – which it
“I believe Stark and Banner house together, just off campus, right?”
“So, what exactly is the big news?” Tony asks, draping an arm over the back of the seat. He still hasn’t taken off his aviators.
“I always thought so.”
Jen exclaims, grabbing his arm. “I’m sure it’s only a
“Tongue-tied, I guess.” Loki shrugs a shoulder.
Of course.
reach his eyes; whether this is due to confusion or genuine concern is hard to say, but either way, he adds, “You’re Bruce’s cousin, right?”
doesn’t mean he doesn’t have a chance with
pouring over whatever the hell experiment they’re working on
because he’d never hear the end of it; Sam’s ego is inflated enough as
the one that’s been
“Costume shopping?” Stark asks, quirking his eyebrows at the flowery nightmare. “Not
hit the ball, cracking the rack; one of the striped balls slips into the right pocket.
When Steve glances back, he finds that Peter Parker has indeed joined the group without a second thought. He sits next to Tony, setting his backpack on the floor, and immediately jumps into the conversation. Parker’s an amateur scientist, too, it seems, judging by his enthused expression.
sayin’, I know you and Tones aren’t on the best terms right now either.” Clint shoulders his own bow, setting a hand on his hip. “I figure it’d be easier to ask his best friend instead.”
? – at least he’s finally gotten past the whole… running into a door thing. Now if only he could stop feeling like a silly, little schoolboy with a crush every time he and Tony
some stuff. Like… gender, for instance. Not because he’s in
Tony just stares at him. The look in his eyes is far from here, far from home, far from any plane of existence, like he’s having an out-of-body-experience. Like he’s trying to decide where it all went wrong, and Peter’s not really sure
Steve grinned again, wiping the windshield with his sleeve. He nodded toward the sky. “Close.”
have asked – I’m givin’ you some leeway here, kid, because there are
Especially with Loki.
Steve let out a long sigh, his mood already slipping. He wasn’t exactly
too close attention for his own good), Jennifer isn’t like her cousin. She’s looking to be a lawyer.
. It’s not exactly Wakanda in terms of viable space.”
Clint and Kate continue practicing their respective parts as Robin Hood and Princess Merida, only speaking in brief sentences. Or grunts. Though the grunts are mostly from Clint’s end. Bucky doesn’t bother tearing his eyes away from his phone until he hears Clint say something that
the question you wanna open with?”
Bucky patted his shoulder. “You’ll find somethin’.”
– and she’s hardly said a word. She’s gone between being on her phone and staring at him. Her expression is undefinable and it’s hard to say if that’s a good or bad thing.
of parties, so it’s not like it’d be difficult.”
told anyone how he felt, he’d wind up breaking down. Right here, right now, and no one needed to see that. Let alone
Tony, Tony,
Bruce; she just stares at her shoes. Once winter white, they’re now a splattered mess, too.
From:
thing Bucky expects to see when he wakes up is Steve Rogers standing over him. He’s almost forgotten what Steve even
Peter almost falls out of his chair, his face on fire. “
, just
to test as of late, but my brain’s telling me to shut the fuck up about anything vaguely scientific because if I try to think of anything too complicated, I’ll wind up with a goddamn migraine.”
“James,
He gulps down another shot and wipes his mouth with his sleeve. It does little to slow his racing heart. “We’ll see what happens, I guess.”
Bucky blinks. “I believe so?”
Everyone seemed paired off, his own friends included: Bucky was already latched onto Pietro Maximoff, his arm wrapped around Pietro’s shoulder, while Wanda animatedly chatted with the pair. Sam was still standing in the semi-circle, laughing away with new friends as the dark-haired girl nuzzled his neck. It didn’t distract him in the least.
Usually being the New Kid – with a capital NK – is a chore. It’s the literal definition of Why the Hell is Everyone Staring at Me? Because of
Except maybe bitter regret.
sentient for a fucking
been – but because they’re having this conversation in a very
it. “I have class soon, so I, uh… I gotta go.”
She rubs the back of her neck. “Uh, I may have ran into Jennifer at the coffee shop –”
“Felicia?” Gwen asks, pursing her lips. “Nothing should stop you
been ‘taking it from here,’ since they’ve basically demoted her from lab partner to ‘witness.’ Just in case DUM-E
“There.” Stark smiles brightly as he hands it back. “Now just text me and I’ll have your info and blah, blah, blah.”
A second piece grazes her ear, landing right in the mess of papers. It’s more tightly balled, much less subtle in its execution. She opens it.
Steve noncommittally hums, still raking his fork through his already decimated dinner. He hasn’t even touched the rest of the plate.
gonna protect me if some dude-bro tries to mug me?” Becca raises her eyebrows. “I su’pose you
“And you spend it helping my A.I. mock me,” Tony clutches his chest in faux-distress, “And by the
Peter doesn’t even bother vocalizing his disapproval. He just gives his best ‘are you fucking kidding me?’ look and crosses his arms. Because what the actual
From:
From:
Natasha has the audacity to
only because he wanted help picking out a new pair of slacks, and she was already out and about anyway.
When his phone buzzes, he sighs and uncovers his head.
way about him, and I’m sure the feeling’s mutual.” He rubs the back of his neck, almost sheepish. “I mean, we are
Tony chuckles. “A fair point.”
She’s technically his
. Still, Thor is rarely seen without a smile, like he has a literal halo of sunshine. Most of the time, if he
too optimistic for his own good. He literally claps his hands together and
. She fuckin’
times. We have a lot of…” he swallows, doing all he can to avoid Stark’s gaze. “… those.”
Bucky’s not sure what exactly his face is doing right now, but judging by the flicker of uncertainty in Stark’s eyes, he’s sure it isn’t anything
.” His face breaks into a shit-eating grin and before Bucky can even ask him why, another joins their table.
Hell, even the first time he and Tony met was a technical fluke. It was spurred by a coincidental ‘right place, right time,’ though almost
“Let’s get the hell inside before –”
“Yeah?” Tony grins almost wickedly in what felt like forever. “You make sure they know exactly who took it.”
But the channel flips. And the television is suddenly screening a European football game.
in fact, noticeably paler and he’s wiping his palms over his thighs. Tony also notices that Steve’s taken his advice by mixing old jeans with new shoes and an old jacket with a trendy t-shirt.
Tony frowns; completely baffled.
“You knew all this time?” Tony asks quietly.
-right beside Bucky’s black van.
Because he’s stupid enough to hold onto chance.
“I’m considering it,” Tony casually flips through the pages of the script.
“Whose house is that?” Howard enquires.
“You implied it.”
part of it all that has Steve certain he won’t be alright going without it.
“Why did you do that?” Steve whispers loudly over the powerful soundtrack and the hum of everyone’s chatter.
He does, however, feel slightly uncomfortable when his father peers over his shoulder and looks down at the photographs in his hand.
“Well,” Steve gives a half defeated smile. He’s clearly fast losing optimism and Sharon almost feels bad for him. Almost.
Tony’s smile becomes mischievous and before Steve can struggle against it, Tony flips them over and Steve lands on his back. Even with his arms pinned beside his head and Tony’s weight on his body, it would still be incredibly easy for Steve to wriggle free. Steve has not only height, but girth on Tony as well.
“You’re encouraging him, aren’t you?” Hogan scolds. “That’s why he signed that damn contract. That’s why his father is pissed off at the rest of us.”
Steve hears Tony chuckle and then watches as he shrugs out of his jacket, revealing a black, heavy metal t-shirt.
“Then where the fuck do you get off acting as though you know me,” Tony frowns. “Buckyt you were doing it before you even met me. Everyone is always doing that.”
“You know what,” Steve says thoughtfully, “This is kinda like in the script.”
“Well, all he said to me was that I better be at the house at seven o’clock sharp”, Pepper shrugs. “That serious matters had to be discussed and things are going to change. That man really ticks me off, Hogan. His son is most certainly not a
He envies the simplicity of the wooden framed image on the nightstand.
Tony chuckles at the image he’s conjured up in his head.
“It has a rather delightful twist at the end,” Tony pushes the DVD case against Steve’s chest, urging the blond man to take it, “the protagonist has absolutely no idea that he spent all weekend eating out his new boss’s ass until he walks into the office on Monday morning to find the company under new management.”
“How dare you!”
He can’t feel good or bad about it. There’s just no one way to it.
“Premier?”
It’s been three nights, but it feels like much longer. Three days of silence, of the occasional awkward glance. Tony is sure everyone can tell. He’s been spending insane sleepless nights, convincing himself that everyone knows that there’s something wrong between him and Steve.
“Thanks,” Stan mutters subconsciously, wracking his brain for how to approach the subject correctly. In his mind, there already is no way. None that will lead to a favorable ending.
“Phteven?” Bucky cocks a brow. And were it not for the situation, Steve would’ve burst out laughing at the clear unimpressed expression on his replacement’s face. “Now I get why everyone’s calling you
Steve only assumes that she knows what’s going on, that she’s played a part in what’s happening.
Steve chuckles, looking up at the Demerol drip and then back at his father. “Maybe if you behave and don’t drag race on your wheelchair in the middle of the night.”
“I won’t,” Tony says, voice heavy as he lowers the weight again.
“Yeah,” Steve nods, looking over his shoulder at Tony briefly. “That’s a good idea. We should.”
He was expecting it.
“That’s what I like to hear,” Hogan nods before patting Tony’s shoulder.
“You’re on your way now, Tony,” Pepper says simply.
“Your family, Tony,” Steve holds Tony’s challenging glare, “it feels like I’m in the way of your reconciliation. In the way of…sort of… everything.”
“Hello,” he says calmly. With the phone pinned between his shoulder and ear, Brock swiftly lights up a cigarette.
“What’s wrong with his father ma’am?” Tony asks, not paying much attention to what she’s doing.
Tony begins to wonder why the hell he’s looking at Steve’s lips anyway.
“Hello,” Tony grins, hands sliding onto Steve’s bare waist and hands clamping down firmly enough to keep him in pace.
Ms. Wanda has assured Tony that she was already heading up to see Joseph’s progress in the morning. She assured him that he’s more than welcome to tag along and Tony immediately accepted. But right now he feels an intoxicating need to be with Steve at that very moment.
“I let him, because he’s my boss,” Steve sighs and opens the first folder of far too many. “Have a stiff one for me,” Steve gives Bucky an impassive smile before turning to his monitor in a way he hopes lets Bucky know he needs to be left to it without coming off too discourteous.
“Yeah,” Steve rolls his eyes, “annoyance.”
Steve notices Tony’s face go from genuine amusement, to a tight, forced smile. He notices this happen the second he stares into the eyes of a beautiful, red-haired woman.
“Oh, I’m sorry. Yes, Neil,” Tony finally smiles again and offers Steve his hand before unsurely adding, “Patrick,” and then, “Harris.”
He’s only seen her once before, he’s been expecting a visit the entire day. He’s anticipated her anger, yet when he opens the door, he still stumbles back when she shoves him.
“So he’s been staying in a hotel,” Hogan shouts. “A hotel, Pepper. He has a home.”
Cold. Empty. Dark.
“Oh come on, Maria,” Tony beams, “he didn’t mind. You saw him. I was just asking a question.”
“I beg to differ,” Peggy smiles sweetly.
“21 what?” Tony asks for the second time that hour and the crowd laughs and applauds. He has no idea why because he’s genuinely confused.
“You don’t have to keep reminding me,” Steve is grateful when they’ve finally exited the building. “I’m the one who got rejected and fired, remember.”
The entire day has been an event and Hogan knows that the only reason Tony is having them run up and down is in the hopes that they’ll give up and leave him alone.
Tony feels bad when he opens his eyes again and even in the near dark he can see pain cross over Steve’s face.
to Tony Stark.”
Tony picks up on this, watching Steve intently. He isn’t sure how to place exactly what he’s feeling, but he likes it. It’s a capricious sort of feeling. He knows Steve really likes him. That Steve wants him. He knows the affect he has on Steve.
“Hogan,” Tony stares at the ceiling and pinches the bridge of his nose, “not so early in the morning. Please.”
Without waiting for her reply, Tony moves away, loosely clutching Steve by the arm in tow.
speak to Howard, Happy,” Pepper ignores his joke, “from what I recal, once upon a time, the two of you were best friends before you were bound by the strict employee employer relationship.”
When Steve looks back up into Tony Stark’s uncharacteristically black-lined eyes, he’s sorely disappointed with himself by how insanely and instantly turned on he is.
When Steve’s eyes meet Tony’s, he isn’t sure what he sees there. He feels like he needs to explain everything to him. Not just about Bucky, but about everything. He’s completely exhausted, but he knows they need to talk. The question is, when.
And for the first time since meeting the arrogant and occasionally ‘assholelic’ boy, Steve picks up on something he never saw before. And Steve is  taken aback.
It hurts, but at that moment, that’s exactly what Maria wants. As Tony walks out of the room, she knows it’s just what was needed for Tony to find himself.
Steve feels a weight lift off his shoulders when Tony’s hand slips into his and their fingers entwine as they walk towards Ms. Wanda and the boys.
“I didn’t kiss him, dad,” Steve confesses, exasperatedly. “He kissed me. And it wasn’t even like that. It was just a gimmick.”
“C’mon,” Steve says, “you’re totally used to this.”
“You both however have a chance to right some wrongs,” Howard continues. “It has become clear to me that Tony is doing this to settle his own personal childish vendetta that he has with me. I don’t find it amusing at all. I feel he needs to be monitored… closely. He needs to be stopped before he continues to do bullshit like this and completely fuck up all I’ve built for him.”
People like Sharon, however, she is just like him. A pesticide.
“Howard, please,” Hogan says, his hands on Howard’s chest. “Howie, I’ll sort this out, okay. I’ll sort it out.”
There’re many perks that come with fame, Steve now knows this first hand. But he’s never bothered taking into account a few other things. A few essential things. The things he started realizing after spending time with Tony Stark. Like the fact that wherever they go, Tony is always hiding behind huge dark frames, under a football cap and inside a hoodie, despite the weather.
Steve’s eyes snap open, eyeing the gadget in Tony’s hand as message after message flood in. The short scoffed chuckle from Tony is Steve’s exact inward reaction.
Tony’s feeling overconfident and is unapologetic about it. When it comes to Steve, Tony is now certain that he’s one step ahead with full reign of over the situation. So much so that as he keeps walking, he does a mental countdown from three, grinning widely when his name is called just as he reaches zero.
And just as Steve finds a place right beside Tony, Steve almost chokes on the breath he catches. Startled and frozen solid, Steve can’t even begin to imagine what the hell Tony is thinking as he moves both hands to Steve’s face and presses their lips together.
She isn’t going to let him.
“What?” Hogan glares daggers at Pepper.
“He was sick,” Pepper says thoughtfully.
“Fresh from the bakery,” Tony says, placing the box between them. “Well, from the backery, and then they sat in my car for a while. The elevator ride up here is pretty long too so I guess they’re only half fresh.”
“Mom, please,” Tony says by way of dismissal, making his way to the door.
And all it takes is one look between Steve and the boss’s closed office door, and by the time Steve has shut down his station and their colleagues are clocking out, Bucky’s eyes are wide.
“What the hell took you so long to get here?” Howard demands.
As Maria covers the ground between them, she can already feel Tony withdraw.
It does dawn on her that she’s possibly been just as confused as Tony.
“No, Tony,” Steve moves Tony’s hand away from his face, even though the light gesture clearly affects him. “You’re confused.”
It’s an early Sunday morning and the place is abnormally vacant, but the few employees that he does walk past greet him with much enthusiasm. They have no idea why he’s been doing odd jobs around the studio of late. They have no idea why he is offering to get the crew coffee or spending hours in Lee’s office.
“No, mom, okay,” Tony’s shocked by the rise in his own voice. “Just stop. To hell with Steve, to hell with everyone. I’m sick of people telling me what to do. What to feel. I just wanna move on.”
A picture probably taken by a neighbor or a family friend. Someone like Ms. Wanda.
At first Steve thought Bucky was giving the family space after their Mother’s death. And then Bucky started acting distant with Steve as well. He was only around when he needed to let off his pent up sexual tension. And this was all at a time when fucking in the back seat of Bucky’s car was the last thing on Steve’s mind. So one day after Bucky picked Steve up from work in his black van which was just as tarnished and smoked just as much as the owner, Steve denied Bucky for the last time.
“That’s exactly how you looked when you first started,” Hogan frowns, “he’ll be fine. Pepper’s calming him down.”
“That’s right,” Tony forces a smirk. “Keep reminding me, I just might forget.”
to know”.
“Knowing you, Tony,” Natasha continues once she has enough silence, “You always have something up your sleeve. Any new projects you’d like to share with us.”
“You haven’t been answering your father’s calls,’ Maria carefully points out.
No matter what he did to try to distract himself, everything was still way too fresh in his head.
“You know,” Bucky sounds like he’s blocking the mouthpiece to make sure no one on the other end of the line can hear what he has to say next, “I fucked up-”
Howard sighs, turning on his heel with an ease that merely upset Tony further.
“Listen to me,” Tony pushes on. His voice wasn’t loud, but it was evidently full of deep rage. “I know you spoke to him. What did you say?”
“Tony,” Steve finally speaks, “I don’t want to be in your way.”
“You called your father a faggot?” Pepper raises a brow.
“No, Mr. Stark.”
The first night was the hardest.
“Perfect,” Clint says, flash after flash hitting Tony’s eyes, “I think that’s a rap.”
With nostrils flaring and eyes narrowed, Howard storms out of the room with not so much as a look in his son’s direction.
Tony stares down at his phone after Steve hang up.
“Okay,” Steve nods, hope completely lost now.
Ever since Harold Stark announced his early retirement from Stark Industries and his son strolled into his place, it was painfully obvious to Steve that mini-Stark loathes him.
“Fuck the script,” Tony grins, not caring that he catchest Steve halfway through a chuckle as he joins their lips once again.
Hogan remembers an article in a teen magazine where the journalist had written that Tony Stark could easily distribute his looks between ten guys and all of them would still be good-looking.
find Jake. And his family. Only, Jake is like, right in the middle of chemotherapy.”
Then, as if at all possible, Steve feels himself get harder. Embarrassingly damp at the tip when Tony abandons his dance to straddle him. The act itself is mind-blowing enough, even without the thrill of craved contact Steve had no idea he so desperately needed. Even before Tony spreads his legs obscenely wide, thrusting filthily in a way that must be hurting Steve more than Tony’s elastic stunt. Because Steve has never felt such painful need for something he is already being given. Need for the tongue already tasting the inside of his mouth. Need for the feeling of Stark’s large hands on his skin, t-shirt bunching at the back of his neck reminding Steve that they have to find some sort of way to let go of each other long enough to strip.
Steve’s eyes shoot to Tony’s and the intensity of the moment is glass-shattering.
Tony joins in on the crowds’ laughter, and not just for show.
He looks at Tony’s uncovered arms that only have white arm bands around the wrists. And then Tony holds up the script and Steve snaps out of his trance. A trance that seems to be consuming him far too often of late, he frowns when he realizes that Bucky’s still rambling on in his ear.
“Now you’ll have the chance to confirm that you’re not. It’s about time you grow up, Tony,” Howard’s voice wreaks authority. “Now, what we’re going to do is-”
They have no idea it’s because Tony’s avoiding his lonely new apartment and will do anything to keep away from the ominous serenity it brings. It’s a constant reminder of how his father is still furious with him. And although it’s been a plan of Tony’s to leave home at eighteen, he hadn’t wanted it to be like this.
“Let me help you with that,” Tony smiles down at the old lady once beside her. It only takes a second of thought before she genuinely returns his smile, handing him the knife.
Considering they had not shown any violent behavior they were sent to the compound until the UN could decide what would happen.
`````````````````````````````````
. “But they just kept coming. Bit by bit. Just enough to keep us busy.” It had been hard on all of them. There seemed to be an endless supply of the aliens and no end had been in sight. “Then when we were all exhausted, the rest came.”
“We got a phone call from Captain Steve Rogers, warning us that the man we captured today, was in fact not him.” The Colonel looks dispassionately at him. “Care to explain?”
He locked himself in the lab in the basement and came out when no-one else was to be seen. Natalia was stress baking and Sam was systematically cleaning
````````````````````````````
ended their world.
“Son of a fuck that was bright!” And Tony just wants to sink though the floor when he realizes who it was that said that.
Clint nods his head gently. ‘
Right before the Chatauri reached them, Steven’s world exploded into color.
“You motherfucker.” Clint spits full of hatred.
But where was Tony?
The sight made Steven laugh happily and Tony used that red and gold arm to pull him into a kiss long over-due.
fairly.
blitz-attack, I believe so.”
Steven held his cheek in his hand and the other man was still breathing. “Friday! Send the jet to us, now!” He let go of his comm and got the confirmation that there was help on the way. Tony’s shoulder was bleeding and below that…
Its hours after that when they are released to the Compound.
“At the bottom?” Tony says when they all look expectantly at him.
There was no denying it anymore, they were not from this earth. Tony wanted to curse and wondered what he had done in a previous life to deserve having to deal with not just one team of Rogues, but now also the ones from another earth.
Natalie looks unamused at Clint, but when she sees Steven nodding she’s not so sure anymore that he’s joking. “That actually happened?”
They had won.
But he couldn’t.
Sam had to take a breather after reading about the accusations against the Scarlet Witch and the fact his counterpart and Steve Rogers had both argued and voted to have her committed to, not a prison cell,
When Tony’s eyes rolled back into his head that hope went right out the window.
Clint was sitting in the interrogation room. When Steven was returned to his cell, they took him. From the calmness that Steven was giving off, Clint knew nothing bad was going to happen.
Steven and Other-Clint sat in the living room of the compound. Tony was aware that they both wanted nothing more as to leave from the looks of it. Tony tried to remain calm, but it was a task that he was  not sure that he would be able to maintain the entire time they were here. There was nothing more that he wanted to do as to leave the compound and never return.
“Stan Lee?” Pepper asks, unable to hide her fascination. “
“That was great Tony.” Clint smiles at him. “I’m glad Hogan agreed to this.”
Tony holds himself up, arms positioned on either side of Steve’s head. Steve’s breathing quickens noticeably and still no words coming to mind.
Tony puts the car into drive and bypasses his turn off. He can’t go home yet, not to the empty apartment. There’s only one person who’ll be more than willing to be in his company, even if it is to witness him fall apart. Pepper won’t mind even if he does show up unannounced. That’s what he loves about her. She will listen to him and tolerate his crap. He needs her more than ever right now.
“Can I get you some coffee, Mr. …?”
Tony rolls his eyes, gets to his feet and walks to the door, well aware that Hill is right on his heel.
When Steve pushes into Tony, Tony is far too tight to be teased any longer without actual lubricant. Steve assumes that Tony is most likely always on the pitching end of the game because he simply cannot picture his boss a virgin. The thought still excites him when he allows his mind to wander as he unfastens the cap of the tube and slicks his fingers with a considerable amount of the water-based substance. What if Tony really hasn’t ever bottomed for any other man before? What if Tony really hasn’t ever been with another man at all? What if Tony Stark, certified lady-killer, is a complete virgin in the art of man-on-man loving?
“Don’t do it, Tony Stark,” Hogan demands in vain, barely above a whisper.
Steve doesn’t care anymore.
“You, couch,” she orders, making her way to the hallway cupboard to retrieve her guest duvets.
“I’m sorry to just barge in here,” the boy says, “there’s no one at reception and I didn’t know where to…. what’s wrong?”
The sight alone is enough evoke all sorts of emotions. It feels almost surreal seeing Steve lying there, possibly deep in sleep. His face is drawn into a soft frown, giving away his discomfort. Tony hardly doubts he’s uncomfortable considering the way he was sleeping.
“The president?” Tony raises a brow.
“Uh huh,” Tony muses skeptically as he lays back down on the bench press and Jarvis lines up to spot him once again. “You do that.”
Steve scowls at his friend, subtly peering under the table where Bucky has just nudged his thigh.
It doesn’t work.
Tony doesn’t have an answer to that. He merely makes a face that shows that, probably, for the first time ever, he and Natasha agree on something.
“You bypassed me?” she shouts.
Tony doesn’t like the sudden loss of weight over him when Steve moves off to slip into the bathroom. Minutes later when Steve decides he’s done a decent enough job of burning the evidence and the two boys tangle themselves together under the covers, Tony is content for the first time in ages.
Steve runs his fingers through Tony’s hair, taking in the tired look on the boy’s face. He’s exhausted too. He sighs as he gently rocks the swing.
“Can we get a picture of the two of you?” one of the well-known and more respectable photographers asks over the heightened commotion.
The reporter isn’t exactly what Tony would call attractive. Take away the make-up and hair extensions and she’ll probably just barely scrape past the first elimination round in Miss America. But then again, Tony thinks, he could just be thinking this because of who the reporter is and what she stands for.
“Mr. Stark,” Steve utters out breathlessly, warningly. Because his boss’s hand is on his hip, lips against his ear and if ever there was a better way to get Harold to sack his own son, this was it. But Tony’s hand is on his hip and his lips are against his ear and Steve suddenly wants to hire something other than a stupid DVD.
In the past, Bucky and Joseph were really good friends to the point of having more in common than Steve and Bucky did. And although to may annoyed Steve to some extent, there was always a deep warmth in knowing that both his parents adored his first boyfriend. His first love.
Steve senses the ice in Tony’s words despite the calm expression on his face.
Hogan stands backstage chewing on his bottom lip as he watches Tony tackle every question with ease. The boy is working the crowd expertly. Hogan doubts that it really matters what Tony says or how he says it. He can tell the entire audience to eat shit and die and they will all still applaud. The power Tony has is overwhelming, the careless discard he has towards it is frightening.
“Sent you and Pepper to check up on me,” Tony shakes his head with a sarcastic smile. “Really, Hogan, when is he just gonna give this up?”
The knock on the door makes him jump.
Tony regrets deciding to spend tonight with friends. All the girls keep asking Tony is if Steve has a girlfriend and if he’s as handsome in person as he is in the magazine and if he is a good kisser.  And Tony can’t stand every single thing being about Steve Rogers anymore. So he cuts the visit short and takes the drive home incredibly slowly.
He wonders if it’s as strong an affect as the one that Steve has on him.
Brock takes another long drag of his cigarette before ashing it into a discarded glass of water.
“Mine,” Hogan answers simply, clenching his jaw at the image.
“Aren’t you a lucky young man, Steve Rogers,” Natasha muses, gaining a roar of approval from the audience once again.
Tony takes his time walking to the bathroom with a slight sway. Once safely inside, he shuts the door and leans back against it.
a challenge, Hogan.”
“I know, I know,” Tony grins, “but it’s not all bad. I guess this gives all of us a chance to venture out into other fields and find ourselves instead of being behind one character for the next five years, trapped by a contract.”
Hesitantly, Tony brings his hand up, moving his fingers through Steve’s messy blond hair. He knows he’s prolonging the inevitable, but it can only last for so long.
“Okay,” Brock pushes away from Howard, stumbling back slightly. “It was Steve Rogers’s agent… Sharon….I dunno, Sharon something.”
“Funny you ask, Peggy,” Tony finally says.
“Wait; don’t tell me,” Joseph jokes, “Mel Gibson?”
Sharon doesn’t care about the extra information. Brock had her at
The three of them are put on a plane to be moved towards a safe destination. Tony is shaking like a leaf and Steven sends Other-Clint a pleading look. He knows he looks bad, there is blood everywhere on his face and he’s currently holding one of his molars so it will be straight once it’s no longer moveable.
“We? Oh that’s great. Where is the rest of your merry band of terrorists?”
Seeing Tony laying in that hospital bed with only one arm was horrible in many ways, but Steven knew that he had been very lucky that he’d survived at all.
“Would it be possible to read these Sokovia Accords?”
Tony was not a happy camper at the moment.
“Captain
“Steve!” Sam, calls out. “Man get off of him. He’s just trying to rile you up and keep you from the mission.”
He’s grumpy because she interrupted him, but about five minutes into dinner he can’t help but laugh when Natalia retells the story of Budapest. It somehow involved Other-Clint eating half a pie, getting strung upside-down from a building and petting a dog. When Other-Clint told him the story of Budapest he told an entirely different tale and the details so contradicting that Tony honestly can’t tell who’s telling the truth.
Other-Clint snorts. “Yeah sure. And that’s why we’re here and you had fucked off to wherever you were.”
“How much was the rest?”
He still remembered the absolute feeling of failure when cities fell across the globe, and he’d been too tired and injured to make a difference. They had all been. “It was a full scale invasion. They blitz attacked the main command centers across the world and in the aftermath everyone was scrambling because we had no idea what was going on. Then all communication was cut off. No internet, phones, not even radio. We were completely in the dark. By the time we were collected enough, there was almost nothing left.”
While he had managed to convince the Accords committee to let him pass babysitting duty to Friday, that had now been decided that Tony would be the one to have to ask them to sign the accords.
It actually was enough for Natasha to flinch slightly. Natasha takes a breath and then reminds the team. “This it’s what we’re here for, Steve. They’re trying to stall us.”
Steven doesn’t know what the other him has done, but considering the Colonel called him a terrorist, it was probably nothing good.
Steve feels the air rush out of his lungs when he looks at the other Rogers who is being interviewed.
`````````````````````````````````
Steven’s head was spinning and he was utterly nauseous. He felt the ground and twisted to what he hoped was his side to throw up.
``````````````````````````
Then the fight was on.
``````````````````````````````
The other Rogers finishes with a charming smile.
“Really?”
So when Steve moves off of him, Steven sits up and calls out, “That’s a good boy.” And clicks his tongue twice with a smirk. He’s barely finished when the other man is on him again. And then it’s kind of chaos.
before he’s moved out of Clint’s sight and he hopes the archer understood.
When they land the doctors immediately move towards Steven. And Steven immediately sends them to Tony when he can make clear that he’s doing all right. His face is mostly healed up and his tooth is no longer in danger of falling out, and Tony needs the medical help more right now.
They’re all taken into individual custody save for Tony, Steven and Other-Clint. Steven because he was a good two inches taller than Steve and is thus easy to identify, and Other-Clint because the hearing aids are a pretty good tell on who is who.
The reporter on the station asks.
Steven sighs heavily, feeling the guilt weigh hard on him. Still, he continues. He has to tell this otherwise Hank and Thor had sacrificed themselves for nothing, “Doctor Hank Pym and Doctor Reed Richards combined their knowledge and used what was left of Doctor Jane Foster’s research to make a machine to send us here. It had something to do with bridges. I don’t know. You’ll have to ask Sam when you find him, the science talk went right over my head. Perhaps that he remembers more.” He admits with a sad smile.
“Yes?”
Other-Clint readied a flashbang arrow and when he spotted movement he immediately fired.
Steven snorts. “Yes, right after you broke into the Compound and possibly hurt Friday.”
“I know it’s hard…
Tony hesitates a second before talking. “Thanos. I’ve heard that name before.”
“Tony was that really necessary?” Steve asks angrily. And considering Tony has a split lip and the Other-Clint has blood running down his face in a steady stream, Tony likes to think it
“What?”
Steve apparently had thought that the UN was a government, and with one google search Steven confirmed that in this world it was still the same as in their own world. With one simple google search Steven had debunked a massive part of Steve’s resistance to the Accords. Because ‘the safest hands were their own’. That was always a horrible way to lead.
Rhodey looks surprised. “Wait, really? When?”
It was only a few days after Tony resurfaced that the alarms went off.
Steven shakes his head. “Millions.”
. The Colonel he knew had died a few days ago. And now he was standing in front of him, with a gauntlet with a light in it pointed at him.
Tony shakes his head. “Jane called me earlier. There were energy signatures that could actually back up this guy’s story.”
Thanos had arrived.
“You fired first!” Steve says as if that makes it okay somehow.
“15 seconds, get ready!”
“From a different world?”
He had no idea how long he’d been doing CPR but he only stopped when the medics came. One other medic was talking to him, but he had apparently been a little close to the blast since he couldn’t make out what they were saying. The only thing he could hear was his own blood rushing through his veins.
```````````````````````````````
He’s seated at a metal table that’s bolted to the floor on a metal chair that’s also bolted to the floor. The room is pure white, only interrupted by a large mirror which Steven suspects is one-way-glass. He wonders who is watching.
It left Steven to wonder how this power hungry arrogant man had ever gotten to the rank of Captain in the army. When he wondered this out loud, Friday pleasantly informed him that Steve Rogers hadn’t even finished goddamned
The glare Steven sends back would be enough to spontaneously set Steven on fire. “Considering that two of my team members are injured, in a
Steven sighs. It was a long shot, but he’d hoped that giving the information would have gotten him some trust. “It started April 7
Steven can tell the man is getting to a point where violence is a possibility. His team had spoken of the possibility of the Rogues showing up and had planned to keep the attention on them and away from Tony as long as possible. They had heard of what had happened at the airport and in Siberia, and the last thing any of them wanted was a repeat of that.
The New York sanctuary was getting wrecked but they could not fail. He wouldn’t fail again.
Tony’s been almost non-responsive the entire flight, only reacting when someone placed a blanket around his shoulders.
That was one thing he could do without.
The man was an almost fifty-year-old with heart problems. If the invasion wasn’t an all hands on deck situation Steven would have wondered if having the man in the field was actually a good idea. Combine that with the man’s minefield of triggers and Steven had the outmost respect for the man to keep doing what he was doing. He’d seen soldiers completely fall apart because of fear, and he wanted Tony to know that getting triggered wasn’t something shameful, but just some shitty thing that happened.
“As if Friday can actually get hurt, it’s a program, not a person!” Steve exclaims angerly. “Besides, the Compound is our home, and Friday wouldn’t let us in!”
When Tony lifted the gauntlet and snapped, Steven couldn’t breathe. A split second later he was thrown off his feet with a blinding light temporary blinding him. When Steven could see again, Thanos’ army was fading away into dust in front of his eyes.
When they were eventually all back together in the Compound with the right Sam and Natalia, Tony was very skittish around them.
Steve sucks in a breath of air in shock, while Sam lets out a quiet “Shit man.”
`````````````````````````````````
“Friday?”
It had taken a few weeks before Tony was stable enough to be moved home, but he got there. ‘
Hours passed and suddenly, without a warning, Colonel Rhodes returned and had him taken to an interrogation room. Clint wakes up when he’s taken out and immediately yells slurred, “Steven? Where are they taking you?”
```````````````````````````````````
Steve is however shocked when Steven just smiles an ugly smile with bloodied teeth. “You know, I heard you were a weak, but I never thought you would be this weak.” Steve punches him again. And then again. Steven twists his head to the side and spits some blood out. “Three punches and you still haven’t knocked me out? Boy what the fuck are you doing?”
“I see.”
She’s been laying the Russian accent on a little thicker as she had in her interview upon arrival, but it somehow put Tony a bit more at rest. While they looked almost identical to their counterparts, they all had started to distinguish themselves from the Rogues.
Steven ripped some of his under-suit and held it to Tony’s shoulder in a hope to stop the bleeding. “All right, eyes on me soldier.” Steven had seen men survive injuries they probably shouldn’t have before, and he could only hope that Tony would be one of them.
“You said we, are you referring to yourself and Clint Barton?”
The reporter nods,
Okay so most of him had survived.
Tony rubbed his chest, wincing slightly at the pain in his chest.
“What’s happening guys?” Steve asks but he doesn’t need and answer from them when he catches the sight on the TV. It’s them, except not. They’re the counterparts that had arrived not too long ago.
What they were doing out of a jail cell though, was beyond him. Until he caught sight of the banner.
With one sentence he wipes away that hope.
He knew it was his team’s way of trying to deal with what had happened, and while it was nice to have freshly made lava-cakes, Steven preferred seeing his team at ease. It was rather odd how fast the other man had grown on his team, but then again, Tony seemed to be impossibly fast at everything.
Colonel Rhodes cut him off before he could say anything else. “Don’t move.”
Tony is sure that if he hadn’t been a CEO for so long that his jaw would have dropped. “You’re serious?”
“Perhaps that’s because you’re no longer welcome.” Other-Clint jabs back.
The smell of burnt flesh was something that Steven had hoped to never smell again. Tony’s entire arm was just a mess of burnt flesh. He heard the wheezing breaths and Tony then opened his eyes. “Tony! Tony can you hear me? Hey!” He kept Tony’s head from moving and he locked eyes with him. “You’re going to be okay. Alright? Help is on the way, just hang on.”
Tony nods, “At least about how they got here. Jane’s trying to track the others down using the energy signature. It can take a few hours.” He shifts.
When Steve turns his attention to Steven, he gets this ugly sneer on his face. “And why was that?”
There was nothing they could do for now besides wait.
to believe, but we truly did come here to warn you. Thanos is weeks away from invading your planet. He’s after the infinity stones, and if he gets them all, there is nothing you can do to stop him. He’ll destroy everything.”
“Thank you, Friday.”
It was then that the lights cut back on.
“Hank! How long?” They heard Thor call out over the coms. “I will be overrun soon!”
“Mr. Lee,” Steve sighs. “Apparently we’re still on.”
“Well, we’re all dying to hear what it is,” Peggy smiles, “aren’t we guys?”
“We were all about to head over to Hogan’s,” Pepper says quickly, paying no attention to Tony’s annoyance, Hogan’s shock or Steve’s confusion. “It would be great if you could join us.”
He looks back at Tony, questioningly. Tony knows what he was thinking. However, all his questions can be answered later.
“Bucky,” Steve realizes he’s just been standing there like an idiot, watching them stand off.  He grabs Bucky’s arm, trying to guide him to his black van, but Bucky doesn’t budge. “Bucky, please. Can we talk quick?”
It happens in one motion that’s far too poetic to be possible. The moment both their tops are bared, Tony flips them over. Tony’s back hits the mattress, Steve’s hands press into Tony’s above the shorter man’s head. Steve drags Tony higher so that his own knees can find purchase on the bed, Tony’s legs wrap around Steve’s waist. Steve wonders how it was accomplished without their lips parting. He cringes when he realizes Tony’s teeth sinking painfully into his bottom lip isn’t just a wanton accident. He opens his eyes when Tony won’t let go, only to find Tony not looking at him at all.
They hold each other’s gaze, hearts thumping and faces completely flushed.
A moment of silence passes and Steve finds himself holding his breath, praying that his father has taken it to heart when he had literally begged him to stop blaming himself for their mother’s death.
Steve had been called into the office and found himself face to face with a very blasé looking Tony-soon to be boss. And Harold’s large hand had fallen heavily on Steve’s shoulder.
Steve watches Tony get up, wondering if Tony had been reading his thoughts.
issues your own way, but I’m comfortable enough with my
“Re-casting?”
“That’s because you’re missing the big picture,” Lee stresses dramatically. He instantly spins to the side, turning his attention away from the brooding agent and setting his sights on the young brown-eyed boy who seems to be finding all of this amusing. “
“No,” Tony lays flat on his back, positioning himself on the bench press. “I told him he can deal with his….okay; I can see how that may have sounded. But that’s not what I meant.”
Hogan stands beside Tony who’s seated right in the center of the room. His arms are crossed and his knuckles are white, fingers wrapped tightly around the PVR remote control.
“That’s inevitably what you had me thinking, Steve.” Tony shrugs as Steve fights not to look away. “But this isn’t about me. I just, don’t want you to apologize. I don’t want you to feel bad about this because that’s all over now, okay. We’re here, that’s all that matters. And I think you were fucking brave doing what you did for your dad. I respect your decision. I respect you more for your decision, just….. don’t leave me out of the know again. Don’t leave me, period.”
“If you see there in my portfolio,” Thor begins, eyes continuously darting to Tony - holding the gaze for brief moments with the same calmness, “I’ve mainly been an extra in music videos. And I also had a modelling contract with Nike.”
“Steve.”
Tony smiles, admiring her sass. She’s clearly been spending far too much time with him. The attitude seems to be rubbing off.
“That good, huh?” Pepper says skeptically. “What’s it about?”
“Pepper, open up. It’s me,” Hogan’s voice practically shakes the door.
She’d known it would lead to this. From the second she’d received the call from Tony’s friend to pick Tony up from the club; to the second she got into the car. Though she was always annoyed at the late hour and the situation, something perverse about the twisted predictable behavior thrilled her, knowing exactly where the night would lead.
Steve had cringed at that because sis mother was gone.
“He wouldn’t,” Tony says, almost believing his own words.
At that moment, at everyone.
“Mom, don’t,” she hears her son’s voice break as she pulls the protesting young man into her arms. It doesn’t take long before she feels his efforts weaken, and then his head drops to her shoulder. Maria feels utter relief when his arms finally wrap around her, pulling her in a little harder. “How could he do that to me, mom? I thought he… I thought he loved me.”
And then he found himself nervous. Wondering if Steve was ever going to actually talk to him again. If they were still friends at all. He wondered if Steve had any goddamn right to even be angry with him.
“One of us is gonna have to be the brains in this relationship,” Tony chuckles, “evidently, the smart money is not on me.”
“You can’t seriously be asking that question,” Hogan scoffs, “what is it always about.”
Fortunately for Pepper, once the door is shut, she’s able to fully remember her place. And when Tony steps out of the bathroom with his shockingly brown bedroom eyes and still half naked body, she’s able fix her demeanor. Even if it is just barely.
“You’re unbelievable, you know that?” Hogan steps into the elevator with Tony right behind him.
, Tony. We can’t keep doing this. You’re too young.”
Eventually, finding his feet, Steve closes the small distance between himself and the lounge.
say yes.
“A hundred bucks says that’s not his real name,” Lee rolls his eyes, sitting back, seeming less amused as the hours go by.
“What?” Tony smirks with a raised brow.
He takes one last deep breath before tossing the file aside and exiting his car.
“Can I get you anything?” she asks carefully, touching Tony’s arm cautiously.
*****
“You actually got her at a bad time,” the lady states, leading Tony into the partially empty office. “She’s collecting the last of her stuff. You’re free to wait for her if you’d like.”
The past month.
“Let’s not be bitter, Tony,” Natasha Romanov drawls, “fabrication is merely reproduction of the truth. And let’s face it; your life is all about
Tony closes the distance between them, placing a much needed kiss on Steve’s waiting lips. He’s slightly annoyed when Steve pulls away so suddenly, but the smile on Steve’s face effortlessly softens him.
All eyes fall on the young man who’s just entered the room, his smile proving to be terribly infectious.
Tony smiles softly again. He can tell it isn’t going to be easy, but he feels oddly numb enough to take Steve’s blows.
“I’m signing the contract.” Tony interrupts Howard and his father’s face instantly changes a few shades redder.
“And where the fuck were you when this was happening,” Howard’s voice rises considerably.
Tony is annoyed by his father’s choice of words, even further annoyed that his father’s back is turned to him as the man casually rummages through his book shelf.
Which is probably why as he knocks on the door, and it swings open seconds later, he’s wondering what the hell had swayed him to come to Steve instead.
“Yeah,” Tony shrugs, “but, it’s with a cast of two who know it’s real.”
“I never really said
“Well, I haven’t exactly read the whole scr-”
“That’s what the camera is here for,” Hill raises a brow, pointing to the large piece of expensive, complex equipment placed strategically intrusively right in front of the audition chair.
“You’re both fired,” he confirms before closing the door with a look of pure disgust on his face, “Have a good day.”
“Are you kidding me with this?” Pepper hears Hogan say as she shoves her clothes back on. “Are you hearing yourself right now?”
Tony looks up thoughtfully with a half-smile.
For a while he assumes that he’s digging a too deep, but it’s a little too obvious to require any manual labor at all.
But the thought leaves him when he notices the smile on Tony’s face, Tony’s intense absorption in what he’s observing.
He gives his best
“I heard that you are the go-to-guy where photography is concerned.”
“Could I get a little help here,” Tony nods again, this time over his shoulder, “the key is in my back pocket.”
Steve gives a small wave, blushing under the cameras, feeling terribly uncomfortable with the roar of the crowd.
There’s a companionable silence for the rest of the ride up, even the short walk to the room. Steve is still relieved when Tony wastes no time opening large doors to a balcony as equally posh as the room itself before offering Steve a drink.
Tony’s cheeks are flushed pink, giving his emotions away like a first class mood ring.
She places her hand and her head on his chest, blonde locks falling in waves over his firm torso.
The studio is packed, not a single empty seat in the house. Tons of eager fans sit cheering, not listening to what the talk show host is rambling on about, and none of them really caring what’s being said.
Steve hasn’t spoken much about his father. About his family in general. Tony finds himself wondering if that’s his own fault. Their entire time spent together revolved around the production and the script. Around pointless fights and Tony’s family issues.
“Can I come in?” Tony asks carefully. He’s only slightly surprised when a reluctant Steve finally steps aside for him to enter.
Tony walks down the studio corridor, a heavy box in his arms and a lollypop in his mouth. The red candy is making his already pink lips even rosier.
“I’m sorry, Rogers, did I say something amusing?”
Of late, they all tend to be negative in one way or another.
Tony breaths heavily, and as he opens his eyes the gentle light that the partially opened curtains are offering is just enough for Tony to see Steve’s head roll back. Eyes shut and brows furrowed, mouth agape in rough gasp as he finds his own release.
“I knew you’d be no help.” Hogan spits bitterly, making his way to the door. “If he calls you again, you tell him to call me right away.”
So Tony tries on a smile just to calm Steve.
*****
“I’ve been more of a father to him than Howard ever has.” Hogan frowns, looking away from Pepper, somewhat deep in thought. “I love him.”
that Steve has come to know over the past few days doesn’t give a damn about it being gelled and sparkly. Steve can’t decide which he likes better. Tony Stark or just plain Tony.
Howard pulls a photo from the docket, not caring which one it was. They’re all equally clear. Equally disturbing enough.
Tony nudges his head to the side to offer Steve a mute explanation and when Steve looks in that direction, he’s shocked to see Ms. Wanda standing some distance away. Ms. Wanda’s smile is gentle, completely knowing and comfortingly warm.
“Who is it?” the young lady shouts from the bedroom.
“Oh,” now it’s Sharon’s turn to feel uncomfortable, “I’m sorry to hear that.”
“You two need to watch him.”
“This is a cut-throat business, Sharon,” Brock shrugs. “And you know this. I also gotta keep a roof over my head. Either way, what’s done is done. Now if you back off from being all hostile, I might put you in on the deal. Say… forty percent.”
It happens instantly. Like raw steak being tossed in the middle of a pack of ravenous and rabid wolves. Microphones and flashes are suddenly all on Steve Rogers. A thousand and one questions are being thrown at him. A whole new wave of nervousness washing to shore.
“Where’s Tony?” Thor asks, taking everyone off guard.
Steve notices the genuine smile grace his father’s features and immediately picks up on who Joseph’s looking at. As if just remembering that Tony is there, he straightens up, clears his throat and wipes his remaining tears away. Steve hopes the embarrassment isn’t
Stan knows a picture’s worth a thousand words, and the pictures Brock showed up with were platinum. But, Tony’s glow seems to shoot all those photographs to hell.
Ms. Wanda laughs, giving Tony’s arm a back-handed swat before sighing.
Tony looks more baffled than thoughtful for a few short seconds.
It’s only been four years; no one could’ve expected Tony Stark to change
Tony counts the seconds until their lips collide.
But that was all the night before. And Steve knows Tony well enough to know that the boy is severely unpredictable.
But as he nestles into the pillows and sinks into the mattress, picturing Steve doing the same in that very bed, the most comfortable sleep almost instantly takes over.
Tony laughs and Pepper rolls her eyes.
“That one is just plain terrible,” the familiar voice causes Steve to spin around so quickly that he nearly knocks down several DVD cases when trying to steady himself. “Just a lot of bad ranch puns and honestly, there is nothing appealing about getting a bunch of hay up your crack.”
“I’m sorry ma’am,” the young man says politely with an apologetic smile, “the sign outside says you open at nine.”
In fact, Steve has followed Tony’s advice so well that they’re almost dressed exactly alike, save for the different colors. While Tony is in dark tones and silver chains, Steve is in a green top and snow-white shoes. Green really suits him, Tony thinks. It matches the color Steve’s face is changing.
“It doesn’t make a difference,” Steve scoffs.
“Something tells me you like it,” his boss quips, smile vanishing. All authority returning with a hint of something Steve has never seen before. Complete and utter need. Want. Desire.
He isn’t mistaken.
He can’t believe that Steve faked his emotions or didn’t feel what he felt whenever they kissed. He doesn’t want to believe that it had all just been a scam.
Hospital waiting room chairs are uncomfortable to sit on to begin with, Steve’s attempting to sleep on two pulled together.
“Listen, lady.” Brock stands, scratching a none-existent itch on his flat stomach. “
He frowns as Tony maneuvers himself onto his knees, sighs satisfyingly as he takes in the lovely curve of his boss’s ass, but refuses to do much else even as Tony bends readily for him. Steve knows what he wants and he has a strong feeling that Tony wants him take control.
Steve inwardly curses himself for not leaving his cellphone back at the hotel.
“It’s a special morning,” Steve shrugs innocently, “I needed us to be alone for this.”
The car horn behind him blows and his eyes snap open, reminding him of where he is. He isn’t in Steve’s hotel room. He isn’t in Steve’s arms. He’s in his car, the air-conditioning hitting his face so hard that any heat that had risen to his cheeks with personal thoughts of Steve won’t successfully stain them red.
He can’t admit to it, that would merely confirm defeat. Tony Stark is in full control of his emotions. He always has been.
Yet still, he has nothing.
“Forgive me, where are my manners,” she smiles at him over her shoulder. “I’m Wanda, but everyone in town calls me Aunt Wanda. Steve seems to prefer Ms. Wanda. But I guess you can choose whatever tickles your fancy. I’m a bit of a town celebrity myself, obviously nothing like you. I bet folks around here are gonna be thrilled to see you. All I get is extra fruit in my basket every now and then but you, I bet you-”
The revelation of Tony and Steve is one thing. Finding out about it pieced a lot of things together. For one, as he watches Tony speak to him even though he’s unable to take anything in, he notices a certain joy in the boy that Tony just never had before.
To say the place is busy would be an understatement.
“Nice to meet you Steven,” Tony practically purrs.
“Am I just, like, always pissing everybody off?” Tony asks.
“Relax,” Tony continues, “everybody knows it was just a publicity stunt, okay. We’re gonna go to the after-party, some poor sap is gonna get shit-faced and make an ass of themselves and someone else is gonna get it on camera and I swear, tomorrow, nobody is gonna care about what happened
“I already have plans with Steve,” Tony shrugs, “hence why I’m here.”
Pepper sighs, squirming out of Tony’s hold halfheartedly. “And note, I said
“Thanks for the ride over,” Steve says calmly, “I’ll find my own way home.”
“Not applaud.” Steve frowns. “Why did you kiss me?”
“Where is your phone?” Hogan scowls, barging into the hotel room.
“Where’s my-”
Steve follows Tony’s eyes to the flashing red light on the blackwood table with his abused lip still between his boss’s teeth and something inside him snaps. As if painted with a fresh coat of fuck-me-now, Steve pulls away from Tony Stark, yanks his pants off seamlessly and tosses the annoying piece obstruction towards the camera. Purposely missing it by an inch. Smiling down at Tony when it slowly becomes clear to Stark that Steve is finally getting the picture.
Steve turns his back to Tony, taking a few calculated steps towards nothing in particular. When he stops, he lets out an unsteady breath when he feels Tony’s hands on his shoulders.
“Smart-ass,” Hogan mutters and quickens his pace, leaving Tony to follow behind him.
It’s Steve who’s making him feel this way.
“Nothing,” Tony smiles. “Thanks.”
“I think you just got yourself a photographer,” Brock grins. “Mrs. ...”
“Okay, that’s enough,” Hill stands, “Thor, could you excuse us for a second.”
“Like that one show,
“I’m beginning to,” Steve scoffs.
Tony pulls his arm out of Hogan’s grip as they walk  down dark passageways. People are all rushing, up and down, all acting professional. None of them notice the silent argument Tony and Hogan are having.
He’s paying little attention anything going on in the room as they give each other orders to zoom in on camera two and roll to add breaks. Hogan’s way too on edge.
Tony wonders if Steve knows the kind of effect his hands have on him. And they aren’t even below his neck yet. Tony shivers at the thought, further deepening the maddening kiss if it at all possible.
And regardless of all his inward tantrums, he still feels it better that Tony drive him insane under his watchful eye than reading about what Tony’s broken in the Tabloids the next day.
“No, honestly,” Steve holds his straight face, not wavering once. “What
He’d known this part was coming. He isn’t quite sure if he’s ready for it.
“I know,” Steve finds Tony on the porch swing, “I know.” He says again, somewhat solemnly. “No there isn’t.”
Steve’s stomach heats up and his face flushes. He groans as his father laughs. “Don’t tell me you saw that.”
“You wouldn’t be if you knew Steve like I do.”
“Mr. Odinson,” Rhodey says delightfully, as he’s done countless times before. “Please, take a seat.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
He wonders how Steve had trusted her. Why he’d knocked at
Tony, however, doesn’t care too much for how he’s looking at Steve. Even from the short distance, as the guy drops his cigarette and stomps it out, Tony can see the predatory gaze being directed at Steve.
“As long as they constitute as right in his books,” Tony quips.
Then Tony had fallen asleep like that, still in his jeans and jacket. And Steve had smiled, wondering if the emotional strain of everything was the cause of Tony drifting off  mid-sentence.
“Say what you want,” Bucky shrugs, moving to his own cubicle, “but I’m always right about these things.”
Steve doesn’t have time to dwell on the fact that Tony has obviously done this before, possibly numerous times. He doesn’t have time to wonder if there really will be a ‘next time’ for him after telling Tony that he can ride bikes better and Tony laughing, saying he’d like to see that. Steve is still too busy reliving the feel of the motor vibrating up his legs, no space between his crotch and Tony’s bum as he clung to the man he wanted to throttle only hours before. The uptight, pain in the ass boss who was taking rebellious turns and ignoring warning lights with a laugh Steve had never heard before. A laugh Steve didn’t even know existed.
“Look, I’m not going to some party.” Steve scoffs,  shaking his head. “You don’t get it. I’m not one of them.”
Once again, Steve feels it.
Firstly, there’s the fact that Tony is four years younger than her. She tries to remind herself of this as he slides his hands up her shirt and caresses her gently. Then there;s the fact that she works for him. Focusing on that becomes increasing harder when he turns her around and gazes into her eyes. Then there’s the fact that Tony only ever shows interest in her when he’s under the influence. When he slightly doubts himself about something. As if he’s trying to prove something to someone by being with her, and kissing her, and making love to her. Remembering that fact, on the other hand, usually does the trick for Pepper.
One he just realizes he so desperately needed.
“Ya know,” Tony begins, “You may want to tell me why you hate that guy so much. I hate him too, but, of course for my own reasons. It would just be so much more fun if we did it together. We could get club cards and matching t-shirts and everything.”
No, Tony rethought. It all completely changed behind his back.
and Steve shakes his head.
*****
Tony laughs at the glare that Steve shoots at him.
Steve….? Mom…?”
The old lady is stubborn, but as Tony steps into the room, he’s glad he’s taken her up on her offer. He’s exhausted and the bed in front of him looks far too appealing.
“We gotta clean you up,” Steve finally grins, breathing still labored.
To be absolutely
“Right.” Stark frowns, running a hand over his goatee. “Back to the men’s department then.”
“I mean…” Peter relaxes a bit, unclenching his stiff shoulders. “I think they’re pretty cool. And I think you should
He tilted his head back, grimacing at the feeling of blood dripping down his chin. He’d given up the ice pack at this point; he was going to have a shiner no matter what. It sat on the floor between his legs. His phone was going crazy, vibrating violently in his front pocket; it was probably his father, calling him to ask what he did
“I’m sorry, Bruce,” Peter says. He glances at the ceiling. JARVIS has nothing to add and neither does he.
“Sounds alright with me.” Steve shrugs, still trying to seem nonchalant, even as his insides positively
seem to dislike is Reed Richards anyway. Tony would probably just tell the other three about Steve’s drawings and everything would be fantastic.
“I just – I guess I just want something new.” Peter lamely shrugs, trying to offer a weak grin. It thankfully goes unnoticed because he probably looks like he’s struggling to even muster a coherent thought. (Which is
about Vanessa; he’ll mention her in passing on occasion, but he never exactly goes off on tangents about how perfect she is or anything. Hell, until recently, Peter didn't even know that she
, Steve’s love life
he did. “What was I supposed to do – just let Stevie get walloped?”
find Thor Odinson attractive; the guy’s built like a freaking shit-brick house, like a God straight out of Norse Mythology. Literally
“Uh,” Wade glances down at his own phone and taps the screen. The faint sound fades away, and though it
, so May should be a no-brainer.
“Hope the punk appreciates the shit I do for him,” Bucky says, looking around. He
“I wonder if he thinks Bucky’s gonna be mad,” Sam says thoughtfully, suddenly appearing back at Steve’s side. He toddles on his feet for a moment before finally sitting on the stool.
“He didn’t deserve you,” Steve said so quietly Bucky almost thought he’d imagined it. He folded his arms, finally looking up. Something completely indistinguishable flickered along his face, but Bucky didn’t have the energy to ask.
From:
Steve looks over at Tony’s table; as usual, he’s sitting with Bruce Banner and Jennifer Walters, the three deep-in-conversation about… something. Probably something science-related, though from what he’s heard (or rather
She’s just
pass though. He passes with flying colors. (Or at least
The fluttering increased; there was no mistaking it.
~ ~ ~
They don’t need to do much: Sit a bit closer, hold hands, go to the movies together – simple stuff. No grand gestures. Much as he loves the guy, Bucky ain’t willing to do anything
“I’m – maybe later.”
, call the
,” Sam finally blurts out.
“Thanks, Sam.”
thinking that Tony and I are a
Bruce finally pockets his phone, still frowning. “What?”
The coffee shop sits alone. It’s her personal favorite, one she’s unwilling to share with the boys. For the
Steve looks up, finding a few fresh faces walk right on by without a second’s glance, but no sign of Bucky or Sam.
“Neena suggested a 90s station,” Wade continues, sounding completely normal. Not shaky (like Peter), not utterly
he does? Sort of? He gets a little sassy sometimes; I’m still workin’ out the kinks.” He shrugs again. “Just a little semester project, I suppose.”
she’s saying.
. You were so goddamn in love with him. It was hard to watch. He loved you in his own way, sure, but…”
Gwen slides her hands back and frowns, her eyes on her lap. “It’s Felicia, isn’t it?”
“What kind of game?” he asked, unable to hold back a laugh.
help Parker with his homework a lot; he
. So, he quickly relays. “Uh, yeah. Yep. Me and Steve. Steve and… me. We’re… dating.” The word lays heavy on his tongue.
“I mean,” Sam tilts his head, looking somewhere over Bucky’s shoulder, “if you wanna try, go for it. But I just don’t think Bruce is gonna be too keen on spilling shit about his best friend to a pair of
people – most prominently my ex and supposed best friend,” he smiles earnestly, “I have some, shall we say – bad habits?”
Try as he might, Steve couldn’t hold back a grin “Shut up, ya jerk.”
Jen tries to imagine it and can’t. Granted, she doesn’t really
Steve chuckled. “Don’t do that then. I don’t need you puking in Bucky’s car; he’d murder me.”
seriously makes him not give two shits. “Alright, I’m gonna head back. Let me know when you’ve got an
Thankfully, Tony nodded. He seemed strangely unaware of the dirt and blood on his cheek, though did absently wipe it with the back of his hand. His other hand tightly held Steve’s arm as he leaned against him. “I know my own house, Steven.”
Nothing new.
to say. It can’t be anything
understand. Heterosexuality is always going to be seen as the norm, which is ridiculous. Sexuality is a spectrum, after all, according to her gender studies class. “Would she have thought that she
apparently. Especially where Sam Wilson is concerned. “Least from what Nat told me.”
“If you get me fired,” Steve sips his coffee, only barely resisting pouring it over his best friend’s lap, “you’re paying my rent.”
She hurriedly makes her way to the door, closing it softly so that Tony can be alone.
“Uh,” Steve prolongs, looking at Tony. He’s really happy with just spending the day with Tony; Stan’s cancellation had actually made his day. Steve isn’t so sure he’s ready to drop his unplanned plans with his… co-star.
“I wish I could tell you something else,” Howard consoles, “but you deserve the truth. He was leading you on, Tony. And that right there is his collateral. He threatened your career with those; I had to pay him off.”
“Probably not,” Steve sighs, sitting up as well. “I guess I just wanna know what you’re thinking.”
“Hello,” Steve answers, sounding slightly unsure of himself.
It doesn’t work.
Hogan turns his attention to Steve who was perched on the ledge as if he wants to get in but is concerned that the chlorine might eat away at his skin.
When Steve returns to his room Tony is already lying in his bed, his outline under the covers like it belongs there. Steve walks quietly towards the bed, wondering if he’s asleep. Assuming he is asleep. Almost hoping he is, only because Steve hasn’t yet gathered his wits long enough to figure out exactly what he’s going to say to Tony.
Steve takes a moment to look from his hands to the boy sitting beside him. He knows Tony’s intentions, and he’s kind of grateful. But he can’t help feeling a little bit mocked even though he knows Tony’s heart is in the right place.
“You proposed to Mr-your-boss-Stark-,” Bucky sounds as if he’s learning the joys of speech for the first time. And then he’s eyes go worryingly wide as he practically squeaks out, “-on Valentine’s Day?”
“Can’t help it,” Steve grins, focusing back on the zombie he’s still trying to annihilate, “It’s addictive.”
, then the answer is simply, no. We didn’t break up because of that. You can say it was due to… artistic differences if you’d like. And if you’re talking about the orientation
He’s been so lost in just watching Tony’s peaceful form. The way his back moves as he breathes softly. The way his hair is all over the place, over his pillow. His long dark lashes are still and his pink lips are fuller. Lips that had been over his just last night.
“Cheers Petey,” Tony says, “Thanks for coming.”
Stan almost laughs, he can see right through the man in front of him. He can smell his trepidation, hell; he can see the bastard shake.
Tony considers the sound as he pushes deeper still, tasting Steve, letting his tongue explore while Steve unintentionally accepts wholeheartedly.
“Okay,” Tony nods. Steve exhales into the soft kiss that’s placed on his lips before they both move to get out of the water.
“Why?” Pepper asks, taking a swig from Tony’s energy drink.
Steve’s frantic protests go unheard and a second later that same raspy, drop-dead, sexy voice floods his ear. “Hey, Wonder Boy.”
“No problem,” She says, without so much as a glance in his direction as he leaves the office.
He has one last resort.
have anything to do with your sexual orientation?”
“You reckon?”
what you need. I can give that to you in a heartbeat, in the blink of an eye. But you have to make me a promise.”
“I’ll go help Ms. Wanda.”
“Can we do that?”
Once again, Hogan peers out of the kitchen window, overlooking his large pool area.
“Oh, lovely,” she says, taking it as he handed it over. “You ever done any modeling, Steve?”
“God please, Steve. Wait until it airs on Entertainment Now like the rest of my fans” Tony fans himself dramatically and they both laugh. Then Tony puts a game face on before slapping his hands together. “I do believe that interviewing me about an interview is not the reason you’ve been trying to get hold of me.”
He tries to move his arms and then realizes that he’s pinned.
Tony’s grin widens for two reasons.
“Hmm?”
Tony returns her smile. “Nightio.”
While many see him as the spoiled, womanizing capitalist he forges and writes himself to be for the media and industry, being with Tony was like unwrapping the exact same parcel daily yet finding a different gift inside each time. Steve knows all of Tony’s daytime quirks and nightly qualms. He knows what gets a smirk and what’s rewarded with a smile. Even the type of smile one should flee from entirely because nothing good can come from it regardless of how many wrinkles etch the corners of his beautiful eyes.
“You don’t have to get that,” Tony smiles, running his hands up her legs in the process. Pepper can’t believe that she is actually considering it.
He wants to keep it for as long as he can, the intricate design amusing him enough to arouse thoughts of getting a real one. Nothing as big though, he confirms, remembering how the thing looked when he’d turned his back to the mirror.
The words are almost a whisper.
“Hi,” is all Steve can manage, his heart thumping in his chest simultaneously with the bile rising in his gut. But then there is also something else.
“How is
Scott chuckles behind the camera, silencing the second Hill shoots him a look. She is deeply shocked, however, when she realizes Thor is laughing too.
“What have you done with Jarvis and why are you here,” Tony’s frowning, even as he accepts and fleetingly returns the
Turning on the television to see himself. Walking past magazine racks to see himself. His face is on t-shirts and Coca-Cola billboards and all he ever thinks about is how ridiculous it all is.
“You’re not making my job any easier, Tony,” Pepper tries to put on her annoyed look, but the lazy grin on Tony’s face proves to be contagious once again.
There’s something in Hogan that makes it look like he’s only just fully realizing this himself.
is supposed to be. Given the Wild West woodiness meshed with modern day furnishing and displaced grunge décor, Steve guesses the owner is having a hard time figuring it out too. But the place does have an abundance of the one thing he came there for. So deciding against letting his friend’s tardiness stand in the way of him wrecking his own sobriety, Steve heads straight for the bar and plants himself on the first bar stool that doesn’t look as though it might end up giving him Gonorrhoea.
“Are you serious?” Maria speaks from the doorway, grabbing everyone’s attention. Her arms are crossed over her chest and she’s leaning on the doorframe, a mocking smile on her face. “Are you hearing yourself, Howie? You want them to babysit your grown-up son. Apart from it not being their job, Tony isn’t a baby anymore. Maybe,” she says, entering further into the room, “maybe we should let him make his own choices. His own mistakes. As much as we hate this, it is his decision in the end.”
“There isn’t, Mr. Stark,” Steve supplies an answer when it becomes clear that Stark won’t continue without one. “I’m sorry, it won’t happen again.”
“That’s right,” Sharon nods smugly. “Thanks to you.”
“No,” Tony says, halting her progress by tightening the grip around her waist and brushing his lips against her neck. “There
And there it is.
It’s probably what Joseph was seconds away from doing before he notices movement in the room.
He has no doubt it is, which is why his hesitance intensified.
Steve doesn’t want Tony to realize what he’s doing.
“Are you kidding me?” Hogan looks at the large, black French iron gates that prevent unauthorized entry into the Stark estate, “I couldn’t even get a word in. He was relentless.”
Tony saunters into the office, karate- kicking the door closed comically. With a wide grin, he holds up a box of what Lee can only assume are donuts. The bewildered skip in Tony step as he throws himself in the chair across from Lee only tears Lee apart that much more.
But after the accident, everything changed.
“Sure thing,” Tony says, reversing towards the premiere’s backdrop because he knows it’s they’re the kind of shots all photographers want for their respective magazines.
“You don’t wanna talk about it,” Steve isn’t sure if it’s a question or an observation, but he’s prepared to listen either way.
And as if by pure coincidence, his eyes drop to the box beside him. The one on floor that has dividers stacked alphabetically.
He isn’t sure if it’s relief he’s feeling when it doesn’t take too long for the door to swing open.
Stan Lee rubs his hands over his face, both coming to rest over his mouth with his elbows propped up on his office table.
Steve still remembers the harsh things Bucky had said to him, with total disregard to what he was going through.
In his previous role as Robert Downey Jr, his on-screen life had been drawn out for him
“Don’t talk like that, Steve,” Tony’s frowning, “listen to me, I need you right now.”
It’s heard from the kitchen, long before Tony even storms down the wide staircase or crosses the entrance hall. It’s angry and determined and intimidating. And Steve can’t help but smile.
“It’s nothing I can’t handle, Mr. Harris,” Steve says lowly, realizing how painfully porno it sounds but loving the way it makes his boss’s eyes darken.
They both laugh as Steve crawls over Tony, the undisturbed side of the bed looking plush and inviting Only, Tony doesn’t let him get far.
“No more celebs, Dad,” Steve grins, grateful that Tony’s able to fake a chuckle at his father’s terrible sense of humor. “I’ll send her in, okay?”
“There’s this kid,” she continues, her all business-tone making Brock lose his smirk. “He’s a rising star. He’s been rubbing shoulders with the best in the business-”
“That’s not what it looks like on the second page of People Magazine,” Joseph Rogers chuckles. “Tell me, is kissing boys part of the job or is it just a perk?”
And then Tony swiftly rolls over, finding just the right place on Steve’s lap.
A look crosses Steve’s face. One that tells Tony he’s right. He gives a knowing sad grin, toying with the notion of it being too late. Something else inside him refuses to accept defeat. If only he knew what he was fighting this time around.
Apparently not so.
“Shit,” Steve curses softly, so enthralled by everything that he doesn’t notice Tony taking his hand. He doesn’t notice himself willingly entwining his fingers with Tony’s. He only notices when the car comes to a complete standstill just in front of a wide red carpet and Tony’s warm breath hits his ear - dangerously close and low.
“I never once claimed I could be trusted.”
They’ve been rehearsing just a few hours for days now, easily getting side-tracked when something in the script sparks up conversation. More times than not, they’ll end up leaving Steve’s hotel or Tony’s apartment to get a bite or catch a movie. Steve notices that Tony prefers to do it either when it’s too early for the town to be awake or so late that everyone is supposedly at night clubs.
It’s the logo of the men’s deodorant that he’s soon to be the face of.
“Tony,” he whispers.
Despite the situation, when Tony leans forward to kiss Steve’s neck, Steve feels his body react. Steve’s eyes flutter shut, mind completely taking in the sensation.
“Tony,” Steve pleads, holding onto Tony’s hips to slow his movement. Lord knows he doesn’t want to, but he has to save himself before falling deeper. Deeper than he already has. Has he been keeping it in that well? “Tony, I’m falling for you.”
“I don’t need you anymore,” Steve confirms, voice lowering. “I’ve got what I wanted. Just, stop calling me, okay.”
Steve doesn’t move, doesn’t speak.
He hears the name again. And then again. And then once more.
“I don’t blame you. It’s really old. Like, twelve years ago. I doubt I would have even gotten that gig if it wasn’t for my mother.”
“I’m sorry,” Stark straightens his collar, “do I have to speak slower, Rogers?”
Her face is similar to Tony’s. Not as akin as Howard’s, but he still feels Tony’s presence when looking at her.
“He had a prior engagement to attend to that must have just slipped his mind,” Hill smiles.
The old against the new, the known versus the fresh. It’s one long media stretch of who wears it better. It’s going to be a challenge.
“I took the liberty of speaking to some of those techy geeks earlier today,” Steve is unable to hold back his grin as Tony’s mouth drops slightly open, the dark haired man taking in the four simple words written in sharpie on the disk.  “Apparently this is actually the new software we’ll be using. I can stay and load it onto everyone’s PCs right away if you still insist. I’ve got pleanty copies so it shouldn’t take too long.”
They know they’re targets, their every move is being watched by vipers such as himself. They know that they are giving up the private life for one wherein their every move will be a headline somewhere.
“So are you ready to make an offer?” Brock speaks with fake authority.
“If we keep at this,” Tony breathes against Steve’s neck, prying the other man’s hand out of his pants, “the credits are going to roll before we even turn the camera on.”
“Do you wanna start maybe by telling us a little about yourself,” Hill says. She knows she isn’t the only one that notices how calm Thor is compared to the other boys. He holds the script professionally in his hands instead of twisting and folding and bending the edges. He looks right at home in the chair with his legs extended casually; the camera not deterring him at all.
“C’mon, Happy,” Tony shrugs. “I never said I was going to do it.”
And then nothing.
“So this kid is worth it?” Brock finally asks.
Steve laughs, only halfheartedly squirming out of Tony’s grasp, but Tony doesn’t budge.
