Right there underneath the beautiful green tree was a massive pile of presents in all sorts and sizes. But what really drew the attention was the shining motorbike standing besides it, there was even a red bow on top.
Phil was sorry? No one ever apologised to Loki... That was... Strange. Why would he do that? Even if Coulson had made a mistake, he was the head of the house.
"Hey, who said anything about afford? Obviously we won't make you pay for it. Jarvis? Get one of the empty apartments cleaned and ready for Stevie." Tony grinned at Steve's shocked face before turning back to look at his work. "Don't worry, we'll still cover your train costs going home for the weekend."
"Really." James promised softly before placing a fond kiss on top of Tony's head. "Can you- Can you tell us what he did to you? This wasn't the first time he hit you was it?" Bucky asked softly.
Barton nodded sharply and Potts huffed before motioning for Natasha and Steve to follow her. Once in the elevator she spoke up again. "Tony trust you two the most. I have a code to open the workshop, which will work. But I need you two to go in and talk to him. Me telling him his team cares isn't doing to work. That's something you guys should do."
He didn't get why they pretended to forgive him so easily. Forgiveness was earned, and Tony certainly hadn't earned shit.
Coulson smiled a little as he listened to the question. There were many things he couldn't answer, but that he could do.
Ah... Thor again with how his brother always lied. Apparently no one should believe anything the young student said.
He still didn’t want to believe Obie was at fault for all of this. He is a good friend and a good business partner, surely there was some other explanation to whatever horrors were inscribed on Steve’s memory.
‘Yeah,’ Steve nodded, sitting down next to his partner. ‘At first, Thor wanted to call the police and turn himself in. He thought he could not live with the guilt, but when he went back to his bedroom and saw his little brother sleeping, well, he just felt at ease knowing Loki would never be abused by him again.’
The god peaked outside through the small split between the curtains as he considered to get some breakfast. If he did though, he’d probably had to wake his brother, now noticing how two strong arms were clasped around his waist.
‘Well, there you have it,’ Pepper stood up from her seat as the two detectives remained silent for a moment. ‘Can we go now?’
‘“The Eye of Agamotto”… “The Hoary Hosts of Hoggoth”… “the Mystic Moons of Munapor”…?’ The trickster frowned, none of these titles making any sense to him. With one hand keeping a close grip on his dagger, he pulled out one of the books with his other hand. He then sat down against the wall and started to read the first pages.
‘Not now, J,’ Tony rolled his eyes and took his first sip, savoring the burn down his throat as he swallowed. ‘Just cancel all my appointments for today.’
The raven looked over his shoulder, petrified green eyes staring at the two, ‘no, sir. After Killian, w-well,
‘I will go in first,’ Peter said as he tried to steady his voice, taking deep breaths. ‘I can use the gauntlet as a flash-light. Thor, you walk behind me since, well, you’re already sparkling.’
‘Oh! I am! I am!’ Loki jumped up and down in excitement as he raised a hand but Peter was quick to lower it as he squinted his eyes.
‘It is quite alright, Loki,’ Thor wrapped his arms around his younger brother, who at first gasped and tried to push him away, but the blond made sure to remain by his side. ‘Now come on, brother. Surely the captain is here somewhere. It will all be over soon, alright?’
‘Aye,’ the god nodded as he now crouched down, causing Loki to move a few inches back. ‘Loki, how did this… what happened to you?’
‘Oh, don’t be such a stick in the mud, God-Man.’ Quill scoffed as he grabbed the nearest set of car keys he could find and pushed the trickster and Peter towards the door. ‘Okay, bye guys, bye Thor, bye other Avengers, bye!’ he said hastely, in the meantime pushing the two out of the door before anyone could comment.
Steve jolted at the loud roar which was followed by a sharp kick in his lower back. He stumbled forward and slowly but surely found his body complying to his master. He lay down on the table, shivering as the cold metal caressed his skin. He stared at the ceiling, feeling empty and numb except for the pain that still lingered in his bruising chest.
Tony, Steve and Wanda now turned their gazes to the doctor, who looked back at them with an offended frown.
The two gods then nearly jumped out of their skin as they heard a loud shriek coming from the kitchen, followed by heavy footsteps which seemed to run up a stairs. The gods ran into the kitchen, finding Peter who pressed a hand against Tony’s lips.
‘I know my baby brother, Mister Stark. I would have noticed,’ Thor squinted his eyes slightly. ‘I check on him when he goes to bed, before he goes to school and when he comes home. I help him with his homework, I go to his PTM’s! If Killian would have threatened Loki, I would have known!’
It didn’t take long for Steve to step into the playboy’s workshop, the sweet scent of soap following him, overpowering the smell of grease and sweat. He saw the playboy and smiled, cheeks rosy and body wrapped in warm and comfortable clothes.
He looked up as he suddenly heard a loud snore right above his head and stared straight into the face of his older brother.
Peter stared at the two in despair, ‘but what should I do? What should I tell them? “Oh hey, yeah, sorry I can’t run that errant for you, dad. I got banned from the store because I used it as a race track and ended up in a pile of freaking expansive toilet paper”.’ Peter let his hands run through his hair, a shiver running down his spine as he imaged the looks on his fathers faces. ‘Damn, Tony’s gonna flip, I just know it. And Steve… well I bet he would just let out this huge disappointed sigh and stare at me wondering how he got to be the father of a criminal.’
The god then shook his head as these words came to mind. Loki would never have wanted to stay under his own spell. He would never agree to this if it was not all by his own choice, and he would never forgive Thor if he would call the shots for him. Norns, he could already imagine his brother’s wrath once they would both be in Valhalla…
They were ready for whatever could happen. Though, none of them could ever have predicted what they saw...
Eyes shot open again and Tony stared at the man besides him. "Steve?" He muttered with a crooked voice.
The dark haired youngster trailed his shaking fingers along the soft sheets and swallowed thickly. He barely managed an audible thank you, but Phil understood and wished him goodnight.
"Tony? I brought bagels from that little bakery you like so much." Steve says cheerfully as he walks into a surprisingly dark workshop. Tony isn't in his usual spot, nor is he laying under one of his cars... The lack of loud music leaves an eery silence behind, making goosebumps form on Steve's arms. "Tony?" He tries again.
Bruce closed his eyes briefly, it became harder and harder to contain the anger. "Bullshit." He muttered. "There's always another way." His eyes flew open when Loki let out a humourless dark laugh.
Being kidnapped once, having a little water thrown over him, didn't compare to the many many times those spies had been interrogated.
"I'll keep that in mind ma'am, but I'd like to believe I don't judge a book by its cover." The new Personal Assistant said confidently.
And he had an asshole father. His father was in jail. But the skin on Clint his arms and back still wore the evidence of his youth.
Clint had gotten into trouble so many times, he was forced to meet with Phil twice a week. So once a week he talked to Steve in the hall before the office, they quickly became friends.
Okay so maybe Steve was freaking out a little. After a strange first day that mostly consisted on getting to know the lay-out of the top two floors, talking to Jarvis, and bringing Mister Stark lunch, Steve had gone home in a daze.
It was quite a relief when he woke up. "Please tell me nobody kissed me." He said, even though he kind of wished Steve had done so.
And so Phil quickly said goodbye to Bruce and Tony, promised to get some beers for the next day, and pushed Loki out of the school and towards his car.
One glance at the fond look on Steve's face, and Natasha slipped out. The Captain would take care of this.
Steve was frustrated as well. He didn't want to lose Tony. "How would anyone ever be able to know who their true love is? If 'normal' love doesn't count?"
"I'm glad you did." Steve answers softly, explaining further at Tony's sceptical glance. "If you hadn't I would still have had my head up my ass."
"Tony... When was the last time you slept?" Blue eyes filled with worry took in Tony's appearance as a large hand rested gently on his shoulder. Steve frowned pained when his boyfriend flinched at the touch. "Tony?" He asked in a small voice.
The man before him grins, his fangs showing clearly, and holds out a claw to shake. "Trust me, neither did I. Nice to meet you Steve." He said as he shook Steve's hand. "The name is Stark, Tony Stark."
But the councillor simply grabbed the wheelchair from the trunk and unfolded it. Opened the door for Loki, and carefully helped him move. Coulson pushed the chair inside the house and smiled softly at the feeling of coming home.
Honestly, if Steve hadn't seen half of this stuff in person, he would have assumed miss Potts got hit on the head.
Steve was standing before the shower, pushing a panicking Tony under the water. The engineer was breathing heavily, tears streaming down his cheeks, hands shaking, struggling desperately. Bucky growled and moved forward. He grabbed Steve's hair and pulled him back out of the room.
With a sigh, Tony focused back on his work. He had been getting distracted a lot lately, messing up in battles more and more. And now someone even got hurt. He really had to get his head back in the game.
So did Steve. No matter what Tony might be feeling. No matter how hard his stupid instincts might be pushing for him to reach out and hold the PA close forever, the genius pushed it down. It's why he scared Steve off on bad days. So no one would ever realise the full truth about his curse.
Bucky was watching old movies in the livingroom while Clint, well, Clint was hiding in the vents in the penthouse.
Steve didn't mind the long commute from Brooklyn to Manhatten. He got paid really well and his travel expenses were covered fully. So he had to get up earlier got home later, but he never had to worry about paying rent. Even better, he could take some of the worry off of Bucky's shoulders.
Then his arms, the shallow straight cuts were cleaned carefully and covered with soft clean bandages. "I have to ask." She said softly. "Did you do these yourself?" Pepper hated the fact she had to ask, but she needed to know. There was visible moisture gathering in Loki's eyes, but he didn't let a single tear go. Finally, there was a soft shake of his head.
Steve was still alive and perfect and... And Steve became Tony's number one. Steve. Perfect kind sweet caring handsome amazing Steve.
Tony slumped back in his chair, the bottle falling to the floor as he simply didn't have the energy to hold it anymore.
Tony blinked and suddenly laid comfortably in his bed, he was really exhausted and kept dozing off as Steve had carried him.
I saw him driving past, and my ankles hurt, so I waved. Maybe he wouldn't mind too badly to give me a ride as usual. But he drove past. Maybe he just hasn't seen me.
Clint looked ashamed while Phil shook himself for not realising. Coulson nodded gratefully to Natasha, who simply nodded back. They all had a rough past, least they could do was look out for each other.
Tony would later blame his exhaustion on the soft nod he gave, blame his intoxication on the way he easily let Steve drag him along and put him on the couch besides the others.
Clint laughs and pokes Steve with his elbow. "Didn't he show up covered in slime because he didn't want you to think he forgot even though all of Manhattan was covered in gross slime monsters?"
Tony kept silent and tried to hide how broken his heart was. Or would be. Steve came down to break up. He just knew it. What else would he want to talk about?
Of course, the agent immediately found the empty bottles and started throwing them away, pouring the full bottles down the drain until not a single drop of alcohol was left in the workshop.
of Steve's art. There's drawing after drawing of Iron Man. Most of them in epic battle poses, but a whole extra series of the armour doing all sorts of normal things like baking and shopping for shoes. It's... It's cute actually. And amazingly well drawn. The lines are so smooth and every drawing shows the strength of the metal perfectly. It's gorgeous. The contrast between the sharp armour and the soft actions is astounding.
I notice I have a grade higher than normal, for maths. I quickly check with the teacher. But it is correct. I scored rather high at the last test, and now my grade has gone up.
Whenever Steve got called away, Tony awkwardly kept Bucky company. It became less awkward over time, when they talked about more than their common closeness to Steve.
The Captain got to his feet and pounded on the door. "Hey! Anyone out there? I'm awake. You can open up now!"
Now the liking was a problem, because it meant Tony didn't want Steve to leave. He knew everyone always left eventually, but now his stupid brain hoped Steve would be the one to stay.
Said engineer was laying half upside down on the couch next to Bruce who just wanted to have a calm afternoon for Christ's sake.
At first sight, one would never guess they were friends. They looked completely different, and they were. But it worked, somehow.
Without a word he drags me off the bed and he makes me take my shirt off. I don't need an explanation for this. I was nine minutes late, that equals to nine straps with the belt.
Tony has initiated full lockdown, nothing goes in or out. Even his air supply is filtered from within.
It was very very silent once Tony stopped talking until suddenly a warm arm wrapped around his shoulders and pulled him close. "Oh god Tony... Who did this to you?" Steve whispered while pulling Tony almost on his lap, sketchbook long forgotten.
The chatter continued until everyone was seated at the dining table. Loki rolled in and bit his bottom lip. Would he be allowed to sit with them? After all, this was their safe place to hang out. Should he really be here uninvited and unwanted? He could go without dinner, he had had two meals today. He would be fine.
The nervous and terrified student looked up briefly to glance at Coulson before he nodded and kept his eyes firmly down once more. He walked inside and sat down on the examination table. A last nervous glance was sent Coulson's way as the door was closed and Pepper got started.
Fast forward a few months and Steve was able to walk into the workshop whenever he wanted. To talk, or just to sit and sketch. The two got along really well, they became very good friends. It wasn't until Coulson pointed out that they had to register their relationship for SHIELD, that they realised they had been going on dates for quite some time.
Natasha whispered to Clint that she saw those two growing closer by the second. Clint answered that he saw Bucky's eyes linger on Tony more often than not.
It took surprisingly long before Phil gave the order to pull Bucky out of that cell. James was pretty sure he could have done it sooner. But then again, the agent didn't exactly appear sorry for Steve.
It wasn't something Phil preferred when he had guests, but the wheelchair was too low to eat by the dining table.
Shuffled footsteps could be heard and Steve steeled himself for whatever he was going to see. He heard a pause in the footsteps, a mumbled "might as well get it over with", before his new boss stepped around the corner.
Thor was looking pissed off and started talking. Luckily they had their own spy. Bruce and Tony had developed hearing aids for Clint that could pick up sounds very far away. So they kept silent while Clint listened to what Thor was saying...
And he had an asshole father. It had been two years now since his father killed his mother. And the teenager was still trying to cope, living with his aunt and uncle, but his friends helped.
With Steve gone, Tony could think more clearly. Whenever the PA would be close, Tony's instincts screamed at him to do weird shit. Like drag Steve to his bed. Or
Soon the Avengers sat down around the table with dinner being divided over their plates, thoughts of their genius team mate pushed to the background.
Clint stopped from the vents after the bathroom door closed and waited while his hands clenched tight. He couldn't stop Steve on his own. He had to wait for backup. But it was killing him.
Clint peaked up first and grinned broadly. "I'm always up for a challenge. What is it?" The archer asked overly excited.
"Miss Potts. May I speak with you for a minute?" Ever so polite, even though he didn't really wait for her answer but just joined her in the elevator.
Loki quickly shook his head. "I don't need your help." He whispered softly and raised his head just a little to show red puffy eyes and a pale face. What shocked Bruce most however, was the large bruise on his right eye.
The lack of cheesy nickname threw Steve off, but he simply sat down and waited patiently, it was probably just a bad day, right?
A little while later Bruce knocked on Phil's office door. And only a second later a calm voice could be heard. "The door is open, come in."
Besides, no one had seen the engineer since he stopped the weapon production and locked himself away in his tower.
And indeed, a blond head with pleading blue eyes popped around the door opening and smiles. "Hey Tony, we haven't seen you for ages. Come on, join us for movie night?"
Surprisingly light footsteps announced Phil walking in with his bags of groceries and Loki tensed just a bit more when they froze in the door opening.
"Of course Sir." The student quickly pushed his notebooks back in his bag and sat up perfectly straight despite the welts on his back aching.
Phil's calm voice poked through Loki's dark inner monologue. "Loki..? Loki. You are not kicked out." Phil said softly, causing Loki to be confused. "You don't have to go back. We will find you a place to live, we will arrange your college bills. I want you to take some tests, make them as good as you can. Because I believe you can easily get an academic scholarship." Coulson quickly reassured the scared kid.
The older man sighed softly and put the plate on the table before calmly loading both plates with food. "Let's eat in the livingroom."
"H-home?" Loki whispered shocked. Home. It was a word without feeling, he didn't know what a home was. He had always wanted to know though. "I... It's really not necessary." He whispered instead. He didn't want to be a burden after all. This man had offered him so much help, he couldn't ask for more. "I can go to..." But where could he go to? Nowhere. He didn't have any other options. Loki was so scared to agree, he wanted to, gods he wanted to. But he was stuck in a wheelchair, useless. How would he earn his keep?
For years he designed weapons and not once did he bother to check if things were being handled decently. Oh no, he made bombs that could take out entire cities, and he didn't care where they went. He blindly assumed the "right" people were buying, never doubting his right hand man.
Phil accepted Loki's silence and quickly wrote down his number. After assuring Loki knew where the phone was, and telling him to call when anything happened, Coulson left.
The walls are pretty bare, and my bed isn't always comfortable. Sometimes I have bruises or muscle aches and then I can't really sleep well. Like this night, my side still throbs a little, so I haven't really slept much.
Tony was too shocked to respond while Bucky spoke. It didn't make sense at all. The three of them? Tony was still a genius and could quickly process new information. Only the conclusion was too strange.
The writing feels nice, like someone is listening. But no one can read this. I will burn these pages and never hand them in.
Bruce was actually surprised Tony wasn't slurring yet, for he appeared very drunk while mumbling the words seemingly to himself.
On top of that, there has been this weird prank war between Clint and Thor. And even weirder, they kept trying to involve Tony.
Steve took a step forward without thinking, his heart ached for this man he grew to love. It had long grown past a crush, he was only fooling himself. But he couldn't just- just kiss his boss?
Most people thought it was the kidnapping that changed Tony. That made him swear off weapons and focus on clean energy. That changed him from the ever drunk playboy to something resembling a responsible adult.
Natasha was a very private person. She was also known for her skills in espionage and deduction. Truly, it was a miracle she didn't notice it sooner.
Bruce smiles and nods. "All ready." He answers before briefly glaring at Tony. "Talk to Steve or I will." His eyes soften for a moment and he looks intensely at his smaller friend. "He doesn't hate you Tony. And he isn't going to kick you off the team."
I've also created a tumblr page where I will post old fics, take requests, and give hints for new works. Go drop by! @awesomegoddessoffanfics
"Mute." Tony grumbled as he stumbled to his feet and towards the suit. He couldn't leave the others to themselves just because he was suffering from some heartbreak.
"Look Steve, it's alright, you don't always have to hang around your boyfriend. You can live your own life." Clint said as he chopped some vegetables.
And Phil's heart ached. Had there been anything else in this boy's life but fear and pain? Coulson would change that. He would. "How about this." The counsellor started after thinking for a moment. "We let Thor come here, we will make sure he cannot harm you, and we explain the situation. If he wants to leave his home, we can help him. And else we can make sure he will never harms you. He will be removed from this institution if needed."
Banner and Stark drove past as well, they pulled over and offered me a ride. I declined, father would be angry if he thought I was making friends.
"I don't... I don't understand." The genius whispered softly, not taking his eyes off Steve in case this was all just some messed up dream.
The brunette blinks a few times and groans. "Coffee first. Talk later." He mutters before dragging himself out of bed and away from Steve's warm arms. Tony instantly regrets it when his head pounds even worse while a shiver runs through him. Steve stays silent while following Tony out of bed, offering the groggy engineer a sweater without a word.
Pepper pushed him forward. "Please." She whispered behind him. "We have nothing to lose. Even if there's the smallest chance... Please..."
Just as he stumbled into the kitchen, hunting for some coffee, he heard the team talking and laughing in the livingroom.
Natasha throws a piece of her popcorn at the glaring archer while answering. "We were just talking about how much he looks like you." She explains while smiling sweetly at her fellow agent.
Phil pulled a face that suggested he was not exactly pleased with either thought and silently put the stool in the shower. "Please try to walk as little as possible? You need rest to heal." Coulson said softly as he helped Loki up and out.
Steve brushed some hair out of Tony's eyes and nodded. "I'm sorry Tony. I'm so darn sorry. I should have realised-"
The two were sitting next to each other at the breakfast bar in silence which was finally broken by Tony's soft sigh. "Look Steve, I got drunk. I didn't mean to send that thing."
"Tony... You're almost falling asleep right here. Come on, you need to sleep. I came down to talk... But that can wait." The supersoldier simply lifted Tony up, told Jarvis to save the man's work, and carried him towards their bedroom.
"Tony? Are you alright? Everyone has been trying to contact you for days..." Bruce said worriedly while holding a steaming mug of tea close.
Tony didn't move. He stared at his workbench while a cold ache hurt his chest. This was the best for Peter. It was.
"Yes ma'am, I understand. I won't tell a soul I promise." And he meant it. Whoever this was, they must have a good reason to keep hidden, and Steve was hardly one to judge.
Before he left he threw a hand of crumbs on the floor. My dinner. I am too hungry to care. So I ate from the floor like a dog.
"Sir? I mean, mister Coulson, c-could I... Maybe... B-borrow the wheelchair? I ca-can't..." He could roll the wheelchair towards Coulson's home. If he could find it. Hopefully it wouldn't be too far. He was just so tired.
It was obvious the thin boy didn't like having attention drawn to him, and therefore Phil turned to Bruce first. "How may I help you Bruce?" He asked in his every calm voice as he motioned for both boys to have a seat.
As he tinkered on his favourite car, the bottle half empty and a pleasant buzz clouding his mind, he realised he was truly happy they had each other. Steve deserved so much more than Tony could ever give him.
"Nope." Tony says with a popping sound on the P. He shrugs and feels himself smile softly. "If I had known it existed sooner I would probably have been following it already."
Something was missing though. When Tony went down to the workshop leaving behind a sad looking Peter. The workshop felt empty without Peter's chattering.
Tony loved the Captain with all of his damaged heart. They had been together for a few months now, after having lived in the same tower for years.
It took him a moment to realise the sounds he heard were soft pants and muffled sobs. Someone else was hiding here distressed. But it didn't sound like Clint. Besides, the archer would probably be in the range to calm down.
Clint watched shocked as his friend left and immediately crawled back into the vents. He had to talk to Natasha right away.
Now they all had one day a week to talk to Phil, and the invitation to walk in whenever they needed a safe place to vent. Natasha was dating Clint, Steve was dating Tony, and Bruce had full control of his anger issues.
All hope had left those brown eyes. And the only thing that was left was a constant fear, pain, and acceptance.
I- I talked to him about it. He told me that he could leave if I wanted him. So I begged him to stay. Working and eating at regular hours didn't seem too bad.
First things first, Steve's present. The most important thing. Tony had actually gotten better at gift giving and realised that something with time and effort put into it meant a lot more than the price tag. So instead of buying something, Tony designed and built a new bike for Steve himself.
Steve was sitting on the couch, sketching the scene before him. Tony and Peter, side by side, working on a pile of metal and wires looking like a dog. Or something roughly resembling one anyway. Peter was practically beaming as he gave his dad a lecture about colour coding wires. Tony just grinned fondly at his son with his adorable too big safety goggles that covered half his face.
Then, suddenly, a loud laugh is heard, followed by an annoying giggle. Thor and Clint are laughing loudly, not saying a word, just laughing.
Bruce followed in quite a similar matter only he immediately got dragged to a nice fancy shiny lab and proceeded to not leave the space for the next three days.
Loki's thoughts were broken by a soft knock on the door. "Loki? Breakfast is almost ready. Are you awake?" Phil asked gently through a closed door.
"Wow, Steve, calm down. I'm not mad." Tony quickly says, holding up his hands in the universal sign of surrender.
Tony woke up from an alcohol induced nap to the alarms blasting and Jarvis projecting information on the wall.
"It is necessary, you deserve a safe place. A home. Come on, it has been a long day. We can both use some rest." Phil said calmly as he got up, grabbed his bag, and pushed Loki out of the office.
Hearing them talk and laugh reminds me of how I am an intruder in an otherwise perfect family. A loving mother, a hard working father, a popular son, and a dog. Only I have taken the place of the dog.
Tony gently shook his head and told Peter to eat his sandwich. "You should be in the class with kids your age Petey, now eat."
Just when the Captain nodded and set to tearing the world apart to find his boyfriend, the alarms blasted.
Tony looks up surprised as Steve blurts out his disagreement. "It would be too dangerous Cap." Tony continues slower, confused and slightly hurt. Is that it? Does Steve want to kick him off the team and make someone else pilot the suit? Because Tony knows he's not a good teamplayer but he would never be able to give his suit to-
"Tumblr name?" Bruce fills in, coughing softly to cover up the laugh threatening to spill out at the indignant look Tony gives him. "I don't know why you're so upset about that, it's just a Tumblr page."
The dark haired student took a moment to simply sit and rest his aching muscles. He remembered miss Potts telling him to take his painkillers regularly, but she had only given him a dozen or so. If he took them now, while the pain was still manageable, he would no longer have any by the time he would really need them.
Tony liked Steve. Which was rare, since he hated most people. Or, they hated him and so he automatically disliked them. But Steve was different. He didn't run off screaming after all.
At first, Steve didn't know what to do. Over time he learnt it was best to go into the workshop silently, leave food everywhere, and leave again. Because the first time Steve walked in on a bad day was not a pleasant memory...
On the far left was a boy with brown curls and glasses, he was curled up on himself a little, and smiling shyly at the jokes the others made. Sometimes he made a soft comment that would make the others roar with laughter. His name was Bruce Banner.
He totally wasn't working himself to the bone trying to create a perfect Christmas this year so maybe Steve would want to celebrate it together again sometime.
Steve wrapped his hands around his mugs and frowned lightly. "You do not have to apologise Sir, I understand-"
Someone offered to help him. Maybe, just maybe, things would become a little better. Just a little. He didn't expect much, but if only he wasn't sent to his room without dinner as often, he would like that. Not that it mattered what he liked, he would accept whatever he got.
The blond cut himself off at Tony's mildly amused sceptical look and huffed. "You're right, I don't understand. But it's fine really, everyone has bad days sometimes." Like Bucky, who would refuse to get out of bed on Bad Days. Or Natasha, who went to the shooting range. Or Steve himself, who would sketch until his fingers cramped.
The day already began strange. Phil had helped Loki up the stairs the previous night, made him take his meds, and showed him a small but comfortable guestroom with a small bathroom attached to it that held a shower and a sink. There was just a bed with soft light blue sheets, a dresser, a nightstand, a mirror, some landscape painting, and... A window. A big widow that could open, with nice green curtains.
‘He didn’t know,’ The blond repeated and he looked at his partner. ‘Come on, Stark, we’ve gotta go.’
‘Yeah, I always have this room at the ready, never know when you need it.’ He chuckled as Steve tilted his head at an old gramophone record player. ‘Used to belong to my dad.’ He walked closer and opened a wooden box filled with records. ‘No idea if it still works though. What kind of music do you like?’
After a seemingly endless lecture on responsibility, safety and shopping carts from a manager, who seemed to be about done with his life, the three Avengers were sitting outside on the sidewalk in front of the store. The summer sun was starting to go down, leaving an orange hue over the usually grey and dull parking lot.
I truly hope you have enjoyed this fic, and would like to thank you all again from the bottom of my heart!
‘Okay, good, so this is all one big… unfortunate mistake,’ Peter quickly said as he jumped in between his father and boyfriend. ‘Let’s just focus on what to do next, okay?’ the teen looked at the hole in the wall through which the captain had escaped.
‘Me neither…’ Another silence, both gods sighing simultaneously, and the raven continued, ‘maybe we should pray? Mother always said that the Norns guide us to pleasant dreams, maybe they think we are still in Asgard and just do not know we are in Midgard right now.’
It was at that moment that Sam nearly skipped into Rogers’ office and turned to face the man. He held the blond’s face in his hands and smiled brightly. ‘Thanks, Rogers,’ He pressed a kiss against the man’s cheek and ruffled his hair. ‘Starting next month, I’ll be earning a hundred bucks extra! Fury agreed with the raise!’
‘If you ever… EVER… tell anyone about this,’ Tony threatened, both his face and voice turning dark, ‘I will punch you in the throat with a freaking cactus!’
The teen slowly looked up; amber eyes filled with fright staring straight at the genius. It was then that Tony’s eyes widened, the child’s face now uncovered. Short, brown, messy curls framed a pale face as his lips were pressed in a thin line. ‘Wait, I know who you are… You’re… Peter, right? Obie’s nephew?’ He frowned. ‘Why are you here? How did you even get here?’
‘Steve?’ Tony cautiously walked towards his boyfriend whose back was now turned to the avengers. ‘Steve, honey, you okay?’ He crouched behind the captain and placed a hand on the man’s shoulder.
‘So that’s why Killian offered his help,’ Tony said as a line formed between his furrowed brows. ‘He didn’t want to help her out of kindness, he wanted to gain her trust.’
‘It is okay, your touch cannot take my life. I am not of mortal blood, remember?’ Thor said, a worried expression on his face as Loki still took a step back. ‘I just… these bewitched sweets, are you absolutely certain it will relieve the curse?’
The billionaire looked up, meeting Stane’s puzzled gaze as he was standing on the front porch. ‘Obie,’ Tony walked inside, Steve following him like a shadow. ‘We need to talk.’
Steve tried to stay as quiet as possible, fighting each sob and wheeze. He trembled on the cold table, pain and fear wrecking his body. He did not dare to move nor make a single sound.
,’ Steve said as a soft blush colored his cheeks. He then noticed the hammer and prototype shield which Tony had tried to convince the captain to use. ‘So, are you our guardian?’
Thor sighed, then whispered harshly through clenched teeth so his little brother would not hear it. ‘Listen, Loki has this thing with knifes and daggers and for some reason, of which I am still not certain, they always end up in my back or chest or somewhere else in my body!’ He then took a deep breath, ‘Also, do not teach an eight-year-old that it is okay to play with knives.’ He grumbled but the soldier didn’t look impressed.
‘Bingo,’ with a blink of the doctor’s eyes, the two were now in the lounge room, sitting on a lazy chair. ‘Now, about y-’
The doctor sighed and he crossed his arms, ‘Look, Loki… kid, I wasn’t trying to-’ but as the doctor saw the tears dripping down the raven’s face, he changed his sentence. ‘Uhg, why am I even bothering?’ He reached out and grabbed Loki by the back of his shirt, causing him to hang by his grip like a little kitten.
‘Yes, this is your room, Loki.’ Thor sat down on the trickster’s bed and stared into the simplistic, almost clinical chamber. His brother didn’t have much personal belongings except for a closet with his clothes and shelves filled with rows and rows of books. In the corner of his room stood a dark oak desk, a pile of books, some pens, and a small lamp standing on top of it. And finally, there was his bed, the only item which showed any form of luxury as it was a top brand furniture. Loki always valued his good night’s sleep.
‘Only this time, Killian was somewhat drunk,’ Steve continued grimly. ‘He scared Loki, Loki resisted-’
Hi everyone and welcome to this new chapter. I just want to give you guys a warning cause this one might have some themes which might be a trigger for some people... I don't want to spoil so I'm not going to tell you what it is right now so if you want to know what the warning is for, please ask in the comments before reading and I will be happy to answer you. Again, please proceed with caution :)
‘What?’ Stane frowned, then noticed what Peter was referring to. ‘Oh, yeah. Dumb beast gets himself injured all the time. Now come on,’ he placed his hand on the teen’s back. ‘In you go.’
, at first, but then he saw the work I did and offered me his help running the place. I did agree on that, and we have been working together ever since. Our relationship is-
‘I am relieved to hear that I am not the only one who thinks so,’ Thor smiled somewhat and looked at his empty glass. ‘I was already afraid it was just me.’
With a bright smile, the raven ran after the blond. He turned the corner as well but immediately stopped in his track as he saw that another man was now talking to the god and he hid behind one of the cabinets. As he could only see the man’s back, he saw that he had brown hair and a red cloak, but other than that, the raven could not make out who he was.
‘…Fine,’ Steve sighed as he closed his notebook. ‘We will ask Mister Odinson to walk his security round alone tonight.’ He smiled at the soldier and stood up, ‘you can stay here and think things over.’
Tony winced at the blood-soaked sheets, wanting nothing more but to burn them. ‘Think you can stand?’
‘Oh, yeah, well, I haven’t played in a really long time, but it looks like I still know the rules, at least.’ Steve shrugged with a slightly beaten down smile as he looked at the board, thinking about his next move. He picked up a white knight but rethought his action and placed it back on its original spot.
‘So, they all went from hardly knowing him to hardly standing him,’ Tony said and took a sip from his coffee. ‘Wanda and Pepper claim that they were asleep, which is not much of an alibi. And Thor and Bucky are covering each other with their little security round story… and then they went to sleep as well, so…’
‘I want you to keep Fury off my back,’ Steve smiled as he already walked out of his office. ‘He gave us twenty-four hours to find evidence and that time’s almost up. Distract him, make sure he doesn’t bother me.’
The AI did as Tony commanded; the culprit now clearly in sight as he seemed to struggle to breach the highly secured building. ‘He seems a little young,’ Tony noted. ‘Armed?’
in some form of romantic relationship.’ The man’s eyes trailed towards the blond for a split second, knowing that Steve must have heard him even though he did not meet his gaze. ‘You invited him to spend the night at your mansion, right? And not just once.’
‘Hey, I put your brother on that list for good reasons and you know it,’ Strange looked at the god with a sharp eye. ‘He attacked Earth, twice. A total of 88 billion dollars in property damage and, miraculously, “only” 291 reported casualties, and that is just for New York, I’m not even counting the time that he brought the, uh, what was it again? Asgardian Iron man?’
‘Oh, come on, you don’t seriously believe I would do that, right?!’ the man said, now looking at Thor for back-up.
?’ he asked, only now noticing how the child nearly drowned in the oversized dark blue dress shirt he was still wearing.
‘Let’s see…’ Loki mumbled to himself as he looked at the ancient potion book levitating in front of him, reading every step with care. He looked from the parchment to his cauldron which stood brewing on a small fire. ‘Now, to add the final ingredient,’ he leaned over his worktable, studying the dried herbs, critters and amphibians that were carefully displayed.
"Loki, I want to believe every word on that paper. But I have to ask you to meet with someone else before I can help you. The school nurse, her name is miss Potts, she will give you a full physical rapport. We can use that to get you safe." Phil explained to the terrified looking teenager. "She will make sure whatever injuries you have are treated, and she might make a few pictures for documentation. Nothing will be shared without your permission. Would you do that?"
After both saying goodbye, Loki left, feeling a small spark of hope somewhere deep within his heart. It refused to be pushed away, burning steadily and warmly.
you're not your father." The supersoldier said seriously and a little pained, reaching out to take Tony's hand. "Peter
Even before his eyes got used to the light, Tony knew who it was. The warm metal in his hand gave it away with ease. "Barnes... What are you doing here?" He whispered as he kept staring at the wall before him. He didn't want to watch one of the men he loved break things off. It would make it all too real.
Natasha sits down beside him and rests a hand on his knee. "Tell us what you've seen." She whispers softly, glancing at Clint who looks ready to go punch a certain super soldier.
Just earlier this day the Avengers had moved back in the tower. And Stark just didn't get it. After everything, after all he did... they still came back.
"Yes, two seats. And two people. A perfect fit." Phil said before helping Loki in without any further argument. Loki didn't dare. Coulson would find out about how horrible he was soon enough, and until then the student would take whatever kindness he could get.
Rhodey was flying in to spend some time with him in his last days. His best friend knew him too well and didn't respond to his cursing and shouting. Tony had even growled at Pepper to try and get her to leave, but she had just gotten a little teary eyed while telling him nothing he could say would make her leave.
If anyone noticed the small shiver running down Tony's spine they didn't say anything. "Missed you too." He answered softly.
Again, Loki attempted to leave, not expecting to be welcome. And again, Phil smiled and ushered him back in. "They're watching Cinderella. It's a  classic story, nice and sweet ending." The councillor explained before excusing himself and leaving the young adults to it. He trusted them to take care of each other.
Thor just huffed. "Probably because Loki did something again. Why is he in a wheelchair? Did he get in a fight?" The sneer that layered the words shocked everyone present, everyone except Loki.
It didn’t take long before Stane’s face popped up, confirming Steve’s story. Videos of him plainly abusing and raping the doll, blood splattering everywhere as multiple SM toys and weapons passed by. Collars, restraints, whips, knives.
‘Okay guys, here we are!’ Peter said as he looked up at the large blue brand name on the front of the building. ‘We should be able to get what you need here, Quill. If Walmart doesn’t sell it, no one will.’
‘… Of course, Loki.’ Thor smiled as he scooted back a little, making way for his small brother to lay next to him. He wrapped his strong arms around him, holding him against his chest as he made sure the trickster was covered in blankets.
‘He had the opportunity and a heck of a motive,’ Tony was the first to talk, his voice small. ‘Killian abused him for over half a year and that last time, well… he just couldn’t take it anymore.’
‘We’re still not really sure on that,’ Tony mumbled as he admired the art decorating the rooms they passed. The mansion was just as impressive on the inside as it was on the outside. ‘Why do you ask? You think someone murdered him?’
‘Pleased to meet you, sir Quill,’ The raven said timidly as he took a step back to hide behind his brother. ‘I am Loki, prince of Asgard.’
Loki quickly moved next to Tony, trying to help him up, ‘I-I am so sorry, sir!’ he said as he gathered some papers which Tony had dragged of a nearby table in his fall. ‘Are you alright…?’
There was silence until a soft "alright daddy" was heard. Tony felt horrible, but knew this was better than the alternative.
The two guys collapsed and Loki fell backwards. He closed his eyes and bit back a scream when he landed on the agitated welts staining his back. Clint helped him up while apologising and gathered the essay Loki had dropped. He read the heading and nodded. "The writing of an essay. It does help huh?" Clint asked but didn't make a move to give the papers back.
The day Coulson dragged Barton along, she carefully cleaned his cuts, bound them up, and sent him back to Phil with a scribbled note.
Thor goes upstairs to his bedroom to play video games and talk to his wrestle friends. Mother goes to sleep early, she often gets up early for her work.
Tony starts crying softly, all the emotion becoming too much again. Friday clears her throat, or makes a sound similar to that, before speaking up softly but clearly.
Once convinced no one would miss the food, Loki ate. Quickly. The leftover pizza was gone within a few minutes. As if afraid they would change their minds, Loki had eaten as fast as be could.
Clint bailed from the game and groaned when he saw how bad Natasha's cards actually were. "You're right. Steve will be good for him."
Obi had put Tony rather high on the list. Mostly because he was his key to the company. The Company being number one on the list. Power two, and Money three. Tony actually ranked four.
And yet, it burnt within his chest. Refusing to extinguish. Maybe he was worthy? Maybe he had finally payed his dues. Maybe... maybe he could lift it?
Obviously his human brain appreciated the view. Steve was adorable, a cute firecracker who would probably kick his ass if he ever called him that.
And yet... the hero flinched when he heard the elevator doors open earlier than they should. There he was. Captain America.
It didn't take long to arrive at Phil's house. A simple but nice looking home. Complete with white picket fence and a red mailbox.
Steve really started pounding now, using his full strength to try and work the door open. It didn't move an inch.
He had to drag himself up from the chair to grab a pot, biting his lip to silence a pained whimper, but otherwise everything went rather well. The small burn on his palm from the hot water hitting his skin while draining the pasta was barely anything.
There was still time left, but Loki did not know what his other chores would be yet. He also couldn't hide in his room, since he did not know which room he would be staying in. And so he put the TV on softly and watched some scientific documentary about plasma. It was rather interesting.
Tony blinked a few times as his drugged mind tried to process the information, he immediately tried to sit up and shook his head. "Oh hell no. You need the air support. With Thor gone you can't go without m-"
Clint clears his throat and softly answers. "Perhaps it's time one of us just breaks their privacy and takes a look into that penthouse."
It was only a matter of days now, and he had postponed things for too long. It was just so easy to fall into a comfortable routine with Steve.
Steve saw Tony become alarmingly pale and quickly continued. "He wanted to know if he'd done anything wrong. He asked when he could go back to your workshop again."
And the genius agreed. After all, Bucky was Steve's best friend and boyfriend, Peggy was his first crush. Tony was just... There. But it was alright, Peggy had married and gotten children. And Bucky died decennia ago. Tony would be fine.
It was rather early on in the day, and normally Phil wouldn't be home for many hours. But today, tomorrow, and probably the whole weekend, would be focussed on making Loki feel a little safer.
Phil had an idea, it was obviously hard to talk for this boy, it was probably beaten out of him. But there were other ways to find out what was happening exactly. "Alright, I am going to give you an assignment for today. Then I want you to come see me again tomorrow, and we will discuss it." He suggested and continued after receiving another small nod. "I want you to write a short essay, about your day. Write down as much detail from waking up to falling asleep, describe environments, situations, and try to write down how you feel at each turn of events. Is that something you could do?" Coulson asked calmly.
Tony just knew things would end in flames. He would annoy Steve until the breaking point and be pushed aside. It was inevitable.
Of course Tony can't help but snort, it's not everyday you hear Captain America use that expression.
Natasha slipped out of the room so it was just the two of them. Both crying, both clinging to each other. Neither one of them willing to give up blame to what happened.
As the two stopped before a double door with an electronic lock, Steve looked out the window and only now realised how high up they were. This must be pretty close to the penthouse...
Pepper smiled again and handed him a thin stack of paper. "Read these through first, if you'd still like the job, you can come return them signed tomorrow and start immediately."
A trip to the shop next door gave him toothpaste, a toothbrush, and some soap. He had the rest spare at home.
Steve nods slowly and gets a weird thoughtful look on his face before blushing which surprises the hell out of Tony.
Loki was completely wrapped up in the documentary. He had always loved learning and studying. Even though it was immensely frustrating having to hide his knowledge.
Phil had told him he did not have to do any chores until specifically ordered to do so. The embarrassment of making a meal for no reason was still fresh in his mind.
Phil read the essay carefully, feeling the blood drain from his face. This was so much worse than he thought, and he had sent the kid back there. But now came the most difficult part, collecting evidence. The papers were carefully put aside and Clint softly slipped out.
The team. Not his team. He never quite fitted in with them. Used to wealth and comfort instead of pain and suffering.
Three weeks ago Pepper walked in asking about the annual Christmas gala that Stark Industries would host. Three weeks. Tony had almost forgotten about Christmas. So he set to work.
He also kept his eyes hidden quite often. And wore the makeup he usually only used for important press conferences.
Bruce his hands were shaking a little, Steve wrapped an arm around his shoulders as Tony tried not to leave to go kill Odin himself.
On the brunette's left was his boyfriend. Broad shoulders, a warm smile, and blond hair always perfectly combed. He blushed whenever Tony made a flirting remark, and made sure no one did anything to get them into trouble. Unless it was fun of course. He wasn't a boyscout, even though his boyfriend insisted he must be. His name was Steven Grant Rogers.
Steve smiled at his teammates, all white teeth and sunshine. He saved Tony for last, pulling the smaller man against his chest and kissing him lightly. "I missed you."
Miss Potts did not seem surprised when Steve walked into her office at nine o'clock sharp with the contracts already signed. She simply smiled and had a copy made of the signed papers, handing Steve the copy and keeping the original for the company.
I got late, I tried running, but my ankles still hurt too much. I misstepped, and now the right one is swollen some more.
The Avengers stare at each other in shock, before being interrupted by Natasha slapping Clint on the back of the head. "Ty durak?" She snapped in Russian. "Posmotrit, chto ty nadelal."
It would be over soon now. Bucky had come back to the tower, finally, and now Steve was spending every free second with him to help him heal. It hurt to watch them together. Tony loved Steve and understood why the blond loved Bucky.
Now, I have already received a few comments from people asking why this story only has 6 chapters, so, because of all the enthusiastic comments, I decided to add a new part :). Chapter 3 and chapter 4 were originally one chapter, but I divided them and added some new material! So now, instead of 6 chapters, this story is now 7 chapters long! Hurrah!
‘You like those?’ Tony asked as Steve seemed to be particularly interested in some sketches drawn on a glass board. ‘They’re just some simple outlines, nothing special. I think I even made that one when I was drunk.’ He chuckled as he pointed at a very badly drawn robot. ‘I was so drunk I created some sort of superhero and, apparently, drunk me thinks it would look something like… well, this.’ He smiled and stared at the child-like drawing. ‘Pretty pathetic, huh?’
The doll tried to follow Tony’s lead, eyes darting from his legs to the playboy’s hazel eyes. He was clumsy at first, nearly tripping over his own feet and colliding with the dresser before slowly finding his rhythm.
‘You better. I don’t give such amazing blowjobs to just anyone,’ Tony chuckled, his smile brightening as he saw Steve roll his eyes, a color forming on the man’s cheeks. ‘Now, go get some sleep. We’ve got a murder to solve tomorrow.’ He pressed a kiss against Steve’s forehead before turning off the light. He wrapped his arms around the blond, holding him against his chest as they both drifted off into the wonders of their dreams.
‘Excuse me?’ Tony interrupted the god, raising his hand just a little too close to the trickster’s face while looking at Peter, ‘This is
‘Hmm,’ Steve hummed thoughtfully as he made some notes. ‘Leaves me with one last question, for now. Where were you between twelve and two o’clock last night?’
‘What are you-’ Loki started but he got silenced by the Asgardian weapon that flew straight into the god’s hand. ‘Mjölnir…’ the raven whispered, his fingers scanning the metal of the hammer as Thor held it in front of him.
‘Okay, first of, who said I was talking to you? Secondly, who said I was talking about Lokes?’ Tony sassed with a smirk, still looking forward.
‘Still not as early as you, Wanda,’ The man smirked and stopped next to her. ‘I tried knocking on that door fifteen minutes ago. Noting. He must have gone home already.’
The doctor looked at the teen for a moment, he then turned his attention back to Thor and sighed, ‘Sorry, have too.’
here?!’ He looked the stranger up and down, eyes wide as he noticed the chain attached to the man’s ankle, his breath coming in rapid heaves. ‘W-what the hell is that for?! Are you dangerous?! Stay away from me!’
‘Well,’ Clint started and he looked at the other two for a moment, Natasha meeting his gaze with a slightly troubled expression, Bucky merely staring at the game of chess that was still standing on the coffee table. ‘you see, at first, you handed Loki to Wanda, but she had to go on a mission, so she handed Loki to me.’ The archer then swallowed and continued, ‘but I went home to get him some clothes, so I handed him to Tasha.’ He looked at the assassin, waiting for her to continue.
‘Peter, I- what I am going to tell you… It’s very difficult to explain. So I need you to stay as calm as possible, okay?’
The raven swallowed nervously. So that was the stranger’s plan, to put him under some sort of spell. Did he wanted to curse him? Loki cursed under his breath, this would not happen, he would not let the stranger harm him, or his brother, or his new family! He looked at the palm of his hand, focusing all his concentration to conjuring a small knife with the use of his Seiðr.
Tony’s mouth hang slightly open, desperate for oxygen in the steam-filled room. The tiles on the wall were cold against his flush cheeks, the sound of the water falling on the floor was not nearly enough to muffle his lewd cries and gasps. He pressed his eyes shut, lust stirring hot in his core as he came in Steve’s willing hand.
‘That must have been terrifying,’ Tony remarked in mock pity, squinting his eyes at the panicked man.
‘Here, you might like this,’ the soldier said after a moment, handing Loki the comic section, a gentle smile forming on his face as Loki cautiously took it and started the giggle while he read.
‘M-mister Falcon?!’ Loki clenched onto the man’s strong arms, looking at Peter who seemed to grow smaller and smaller as they soared through the air.
Thor patted Loki on his back, a reassuring smile shining through. ‘Go put those flowers in a vase, Loki. I am quite certain Miss Potts will appreciate it. Ask Wanda for help, if you need to.’
‘Yeah, hey, I’ve got some clothes for our Sorcerer Supreme here,’ Clint said as he looked at Loki. ‘Come on, kid, time to ditch that dress shirt.’
‘Because you did not ask,’ Thor replied haughtily at which Steve and Tony raised a brow. ‘Our security round ended somewhere before twelve. You asked of my whereabouts between twelve and two o’clock.’ He patted Loki on his shoulder, the harshness in voice completely gone as he spoke to him in their native language.
‘Thor and Bucky hated Killian, as did I but they did not kill him. And I did not have a relationship with either of them,’ Wanda’s voice was strained, her hands shaking in anger. ‘As for me crying, Mister Stark, finding the man dead reminded me of my brother and that murder is something that happens everywhere, even in the
He had already planned many activities for them to do together. Thor had a chance to show his baby brother Midgard, had a chance to spend time with him, but most of all, had a chance to mend their ways. To make Loki feel like he belonged, to make him feel that there was nothing in all the Nine Realms that was more important to him than his little brother.
‘Everything,’ Steve sighed. ‘What we just did, and this, and…’ He then turned towards Tony. ‘We have to stop.’
‘Lokes, it’s… It’s okay, come on, we just have to keep walking and find Steve,’ Peter placed a hand on the god’s shoulder as he crouched down next to him, a comforting smile on his face. ‘It’ll all be over very soon, okay? Just hang in there.’
‘Although I appreciate your offer, I would kindly like to decline.’ The god stated, nodding slowly. ‘I do not know how long this spell will last, but I am not going to interfere by making it permanent without my brother’s consent.’
‘-But, you know, the suit can take the weight, right?’ Rhodey said as he was in the middle of his story.
The young woman looked up at the sound of a familiar voice. She smiled as she saw Bucky Barnes walking down the corridor. ‘Not really,’ she shrugged and looked outside again. ‘What is horrible to us is bliss for the plants and trees.’ She laughed as the man raised a questioning brow. ‘You’re up early, Bucky.’
‘I already told everything to your partner, the lady with red hair.’ Bucky stated curtly as he brushed a lock of his hair behind his ear, his Russian accent still slightly noticeable in his voice. ‘I have nothing to tell you.’
‘Tony, I’m serious,’ the blond chuckled, taking a step back as Tony nearly pressed his lips against his neck. ‘I’m gonna take a shower and go to bed, no fooling around okay? We really have to stop doing that.’
we heard a shower running,’ Thor took a small step forward, almost taking a protective stance in front of his younger brother. ‘but it turned out that my brother had forgotten to turn off the tv.’
‘Thor hoped Killian was drunk enough to make it all seem like it was an accident,’ Sam said as he caught the beer Steve threw at him. ‘That way they would all be rid of him and they wouldn’t have to be afraid to get send back to their own country.’
‘Okay, Peter, we’re here,’ Obadiah stopped in front of an old, heavy door. It was clear that it had been painted long ago as dark spots of wood started to show beneath the fainting white paint. ‘This will be your room.’
‘There now, big guy,’ Thor now said as a gentle smile became visible on his face, ‘the sun’s getting real low,’ he reached out his hand, taking a slow step forward.
Loki nervously nipped at his fingers again, nearly breaking the skin as he rocked his body slightly in his chair. Precious emerald eyes made quick contact with the two men before nodding slowly. ‘Yes,’ he whispered softly.
After staring for a second at the kid, in which Steve didn’t know what to say, a smile became visible on his face and he excepted the artwork. ‘Thanks, Loki. That’s really generous, I know you worked hard on this so I’ll make sure everyone can see it.’ He then picked Loki up and let him sit on his neck, causing the god to laugh as he held on to the captain’s hands to keep himself balanced. They walked back inside Stark Tower and hang the picture on the refrigerator. It might have been a bit cliché, but the captain couldn’t think of a better place to hang it at the moment.
The man was gorgeous. Even though he looked exhausted. Steve couldn't help himself, he leant forward and captured Tony's lips with his for a proper kiss.
The boy left her office in a wheelchair with a folder of pictures and notes, and at least five bottles of medication. From antibiotics for his back, to painkillers for his ankles, to different vitamin pills. Until his blood work would be done, miss Potts had simply guessed what he would be missing, and given him the stuff that wouldn't harm anyone.
Normal couple fights. Tony knew about those, he had them with Pepper as well. He learnt that they were pretty normal as long as you didn't let them control the relationship. (Pepper's words not his.)
"The Avengers are currently watching a movie in the common room Sir, they did invite you." The A.I. answered sassily.
For a moment he hesitated, claws hovering over the word 'love'. He sighed and deleted it, leaving just his name. Steve didn't deserve to be burdened with that. Tearful declarations of love on a deathbed should be saved for people who both loved eachother. Not for unrequited crushes.
And that was that. Tony showed them around their perfectly designed suits, the range, the dance studio, and finally, the common area. It was nice. Light. Open.
The exhausted genius could hit himself for responding so stupidly. Only... The last time Steve had dragged him from his workshop seemed like centuries ago. The last time Steve had even touched him must have been weeks ago. Their last date... Tony wouldn't even think of that.
A small smile formed on Pepper's lips. "I'm afraid that's... classified. I will not be able to give out any information until you've signed a nondisclosure agreement. The identity of your new boss cannot be leaked. However, you are always welcome to talk to me if anything bothers you." She spoke kindly and without hesitation.
"You know you're daily schedule Stark. You work to make sure you're finished when I get home. And your pathetic ass is up here right after dinner. Bucky is
are mine. Not anyone else's. Get that?" Steve almost growled and pulled Tony roughly against his chest.
The student couldn't quite finish it all, his body wasn't used to it. But when he didn't get punished for wasting food, when Phil just put everything in the fridge and smiled, Loki decided that perhaps Coulson truly was different. It gave him a spark of hope that maybe not everyone was like Odin.
? You didn't push him into a freezing shower until he was panicking hard? You didn't slap him when he wouldn't listen or fucking
Tony dragged himself from his chair where he had been sitting for the entire evening and headed for the stairs.
Rhodey was odd. At times it seemed he had Tony at one. But he knew that couldn't be true. Tony was never at one. Work and Tech and Family probably outranked him. And as soon as Rhodes met a girl Tony would lower a spot. But that was alright.
Loki pushed himself towards the livingroom and looked in awe at the plate he gotten. It was loaded with food. Even more food than Loki would get when there were guests over which forced Odin to feed Loki. This was incredible.
With his car stocked and the delicious scent of fresh Indian food filling the small space, Phil quickly drove home.
He stepped forward, brushing a hand through Tony's hair, smiling sadly when he leant into his hand. After a moment of tense silence, Steve leaned down and kissed his forehead. He couldn't exactly kiss around those fangs, so he hoped this would do.
James's shoulders sag and he sighs. "Yeah, well, neither do I. Just, small things that don't make sense." Bucky sits down on the couch, suddenly feeling very tired. "I like 'm more than I should. He's just... amazing, adorable, smart, funny, charming. And he things he's worth nothing." The brunette whispers and hides his face in his hands.
There was no one there, barely anyone there as they walked through the school. Loki in his wheelchair feeling useless. Feeling like a bother. But afraid to deny the offer of a home. Just when the exit came into view, and Loki relaxed a little because they got out without running into anyone, two people came walking around the corner.
After being thanked a million times, the cursed man sent his PA off to go get some groceries. He needed some space, some time alone without his clever assistant.
The only reason he got late was because Thor had sneaked out of school to go see a movie with his wrestling buddies, forgetting he was suppose to give Loki a ride home. It was okay, it happened more often, but he couldn't run as fast as usual with his ankles both sprained. So was it justified? He truly was late, and so he had disobeyed.
