Gabriel mutters something about Dean really getting under his skin, but reluctantly nods. "Okay, Cassie. You can sort out all this vinyl - I got that new bookcase over there for them" he gestures vaguely in the direction of a compact mahogany shelf.
To Dean their steps sound like a herd of elephants trampling through the house and he forces himself to sit down on the couch so he doesn’t tackle something. Anything.
, Cas" Dean finally snaps, growing a bit irritated with Cas' distant expression.
He comes back to find Cas struggling with his shirt, the wet fabric sticking to his shoulders and making it difficult to shrug off.
, Cas. And if your angel-brain can’t compute that, then just think of it as an exercise in dexterity.” Dean answers with a roll of his eyes.
The silence is deafening and Dean waits. Waits for Cas to gush with pity. Waits for Cas to suddenly become awkward and look at the table or suggest they leave. He waits for a look of revulsion. But it doesn't come. None of the usual reactions come.
He’ll call up Charlie and see if she’s in the area. She always knows how to brighten things up, and he’d bet that Halloween is her favorite holiday. It’ll be good.They could all use a reason to laugh.
A slight grin flickers across Cas’ face, obviously pleased with the effect he’s having. Finally he drops to one knee in front of Dean, ordering “Keep your hands where they are. If you attempt to touch me I
Cas is about to speak, but Dean can't take anymore and shouts "Dude – check!" summoning Ash to their table.
“The Winchesters?” Cas suggests after a moment in thought. Charlie loses it,  laughing so hard she has to bend forward and support herself on the table, and it even gets Sam chuckling.
, Dean. Please try to control yourself.”
Cas’ look of confusion alters to one of concern and he says “Candy corn? That sounds as though it may be related to the corn-based sweetener that the Leviathans were using in their plan to overtake humanity.”
“We haven’t the time or money to bother with costumes!” Dean argues defensively. Charlie stares him down with a disapproving glare, and he sees Sam warily watching the knife in her hand.
“Nice to finally meet the Spock to Dean’s Kirk.” she says, before stepping back. Cas is of course, very confused, but Dean can guess what she’s implying and he shoots her a glare. She elects to ignore it however and gives Sam a hug instead, affectionately grumbling about how tall they all are.
"Bright soul?!" Dean growls "I let my mother
Dean watches him covertly, tossing quick glances his direction, unable to resist grinning at Cas being so domestic. And in his shirt none-the-less. A sudden dejavu hits him, because he’s done this before.
Dean is pretty damn proud of himself for thinking of it. Granted, it’s no life-altering epiphany and it doesn’t actually solve any of their problems, but he still thinks it’s a good plan. They’re going to celebrate Halloween. Nothing fancy, of course, but it’ll be a little something to raise their spirit.
But Dean pleasantly surprises him by accepting his fate and asking Castiel to introduce him to everyone.
"Some of your records were badly damaged - beyond repair. I didn't want to simply throw them out, though. I could tell that they're important to you, so had them made into decor." he offers in explanation.
. The realisation startles him and a swear slips out before he can stop himself. “Son of a bitch.”
“That’s just Cas.” Dean protests. “He does that soul-searching gaze all the time. It’s just his angel weirdness coming through.”
"I'll give you a hand!" they all chime in various ways, save Castiel, who is watching Dean out of the corner of his eyes. He's still smiling and he wanders to the shelves, examining their organized contents. "Awesome." he murmurs.
Dean realized he was right. This was not his Cas, but odds are he was never going to have his Cas the way he wanted. So this way a pretty good alternative right? And once he got out of here he could pretend like it never happened. No one had to know. He reached for Cas and pulled him into a kiss. The sensation of kissing someone with stubble was a little strange at first, but the warmth of his lips made up for it.
"I'll leave you to it, then." Gabriel mutters, before heading off towards the bedroom.
"Do you
"Yes." Castiel answers without hesitation. He would like nothing more than having time to mingle with Dean in a more casual environment and talk with Sam.
He doesn't talk about the fights John and Sam used to get into or how he failed to make them get along. He doesn't talk about how he failed to talk John out of driving drunk and ending up a bloody wreck in a twisted lump of metal that was once an SUV.
“What the hell are you talking about?” he questions, though he’s already swinging his legs over the edge of the bed.
was all the shouting about?”
Dean has never before thought of shopping as a physically straining activity, but with Lucifer piling clothes higher and higher in his arms, Dean is beginning to feel like he is at a gym rather than a boutique.
“You’ll see” Sam says, then adds “Be nice - Bye, Dean” before hanging up.
He recalls the comfort he found in the silence, standing beside the Impala, alternately watching the brothers and the stars. He’d sip beer with them, though it had little effect on him, just to feel closer to them. He used to believe that’s what his Heaven would look like. He’s not even sure if there is anything left of Heaven now.
“Do you ever think about what we’d actually do if we won this?” Castiel asks. He’s surprised at himself for breaking the silence. He was pondering the question but didn’t mean to ask it aloud.However now that it’s out in the air he continues.
Castiel smiles to hide his surprise. That statement sounded rather flirtatious, but Dean is wearing a casual grin, so perhaps he simply meant it in friendly jest.
Sam actually grew to enjoy the damn show, and took tips from them, like rolling up his sleeves to just the right length and changing his hair product.
He flips it open and realizes it’s Sammy. He groans and glances at his bedside clock before grumbling “Hello”
Dean’s surprised that he has enough coherent thought left to process the order and he nods quickly, eagerly, earning him another grin from Cas. “Very good.” he murmurs, before gripping the back of Dean’s neck and pulling him into a kiss. Dean’s senses explode and it takes every ounce of self control to keep him from wrapping himself around Cas.
They break apart for a moment of breath and Cas watches Dean pant slightly as he rests against the wall and Dean smiles at him. Cas says “Oh Dean, I’d forgotten how soft you could be. How beautiful.” and sinks to his knees in a movement of slow, sweet worship.
- and I kinda hulked out on you-"
Instead he tosses the towel at Cas and hurriedly begins clearing up their “bobbing station”, doing his damndest not to notice the way Cas moves when he ruffles his hair dry with the towel.
“And don’t forget the wicked new wardrobe he’ll have from me” Lucifer chimed in.
* * * * *
Or it would be wonderful, if his mind wasn't so hung up on solving the mystery of Cas and the pizza man. And baby-sitter. What the hell is with that? Did Cas sleep with a guy who had a girlfriend or –
“Alright - let’s go meet Dean-o!” Gabriel says with a grin.
Balthazar seems to have different plans though and he says “Actually Cassie, maybe you should tag along. Dean seems to like
Cas smiles at Balthazar’s words and corrects “Technically it’s an overcoat.” which sends a wave of laughter through the group, relieving the tension.
Shocked at the paths of his thoughts, he focuses his attention away and offers a weak reassurance to Dean “Gabriel is like that with everyone. I’ve known him to flirt shamelessly with a priest in the presence of his wife of ten years.”
“Do you have to “trick or treat” to wear a costume?” he inquires, his tone serious and his face one of concentration. The precise pronunciation of the words sounds odd, when they’re so typically run together.
“Ow! What the hell was that for?!” He snaps, sliding away from her and rubbing his arm.
He can feel the anger slowly seeping from him, and leaving a tired resignation in its place. Sam has signed him up for this and there is no way he's getting out of it.
“Sorry” Samandriel laughs and straightens himself up, but Castiel waves the apology off.
“Beep!Beep!Beep!” the obnoxious tone cuts through his dream and he suddenly finds himself scrambling into a sitting position, sheets tangled around him. “Son of a bitch!” he swear, harshly cutting off his alarm clock, before collapsing backwards.
Even more surprising is what he calls him. "Cas?" he questions, in mild confusion before he can stop himself. No one has ever called him that before.
Castiel shakes his head, refusing to speak so Balthazar answers for him "Come on, Cassie - tell Dean about the pizza man."
Dean flips him off before climbing in and Castiel hides a small smile at the disdainful look Balthazar gives him in return. He climbs into the backseat with Dean as Balthazar heads for the passenger's seat.
“Dexterity?” Sam repeats with an incredulous laugh. “You worried about Cas’ oral dexterity, Dean?” he asks, his eyebrows raising and wearing a large grin that tells Dean he’s immensely pleased with himself for the jab.
He pulls out a dark wooden frame, within it is one of his damaged records, neatly matted. He glances up at Castiel, more surprise in his features, this time it's nearly incredulous. Castiel winces internally, fearing his gift is not well received.
"Stop degrading him!" Castiel snaps fiercely and Gabriel steps back slightly, hands raised in surrender.
Lucifer grumbles that Dean is no fun, whilst Cas simply averts his eyes at the mere mention of Dean undressing. Dean finds it oddly endearing one on hand and on the other realises that the idea of stripping in front of Cas is not an unpleasant one. He hurries into the dressing room before his thoughts can travel any further down that path.
“Shush.” Charlie remonstrates, as she continues working, moving from the Dementor to begin work on the giant spider outline she’s drawn on earlier.
He doesn’t wait for an agreement and quickly strides from the room, dialing as he goes. It rings twice before he hears “Singer Auto - this is Jo Harvelle speaking. How can I help ya?”
Cas finally manages to shed his shirt “Sam suggested I remove this one, and went to get a dry one for me to put on.” he answers with something akin to an apologetic shrug. Dean feels the sudden urge to break something as he watches the movement of Cas’ muscles.
Dean's never felt so damn bipolar in his life. Not when his mother died and his couldn't decide if he should shout in anger or wail in mourning. Not when his father died and he couldn't decide if he should let his shoulders sag with relief or with sorrow. Not even when Sammy got engaged and moved out, leaving him a messy combination of elated and depressed.
Cas' hand twitches as if he's going to reach across and touch Dean, but he doesn't and Dean continues "My dad came running in and told me to take Sammy outside - he couldn't even walk then - so I grabbed him and I ran. I didn't even ask where my mom was. I get outside and she isn't the-re" he chokes a bit on the last word, but continues
“So I’m thinking a nice simple dinner party” Samandriel suggest and they nod in agreement.
But sometimes Sam drives him up the wall and this is one of those times. Judging by what Sam was saying he’s sent someone or a few someones to his place. But for what? And why did he sound so smug about it?
Castiel shakes his head and laughs,but it mirthless and hollow “Be happy, Dean? With you dead? How is that supposed to work?”
He and Sam share clothes all the time. It’s the sort of thing that comes with being siblings of the same gender and living in each other's pockets. When Sam wakes up and grabs a black t-shirt that’s technically his, Dean doesn’t even blink.
Dean gives a barking laugh when Sam drops his head into his hands. “Oh god, Charlie” he groans. “Dean loves that movie.”
He glances towards Castiel and inquires "Cas?"
Dean contemplates the consequences of punching him in the face and has almost decided it'd be worth it when they arrive at their destination. He settles for entering the shop first and shutting the door in Balthazar's face. It's a childish move, he knows, but it makes him feel just a bit better.
– a threesome?
"There you go – problem solved." Balthazar answers with an easy shrug.
“No, Sammy, it’s a giant orange grape that just happens to look a lot like a pumpkin.” Dean snarks back as he sets it on the counter. This earns him a glare, but he grins against it, glad to see Sam is feeling well enough to be antagonized like this.
Dean nods sharply, though if it’s born of true understanding or if it’s simply an effort to silence him, Castiel can’t be sure. He’s saved from deciding by Balthazar's sudden appearance. “What in
Cas doesn't ask however, he doesn't even mention it and Dean is pretty sure he's never been so grateful for silence in his life. Even if it is a bit awkward. The cab ride is brief though, and they soon arrive.
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
Dean is enjoying himself for once today and Castiel hates to intrude on the enjoyment of his re-done apartment, but he also knows that soon Lucifer will need him for wardrobe and then Balthazar will have to work with him on food preparation.
Dean suspect Balthazar is trying to make two points, with his final sentence, but he refuse to let the words get to him. He hardens his face, trying to continue to restrain his fury, because who the hell gave this guy to right? Cas adores
But the very worst part is he
Someone mumbles about him being a slave driver and spoiling the fun, but they all concede and Castiel is relieved to have spared Dean more mocking.
But another part of him, small and hidden, but just as potent, desperately wants to believe everything Cas said. Wants to fall to the floor and finally release the racking sobs that have been building inside him for years. Wants to shed the layers of guilt that he's piled on himself over the years and just-
"Hold on" Dean instructs her as Lucifer turns him towards the mirror. He surveys his reflection and smiles at what he sees. It's not the sort of thing he'd usually pick out, but there is a certain appeal to it.
Dean, you couldn't have been more than five years old at the time. Do you honestly believe that as a kindergarten student you should've been able to do what a fireman couldn't?"
Castiel searches his face, but finds nothing, save affectionate concern. Finally he concedes with a sigh "Very well, I'll go."
Castiel leafs carefully through the records, the names on the familiar, though not those that would be found in his own music collection.
He hears Lucifer and Cas speaking in urgent tones and a wave of gut-wrenching anger overwhelms him for a moment. Fucking assholes barging into his life and exposing him like this – he could break something. He sucks in harsh breaths reminding himself that it's not their fault they saw his scar. They weren't trying to make him feel vulnerable.
Dean nods sharply, saying "Right" before striding back into the dressing room and slamming the door. His hands worked, forming fists and then releasing for a few moments in an effort to calm himself.
His blood is boiling again. These guys may be experts but that doesn't mean he wants them telling him how to run his life.
There’s cheery laughter from all, save Castiel whose brows furrow at the idea of popping into someone life like this without consent. None of the others seem bothered by this however, and continue reading through his profile
He inhales deeply, narrows his eyes and calmly requests "Give me a task, Gabriel. What happened between Dean and I is not of import and we're running out of time."
"Hey, Dean-o!" Gabriel greets. "Let me just say, your place looks fantastic." Lucifer and Samandriel laugh in agreement.
“So this is about Cas, then?” Sam inquires, an odd expression on his face. Dean glances away, using the excuse of putting produce in it’s bin, suddenly feeling like Sam is pulling his own version of the angel-soul-searching trick.
Still conflicted, but more composed he calmly gives the cabby Dean's home address. The distraction of helping Gabriel finish decorating will be a welcome one.
Castiel is towards the back of the pack, staying out of the revelry as much as possible. He doesn't want to get jostled and really it's simply easier to wait until his friends have crowded through the door and then step inside, rather than fighting through the mass of limbs for a space to witness their newest client first.
"We have returned!" Balthazar unnecessarily proclaims, as he slams the door behind him.
Gabriel and Samandriel manage to reign in their giggles enough to sit up and attempt to piece together an explanation “Luci was pulling out clothes or something-” “I don’t know what he was doing but suddenly there’s this
fault?" There's honest to god disbelief in Cas' voice and it knocks Dean back for a moment. It's always been his fault. Everyone knows it. Even Sammy blames him, he's sure. John certainly did.
Dean flexes his jaw in response and for several minutes Castiel believes that is the only answer he’s going to get. The silence stretches between them and he picks absently-mindedly at his ragged jeans.
“See, Sammy. Now we have to watch the movie to teach Cas the proper response.” Dean declared triumphantly.
” as if he has some say in the matter.
Dean strides away from him, calling over his shoulder "Haven't we got shopping to do?"
A strange sort of anger stirs within Dean. Castiel is his friend, how could he, in any timeline, treat him like a cheap hooker? “Cas…” he starts, but has no idea how to finish. So he just reaches for him again and pulls him into a deep, hungry kiss. They’re flush against each other now, wrapped up in each other’s arms. Cas, slowly, begins pushing Dean backwards until he’s pressed against a wall.
Instead Cas gaze remains steady, though there's a hint of confusion. "You think her death is
a hopeful part of his mind supplies.
. Dean can’t get around that no matter how hard he tries.
, Sam. It’s about having some fun, because we deserve it every once in a while.” he growls, shutting the fridge door a bit harder than necessary.
He considers making up some bullshit excuse to leave the room, or continue to vehemently deny her words, but in the end he decides he doesn’t have the energy to bother and Charlie probably wouldn’t believe him anyway.
His bones shook with fear.
Dean felt the world sway.
"Ow! what the f-" The kids in front turned to look at him, his face grew pink. "-fudgesicle! You can't just do that Sam! You coulda killed me!"
At least Dean thinks he did. That's the excuse he gave when Dean had asked him.
They didn't see Bobby for three years after the fight he and their father had, John was on a hunt the first time Dean went to a payphone to call Bobby in secret.
Time passed and his physical wounds healed, he never truly grieved John, he just shoved it to the back of his mind and packed Baby with the remnants of the man's existence and hit the roads. He knew of nothing better to do, there was nothing better he could do. This life was just as much a part of him as the scars on his arms, on his stomach, his face. The roads were built into his scar tissue. The haunted road, his haunted body, his haunted roads.
He should have died with John that day, but god, he feels glad he's alive for the first time in a long time. He feels less like a pile of old bones strung together with old barbed wire and rusty pins, he feels human again.
Blue eyes look at him, filled with love and so much tenderness, so much fondness. Cas smiled at him sleepily, he smiled back.
Dean steeled himself and crouched by the man, gently placing his hand on blue-eye's shoulder, painfully trying to ignore the way the other man flinched.
Maybe he could
Blue eyes looks at him, confused, like he was suddenly unable to see him properly.
A leaf fell, floating down to him as he gripped the shirt on his arms. Landing on his lap, the yellow-red-orange leaf begins to look spotty.
"There was nothing you could have done."
Blue eyes light his heart on fire.
"It's not your fault, Dean."
"I am Castiel."
"Nobody." The man said, still looking away from Dean, though it seemed more like he wanted to hide from him than anything.
Sam frowns, looking confused and worried. "You never mentioned any childhood friends Dean, when did you meet?" He asked, the suspension in his voice clear to Dean, he was asking if this was a situation, if this needed hunters.
"How do you know about that?" Dean practically demands, his emotions spilling out, his heart spilling out with moss, moss, dead man's blood.
Sam's... Friend, let's Dean into the dorm before leaving, giving Sam a meaningful look on his way out, giving Dean a more serious look. Dean smiles awkwardly at the guy before turning his attention to Sam. He was sitting on the couch awkwardly, barely even able to look at Dean. Dean sighs and walks closer to him, sitting on the other couch, to the side.
"Oh it's on, Jerk!"
"Bobby, it's me." he breathes out a shaky breath, he tries his best to not cry, to not let it break him.
Fucking shit.
"Moose here tells me you're a good skater," Gabe says, handing him his pair of skates from the rental guy, the place was decorated for Christmas and he could practically taste the chlorine from how humid the rink was. Who the hell thought an outdoor rink in California was a good idea?! He took a breath, the rubber flooring made him sink into the skates easier, his feet practically leading him out, he doesn't know where on the ice he's going, he hears Sam ask him where he's going, he sees him and Gabe get on the ice behind him, but he's already off, making his way around.
Dean felt his stomach drop to his feet as he nodded, muttering a quiet "yes sir," before closing his eyes, wishing for an escape.
The silence stays heavy.
"Don't call me son! I'm not your son,
Dean sighs again, this was too difficult, he's too awkward in this situation.
A quiet mumble brought Dean back to the present.
When he first left the hospital, Sam came, for the funeral.
He phones his dad.
Sam nods to him, he feels it in his shoulder along with the tears Sam is crying.
I have to admit, when I was writing this, I was mostly just missing skating. My local rinks are closed because of the pandemic and I bought skates during autumn last year, which was not great idea now that I know there would be a pandemic like five months after that but that's on being overexcited.
The look goes away when Sam walks up to him and absolutely gobsmacks him with a kiss, taking him into his arms with one of the biggest hugs Dean has ever seen Sam give. Dean felt a bit like he was invading their privacy, but he's getting used to the fact that Sam thought so much of his opinion. Maybe that makes him privileged to be able to be there, in his life still.
normal.
Dean's heart was hugging his rib cage, begging to be set free, to fight whoever did this.
"Dean?"
Those same
The man kept crying, turned away from Dean with, he could practically see the sorrow in his blue eyes, and for the first time, Dean didn't feel their connection.
"What do you mean it wasn't a ghost, it was a ghost, Bobby! I saw it with my own two eyes!!"
"Well howdy Cas, I'm Dean," he says, pushing the confusion away and winking at the other man.
He idolized him in his youth, thinking of him as the best hunter, the best dad he could be in that situation.
The fight that ensued after their trip was worse than any other fight Dean had seen his father get into with Bobby before. It was just short of physical and he'd never seen his father so furious before. "They're my boys Bobby! Instead of teaching them shooting, like I asked you to, you taught them that sissy shit! they'll never use it!" He heard his dad scream, through the opened front door of Bobby's house. Him and Sam looked at each other, making a silent pact to not talk about their trip again. "They're kids John! They deserve some kind of normalcy!" Bobby yelled back, sounding equally as furious, if not more. "It's not your job to raise them! They've lost some of the only hours they have off the road! Valuable hours they could have used to learn something important!" His dad screamed, appearing by the front door. "Honestly! I don't give a damn if they were 'valuable hours'! They're children! They need something other than hunting!"
He tries again, it rings once and goes to voicemail again.
Shot back into the real world, into something that didn't seem like a daydream, he wetly chuckled and nodded, pulling away from Cas, he couldn't trust his voice. "Yes, Gabriel, Dean and I are... Childhood friends." Castiel explains, hesitating to explain any further details.
God, he could feel the connection course through him, the connection of past, to present, to future, like time was connected to the blades on his feet, adrenaline coursing through his body, the moss shedding, life flowing back into his veins.
"Blue-eyes! Are you okay?! You're bleeding!" Dean yelps, pulling his flannel off, putting it on the man's wound to stop the bleeding.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Dad and I, we're on uhm, a hunt. He left me in the Impala after I got uh, hit by a spirit. Uhm, I can't get ahold of him and I-"
"I'll show you old man, Bitch!"
If he didn't doubt him, maybe he would still be there.
Of course, John fought him at every step. Despite him having a full scholarship, John saw it as useless.
Fuck. Where did his dad go? He told him to wait by the car if he was going to be a sissy about a little blood and he never came back.
His heartstrings pulled and he felt his body move to stand up, he's on the rink, feet away from him.
"Look man, I don't care if you're gay-"
"Where's dad?" He asked, cutting straight through the faux casual facade Bobby had on. something was wrong, Dean could tell from his eyes, they were dull, he looked upset. "If something happened you don't have to hide it from me, I'm not a-" Dean paused, pursing his lips. "I'm strong, I can take it."
"Look man, it's buttfuck o'clock in the morning and I have work and class tomorrow, so either come back at a decent time like a normal fucking person or fuck off-" the short man is interrupted by Sam, blearily looking at Dean from further in the dorm.
"Hey, uh Dean, if you get this voicemail, can you come to Stanford, or at least California, it's not an emergency but-" Sam sighs at this point and Dean starts to get worried, it didn't sound like a tired sigh Sam might do when he pulled an all nighter, it was the guilty, heavy one that Dean knew all too well. It was the sigh of a man who was scared, scared of Dean. "It's important to me, and we need to have a conversation face to face. uh, anyways-" this time a voice in the background said something to Sam. Dean couldn't make out what it said but it sounded worried. "
He couldn't help but question why he couldn't let himself feel, feel love, or sadness, or anything but anger, anything but hunting.
"Who?" He asked, his voice full of regret, barely contained sorrow and rage.
Blue eyes, Castiel, cuts away before he can finish his sentence.
He starts to think about telling Bobby to look for other hunters to call, to take him off the list completely.
He freezes in place.
He phones a number from memory.
Chapter six was actually supposed to be the last chapter, but then i went all emo bitch on it at like 2am and ended up writing chapter three and four differently than i had planned, and then chapter five just fit with what i was trying for and then i went overboard and that's why we have this angst train.
Life was going slower than he could imagine it going, he knew it was temporary, as was everything else in his life, but he just longed for that normalcy. He longed for something better than a hunter's life, and he knew he wasn't going to get it.
Dean scoffed, sat down beside him, looking down at his own arms in fear. Something was missing...
Dean took a shaky breath, closing his eyes again, squeezing them shut like it would stop the world from turning.
Blurry vision focused as his ears rung, pressing his palm to his eye, he rubbed the remnants of sleep from them. A steady beeping took his focus as he looked around the room.
"Stay on the line, okay Dean? Don't go and pass out on me now!"
They burn John's body the next day, Bobby doesn't let them see the bundle, but they can tell it's not one piece. They can tell from the blood under Bobby's fingernails and the haunted look in his eyes. They don't talk, they just look on as the body is engulfed with flames, Vicks under their noses block the smell of burning flesh and burning leather. They gave him a hunter's funeral, like he always told them to, burning his old jacket with him, making sure there was nothing left for him to come back with. He used to say when he died, he didn't want to come back, that he didn't want to come back in any sort of afterlife, but Dean can't help but hope there's something left for him. At least so when he finally sinks into the earth like the moss in his joints begs him to, that they could at least meet one last time, so Dean's guilty soul could descend into whatever shit show his soul might belong to without anything holding him back.
Dean could not handle that, what if Sam thinks he hates him? what if he says the wrong thing? He's not gay, but he really wishes he was at the moment, maybe that would make this easier on him and Sam.
Bobby was someone Dean couldn't afford to lose. Bobby was a parent, a real one. He sent Sam a Stanford sweatshirt and their application papers when he was talking about going. He cared if they were hurt, he cared if they had eaten.
Castiel wasn't 18 anymore. He'd look different now, taller, more muscular maybe, he wasn't sure, but he wouldn't look like a kid anymore. Although, Dean hadn't seen him since they were teenagers, so maybe Cas still looked exactly the same, he wouldn't know.
"Time to wake up, Dean. It's not your time yet." Cas whispered, reaching a hand out towards him.
Bobby never made him pay rent and Dean bought his own food with the money he'd earn from Bobby for working.
Mary and Sam Winchester.
He closed the hood and took a couple steps in Castiel's direction not really knowing what else to say or do.
"Next time someone I know dies, I'll call your secretary first."
Sudden pain erupted across the left side of his face as he stumbled back a few steps. His hands instantly reaching for his left eye that he could already feel was starting to bruise.
"Novak, huh? Why's some rich kid hanging around with your sorry ass? You know what, don't even answer that. Get your stuff and put it in the truck. You're coming home with us." His father ordered.
Dean sighed but nodded as he instructed Jo to steer the car towards the side street while they pushed.
He needed Cas to leave and if making the guy hate him, got him to walk away then that was what he was going to do, no matter how badly he wanted to go out with Cas.
"We're twins, unidentical obviously. He's 12 minutes older than me. We're brothers, but he's also my best friend. He's a good guy though, I know he can seem like a bit of a dick sometimes. Like the other day when Jo's car broke down, but he's a good guy when he's not around the other jocks or our older brothers." Cas explained.
But, as he fell asleep that night, his alarm set early for his drive back home, he couldn't help wondering how his life had come to this.
"I can take care of myself." Castiel responded, raising his eyebrows. "He doesn't need to know that we're together."
"She was throwing up a lot." Lee informed and Dean gave her a sympathetic look.
"Mostly to hunt." He admitted.
And it was in that moment, that Dean realised he was so incredibly screwed.
"My dad." He muttered.
"Just ran into a tree." He lied.
To Dean's relief Garth was extremely understanding about the situation. A lot of people wouldn't be so nice and would just care about getting their car back and nothing else, but not Garth.
"Shut up." Dean muttered, focusing back on Lee who opened his mouth about to say something, but Dean shook his head knowing exactly what his friend was thinking. "I’m not gonna talk to him, so don't even bother."
He watched Cas continue to stare out at the scenery before he turned around with furrowed brows.
"Start the car up, it'll be fine now. I'll see you guys tomorrow at school."
Cas had to grab hold of the bench in front of him to steady himself as he took in the news. He could feel tears starting to rise in his eyes as he stared at the wall opposite him in complete shock.
"No problem."
He had literally stood the other guy up after he asked him out, he'd be pissed if their positions were swapped, but no way could Dean go out with the bruise over his eye and let Cas see it.
"You're at the UNC hospital in North Carolina." Tessa answered with a gentle smile.
He was about at join them before he spotted a bunch of workers including, Benny, stuck underneath the logs with his leg pinned.
He began to walk around to the hood and pulled it up. His eyes scanning the engine to locate what was wrong before he felt Castiel's presence from beside him.
For most of his schooling, Dean never really had any friends. Everyone was too ashamed and didn't want to be seen talking to a Winchester. But, him and Lee got put together for lab partners a couple years ago and for whatever reason Lee befriended Dean almost instantly and they had been best friends ever since.
Jo walked over to their table with a large bowl of wedges and two cokes. She was smiling happily at them and seemed to be in good health, but Dean had seen her earlier this morning at school and she looked a bit pale.
Missouri talked for a few minutes and asked if either of them had any questions. They both just shook their heads and she gave them the urn of Bobby's ashes before they left the office.
It was his fathers old car that he'd managed to track down and buy from a man in Dallas. But, the man had crashed it only weeks earlier and completely wrecked it.
Lee pushed by the passenger window while Daryl pushed from the back and it didn't take long to get the car rolling.
"Hello." Dean replied with a small nod, not wanting to say anything else in case it might set his father off because for once he seemed to be in a relaxed mood.
He froze where he stood as he stared at his bedroom door that was a few metres too far away. Damnit.
"You deserve better than that."
He'd do what he had to do and he didn't plan on hanging around any longer than he had to.
Lee and Jo had started dating not long after and at first she was a bit cautious around him which he understood.
"I can't go tomorrow night. I got something to do." Dean answered, but as soon as the words left his mouth he instantly regretted them.
By the time the two of them walked back to Bobby's house it was past midnight. Dean felt bad for keeping Cas out this late, but the other guy didn't seem to mind as they walked towards the garage.
Nor did he hear the person walk towards the garage until they knocked on the open door.
"You wanna hit me? Hit me, you see where that'll get ya." John warned.
he looked around the room again and figured he might as well sit down and get comfortable until the rain stopped.
Dean went for long drives in the Impala and went fishing in the small creek a few miles from his caravan. He read old mechanic and car books every night and wrote the occasional letter to Bobby Singer, but that was it.
He didn't want to deal with any of their shit, not tonight. For once Dean was actually in a good mood and he didn't want his father to ruin it. But, of course, life always had a different idea.
Dean was currently leaning over the engine of the Chevy, halfway through repairing the radiator when he heard a car pull up outside.
"Well, that is unfortunate." The man sighed, but to Dean's shock he didn't pull the trigger. "My name's Bobby. What happened to your eye?"
Neither of them said anything for a while as they sat in surprisingly comfortable silence while they stared at the town lights.
Cas simply nodded, seeming to understand what he was trying to say.
"Of course, anytime."
The woman glanced between him and Cas because they were the only ones in the room. Cas just nodded, standing up and walking over to her as Dean quickly snapped into action and followed him.
"I didn't say anything." He replied.
Dean just glared at him, knowing it was best not say anything and piss his father off even more. But, apparently not saying anything also seemed to piss him off as he punched him across the face again.
Dean's body instantly tensed as he sat up straight, his hands raised in surrender.
At just a quick glance, Dean could tell that the leg was broken, although he wasn’t sure how bad it was and he didn’t have time to worry about it now.
Slowly, Dean walked inside the garage. His eyes scanning the familiar room, taking in all Bobby's tools hanging up along the far wall, all of them still in their same designated spots from all those years ago.
"John Winchester's boy?"
He glanced down at his backpack to find that his rifle had been kicked away from him
Cas shook his head, rubbing his face with his hands when suddenly a knock on his bedroom door caught his attention, but it wasn't his main door, it was the door to the balcony.
Dean watched in shock as Bobby began to fire a few more bullets into the truck, taking out three of his fathers spotlights that were mounted on the roof.
Dean watched in slight relief as the truck reversed out the driveway and disappeared as Bobby walked over to him, reloading his rifle.
"Where you running off to, Dean?" His fathers voice suddenly questioned.
He knew if he kept going straight he would eventually reach the town, but he didn't really want to go into town.
Castiel exhaled deeply as he looked over at him. "I don't know much about cars unless the tyre needs changing, but I turn the key and nothing happens."
Dean knew the woods on the outskirts of town like the back of his hand. The only thing he liked about the Winchester property was that it was literally located on the edge of the woods and none of his family ever went out there except him and Sam when they were kids.
Dean quickly glanced around wondering if any of Castiel's brothers or friends were around to help him, but they were alone.
Cas must have had a disapproving expression on his face as he glanced over at his wife and smiled, although he was pretty sure she knew it was fake.
"Thank you." Castiel responded, a wide smile spread across his face.
It had been over 20 years and he thought that he had gotten over his feelings for Castiel, but clearly he was wrong.
How the hell had Castiel gotten more attractive with age? It shouldn't work like that, but it had and it was driving Dean crazy.
Cas walked over to their table, crossing his arms over his chest which caught the couples attention as Jo stopped midsentence about something to do with a knife collection as they both turned towards him in confusion.
sign out the front.
Nope, not at all.
But, when he survived the explosion on the logging site he began to wonder if there was some purpose to his life. That maybe he was on a destined path, even if he couldn't see it yet.
His father pulled out a set of keys from his pocket and tossed it towards him. Dean caught them easily with one hand, his other holding the strap to his backpack over his shoulder.
It had been 20 years, he's probably moved on with his life just like Cas had... although now that he thought about it, maybe he hadn't moved on as much as he thought. Damn it, why did Dean still have to look so good with that same if not more gruffer sexy southern accent?
He'd been working at The Purgatory Logging Site for 14 years and thought he had seen it all.
"Look I'm sorry about your friend, I really am. But, we've got stuff going on here. I got to be at Amy’s on Saturday for her Tupperware party thing. Monday night we've got dinner with the lady from my work and her husband-" Kelly began to say before he cut her off.
He might not like Adam much, the guy was an asshole and drunk more often than not. But the two of them always looked out for each other whenever John was in a violent mood.
"No, I'm good."
Dean quickly pushed his father away causing the older man to slam his fist into the side of Dean's face, sending him to the ground. Dean knew he had a busted lip, but there wasn't much he could do about it.
He continued to jog down the bitumen road. His clothes and hair absolutely drenched as thunder echoed through the sky followed by flashes of lightning in the distance.
He hated how his voice trembled as he forced himself to stand up straight and his fathers eyes narrowed, his jaw clenched and Dean knew exactly what was about to happen.
They ended up laying on the forest floor and watching the stars above the trees for hours. Sam loved it and didn't want to leave when Dean had said it was time to go back.
Dean nodded, tucking his thumbs into the front pockets of his jeans as he leant against the garage door and stared at Cas.
"Yeah."
Castiel began to think of Bobby and how close the two of them had gotten over the years. It was with Bobby that he shared his pain and sadness over Jacks death, because his wife refused to talk about it with him.
He quickly leant his forearms against the side of the car, ducking his head under the open hood as he silently cursed.
That was all he needed to say before Cas leant forward and kissed him, his free hand grabbing the back of Dean's neck to deepen the kiss.
"You know, I just wanted a date!" Cas snapped.
He knew she was about eight weeks pregnant. He had woken up to a phone call in the middle of the night from her crying happily while freaking out. Dean had to calm her down without waking his father sleeping in the room across the hall.
"She thinks I blew it."
"Yeah, he is. He's also hot, even I can appreciate that." Lee responded.
Losing their son, Jack, had changed them. That's when their marriage had started to come apart and over the years it had started to get worse.
"This is nice. What you've done here." His father began to say, his tone way to calm for Dean's liking as he leant down towards the bed of tulips, reaching out towards them.
As he finally entered the town he quickly realised just how little the town had changed.
Dean just nodded before he climbed into the Impala as Cas turned around and continued walking.
"The hell am I?" He questioned, hating how rough his voice sounded as he sat up and glanced around the room.
There were a lot of mechanical degrees that he'd seen in flyers and pamphlets around school, but he never thought he'd ever be able to get in so he never thought much of it.
"He asks that you pack up his things and he would like you to go through it, and take whatever you want. He left instructions that his assets be liquidated and that the proceeds be donated to the American Paediatric Cancer Society." She explained, but Dean didn't miss how Cas' body suddenly tensed at those words.
If that was the case then he could have called him... okay, no he couldn't have called him because they didn't exchange numbers. But, Dean knew where he'd be, so he could've called the phone at the Roadhouse and told him that way instead of just not showing up and saying anything and making Cas look like an idiot.
His mother, Mary, had tried to shelter them from the world John Winchester lived. She kept them out of that life and safe. Adam and Christian were sweet kids and his mother loved them like her own sons.
"No."
Castiel sighed as he stood up from leaning over the hood and Dean did the same, glancing towards the group in the car before looking back at him.
Dean nodded, but eyed him curiously as to why he didn't say 'his parents house', but again Cas must have realised what he was thinking and explained further.
"Do you still want to go on that date or..." Cas trailed off, not really sure how to finish that sentence as he glanced over at Dean who shrugged his shoulders. "I get it- If you don't want to or-"
"I have had it with you, Dean!" John shouted, standing above him as he stared down at him with narrow eyes. "Get your stuff, put it in the truck-" He began to order before a gunshot fired from somewhere behind him.
Dean nodded in agreement glancing up to meet Cas' gaze and there was something almost apologetic in his eyes, but Cas didn't know what to make of it. So he just nodded and began to head down the street towards his own car.
Dean didn't dare say anything, knowing that his answer wouldn't be liked by his old man. So, he just stood there and watched as John began to walk over to him, his face too concentrated and relaxed for Dean's liking. His father wasn't even drunk and that made Dean panic, it was worse when he was sober, he was smarter, quicker.
Dean continued to chase him around the vintage car in the garage before he spotted a familiar black truck coming down Bobby's long dirt driveway and his heart beat suddenly skyrocketed.
Lee and his girlfriend, Jo, were his only friends and the only people who knew he was bisexual.
"Don't you get bored out here?" Dean questioned, pushing himself out from under the car.
outside of the Roadhouse, the towns best and only café.
Dean sighed with relief spotting the familiar wooden log lying on the ground a few metres back from the edge that he had cut down and moved there for a seat all those years ago.
Dean wasn't sure how he did it, but he managed to use the axe as some kind of leaver and lifted the log just enough for Benny to get his leg free.
"How many brothers do you even have?" Dean asked, looking back up at Cas.
He thought about going to Lee's house or even Jo's. He knew Jo wouldn't mind having him over until he figured out what to do nor would Lee, but he also knew that Lee's parenrs probably wouldn't want a Winchester in their house and Ellen definitely wouldn't want that either.
They couldn't just go out on a date to one of the most popular places in town, even if it wasn't popular they couldn't just go on a date together. If people saw the two of them on a date, all hell would break loose.
He thought he was the last one to leave the premises, but then he spotted Castiel standing in front of his car in the middle of the empty parking lot with the hood up.
But, when the fire happened, John became the legal guardian for his cousins and turned the sweet innocent kids into something his mother would be ashamed of.
He wandered past all the old graves, his eyes scanning the names on the headstones before he stopped in front of the two he was looking for.
He parked the Impala in front of the garage beside the house where Bobby did all his mechanic repairs for his customers.
Claire chuckled and shook her head, making her way towards the veranda were Cas was standing while his wife, Kelly, sat on the porch chair with her friends.
He was relived to hear that Cas had caught up with Bobby occasionally though. Especially since Dean hadn't seen Bobby since he left town, but he made sure he wrote to him frequently.
Shit. He shouldn't have said anything.
"Oh my God, I remember that. The whole town talked about it for months afterwards, I didn't know it was your house. Dean, I'm so sorry."
"You're a bad liar." Cas chuckled and Dean smiled softly as he fiddled with his hands in his lap. "I like that thought."
The classic truck belonged to a man named Garth Fitzgerald IV who lived in Warsaw, Missouri.
"You gotta leave! You gotta get out of here." Dean quickly shouted.
He grabbed his old leather jacket, putting it on over his long-sleeved shirt before throwing his backpack over his shoulders.
He wasn't really sure where he was going to go as he slowed down to a walk and glanced around the woods to get his bearings.
"It's not that, it's just... I..." Dean sighed, rubbing his face with his hands in frustration. Why couldn't he ever just say what he meant? "I like you, but I can't risk putting you in danger and if you're with me then that's exactly what's gonna happen. Sooner or later my fathers gonna come back and I can't have you around if he does."
He slid the window up, throwing the bag and rifle inside before climbing in.
"Completely." Cas chuckled causing Dean to snort as he pulled the rag out his pocket and began wiping the grease from his fingers.
Castiel Novak didn't think much of his phone ringing from inside as he watched his daughter, Claire, and her friends mess around by the pool.
Plus, he knew how much danger he'd be putting his friends in if he stayed at their houses.
"I'd like to do this again, maybe try that date at the Roadhouse next weekend as 'friends'?" Cas suggested using air quotes as he said 'friends' causing Dean to smile as they reached the garage and he turned around to look at Cas.
"Kids?"
It was with Bobby that Cas could unleash his rage at Kelly and he was the first and only person he ever told about his worries with his marriage and his worries for Claire's future. But, he never spoke or bought up the topic of Dean Winchester, and Bobby never spoke about him either because he knew Cas didn't want to.
"I'm sorry." Dean replied and he meant it, despite thinking the mans father was a piece of shit.
"I don't care! I don't care. I mean, Dean, do you want this? Do you want me?" He asked, staring at the other guy desperately as he rested their foreheads together and Dean sighed, taking a deep breath.
He was letting him stay? Why would he do that?
"Wasn't the first time he's done something like that, but was the first time I actually stood up against him and if I stayed... I would've done more than just stand up against him." Dean answered.
According to the papers the car still needed it's gear box fixed along with the taillights that apparently needed replacing and a bunch of other minor fixes as well.
Slowly he walked back a few steps until he was in line with the lounge room door and looked in spotting his father sitting on the couch while his two cousins, Adam and Christian, sat on foldout chairs around a small table between them covered in playing cards and booze.
The truck was his fathers. That's why Dean wanted him to leave, he didn't want his father seeing him. How did he not think of that?
"Thanks, Jo. How are you feeling?" He asked, watching as she placed the bowl on the table between the two of them.
"Nobody has to know. We can keep it a secret, that way there's no way he could find out." Castiel explained and Dean stared at him in disbelief. Why was Cas willing to risk that for him?
"Do you live out here?" He asked.
Dean stepped back from the car as he raised his hand towards Lee. Silently telling him to wait there before he began to walk towards the car that was honking and yelling.
"All I said was that she was thinking about it." Kelly said defensively.
Bobby nodded and walked back out the garage. Muttering
Dean wasn't sure why he was going back to Bobby's house as he pulled into the driveway and spotted the old
It took nearly 20 minutes to walk, but they eventually reached the edge of a cliff that overlooked the entire town.
Dean could feel Cas looking over at him, but he didn't dare look over at the other man as he focused on Missouri, knowing that if he looked over at Cas, he'd be done for.
"I'll see you tomorrow." Dean said causing Cas to stop walking as he glanced back towards him in confusion. "The attorney?"
He was about to call out a greeting when suddenly he realised who it was and his voice died in his throat.
They knew why he didn't want them driving him home, but they still offered to drop him off a few streets away or something, but Dean didn't want to risk his family seeing them and putting them in danger.
Castiel's friends were real jerks and for a while Dean thought that Castiel might be like them too, but now he knew he wasn't.
He turned around in confusion spotting Jo's small Toyota hatchback stopped in the middle of the road while the cars behind her continued to honk.
Kelly had been pushing Claire to do something around finance because she thought it would be her best option. But, Cas knew his daughter and he knew she didn’t like that idea. So, he just kept telling her to pick whatever she wanted to do.
"I'm married now, figured I should probably tell you." Cas added, almost as if he could read his mind.
"That's not a good idea. I need to talk to you." He replied and Cas just nodded as he walked out his bedroom, onto the balcony with Dean.  "Wait, what are you doing?" Dean questioned, watching as Cas closed the door behind himself.
Dean barely had a second to process everything before fire began to spark from the engine of the crane. All the workers began to run away, knowing that fire and leaking fuel wasn't a good combination.
It was Claire's 17th birthday and whoever was calling him, could wait. It was his daughters birthday and he was going to enjoy it and take as many photos as he could.
Although, Castiel frequently wondered, despite how pointless it was, but he still wondered how different his life might have been if him and Dean had stayed together.
"That's a relief, otherwise what I'm going to ask next would have been really awkward." Castiel chuckled causing Dean to snap his head back up towards Castiel in confusion. "Do you want to grab a drink with me? Maybe Saturday at the Roadhouse... 6 o'clock?"
If his father ever found out that he was also into guys... he didn't even want to think about how he'd react.
"Did he do that to your eye?" Cas asked softly.
There was an old Ford Ranchero parked inside that Bobby was no doubt fixing up before he passed away.
Dean let out a sigh of relief when he heard Cas' car door open and close as he leant back down against the car when suddenly Castiel came marching back in.
The day started out like every other Thursday. Dean had been sawing away at wooden logs that had already been cut down by the river bed. Making sure they were the correct sizes to fit into the back of the semi-trucks.
"Yes, sir." Dean answered, dropping his head in shame.
To most, his life probably seemed boring, but he liked it that way.
He began to make his way back inside, closing the glass sliding door behind him as he walked into the kitchen and picked up his phone from the bench. He couldn't recognise the phone number flashing on the screen as he answered the call.
Castiel didn't responded for a few seconds, seeming lost in thought and Dean wasn't sure why that was such a difficult question.
But, after the fire... after his baby brother died, the woods weren't the same. Nothing was the same anymore without Sammy and Dean knew it never would be.
"That's a understatement." Dean muttered causing Cas to laugh.
He worked on the Ford Mustang for most the afternoon after Cas left, but he couldn't stop thinking about him.
Claire had been really understanding. She gave him a hug and asked if he wanted her to go with him for support. Cas appreciated the offer, but kindly declined. Kelly, however, was not as supportive.
Dean just watched as the black BMW drove out the property, leaving him leaning against the garage door in utter shock.
Once he heard Cas enter the garage he stood up a bit straighter, but made sure to keep the left side of his face hidden behind the hood of the car. He didn't want Cas to see the nasty bruise that had formed over his left eye.
He parked in the small carpark at the back and walked through the old rusty gate.
Cas smiled watching Claire splash her friends before his phone began ringing again from inside.
When Castiel got back to his mothers house, she had already left for her afternoon tea with her friends which Cas was relieved about because he needed some time alone to just sit and think.
Castiel had been sitting at the small table under the front veranda of the Roadhouse café for over an hour now.
He closed the hood of the truck and walked outside to where Cas was still standing.
"I'm not what?" His father repeated.
The look on his fathers face was priceless as Dean's hand tightened around John's fist before he pushed it away. John stared at him in disbelief before a grin slowly broke out across his face.
"Time to come home, Dean." His fathers voice suddenly called out.
Despite the amount of alcohol running through his fathers blood, the man didn't even look drunk. Fucking seasonal drinker.
She offered him a settlement, so he wouldn't file a lawsuit against them and he took it. And his boss wrote the check then and there.
"Cas." Dean suddenly called out.
But, as his father took another swing about to punch him again, Dean quickly took a step back and caught his fist before it could connect to his face.
Dean wasn't sure if Cas was glad or annoyed at Bobby for doing it, but he sure as hell wasn't going to ask.
"He thinks he's smarter than us. Is that true? You think you're smarter than us? Think you're too good for this family?" His father questioned a slight edge to his tone that made Dean quickly shake his head.
The sky now dark after the sun had set, thick storm clouds covered the sky as he continued running down the street, relieved that his family property was on the other side of town and none of them would be out driving in this weather.
He spotted his fathers black pickup truck parked out the front, but no others vehicles were in the area indicating that his fathers friends had left while he'd been at school and he sure as hell wasn't going to complain about that.
"That foldout couch over there ought to be more comfortable than the ground. Water out the hose is good to drink. If there's any trouble, anything goes missing, anything like that, the next one to wake you up will be a Sheriff's Deputy. You understand that?" The man asked and it took Dean's brain a few seconds to process what the man was saying.
He knew a guy like Castiel Novak was way out of his league. Hell, he was almost certain the guy was straight, although in this town it wasn't really an option to be gay.
No way would Castiel even be remotely interest him. He was one of the most popular guys at school, he could have whoever he wanted, so why would he want him?
So far, Jo had taken the pregnancy in her stride and although she wasn't showing yet, it was only a matter of time before she did. But, she didn't seem worried about being pregnant at school, hell, she wouldn't be the first one anyway.
Dean tries to think of what made Sam so fearful of him, what made him think he wouldn't accept him.
Anything.
At least he does until striking blue eyes look straight at him. Blue eyes bruised, the side of his face bloody and bruised. And suddenly Dean felt full of fire, fire rushing through his veins. Breaking every unspoken rule they had, he asked through the fog that rushed over him.
"I'm gonna go now, just, don't worry and go to bed, we will talk about this later. I love you Sammy, okay?"
He sure feels like it.
The short man has a look of sudden realization, awkwardly moving aside, muttering some sort of goodbye as he passed by Sam, gently gripping his hand as he passed him, going back into the dorm.
Even though he never went to that rink again, he would escape to it, every now and again. Even if it was just in his own mind.
Sam gulps, coughing immediately after.
Sam chuckles, it's heavy and full of unspoken words but he smiles. "I thought you said no chick flick moments."
The skate shop was closed and the doors were chained as if someone had tried to break-in, like something had happened. He didn't know the man's name, so he just wandered the countless halls of the rink, watching the lights turn on as he explored each new corridor, each new room of the seemingly small rink. It seemed like each time he thought he was back by the skate shop, he'd just find a new hall, he looked down one hallway, watching as it seemingly expanded endlessly as his eyes started to blur.
He went to tug on his heart, to take some of his sorrow, but instead of the string of blue, he felt a void. His heart wavered, suddenly he doubts himself, he thinks for a split second the boy can't see him.
The line goes straight to voicemail.
Dean nods and smiles a little awkwardly.
He looked behind him, Bobby and Sam roaring with laughter as the guilty culprit shook off his wet hand from the snow he collected from the ice shaved by skating.
Dean's sharp intake of oxygen and his slightly watery eyes give it away. Nobody says anything but Bobby can connect the dots, Sam doesn't know, and Dean, for once glad that he wasn't raised by John.
"Dean? What's wrong?" Bobby asks, sounding more alert. He hears the sound of movement on the other end of the line.
"He's gone."
Dean's face scrunches up, he puts his head in his hands, his shoulders shaking. Bobby approaches him carefully, like he'd snap and try to attack him if he got too close.
No words came out for a while, he stopped himself, looking pale, paler than a hunter should in this situation.
Teaching Dean how to skate was just one of the many things Bobby did for him and Sam. One of the many things that made him a better father than he could ever ask for. A better father than the one he had.
"It's like a vampire, but without a physical form. it went too long unbanished and turned into a demon, a Drac,"
Castiel practically ran to him, hugging him tightly, holding him close.
"Hey dude, this is Castiel, he's the other half of the double date we mentioned."
Dean hits the ice for the first time, John has some thoughts about that.
He laughed wetly, trying to keep his vision from blurring.
John told Dean to man up, to stop being a sissy when he had cried after his first break-up. John told him to get up and quit whining when a spirit cut straight through the flesh of his arms, leaving jagged and bleeding cuts that bled like a flooded basement.
If he thought Sam's eyebrows were already raised, he was clearly wrong. His eyebrows shot up, he gave Dean the most confused face he had ever given him. Gabriel looked amused, not really concerned though. Dean gave Sam a look, it said
He looks at Dean with a look Dean could only compare to the one Sam gave him before he told him he stole dad's shotgun for the first time.
It was one of those nights, with nightmares of blue eyes staring judgingly at him, daring him to come back, to come back to the rink. He dreams of entering those doors once again, but each time, he's stopped in his tracks by John. John pulls him close, embracing him at first and then stabbing him with a dagger, right in the heart. "I don't raise fags."
Living in his mind.
- James
"John? What the hell?!"
"You don't-"
He does start getting uncomfortable when the guy tried to grab Sam's shirt off. He clears his throat as Sam pushes his hands back, his blush going up to his ears. "Uh, Gabriel, this is Dean, my older brother. Dean, this is Gabe, my boyfriend..."
Sam looks at him, he can't decrypt what his face is saying, he just knows it's breaking his heart. Fuck, he should have done better.
Dean shakes his hand, smiling at him and looking over at Sam, who looked lighter than he'd seen him since he was in middle school.
See yall in the next fic!
"I don't know if I'm gonna make it Bobby."
"What do you mean?" Dean asked, the grief he felt weighing down on his heart.
Sam is asleep in the backseat, Dean's flannel covering his small body, Dean could remember the days when he was a toddler, trying to feed him a half-eaten funyun that he found on the floor in their motel of the week. Dean ate it, it was stale and covered in baby drool but he ate it, just to make his little brother laugh his little toddler giggle, the kid grew so damn fast.
But he couldn't stay too long, the doorway was haunted by memories of his dad, and not the good ones.
stuff. a  shirt too small folded on the table, a rack with shoes Sam would never wear, a coat, a rose plant, stuff. Dean looks Sam dead in the eyes. "This stuff is important to you, so it's important to me." and as if that took the air out of the room and filled it with helium, the atmosphere seems lighter, Sam's shoulders have uncurled from his hunch, even if it was barely an inch. It wasn't much, but it was enough.
He tries to let it go
That grief that soon turned to anger, he hit the bedframe, hard.
He was all alone, and he had nobody to blame but himself.
His bones might be ready, but he sure as hell had a lot of shit to live for.
Dean blinks, slightly confused at the sudden change of subject.
God, he loves him.
Dean looked at Bobby again, his shining eyes looked like a sorrowful rainforest. Full of anger and sadness and so much pain, so much more pain then a twenty-four year old should be in. Bobby wished he could take this from him, this guilt.
“Son of a bitch! Eddie! You are cheating on Cas?!” When Dean saw Eddie and Buck kissing, he was mad as hell.
“Dean, everything will be fine. I know you are a great firefighter, and you are very good at that. Alright, ten years later, we will sit here and share the same good times. At least for ten years, you will be safe.”
“They’re over there.” Dean told Castiel. Eddie waved at Dean, and Buck also turned and waved to them. This was Dean’s second visit to this restaurant, and he had a feeling he would be eating a lot of strawberry pies this time.
Eddie and Castiel have been a couple for two weeks. These days Buck avoided meeting them by using different excuses. He missed Eddie and Christopher; he missed the feeling when he closed to Eddie and he also missed those days when three of them were together, the days of boisterous laughter. But it was the choice he made. It was too late for him to know how much he loved Eddie and how much he wanted to be Christopher’s father.
“To a relationship.”
“What’s wrong with Cas?” Sam let go of Dean’s arm and looked at Dean with a puzzled face.
“I wanna let everyone know that you’re mine.” Dean said while moving his hand around Castiel’s waist down to Castiel’s cock, and then gave it a gentle squeeze. Castiel rolled his eyes at Dean, shuddered and moaned.
Buck checked and found that Henry was not breathing, so he rolled Henry over and let him lying on his back. Buck knew even paramedics are on the their way but he must do something until they get here, so he started doing CPR that he learned from Eddie before. He kept doing chest compressions until paramedics arrived. There was a heavy atmosphere at the bar, some people were whispering and some people were praying.
“What are your terms?” Buck was curious.
Castiel had a wonderful dinner with Eddie and Christopher. Christopher was born with cerebral palsy and has movement disorders, but he is a smart, polite and cheerful child, just like a little angel. Eddie raised him very well, and Castiel knew how lucky he would be if he could become one of the fathers of this child.
“Of course, I can't order beer for an underage boy, can I?”
“Will you come with me?”
“This is a relationship that stands for love and loyalty. This is a relationship that stands for honesty and trust.”
Buck opened the box and found a photo frame with a picture of Eddie and him which took on the day they met. He recalled their first met in the football game and smiled softly. Then he found out the sheet of paper napkin which had written down the deal between Eddie and him. Actually, Buck had no intention of keeping his promise. He just wanted to comfort Eddie, who had just been dumped by someone, so he made the deal with Eddie at that time. Buck had already forgotten the deal when Eddie got married.
“Thanks!” Eddie took the plastic bag from Buck with a warm smile.
“I do, I do!” Buck shouted with excitement. He thought he’d lost Eddie but he never thought he’d get him back. This time he would grab Eddie tight and never give him to anyone else.
Castiel was wearing a white wedding suit with perfect hair, and he looked so handsome. He seemed so nerves but happy. He gave a little smile to Dean when he saw Dean.
*****************************************
He looked at his watch and it’s half past nine p.m. of 26th. It’s a Boxing day. Boxing day? It reminded his something and he thought he may know where are Castiel now.
Castiel opened the closet and unconsciously picked out the blue tie. He looked into the mirror and knotted the blue tie slowly. He thought about Dean, who had always said that the blue tie matched the color of his eyes. A feeling of heartache made Castiel close his eyes, but then he saw a familiar face with those unforgettable green eyes. He recalled the first time they had met.
The mission was just to deal with a small fire. Dean and his team set off back in less than an hour. Dean is welcomed by Sam’s bitch face.
“Buck!” Eddie walked through the crowd to Buck.
“May I take this seat?”
In fact, Castiel remembered him. Besides the fact that Dean saved his life, Dean’s handsome outlook was also unforgettable to Castiel. But he never thought he’d have the chance to seeing Dean again. Dean said that normally they would only called the hospital to ask for the condition of the injured people, and never contact the injured people again after they completed their mission. However, because Castiel was his first direct rescue of the injured person after he became a firefighter, he wanted to check on Castiel in person. Dean also came twice in next two weeks. They kept in touch after Castiel was discharged from the hospital. Although their personalities were poles-apart, they got along well and became good friends. Dean even introduced his younger brother Sam to him. It didn’t take long for Castiel to fall in love with Dean.
After promising to talk to Castiel at the end of his shift, Dean finally got rid of Sam. But then he and Eddie were summoned by Bobby at the same time.
“Well, you got it.” Dean held up the beer in his hand. “For being alive!”
Castiel was shocked and stunned, his eyes were as big as saucers. Dean’s lips were so soft. Then all of a sudden Dean started biting Castiel lower lip. A little painful made Castiel opened his mouth slightly, and he felt Dean’s tongue is touching his teeth. It seemed that Dean want to put his tongue into Castiel’s mouth, so he closed his eyes and let Dean to do what he wanted.
“Shall we continue with what we were doing before that?” Buck’s face flushed, and he looked down at the ground with embarrassment.
“It’s Cas’s first time coming over tonight. You know, meeting Christopher. I want to do something special.”
“What’s that?” Castiel struggled to gather his thoughts and cast a questioning glance at Dean.
“Birthday? what are you talking about? My birthday is few months later. Buck!” Eddie took out a gift box from the paper bag, opened it, and there was a photo frame with a picture of them.
Castiel didn’t want to wake up because he had a sweet dream. He was named Roy in the dream, but he had a black cat named “Castiel”. They lived with Dean in a white cottage, and Dean in the dream is always satisfied with his every request. Castiel opened his eyes with a happy smile.
“Why are you telling me this?” I don’t care what relationship you're going to develop!” Dean's voice was so loud that his nearby colleagues looked at them.
“Party!” Christopher showed his excitement.
“Well, you can see that.” Castiel gave a bitter smile and hung his head.
“Dean, just talk to Cas. Okay? He has listened to you for many years, could you just listen to him for once?” Dean’s temper is not good, and even they are brothers, Sam couldn't stand Dean sometimes. Dean seems to have many friends but Castiel is the only one who could tolerate him for so many years. Besides, Castiel and Sam are also good friends, Sam didn’t want his elder brother have a trouble with his good friend.
*****************************************
“Painting class, the after school program.” Eddie walked from the kitchen back to the living room after putting the ice-cream into the freezer. He didn’t sit down, just stood and responded to Buck.
“Son of a bitch! Of course you're sorry!” ” Dean yelled and walked away.
“Good night.” Christopher said and closed his eyes.
Castiel didn’t have many friends, only Meg visited him in the hospital besides his family. Balthazar had also been there, but he was immediately driven away by Meg. In the second week of staying in the hospital, an unexpected person showed up.
It is rare for Dean to wear a suit, but he wore a black suit with a blue tie today. He just caught up with a wedding which was held in a beautiful garden. He took an empty seat, listened to the opening words recited by the priest, and looked at the grooms. It’s a wedding of Castiel.
Castiel showed the painful look. Whenever Dean’s name was mentioned, Castiel would show that look. Although it only lasted very briefly, Eddie could still catch it clearly.
“Do you... do you know what you’re doing?” Castiel sat next to Dean and asked him gingerly.
“Idiot!” Eddie sighed.
“Well, that sounds great.” Dean raised the whiskey in his hand. “To us, for now and ten years later!”
Dean thought Castiel is his best friend and he telling the truth wouldn’t affect their friendship, and he thought Castiel had screwed up everything. Dean could not sleep well these few days and he started another shift work in a bad mood.
“Don’t forget to bring our plan.”
Castiel suddenly had a glimpse of the past in his mind…
Dean speeded up when Castiel starting to stroke his own cock. Dean repeatedly pull out his penis and dig in deep until he heard Castiel’s screaming and shaking his waist. He knew he had found Castiel’s prostate gland again. Castiel kept moaning and calling Dean’s name over and over again, and it drove Dean fuck him harder and harder.
“Do you take this man to love, honor and comfort, and keep in sickness and in health; in sadness and in joy, and cherish and bestow upon him your deepest devotion for as long as you both shall live?” The priest resumed to recite his word after waiting for a while.
Castiel was not only hiding his sexual interest from Dean, he also kept another secret for years. Regarding to the car accident that happened on the day they first met, Castiel told everyone that he was distracted and ran off the road by mistake. But the truth is that he was about to take his own life that day and he never told this secret to anyone. And after all these years, he had buried it all in the deepest part of his heart. But in this moment, somehow that the feeling of despair came back again. He knew he will start a new relationship soon, and if all goes well, he may even have a chance to have a new family. He shook his head hardly, and then ripped off the blue tie that had been tied around his neck.
“Um… you have plan today, right? I can see it.” Buck just noticed that Eddie was wearing an apron.
“Okay, I’ll come and bring the Christmas gift.”
On the others hand, about the thing of homophobic… Indeed, Dean didn’t know how to deal with a gay guy well compared to bisexuals, or lesbians. He thought he would never discriminate against gay men but actually they made him a little bit sick. He blamed that it’s just a physical repulsion from them.
Dean opened his eyes and found that he was wearing a white suit and standing in front of someone. He looked up and saw Castiel’s smiley face. Castiel is so close to him and Dean suddenly realized that he is the groom of Castiel. It’s so exciting and incredible, Castiel seemed so perfect. Dean leaned forward and closed his eyes while kissing Castiel.
“Dad, why hasn’t Buck come over lately? I want to play TV games with him.” Christopher laid on the bed and looked at Eddie.
“What?” Dean was stunned and looked at Eddie with eyes wide open.” Didn’t you guys just be together for a month? What the hell is going on?”
“Being single.” Buck and Eddie clinked their glasses with a crisp sound.
“Dean, I’m so sorry…”
--  20/12  14:31  Received
“Cas and I both have someone irreplaceable in our hearts.” Eddie gives Buck a glance. “Dean, I’m not trying to interfere with your life, I just want you to think about what Cas means to you.” Eddie didn’t get mad at Dean, although he did get a punch in his face. He felt that Dean and he are very much alike: he has Christopher, and Dean has Sam. Their closest family member is almost everything to them, and because of this, they have always neglected the fact that there are other people around them who are so irreplaceable. He almost missed out on the perfect one, and he didn’t want Dean to make the same mistake.
“Eddie is a good guy, and he will cherish you.”
--  20/12  14:31  Sent
“How many times have I told you not to thank me again, and the other...”
*****************************************
“Cas and Eddie broke up.” Although he still felt very confused, he spilled the beans to Sam. When Sam started to ask him for more information, the alarm at the fire station suddenly went off, and Dean took the opportunity to escape on the excuse of going on field duty.
“Yeah, that was a really good time, and that’s the day we met.” Buck looked at Eddie's touching face, and that warmed him up too. “I made two of them, one for you and one for me. You know I just wanted to do something you would like.” Buck raised the soda in his hand, “Here's to the girls... and the boys. Fuck them!”
“Wow, should I say thank you for his announcement at this time?” Dean smiled coldly on hearing Eddie’s words.
Ten years ago.
Eddie was holding the same napkin as Buck. He took the napkin from Buck’s hand and then tore the napkins in half in front of Buck.
Castiel nodded with a smile. It was the next day after the Boxing day. Sam had a dinner with his high school friends and he promised to have a drink with Dean and Castiel, but it he didn’t show up finally.
“Thank you, and see you later.” Eddie took Buck to the front door.
Dean smiled with satisfaction and turned Castiel over. Castiel’s blue eyes were watery and misty staring at Dean, and he panted heavily. The red, swollen nipples on his chest were rising and falling, leading Dean lean down and take another bite, which made Castiel sob.
“Why do you suddenly introduce someone to me?” Eddie frowned.
Dean remembered that when he drove his “Baby” from Los Angeles to Lawrence for over 14 hours, he decided to go to a restaurant to have some food. Driving a long distance is a very stressful task, especially after eating, and Dean started to get sleepy. He planned to go back to the lmpala for a nap, but as he opened the door of Impala, he saw a pharmacy across the street, which reminded him that he was out of condoms at home. He knew it was not the right time to deal with this issue, but he walked to the pharmacy. He picked his favorite condom from the shelf, grabbed a box of disposable lube and headed for the checkout counter. When he got back to the car, Dean stared at the items in his hands for a long time, then he unpacked the box and stuffed two condoms and a couple of packets of lube into the pocket of his jeans.
“…I now pronounce you husband and husband. You may now kiss your groom.”
“Do you remember you asked me what I want the most before? I said I didn’t know, but in fact I did. And I knew that no matter how hard I tried, I would never get what I wanted, because what I wanted was you --Dean Winchester! I fell in love with you the first year we met...” Tears welled in Castiel's eyes, but he really didn’t want to shed tears in front of Dean.
“Edmundo Diaz, you're only twenty-two, why would you tell someone who's not even twenty that you're afraid of dying alone?” Buck said roughly.
“Hey, it’s just a date, don’t be so nervous.” Dean glanced back at Castiel before opening the door of the restaurant. “And didn’t you just cry out with pleasure?” Dean winked at Castiel cheekily.
“I'm sorry, I didn't know he’s Eddie's colleague.”
*****************************************
“I don’t know.” Castiel said it without meeting Dean’s eye. He couldn’t let Dean know he was lying.
“What the hell?! Why did he just tell you?” Dean was so mad that he stared at Sam and his hands gripped the edge of the sink.
“Do you know how hard for me to be by your side at Lawrence for those three years? I could stand watching you changed girlfriends again and again, at least I could keep the position of the ‘best friend’. But when you decided to have a long-term relationship with Lisa, I knew I wanted to be more than a ‘best friend’, I wanted to be your boyfriend!” Castiel couldn't hold back his tears and tears raced down his cheeks finally. He could tell from Dean's stunned expression that Dean never seemed to think about his best friend had a secret crush to him. But it’s no longer important, he wants to end everything today.
One month ago
“Ten years later, same table. Same company. Same good times.” Dean waved down the bartender and ordered a glass whiskey before answering Castiel’s question with a smile.
“Did you bring that plan with you?” Eddie didn’t answer Buck’s question. He checked around the changing room, as if to make sure no one else was there.
“Eddie, are you okay?” Buck helped Eddie up and checked Eddie’s face for injuries. The punch mark on Eddie’s face made Buck feel a heartache.
“The thing I want the most…” Castiel whispered. He looked at Dean, who has handsome face with freckles on his cheeks. Castiel really wanted to tell Dean what he wanted him the most, but he knew he couldn’t say that.
“Cas...”
*****************************************
“Dean, Cas probably has some reasons. Why don’t you talk to him?” Sam stood next to Dean with a cloth in his hand.
Castiel felt his cheeks heat up. He watched Dean begin to take off his jeans and boxers. It was the first time Castiel had seen Dean’s erection, and it was obviously that Dean has an undoubtedly large penis. He couldn’t help but swallow, wondering what it would taste like. Before he could do anything else, Dean had him pinned down and started kissing him. He wet Castiel’s lips with a lick, then began to nibble and bite Castiel’s lips until he made his way into Castiel’s mouth. Dean is an aggressive kisser, he stuck his tongue in Castiel’ month and made Castiel feel like his breath was being taken away. Before he passed out from lack of oxygen, Dean finally moved his kiss from his lips down to the neck of Castiel. Dean sucked hard, making Castiel grunt softly. Then Dean started a series of gentle, feather-light kisses. Dean suddenly teased Castiel’s nipples with the tip of his tongue without any warning, causing Castiel to shake and moan with pleasure.
Buck didn't have any date at all tonight. He knew that Eddie and Castiel would welcome him if he wanted to stay. But he didn't want to stay. Buck made up his mind to hook up Eddie and Castiel because he knew they would get along well. But ever since the night Eddie met Castiel, Buck has felt like his heart was being emptied.
--  20/12  14:29  Sent
“He... I...” Dean looked up at his brother, who was half a head taller than him, and he lost his words. He then realized he was still in uniform, and his 24-hour shift work would not end until noon tomorrow. Dean had no idea what he should or wanted to do, except that the thought of meeting Castiel was lingering in his mind.
“What?!” Eddie had told Buck he liked Castiel so much, hence Buck was shocked that they broke up after dating for only a month.
“Cas, Dean... is that guy, right?" Buck asked Castiel when Eddie went out to pick up his car.
“You guys know each other?” Eddie scanned both Dean and Castiel.
“Dean, don't be a dick, okay? Even family members can have secrets. Cas has his reasons for keeping his secrets. I don't understand why you're so angry. If you still think of Cas as your friend, why don’t you talk to him?” Eddie lost his patience for facing up to unreasonable Dean. He closed the locker door and turned away.
“Hey, do you have any plan or wish for the new year? Or… anything you want the most?”
“Buck!” Christopher came to Buck with his cane in both hands and then hugged his leg.
“Cas, are you busy on Christmas Day?” Eddie asked in the middle of dinner.
“I’ll bring over there.”
Eddie laughed at the awkward smile of his adorable son. Eddie stroked Christopher’s hair, recalling when Castiel had offered to arrange speech therapy for Christopher, and he had refused at first, but finally agreed to Castiel’s suggestion. Eddie and Castiel had been dating for nearly a month, and they had only dated twice alone. They spent most of time in Eddie’s home with Christopher. Castiel not only accompanied Christopher to do some pronunciation exercises, but also guided him in his homework. Castiel is really more like a teacher, as Christopher said.
“It seems that the problem between you has been solved, right? If you have a problem next time, find another way to solve it.” Bobby said and let them go.
“Cas!”
The awkward silence didn’t last long. Buck’s eyes widened and he lifted his head incredulously. The next second he jumped to Eddie and hugged him tightly.
William, I don't know whether you will read this message or not, I’m very grateful for your help and support, and I know I could not finish this English fiction without you!! Also, Wishing you a very happy birthday!!
Dean started thrusting his penis in and out of Castiel slowly and deeply. He leaned down to Castiel and kissed him. Castiel tangled his one hand in Dean’s hair and pulling it slightly, and his another hand clawed into Dean’s back and Dean knew that it would properly leaving scratches, but he didn’t mind. It just made him feel more excited.
*****************************************
“Dean, as long as we get into your house, you keep nagging about Cas. Don’t you get tired of it? And if you keep washing the same dish, we won’t be able to wash up all the dishes tonight.” Sam said roughly.
“I’m...” Castiel bit his lower lip, he knew it was irreversible, and no matter how he apologized, Dean wouldn’t forgive him. Castiel had took a deep breath.
“He didn’t come here today.”
Eddie met Shannon six months later, they fell in love and got married within three months. Eddie then joined the army. A year later their son Christopher was born.
“I'm fine... not fine at all, Mandy just dumped me.” Eddie was very frustrated.
*****************************************
“Oh, Eddie, I'm sorry. I can't believe she picked the Valentine's Day to dump you.” The waiter brought Buck a soda.
“A back-up plan?” Eddie squinted his eyes. “Are you serious?”
“Fire station is having a party in the afternoon on Christmas Day and we’ll exchange gifts. Christopher will be there also. He said he hasn’t seen you for a long time, are you coming that day?”
“Really?” Maddie gave an ambiguous smile. “Huh? The Valentine’s Day after ten years? Isn’t that just less than four months? You’re both single right now, soon it will be time for you and Eddie to be a couple, how sweet!” She said and looked very happy.
“Wow, you and Eddie have a deal like this, you are so adorable.” Maddie winked at Buck.
“I broke up with Cas.” Eddie said calmly, stepping between Buck and Dean.
“Henry, he… I don’t know… We were talking and… he just fell down.” The guy seemed nervous and chaotic.
They moved closer and sealing their lips together. Castiel could feel Eddie’s breath on his face. It wasn’t an intense kiss, their tongues were intertwined, exploring each other slowly. Eddie was on top of Castiel, one of his hands was sliding into Castiel’s sweater and caressing him. Castiel knew what was going to happen next: they would kiss a little while, and then make love in Eddie’s room, sometimes he would spend the night with Eddie. He thought may be few months later, he would move to Eddie’s home and live with Eddie and Christopher.
“They're over there.” Eddie looked around for a moment, then pointed to Buck.
“Uh, he told me a few years ago.” Sam looked away with an embarrassed look on his face.
“Cas, listen to me. You didn’t know how I miss you after Eddie and you have become a couple. And I wanted to meet you right away when I knew you’ve broken up with Eddie. I… I miss having you in my life.” Dean had token a deep breath. “I’m not gay or bi either. But I want you—Castiel Novak! I only want to be with you.” Dean held Castiel’s hand with a serious look.
*****************************************
“Good night.” Eddie kissed on Christopher’s forehead.
*****************************************
Eddie and Castiel have been a couple for a month, and Dean knew it’s time to give them a blessing. After helping to prepare some party snacks, he looked for Eddie and Castiel in the crowd. He didn’t see Castiel, but he did see Eddie and Buck walking towards the changing room. He wondered what they were doing, and after thinking about it for a while, he decided to go to the changing room.
“What are you doing here?” Dean opened the door and said it coldly when he heard someone knocking the door. Although everyone told him to talk to Castiel, he refused to answer Castiel's calls or check text messages sent to him for two weeks.
Castiel was cleaning up and washing the dishes after dinner. He told Eddie that because Eddie did cooking, he would do cleaning up. He insisted on sharing the works with Eddie. Eddie took the time to give Christopher a bath. And then Eddie put Christopher to bed and told him a bedside story. When he was sure Christopher was sleeping, he left the room and closed the door gently.
*****************************************
Dean bowed his head and closed his eyes when he heard Castiel’s words. He could only feel of sadness and regret in this moment.
“Actually, you missed the best strawberry pie. Cas said it was the best strawberry pie he’d ever had.”
“Goodbye, Dean.” Castiel closed his eyes. He began to sob, and choked out.
When Dean decided to make the long trip to Lawrence to meet Castiel, he really just wanted to tell him how much he missed him and how much he wanted to be with him. Dean didn’t intend to sleep with Castiel as soon as he met him. But now he was glad he was prepared. He had never done it with a guy before, but he had tried anal with Lisa several years ago, and he had only entered a little before she stopped because it was so hurt.
It seemed that Dean was only love chicks and Castiel knew he didn’t have any chance, but at least he wanted to come out to Dean while he just missed every opportunities. On the other hand, Castiel found that Dean always felt sick whenever he was with a gay man, so he was hesitated coming out to Dean.
“Although I’d like to work here, I don’t really want to be partnered with Dean.” Buck muttered in the direction of Dean’s leaving.
Thank you very much for reading this story and hope you could enjoy it. It's not an easy task for me to write in English, but it's a very wonderful experience for me! Love you and especially thanks to the people who left me a kudos!!
“Hey, Eddie, are you alright?” Buck arrived at the restaurant as soon as he got Eddie's call.
“That I love you.”
Castiel looked at the back of the person who he had been loving for so long, he also tried to stop him, but he got nothing to say. He stretched out his right hand as if he were trying to catch something, but he knew he couldn't catch anything, and he had just lost his best friend.
Buck have moved from Abby’s apartment to his sister, Maddie’s home for more than three months. He didn’t have too much stuff but he didn't want to open all the carton boxes and take out the stuff. He just left several carton boxes in a corner of Maddie's home. Deep down inside, Buck felt Abby and he were still together as long as he hadn’t taken all the stuff out. But everyone knew Abby had already dumped him a year ago.
“Dean, we’ll be... late.” Castiel said, but he was already leaning over Dean’s body, rubbing his hips against Dean’s erection through the fabric.
“To friends.” Buck responded.
At first Dean was worried about Sam would have a problem with it or say something when he took Castiel with him and explained to Sam that they were together.
Castiel stopped walking but didn’t turn around. He just prayed for a freaking miracle.
“Yeah. Thank you, Dean. I might not be able to sit here today, if you didn’t save me.”
“I really didn’t mean to hide it from you, it’s just that... I kept missing the chance.” Castiel stopped and turned to look at Dean.
*****************************************
“I still like Buck better.” Christopher said with a pure and innocent look.
Eddie was exhausted after a twelve-hour shift. However, he wanted to have a drink before going to bed. He went to the kitchen to get a beer and then walked to the living room. He put the beer on the edge of the cupboard which next to several photo frames. He picked up the one made by Buck with the photo when they first met. He touched the face of Buck on the photo with his thumb. Although it has been almost ten years, Eddie still remembered the day when Buck handed him the frame. It was Valentine’s Day, and he had arranged a date in a fine dining restaurant for his girlfriend. However, his girlfriend showed up with a guy and told Eddie that this was her new boyfriend. Eddie was shocked, but surprisingly, he didn’t feel particularly sad. After his ex-girlfriend left with her new boyfriend, Eddie called Buck right away.
“What? Cas?” Dean stopped. He frowned and sat up in bed. He seemed confused and discontented.
“It’s this sacred and holy estate which you enter into as one. And if there is anyone who has just cause why these two should not join as one, let him speak now or forever hold his peace.” The priest scanned between the guests of the wedding.
“I’m your best friend, who is more qualified than me to plan a date and find a partner for you? Buck was exciting and looking straight at Eddie. “He is a language therapist, and he loved children. You and Christopher will like him very much.”
Three days later, Castiel appeared as Eddie’s boyfriend and visited Eddie’s home again.
“Um… I’ve got a date tonight. I met a chick on the apps.” Buck said and he put his hands on the chest to express the chick has huge boobs. “She’s hot.” Buck paused for a moment, “Go ahead and do your thing, everything will be perfect.”  Buck tapped on Eddie the shoulder and gave him a genuine smile. He stood up and prepared to leave.
“I’m gonna working on Christmas, and the fire station is having a party in the afternoon on Christmas Day. Friends and family of the people on duty can join the party. Also, we’ll exchange gifts.” Eddie paused, “Dean will be on duty that day, too.”
“What the fuck?” Dean was so angry that blue veins popped on his forehead and his body trembled slightly.
“Buck... he’s very busy. Isn’t Cas playing with you, too?” Eddie sat on Christopher’s side of the bed and tucked his son in.
“That’s right, but why would your best friend introduce you guys but not chicks? I still don’t get it.” Dean questioned.
“Um… actually I almost forgot it.” Dean’s fingers rubbed around the rim of the glass. “But that’s not the only thing I’ve almost forgotten.” He said and took a large swing of his whiskey.
--  20/12  13:44  Received
“Cas, you know how dangerous my job is, right? I’m afraid I will die before the day of Sam’s college graduation sometimes. You know I’m his only family member, and if I wasn’t there, I can’t imagine what he’d be like.” After having a couple of beers, Dean started to order something stronger. He had a lot of drinking this evening, and seemed a little drunk. Castiel knew that Dean had lost a colleague from another fire station in a fire which had broken out on the day before Christmas Eve. Dean was still upset for it.
That night Castiel laid on his bed, staring up at the ceiling with his bedside lamp on as he thought about what happened today.
It probably wasn't a good idea to take on five guys at once, but boy was he considering it if they kept that shit up. He didn't even care that they were Castiel's friends and brothers, he'd knock them out for yelling at Jo like that.
He didn't even want to think about Cas being with another person and he hated himself for those selfish thoughts, because Cas deserved to be happy, but Dean couldn't help it.
He sat up on the ground to find Cas still sitting in his usual spot on the stool by the work bench while Dean worked on the 1957 Ford Thunderbird that Bobby now had in the garage.
His father was here, it's been weeks and he hadn't heard a single thing from his family and then he just shows up out of nowhere while Cas was here. That was the one thing Dean was trying to avoid.
"My friend thinks you were trying to talk to me the other day." He wasn't entirely sure why he said that, but it had been bugging him ever since Jo said it.
He couldn't stay here anymore. He could barely hold himself back from punching his father and all his father had done was hit him twice. John had done a hell of a lot worse than that over the years, most of which involved belts and cigarettes.
He was done with his fathers bullshit. He was done with letting his father drag him around and doing runs or deliveries for him. He was done with it all.
"Mr Novak and Mr Winchester?"
"His name was Sam."
"What?" Kelly questioned, looking over her shoulder towards him.
"I used to take my little brother out here when we were younger." Dean answered, trying very hard not to think about Sam and the fire.
"I had to see you." He explained breathlessly and Cas knew he had ran all the way here.
That was all he could bring himself to say. Even then it sounded more like a question than any form of greeting as he stared at the man he fell in love with all those years ago.
"This is our last year at school and then we can move away and you won't ever have to see your father again, maybe go to college or something." Cas said and Dean sighed.
It was then, while Cas was staring at him in shock from outside the garage, that Dean suddenly knew why Bobby had insisted he'd come back home. Bobby had somehow planned this little reunion all along. Even if they hadn't met here, they would've met tomorrow no matter what and Dean wasn't sure if he wanted to punch or hug Bobby for setting this whole thing up.
Dean lifted his head, his eyes locking with Castiel's blue ones. There wasn't any judgement or anger in the mans eyes and all Dean could do was nod ever so slightly before the placed the wrench on the work bench behind him and walked out the garage.
In his own quiet way, Dean made him feel like anything was possible. He wondered whether Dean had found someone to make him feel that way again, but life for an ex-con was never easy.
He knew Claire wasn't a fan of how many photos he would take of the family with his camera. But, after losing his son at just 2-years-old due to cancer, and only having a handful of photos to remember him by, Cas made an effort to take more photos so he could always keep the memories with him.
"You hang around with me long enough and you will." He muttered, but Cas shook his head, cupping the side of Dean's face with his hands.
He made his way over to the work bench were the paperwork and owners information was usually kept.
Dean quickly glanced over his shoulder from his position on the ground to find Bobby walking down the front steps of his house with a lever action rifle in his hands.
"Two." He finally answered, but there something off about his tone, but again Dean wasn't going to call him out about it, if Cas wanted to talk then he'd talk.
Dean could easily outlast the light shower of rain in the woods, but when the rain began to get heavier and heavier, he knew he needed to find shelter somewhere unless he wanted to get cold.
"Think this is karma? Payback for being party to the honking the other day?" Castiel asked causing Dean to snort.
"Whoa, whoa, top me up." She quickly instructed, holding her now empty glass of wine up towards Claire before she could walk away.
He looked over at Cas noticing how beautiful the man looked smiling into the moonlight beside him.
He never went to the local bar or to the movies, he never went to a friend's house to watch the football or to have a beer. Hell, he hadn't been on a date since he was teenager.
"Yeah, sorry." They all quickly apologised.
"I didn't. I'm meant to meet with Bobby's attorney tomorrow, but wanted to come by here first." Cas explained.
John's jaw was clenched as he stared at the man before he nodded towards his nephews indicating for them to get into the truck.
Dean busied himself with the wrench, loosening a couple bolts and doing them back up again for no reason other than for something to do because no way could he focus on the radiator at the moment.
Dean cashed the check on the way home, posting most of the money to a house in Lawrence, Kansas, leaving himself with just enough for fuel and other expenses.
"Yeah." She sighed and walked out the room.
Everything was fine, hell, they were even laughing and chasing each other around the garage, but then that truck showed up and Dean yelled at him leave. Why would he do that? Who was in the truck?
He even still wore that damn trench coat that Dean had grown to love. His shoulders were a lot broader and muscular under the coat, but his hair was nearly the same, maybe a little longer, but still styled the same.
He knew other kids weren't like that, most kids sat through classes just staring at the clock wanting to go home and wishing for the weekend. But, Dean was the opposite and wished for weekends to be over quickly.
He starts to wake from his sleep, Christmas morning, rolling over in his warm bed.
Bobby took him and Sam to a skating rink, renting skates from a man who looked all too wise, who was just as ingrained in the walls of the place as the planks of wood that made the foundation. "C'mon boys, I'll show you how to tie em, then we can head out on the ice," Bobby says, patting each of them on the head, making a dull sound on their helmets. Putting each foot into a skate, Bobby talked to them through each step, teaching them how to properly tie hockey skates, how to make sure they're not loose. Then they made their way out. Making his first step onto the ice, he wasn't all that great.
And then he wakes up, in a cold sweat each time, his heart beats hard enough that he feels the moss in his ribs shift with the grief they represent. He gasps to catch his breathe again, like he's done enough laps around a rink to exhaust any normal human being. But he didn't get the privilege of being normal.
Dean's melancholy was drowned out by Sam's laughter, it reminded him of little toddler Sam with this grubby little hands and killer puppy dog eyes. Bobby saw it too, laughing with him, and watching him trip along the ice, teaching him again that "No, you don't lean forward unless you wanna wipeout on those kids."
"Yes, I do! He might've been a smart hunter, but he clearly didn't do his research here!"
He doesn't want to, Bobby tries to get them to stay, using every excuse in the book, hell, he even bought him a pie.
Sammy wanted to move to California, to go to Stanford for law school. Dad called him names, names Dean wished he could erase all of them from existence. Sammy snapped and told him to fuck off, and suddenly Dean was caught in the middle again. The middle between cleaning up another one of his dad's fuck-up's and being so proud of his brother. So proud of his accomplishments, of his dreams.
Dean thinks about it.
Bags of blood hanged from the side of his bed as he looked at the monitor, his brain failing to fully comprehend how he got here. He could remember being attacked, and the boy but not much else. He squeezed his eyes closed and prayed for the pounding headache he had to fade. Where was dad?
“What’s that?” Maddie grabbed the paper napkin from Buck.
Castiel is never good at lying, and he tried almost everything to hide his secret from Dean, and he even asked his good friend, Meg, to fake as his girlfriend. He knew that once he started lying, more lies were needed to cover up the previous ones. Though he was prepared to deal with the mess when the truth finally revealed, he just didn't think it would be today.
“Dean, it's my treat today, they have the famous strawberry pie, eat as much as you want.” Eddie and Dean were heading to a restaurant.
“Evan Buckley, would you like to make a new deal with me?”
Castiel looked up at Dean. Dean’s smile was a little bitter, but his eyes were gentle. After he came out to Dean, Castiel could only see the anger in Dean’s eyes. He missed the way Dean was looking at him. They didn’t say a word after that, they just stared each other. Not long after Castiel realized Dean’s eyes were moving to his lips, Dean leaned toward and kissed him.
*****************************************
Buck travelled from North America to South America, working and wandering. He hanged out with different girls and boys, living a free and debauched life, and even after he returned to the America and became a bartender, his life pattern didn't change much.
“Is this a proposal?” Buck didn’t think much about it before he blurted out. But when he saw Eddie’s complicated look, he immediately regretted it. Did he misunderstand something? What did Eddie mean by that statement? He hung his head and didn’t dare to look at Eddie.
*****************************************
“Chris...” Buck felt warm and guilty when he saw Christopher’s lovely and kind smile. He knew he had no reason to avoid meeting anyone of them, even though Eddie and Castiel had become lovers, because it was his idea to hook them up after all.
“Hey, buddy, how are you?” Buck knelt down and touched Christopher’s hair.
“Firefighters, paramedics, doctors and nurses were helping.” Castiel interrupted Dean and finished the sentence for Dean.
“I love you.” Castiel turned around after confessing his love.
“Oh, really?”
Buck wasn't ready for another serious, long-term relationship as he just started to accept that Abby had dumped him. He liked Eddie and Christopher. He always went to Eddie’s home when he was day off. He felt relaxed and happy when they were stayed together. But to become a couple with Eddie is a different story.
“Well, like... nine years ago?” Sam dared not look at Dean. He hung his head and wiped the dish.
“Well, I can play the video games with Christopher another day.” Buck tried to cover disappointment with a little smile.
When Buck signed his name in two paper napkin, he held up his soda again. “Here’s to ten years of freedom.”
Buck is not only Eddie’s best friend, but also a very special and unique person for Eddie. Eddie was so happy when Buck offered him “The ten-year plan”. Although he knew it was just a joke to comfort him, he had imagined that he and Buck would be a couple in ten years and how happy they will. He decided to keep this fantasy in his heart forever after he met Shannon. After Shannon had passed away, Eddie was too busy taking care of Christopher and working. Also, Buck was always around, so he didn’t bring up their plan. It wasn’t until Buck offered to introduce Castiel to him that he realized Buck remembered the plan.
“Cas had dinner with you guys?” Eddie’s words startled Dean. Dean didn’t expect Castiel in the mood for dinner with someone else as Castiel had a bad time with him.
After listening to Eddie’s explanation of how he “accidentally” slammed into the locker door and got a facial injury, Bobby didn’t say anything, he just kept scanning between Dean and Eddie.
“Smart guy.” Dean whispered.
“Cas is gay! I can't believe he’s been cheating on us for years! What kind of the best friend like that??” Dean wiped the dish hard with a sponge in the sink.
“Cas, why are you here?” Dean was surprised.
“I didn't think it was any of your business, but Cas said that as your best friend, he just wanted to let you know.”
“Well, actually, I applied to be a firefighter, and I will have the Physical Ability Test soon.”
“I know you have a dick, okay?” Dean rolled his eyes and looked straight into Castiel’s eyes. “Oh, wait… I think I see what you mean now.”
Castiel turned and looked at Dean and his eyes has filled with a complicated emotion. Castiel is a good man and he deserves a perfect guy. Dean knew that he should bless his best friend, but he couldn’t do it. He just wanted to shout loudly and stop the wedding. He always ignored the little voice in his mind, and just like it had been locked in a room, but now he found the key and he could hear the voice clearly.
Buck recalled Castiel said Dean didn't know about his sexual interest and he didn't want Castiel to be embarrassed, so he tried to make up an excuse. “well… I just got a text from that guy, he couldn’t make it suddenly, so I asked Cas to come over to join us dinner…”
“Dean, I... I’m... ready... fuck me...” Castiel gasped, and his voice was broken.
“All right, see you later.” Eddie said. He glanced at Castiel with a smile before heading to the counter to check out.
Dean didn’t meet Castiel or contact Eddie for the rest of the remaining days off. He was still pissed at Castiel and he couldn’t understand why Castiel kept his secret for ten years. Also, it seemed that Sam just added fuel to the fire telling that he knew Castiel’s secret almost from the beginning. It made Dean even more angry and he couldn’t stand that Castiel had chosen to tell Sam, but not him.
Castiel hadn’t been so nervous in a long time. In fact, he would be having dinner with Eddie and his son tonight at Eddie’s home. But ever since they confirmed the day for the dinner a week ago, he had been nervous, even anxious. He had taken a day off work to prepare for tonight. He spent the whole morning looking for suitable clothes in his closet, but he does not have many clothes, and they look very similar. Finally, he picked the shirt he usually wears to work. He stood in front of the mirror, he looked almost the same as he did at work, but it made him recall the memory of the first time he met Balthazar’s parents when he was only twenty-four years old.
“Oh, god!” Buck rolled his eyes.
“You know I’m a man, right?”
Castiel had imagined over a thousand times for kissing Dean. He could taste smoky and spicy of whiskey. It’s different from his imagination, but the kiss was warm, gentle and sweet than he had ever imagined.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, fuck… me too.” Dean thrusted in ever deeper and harder, and then both of them gasped and shot at the same time.
“Will you stay with me forever?” Eddie took a deep breath, his eyes filled with feelings, and said the words with all kinds of meaning.
*****************************************
“Cas is a bit drunk, I’ll give him a lift home. Do you need a ride too?” Eddie stood up, holding his bill in his hand, and looked at Buck.
“But most importantly, this is a relationship that stands for friendship. Because before they were lovers, they were friends and it’s the seed of friendship that love was their destiny…”
10 years ago.
Castiel’s thoughts were interrupted by a voice. He raised his head and his eyes widened, he thought he had hallucinations.
“Shannon, she’s been passed away for two years... You didn’t even have a date during last two years. Isn’t it the time to start thinking about finding a partner?” Buck came to Eddie's house again. Eddie and he coaxed Christopher to bed. After telling a bedside story and put Christopher to sleep, they went back to the living room together.
Buck stared at the text message sent by Eddie for a while. Eddie and he took Christopher to meet Santa Clause at the Christmas market last Christmas, and they were mistaken as a couple by the staff there, but he didn’t deny it. And now he realized why he had reacted that way. He was so eager for being a family with Eddie and Christopher. Why was he so blinded that he gave up the one he loved to someone else? But he knew that there is nothing he could do about it now. When Eddie and Castiel became a couple, he deliberately kept his distance from Eddie. He knew he couldn’t avoid them forever, and he had quit his job and nothing to do that day, so he took that opportunity to give them his blessing.
Castiel could not remember how they arrived at a motel next to the bar. He just remembered Dean had kissed him in the bar. They kissed and helped each other to shrug off their clothes as they walked into the room. They kicked off their shoes and flopped into the bed. They were already top-half naked and Castiel felt Dean’s hands wondering around his skin. A shiver ran through Castiel when Dean’s right hand found his nipples and massaged around them. After a while, Dean’s hand started to travel downward and he was unbuckling Castiel’s belt. Dean’s actions sobered Castiel. Although he was intoxicated by the kiss and caress.
“Eddie broke up that day, and I just wanted to comfort him.” Buck tried to explain to Maddie.
“We don’t need this anymore.” Eddie had a gentle smile on his face. But Buck knew he had something important to say. Buck didn’t know what Eddie was going to say, but it made Buck feel extremely uncomfortable and nervous.
“Dean, I’m sorry.”
Eddie is a very gentle and good father. Castiel knew that Eddie will cherish him and will be a good boyfriend and even a husband. Christopher is a very smart and sweet boy, and Castiel likes him very much. But... is this what he wants the most? Castiel couldn’t help but ask himself. Castiel’s mind is at battle while he found that Eddie has stopped touching him.
“He doesn’t know anything about it, and he’s a terrible player. I just want to play with you.” Christopher smiles brightly at Buck.
“Missing the chance? Uh? Are you fucking kidding me?” Dean felt angry and walked up to Castiel. “Sam only returned to Lawrence after a long college vacation, I don’t think you have a lot of time to spend with him, but you did tell him, only him! And we met a lot but you said you didn’t have a chance to tell me?? What’s a fucking excuse?!”
Castiel was reading a book when he heard a knock at the door, so he looked up. He saw a guy and surprised him.
“Don’t tell me you lost the paper napkin with our back-up plan.”
“I don’t really care whether that's a guy or a chick, as long as we have feelings for each other, and he or she’s nice to Christopher.” Eddie said with a serious face.
“I'm serious.” Eddie said with a serious face.
“Dean?” Castiel said it with uncertainty.
Dean kept knocking on Castiel’s door for a while but no one answered. It seemed that Castiel was not at home. Although it’s a holiday, Dean knew that Castiel has few friends in L.A. and he would prefer staying at home rather than going out during holidays. He had no idea where’s Castiel, and he just stood in front of Castiel’s door and felt so frustrated. He flashed back to the day that they did celebrate the 10th anniversary of their acquaintance several months ago. He remembered that Castiel, Sam and he were in high spirits and drank so much that they were all hung over next day.
“I’m not ‘homophobic’, okay?” Dean rolled his eyes. “Eddie is bi, but you know he is also my good buddy, right? Dean started to wash another dish.
“What are you doing?” Buck’s eyes widened. While he hadn’t completely processed the news of Eddie and Castiel’s breakup, Eddie stunned him once again.
“Sure!” Buck found two sheets of paper napkin. “Here, you are the one who’s going to write something up, two copies and I’ll sign it.”
It’s definitely one of the most awkward moments ever. Buck is a smart guy, he could tell right away from Castiel's reaction, that there was something between Dean and him. This was the first time that Buck met Dean, he had already heard quite a lot about Dean from both Eddie and Castiel. Although the descriptions were slightly different, one thing was certain - Dean Winchester is definitely the straightest guy in the universe, and also has some grouchy personalities. Though Castiel never mentioned that his secret crush is a firefighter, Buck knew Dean is Eddie’s colleague, so he could see the connections. Buck intended to match Castiel with Eddie, because he thought Castiel was kind, forthright, patient and handsome, and Castiel and his beloved Christopher would get along well. His best friend deserved such a good guy after all.
“What?” Buck couldn’t help but yelled. He understood every single word Eddie said, but he couldn’t understand what those meant. He felt his brain stop working at all.
