But perhaps it’s not. Maybe he really was fed up with her lies and disappearing acts, and now feels guilty for not missing her more, wishing he could go back to simpler times.
He hates himself for it. His inability to utilize basic human emotions. But he’s afraid that if he looks at John now, sleepy and tousled, still a little unsteady from last night, lips chapped, the same lips that were on Sherlock’s not ten hours ago, Sherlock’s eyes will betray him and John will just know. Assuming he doesn’t already, that he doesn’t remember Sherlock’s words as he closed the door.
He puts John’s arm around his shoulder, stooping so that he can reach, and half drags, half carries him to the street, where miraculously a cab is coming despite the time of night and the snow now falling rapidly. Upon further contemplation, it was probably sent by Mycroft, but at the moment it’s his only option and John is his first priority. Hacking into Mycroft’s phone to deliver a strongly worded message via morse code can wait for another day.
The real reason, the “because I love you” remains unsaid of course, but as he watches John’s eyes bore into his own, and hears the soft “oh” escape his lips he feels that it was understood.
“Well in that case, I say we move things to the bedroom then.” John’s voice, low and gravely against his ear is so delicious that it takes Sherlock a second to process the words.
308 minutes, 22 seconds. That’s how long John has been asleep, not counting the one time he wandered out to use the toilet. Though to be fair, Sherlock was 82 percent certain he wasn’t awake for that either.
Before John has time to react, Sherlock has grabbed the bottle and strode to the water’s edge, where he throws it as far as he can. He stands still for a second, watching it hit the murky darkness and get sucked under.
Sherlock starts slowly walking along the wet grass towards the bench. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God. This is worse than the time John was in the bonfire, worse than the time he saw him at the restaurant with Mary, ring box in hand. This time he can’t think of anything to do, anything that would fix this.
He snaps back to reality with a blink, John’s tongue still sloppily pushing against his. No need to get carried away. It’s just pathetic and can only possibly lead to disappointment.
Sometimes the older stablehands teased John, saying that if he could he would free all the horses to live in the wild, and he'd probably go with them. Old Richards liked to joke that John was half-wildling at heart.
Lestrade grimaced. "Look, I can only stall them processing the scene for so long. Are you coming or not?"
"You made an assumption!" he said, entirely too happy about it. "You, Sherlock Holmes, made a stupid, inaccurate assumption about me.
Not that he was going to shoot Sherlock in a room full of coppers. Or shoot his way out of this. But should the need arise, he had brought his gun that looked the least like a gun and the most like a piece of strange science equipment. No scope, and with the right confidence, he has no doubt that he could fully assemble the thing and fire it before anyone suspects a thing.
"Magnussen had enemies, plenty of them. You're looking for a blackmail victim. Someone was recently threatened and decided to do something about it rather than pay up. Why? An experienced blackmailer like Magnussen never demands more than his victim can give, and he never threatens over a secret they don't care about revealing. No, this was about pride. Pride and paranoid, vindictive rage. Someone had money and a secret and they were determined to keep them both. Magnussen was asking for upwards of 15,000 or 20,000-- any less, and hiring a hitman wouldn't have been worth it, they aren't exactly cheap. The hirer was most likely a woman. When most people want someone murdered, they do it themselves and are caught almost immediately. Women tend to be more hands-off about murder, less personal and more calculating, hence their predominate use of poison. A man is also more likely to feel emasculated by having to hire someone to commit his murders for him."
John doesn't always sympathize with his clients. Hell, sometimes he flat-out disagrees with their motives. But just from what he's read online, this Holmes bloke seems like the most annoying arse to ever have been born. He gets it.
It wasn't that he was against the idea of bonding with John. God no. To have a constant link to his mind, to know absolutely everything about him... Sherlock wanted that more than anything.
They're chasing a criminal down back alleys in London and Sherlock, idiot that he is, splits off without telling John. He's disappeared too quickly for him to react, and by the time he notices, Sherlock is long gone, God knows where.
Mycroft would drop by on occasion but now he annoying chose to speak solely in Vulcan. Sherlock retaliated by speaking only in English, except for the occasional word here and there that John suspected strongly were curses. It was a thing to watch. John couldn't keep up with it at all. He thought that even if he was fluent in Vulcan, he would have a hard time switching languages that often and that frequently.
Sherlock is in the living room, surrounded by three police officers, one of whom John recognizes as his main contact with the Yard, a Detective Inspector Lestrade.
Sherlock snatches the phone out of his hand and throws it against the wall, far harder than he should be able to. It shatters on contact, breaking instantly. John gapes.
"Really? How come I've never heard of that case? Seems like the sort of thing that would have been big news."
How had John never noticed that before? He shook his head. Sherlock was so startlingly pale, and he had always attributed the oddities of his complexion to sickliness, brought on by an unhealthy lifestyle.
It's his life or his own. And Sherlock may be a beautiful, endlessly fascinating bloke, but John simply isn't willing to make that trade.
"Well, I understand you've been trailing Holmes for the past eight days. He was involved. It stands to reason you might have seen something."
The Butterfly Killer was a low-level news story, highly localized. Lestrade had held a single press conference and made several reassuring comments to the press whenever they showed themselves.
John huffed, wanting to pace and snarl and punch something. Sherlock deserved so much better. He deserved the world, not... this.
"Right," the voice said, darker now. "It seems like you might've misunderstand your orders. Now personally, I thought they were pretty clear, but maybe you need another meeting with the professor to sort things out?"
John immediately called child services and settled in outside the door, essentially guarding it until help arrived. Sherlock flitted off to go question the neighbors, though he wouldn't get much out of them and he knew it. People did not take well to a posh stranger swooping in and asking intrusive questions about their community.
He'd seen him fiddle with his equipment. Heard a loud bang, not like a gunshot, quieter, but not like something fell either.
"Center of the victim's chest again. Over the sternum, not the heart. He means it to cover the whole body. He's marking the victims as a whole, not that specific point on their bodies." He crouched down, pulling out his magnifying glass to examine the insect. "And the monarch... The monarch the monarch the monarch. Used to symbolize... nothing specific. Butterflies in general, though-- change, rebirth, transformation, impermanence, the soul, the
John sat down. "Okay. Sorry. I didn't mean to imply anything like that. I just don't understand. What do you mean, your species is telepathic?"
360 degree perimeter surveillance and snipers in the trees. Only one way in or out, a thick stone wall surrounding the entire square mile of land it sat on, and not an inch of it unguarded.
"Ta. You all need to make dietary changes. You need copper in the same amount that humans need iron, and a human-style diet simply isn't providing that. You're getting too much of some vitamins and too little of others. Mrs. Holmes, you said most Vulcans these past few centuries have been vegetarians? That's with good reason. A vegetarian diet would actually be a lot healthier for all of you. And you should try to eat as much natural, organic stuff as possible. God knows what Earth preservatives will do to you. There hasn't been a single study with your particular biologies in mind, and definitely nothing long-term. So best just to avoid all that entirely."
And then he finishes his rant off grandly by reminding John that he could be facing what he saw-- according to his own personal morals-- as the most vile, evil person on Earth, and he still wouldn't kill them unless he thought it was necessary to save others.
Sherlock dashed out of the crime scene and ran around in dimly lit back alleys for an hour. He may as well have held up a flashing neon sign that said 'KILL ME,' but John was classier than that, so he refrained.
"Uh, female,very young, can't be older than her early twenties. Cause of death is the, uh... The wound to her carotid. Sliced it right open. She choked on her own blood before she even had the chance to bleed out. It would have been quick. Very quick."
"Yes, but both make the same point: that you should stop doing it," he said. "And stop startling me awake in the dead of night, Jesus Christ. What are you even doing in here?"
Some clients wanted him to deliver a final, parting message to the deceased. Others wanted some sentimental token given-- a wedding ring, a certain type of flower. From what John had heard, the professor had quite a flair for the dramatic.
"You have no way of knowing the potential course of things. For all you know, I will never be burdened by that particular... occurrence."
”Oh, a little old cabbie told me. Maybe you know him? Murderous, poor sense of direction, you shot him about five hours ago.”
Plus they had invited John to Eid al-Fitr last year and he had learned that convening the entire Holmes family in a social situation with other humans was, in fact, the peak of comedy. Mycroft had spent an entire hour and a half lecturing captive small children about tax law. T'Va'kau (though John had known her as Violet back then) had not displayed a single emotion or facial expression the entire day-- at one point, John had started watching to see if she ever blinked, but then he got too weirded out to continue. She had spoken very cryptically and formally to him about bonds.
He ditches his ridiculous scarf and press badge in a nearby closet and steals the man’s dust suit. His bulking camera bag is emptied out, the steel briefcase luckily fitting right in all on its own.
Sycropt looked at him, and maybe Srlok was imagining it, but he could almost see sadness in his eyes.
"The choice of the monarch specifically was deliberate, has to be. It would have been very difficult to acquire. It's symbolic, and means something that the killer thinks would be quite obviously apparent but actually isn't. The butterfly is his signature, his brand. His identity as a killer is completely tied up in it. Unfortunately, it could be that the monarch is his signature, or he could use a different species for each victim, symbolizing something about them personally. I won't know any more until we find a second body."
The scene is, interestingly, a hit he made over two weeks ago that the police are just now finding out about. Body found slumped over on the couch in the victim’s own living room.
But, it was something to do. And also John was pleased with the idea that Sherlock was working on finding justice for Ashley rather than just sitting around waiting for the killer to strike again.
"I'm serious, John. Intense physical stimulus is necessary to bring the conscious mind to the fore and ground one's katra back within reality and the body."
25, though likely older. He'll be very open and proud about his beliefs. If you mention the murders to him, he'll give some empty platitude he doesn't believe and then follow it up by saying the killer was 'doing us all a service' or some similar nonsense." He looked back down at the body. "Less than a week between kills. He'll only speed up from here. He'll deteriorate rapidly. You're looking at a potential spree killer."
"What the bloody hell was that all about?" John asked. "All that stuff about logic and no emotions?"
It would be all too easy to just snap the pieces of gun together and take the shot. Sherlock drops dead, a bullet through the brain, and John is out the back before anyone recovers enough to even look.
John nodded. "And then you would've died young of consumptive fever," he agreed. "You would have never married, refused all your suitors, and left behind a city of broken hearts."
"Well, now that the secret is out." Mycroft gave a tight, false smile. "Srlok. Getting shot and exposing yourself is never truly unavoidable. A good measure of caution would do you wonders."
John lurched and flipped them both over so that Sherlock was pinned quite securely underneath him, nothing at all like that flimsy 'hold' he'd had John in earlier. He leaned down, his lips almost brushing the detective's ear. "Can't I do both?"
”What?” one of the other officers squawked. “Are you kidding me? Who the hell takes out a hit on— on some random CEO?”
And furthermore, he'd gotten out and assembled a miniature sniper rifle under the watchful eye of Scotland Yard's finest, in the boldest, cockiest, most
Sherlock broke the mental block, dissolved it into ether, and heaved a great sigh of relief that was felt in the soul rather than the body. John's mind was there.
"Both," he said. "I am not sure how much... control I will have. I may... attack... someone. You should leave the flat for a week once the warning signs begin to present."
"Of course it was you, it had to be you. Seeing as you left Magnussen's house without blowing it to pieces, that means you're an assassin, not a terrorist. A stranger with a gun just happens to show up at two of my crime scenes in one day? It's connected. It's you. I got the profile a bit wrong when I gave it to Lestrade though. I said the shooter had a strong moral compass, seeing as you waited until the last second to fire. That wasn't it at all though, was it? Extremely moral people do not become assassins. Your hesitation to fire had nothing to do with a reluctance to take a life. No. You were waiting to see if I'd actually do it, and you didn't want to kill the cabbie unless you absolutely had to. Why? There has to be a... Oh."
“First years aren’t allowed,” commented Severus, who was sitting beside John. “Not since Harry Potter, anyway," he added, somewhat acidly.
“John!” Charlie appeared from the kitchen, dish towel over his shoulder. He greeted them warmly, with a hug for John and an approximation of one – all that Sherlock would allow – for Sherlock. And while Sherlock did screw up his nose at the passing aroma of dragon dung, he was introduced in short order to Molly and Arthur, and John reintroduced, and within five minutes, Sherlock was tromping across the yard with Arthur to take a look at the garden gnome infestation.
Perhaps they were going at it all wrong. Perhaps the project Sherlock had started wasn’t the project he was going to finish.
Sherlock looked at him sharply and John actually laughed. “You really are brilliant, you know? Devious and under-handed, too. You’re playing chess with me even though you don’t enjoy the game, but saw an opportunity to turn the game into something of a truth or dare.”
Christ - it wasn’t fair. He’d put it all behind him years ago, with his father. Determined then and there to lead what would seem a normal life to anyone looking in, atone for his sins, the sins that had put his father behind bars, that had taken his life prematurely. He’d been there for his mother, through every day of her illness and decline. He’d become a doctor, taken a wife, joined the army, gone off to war. He’d followed orders - had had a model career. If he’s slipped once, if he’s snapped, he’d been paying for it, making up for it, every minute, every second, sick with the worry, the
“Slowly. Molly has me counting pills – picking them up and dropping them into a bowl. It takes me an hour to do what I should be able to do in five minutes. I’m not going to be working on that toe anytime soon, Mr. Holmes. You should see a doctor in London.”
“Don’t go shopping yet,” Sherlock called out as the Ministry team, plus Mycroft, hurried over to the Floo. “It might not be permanent.”
John retreated to a safe distance, studying his hand, which was already an angry red and slightly swollen. He tried to shake the pain away to no avail, and when he examined his hand more closely, found that he had at least four stingers in the back of his right hand, and not enough strength and dexterity in his left to remove them.
Molly looked at John oddly. She studied him long enough to make him uncomfortable, then reached across the table and squeezed his hand. She spoke softly, and he thought she’d come to some realisation about him, or the situation, but he had no real desire to press her and bring more to the surface.
The man looks up at him. Sherlock watches his hand twitch, can almost see his effort to open his mouth and say something, to jerk his body into motion. He stands there watching, frozen in place, and doesn’t close the door. Doesn’t close the door even as the man finally manages to get to his feet. He fumbles for his cane and, eyes never leaving Sherlock’s, slowly advances a step. Another. A third.
A key. A very old, very heavy, very ornate brass key, the kind that might have once opened an old-fashioned garden gate.
He looked intently at John as he spoke, and if he blinked even once, John missed it. The man didn’t bother with social niceties he obviously didn’t feel. No “we’re so happy to have you here, Dr. Watson.” No “If there is anything at all I can do to make your stay more pleasant, please let me know.” Not even a “Welcome to Rosethorne Manor.”
“I didn’t ask to be dead!” Sherlock snapped. He settled back into his chair, trying for aloof. “It’s very distracting.”
John laughed. As nervous as he’d been when Sherlock had dragged him up here, he couldn’t help but be a bit turned on by the thought of shagging Sherlock on this particular bed. It was a bit of a holy place – rather like having sex in a church.
Sherlock actually paused to consider. “No,” he said. “Which makes sleep difficult. So humour me – one more reason.”
John grinned. It wasn’t at all surprising that Mycroft had started out hands-on, though his adult style would be to assign the task of creative punishment with a phone call – fait accompli.
The flower bed itself wasn’t brand new – it had been put in many years before, but was long neglected and choked with grass and weeds. Lestrade worked the earth loose when he could, but he had other projects throughout the manor grounds, and only so many hours of daylight.
When John makes his move, it comes in the wake of a sick child, a sleepless night, and a first dance with a beautiful lady.
“His medical file. Please.” Billy was still hovering close, unused, John thought, to doing anything more than holding down jerking limbs during an attack, and John touched him on the shoulder. “It’s passing. Go on – get me his file. And his medications.”
Sherlock reached over with his free hand to pluck something off the shoulder of John’s jumper. He held up a single strand of hair, fully six inches long. It glistened in the sun.
He had questions. Dozens of questions. But they would wait ‘til morning, or even longer. If this was Sherlock Holmes, sleep deprived and suffering the after-effects of three seizures, what would the man be like at full throttle?
All of those things. Yet, even more, he felt left out of the action, pushed to the sidelines. His intellect might not measure up to Molly’s, and certainly not to Sherlock’s, but he was useful as more than a day nurse. He’d never tried his hand at decoding, but who was to say he’d not be a whiz at it?
John laughs again. A sharp intake of breath and a sound that is mirthful only in a dark and hopeless world.
And no matter how often and how aggressively Mycroft Holmes circled the issue, John never admitted knowing of even a single connection between Sherlock and the woman.
“That’s because I’ve given him a nice dose of morphine so you and I can have a little talk, Dr. Watson.”
“Oh, I intend to, Dr. Watson. And might I suggest you do the same? Sleep improves one’s outlook on life. In your case, it may do something about the steam escaping your ears.”
“No he doesn’t! He’s what? Five and a half? Perhaps six? I’m seven years younger than he is. SEVEN YEARS! I’m not even
He’d given then conditions, after all. Conditions designed to protect Sherlock’s health and recovery. And here they were, on the first day, flaunting those very conditions and threatening Sherlock’s health and recovery. Never mind that Sherlock did more to inhibit his own recovery than an extra hour or two in meetings would do.
“You’re a menace.” John looked around at the cluttered but comfortable room, then back at Sherlock. Despite the man’s obvious good mood, he looked a bit off. John couldn’t quite put his finger on what it was – he remembered the man being exceedingly pale, though he reminded himself he’d never seen him in daylight. Far too thin as well – he had enough physical evidence of that from the previous week when he’d been tackled in his bedroom – though not weak, at least not when fueled by a fight.
Fortunately, only one person failed to reach the ground as planned, and that person was Sherlock Holmes.
When John Watson, already weary of child Mycroft, made the snap decision to prove he was not a Muggle once and for all by Apparating them both to the gates of Hogwarts, he never once considered that the child had never before experienced Apparition.
means.” Holmes rephrased his original statement. “If sleep is important, there are certainly ways to encourage it.”
He followed on Mrs. Hudson’s heels as she hurried through the corridors, muttering as she went about excessive drama and the staff having to walk on eggshells when
Obviously, Greg Lestrade had a key. But it couldn’t be that easy, could it? And while it seemed obvious he had to start with Lestrade, what possible reason could he give the man for needing to get inside that gate?
“Don’t think so hard,” he told Sherlock. “If you don’t want to sit here and relax in the sun, you could always help out with our project.”
“Will anyone else be coming to help them here?” It wasn’t the top question on his list, but it seemed an acceptable one.
“What I saw,” he said at last, after staring at John for several long moments, hand fisting the sheet. “What I saw, I don’t want to see again. Ever.”
“Trying is all we ask,” Sholto replied. They’d all ignored Anderson completely. John sincerely hoped the man wouldn’t be taking residence here at Rosethorne.
And thus, two days later, John found himself pushing Sherlock out into the gardens at the very unexpected hour of two in the afternoon, just after lunch. Sherlock was in disguise, as always, though the disguise of late was no more than the old-fashioned and oddly-coloured suit coat, the lap rug, and the old man’s hat to cover Sherlock’s tell-tale curly head.
He turned away then, and went to fetch the wheelchair which he’d left, abandoned, over near the fountain.
Sherlock began to say something, but the headmistress simply spoke louder, ignoring him. “However, the long and the short of it is that he’s not my problem. Dr. Watson, as much as I appreciate all you do to make this situation workable,” – here she indicated Sherlock and his many gawking students – “I’ve seen enough of all of you this weekend. I am not your babysitter.” She waved her hands at the crowd of gawking students. “Disperse – all of you.”
The darkness that enveloped them was absolute. He hardly had time to process that thought before he was pushed roughly against the wall. Startled, alert for a danger he could not see, he instinctively froze.
“You’ve had the opportunity to work with John for some time now,” he began. “Do you think he’s on an appropriate course of therapy to mitigate the damage from his war injuries?”
Sherlock had begun tapping on the south wall, alternating high and low. John watched him a few minutes, but when he removed a pocket knife from his trouser pocket and inserted the blade in the seam between two of the wood panels that covered the room’s walls, John stepped quietly into the loo and stood facing the wardrobe-like cupboard. It extended from one wall to the other, and stretched nearly to the ceiling.
“Irene Adler is gone – and as there’s a high probability you may be suspected of assisting in her disappearance….”
would be useless in the operating theater.  He was a doctor for Christ’s sake – he understood what physical therapy could and couldn’t do.
“Maybe he’ll be a redhead,” mused Al, leaning over to gaze at his newborn son with a besotted smile.
“I need to use the toilet, Dr. Watson.”  Mycroft sounded both tired and extremely serious. “Then I would like a word with you.”
“Problem?” Sherlock reached down for his violin and picked it up again. He polished the wood with the cuff of his dressing gown.
He forced himself to swallow back the doubts, the second thoughts. That he was considering this life at all was answer enough. He focused instead on Sherlock’s body as the jerking motion of his limbs subsided into something more like restlessness, as if he were attempting to wake from an unsettling dream. This was the body he’d just held, the mouth and hands that had just given him some of the most exquisite pleasure imaginable. This contorted mouth. These jerking arms.
“Al – stop it!” Rosie said, but she looked just as amused as he did. “And Sherlock – we’ve told you already. We don’t know. We won’t now – possibly not for years and years.”
He thought there might be magic – and miracles – for Sherlock. For Lestrade. But he didn’t really believe there would be any for himself.
Sherlock frowned. “I already have a husband, John. Why would I want to complicate things and start dating again?”
Hence, the regimen of daily walks, the fresh air of the garden, even if only for an hour or so an evening. But if there were more to do out-of-doors, more to occupy Sherlock, he wouldn’t yearn to return to his articles and books so quickly.
A crow’s caw, sharp and coarse in the quiet gardens, caught his attention, and he located the bird on a nearby tree, scolding him as if this day was exactly like any other.
He really didn’t think this particular tactic would work with a man like Sherlock, but he kept his hand outstretched for so long that Sherlock finally took it. Fingers – cool and smooth – clasped his wrist, and John pulled until Sherlock was off the floor far enough to be able to fall back onto the bed, atop the covers. He lay there, breathing hard, and John sat on the edge of the bed and softly, voice deliberately lowered to just above a whisper, began to speak even as he counted Sherlock’s pulse, and eased him into a more comfortable position on the bed.
The cook had Thursdays off, which meant crusty bread and simple stews she’d concocted with the week’s leftover meats and vegetables. They were good, and wholesome, but not the sort of foof that drew everyone to the dining room by their noses. While John seldom missed a meal, he had taken off a time or two on Thursday, so targeted that day for the launch of his great campaign.
Mrs. Hudson appeared to brighten. “You’ll make a chart, then? Oh, Dr. Watson – Sherlock will like that.”
“He says you’re to bring your medical bag, Dr. Watson,” instructed Mrs. Hudson, standing in the doorway of the sunroom where John sat, patiently playing an after lunch game of chess with the general. “And do hurry – he’s already got poor Annie crying.”
What the hell? Had John actually thought he would be the one to achieve the impossible through an old-fashioned prescription of fresh air, exercise and sunshine? Did he really think he could do it
John looked down quickly, thankful for the teacup still in his hands. He schooled his features and took a moment to collect his thoughts. Instinctively, he knew he wouldn’t trust Mycroft Holmes even if he hadn’t had the curious conversation with Irene Adler moments ago in the corridor. He’d been called here, he’d assumed, to discuss the general’s passing, and the circumstances surrounding it. Yet the general hadn’t even been mentioned yet.
“Alright, everyone’s here – great. Let’s get the wedding party photos first then we’ll move on to the family groups.”
Except that the gate, when he grasped the bars and rested his forehead against them, shifted inward a fraction.
John thought of Mary in her party dress, dancing in the ballroom, of kissing on the balcony on New Year’s Eve. He thought of holding her hand in the hospital, sitting at her bedside time and again and lifting her hand to his lips. He thought of walks in the park, hand in hand, feeding the greedy swans, huddling up against the wind on a bench as the autumn sun went down.
“Statute of Secrecy,” Lee replied. He’d learned to speak Sherlock over the past weeks. “If it’s any consolation, Professor Snape’s looking really sour about the whole thing too.”
“Quiet.” Sherlock’s voice was a low rumble. He’d belly-crawled to a stop only a few feet from the elm. “Listen.”
,” Sherlock replied. “And it’s awfully rude to stare at another person’s genitals. And even more rude to comment on them.”
“Oh?” John pressed a kiss onto Sherlock’s lips, dropping Sherlock’s hand and grazing his over Sherlock’s thigh and up across his groin. He rested it there. “I finally found the perfect way to exercise it,” he said, squeezing lightly.
The trick, he already realised, was to make it Sherlock’s idea. To offer something Sherlock could not have. Something forbidden.
John’s heart thudded in his chest. His fisted hands ached. He wanted to punch something – someone. Mycroft, first. The wall. His own face in the mirror.
"No thank you. They're perfectly fine. There's something else...something very wrong...." He trailed off, his voice feeble as he gazed down at himself.
“Oh, please.” The man sounded more satisfied than annoyed, and when he spoke again, the words seemed less laboured, less forced. “It was written all over your face.”
John still did not ask what, exactly, had happened, though he itched to know. He wanted to hear it only once, and only from Sherlock.
“You married her because she aggressively pursued you,” Sherlock interjected. “She made you feel wanted. Needed. And you’d gone too long without a wife – people wondered if you’d ever settle down. That unsettled you.”
The convalescents were all out of danger and each was steadily improving with the prescribed therapies. He made what amounted to rounds every morning, but his visits were more social in nature than medical. Both Ms. Adler and the general took a great deal of interest in him – for very different reasons. The general recognized John as a military man, and demanded detailed news of the war effort in Northern Africa. Irene Adler, on the other hand, stared at him with an enigmatic smile as he examined her the first day, and every day subsequent brought up a topic that let him know she’d read him far better than anyone ever had.
“Mycroft left you in my hands. He wants you better – and you aren’t going to get better rotting away inside in those rooms!”
“It isn’t very sanitary either,” Mycroft complained, kicking aside one of Sherlock’s dirty socks that had somehow ended up balled up in the sitting room. “You’d think a doctor’s flat would be tidier.”
“The board was precisely cut and measured - it’s not a random scrap but a carefully-considered ladder rung made of strong, weather-resistant wood. Yet it was erected less carefully - though safely enough.” He tugged on the end of one of the wooden steps, though it was essentially part of the tree now and didn’t budge. “What does that tell you, John?”
He flexed his left hand – his dominant one – and tried to make a fist. He could barely press his fingers against the palm of his hand. Wielding a scalpel would be impossible.
It took a bit longer than anticipated, but eventually they were in the plane and taxiing out to the end of the runway to hold position just as the second plane for Al and the remainder of the wedding party landed.
“Ah.” Sherlock stared at him over his clasped fingers. He seemed a bit surprised, and a bit put out.
“In Molly?” John hadn’t meant to make it sound like a question, but surely Sherlock couldn’t be that clueless.
had things to do too. Cleaning, for instance. And shopping for Mrs. Hudson. And baking the shortbread. And while he was out shopping, why not just buy the damn shortbread then meet Greg for a few pints while someone
“They view him as a machine more than a man, spending his entire life indoors, pouring over formulas and texts and notes. Never seeing the sun.”
know why his father had gone to prison, dying there of a heart attack two years after being put away for manslaughter?
But even now, this far into his deployment at Rosethorne, he wasn’t one hundred percent certain where Mycroft’s own loyalties were. His relationship with his brother seemed strained, at best, though Sherlock had seemed truly alarmed and had not wasted any time in getting back to the manor when Lestrade came for them. While he hadn’t been overly panicked or emotional, he’d certainly been -
And the garden behind the first one – where he’d watched Greg Lestrade sculpt the magical menagerie that had once been a garden maze. Surely Sherlock and Mycroft had run through that very maze as children. Was it only wartime that had caused the neglect?
Sherlock shrugged out of the coat without comment and dropped it unceremoniously to the floor, then pushed it out of the way with his foot, as if distancing himself from it would separate him from the act John could not forget, the memory of those coattails flapping in the wind.
“John, don’t be naïve,” Molly said, reaching forward to ruffle his hair as if he were a small child. “Everyone here is here for a reason.
“You’re reading my mind,” he whispered, not because anyone could hear them, but because the intimacy of the moment demanded it.
He walked outside on the tenth of March after a week nursing a lingering cold, on a day with blue-grey skies and a brisk wind from the west. Into the garden, past the old swing Lestrade had rehung for Molly at Christmas. Through the second gate, to a view of the slumbering maze and a riot of gentle colour – blue and white, purple and yellow – in the beds around it.
But it was a start, and was enough for now. The bees continued to be the star of the show for Sherlock, the primary attraction. He brought a journal outside with him now, and lay on the ground with pencil held loosely, oft forgotten, as he observed the insects’ comings and goings. And when he seemed to remember the writing implement in his hand, he used it more often to doodle than to take notes, sketching the bees, sometimes observing them on the nearby flowers while sitting cross-legged in the beds like a school girl.
“No – trousers off, John. And that shirt’s bulky, Take it off, too.  You’ll just want a vest under the robe, I suspect.”
“Take him a moment,” he murmurs. He presses a kiss to his grandson’s head and passes the baby to Sherlock. He carefully gets to his feet and sorts out his leg, then thumbs through his mobile and places it on the table. He’s still fiddling with the volume when the music begins, and he smiles at the tune, still familiar after all these years.
Sherlock, who’d seated himself beside Bill’s wife Fleur and was listening raptly to her and nodding and smiling as she expounded on goblin hygiene, didn’t even turn his head at Mycroft’s very out-of-character display. John was torn between examining Mycroft for concussion and elbowing Sherlock out of the way to take his own rightful place beside Fleur.
John’s heart was still pounding and he was half out of breath when he reached Sherlock’s room. He found Sherlock at his dresser, holding the wig in one hand and running the other through his flattened curls. A lamp with a weak bulb illuminated the room poorly, but enough for John to see that the bed was not empty.
“Except for me, of course,” John added quickly and as sincerely as he could muster, giving Sherlock’s hand a reassuring squeeze.
“We don’t need your blessings,” John said, voice terse. Mycroft, perhaps expecting something more conciliatory after what for him were difficult and unusually heartfelt words, looked oddly deflated.
“No idea.” He paused, frowning, then shrugged. “I suppose I meant to visit him, but I suddenly remembered we were out of milk and bread and it seemed much more important to get to the shops.”
Sherlock seemed agreeable to the change of direction, though John had the feeling that he was putting aside his questions about John only for the time being, and only to temporarily placate John. He dove right in without prelude.
He knows John loves him. This – this is a truth borne of their shared loss. They’re fledglings, phoenixes both, risen from the ashes. John knows how to love, and to love properly. Husband once, father still, he’s worn the most demanding of roles, and he knows how love gives, and knows how love takes.
All eyes moved to Sherlock, who was standing, brandishing his violin and bow, and looking half mad scientist, half excited child.
She became suddenly, uncharacteristically, quiet at that point, and John had the idea that she knew quite a bit more about Dr. Chandler’s departure than she was letting on.
John managed at last to get the robes away from Sherlock and hurried upstairs with them. He carefully hung them in the wardrobe in Rosie’s old room.
He waited for Sherlock to come to his senses - the disorientation following a seizure was always troubling for the patient. John knew better than to hurry Sherlock through it. Five minutes passed, and John stayed where he was, speaking quietly to his friend and checking to assure that Sherlock was breathing and had a steady heart rate.
“Yes, I’m fully aware, John. No need to repeat it. Three epileptic seizures. I can count, despite my brain being compromised in other ways and my mind palace having the structural integrity of the Coliseum.”
“You’ll need to speak to Sherlock about that,” John answered curtly. “In the morning, after a few hours of sleep.”
John settled on the floor with his legs crossed, comfortable enough in his pyjamas and dressing gown, and waited. He had been awoken after midnight, but was reasonably alert, and more curious than upset about the circumstances. He glanced again at Sherlock, then at the room itself.
“It’s not Lestrade’s garden- not properly,” Sherlock voiced, distracted by the move he was considering. “It’s grandmother’s - or was hers. Lestrade is just borrowing it for a time.”
Oddly, or not, the only mention of Sherlock’s seizures was the notation that the patient had suffered a previous head injury leading to trauma-induced seizures, but hadn’t had any seizures while in hospital.
“I don’t believe he’s in law enforcement,” Sherlock mused. He’s been quiet for too long and didn’t sound completely convinced of his own argument.
He said it with surety, as if retelling an oft-told story. And indeed, it was a story John had heard – and told – before. But not to Sherlock Holmes, or to anyone here at Rosethorne. Not to anyone at all, in fact, in many, many years.
“What did you want to be, John? When you were a child?” Sherlock was more serious now. He was stacking up the drawings carefully, looking at each as he cleaned up, an odd, whimsical look about his face. It was as if the drawings transported him somewhere.
“Not all Muppets are like them,” she assured him. “And when they’re in their own element, they’re really quite brilliant.”
The man nods – obviously pleased. “Do you listen to loud music? Plan to bring women over all night?”
There was another very long pause as he stared into the box with it’s velvet lining and ornate medal.
He looked at John expectantly, waiting, it seemed, for John to admit the truth – or at least the truth, as he, Sherlock, saw it.
His natural reaction was to fight. He hated being restrained, and suffered what he’d been told was a type of claustrophobia. He was left hand dominant, despite trying to train his brain to think otherwise, and he tried to raise his left arm but found it heavy and unresponsive.
John carefully unfastened the tape on one of the ends of the neatly done-up package then jerked back as the paper began to unwrap itself until only the contents remained on the table and the paper had disintegrated into a million miniscule pieces of confetti with a very surprising
Life after is better even than life before. There are fewer short-cuts, fewer doors to somewhere, now that they’ve claimed each other and move about together more often than not. They roll through life side by side, in sickness and in health, taking the steps more slowly, leaving the rooftop chases to the younger cops, lingering after cases over pints or coffee with Lestrade, continuing to perplex Mycroft. Though he continues to chart, as a matter of habit, Sherlock has reached a point of acceptance, and puts his great mind to use where problems have answers because really, is their wholly unbelievable situation really a problem at all?
“You don’t believe they’re his, then?” Sherlock tried to look affronted but failed, dissolving into laughter himself. “Can you even imagine
“Ah – right. Robes.” He nodded at Al. “That will be fine. Schedule with John – he’ll be sure to clear my schedule of my other commitments.”
“Right – wouldn’t want to interfere with your cortisone shot for your bad knee or your afternoon nap.”
“Of course.” Mycroft cut him off at the quick. “He has access to the entire British library system, every critical record of note held by the British government, academic journals and processes, theoretical studies. He’s read case study after case study of similar situations – brilliant minds cut down in their prime by traumatic head injuries. It isn’t overwhelmingly encouraging, is it, Dr. Watson?”
“Of course I have it,” John replies, holding out a hand as the sweet and melancholic lullaby from another day rises around them.
All heads pivoted toward the door as John pushed it open it, but the tired smile that lit Sherlock’s face was all that John saw.
Sherlock glared, John grinned and back at the Ministry, the very fit Mycroft stepped into a lift, glanced around to make sure he was alone, and let his hands roam over his backside once again and vowed to throw out every ounce of Honeyduke’s chocolate in his office.
And while they don’t talk about this – indeed, Sherlock doesn’t say a word about John’s difficulties with the stairs the entire evening, nor does he cater to him unnecessarily – it marks both the beginning of the end and the start of something entirely new and ultimately wonderful.
John sucked in a breath and let it out slowly. Then another – a breath of courage – and stared at the music before him. His left hand remained in his lap, still warm from Sherlock’s touch.
John stepped forward. He had no idea how long Lestrade would remain in the room, listening to Sherlock, with only scattered threads of information. And they needed to ensure his cooperation – that  he’d not tell anyone about Sherlock, that he’d keep the secret.
“Not that I wouldn’t have enjoyed it,” she said, candidly, eyes on John the entire time. She gave him an enigmatic smile that he could not help but read as invitation.
“Not necessarily,” he answered. “I would have approached you with my reservations about releasing Miss Adler if my examination had given me reason to believe she needed additional recovery time.”
“I’ll treat this assignment as seriously as any other,” John said as Mrs. Hudson, who’d likely been hovering about in the corridor, opened the door. “And I trust you know I never abandon a post or sleep on the job.”
Sherlock had approached the maze with hands steepled, finger tips ghosting over his lips. It was obvious that the original structure of the maze had been lost - the paths overgrown and tangled, the hedges too woody to coax back into borders and paths. But no matter - the bushes themselves were now fantastical creatures, a zoological park turned on its head, mingled with the mythological inhabitants of an older, unreachable universe and surrounded by an English garden that looked ordinary only by its proximity so something so extraordinary.
John shook his head, and attempted to deflect. “Do you honestly believe that bird is following me around because I stole something from its nest?”
And when they arrived home the next day, after Sherlock had a bit too much to drink and admitted that Mycroft had never been very fat at all, he tucked his award inside a drawer beside their bed, but he hung Mycroft’s around the skull on the mantel, then went directly outside to tend to the bees.
“Within reason.” Homes finished the phrase for her and gave an exaggerated sigh. “My brother is accustomed to getting what he wants, when he wants it. He is using his injury to his advantage. This is not about Dr. Watson, Mrs. Hudson, as you well know.”
He laid out only the barest bit of groundwork as a cover – a brief conversation with Molly about the elderly patient, growing more and more feeble, and how a bit of fresh air might help the old man – though at a time when no one was about, as he was reclusive and ill-tempered.
The space was not precisely laid-out, nor did it appear to be carefully planned, though John suspected that every single thing within these walls was very carefully considered indeed. Unlike the stately old manor and gardens that surrounded this small space, there wasn’t an order that John could discern, not in the traditional sense, and the overall effect was a tamed sort of chaos, as if the garden was trying to submit to its new master, but was rebelling here and there, as the new master didn’t subscribe to the old rules of order.
Listening, on one particular occasion, to the tragic story of how Sherlock’s grandmother had died here at Rosethorne from something as ridiculous as a bee sting, while walking among the roses in one of the gardens.
“Number six,” he said as he made himself comfortable. “Stuffing your ashes in the pockets of my coat and wading into the Themes.”
of garden shears now, and the sound of someone whistling. He felt like a voyeur as he watched the man work, for the artist had made an appearance at last, circling a peacock-shaped bush, carefully – surgically – trimming its plumed tail. As he worked, a pair of squirrels kept him company, sitting a respectful distance away, but staying close, and running out to fetch the occasional peanut the man tossed their way. At one point, a robin flew off the wall and lit on the man’s shoulder, and balanced there a few moments before taking flight once again.
He left without further comment, feeling both drained and triumphant, like he had just survived a great test, a dangerous test and certain that Mycroft Holmes, like his brother, was much, much more than he seemed.
“Brains,” Sherlock said, as if reading John’s thoughts. “Pathetically hard to come by these days, yet Miss Hooper possesses them in abundance.”
Deny? Attribute what Mycroft had certainly clearly seen to the combination of trauma, pain and strong medication?
It was definitely Sherlock Holmes. The lips – nose – cheekbones. Smooth, upper crust voice. But wearing what had to be a woman’s wig, along with a ruffled silk dressing gown.
But this one puzzled him. It was a barred gate set in a long brick wall, too high to climb. He could see through the bars to a crumbling bricked sitting area, and to a child’s swing hanging from the bough of an oak tree just beyond that. The ropes that held the swing to the branch were old and frayed, and the grass beneath the wooden seat was tall and wild. It was a tableau of disuse, of a childhood long forgotten, yet oddly, the padlock on the gate was not rusty, and in the overgrown grass that carpeted the garden, a faint path wove its way into the trees below.
Al laughed. “No number of buttons can outdo that outfit Sherlock’s wearing. Is that what posh blokes wear to the club?”
“John,” he says. He puts down the violin and stands on shaky legs, taking the time to soak in the sight of the other half of his heart.
The sun had set and twilight lingered, the first stars just beginning to poke through in a sky wide and clear, when the car finally pulled off the main road and stopped before a pair of tall wrought iron gates. The driver beeped his horn twice and they waited – the driver not too patiently – until someone appeared to open the gates. The driver drove on without a thank you or a wave, and John glanced over to see the gateman staring at him with unabashed curiosity.
“I’m trying,” he snapped, regretting it almost immediately as Molly recoiled. But she turned her hand over under his, and interlaced their fingers.
“Here.” Sherlock rotated the paper ninety degrees and moved his finger to a new point on it. “No more than a quarter mile away. We’re facing south. The main entrance is in front us and the gates just beyond the cottage.” Sherlock’s voice, falling from just slightly above his ear, was low and even, and he brushed easily against John as he traced a line to the guest cottage. “The tunnel most likely starts on this wall, between here and here.”
In all of his focus on this very place, in all of his determination to come here, to solve the riddle of the secret locked garden and Greg Lestrade’s odd creative genius, John had never really considered that he’d feel this much of an intruder.
“Then you’ve been in its hoard.” Sherlock’s head swiveled toward John as John tensed, his hand moving up over the key in his pocket. “Wait – you
“Rosamund Mary Watson,” Al said, looking at no one other than his bride-to-be, “today, tomorrow and always I am yours and you are mine.”
He turned, adding before he walked briskly away, “I don’t hold the key to this gate, Dr. Watson. You’ll want to find the keeper of the keys, I expect, though you may not find your answer even there.”
John shook his head. “Nope. Didn’t mention that.”  He didn’t ask how Sherlock knew. “Does he have a partner?”
Sherlock shrugged. It was an old argument, and he only had the one hive now and it hardly kept him away from John at all. Besides, his arms and hands were so accustomed to stings he hardly felt them anymore.
“And he might tell you that you’re supposed to be grounding me, not leading me off onto ridiculous flights of fancy.”
“John, we’re far too old to have a tree house,” Sherlock said as John rose to his feet, more than a bit tipsy, and called it a night.
“You’re not at all what I would have expected,” John chanced. “And since you’re obviously not inclined to do what your body is demanding, and I’m awake anyway, why don’t you tell me about your….”
“I’m just a curious little boy!” protested Mycroft, repeating something Minerva had said in his defense the day before. “And stop manhandling me!”
The car pulled up into the circle before the entrance and John let his gaze sweep over the stately old building, the bushes and hedges that were trimmed but not manicured. The manor was not neglected – but from the exterior, at least, John had the idea that the garden staff was doing just enough to keep up appearances.
His assignment – not back in France at the field hospital scarce miles from the front. Not where people – soldiers bleeding out their lives on foreign soil – counted on him for a second chance. No – to his new assignment as resident physician at an Englishman’s private manor.
“Molly would disagree, I think,” John said. “She told me you’re processing those packages I deliver in no time.”
“While I admit that the sight of an entire hive creating a new queen then leaving the first hive en masse to seek new quarters is impressive, it does leave me with nothing for all the hard work I’ve put in.”
“Right,” he said, chasing away thoughts of bombed buildings crashing down and crushing his dreams – of a normal, ordinary life with Mary, of something secret yet extraordinary with Sherlock. “I’ve certainly got enough materials.”
It was an interesting and auspicious first meeting, one John would recall often in the weeks ahead as they settled into an unconventional work routine, one riddled with innuendo and, oddly, a good deal of sexual tension. Sometimes, they were a three-legged stool, balancing each other out with science, logic and medicine. And at other times, they were no better than teenagers, misreading each other’s emotions and intentions, falling into piques of jealousy on his part, and unbecoming pouting on Sherlock’s.
“I doubt you’ll to have to pick him out of a lineup,” says John gently as he takes the just-burped child from Sherlock and snuggles him against his chest. He knows that Sherlock isn’t worried about a lineup, but about things much, much more insidious.
Eleven fifteen and Sherlock’s door opens. He blinks in the muted sunlight, then stumbles into the loo while Rosie squeals and starts a hyper-speed crawl toward the closed bathroom door. Gifts are forgotten, save the new plushie with its sodden antenna, while John makes tea and Rosie watches Sherlock fly the bee around the sitting room.
The man John knew only as Billy – he’d never heard Wiggins before now – appeared only at meals, and seldom missed one. He generally kept his mouth occupied with eating, but when he did speak, it was with a distinctive Cockney accent, and more often than not, in response to a conversation he wasn’t involved in. Like Holmes had said, he was a tall, thin man. Wiry more than thin, though. The kind of man who was much stronger than he appeared. He wore plain white shirts and grey trousers, tailored clothing that hung oddly on his frame and never appeared to be pressed or well-laundered. No matter that he seldom spoke - the man was always listening and didn’t miss a thing – John was absolutely sure of it. By the process of elimination, John had determined that he had to be the attendant assigned to the other patient – the invalid. He certainly didn’t have the air of a caretaker – nurse or therapist or physician – though John imagined it was more important that he be able to lift the patient, and tend to the tasks of feeding and bathing him.
Sherlock carefully placed the violin on the floor beside his chair and settled back, legs folded like a gangly child. The expression on his face was undoubtedly different now – pleased? Hopeful?
“There isn’t enough – hey! – enough alc’ol in the world to make this alright,” John said in a too-loud whisper as he fell back onto Mycroft’s bed. His trousers were undone, his shirt untucked and his shoes were somewhere between the bed and the door.
He paused, glancing at Sherlock, hoping he’d fallen asleep. But Sherlock’s eyes were open, and he was studying John intently.
Her gaze, diamond hard, softened minutely. She looked down at Sherlock for a long moment, then leaned down and kissed his cheek fondly.
For something to temper the memories of all the ones he couldn’t save. His mother, his grandmother, his wife.
Sherlock nodded then ducked into the kitchen to put the milk away and fetch a glass. He sat down beside John and reached for the bottle.
“She’s – well, I think she’s lonely.” The words fell between them, a bit awkward. “She’s looking for something – for someone. I should tell you that now, in case – well, in case you’re interested. I’m not, and I think she knows that now. I was rather hoping you’d be…interested.”
There’s no way they’ll say no, not with the wallpaper, and the familiar layout, and the modern appliances in the spacious and otherwise old-fashioned kitchen. Not with the old footed tub and the modern shower, the perfect yard for the bees, and the ocean so close they can walk there in the morning with their coffee or tea and still drink it warm when they arrive. There’s privacy, and a separate garage, a shed for supplies, and beautiful trees.  It’s not too far from town, but not too close either. Both of their mobiles have excellent signals, and the wiring is new.  The house is charming and startlingly familiar. But it isn’t missing Mrs. Hudson or Rosie, and doesn’t have a single stair, and better yet, there’s not a CCTV camera in sight.
They stared at each other, and Mrs. Hudson forced a smile. John didn’t think he’d ever seen a smile less genuine.
“Well, since your brother is gone again, and there don’t seem to be any imminent crises looming over us, maybe you can tell me why you had Mrs. Hudson bring me here tonight.”
“Ridiculous,” said Sherlock, eyes following his sister-in-law with her perfectly coiffed do as she wandered over to the other Harry and Severus to introduce herself. Harry grinned at something she said, then said something to Severus and then Severus was laughing and chatting with her. They glanced over at Sherlock and Felicity waved. Sherlock lifted his hand reluctantly.
He sits on an over-stuffed chair to pull his shoes on, then limps to the door and picks up his cane.
“No – not at all. I just hoped butterflies or fireflies would fly out of his mouth,” Sherlock acknowledged.
John compressed his lips, considering the seriousness of the statement, and of the task appointed. “Yes, sir. Understood,” he said.
John had impatiently watched the minutes tick by after his meeting with Mycroft and Sholto until Mrs. Hudson finally came for him at three o’clock. She’d been directed by Mycroft to take him to Sherlock and Molly in their new work room, where they’d gone to set up after lunch. “He said to tell you Sherlock’s only been on the clock two hours,” Mrs. Hudson said as he followed her from his office through the grand foyer and into the other wing, then down a short corridor that led to an out-of-the-way stairway designed for the staff’s use. “Though he had him in that room with those officers for most of the morning too.”
The farce, he thought grimly as a rambling old manor rose into sight, was that he was expected to care for injured convalescents when he wasn’t much more than one of the same himself.
The boy gave a great sigh but got off the chair and stood, arms crossed before him again. “I don’t suppose we’re going home,” he said.
“I’m sure I’ll get along just fine here, Mrs. Hudson,” he said. He lowered his voice, and leaned in conspiratorially. “I don’t scare easily,” he whispered, giving her the kind of reassuring smile he might have given his mother.
Decision made, John turned around and headed out of the castle, giving the doors of the Great Hall a very wide berth.
Love came to Sherlock like a slowly waxing moon, illuminating his world until he was bathed in a most surprising light. Exposed and naked, he hides in the shadows and waits.
“The father of the bride traditionally dresses to match the male members of the wedding party,” Rosie explained patiently. “But Sherlock – you’re being fitted for robes next week! Robes!”
“Yet they clearly do not,” said Mycroft in his usual, grown-up, unpleasant voice. “They are far too small, yet my belt is too large.”
It ran nearly straight, though it trended downhill, until it crossed a derelict terrace and met a crumbling wall. Here, the path turned and followed the wall. It was clearly an old garden path, with remnants of paving stones here and there, though crossed with roots and potmarked with holes. It continued through an archway whose gates were long gone, ran through another, smaller garden with an abandoned pool and fountain, then finally ended at yet another closed gate.
“Mycroft – enough!” John, now in jeans as well, took the child by the shoulder and marched him from the room.
“Dr. Watson,” she began, voice catching a bit as she leaned back against the door. “You aren’t at all what I expected.”
John’s heart jerked out of rhythm. He had trouble sucking in a breath of air. His chest was suddenly too tight. This was ridiculous - all of it. Ridiculous. Mary had been sick. Mary had died. There was nothing to hide. The sorrow had long since passed, and most of the anger. The discipline and the routine of the army, the enormity of what he’d dealt with since Mary, had helped isolate her into a quiet corner of his past.
“Adults are simply grown up children, Dr. Watson,” she said at last. “And for good or for ill, I expect you know this particular former-adult well enough to know what might motivate him out of a tantrum.”
“You look rather ordinary,” answered the boy.  “And your flat mate is clearly a Wizard – he looked quite magical and he obviously Apparated away just a few minutes ago.”
He had the presence of mind to wake Billy before he rushed back to the infirmary, and when he glanced back at Sherlock as Billy stumbled into the room, Irene Adler was leaning over him, brushing the tangled curls out of his eyes.
“What do you mean you hoped she’d work well with me? What are you saying, Sherlock?” He stopped, frowning as he remembered something. “Unattached?” He turned to look at Molly, who’d given up even trying to speak. “What has
They kept a flat in the city, a collection of rooms so oddly put together that visitors spent more time studying the wallpaper or the bizarre artifacts on the mantel than drinking their tea, and their cups would go cold, forgotten on their saucers. Sherlock’s seizures very nearly disappeared altogether, though he suffered them on rare occasions, but John, dependable as London fog, was always there to see him through. John’s hands were ultimately strong enough, and steady enough, to tend to most of his patients, and he could suture up wounds in a pinch. He’d never perform surgery again, but his practice in the Yorkshire countryside, and as the on-call physician for the convalescent hotel at Rosethorne, called for nothing more dexterous than setting the occasional bone and stitching up a gash from a fall in the garden.
He welcomes the company, mute though it is.  It’s lonely without John, and he isn’t at all good at taking care of himself.
John stood staring a long moment, trying to digest the words. Mycroft’s voice had gone from bitter to warm, from commanding to something almost tender. It was the morphine – or the pain – or both together, and John knew he was seeing what few saw from this man. Glimpses of the human being inside the rigid exterior. A humanity suppressed, encaged beneath thick skin, and duty to family, and country, and whatever supreme deity the Holmes family worshipped.
He’d been lonely. He had no other romantic commitments or entanglements. The prospects at Rosethorne were extremely limited. Molly was smart, attractive and, apparently, interested.
Sherlock sighed. “I’ve been waiting some time to meet Molly in person, and I’ve quite a few questions for her.”
Harry laughed. “Sev has a certain reputation for figuring out how to do exactly what he wants to do without breaking his promise not to do whatever that is.”
“You could say that,” he said. He sobered then, thinking that today’s London wasn’t the London of the 1930s, and the air had a very different quality there indeed.
"He came for me." Mycroft shifted, grimacing a bit, then limping forward toward a garden table, sanded and polished, and the sturdy chairs around it. "Sit, John," he said, motioning to one of the chairs.
John had some ideas about Sherlock Holmes, about things he should and shouldn’t be doing if he wanted to recover his fabled lost mind palace. And he especially had ideas about sleep, but was wise enough to not pummel Sherlock with these ideas quite yet.
Molly dropped onto the shaky bench John had built, the one they all seemed to favour no matter that he’d built better ones since. She broke the seal and extracted a single sheet of paper. She scanned it, and a smile bloomed on her face.
“I – I don’t know what’s in that letter,” Mrs. Hudson said, and John took that opportunity to tuck the pages back in the envelope. “But no one’s to know he’s here. Not unless it’s absolutely necessary, Mr. Holmes says. It has something to do with the war. Sherlock’s very, very bright. Queer sort – too smart for his own good. And important – what he does – what he
While it might have been fun to pretend he was, John knew that with this particular child, establishing authority from the get-go was the only way to have half a shot at a positive outcome.
Sherlock stood suddenly, and John’s injured arm, which had been wedged behind Sherlock, fingers in his back pocket, fell awkwardly to his side.
“You’ll need to remain in the present, with the problem – the code. Attachments are – problematic. Distracting. Focus is paramount.” He lifted a shoulder lazily. “And besides, you’re not.”
No matter that Lestrade had opened the gate for them. No matter that this was Sherlock’s family’s ancestral home and he should have a right to go where he wanted about the estate.
John exploded with a strangled cry that echoed in the silent tunnel. The entire universe, his entire being, was centered on the tight warmth of Sherlock’s mouth, and his injured leg, the one he’d hardly felt as he danced with Sherlock on the rough stone floor, shuddered in protest and Sherlock’s arms gripped him hard around his thighs and kept him steady, even as he let gravity take over and slid down the wall, coming to rest on his arse, knees up in front of him, trousers undone, one hand still holding onto Sherlock, pulling him in for a kiss that offered to start something more.
“Surprising? Not in the least. Your mother was quite gifted – her unrealised intellectual potential made her untimely breakdown and institutionalisation all the more tragic. Not that your father was a lightweight himself, though his refutal of the theory of genetic evolution in the peppered moth post Industrial Revolution left him a bit high and dry. But then again, he was always a bit of an outlier, wasn’t he?”
Here at Rosethorne, at least before Sherlock Holmes began to occupy his thoughts more than any one person or thing, life seemed utterly predictable.
“Or when they need their hair arranged just so,” John added. “Or don’t know how many buttons of their suit coat to do up.”
“Impossible.” Mycroft folded his hands on the desk and looked thoughtfully at his brother. “Curious that you don’t want to leave here. You’ve always hated the country. You seemed to thrive in London. Yet – here you stand. Blackmailing me out of my ancestral home.”
But with a sudden movement, Sherlock stood. He brushed the wrinkles from his trousers and stared at John pointedly.
Mycroft knows people – the right people – and he knows his brother, and he knows John Watson. In the space of four days, he culls through the properties that his people present him and personally chooses the best twelve. He studies the listings, the photos, consults maps, researches the towns and villages nearby, and on the fourth day presents a folio of potential properties to Sherlock.  He’s included one that’s an absolute no, and another probably-not, but has done so intentionally so that Sherlock can roll his eyes and toss it aside. But the remainder are all viable. While Sherlock pushes the plan forward, he begins preliminary work to assess each potential site from a security vantage.
“He’s not my patient,” John answered, taking a seat on the other bench. “I haven’t seen his medical records. No one knows much about him – though he doesn’t have any outward signs of traumatic injury.”
Said fire brigade members cleared John away three minutes later, and he retreated to watch and take photographs with the rest of the crowd.
The couple, confident and entirely at ease as they dropped toward earth, recited their vows perfectly and managed a kiss before their black and white chutes deployed.
Sherlock ignored him. “Seven – wrapping one of your jumpers around them and using them for a pillow.”
He sipped at the water, then carefully set the glass on the table before addressing Lestrade. John hung back against the wall, cradling his throbbing hand, knowing he really should get the stingers out, but too caught up in what was about to happen to make dealing with it a priority.
If Sherlock was all right – if his injuries weren’t serious, weren’t life-altering - there would be time for forgiveness later.
“It creates a transparent bubble around your head to keep out weather and really bad smells and to let you swim underwater longer. And it provides fresh air without letting those smells in.”
He remembered how he’d pounded on the piano the first time his mum was in hospital, before the cancer had spread.
“John?” asked Sherlock. A long moment had passed and John had done nothing save blink several times.
He’s aware that things may be a bit out of order for him, that sexual desire is what brings many together, that love is something that takes time to grow, that must be nurtured.
talking about the general,” Holmes said. “You’ll want to backdate that letter – I believe Miss Adler left the premises for good on Monday, yes?”
They intrude on him when he’s having his tea or sitting in the garden with the newspaper. The door opens and a startled looking man peeks in on him, then hurriedly closes the door. He’s getting out of the tub, stepping carefully onto the mat, when the door to the bathroom swings open and an elderly woman gazes at him in shock, then pulls the door shut again. Once he is sleeping and the cupboard door opens to a young woman in a bridal gown, clearly not expecting to stumble upon an old man’s bedchamber.
“Well, that wasn’t my doing. I didn’t drug the staff and the other patients so they’d sleep soundly.”
it while I attempted to reorganise the data I’d previously collected. And this painting, or sculpture, this
Sherlock stood. “I’d like to see Molly again – if not tonight, then in the morning. We’ve got quite a bit to discuss before we start in earnest.”
He checked his shoes – still tied. They protruded out from beneath his robes, which were billowing out below him in a pleasantly aesthetic manner – like that British nanny in that movie Rosie had liked so much when she was little. His billowing robes seemed a bit dangerous, given that he was wearing only pants below them, though the parachute harness that went between the legs assured at least some degree of modesty. He remembered that Lestrade was waiting down below and hoped he hadn’t brought that fancy camera of his with the telephoto lens.
“John. Please?” Molly frowned at him, and he frowned back at her, but settled his hips against the back of a sizable leather chair, only half following their request to sit. In turn, Molly folded her arms over her chest and bravely faced Sherlock. “I think why I’m here is more important than whether or not I’m attached.”
Behind her, Sherlock Holmes slept on, still clad in dressing gown and slippers, but curled up on his side. From time to time, an undignified snore escaped him. She sat on the edge of the bed and crossed her legs.
“You came to me at Baker Street, and then you came back with Rosie, and now….” He trails off and gestures at their surroundings. “Though I suppose you'll have at least seven....”
Clean and bright yet full of the kind of clutter that made a place look lived in. A navy blue cardigan draped on the back of a chair. Stethoscope and blood pressure cuff hung on a wall hook beside the door. An array of papers and files and pamphlets and books. A few well-tended house plants. There was nothing feminine at all about the room yet John knew immediately that this was a woman’s office. Perhaps the tea service – floral with gold edging – gave it away, but he thought not. It was more a feeling, something to do with the order of things.
“I want to finish my lunch first,” small Mycroft insisted, “and then I’d like another round of Quidditch.”
He hadn’t asked Lestrade more questions, although there were dozens churning through his mind, questions that kept him awake most of the night, and plagued him the next day as he made his rounds and struggled to complete his notes with his nearly-useless dominant hand and his sore and swollen right.
John closed the wardrobe door and went out to the workroom again, eying the door directly across from the door to the loo. He soon found that it led to another storage room, this one even dimmer than the first, but not so crowded with cast-offs. The bed would go here, then - though the room could stand a bit of cleaning first. John sighed - Mrs. Hudson would have a thing or two to say if called upon to clean a dusty basement.
“Attached,” he stated. He let the word sink into the silence of the room. “You’d like to be, though. But John clearly isn’t your type. He’s too moody, too short-tempered, and not nearly as attentive as you’d demand. Furthermore, he isn’t predisposed to being a father. He’d be an admirable one, of course, if the role were pressed upon him, but he’d not easily make the conscious choice to reproduce. You, on the other hand, are looking forward to children – three – no. Two.  You’d like to return to work when they are old enough to fend for themselves for a few hours a day. Don’t feel guilty – my own mother did the same thing and look at me – I turned out perfectly fine.”
he was assigned and the responsibilities given him, but he did not have to tolerate such a blatant violation of his privacy.
Mycroft’s gaze hardened. “They’ve made little progress in the interim. His methods are unorthodox - yet his results, to date, are flawless. It hasn’t been easy to pick up the pieces and continue since the team often can’t understand their starting point. You understand, Dr. Watson?”
“Who taught you to play chess?” John asked. The answer to the question didn’t particularly interest him, but he hadn’t had time to consider a better one.
John kept his eyes on Lestrade as Sherlock continued to speak, cataloguing the man’s past months as if pulling facts from a newspaper. And this was the man whose mind palace was
When the first human form entered the circle of ground below him, he was a bit distressed to see that it was John. John couldn’t get him down with a wiz-stick. And the wiz-fits couldn’t get him down if Muppets were around. Well – John
He heard the veiled threat in the last sentence of the letter, and understood very well that the Holmes brothers somehow knew his secret. Knew it – knew what he’d done to James Agra – yet brought him here anyway.
“Partial – and separate under each wing.” Sherlock sorted through a stack of papers, pulled out a floor plan from the pile and smoothed it out. “They only extend another twenty or thirty feet to the west from here.”
“Musicians are artists as well,” Sherlock insisted. “As are writers. Perhaps you have a story to tell.”
And something else – larger than the other items in the stash, and far too heavy for a crow to have lifted.
“No. I planned to examine Miss Adler this morning after breakfast and make my own assessment of her condition before writing the release letter you requested.”
“Nothing has changed, John,” claimed the man who was holding John’s hand, the man whose lips had just burned a new brand into his soul. “We’re on the same path, going the same direction, toward the same destination. We’re just walking together now.”
Lestrade, whose eyes were locked on Sherlock’s face. Whose own face was white with shock. Whose chest was heaving.
Apologies for the long delay in getting this chapter finished. There's a bit of an odd discovery in this one, but we've reached an important milestone. Lots of garden from here on out as we cruise along to the finish. As a refresher from chapter 20, Sherlock and Molly are off getting their new decoding endeavor set up, and John is called in to speak with Sholto and Mycroft and to have his orders to do whatever necessary to enable Sherlock to do his job reinforced. He has a lot of time to kill while Molly and Sherlock are off together, and upon reflection, realizes he's flirting with Sherlock. He vows to put some distance between them emotionally - and to put his assignment first.
? Because you need him? Anything to keep him from becoming too bored with the project? Enough distraction to take away the edge but not enough to put him off the project altogether?”
“Of course you’re not, dear,” she says, giving him a cheeky smile as she faces Sherlock, hands on her hips. “Oh, Sherlock! You’ve brought home a friend!”
John nodded, straightened his posture and folded his hands on the table, waiting. He found it difficult to keep his eyes focused on Mycroft, as Sherlock was, by far, the most interesting – and surprising –  thing in this room.
John grinned. “Excellent. Severus will have a friend for life – maybe Sherlock will drop this ridiculous button thing.”
“Of course I do – she was poisoned. With what – I can only guess. It’s not in her chart, as you undoubtedly already know.”
It didn’t mean anything. It was reflexive – his once dominant hand. The practice in the music room had certainly strengthened his arm and hand, and adroit manual dexterity wasn’t required to offer a bit of support to an over-tired patient.
“That’s Mycroft talking,” John said. He let go of Sherlock’s hand and Sherlock dropped back onto the bench beside him. “But what you said – that’s what I was trying to do, you know.”
“Ah – now you’re being romantic,” John said, running a wrinkled finger over the sensitive arch of the same foot.
And here, today, Sherlock wanted John to know that he knew. That he knew and had not judged. That he understood how complex these things were.
Charlie helped John with the children’s treehouse, built in the old garden that fronted their own. It was a thing of beauty, well-crafted and tight as a ship. It had a secret tunnel of its own, and port hole windows so the children could spy on their dad as he worked his art in the maze, and a dog-sized dumbwaiter to bring the collie up to play.
“I know you wouldn’t, you silly thing. Look, I understand your fascination with – wizfittery,” Rosie said, lowering her voice and glancing at the door to make sure they were still alone. “But you have to love him for him, Sherlock. And you have to be alright with Hamish being just Hamish. Plain ol’ Hamish who goes to primary and skins his knees on the playground and is allergic to strawberries and whose biggest wish in the world is to look at pond water through Grandpa Sherlock’s microscope.”
“She told him I was his uncle,” Sherlock said, stepping forward. “He had a fit – he assumed I am his caretaker now because his parents are
Lestrade’s eyes widened. Then, to John’s immense surprise, his mouth twitched into a slow, delighted smile and he moved forward until he stood just in front of Sherlock beside the bed.
“Tell me about practicing medicine in the desert, John. Tell me what it feels like – the sand, the grit – in your eyes, on your skin, in the wounds – when you’re trying to operate. What a bullet feels like when it pierces flesh and bone. What your mind does when you’re losing too much blood and your vision is fading. And then, when you’ve told me all you know about that, tell me about the piano. Why you learned to play. And more importantly, why you stopped.”
“You survived the assault, I see,” he said, scrutinising John’s face even as John schooled his features, gearing up for the lecture he was about to deliver. Sherlock frowned, apparently not approving of something he read in John’s expression. He dropped his gaze, returning his attention to the folio without commenting on what he’d found troubling. “Anderson is a blithering idiot. Sholto would be acceptable if he stopped trying to be diplomatic and simply spoke his mind.” He did not offer any comment on his own brother.
“From the roof of St. Paul’s Cathedral,” Sherlock began, voice catching as he spoke. “And Rosie and William will do the same for me when I join you.”
“Yet that doesn’t mean you’re not a surgeon. Is a novelist who has put down the pen, no longer inspired, not still an author? Or a man who has killed once – is he not forever a murderer?”
“This garden - ” Lestrade fought for the words. “This garden is different.” He picked up his hedge clippers then stared at the keys in his hand, seeming to come to a decision. “All right.”
John turned in time to see Sherlock, sputtering, pluck a goldfish out of his hair and drop it into the hands of one of the students standing beside him.
“Don’t touch me! Don’t touch me!” Mycroft screeched as a confused John hovered over him, fighting with his natural aversion to close physical proximity to this particular Holmes brother.
It was a question out of the blue, and John found his focus once more jerked from one line of thought to quite another.
He grinned and took her hand. “Al Potter. Two dads?” He motioned into the flat behind him and lowered his voice. “My dad’s trying out the boyfriend thing. With my former headmaster.” He gave a pretend shudder and Rosie laughed, but it was all she could talk about when they were finally upstairs in 221B.
“Your father and mother came home from a night out with friends. You were seventeen, your sister eighteen. They found a stranger, a man of twenty-five, escaping through a back window. Your father assaulted him, while you intervened and attempted to prevent your father from harming him. However, your father threw him against a wall, ultimately causing his death by cerebral hemorrhage. Your father was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter and sentenced to five years in prison. He died there, of cardiac arrest.”
“I could. I just did.” Sherlock took one last curious look at the treehouse above then settled stiffly to the ground, leaning against the tree as he drew his knees up and wrapped his arms around them. “My mind is all I have as I recover physically from an attack. I learned techniques to clear it - to keep it sharp - many years ago. It might be fuzzy after a seizure, but it doesn’t
“I thought so - once,” Sherlock answered. “Looking back on it, I imagine what I actually felt was something between infatuation and lust.”
And just like that, the conversation took another abrupt ninety degree turn, and Sherlock was delivering what amounted to a veritable Shakespearean soliloquy, on his feet again, pacing and gesturing, expounding on his mind palace in such a way that John, had he not already been introduced to the concept, would have believed it to be a living organism, quite possibly the Prince of Whales or the Archbishop of Canterbury.
Sherlock plays until he’s banished every fear and misgiving into the far corners of his mind. He’s not wrong – everything will be different from now on. John’s leg will grow stronger, but never quite strong enough. In time, John’s struggles with the stairs will do Sherlock in far before John is ready to give up. They’ll leave 221B and move to a cottage in Sussex. John, not ready for retirement, will take on work at a local clinic. Sherlock will putter in the garden and take up beekeeping.  They’ll grow old together there, and Sherlock will play for John on sleepless, melancholic nights when they’re both restless for something more. It will become their new normal, and the weight Sherlock carries with him will feel lighter with time, ballast to stabilize the load he carries instead of anchor to drown him in guilt and might-have-beens.
“Sherlock.” John’s voice held a warning, but Sherlock ignored it. He studied Molly a moment longer, then stood and walked over to one of the stained-glass windows, leaning casually against the wall beside it.
“Seven hives, then?” he says, and John laughs and rolls his eyes. He forgets about his leg, and the life they’ll be leaving behind, and how long the train ride is from Sussex to Cambridge. Heaven isn’t a place  – it’s Sherlock Holmes. He laughs at the irony, knows that no one else in the world would agree.
“Hagrid was in the Great Hall with me all morning,” Sherlock said. “And I think I’d have noticed if he’d dyed his hair red.”
“You can handle it without me,” John assured him. “I bet Hagrid would love to be a corpse. And whatever you do - please stay in Minerva’s good graces. She’s threatened to ban you from the castle unless I’m there to babysit.”
But that was a discussion – likely an argument – to be had with Sherlock, not with the brother whose motives he didn’t quite trust.
“Haven’t seen him,” Sherlock replied.  He seemed in quite a good mood for someone who’d gone down to visit the neighbor and returned an hour later with an armful of shopping bags including, apparently, the ingredients for a treacle tart.
He shouldn’t be playing odd games of chess, drinking too much scotch, drawing a cartoon of Mycroft Holmes standing on a plank with crocodiles circling below. He shouldn’t be letting Sherlock Holmes see through him. He shouldn’t be answering questions about his father, his mother, Mary.
“Did he bore you to death?” Sherlock asked as he tossed two pillows off of his own chair. “Was it horrible?”
“Pills?” The man carefully replaced his sock. “Exercises in futility.” He winced a bit as he slid his shoe over his sock, but stoically laced it. “You need a meaningful activity to encourage your progress. Surely Hooper can see that.” He nodded toward the door. “I’ll speak with her in the morning before I leave. Good evening, Dr. Watson.”
“Not just the right proportions,” he said. “One that takes the pressure off my hip, if that’s even possible.”
"I wish you'd let us adjust them," Hermione was saying. "You can put them back to rights once we figure...."
He knew that Sherlock needed more time to pull himself back together, and that he was using the opportunity to center himself physically as he examined the garden out beyond the cottage. John wandered out of the dressing room into the bedchamber. The furnishings had been removed, leaving a once-lush carpet over narrow hardwood slats, but John’s eyes were drawn to the windows which let in a flood of light through the unwashed glass. They ran nearly floor to ceiling and French doors between them led to a wide, open veranda.
John wasn’t sorry to see Holmes’ car driving away the next morning. The staff acted differently when he was on site – jumpy, on edge. There seemed to be a universal sigh of relief when he was gone, and life soon returned to what passed for normal at Rosethorne Manor.
“I’m not making progress,” Sherlock said as he dropped onto the bench beside John. He frowned as he tested the bench’s strength, but settled in with a sigh.
“Don’t you get bored just sitting there holding him?” John asks Sherlock when William is ten days old and they’re staying at Rosie’s flat for the weekend so she can get some sleep.
for what Sherlock had suffered at the hands of those who’d kept him captive – wasn’t anything like that rage at all.
John’s story from this point forward is by-the-book predictable. Extraction from the vehicle. Transport in an ambulance to hospital. The first of three surgeries to put repair his shattered leg. Blood loss. Trauma. A morphine-induced haze that lasted longer than it took Sherlock to find him.
Shit. He’d planned to wait up – Mrs. Hudson and Molly and Greg had all come and gone and it was just he and Rosie for the rest of the quiet evening.
He knew, by the way she spoke, how she looked at him so intently, that she wasn’t referring only to Al.
The ear-piercing shriek that had escaped as soon as she lowered the shield faded into a quiet sob and a stifled gulp. The headmistress fished in her pocket for a handkerchief and held it to the child’s nose and he blew into it obediently. She tucked it away, still conferring quietly with the child, who nodded sagely as she spoke to him again. His gaze wandered over to John and Sherlock as she patted him on the shoulder and turned away.
He lifted John’s closed hand to his lips, and pressed them against it, and the brand burned into his skin, and settled around his heart.
Lestrade was nearly always present those late afternoons in the garden, and as the summer slowly gave way to autumn, he began to engage John in preparations for the winter.
“No fireworks while we’re jumping!” Lee warned the onlookers, an assorted group of mostly red-heads.
“You didn’t need to. It was written on your face, plain as your nose.” Sherlock looked up from the schematic he was studying. “Not that your nose is entirely plain - it fits your face well and certainly isn’t the feature one focuses on first.”
John sat at the piano and began a right-handed retelling of Three Blind Mice, pointedly ignoring Sherlock.
“Are you forfeiting your next question?” asked Sherlock with a smile. He was studying the board again, pointedly not looking at John.
John’s gaze traveled back to Lestrade, who looked, somehow, as if he simultaneously wanted to punch Sherlock in the nose and throw his arms around his neck and hug him. His hands at his sides were tense, clenching into tight fists, then slowly unclenching, fingers stretching out before the hand closed once more into a fist. It was a stance John recognised well. Sherlock seemed to recognise it, too. He lowered his voice even more, launching into a monologue in a quiet, calm, and oddly clinical manner.
“I am well aware of my brother’s limitations, Dr. Watson. Your job is to help him overcome those limitations so that he can complete the assignment he was working on when he was injured. And please take note that I did not go into this blindly – I understood the risks of allowing my brother to choose you, and could have aborted the process at any time. But the risk was worth the potential gain. He presented your dossier to me and announced that it would be you, or no one at all. I made it very clear to him at that time that if I brought you to Rosethorne, he would be committed to the war effort ‘til the end. So, now that you and Sherlock have moved matters along” – here he waved tiredly toward the closed door of the chamber where Sherlock lay sleeping – “where do we stand with the project? Has his obsessive focus on you benefited or harmed our endeavor?”
John is distracted. There is work, and there is Rosie. He mourns, perhaps not for Mary, but for a mother for his child, for the life he thought he wanted. He is comfortable here in 221B, his home, Rosie’s home, but he’s not comfortable with the idea of it, with what others see, with what they surmise. He is torn.
I shouldn’t be the one worrying about this, he thought, idly waving a bee away from his face as he made his way back into the cottage.
He took his time in the kitchen fetching the ice, hoping Mycroft would be asleep when he returned. He should have known better – Mycroft Holmes did not succumb so easily. He remained stoically silent as John arranged the ice pack on his arm just over the break, administered the morphine, and rebandaged the dressing over the neat line of sutures.
It ended with coloured pencils and rulers and drawing paper spread across Sherlock’s work table. Drawings. Measurements. Materials lists. Doodles of pirates with eye-patches, wooden legs, hooks for hands. A John pirate with a sickly-looking parrot on his shoulder. Sherlock with eye-patch and spyglass. John and Sherlock in tricorn hats, side by side, peeking over the top of a hedge maze.
He spoke quickly - cleanly, and quite clinically, and John and Molly both paid him the sort of attention one gives a fast-talking salesman.
There came a day, some time after Sherlock and John found the tunnel and ventured through it to the cottage, when Sherlock, more melancholy than usual as they walked through Greg’s garden, said, “I need to do something.”
What did he think John, of all people in the world, of all the medical professionals available to someone of the Holmes brothers’ means, could do for him?
“My mind palace – it isn’t a device conceived and executed for this job – for the war effort,” he clarified. “It is something – a construct – that has been part of my being for many years. I don’t want it back – I
Two weeks passed before Mycroft Holmes returned. He was in the house for less than twenty-four hours, and called John in to look at a toenail he thought might be ingrown, and to inquire how his therapy was coming along.
“Of course I went to the shops. We were out of milk. And bread. And I wanted to make a treacle tart.
Sherlock was lying in bed, left leg encased in a plaster cast that nearly reached his hip. His face and hands were swollen and coloured with healing bruises and contusions. He looked, John thought, like he’d been on the losing side of a pub brawl.
he thought as he closed his eyes and let his mind drift into the unexpected pleasures of this summer’s day. It occurred to him, as the sound of the men’s voices and the clacking of their tools passed by him on the wind, that, given his initial reaction to Lestrade and Sherlock’s relationship, he was oddly calm about the obvious closeness between them today.
In one way, he supposed that was a good thing. It was unlikely that Sherlock suffered any major seizures during the time, or that his health was otherwise compromised. He could certainly have sent for John at any time, or come for him at night himself, in disguise. But with Mycroft remaining uncharacteristically close, he probably chose not to chance it.
He seemed to be talking to the night, to someone hovering about in the air before him, and not to John at all.
), but the actual killer remained at large. In general, police resources were wasted thoughtlessly, and with great abandon.
John, in that moment, realized that he absolutely should not be staring and in fact, should be helping with the great deal of work that needed to be done. Even Masse and Oweyn had disappeared somewhere, off to work on fixing the current horse crisis.
”It’s because of the military aspect, isn’t it?” he asked. “You don’t like that you have something in common with a killer. You don’t like that a fellow serviceman is capable of this.”
John heard footsteps approaching behind him, and turned to see the royal family approach: the queen, her consort, and little Prince Sherlock, no older than Oweyn himself. John immediately straightened, fixing his eyes on the road before him, and brushed Masse's hand to get her attention. Her eyes widened, and she hurriedly whispered something in her brother's ear before they both straightened in imitation of John.
He draws his weapon and creeps into Sherlock’s bedroom. The man is sleeping, buried under a rumpled comforter, the softest moonlight falling across the bed through the curtains, just enough to illuminate a gorgeous silhouette. His features seemed even more delicate in sleep; softer, as if John was seeing him relaxed in a way he never was while awake.
John looked at him shrewdly. "Alright," he said. "So, what I'm getting here is, you have a limited amount of time to find someone to form a spousal bond with, or else you'll die."
"God, don't make me get Lestrade, it makes me feel like a little kid running to snitch on a sibling."
Sherlock plucked a date out of the fruit bowl and went back to his microscope. "Don't think I don't know what you're doing," he said. "And it's just water and dates, by the way. I won't let you coerce me into an unnecessarily heavy iftar on top of the dinner you're going to force me to eat later."
"Yes. Vulcans can form telepathic links with other people. The most primitive form of this is a familial bond, between siblings or parents and children. It's very basic, and allows only background awareness of the other person's continued existence and state of wellbeing."
His wedding meld with John had been a sunburst of sensation, an explosion of feeling and emotion. It caught him like a tidal wave, like a supernova. Completely unprepared and incapable of defense, helpless to do anything but just sit there and feel it.
"Not necessary," he said. "I've got it well handled. The job'll be finished tonight, barring any unforseen circumstances. Like giant meatheads jumping in headfirst, guns blazing. That'd muck things right up."
So not all human minds. Though he hardly had a science-worthy sample to draw from. But even his melds with Mycroft and Mummy had never been like this. Their minds were cold cold cold and clear, almost painful and sharp to the touch, a razor's edge of intelligence. Brutal, ceaseless logic. He had felt awe, and admiration, and as he got older, adrift. Lost and different and confused. Illogical.
She opened her mouth to snarl something, but Lestrade cut her off. “Sherlock, if you have a theory, then just say it.”
when you know about crimes being committed. Remember when you first started doing this? And you would just call us on the tip line and give helpful tips? Can you go back to doing that?"
John arrives at the scene just three minutes after Sherlock. The house itself is taped off, surrounded by murmuring reporters and flashing cameras.
"You're looking for a vigilante," he said, standing. "First a prostitute, now a drug dealer. This man believes he's cleaning up the streets. He'll be heavily involved in the community, likely a respected leader. It's possible he has a job that exposes him to a lot of violence or allows him to feed his protective instincts. A surgeon, a paramedic, a firefighter, a soldier, something like that. Something that allows him to do something finite and feel like he is actively making his community safer. A family man, politically active, at
"Well fine, if I'm so unwanted, then maybe I'll just leave and take all my helpful tips with me," he said.
Shooting yourself in the foot and having to patch it up yourself in a third-rate bedsit because hospitals are required to report all gunshot wounds to the police sucked even more.
These two parts of his life were definitely not supposed to mix. Old friends from uni should not be introducing him to the man he was going to kill later that evening. Absolutely not.
"Look," John said. "I'm not asking you to marry me for real. I'm saying that you need a bond, and you're my friend and I'll help you out. How many other people know about your... biology, anyway?"
He smiled sadly. "I'm a hybrid," he said. "A disgusting half-breed. There's a reason my family lives on Earth, John. We wouldn't be welcome back on Vulcan."
"Hormones will flood my body's systems. I will begin mass producing the Vulcan equivalent of adrenaline. I will be extremely irritable, volatile, and in a constant state of arousal. I may grow violent. It's... It's dangerous."
For a moment, Sherlock looked so young and vulnerable and painfully hopeful. Then his expression shuttered closed.
"Sherlock, you're amazing. You're a credit to your people, and your planet should be glad to have you." He smiled. "Earth sure is."
plotty stuff was meant to happen in this chapter but I am very easily distracted. Plot may happen in the next chapter. Maybe
He was a very patriotic man, so incredibly noble and moral, willing to even go so far as to kill for the country he loved.
He hefted up his medical bag onto the coffee table and began the examination. He took her pulse, blood pressure, temperature, height and weight measurements, and a blood sample. He asked about the typical Vulcan diet and how she had been coping since coming to Earth. He told her to buy vitamin-D and copper supplements to take every day. He asked about life expectancy and preventative medicine and internal organ structures.
John took his hands in his own. "Of course. I'm going to spend the rest of my life with you one way or the other, Sherlock Holmes. And I'd like you to stay alive for that."
Busywork. This was busywork, and it was illogical, and... You know what? Screw logic. Screw Mycroft and the entirety of Vulcan culture. Sherlock was v'tosh ka'tur anyway, and if he wanted to do something stupidly, uselessly illogical to please his mate, then so be it.
He was dimly aware of John examining his consciousness, turning his mind over and over to get a sense for it, eagerly looking at every little bit he could without any training in technique.
John, unfortunately, has a traceable past with hundreds of people who knew him casually and aren't currently dead. Mike Stamford is one of them. He could always move to another country and start fresh, but-- as Mike so succinctly put it-- he can't bear to be away from London.
He gave it a quick examination, determined it to be real and nonsequential, and then he shook the professor's hand.
He sat on the couch beside Sherlock and pulled supplies out of his first aid kit. Sherlock required eleven stitches, and John topped them off with antiseptic and heavy bandages, removing the makeshift tourniquet and binning it. Sherlock was silently compliant the entire time.
taking this seriously. I am fully aware of your capabilities and limits, John. You forget our minds are linked. In the event of a true emergency, I am capable of exerting a calming influence over you."
"Yes it is. The oxygen in my blood is carried by copper-based cells rather than iron ones. It's hardly an outlandish concept. Your Earth's cuttlefish has the same design."
Muslim women on the street with a barrage of questions, ended up being invited back to one of their houses, and the local community just basically decided to keep her as their crazy but harmless white friend. She had quickly and happily converted, and to this day spoke fondly of how those three women (now her closest friends) and then the Muslim community had been the first humans to show her kindness, to make her feel that she had a chance here.
"That was a shite graze," he said. "Went way too far in. You'll need stitches for sure, and almost definitely a blood transfusion. Tourniquets are supposed to be a last resort only. This'll hold you for a little while, but Sherlock, we have to get you to a hospital."
Sherlock stands up, distancing himself from the body. “Shot through the window, almost certainly long-range. Bullet hit dead center in the back of the head. The shooter was either a highly skilled marksman or used a scope; balance of probability— both. This was a professional hit by a hired gun.”
Mr. Holmes was a completely average-looking human man. Mrs. Holmes, on the other hand, was a tall, statuesque woman with striking features. Her eyes were sharp and clear, just like Sherlock's, radiating intelligence. She wore a long-sleeved, floor-length dress and a hijab, Vulcan features effectively hidden.
John nodded. Moriarty waved a hand, and the giant pile of muscle in the corner moved forward. He laid a briefcase on the desk, flicking it open to show off the cash.
"You don't get it," he said. "I do feel things, yes, but I'm not supposed to. I let my emotions drive me. It's illogical. I am v'tosh ka'tur, a t'kaul'ama. I am considered a disgrace to my people and my entire planet."
Apparently not, as heels clicked rapidly on cobblestone and a silk-gloved hand tapped him on the shoulder. John froze and turned.
Lestrade had issued a warning for the neighborhoods he was hunting in, which were now crawling with an abundance of patrol cars. And, of course, phoned in reports of suspicious men. Almost none of these men fit the profile even remotely. There were a number of petty charges issued (one for
They were taking a cab back to Baker Street, and Sherlock was ranting about how London’s general population lacked the basic listening comprehension to understand a simple profile, when he noticed that John was being oddly quiet.
"But why?" he asked. He glanced at the clock, its blocky red numbers glaring at him. "It's... Jesus, it's 4:52 in the morning, Sherlock. This better be good. Did you solve the case? You'll have to wait a few hours before Lestrade--"
He put himself up in a cheap hotel near Baker Street and began his own research. He didn't go into any job blind, much as just about every client would like him to. Except, of course, for the ones who wanted to monologue about whatever great evil the mark had committed that pushed them to seeking out a hitman. And John just had to suffer through those encounters and nod along. Deranged people don't like being reminded that their hitman is not their therapist. It's not dangerous in any way-- John can take care of himself-- but it sure is annoying as fuck, not to mention bad for business.
He arrived at the college, saw a light on in a window, and went into the building opposite for the perfect viewpoint to watch from.
"No," he said, slouching further against the brick wall, head thrown back. "There's nothing they can do for me there."
the monarch butterfly, one of the most iconic species in the world and decidedly not native to England. Possibly the most significant feature of this entire scene. No. Definitely the most significant feature.
"Yeah, uh. He had brown eyes. No, blue, definitely blue. Um, he was a sort of hipster type, wore this big thick scarf and a plaid shirt. A reporter, you know reporters," Anderson said. "Some freak who'd break into a crime scene just to get the latest story."
People weren't panicking. The newspapers hadn't nicknamed the killer, and Sherlock had been very sternly forbidden from offering them suggestions a long time ago. This type of killer, though, this egotistical vigilante, the exhibitionist who left a signature, he wouldn't quit until the whole city spoke of him. He wanted to be feared, loved, adored. Praised and vindicated, a whispered-about horror story for those who 'weren't doing right,' in his eyes.
The person to be arriving back in the carriage was none other than Crown Prince Mycroft, aged fifteen, returning from his solo tour of the countryside that would be his one day. He had been sent off by his father to spend a year travelling Nyrity, familiarizing himself with its cities and noble courts-- even its smaller farming towns had not escaped notice.
John went to war out of a need for money and because he thought it was the right thing to do at the time. The killer went to war out of bloodlust and a thirst for power. If he did, in fact, go to war.
"I care not about that," she said. "You have saved our lives. Were it not for your brave actions, myself and my family would have been trampled, our dear son Mycroft scarred by trauma. The crown of Nyrity owes you its life."
Sherlock turned around, seemingly oblivious to the nine different levels of wrong that that sentence was. "Well, not fully, I mean. I am half-human."
The other detective folded her arms. “Magnussen didn’t have any board to answer to. He had no successor named, there is no clear candidate to take over his position. He had full ownership of his company. No shareholders. Absolutely no one benefits from his death. Not even rival companies! This doesn’t take down his franchise at all, it just means someone else will head it up. There’s no motive, Holmes. None.”
"Maybe he's just beating his family," Anderson said. "You said he'd have one, right? All the traditional values and whatnot? Maybe
"Sherlock, please. It won't interrupt your work at all. I'm not asking you to stop what you're doing, just... pick up a sunflower seed every now and then."
By now, other servants had noticed the commotion, and stablehands poured out onto the grounds, dealing with the two tangled, panicking horses, rounding up the two runaways, trying desperately to calm the rest of the ruffled caravan.
It's going to act up when it rains and give him a limp and generally be a bloody nuisance, but that's pretty much fair penance for being so stupid as to shoot yourself in the foot, god damn.
"Hey John, tell that absolute wanker you live with to answer his bloody phone now and then, yeah?" Greg said, pissed. It was pretty much his standard greeting for John. "There's been another murder."
It was a novel idea, introducing a future sovereign to his people. Usually, a crown prince or princess stayed at their family seat until they came of age, and knew only what their books said of their kingdom, and met only the nobles high and lofty enough to be invited to the royal court on occasion. Queen Violet's decision to send her son out to see all his lands and meet all his people and learn the realities of their lives, as it were, was met with scorn and scandalization by the more traditional nobles. There were wild rumors flying about-- that the crown prince would be killed, robbed, returned half-dead and never the same, that the common man would melt his brain with their barbarism and sinful magical practices, that he would come back as a feral half-wolf, as God only knew what horrors lurked in the countryside.
Strong morals, said the diagram. Military (past? quasi?) career. Vigilante, took the law into his own hands.
John washes the product and dye out of his hair. Removes his colored contacts, his favorite pair-- brown is so generic. Shaves off the week's worth of growth on his face, immaculately groomed and darkened with brown mascara. He owns a surprising amount of makeup products, actually, and he gets weird looks when he goes shopping for them, but the fuck does he care about it?
"It is the wish of every queen to have subjects as brave and loyal as you are," she said. "You are a rare gem, er... What is your name?"
He heads out three hours later with just a small handgun tucked into his waistband, his jacket covering it neatly. He takes a nondescript cab to Baker Street and makes quick work of breaking in.
"Of course," he said. "The victim was quite clearly a prostitute. Now, that may be significant, or it may just be convenient. Prostitutes-- very high-risk. It would be all too easy to approach as a potential client and then jump her in some back alley somewhere. The killing was vicious and rapid. There was needless overkill and brutality. Clear signs of hate. It may be a general hate towards prostitutes in general, or it may be more specific, maybe the killer knew the victim personally. The fact that he's a potential serial makes the second option a bit less likely, but it does not rule it out entirely.
"Hyper-masculinity often doesn't," he said. "So. You're looking for a woman of great means and great pride, petty, and with a secret."
"Right," John said, standing up. "Right, I'm calling your mum. And Mycroft. And I'm giving you all physicals and I'm going to create my own bloody baseline."
He ducked into an alleyway just in time to see the madman accost the vehicle and start screaming at its passenger. John's blood was positively thrumming through his veins, fuck. This was
Sherlock. I wouldn't have recognized you at all. I only would have seen a stranger and a threat. You have to take this seriously."
"Okay. First of all, the threat of mind control is in no way reassuring. Second of all, I get the feeling that that's the same thing you tried to do when I found the leaking gallbladder next to the carrots, and it didn't work at all. 'Soothing vibes' aren't going to magic away my PTSD."
A passing forensic tech eyes John strangely. He hefts his briefcase on to the counter. At least assembling the gun will make him look busy. It'll be in plain view of the detectives, but without the scope, he could easily pass it off as a portable microscope.
Sherlock glared at him sharply. "What you are suggesting is kae'at k'lasa. Mind-rape. It is the most severe crime on Vulcan. I would never do that to
"You've been following me," Sherlock said. "Probably for a while now, but I just noticed today. You showed up at Magnussen's house, pretending to be a reporter pretending to be a forensic tech. You assembled a miniature sniper rifle in a room packed with cops and then shot yourself in the leg with it. You think I don't recognize a gun when I see one?"
"Your two points are contradictory," Sherlock said. "Your first argument is that it's an unfair tactic due to it giving me too much control over you. Your second argument is that it's a completely ineffectual tactic and essentially useless."
”Don’t lie to me, John, you’re terrible at it and it’s just embarrassing," he said. His eyes scanned over his friend, searching, nearly searing. The temptation to remove the mental block was almost unbearable. "You-- Ah. It's more than that. You think you fit the profile of the killer. You think I see him in you."
Sherlock's next deductions came out in a single breath, rapid-fire. "The woman was old money, high society. Overconfident and thought herself invulnerable. She lashed out when that idea was threatened. Someone with a more tenuous hold on that position would have been cowed. She would have used her own money to pay for the hit; she's independently wealthy. Independently wealthy, old money-- either she has quite a hefty trust fund or she's already come into her inheritance. Based on the scale needed for this, I favor the latter. If it is the former, however, then given that most trust funds have such stipulations that one must be over 25, or 30, or married, you can assume that she isn't overly young. The other theory supports this as well-- the older you are, the more likely your parents are dead. And a woman like this doesn't sit on a threat. No, she had her meeting with Magnussen, waited a few days, a week at the most, and then got things in order in a matter of hours. Search Magnussen's appointment book. He had a meeting with someone who fits that profile exactly no less than eight days before he was murdered."
He... also needs to observe him on a case. Professionally. Of course, obviously, John knows he can't possibly live up to the hype. No one could. But he should come up with his own gauge of the man's capabilities. For the hit.
John sucked in a breath and bit down on his lip, hard. The entire room was staring at him. "Sorry," he said, Northern accent. "Sorry, I, uh, dropped something. Spare equipment back out in the truck; I'll just pop on out and get it."
Sherlock went home and John camped out in the flat across the street from him. He was only ever there for watching-Sherlock purposes, but fuck, he could afford it.
John nodded, no hesitation. So serious and so trusting; Sherlock was nearly breathless with it. He swallowed and raised his hand to John's meld points, and the human closed his eyes.
The professor's study was just about as expected: not his real study. No maps anywhere, no papers on the desk, not even a cup of pens. An obvious false front without even an attempt at fooling anyone.
John caught him by the arm and pulled him backwards, spinning him around to give himself a tight grip on his waist. He marched Sherlock back to the bed and threw him down on it, cocked his gun and aimed.
In the end, it was Mycroft's fault, just as everything bad that had ever happened in Sherlock's entire life was.
Sherlock snorted, again, grinning. "Yes, well, enough about my life as a tragic gay Victorian. Chop chop, John. Someone needs to make suhur, and it certainly won't be me."
"No, Sherlock, no I haven't," he said. "You just don't wanna see it, but look at the facts. The killer is a white man over twenty-five, military history, traditional--"
Apparently, T'Va'kau had arrived on Earth in her Vulcan robes and traditional headscarf and been mistaken for a somewhat eccentric hijabi by just about everyone. After about a week of extreme confusion, she approached several
He would be lying if he claimed never to have dreamt of what it would be like to meld with John for pleasure. Not to accomplish anything, not for any specific end, but simply because they were married and it was a pleasurable thing to do with each other. He had told himself (repeatedly, very firmly) that it would likely be nothing exceptional, quite possibly dull, and furthermore, it was unlikely to ever happen. John valued his privacy too much. He wouldn't want strange aliens poking around in his mind.
And just then that genius man locked eyes with him and John's heart sped up. He fumbled blindly with the gun, and--
"Vulcans typically only go by their given name. Usually even our clan names-- what you would think of as a surname-- are superfluous," he said. "Oh, and Mycroft's real name is Sycropt."
An infinity later, Sherlock pulled his hand away and they were both breathless and gasping, staring at each other like they had never seen the other before.
Sherlock stopped zoning out in what looked like a prayer pose on the couch at random times during the day. Instead, he zoned out in the lotus position on a woven mat, at the same time every day, or for the occasional top-up as needed, and explained that he was meditating, and it was fairly essential for Vulcan health.
Sherlock mentally corrected. Not that he'd dare help them catch this man. Not that it would matter how accurately he was described at all. If he was as good as Sherlock suspected he was, then a disguise could be as easily shed or donned as a set of clothes.
"No, not at all." John grinned. "Completely wrong, actually. I had no bloody clue who that cabbie was. I just don't go around killing people unless I have a reason to."
"Exhibitionist, remember? Look how much thought was put into the display of the body. This isn't a dump site, it's an art showing. And the artist would never dream of missing it," he said. "The discovery of the crime is as thrilling to him as the act itself, if not the main goal."
He quickly hid a number of things. Not a block, really, just... putting certain aspects of himself out of view. For the best.
That’s the thing about holiday hits: no one even looks for you if you time it right. An important businessman can leave his office on December 23, not be heard of for weeks after, and no one’ll suspect a thing until his posh country neighbors report a strange smell.
It only took three hours of asking key questions to key people to discover that the victim had been Ashley Tillman, 24, single mother of a six-year-old boy, living in a run-down flat and trying to kick her opioid habit, with stilted success.
Didn't particularly matter. John was here for a single-gig job interview; he didn't need to know about all of the professor's ongoing projects.
"Yes you bloody are." John flopped backwards, but his heart was still beating like a hummingbird's wings. "Sherlock, I know you have some weird aversion to both common sense and self-preservation, but come on. I have PTSD. You know this. If you had triggered an actual episode, I could have shot you. I like
"Irrelevant. I am half-human. Both human and Vulcan standards are completely useless. My biology is completely unprecedented."
"Actually, I went down to the local mosque, I spoke with an imam, and he said-- very clearly-- that it was perfectly okay to--"
Sherlock breathed harshly on top of him, every muscle rigid. John’s blood was a rush of pure adrenaline in his veins.
John idled his Jeep about fifteen feet back from the gates. There were four guards currently on duty, all toting semi-automatics, but he had no doubt that was their only weapon. One approached his vehicle, the others hanging back.
Now technically, mind you, John had not actually shot himself in the foot. He had shot himself in the lower leg, just above the ankle. His shin, really. He shot himself in the shin.
"I am half-human," he repeated. "In addition, many humanoid species throughout the Milky Way have common ancestors from millennia and millennia ago thanks to some dubiously ethical meddling from a species known only as the Preservers."
And now, the three youngest stablehands were standing around waiting at the palace gates, while the adults and older kids got on with their real work.
"Fuck off," Sherlock said, flopping down onto the sofa, injured arm extended outwards. "It was unavoidable."
John nodded. "Alright. You don't have to answer me right now, just think about it, alright?" He smiled. "I don't mind. Seriously."
The bed underneath bounced with an unexpected weight. John jolted upright, instantly alert, fumbling for his gun in his nightstand.
The man was a menace. He was an out-and-out genius, and John felt a pang of regret at the idea of being the one to rid the world of his beautiful mind. Seemed a shame. A waste, really.
"You'll have to answer some questions first. Who are you and why are you here? Do you work for my brother?"
"Can't you do your own work?" he said. "Even if he did know her, the connection will be extremely tenuous at best. You won't find any real suspects that way. He'll be protecting himself, playing it smart. Killers like this don't like to be taken out of the game."
The world tilted and he found himself on his back, wrists pinned to the bed, his gun clattering somewhere in the distance.
”Donovan, once again, you are being purposely ignorant purely for the sake of argument. Surely you can’t possibly be this stupid.”
"You're going to do this every day, aren't you? 29 days left of Ramadan, and I'm going to have to get up at five in the morning for every one of them. Bloody hell."
John sidled up to him out of nowhere and slid a packet of sunflower seeds towards him. Sherlock flicked it away.
John tried to keep a good 25 miles at least between him and his sister, nowadays. No one touched her. Even if someone did find out John's identity, they likely still wouldn't target her. After all, everyone knew that they were estranged.
Sherlock rubbed at his temples. "We aren't supposed to speak of this with outworlders," he said. "It is our species greatest secret. But, then, I suppose it doesn't matter if you know, does it?"
"No, I'm not. I'm bisexual." His face slowly morphed into a gleeful grin. "Oh my God! You didn't know?"
"Not at the moment," Sycropt said. He removed his suit jacket and undid a sleeve, rolling it up. "I do believe my dear brother requires a blood transfusion. I, unfortunately, am one of only two people on the planet who can give it to him."
There was nothing-- objectively speaking-- extraordinary about it. John was intelligent for a human, but not a genius. He was quick and darkly funny and horribly sensible at times. There was a low-level thrum of energy that spoke of contentment and excitement. Sherlock saw the internal war between strong morals and responsibility versus a deep-seated desire for danger and trouble. He'd have bet anything that John lived a perfectly well-behaved life with ironclad control right up until he left his family home for university. Even then, becoming a medical doctor required a certain amount of discipline and good sense, and he'd immediately traded university life for the rigid structure of the military. Living with Sherlock was the most freely dangerous, chaotic, unpredictable thing John had ever done. He spoke to a lifelong need that had never been fulfilled, only teased in tastes and sips.
The other officers on the scene had essentially shrugged and moved on. Anderson came stumbling out of a side hallway not ten minutes later, holding his head and claiming assault.
The queen crushed him to her chest, cooing and saying nothings. The crown prince was talking simultaneously, much slower and calmer, and the littlest prince squawking loudly, flailing his arms about, and generally trying to get as much attention as possible.
Sherlock Holmes. Consulting detective, works cases with Scotland Yard occasionally as well as for private clients. Has stumbled onto something of the professor's at least three times that John knows of personally. Younger brother to the ever-formidable Mycroft Holmes. Runs an extremely pretentious website where he lies through his teeth about the extent of his abilities.
"Magnussen is a bottom feeder and a predator of the lowest sort. I've been dancing around him for a while now, waiting for a good enough reason to take him on. Eight different clients have come to me with claims that Magnussen was blackmailing them. It was always for dreadfully dull reasons that they deserved to be scammed for, though, so I refused all the cases."
The green blood that had been splashed all over a back alley somewhere never came up. John suspected Mycroft's minions had something to do with that. The suspect who had shot Sherlock got away and skipped town, before getting caught in Wales ten days later. John chewed Sherlock out for days about being an idiot and taking unnecessary risks.
He sighed. "Victim-- male, late teens to early twenties, carrying no ID but plenty of drugs. Stabbed about a dozen times. Think the one to his heart was what did him in. No blows to the neck this time, and it would have been a much slower death. Estimate time of death between eleven and three A.M."
She stood, her husband and eldest son following her lead. She held up her hand in the same strange salute that Sycropt had used yesterday. "Dif-tor heh smusma."
“No. Not good. She wanted them – desperately. But couldn’t – and it wasn’t important. That’s not why I married her.”
Professor McGonagall turned her gaze on the source of the noise. She didn’t look unduly concerned that the current Muggle-Magical Liaison was now a six-year-old child.
“Yes, there’s a problem!” Sherlock dropped heavily into his chair and stared at John as if John were solely responsible for whatever it was that had caused him to hurl his mobile at the sofa.
. These visits don’t occur in hotels, or at his parents’ home on his infrequent visits there. He’s never been popped in on while using the loo at Bart’s. They happen only at 221B. If Mrs. Hudson downstairs has unexplained visitors, she’s never said, though he’s never said either, aside from the first time it happened and he naturally assumed Mrs. Hudson had sent a client up, but she denied it emphatically and looked at him oddly.
And when Mrs. Hudson is gone, and Molly leaves with Rosie for a girls’ day shopping excursion after carrying everything up from downstairs and setting it up for John in the room he shares with Sherlock, Sherlock busies himself in the kitchen making tea because everything should have been right then, back to order, back to normal. Here they are – Sherlock and John – alone, together, in 221B, just like it had been. Just like it’s supposed to be.
John sat on the bed and nodded at the chair beside the small desk. Lestrade sat down, glancing around the room with guarded interest.
As John sat at the piano, slowly working through the simple scale, forcefully, while the sunlight through the coloured glass danced a kaleidoscope across the back of his hand, he knew what he
“If you haven’t already gathered, Sherlock won’t be moving back to London. We’ve deemed it safer, and certainly more prudent, to build a new team around him here.”
At times, John wanted to stand up and say “Hello! I’m right here! The chap you’re discussing like I’m lying over here in a coma.” Yet at other times, he was so engrossed in the thoughtful and measured way Molly considered Sherlock’s words, and the rapid-fire delivery of those words, that he forgot to be outraged on his own behalf. After all, these were his friends – his newest friends. His best friends.
“Surgeon,” he said. His voice lacked conviction. “It’s a skill that would help immeasurably now, at this point of the war. And afterward. The number of wounded who’ll need continued treatment after this is all over….”
Lunch at the Burrow was even more raucous and chaotic than John remembered, as the Weasleys had grown in number by a factor of three, with spouses and children and the occasional friend mixed in. The old house had risen to the challenge, expanding to allow extra space for napping babies and extra people at the table. When Molly rang the dinner bell, Mycroft trudged in with the rest of the Quidditch players, mud-covered and exhilarated, and sporting a black eye.
“Your exposure to a patient with brain trauma-induced epilepsy was not the first thing I noticed when I reviewed your profile. I was much more interested – as I know you’ve now determined – in your injury, and its consequences on your life and career. When I discovered that you had played the piano, I was even more interested.”
John rolled his eyes but did as Sherlock requested, then slipped the garment on as Sherlock had and did up the buttons.
“Aha! A question, at least. Yes – a preface statement. Such as “Since we’ve already done the preliminaries, and have been in each other’s company on two very different occasions, and since I obviously knew quite a bit about you already before you came here to Rosethorne, and have deduced that the piano had a meaningful place in your past, and could help lead you to a more amenable future, yes, let’s
“You could bring your violin here,” John suggested. “You could play it to calm yourself – to help organise your thoughts.”
“Bludgers. They don’t explode. Well – most of them don’t. Not unless they’re charmed to do so.” Severus spoke idly, eyes on the pitch, then visibly flinched as a figure on a broom dove toward the ground.
Sherlock’s face took on an intensity John found uncomfortable. It was almost the look of a cat who’d cornered the mouse. When he spoke, his voice was low, and calm, almost matter of fact.
“A small team,” Sherlock clarified. He spoke with his eyes fixed on Anderson, and he wrinkled his nose again as if smelling something unpleasant.
They’re not ghosts from the past, though. Their dress is quite modern, and definitely western, and if they utter a word, it’s usually in a language he understands. He’s learned to be a very quick study – rapid observation, immediate deductions.  Cab driver, delivery man, cellist, serial murderer – that one was quite a surprise. But all of them – one and all – surprised to find themselves in his flat. They always close the door and disappear, and when he opens the door himself, the expected room or corridor is always just outside it.
“I did all the work – he was flat on his back the entire time,” she continued, unapologetically. “And when it was over – it was over. I closed his eyes but the smile on his face was there already.”
“Because I left it on the dresser,” said Sherlock triumphantly. He shifted the child to his other hip. Little Hamish responded by removing his dummy and trying to stick it into Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock grabbed it and dropped it onto the vanity. “And you’re not supposed to call him Hammie either,” he scolded. “It’s on the list.”
John sighed and closed his eyes. Forearms resting on the arms of what was arguably the most comfortable chair in all of England, head positioned just perfectly against the firm yet softly rounded chair back, he considered Sherlock’s statement.
For two days, John spent nearly all of his free time walking the lawns and gardens of Rosethorne Manor, exploring the grounds and looking for the best place to bring Sherlock. He’d love to get into the locked garden, but simply couldn’t risk approaching Lestrade for the key. He’d walked as much of the perimeter of the stone wall surrounding the gardens as he could, and hadn’t found another gate, though the walls were often covered with robust ivy, with wild and overgrown bushes pushing up against the vines. Despite what Lestrade had managed to tame around the manor house, Rosethorne still suffered the effects of long neglect.
Sherlock swallowed the lump in his throat and nodded, and turned his head to burrow his face in the comforting, familiar smell of John Watson.
“Well, that would depend on your definition of emergency, I suppose,” Mrs. Hudson snipped. She was clearly frustrated, but John understood that she depended on her position at Rosethorne, and that position depended entirely on Mycroft Holmes.
John frowned, shaking his head. “You’ve spoken to his doctors – you must have. You’ve done your own research. You know the brain is complicated. You know recovery is slow and that many – no,
Sherlock fumbled with his left hand, resting it clumsily on Lestrade’s shoulder. “Why do you keep it locked? There’s no one here to….”
And Mycroft knew. Mycroft who spent the rest of the war behind a desk in London, who walked with a limp and used an umbrella as a cane, who never knew when Sherlock would pop up in his doorway, looking hale and hearty. It would take a great deal of time, but one day, Mycroft Holmes would appear at Rosethorne in bespoke suit and, finding Sherlock and John off on an adventure south of Penzance in the unlikely village of Mousehole, would wander out to the near garden to watch Greg Lestrade shape a boxwood into the tail of a porpoise. And when Sherlock and John returned three days later, they found him in the garden with sleeves pushed to his elbows, working quite diligently on what he said was an Irish Setter, but could very well have been a wooly mammoth instead.
“We were just finishing – thank you, Dr. Watson. I’ll have Simon pick up that letter in the morning. And I believe Monday was the sixth of the month?”
It was a physical step, an approach, but it was symbolic as well. For Charlie, who found a piece of himself he’d forgotten, a task that didn’t require sight in both eyes, or perfect balance, and would, throughout the rest of his long life, give him both privacy and purpose.
John remembered what Sherlock had revealed to him in the letter Lestrade had brought to him that night, and he knew that Sherlock, at least, understood John’s demons, though they never spoke of them. They stayed there - just past the edge of propriety - John’s anger. His seething need for revenge.
“Tunnel?” asked Molly, as she watched Sherlock and John argue. John had just had to explain the garden to her, and wasn’t looking forward to telling her that the mute gardener was really a brilliant, shell-shocked artist. She’d soon find that out for herself, he supposed.
He looks around the familiar flat that’s been his home for twenty years. He considers the seventeen stairs that lead down to the flat where Mrs. Hudson lived. He can hear her steps on the stairs, her call at the door. He can almost see her in the shadowy stillness of early morning, shoulder against the wood to press open the door, balancing a tea tray, as at home in 221B as John or Sherlock.
“With a partner?” He took the torch from John’s hand, managing to find it without fumbling in the dark, then placed his hand on John’s shoulder. John obligingly raised his own hand, sliding it from Sherlock’s back up along his side, and stopping to rest it on his side above his waist. He could feel the movement of Sherlock’s ribcage as he breathed.
“I’ve been advised to be ready when I’m called,” John acknowledged. “There’s not much I can tell them, unfortunately.”
“But no matter,” interrupted Sherlock, smiling at John as if John should know perfectly well what he was talking about. “It isn’t ready. I cannot deploy a solution that isn’t fundamentally stable.”
Holmes’ face tightened just enough for John to take notice. He was the type of man who didn’t betray emotions, undoubtedly an expert at maintaining a smooth, level exterior. Watchful. Calculating.
Lily’s eyes moved from her mother to her brother then back to her mother again. Rosie bit her bottom lip.
“Elmo,” suggested John, half-hoping that that moniker might replace what he considered his grandson’s most unfortunate name. It wasn’t a common wizarding name, it turned out, and the entire Potter-Weasley family had quickly latched onto it when it was first suggested.
“I thought it was an emergency,” he explained. He lifted his right hand to indicate his medical bag. “Annie told me to come at once and to bring my kit.”
“We’re going to jump out of an aeroplane wearing these?” asked John, fingering the sleeve as Sherlock fiddled with his mobile.  “How’s the harness going to fit around our legs?”
When he’d turned his back and walked away a minute ago, Sherlock had been studying the gate, standing several paces back with his hands in his trouser pockets, sizing it up.
He lowered himself carefully to the floor now as the seizure ebbed, as Sherlock, limbs nearly calm, made a low, incoherent sound.
He should be happy. Relieved. He knew quite a few field surgeons who’d have jumped at the chance to abandon their posts for a boring assignment like this one. He, however, would just as soon return to his former post.
They locked eyes again, and John realised then that he would never be able to stare down Mycroft Holmes. It wasn’t admitting defeat – he’d have to earn his victories in other arenas.
“Iraq,” answered Severus, quite smoothly. He put his fork down and regarded Sherlock. “Did you serve?”
They started over at the top, working through the piece again, and this time Sherlock hummed in accompaniment, and John’s left hand twitched, and he lifted it automatically as it longed to join the right, but forcefully dropped it back onto his lap
“We have a wedding to get through before we even think about children – magical or Muppets,” Rosie said, giving Sherlock a fond smile.
It was an actual step, the physical movement of the boy closer to John, close enough to help steady the board as he finished the cut and positioned the wood to sand it. Close enough to tentatively take the sanding block from him when it was offered. Close enough that John saw how his left hand caressed the wood, running down the edge to feel the roughness of the cut. How his posture changed as he leaned in, pressing the sanding block against the ragged edge, gaining confidence as he worked.
“What do you need, Sherlock?” He let his gaze move to John, and stared at him long enough for the others to take notice. “I’ve given you all you’ve asked for.”
Sherlock’s eyes are closed again, and the scarf is pulled up around his chin. He looks – unabashedly content. Peaceful. At home.
Nevertheless, he’d left the room and gone directly to Molly, who’d chastised him for waiting so long, but had dutifully removed the stingers, treated the wounds and bandaged his hand, then sent him to his room with an ice pack. He’d tried sleeping, but his mind was restless and he couldn’t settle down.
“Rosethorne has allowed for your convalescence,” he stated. “You look well, better even than before your accident. I imagine the doctor has had you under a special regimen?”
“The Met Citizen Award?” he exclaimed after the page loaded. “He glanced at the article then turned his attention back to Sherlock. “
Sherlock steps back and waits, silently, while John continues his slow, upward struggle. He offers John a hand when he reaches the top and steadies him when he is back on his feet.
Even orders to leave his uniforms behind and wear civilian clothing, despite how unusual the request. Two packed suitcases had been delivered to his quarters the night before.
“Right – over rooftops and down alleys,” John laughed. He didn’t point out that Sherlock was a flying disaster on a broom and after their stint on the pitch with Mycroft yesterday, the Ravencalws, who’d hung around to watch them, had laughed so hard at Sherlock’s expense that even John had felt a bit sorry for Sherlock.
Oddly, Sherlock hadn’t ever expressed an interest in it, in the mysterious locked garden where his grandmother had died. To be fair, he’d no cause to think it even existed anymore, locked or not. His grandmother had died more than fifty years ago, and the story might be nothing more than fairy tale to him.
Holmes cleared his throat. He put the remainder of his shortbread on his saucer then folded his hands across his stomach. “Miss Adler’s health is much improved. I see no reason for her to continue her stay here. I agreed to take her on here only as a favour. As her attending physician here, you’ll simply need to write a letter of release and she can return to – well, to wherever it is she was before coming here.”
Finally! I wrote my Fandom Trumps Hate auction story between the last chapter and this one, and finally was able to get back to this story. Just John and Sherlock this time, getting closer and closer to that truth that's making one of them very uncomfortable. Enjoy!
Sherlock suspected that his brother had been ebolagated. He’d refused to share information about the new downstairs neighbors when Sherlock had first requested it, and Sherlock at the time had assumed he knew something and refused to reveal it to him. But ever since, Mycroft hadn’t shown a sign of supercilious behavior. No hidden gloating. No fawning over Harry and Severus. No secret winks. Instead, he’d seemed a bit befuddled when he’d been in the presence of the wiz-fits, and once when he’d walked into the flat without knocking when Harry was demonstrating his invisibility cloak and the only part of him showing was his left hand, Mycroft had turned around, mumbling something about an important appointment he’d forgotten.
“I was shot in the left shoulder three months ago,” he explained. “I  injured my hand when I fell, but they missed the hand injury and didn’t catch it for several days. I have limited mobility and very little strength in it.”
He doubted he could even use it to fire a weapon, to handily dispense of a threat to his own life, or to someone he loved.
So when Sherlock meets him at the door grinning from ear to ear about the case Lestrade has just handed him – an eight, perhaps even a nine – and instructs him to get changed so they can get going, he puts his foot down.
“I’ve got a niece and a nephew on the team this year. I’m up from the reserve for a couple weeks on holiday and thought I’d come out and watch them play since I’ll have to go back to Romania before their first game.”
Clearly, there was a party, or a celebration of some sort, going on inside. Voices rose – male and female – and laughter, and an occasional chorus of “Hear hear!” accompanied by clicking glasses. After a long minute or two, John took Sherlock’s hand and urged him outside. John paused to open his umbrella – it had been raining for two days straight – but Sherlock forged ahead to the street, a cab materialized out of the mist and pulled over, and they settled themselves for the drive to Heathrow.
Is anyone else having a helluva time writing during the airing of new episodes of Sherlock? Incredibly  hard to keep these guys in character now, so please pardon any slips. I'll reread when my blood pressure goes back down and try to fix missteps. My plan was to publish new chapters after each new episode to offer something that you have reasonable confidence will end well. I'm so grateful I have a fellow fandom fan coming over next week to hold my hand during The Final Problem. Ugh.
John stepped forward, hands firmly in his pockets where his clenching fists would not give him away. He kept his gaze on Mycroft, not allowing himself to search the path behind him for a different figure, a different Holmes.
Sherlock closed his eyes. “It’s a long story, and I still haven’t worked out all the details, but you’re correct – Mycroft wasn’t the intended target. I was. But – John, it wasn’t even about the war, or the code. It was a case of raw vindictiveness. Before Lestrade found me, after I’d run away from home the second time and was living on the streets of London, I knew a man named Jim Moriarty. I used to do errands for him – deliveries.” He opened his eyes and looked at John, gauging his reaction, and seemed to assure himself that John understood. “He was a difficult man – brilliant, in his own way, and extremely possessive. He regarded me as one regards possessions, and when he lost me – when Lestrade stepped in – he didn’t forget.
The door to the loo pushes open and Sherlock emerges. He hardly pauses as he slips by John and heads down the corridor, but John hesitates. He watches Sherlock for a moment, then pulls open the door just enough to look inside.
“And while Miss Adler rejected your amorous advances, she ultimately accepted those of a much older and clearly infirm man, which, naturally, infuriated you. You went to her room after the household had gone to bed, drugged her and removed her to a secret location – your predilection for wandering about the estate and poking your head over hedges and through fences is not exactly a secret.”
Something inside John surged outward, but the disciplined soldier won control of his tongue before the reckless mere human could either acknowledge or contradict the statement.
not to interrupt them,” she protested. “Not to open that door or even knock on it unless I was summoned. I’ve got Annie working in that wing and keeping an eye out, but they’ve not even asked for tea yet.”
“To unmitigated bastards who think they know what’s best for me, and to utter cocks who force confessions from me when we’re staring death in the face.” He swallowed, and Sherlock started to pull his glass back but John shook his head. “To pompous asses who interrupt my proposal speech, and to preening peacocks in bespoke suits and shite flatmates who leave the milk out to spoil and users who only shoot up for cases and – no – don’t stop me. Not done quite yet.”
“He loves Mrs. Hudson because she adores him,” John corrected. “And I gave him his dummy thirty minutes ago. He was fussing but not quite awake and you were in the bathroom fussing with your hair.”
“I will be leaving shortly and may be gone as long as a month. I remain in contact with my key staff while I’m away and they will appraise me of any important developments.”
“You’re staring.” Sherlock crossed one leg over the other, exposing a bare and rather bony foot. He was dressed in day clothing instead of pajamas and dressing gown this time, making the bare feet seem overly casual and oddly out of place.
“Sixty years ago - perhaps as many as seventy-five,” he said. “The cottage isn’t as old as the manor house, but it’s very likely as old as this tree.” He spoke quickly, and John listened, captivated by the display of reasoning. “Child - living in a guest house, which seems on the surface less than permanent, but constructing a very permanent playhouse in the tree. Doing so with a father who had the means to procure teakwood from India for a child’s treehouse.”
“Never thought I’d see this day,” Charlie said as they settled down to watch Gryffindor practice. “I thought Holmes’ stint as Muggle Studies professor was over – what brings you here?”
He had the chance for another question before Sherlock had his turn, though, capturing a third pawn.
I really am going to have to write something serious after this one!  One more chapter after this to tie it all up.
“Statute of Secrecy,” Lee warned from his seat near the back of the plane. “Percy showed up at my flat yesterday to personally read the entire statute to me.” He rolled his eyes. “He was there for three hours.”
And while that worried John a bit, he didn’t plan to have Sherlock outdoors when Lestrade and old Ben might be about. Ben didn’t live at Rosethorne, didn’t take meals with the staff, and Lestrade was always present for dinner, and surely didn’t take up his gardening duties again after the evening meal. It would be safe enough to be out of doors during and after supper hours, once they had made it through the house and out into the garden.
He’d stopped by the gate, and was leaning against it, studying the swing, and the faint, worn paths that led to other gardens beyond this first, puzzling out a childhood for the Holmes brothers that was as unlike his own as humanly conceivable, when he heard footsteps approaching behind him.
“I think we should hold hands,” said Mycroft decisively, taking Sherlock’s hand in his right and John’s in his left and tugging them through the castle doors.
“Two flights of stairs, Dr. Watson.” Mrs. Hudson gamely marched ahead of him, stopping at the bottom of a wide stairway leading up into darkness. “We keep the lights down, of course.” She lowered her voice. “I know you can manage it – your leg isn’t really injured now, is it?”
His hand throbbed, the pain still biting. He tried to ignore it as he supported Sherlock, finally letting him roll onto his back as the seizure finally ended.
Molly kept her eyes fixed on Sherlock as she answered John, her voice measured. “He’s not upsetting me, John, though for some reason he’s certainly trying quite hard to do so.” She paused, narrowing her eyes as Sherlock turned away and looked out through a clear panel in the window, casually thrumming his fingertips against his thigh.
When he couldn’t dig out any more details of the mysterious Sev, Sherlock began interrogating John on the cause of the tumble.
“If you call going at it on Mycroft’s breakfast table while he was showering boring,” John answered with a roll of his eyes. “Or in that hot air balloon drifting over Yorkshire after the pilot…uh….bailed.”
He glanced at her, smiling vaguely. “He’s taking his time coming out of this one. But as it’s his third tonight, he’s bound to need quite a bit of recovery time.”
Harry laughed but John was absolutely sure the other man muttered “something like that” loud enough for John to hear and Harry elbowed him and smiled.
“Are removed from the others,” Holmes said neatly. “We’ve put you in the west wing – the staff sleep on the third floor of the east wing.” He paused. “Your psychiatrist has prescribed fresh air and long walks, Dr. Watson. You will find opportunities for both in abundance at the manor. Neither myself nor any of the residents or staff are here to be your minders – your recovery, so to speak, is completely up to you.”
John swallowed. His left hand, once weak and useless, fisted nearly as tight as his right. He sucked in a breath then let it out very slowly.
“If I hadn’t been in such pain, I’d have laughed at him,” Sherlock said. “I imagine he looked ridiculous atop those poor, maimed ewes.”
The manor house proved far too large for two men and a handful of associates. John looked up Charlie, and they brought him back to Rosethorne to restore the cottage. The manor house fell gradually back into its role as a long-term hotel for convalescents, with Molly and Mrs. Hudson at the helm, and John being particularly suited to helping redirect its residents to new purposes. And Greg stayed at Rosethorne as well – he wasn’t ever too far from Molly, as they married just after the war ended and in short order produced three children and acquired chickens, a milk cow and a dozen sheep, plus a border collie to keep track of them all.
“They’ll just wiz-flick us all together. No worries,” said Sherlock. He held up his mobile. “Smile, John.”
Sherlock chuckled. “I learned more from her directly than by spying. She liked to shock me – to beckon me over to sit beside her on the settee and tell me all sorts of gruesome stories about death, dismemberment and abject tragedy.”
In John’s months here at Rosethorne, he’d come to regard Lestrade as something of a social recluse, going about his business as quietly as possible, blending into the background with hunched shoulders and downcast eyes. John had thought him a broken man, a man with a traumatic story of his own, perhaps sent here to Rosethorne because he couldn’t be helped in London.  It was all too easy, given the fact that he didn’t speak and avoided social interactions, to regard him as a simpleton, a simple man given simple tasks and existing only in one’s peripheral vision.
Odd formalities out of the way, Sherlock and Molly had established an immediate rapport. She seemed to take in stride that Sherlock had chosen her, from among a portfolio of candidates presented to him by his brother, to come to Rosethorne in the guise of physical therapist for the convalescents. John, on the other hand, was beginning to feel like an ant under a magnifying lens, blown up to ridiculous proportions, studied with minute detail.
“Well,” he said. “All’s well that ends well.” He smoothed his hand over the seat of his trousers, then took a moment to cinch in his belt a notch as he looked over at Sherlock. “Best get back to your pudding, Sherlock. I’ll be on my way.”
A few more pleasantries and the conversation quietly dies away, and John pours the bottom of a bottle of wine into a fresh glass and picks up a few stray scraps of paper, then settles into his chair and turns on the television. He finds a Christmas concert of some sort, seasonal church hymns, a children’s choir, soft and sweet. He finishes the wine, then dozes in his chair until he wakes near midnight. The flat is quiet, Sherlock’s bedroom door still open.
“My brother and Miss Hooper have gone to have lunch and set up the work room,” Mycroft said. It obviously wasn’t difficult to read John’s expression. “They seem quite eager to get this project underway again.”
from there, or retrieve patterns from previous successes. It’s new effort each time around, which makes me essentially useless. And worse yet, I’ve discovered large caches of random data – the planets, for example, and their attendant moons – clearly misfiled, shoved back in a dusty corner like unwanted rubbish.”
He supposes he loved John before he had a word for the feeling, before he understood this sentiment that had crept its way into his heart. He couldn’t name this mysterious force that made him both light on his feet and stone cold terrified.
“You really are brilliant, you know,” he said. Their faces were dangerously close to each other, and Sherlock’s expression softened as he and John locked eyes.
him. He’d rearranged his entire life here at Rosethorne around the man. He put Sherlock Holmes’ needs before his own, frequently missing dinner to take him outside to the gardens, putting off his own therapy to find ways to force the man to stress his brain less and his body more so that he could figure out how to rebuild the venerated Mind Palace and go back to his job of winning the war for England.
“Mycroft’s bed, Molly’s bed, under an empty table at Molly’s wedding, the roof of 221B, Mrs. Hudson’s coat cupboard, the alley behind Angelo’s, in that tunnel connecting that old manor house with the caretaker’s cottage and on the beach during the eclipse.  There, ten.”
“We’ll eat here – we can’t invite him for dinner at his own flat. What about those children?” He looked around the flat, mentally cringing at the thought of three children in Sherlock Holmes’ home. It had been bad enough keeping Rosie relatively unscathed during her first decade of life.
“Every single person in this room has a vested interest in my brother’s ability to finish the project he had undertaken before he was injured. He’d made significant progress, and a breakthrough was imminent.”
In time, John dropped off into sleep himself, and didn’t awaken until someone shook his shoulder as the first rays of morning sunlight slanted across his face.
As much as it stung to hear those words from Mycroft Holmes, especially in front of his commanding officer and Anderson, John couldn’t help but recognise the truth in them. Sherlock said that he, not Mycroft, had chosen John for his position at Rosethorne, but Mycroft had obviously presented Sherlock a list of candidates. Someone had created that list. Someone had culled through the possibilities.
“There are, currently, four persons convalescing here at the manor. Three were injured in action and the fourth is a civilian. Their medical files are waiting for you in your rooms. You will be responsible for their daily medical needs and for overseeing their treatment. We have a resident aide –  Miss Molly Hooper – charged with their physical exercise regimes and spa therapy. You are free to direct her to alter the prescribed treatments as you see fit, based on the progress of each patient.”
“Why are you here?” he asked. Then, realising how that question likely sounded to her, added. “No – wait. What I mean is – why are you working here and not in London? Or with the army?”
Improbable name or not, the town, and the home itself, both existed. On the outside, the Burrow looked like it couldn’t possibly be a safe building to enter, with additions on higher floors not supported by anything obvious beneath them, and Mycroft had to be dragged inside, his feels planted in the earth in alarm. He promptly forgot his fears when they were practically bowled over by a dozen people – red headed adults, a tall turquoise-haired teen, and a few children, heading outside clutching a variety of magical flying brooms. One of them, who John recognized as George, the remaining twin, noticed Mycroft, sized him up, and tossed him a child-sized broom. Mycroft caught it with a grunt of surprise, looked at George wide-eyed, then looked at John and Sherlock sternly, daring them to tell him no. They didn’t, and he turned on his heel and followed the crowd outside, strutting along with an important air as if he’d been riding brooms and playing Quidditch for a year rather than a day.
