Soon, halfway down the mountain, he passed the old, broken down palisade, and after a few minutes of struggling in the snow, which was now nearing his knees, he eventually spotted a lone rider among the trees.
“Oh, yeah? Are you sure?” And getting a better hold of him, he then blew a raspberry against his neck, making Jack laugh even more.
And the moment he set eyes on him, Sam remembered the rest of his night. The part which had been hazy to him a moment ago. And it came back to him like a rushing wave.
As he paid attention to Dean’s reaction, he slowly moved his hand to his collarbone, stroking his fingers over it, only to finally rest his hand on his chest, feeling Dean’s fast heartbeat.
“Wrong. I know,” he whispered. “It wasn’t like…it wasn’t like before. At the hotel. I—that’s why I stopped. I just wasn’t sure if for you…or you just…”
“Mr. Winchester. So glad you could join us,” said the petite blond woman. She took a seat behind the desk that was facing them both. “We wondered for a while.”
He hadn’t slept a wink. His entire body ached. His soul was tired. The idea of never leaving his bed again was incredibly appealing to him. If he stayed there, then perhaps he would stop acting like an idiot and his problems would undoubtedly end, too.
They said quick goodbyes, Castiel took his picture, sent it to Gabriel, and after one last look in the mirror, sighing, he reluctantly made his way down the stairs.
Nevertheless, these discussions of leaving the ranch often left him with an aftertaste of homesickness, and Castiel caught himself daydreaming a few times about being back home on more than one occasion.
After a while, Dean stood up. Castiel immediately noticed that he wasn’t staggering anymore. They slowly walked back to the car and switched seats.
Despite this obstacle, Castiel was immensely impressed with Dean’s house. While some of the walls had been a bit crooked and nothing had perfectly fitted together, he had still managed to assemble a well-designed two-story house, with two chimneys, balcony and a porch.
The main one being that, to the best of his knowledge, Dean Winchester had no interest whatsoever in serious relationships.
And due to Castiel’s genuine nature and understanding, Dean was grateful of the man’s kindness, and promised himself to return the favour.
The second this happened, Dean and Castiel were ready to brainstorm strategies and go over every detail for the whole night.
When Dean had pushed in the third finger, to which he had let out a loud groan, Castiel clumsily walked towards the couch again.
“It certainly helps lower the body temperature, that’s for sure,” he said, putting on his top as well.
Options and ideas about his future that hadn’t occurred to him before began piling up quickly in his mind.
“Here you go, fellas,” said the waiter, carrying one apple pie, one milkshake and a double chocolate cake.
Actually, it was much more an agreement than anything else. They consented they’d help each other out to reach Augure and from there, based on whatever council Missouri would give them, they would decide their own route to take. Respectively.
Of course, this idea brought its own problem, mainly because, once back at home, he couldn’t avoid Dean.
With the Boy King now safely restrained, Sam decided to help Rowena get started on the spell. They wouldn’t be able to finish it until Dean and Castiel’s return, but based on what Rowena had explained about the spell, there was still a significant amount of preparations to be done before the most important part.
Nevertheless, as he had agreed to do so, he carefully read all of them to see if anything would stand out, and forwarded every antagonistic message (anonymous or not) to Jody.
“No,” said Dean, urgently. “I do. I do like it. It’s good. Thanks—thank you.” He stepped forward and reached for the beverage. “I was just not expecting that. That’s really nice of you. You didn’t have to do that.”
“Alright, buddy. Do you want me to hold this for you while you do that?” said his father, pointing at his kite, but Dean expressed that he wanted to keep it with him.
“Sam? What are you doing here?” Sam immediately hugged him. “It’s the middle of the night. I told you we would talk in the morning.”
They stood still awkwardly for a while. Castiel let Dean digest the whole thing. He was just glad Dean hadn’t stormed off.
Basically, after a quick reflection, Dean decided that this guy had nothing on Castiel and Bevell’s insinuation was almost insulting to him.
“Shhh. You listen. For good, this time,” said one of them. “The message is very clear: you go home. Wherever the fuck that is, as long as it’s not here. You got that? You—”
Castiel turned to Henry to apologize, but the man lifted his arm in protest. “Duty calls, I understand.” He put on his hat. “I’ll leave you be. I’m just so happy to have seen you.”
Not long afterwards, Rufus came back accompanied by Jody and one of her officers. They helped Castiel and Dean back on their feet.
Gabriel shook his head and said, “I don’t know. But given the massive amount of lengthy texts Naomi sent me, it doesn’t look good and I have to go. I never know with them. It could literally be them overreacting to the most insignificant thing ever, but I—I don’t know.” He put his coat on, but stopped abruptly. “Your clothes,” he said, remembering he was wearing Sam’s pajamas.
He stumbled out of bed, practically falling off, only to suddenly freeze, letting out a groan of frustration. He wasn’t exactly steady on his legs, and it was difficult to say which between his heart or his head was spinning the most.
Dean sighed on the other end of the line. “I guess. I’m just…I just—I don’t know why, but now I have the feeling like I’m only going to embarrass myself.”
He knew this was him, but he didn’t recognize this man. Even thinking back on his lowest points in life, he couldn’t place him. This wasn’t self-righteous, demon blood junkie Sam. This wasn’t even soulless Sam. While some of the details were often still fuzzy on the latter, he nonetheless knew there was a difference. The Boy King wasn’t pretending and he wasn’t impassive.
John nodded and helped himself to another cookie. Castiel could have sworn there was a smile at the corner of John’s mouth. “He’s sulking in his room, but that ought to do the trick,” was all that John said.
Until finally, at some point, after Dean had passed most of the evening so-not-subtly glancing at Castiel from across the room, he headed towards the balcony where he had last seen him.
And while Castiel was evidently planning on staying, he knew he would soon have to deal with other details of his life. Like his apartment. And his career.
Although Castiel kept his typical deadpan expression, for a brief instant, Dean had thought he had seen something in Castiel’s eyes.
“That bad, huh?” He crossed his arms on his chest. “What was the legal question you needed to ask Sam?”
“Why did you do this? Was it—were you like jealous or something? Like you guys went out last year and he didn’t—or—”
He had tasted the food, as he had said he would. He had said hello to a handful of people (mostly his co-workers), just as it had been expected of him. And he hadn’t set foot outside the premises once, thus fully exposing himself to the vociferous crowd for a good two hours.
“Bobby is helping me out. I’m solid during the day at the garage throughout the week, so I can have my nights and the weekends to do the rest.”
“And that’s why I thought of Saturday night. And honestly, Dean, she’s almost doing us a favor. With her appointment cancelled tomorrow, it will give us a chance to pick up the slack.”
“You, exactly. Not them.” He shut the journal and put it on the shelf. “You are the one who is here, Dean. Not them. Therefore, their criticism, should there be any, isn’t anything you should pay attention to.”
Just like the few days before, he conditioned himself to not glance at Donna’s house. He simply parked the car, stepped out of his vehicle and rushed to his front door as quickly and quietly as possible.
“Yes. Here.” He showed her the picture of Gabriel he had just received. Mischievously grinning, Gabriel was holding a mug next to his face that had “Dear Santa, I tried,” written on it.
He learned to stay, though. Because it was in those moments, when Micheal knew Castiel was at his very lowest, darkest place, so ready to release Dean just so he could feel himself fall to embers at Micheal’s snapping fingers and end this hell; those were the times when Micheal would let Dean peak through. A serrated edge, candle on top of the cake, last move to nail it all home, letting Dean’s actual, scraping, broken self break through in a gasping breath. A last ditch attempt ever on repeat to make Castiel give in to the temptation he’d felt every second since he’d said his ‘last’ goodbye.
Time passed. Sam found some semblance of happiness in the arms of a caring brunette and her shaggy dog, and eventually true happiness in the dark haired son bearing the name of the man who saved the world, the brother, uncle, lover, who made his very existence possible. Mary and Bobby found a comfortable sort of love, the type that you only find after you lose your soulmate, pure and good and necessary. Even Jack lived a long, happy life, traveling the world, spreading the Gospel Winchester, making people’s lives better for being in it. But one by one they aged into black and white caricatures living on only in Castiel’s memory, heaving their last, wrinkled breaths while Castiel held their hands in his own ever-young grasp. He thought he knew torture, but Castiel was so terribly wrong and sadly he finally knew what Dean had meant when he’d said sometimes it just hits different, ya know?
It wasn't the last time Dean came to him, and with time Micheal became more aware of how to work himself into the Dean Cas knew. So many battles where Castiel had to fight with himself, knowing that this wasn't his Dean, that it was Micheal toying with him and his so very sacrilegious heart. Civilizations rose and fell, burned into rubble with war and selfishness, recreated into a renaissance of pseudo-thriving glory only to crumble and rebuild time and time again, but for once without divine or demonic intervention. The three hundredth and thirty seventh time Dean came to him, in a decade where Impala’s flew in the sky and humans were fornicating with life in space, Castiel utterly broke.
Cas, with the real flecks of shit in it, not basic store brand crap. And maybe a nice cold beer while we’re at it, it’s pretty hot in here Cas, got swamp ass like a bitch, man. Castiel had laughed and wept through Dean asking how Sam, Mom, Jack were doing.
Castiel should have known that closing the damned chapter of Dean was impossible, like swearing to never reread your favorite novel knowing you damn well will, multiple times at that, until you can taste the very words. Dean was eternal within Cas’ heart, but woefully endless with Micheal at the reigns, trapped within a body within a cage within a savage world that would never allow Dean the peace he deserved. No, Dean was never ending and as time passed torturously, Castiel realized with horror that there were no new chapters, no fresh stanzas that would save Dean; he was stuck in a perpetual verse of persecution and there was absolutely nothing Castiel could ever do about it.
; and so his eyes stayed dry while he persevered through the loss of his very last brother and sister, the loss of the last of his kind. The lonely angel who gave it all up for...apparently nothing, and yet,
Desperate hands had trailed along his jaw, chest and hips, whispers of touch like he was revenant, like he was precious, as though he was worthy. And through the tears, the sweat and cum and passion, Castiel had been so sure that maybe here, this feeling was death and life all rolled into one bittersweet climax and that if he ended right here and now, maybe it had all been worth it all along. But as the thundering in his chest had eventually slowed, the euphoria and comfort of Dean finally being in his arms,
But Cas wouldn't, couldn’t leave Dean again, no, not this time or ever again, even if it wasn't always Dean. Not when these tiny, precious handful of moments were what it meant to still have
…And Castiel had roared, cried, brilliant and bright, uncharted power burning a one hundred mile radius around them in his anguish.
... Castiel realized that this, this was what it meant to fall, that the Empty would leave him here for a millenia, for all time, because Castiel’s happiness had choked and died the moment he’d closed that coffin and that there was no better torture than this...life.
. For Dean was all that was good, the phoenix of humanity constantly burning at both ends but forever ready to inflame himself for justice, for love, for family.
So of course it wasn't his world that went black first, but Dean’s. It had been a solemn, unfair affair, heartache as tangible as the burn of whiskey down his throat. Micheal was knocking too hard at the door, ding-donging his way into Dean’s mind with a ferocity Castiel could never understand, though he’d often and would forever wish he could. He’d take this plight from Dean without second thought, he’d give up every single new life he had ever been given if it had meant saving Dean from
Castiel’s epic attempt, the first lick of pen to paper of a tale writ in the stars. In rewriting Dean, gripping his soul and tenderly breathing it back into life and form, Castiel’s own story had morphed, changed, and with a stark record scratch a new tune started and danced him along to a melody of cosmic dissonance.
No, it was the viridescence of his eyes, the golden flecks of life, of hope, love. The smile on Dean’s lips at the final realization of a man deciding fuck, I
So Castiel reignited their story, once again pulling Dean from depths unknown, grasping him tight, expecting Michael's taunting curses as he rose. But when Cas had lifted the sea-slimed, coral encrusted box from the salty water it was of course Dean who came up bitching and sobbing and demanding, pleading. Cas never threw him back in the ocean; I ain't no Lochness Monster Cas, just a poor, actual monster, but shiiit no more drowning for fucks sake, Cas. Despite that, Castiel often toyed with the idea, only in those few moments of near normal conversation with Dean when Micheal would suddenly interrupt with an oh that's so sweet, Mom’s baloney special? Dean’s getting Alastair’s baloney special now,
It wasn't until it was too late that he realized every new start had been a serenade he was always humming, drawing him in ever closer towards Dean, breathing life and love into a mechanical heart that had once beat solely for God. But the drumming in his chest, the flush of blood under his veins was ignited, cruelly, finally, when they were forced to say goodbye, the final chapter, the for real dude this is it, please just let me-
It wasn't the heartbreaking hold on his very corporeal body, nor the whispers of heh, Adam and Eve, more like Adam and Steve, huh? Or the gasping God, Cas, is this real, please tell me this is real?
Dean came to him, a needy, desperate voice painting a picture of their last moment, of the way Dean had caressed him so gingerly, how he’d finally claimed the lips that had belonged to him since he was first ripped from hell. Dean spoke through teary breaths, remembering how it had been to feel him, to finally know what it was like to taste his every breath, to be inside him, to hold him, fuckin' finally. He talked about how sex had never felt like that, Cas, not even with Lisa, Cassie, it was more than that, it was always you Cas, just you, Cas, you,
Castiel was busy admiring the tree when he caught Dean examining a fake mistletoe ornament for a moment. He then hurriedly hid it in an old personalized Christmas stocking, before dropping it into the box.
“No. Yes—fuck, I have no idea. How could I? Cas, feelings and…attachment….romantic notions and—that—I know nothing about that. I always stayed away from it and it’s never been difficult to do so before. In fact, I always thought it was easy. But you…I tried to ignore it. I tried to downplay it. I tried to convince myself that this—
Dean had only seen Zachariah at the garage once before. His stay had been brief. Just long enough to exchange a few words with Gordon in private, despite the entourage Zachariah had brought with him. And that was it. He had left as quickly as he had arrived. He hadn’t spoken to, nor looked at anyone else, Dean included, and that had been over a year ago.
Finally meeting Sam’s eyes, he nodded at him. “I—I just don’t understand what happened. Who—who were they?”
It was, after all, specifically for that reason that neither of them was confronting the matter and they acted as if nothing was wrong.
After what seemed like an excruciatingly slow minute, during which Gabriel slid himself closer to Sam, he told him, “So, um, quick question...”
Castiel swallowed. He gave Dean a firm nod, and while his posture had remained intact, a hint of worry had been discernible in his eyes.
Castiel let out a small laugh. “From the top of the tree, I could see the horses running far away in the distance.” He bit on his lips. “My favourite part was here. When we came back at the end of the day and hid here. We climbed in the mini loft, upstairs, and from the top we looked at the storm raging. I remember it being really loud.”
Dean bit his lips and met her eyes. He shrugged. Still watching him, she flinched and said, “Boy! You thought he tried to murder you?”
Well, Dean was. Castiel didn’t give a flying fuck. In fact, given his last decade and his mellow attire these days, which honestly, I’m very proud of, if it was up to him, I’m positive he’d just walk around naked all the time.
He cleared his throat, stood up and quickly wished Castiel goodnight, after thanking him one last time for their evening.
And after a short hesitation, unable to stop himself and taking this as a sign from the universe, Dean leaned in slowly. Excruciatingly so. And just before his mouth met Castiel’s lips, he paused and watched Castiel carefully, expecting some form of protest.
With Dean at his side, Castiel stared down at the clerk, the same as the day before, demanding an explanation.
“Sam and I will go have a meal, and you two are welcome to join us after your discussion,” said Jessica. “I’ll go find Sam and we’ll take care of our registrations,” she said to Dean, nudging him in his ribs. “Nice to finally meet you, Castiel,” she added with a big smile, and then she dashed to the main desk.
Jack turned his head towards him, and even if he was still wearing the sunglasses, thus hiding most of his face, Castiel could tell his son was confused.
They discussed their schedules, hoping to find an evening in the coming week that would work for them both, but it became clear that their safest bet was, unfortunately, the following Saturday.
Although he was mildly disappointed at this newly acquired information, he also believed, after a brief reflection, that being aware of that fact immediately was, oddly enough, liberating to him.
And the more time he spent with him, silently or not, the more his feelings for Castiel intensified.
Throughout Saturday, Dean, catching up on boring house chores, like laundry, dishes, washing and vacuuming, spent most of his time glancing out the window in the hope of seeing that the rain had finally stopped outside.
Satisfied that their parents weren’t paying attention to them, Sam said in a low voice, “Look, I’m sorry, Dean. I—I get how this seems to you and I—I’ll explain some things later, but for now, please, listen to me. I promise you that nothing happened between Cas and me. Nothing. Cas wasn’t here last night. I didn’t even know what had happened yesterday until you said it to Mom and Dad. Cas himself didn’t say anything about it when we—Gabriel and I—spoke to him briefly last night.” Dean frowned and was about to ask questions, but before he could, Sam added, “We just spoke to him on the phone once we couldn’t find either of you, but he hung up pretty fast. And the coat—the only reason why Cas’ coat is here is because we found it on the bathroom floor when we went to look for him.”
“Peachy, Sammy.” He opened the door of the freezer and grabbed the reusable gel pack. With difficulty, he then tried to slide it under his shirt, so it would stay in place over his shoulder.
And that was precisely what occupied Dean’s mind, still, the following morning at breakfast time. His encounter with Castiel in his bedroom.
“Why didn’t he come after us if he knows where we are, then?” said Sam after pondering on what Gabriel had just told them. “And who is he?”
was the mistake. Not you.” Dean was then holding Castiel by the shoulders with both his hands, pulling him closer to him. “God, not you.”
While Castiel still didn’t know what to say, he had to admit that he was impressed Dean had put all this together. Even if the proposition was still absurd, his arguments were anything but weak.
“So, I, um, I really didn’t want to disturb you. I’m not expecting anything here. I know things are messy and complicated, and I’m—but being Christmas Eve, I know you won’t need to come back to the store anymore. And given everything, I suppose you might have a good excuse to avoid it all together and—” he took a deep breath. “But I hope that won’t be the case. Dean, I—I wanted to thank you. For this month. Knowing that you were there made me look forward to going to work.”
So, it was decided that since Dean didn’t wish to leave Baby behind, he was to drive back to Lebanon with a mild detour to Emporia first, while the others, with the aid of Rowena, were to teleport back to the bunker to get started on the spell and deal with the Boy King.
The following day was pretty much a repetition of the day before. They took it easy and kept themselves safe and warm inside the cabin as they observed the white storm raging outside.
Short of caving in and getting a rental, something he wasn’t inclined on doing—so much so that he had relied on a taxi from the airport—his only means of transportation was his bike. Which meant that he could only carry what would fit into his backpack for groceries and that he would most likely need to return to town multiple times a week.
Annoyed, but determined to not give up, Castiel picked up his phone, wanting to update Michael about his new obstacle, in the hope that an alternative would manifest itself as well.
Daphne or no Daphne, feelings or no feelings, the fact remained that Castiel was only renting Donna’s house. His days were numbered. In a few weeks, he would be gone.
Castiel had kept his promise after their first trip and had done research in the hope of helping Dean with his panic attacks.
And they rode off under the moonlight, while thick snowflakes were dancing around. Trying his best to not feel self-conscious about where his hands were, or the position they were in, Castiel focused his attention to the scenery, while still evidently holding on firmly to Dean in fear of falling.
Not that he had been able to see much of anything, given the dark color of Castiel’s underwear, but it was the principle of the thing.
this.” He tapped him on his chest. “This is more than just them being at the eleventh hour of some disaster and pulling a half-decent plan out of their asses. This is
“There’s just not much to tell. It’s a job. I go there. Do the work. And they pay me.” He repositioned himself on his seat. “Why do you ask?”
“You still have the rest of the evening to do so, and hopefully, you and Sam will have better luck than me.”
“Basically, the grandfather of my childhood friend left him his ranch, which is their family’s legacy, but can only inherit it if, and only if, he marries me and we stay married for six months,” he said, then swallowed the rest of his drink.
“Are you okay? Like, obviously, you’re probably—I…there is a lot of crazy shit roaming about here and I—I—” He stopped, evidently hesitating on what to say.
In silence, Dean and Castiel exited the classroom. Thinking he finally had a moment alone with his friend, Dean was not happy to see Sam waiting for them in the hallway.
“I can’t. I—Mrs. Tran called and asked if she could change her appointment for Caramel and Macchiato,” said Sam. “Since we are totally booked up until Christmas—”
Of course, none of this explained why they had ignored Samuel’s calls, and their grandfather didn’t lose the opportunity to point out that detail. Dean’s only response was that his phone had died and then showed him Sam’s broken phone.
Due to his lack of enthusiasm, however, his mother then suggested, “How about you stay here with the other children?”
“Cool. Looks like you lucked out. And, um…” Staring at her plate, she twisted her fork in her hands. “It’s just—Cas? Can I ask you a question? Not that I want to put you on the spot, but I’m just curious about something.”
The reason why he had remained with his back turned to Castiel was because, whatever excuses he was piling up in the back of his brain to resist him, he knew the moment he would freaking look at him, those excuses wouldn’t do shit anymore.
Dean lowered his eyes. “Yeah. I—I hate to say it, Cas, but I—if it was up to me, I’d tell you to just do exactly that—ignore it all—but I think we should be vigilant about that. I—I was talking to Jody and, um, she’d like to see anything you’ve received that is remotely hostile.”
The ranch was beautiful, no one could argue against that, but seeing the majestic Rocky Mountains unfold before them was an impressive view, to say the least.
“I’ve heard many stories concerning the audacities of Charles Novak,” said Miss Knight. “The almighty, they called him, once. I was under the impression that his children were rather tame compared to him, even if they still showed signs of his nature. I admit that
“It’s okay,” said Gabriel, adopting an earnest tone. “Don’t worry. I get it and I still enjoyed last night either way.”
Assessing his mild hesitation, after he had glanced apprehensively at the other children, she pointed out that he had nothing to worry about and that if he was shy, he could start by joining another of their neighbors. For example, near the fireplace, Mrs. Missouri, a kind and generous woman, was comfortably sitting in a rocking chair, telling a story to a few children who had gathered around her, listening with attention and with wide eyes.
So, that night, Dean left a little earlier than needed to get the car, claiming that he had to debut his training, and just like that, he had his valid excuse for his late nights.
back empty handed. It’s like they say, ‘When a door closes, a window opens.’” And unable to help himself, Dean added, “And in this case, what opened up was—”
“Once it’s in, you can do whatever you want. Ignore it. Kill it. It won’t reverse the spell,” said Patrick, understanding where Dean was going with this. “But it will be here because of you and it will seek you out.”
He popped some leftovers into the oven, took a quick shower, changed himself into cozy attire, and dropped on the couch with his warm meal ready to be devoured.
“You think you can walk in here without an invitation and tell me what to do? I don’t care who you think you are, this is my place, boy. I make the rules around here.”
“Cas?” whispered Dean. His hand found his and squeezed it gently. Castiel took a deep breath and gazed at Dean with a faint smile.
After Castiel had left the note for Dean on his doormat, he tried to be productive. He gathered all the ingredients and tools he needed to bake the pie. Once it was cooking in the oven, knowing it was probably useless given his state of mind, he nonetheless attempted to get some work done, meaning to distract himself.
Partially awake, he succeeded in starting the coffee machine, and just as he was about to reach for a cup, he heard knocking on his door.
The room had a pale, yet cheerful, yellow wallpaper, which brightened the place. The moment they stepped in, the aroma of the food reached their noses, and Castiel, seeing Dean’s massive grin on his face, knew it had been the right call.
“I’ve read somewhere that the creator of Coca-Cola had included wine in the original product and claimed that it was supposedly helpful to those with a low sexual libido.”
Once on Augure, they didn’t linger. They landed quickly, made sure to stay as low-key as possible, and then hurried to find Missouri.
“Just have a few concerns. And questions. Like how did you know how to find us? Not many people have this number.”
Dean’s face fell and he froze on the spot. “Wait,” he said, scanning every inch of Castiel’s face and then examining him as a whole. “You—you mean like—”
In fact, like planets exploding into dust, one by one every last angel eventually expired over time until one day Castiel realized he was the only angel left in all of existence, heaven be damned...and yet the human souls did not perish or hurl themselves onto earth as ghostly specters as they'd expected, somehow their eternal happiness remained unchanging and safe. And it made Castiel glad, so happy for those souls, but, why oh why was it never them, never Dean? He wanted to cry, but every last tear had been spent. With nothing left to give, he screamed to the heavens, true voice shattering the earth around him. This could not have truly been God’s plan all along, could it?
good burger, Cas, just take a bite dude, step one for angelic rebellion: beef. But instead of embracing the glory, instead of a delighted, grateful, Amen...Castiel rushed forward and punched the ever loving shit out of the Heavenly Fathers' ephemeral form. He screamed and clawed out of his physical body, heaving animal heads and various wings and multitudes of claws and teeth scraping, curling, crying against the Lord's glowing form. Castiel fell at his feet, so very, very tired of it all, of waiting for glory, of hoping, despairing at his last slender thread of faith.
Looking directly at him, Dean slowly repositioned himself, and leaned in his head a little closer so he could feel Castiel’s breath against his lips. And after a brief pause, eyes still locked on each other, he moved his hips against him, once more.
He knew Bobby would help him no matter what, but Dean thought it best to carefully weigh on his options first, and only suggest an alternative to Bobby when he felt confident enough about it.
Half panicking, half angry, he squeezed himself more briskly than needed, but managed to step away from the major cluster, and somehow found himself at one of the refreshments tables.
By the end of the third episode, they took a mini-break and Castiel offered to make coffee for the both of them. Since he was in the kitchen while the coffee was still brewing, he decided to grab a few snacks for them.
Castiel twisted himself, desperate to free himself of an assailant once more, but this time he wasn’t so lucky.
“I apologize for that last remark,” said Patrick. “I didn’t mean to make it sound so crass. I’m just trying to fully explain the situation, so there are no surprises. But I think I know a way to counter it. Tweaking the spell will bring another set of adjustments, as it always unfortunately does, but that won’t be too extreme.”
Used to live in the noisy city, Castiel found that the ranch was almost too quiet for him. No traffic. No honking or police sirens to be heard. No neighbors screaming at all hours of the night.
Castiel did not move a muscle. He held his breath and stared at Dean, convinced he had misheard him.
Suddenly panicking, he cleared his throat and added quickly, “Daphne, that’s—you know that’s not why I came here, right? I really—nothing happened, I—”
Trying to keep his composure and wishing to not ruin the moment, Dean weighed how to approach the situation.
“I used to do that when I was in high school. Record myself, I mean. I had access to the necessary equipment to do it. Still do. I—I rarely play these days. But I felt like it. When I shopped for your gift, it was like stepping back into old habits. Music has always been important to me. It once was the most important part of my life. I—with time, I had to distance myself from it though. But after shopping for this, I—I sat down at a keyboard and—” Castiel gestured at the record playing.
Beaming at him, Dean cheered. “You kept the best for last! Wow. That’s amazing, Garth. Congratulations.”
“After more than half an hour of waiting, with still no sign of Mr. Prince showing up any time soon, I was seriously considering leaving, even though I know what it would mean,” he said, shooting a glance at Uriel. “The importance of this meeting had been made very clear by Mr. Garrison himself.”
Aware that simply putting his phone away would in no way make his friends stop harassing him with questions, however, nor would it solve anything for him either, he resolved himself to answer truthfully.
Castiel turned his gaze on the dark lake and took a deep breath. “I think you might be right about that.”
Wondering who was Dean’s visitor at this hour, he observed Dean’s kitchen window with attention, and while it was considerably smaller than his, he was able to discern a shadow indicating that he was awake.
Following Mrs. Butters’ advice, Dean took time to reflect greatly on the matter at hand. Gifts. Feelings. Meanings.
“I haven’t told him. Because I was supposed to come here to—there was no reason why he should have known.”
Jack frowned. “I don’t think so. I don’t remember the name, but I don’t think that’s it. We don’t play very often, but I usually play solitaire with these.”
So, Castiel took a deep breath, dipped his feet in the water, and soon, let himself float, cooling off his body.
“Ugh, not this again,” said Dean. “Come on, your problem isn’t with us, it’s with your damn family. How about you start there, huh? Because this is so last week’s episode.”
“Okay,” he said earnestly. “I just—I really like you and I just want to have an idea of where you stand in all this.”
The first one being his connection to Chuck, and the second being his motivation behind this bizarre arrangement.
After all, Sam had lied. Dean wasn’t sure why he had done so, but he didn’t like for one second what the evidence suggested.
He glanced in Castiel’s direction, and under his serious stare, Castiel nodded at him. “All right. I promise I’ll ask next time.”
Debating if he should ask Sam to expand on that subject, Castiel remained silent when the bathroom door opened, announcing Dean’s return.
Gabriel lifted an eyebrow, but said, “All right, then. I’ll call you tomorrow. And stop feeling bad!”
He stood up and went to the kitchen. Dean remained seated on the couch, but his eyes followed him with curiosity.
“This won’t happen overnight, like I said. So, for now let’s leave it at that, and I’ll contact you for more details and a proper meeting where we will discuss salary, holidays and the likes.”
“Jack,” said Sam, as softly as he could, “even if it doesn’t seem to matter—or if it has nothing to do with this—you should always tell us if something is bothering you. I want to know you’re okay, we all want that.”
“What? No. I mean that would be very helpful, in a way, but it’s actually impossible to do so at the moment. Also, if he’s gone, then it just leaves the spot for another idiot to deal with. That’s pointless.”
Sam and Castiel’s late afternoon had been well spent and in good company. Sam had tried his best to cheer Castiel up once they had learned of Dean’s plan for the evening. Part of him was happy for his brother, but the other part of him was deeply irritated with Dean too. His brother’s actions somehow made him feel like they had both failed Castiel.
And when he noticed that Jack was pursing his lips, as he often did when he stumbled upon an unknown word, Castiel was about to offer some assistance again.
He wasn’t exactly sure when it had began, but since the summer, he had found himself thinking of Dean more often than he used to. He was genuinely glad to see him whenever he ran into him in town. He was more selective in his choice of clothes when he knew he would meet him later in the day. And he paid attention to every little detail Dean would tell him about himself and listened to him as though it was riveting information.
“No,” said Dean, chuckling. “That would be awesome. It’s on our way there. Okay—we’d have to do a slight detour, but yeah. Maybe we hit the festival first and then stop by the lake on our way back?”
But he hadn’t been imagining things. Castiel had really been there, sitting with his family, enjoying an ice cream, at the far other end of the benches.
Dean started chewing again. And huffing too. And was now determined to look straight in front of him.
“I think that since what happened with Lee throwing me for a loop like that… I kept replaying it in my head, you know? I always thought I had good instincts about people. But this was… It’s not very complicated. Either I totally misjudged who he was before or he drastically changed since the good old days. Either way, I only realized it when it was too late. But not knowing if I was just that gullible or if it was because he had just been that good at hiding it…after all that, it was like…”
And as they were sitting there at a pub in town, sharing burgers and laughing away, he could have seen this as a possibility down the line.
And then, before he knew what he was doing, he asked himself, deep down, “What would you regret more?”
“Work was nuts today,” added Sam. “We barely had time to breathe. But I noticed Cain stopped by. Does that have anything to do with this?”
Sighing, Samuel reached for Isaac’s cup and brought it to the counter. He took another one from the cupboard and signaled Dean to take a seat at the table as he poured him a cup of coffee. “Let’s talk.”
Once Castiel had regained his ability to breathe, he dropped on the couch. “How much did you hear?” he asked Dean.
“No, absolutely not,” sighed Castiel, shutting his book violently and pulling it away from Gabriel’s hands. “So what does this all mean?”
After waving his friends goodbye as they drove down the street, Castiel turned around to face his house with apprehension.
Dean took a deep breath. “I’m sorry,” he repeated. “What I did was horrible and I shouldn’t have done it.”
“So what I am to understand is that we must kickstart the healing process. We should hit a strip club right after our meal. Had I known, I would have dragged you there right away.”
And then, after Jack proceeded in introducing Dean to his pet snake named Felix, whom Dean tried his best to appear not wary of, they left his room and Jack pursued his tour. Next to Jack’s room was a guest room, used as a storage room, and next to it was a full bathroom.
The crowd’s applause died, and she said, “Good evening! Welcome. I know most of you are expecting my brother, but as always, he likes to do a dramatic entrance.” Laughs filled the room. “And as he has
But Dean had absolutely no problem with that settlement, and told Castiel he was very happy Castiel would be able to see a familiar face and that he was looking forward to finally meeting Hannah after all this time.
“Oh, I was freaking out, for sure. But then a few people I knew started to offer me jobs in Juneau. Like my friend Ash, who knew about a gig in construction and said it was practically a done deal if I wanted it. But after a quick conversation with Sam, he convinced me to not do that.”
to go to school without Sam, because it required him to arrive much earlier than Sam preferred or was strictly necessary.
With Castiel’s coat hidden under his own jacket, Dean stood on the Novak’s porch, facing Lucifer, who was making sure to block him entry.
And yet, despite the seriousness of the situation, another matter was weighing on Castiel’s mind even more during the same drive home.
Dean, who had not missed his incident, began howling with laughter, and Castiel had no choice but laugh at his own ridiculous state as well.
But he was truly relieved and comforted by the fact that Sam and Castiel would, at the very least, be present and support him.
It didn’t matter if the advice seeker had written a message of two sentences, or twenty times that, Castiel was generous with his answers. As though he had really taken the time to reflect on their questions, instead of answering with a quick response that anyone could have come up with to move on immediately to the next person.
Despite the darkness, with the lights from the porch Dean could discern Castiel standing up and stretching out his arms and legs. And then, to Dean’s surprise, Castiel took off his tank top and started undoing his shorts as he freed his feet from his flip flops.
“No. I’m not. I—maybe I was doing well at Stanford, but I still needed him. And he certainly needed me. And Cas…we needed him, too. Like I said, you—all three of you—you’re proof of that. We support each other. We’re able to keep each other in check. We bounce back because the other two are there.
“I used to love helping to do that before,” said Castiel. “Jim let us help him to feed and brush them. I know it’s been a while, and I obviously would leave the main stuff to the professionals who actually know what they are doing, but could I do it still? I would even like to learn more.”
Be it on a cold bitter morning outside, or in the evening in the living area, after pushing back some of the furniture, Castiel had taken up the habit of performing his old training routines.
After he was evidently satisfied with the fire, Castiel took a step back from the fireplace, as though to have a better look at it, and paused when he took account of the silver blade on the mantle.
But that was fine. As he had concluded, this man wasn’t Santa. He was just pretending. Like the one at the mall. Or the one near the video store.
Gabriel shot one last look at Chuck, and bracing for the worst, Sam and Dean held their breaths as they watched him snap his fingers once again.
“Please? It’s my birthday. Dean literally just gave me a speech on how you’re allowed to make unusual requests on your birthday. That and how you should really—how did you word it, Dean?
Castiel opened his mouth to speak and then shut it quickly, rethinking his answer. “In a way, I suppose. But not exactly. Sorry, it’s difficult to explain. But that’s how I knew. I did a painting for him, and honestly, it sounds silly given what it was, but of all the paintings I’ve done so far, it’s my favourite and it was the easiest one I’ve done. I know that doesn’t necessarily mean anything, but it just leaves me with the greatest feeling about it.”
Castiel locked eyes with him. This was first time since the night before that Dean sounded like his usual self.
“No. This was so embarrassing. And awkward. Thank God he was actually decent and that he didn’t make a big deal about it either.”
After a quick lunch, which consisted of a warm creamy chicken and mushroom soup with a few tasty honey butter rolls, Dean took a long nap in the bedroom, leaving Castiel the opportunity to relax and read in the living room for most of the afternoon, while sipping on a nice cup of tea. Since he had finished the only book he had brought along with him, Dean had assured him that he was more than welcome to help himself to any book from the living room bookshelf.
Approaching the table, Castiel gave him a suspicious look. “If it’s simply because it doesn’t interest you, then I will leave the matter to rest. But if it’s because you doubt yourself, I’d like you to try, please.”
Sam, on the other hand, had taken a greater hit than him and was lying on the floor by the wall with his eyes shut.
Sam nodded and let himself sink into his bed. As Dean was about to turn off the light, he paused when he noticed some of Sam's homework on the desk. He picked one of the sheets that had an "A" written on it. Dean turned to Sam with a wide smile on his face.
“Oh, I—I don’t exactly have a specific trade like you,” said Castiel. “I—I bounce from one thing to the next, I’m afraid. The main thing that I do right now is,” and then he paused, letting out a sigh. “I’m tutoring. Not anything excessive. I’m, um, actually looking for something else.”
Castiel was comfortable. He genuinely enjoyed Dean’s company, the stories and the laughs they shared together on that night. So much so that he nearly forgot the circumstances explaining his presence at Dean’s cabin.
Besides, Castiel had told Dean himself that this was ill-advised, and even if by some miracle they managed to escape the Garrisons’ grasp, Sam and Samuel would definitely not.
Castiel took a deep breath and jumped out of bed. The floor was freezing, so he grabbed the nearest pair of thick sleepers he could find, put them on hastily and wrapped himself with Dean’s dressing gown, which had been laid at the foot of the bed. He reached Dean’s side and sat the edge of the bed. Fixing the covers, making sure that Dean properly covered, he said, “I’ll go light the fire and I’ll make a quick breakfast. That might help you, okay?”
, he added, “And it’s not the first time. You did so just last week, and you are doing so right now.”
“No, it cannot. They’d have to do much more than just put them through cryo. And even then, I still can’t see how.”
It would be difficult to explain this one to Samuel even if it didn’t have anything to do with the Garrisons.
Although the film had been incredibly sad (tears had been shed), it had nonetheless managed to cheer him up. It was this odd feeling of having enjoyed something so much that it had left you feeling whole, even though you had endured some sorrow through it all, thought Sam.
No tears. No fight. And quite surprisingly to Castiel, not one mention of the Belphegor drama, either.
Dean felt his skin burning up and the quivers intensifying, and once he let out a faint whine, Castiel took a step back, letting go of him. He examined Dean under a feverish look.
Would he drive shady people around for the remainder of his days or would they demand more of him down the line?
Pondering on the missing letter, Castiel nodded absentmindedly. He lifted his eyes to meet Dean’s and was hit with a wave of fondness spreading through his chest as Dean was looking at him with pleading, yet compassionate and familiar, eyes.
So they continued wrapping presents (and practicing the stylish methods), while exchanging a few words when they could.
He made sure his expression didn’t change and said in an even tone, “Daphne isn’t here. She returned home yesterday.”
Dean had never thought he would see the day where he had gotten the chance to hang out with a bunch of girls all by himself. And here he was, living the dream, and all he wanted was to get out of this fucking house, running and screaming.
This is my fourth fanfic. I want to thank the mods of the Destiel Harlequin Challenge 2019 for organizing this. It was awesome and I had a lot of fun writing this one. You're all awesome.
And not that I would ever dare offend Mrs. Moseley, because that lady is amazing and kind of terrifying, but I need to severely hurry ass with this story so we are going to skip forward a little.
His eyes opened again and Dean, remaining still as best he could, looked Castiel straight in the eye.
He gave him a small kiss on his ass, and then slid himself to the floor, nudging Dean to follow him.
“But it doesn’t matter, because just before Lisa arrived, Cas, he…he stopped. And I’m—I’m sorry, Sammy.” Dean was now looking straight at him. “I’m so sorry.”
Sam observed him for a moment, slid his now empty container aside and leaned forward on his desk. “Dean, real talk here. Why are you stalling about this? Why have you stalled on this for this long?”
“Anael?” whispered Dean. And then his jaw dropped. “Wait, are you—is she another one? From the Host or whatever?”
“But he would have called or texted me then,” said Sam, lifting his phone. Mildly discouraged, he sat down at the edge of the cold sidewalk for a moment. Gabriel imitated him, and covered their legs with Castiel’s trench coat to help against the cold air.
He pressed on something on his wrist and the next thing they knew, Castiel and Dean were standing in a dungeon-like room and the man was sitting on a—okay, I’ll tell it how it was: the dude was sitting on a fricking throne. There.
It was on the other side of the balustrade, in the corner of some nook, where not that much activity was going on.
“It turns out that little bro is a mean drunk. He decided to take over and literally pushed me out of my own room.”
And Castiel pretty much figured what Missouri was getting at and it was his turn to be disappointed with her answer.
“I care because it’s making everything awkward now. I heard you talk about dream interpretation at the bar for years. And you actually seemed to make sense of them. So now, can you please help me out?”
So much so, that soon enough, Castiel was more focused on the water than on what he was actually doing, and with one mess up, his popsicle broke in half, and he somehow ended up soiling his chin, neck and his white shirt.
Apparently, Castiel had no problem whatsoever, as his hands had managed to remain under Dean’s shirt, somehow, and he was busying himself by caressing Dean’s back with soft fingertips along his spine. His mouth on Dean’s throat, he then pulled him closer still with digging fingernails, asking for more.
Also, I think it’s very important to mention that in the middle of his crisis, he also had a massive boner.
Castiel’s steadiness with his hands and overall confidence in his actions was both a surprise and pleasure to Dean. Not that he would have minded either way.
when he noticed the numerous empty tables still available, but resigned himself to keep to his original plan and head to
Dean turned around to face him and said, “I just—I can’t believe you accepted a proposal from a guy you’ve never even met.”
Finally freed of Becky, for the moment at least, Sam gave her an apologetic smile and turned to Gabriel. Following Dean’s lead, he said, “Yes, I—we wanted to pick your brain about a problem we are having.”
And as he attempted to ease his mind with this idea, Dean also reminded himself that while the first two weeks of December had been rough, he had honestly believed it hadn’t been as demanding as he initially had feared.
By the third time he had to find the page he had been on because the book had slipped from his hands after momentarily dozing off though, he concluded that his important conversation with Dean would have to wait until the next day.
And with this in mind, Castiel was now severely rethinking his confession. While he still didn’t know all the particulars, one thing was sure: from his point of view, Richie definitely possessed advantages over him. For one, he actually lived in town.
“I did! I did—I—look, I’m sorry!” He stepped forward, wanting to reach out to him, but stopped himself. He froze on his spot and let out a deep sigh. “I’m so, so fucking sorry for that day, okay? I fucked up. I panicked. They said that—that they would—” Dean shut his mouth, unable to finish his sentence.
In a desperate and foolish attempt to be unnoticed by Balthazar, Castiel remained hidden under his blankets and did not move a muscle.
“Heaven supporting the Apocalypse was—is—evidently wrong, as I said. I could see it and you were right to stand against it. But more than that, I—the defeated look on your face when you understood I wouldn’t help you…The betrayal…Disappointing you was probably the worst thing I ever had to witness so far.”
They visited the other major room on the main floor, which was very similar to the one where Henry’s memorial had been held, with the exception of the fireplace, which consisted of a shiny dark marble.
So, after a few protests, I shut them both up when I reminded them that we couldn’t do much strategizing until Crowley joined us anyway. As he had literally all the info.
“Awesome. That’s…awesome.” He paused briefly. Long enough to realize he was staring at him like an idiot. “So, Cas, um, since you’re visiting, can I ask—just out of curiosity—where do you live? Is it still close to Lawrence or…”
Alicia lowered her eyes. She took a deep breath and then leaned on the counter. “Look, I really want to help you out. But if you somehow can manage to take that shift, it would be really great for me. My last exam is on the twentieth and my entire schedule is built around my exams. But if I don’t work on the twenty-fourth, it means I could leave at the very latest that morning instead of six, and arrive at my mom’s at a decent hour.”
“I just told you,” he said, annoyed. “Somewhere on my own. Which is what I want. Good thing too ‘cause that’s all I’ll get.”
“Really? That makes more sense than what I heard. Hannah speculated that it was the work of Spengler and Zeddmore.”
He lifted his stunning eyes upwards, thinking, and then sat up. “Yes, what’s the deal with the handprint?”
“You can’t honestly say that after what you’ve seen me do,” he said, looking upset for the first time that night.
She assured them that their meal would be ready soon enough, and after a warm smile, she headed towards the main counter.
After finishing their game, Castiel and Dean decided to take a break and lounge on the other couch. Each seated at each extremity of the couch, Castiel occupying the right side and Dean the left one, they continued watching the show, while hearing Sam’s soft snores nearby.
Even though this was nothing more than the back entrance and not the area meant for their customers, he had to admit, the place had a classy vibe attached to it.
Grinning, Dean cut them a piece each and was really delighted that the dessert was as delicious as it had seemed.
So Dean carried on and worked in silence. He huffed and puffed in frustration a few times, too. He ate his dinner in silence. He did not hum to the music playing in the background. He only answered John’s questions with monosyllabic words, when he bothered answering at all.
Not going to lie, I enjoyed the few anxious agents when they handed us Sam back, the moment they caught sight of me.
Dean decided that he was just too exhausted of this weird-ass day and shouldn’t think too much on it, and continued working.
Gabe: Got my car, but since bringing it back home would be like a dead give away of our escape, I’ll park it somewhere else close for tonight.
And Castiel and Dean reaching for the each other’s hand on the back of the couch. And while they were fully focused on the screen, they both knew the other was smiling.
And just like that, after a final goodbye to them both, Sam stepped out the door, and Castiel found himself alone with Dean in their own apartment for the first time in a really long time.
Castiel bit his bottom lip. “It’s not just about the job too, you know. There’s a lot of other stuff that—”
His legs nearly giving out, Castiel eased his hand down Dean’s stomach and lowered himself to his knees.
And he couldn’t even recall having shared something that deeply with someone he had dated in the past.
After everything, no way he was sitting this one out. Especially not if he knew where they would be.
She sighed and they stayed quiet for a moment. “Dean,” she said, after a long consideration, “if I’m being honest, it wasn’t all on you.” Dean was about to object, but she lifted her hand to stop him and let her talk, which he did. “Look, what you did was a shitty thing. Even if we weren’t that serious yet, to me that was—but, like I said, this whole thing wasn’t just your bad. I did come on to you kinda strong literally right after I had broken up with—” she stopped, letting out a sigh of frustration.
As far as Dean remembered, Henry, his grandfather, had been the first one to tell him the Legend of the Mountain, which had later on been repeated by his father and various people of the village, among many other tales of the region. But the Legend of the Mountain, for a very obvious reason, was the most famous one in the village. Only his mother had preferred staying clear of that particular legend during bedtime. It was a known fact that the Campbell family had been amongst the first residents to have a family member honor the Oath. Moishe Campbell had been the second Hunter, and for some reason, his mother had always been bothered by that fact, whenever someone would mention it.
Dean then gripped Castiel’s waist, for a better hold, and began thrusting into Castiel’s hand, whispering his name.
Nevertheless, Castiel felt awful. None of this was his doing, and yet he felt like he should apologize to Dean for having snapped at him at the very least.
That was something he couldn’t fake. There was no way Dean could kiss him and make it seem like it wasn’t a big deal.
. And the next thing I knew, I was pouring my heart out. Not about me, but about you. I just—I was drunk, but I was honest. About how I felt about your work. And then, when they asked for my name to be able to leave a comment, in my drunken delusion, I panicked and I wrote the only one that came to my stupid mind: Michael Milton.”
“Speak to whom?” said a voice coming from inside the house. Naomi appeared in the doorway. The instant her eyes fell on Dean, she shooed away Lucifer, signaling him that she was handling this situation, thank you very much.
Unsure if he was waiting for a confirmation or an explanation, Dean said, “That’s true.” And he had to hold his tongue to not add anything else so as not to sound defensive.
“Cool.” And then, right before shooting a mischievous look at Dean, he added, “Well, since you’re here, would you like to join us?”
Hand on the door handle, Castiel said, “Good night, Dean. I hope you get to enjoy the rest of your evening with your brother.”
Their feet and their wrists were still bound, but at least they could sit properly on a nice cool floor and their aching heads weren’t strapped anymore.
A lump was swelling in Castiel’s throat. “Why didn’t you say anything?” Why don’t you ever say anything, thought Castiel.
Perhaps one of them had been completed earlier than planned and Dean had purposely kept it a secret.
He put on a pair of thick socks, snuggled himself into his dressing gown and went to check on Jack, yawning away.
This choice hadn’t been voiced by either of them specifically, but for the same reason why they avoided conversations about their marital status or plans for the summer, knowing how the other one felt, they left it at that for the moment.
Castiel was about to tell Dean he could keep his pants on, but Dean, without thinking, had already undid his pants and pushed them and his underwear on the ground, before Castiel had even time to utter one word.
“We are,” he said, beaming at him. “If we continue that way, like I remember, it will lead us back to the cabin. It will actually be faster that way.”
He did the same once he returned home that night, even when he noticed that Daphne’s car was gone and Castiel was quietly standing still on the porch.
“What happened last night?” said Dean, amused. “God, Sam, trust me, we are welcoming the distraction. We were looking forward to it even before that.”
In a state of utter denial at what had just happened, he was determined to believe that this was not the end.
Enough to scare him into walking away, vowing to be done with his mini teenage rebellion. He may have been reckless about some things, but he wasn’t stupid. And while Dean had certainly never bragged about his little stunts, some people knew.
Dean pursed his lips. “Sam, I just—I was just thinking…” Dean had begun saying, but then he decided against finishing his sentence.
“I may have said ‘advertisement.’ For obvious reasons, I assumed you knew what I was talking about.”
Even if this was the last thing he wanted to do, he even went back to the bathroom to get his jacket, but he couldn’t find it. No phone or keys, either.
Biting on his swollen lips, Sam tightened his grip on Gabriel’s waist, as he felt tingles on his lower back.
Having an out of body experience and not knowing what else to say, Castiel simply walked to the couch and sat down.
And unable to look Castiel straight in the eye for his next sentence, he stared at the pavement again and said, “It was just so unfair that he was here and you weren’t. So, I blamed him for it. And I shouldn’t have done that.”
He partially regretted sending his last text to Sam. He had meant it at the time, but by morning, he wondered if he should have slept on it instead.
The wind was screaming outside. And being so close to the crackling fire was anything but restful. It also made him sweat.
As Dean was undertaking his bedtime routine in the bathroom, Castiel was arranging the pull-out bed with pillows, sheets and a large number of blankets. He sat at the edge of his bed trying it out and found it relatively comfortable.
Unfortunately, they were then also informed that the reason why Missouri had not been home was because she had left Augure the day before.
“Okay,” said Dean, trying not to worry. “Oh, wait. Um, I have practice after school, but we can do something after?”
But neither of them spoke. They simply gazed in each other’s eyes, waiting to see if the other one would dare voice it. Would dare act on it, while being fully aware of the consequences.
They remained seated on the side of the road, breathing in the fresh air and taking in the view. Castiel felt Dean’s gaze a few times, and fearing that Dean would worry that he was getting impatient with him, Castiel stretched out his legs and leaned on his arms to sit more comfortably.
He then gripped Dean’s hips and brought him closer to him, which turned out to be a tad awkward to accomplish because Dean’s pants were still stuck at his ankles.
Whenever that would happen, he always reasoned that it was far less frustrating to simply get out of bed and try to do something productive rather than stare helplessly at the ceiling, waiting for sleep to come.
name really is Castiel Novak. I didn’t lie.” He paused a moment, as though he was weighing on adding something on the matter, but then continued to other points. “I do work at
Chuckling at him, Dean helped him fix his hood and his thick scarf that was practically strangling him.
The food not only spoiled far slower than usual, but it was also tastier than ever before, despite using the same recipe and ingredients.
Castiel chuckled. “We just have to put it in the fridge and keep it for later.” But as he started piling up the small boxes, Dean laid his hand flat on the box of cheese sticks and said, “If you want to put the other ones away, fine. But this one stays here. I need it. Emotionally.”
The truth is that Dean wasn’t angry when he woke up. Don’t worry. I’m still talking about Dean. Irritation is his second nature. He was still pissed for the rest of the day.
The day had felt long, and although Castiel had had all the intention in the world of hitting the gym after work, given the awful freezing rain outside, he decided to not bother on that night.
The fleet had succeeded in decimating most of Lucifer’s army. But many soldiers had managed to survive when they flew the coup, out of nowhere.
You are brilliant, smart, professional and capable. You’ve done extremely well for yourself, which I had no doubts you would.
Dr. Robert quickly explained that after a thorough examination, which included an x-ray, he concluded that Sam would be fine with a splint. No surgery was needed, but that they should come back for a follow-up in a few weeks, or earlier should Sam’s discomfort increase.
Dean gently put down his fork and crossed his arms over his chest as he observed Sam more attentively.
“Where have you been, Rowena?” he asked, almost in an accusatory tone. “Why is Ketch after you? How do you know him? What did
He was furious with himself for even considering the idea. He was terrified of what would happen to him if nothing came of it. And terrified if something
Castiel indulged his questions, for the most part anyway, but had opted to not dwell on the subject concerning his sleeping arrangement with Dean.
“I’m not meeting anyone. There’s a twenty-four hour gym not even two blocks from the bookstore, and a yoga center where I’ve been taking a class since the new year, actually.”
“No. I didn’t actually mean it. All they’ll do is focus on who is to blame instead of caring about him. They won’t go looking for him, they’ll just get wrapped up in their argument.”
Jessica was wearing a gorgeous silver flapper dress reminiscent of 1920s, Sam was dressed as a knight and Donna was wearing a sheriff uniform.
Meanwhile, still at his kitchen table, Dean was listening to Sam telling him what had happened on the day before.
“—in the Dean Cave,” said Dean, now understanding where the kid disappeared to in the evenings. “Good thing Mrs. B. fixed the TV.”
And right after he winked at Sam, he snapped his fingers, and he, Castiel, Sam, Dean—and even Baby—vanished, on their way to the demon named Crowley.
Dean observed him as if it was a trick question. Castiel reflected on the matter for an instant. He took his hand and asked him, quite seriously, “Do you regret our night at the hotel?”
Castiel let go of him for a moment. He continued stroking him slowly. “I’ll slow down a bit. And if—I’ll get you up again,” he added.
He stood behind the last customer in line, and a few minutes later, with no one behind him, he finally reached the counter again, facing Gabriel.
Flashes of their time together crept into his dreams. Leaving him even more emotionally drained at his awakening.
Castiel opened the door and slid out of the vehicle. He lowered himself to the front passenger window to tell him, “I hope you get to enjoy the rest of your weekend.”
Not long after their landing, Castiel had exchanged a short and polite goodbye with Dean. Just like when they had introduced themselves, Dean had lingered around, staring at Castiel for a long awkward minute, during which Castiel had been worried he would spit out vile words against Michael again.
Dean frowned. “Aren’t we already doing something tomorrow? I thought we agreed to go to the party when I called you last night?”
He had been expecting teasing, fleshed out plans of action and a massive interrogation waiting for him in the car, but nothing.
Dean felt the faint pull as he had before. And like before, he hurried towards the archway to see if Castiel had returned every chance he got.
Sam rolled his eyes. “It was fine, Dean. All I did was sit there and nothing else for a few hours. We had like three customers, tops, and I managed to read over a hundred pages of
Gabriel let out a few laughs and glimpsed once or twice in Sam’s direction. “I’ll keep that in mind.” There was a short pause. “And I’ll definitely try my best. It was a pleasure talking with you. I knew Cas had a good feeling about you.” He paused once more. “Of course he does.”
As the pleasant fall weather settled in and brought along with it the change of colors in the trees, the few weeks that followed went by quickly and without any additional incidents. Wishful of putting that frightful night behind him, Castiel kept himself incredibly busy on the ranch.
Still feeling sticky, however, he put the cloth away, took off his sunglasses and his soiled shirt, and said, “I think I’ll go for a quick swim. It will probably take care of the rest.”
Bloodshed in nearly every state. Some neighborhoods burnt, just like the one they had been fleeing from. Some places were only reporting a massive body count. And once again, considering they were leaving the details at “gruesome murders,” Dean could only imagine what it would mean.
Knowing Jo, however, he couldn’t help but smile at the thought of one person daring to share their opinion on the matter with her. Or worse, Ellen, her mother.
He nodded again and walked to the left to another pod. He opened it, and before the other cryo patient could wake up, he slit his throat. As the patient was bleeding out, lights on monitors were flashing, and attendants rushed in to help him out. And the young man stayed on his spot, unfazed. There had been absolutely zero hesitation in his actions.
Castiel smiled and fondled Dean’s hair just above his ear, causing him to shut his eyes at the touch.
And while Dean was truly happy for them and wished them nothing else but happiness together from the bottom of his heart, as was the rest of the crowd cheering for them, he also needed to skedaddle from the premises as fast as he could upon the announcement.
“My head feels like—” he tried to touch his temple again, but Castiel held his hand and kept his hold on him. “You got hit pretty bad. You’re bleeding.” Castiel swallowed hard. His throat hurt badly, but he couldn’t stay silent. “You might have a concussion. Relax.”
“All right. Do you want me to tell you what really happened at the hospital? What you really said to me?”
“I don’t want to hear it,” he firmly said and do I dare say, fucking stubbornly. “It’s way too late for that. Look, you kinda saved my bacon today, so fine. But don’t think I don’t know who and what you are. I remember very well. And you were still in that cryo pod for a reason.”
And Dean, smirking and his eyes glued on him, was waiting for his answer. Castiel shifted on his feet and shot a nervous look at the nurse.
When they finally broke the kiss, she said, smiling as she fixed Castiel’s shirt, “Thanks. That was worth it.” She turned to Dean. “Did you get it?”
“Um, in the will, Granddad, he—he—basically it was said that I would be able to fully inherit the ranch, and everything about it, if I was married to you.”
Castiel walked up to him quietly and snatched him up, holding him in his arms. Jack startled, let go of the present and giggled.
“Cas, this is Sam, my brother,” he said, gesturing at him, and then, making sure to avoid Sam’s eyes, he told his brother, “And, um, Sam, this is Cas. Castiel. He’s Donna’s tenant.”
Not understanding what on earth was wrong with him, Dean then took the initiative to park the car where he deemed safe, near a small empty field facing a gas station and what appeared to be fast food chain restaurants.
“Not automatically. It doesn’t have to do with her location but your emotions,” Patrick reminded them. “It’s crucial that you understand this.”
“All right,” he said, after he had reflected on the matter, “I’ll tell you who did this to me. Dean. He did it.”
But with time, just like the renters, he had eventually stopped. He doubted that it was because the novelty had worn off, though. It was most likely an issue of time, he had thought.
With his eyes locked on him, Castiel held him by his hips, pressed himself against him, and repeated his slow thrusts. Then added more sharpness into it, which made Dean gasp. “Yes.”
Not that Dean would have lost it on the spot, but he had been on a short fuse for the past couple of days. And that loud—read, obnoxious—ass snapping his fingers at them, openly commenting on the staff while they were standing right next to him, as if they couldn’t understand a word he was saying, and looking at them with an air of superiority, had just about been too much for Dean.
“What about you?” asked Castiel. His eyes had remained on the task at hand. But he had paused his actions, and his head had slightly turned to Dean, as if he had caught himself at the last moment.
Castiel sighed. Still avoiding Gabriel’s eyes, he said slowly, “I was in the bathroom upstairs. Cleaning my shirt. Dean showed up.”
As Lisa and her friend disappeared down the hallway, Dean then spotted his friend's iconic trench coat across the hall. He shoved the rest of his books in his locker, hoping he could catch him before the bell rang.
I know I've said this already, but THANK YOU for reading. For those of you who got to follow the story throughout December, thank you so much for your support. It really meant a lot. And that's an understatement.
“No, he’s living the life is what he’s doing,” said Dean, patting him on his neck. “And he even made a new friend.”
His eyes then fell on the multiple frames resting on Jack’s dresser and Dean, curious, stepped over to have a closer look.
“What? Since whe—what for?” asked Dean, stunned. Castiel had literally never done anything wrong in his life.
Customers had been waiting in line for the wrapping booth, and unfortunately, some grew impatient and demanding.
“And you’ve managed to do this without breaking your neck?” said Castiel, simultaneously astonished and exasperated at his brother’s recklessness.
“One,” said Dean, even before Crowley had finished his last sentence, “I don’t trust you for one second. I mean, why would I? I know of your methods. And don’t think I forgot your involvement in that mishap we had a few years back. Two, even if we believe you, what the hell could you possibly say that would matter to us?”
But Dean already had a lot on his plate. Like a lot, a lot. And he felt that this would only complicate things even more. So, in that moment, like an idiot, he concluded that he should perhaps omit certain details for the time being and focus on the task at hand instead.
“It’s really your old car? Oh, that’s why you were asking how I had gotten it. Wait—Dean, was it stolen from you?”
Dean was very much bitching about this for most of the journey, which is really unfortunate because he missed all the batting of pretty eyes and other things that Castiel was doing.
“Yeah. I’ll do your afternoon shift of the twenty-first like you want. For my shift on the night of the twenty-third.”
I have to hand it to Luce; he didn’t go for the most obvious one. I honestly would have guessed Infernum, because reasons.
“Yup. Um, Ellen, that’s the mom, she, well, neither of them know very much about ranching, but as you know, it’s possible to learn. But Ellen has good people skills. She used to run a bar before her and her husband lucked out on the money front years ago. And her daughter Jo gets along well with Donna, and she’s been shadowing Rufus since they got there. Granddad would have loved them.”
Given how informative Sam’s last letter had turned out to be, Dean believed that updating Sam on the last few weeks’ development was perhaps his best bet for them to ever find a solution to Castiel’s problem.
Castiel circulated through the room, saluting the other guests. Between hors d’oeuvres and chitchat, he glimpsed around in the hope of spotting Dean.
“That’s not what I said,” he spoke gently. “Certain details may change, but the main event, namely the Apocalypse, that stays. Maybe in some extreme circumstances it could have been avoided, but we are well past that now. The only thing left for me is to watch my siblings tear each other apart while knowing my father doesn’t care.”
They remained silent for a brief moment, until Sam, taking pity on his brother, shut his book and said, “How about we go into town? I was gonna go later this afternoon for a bit of groceries anyway. You can check out a few of the local shops on Main Street. Browsing might give you some ideas.”
Castiel rested his forehead against Dean. “Me as well.” He eased one hand over Dean’s shoulder, and up to his neck, slowly, as they both shut their eyes. Feeling Dean quiver under his touch, Castiel paused and leaned his head backwards, just enough so he could fully witness Dean’s expression at his touch.
“Well, I’m not entirely sure. As I don’t remember doing it. But earlier this week, Gabe mentioned to me that he often enters the house this way to remain undetected when our siblings are home. I guess I remembered that story when I got to the house.”
But not being as crafty as Castiel was, he felt the pressure of disappointing certain customers rising within him under their watchful stare.
“If that’s the case, then prove it. Tell me what you wanted with her. You went through the trouble of finding her and bringing her all the way to Lawrence. Why?”
now, I’m…miserable. It was partially flattering, and I know this was supposed to be liberating, and it was like that for about three seconds, until I realized that none of this changes anything about Cas. All this has done is remind me that the guy I like doesn’t see me like that and doesn’t—it’s depressing.”
Take note, however, that I have written him a letter, much like this one, to notify him. So, I hope you take the time to have at least one discussion with him, no matter what.
Some can still be present and part of your life. And while the choice is often made for you, as you know fair well, sometimes you can be lucky enough to change that. And it could be as simple as asking for it. But my dear boy, you just have to try.
And while Sam seemed to have meant every word, Castiel and Dean couldn’t help but feel somewhat defeated.
And, of course, the next thing he knew, he began imagining himself waking up to this. With Castiel snuggled up next to him. And with his hair—
Dean flinched. “What? No, Lisa. No, you didn’t do anything wrong. God. No, I’m the dirt bag here, not you.” He took a breath. “Look, honestly—and I really mean, honestly—when I heard you were single again, I was thrilled. Going out with you was—I couldn’t believe my luck. I told you that on Wednesday and I meant it. But, um,” he paused, clearing his throat, “something happened. And everything just got—I should have told you. I didn’t because I thought I was just freaking out and I—I guess I was afraid of what it really meant. And I was afraid of thinking I’d miss out on the chance to finally be with you. I knew I would have kicked myself if I—so I didn’t say anything. And now I ended up ruining everything anyway.”
“And I wanted to spend Christmas with you. I think Granddad would have been happy that we were here.”
Standing in the lobby of the Pineview Hotel, in Vermillion, Ohio, Sam and Dean Winchester were staring in horror at the crowd before them.
“Okay…okay, but—if that’s the case, how can you be sitting at my kitchen table right now? Does that mean you’re free? How are you like this,” he said, gesturing to him, “and not as gigantic as—and
Well aware that they had less than slim chances to get out of this place, they nevertheless didn’t linger and disappeared down the street as fast as they could, praying no one was paying attention to them.
And as soon as the pants fell to the ground, Dean began lowering himself. But he was surprisingly stopped by Castiel.
“Dean, I—I,” he started saying, but stopped. He was too angry. This was not what he had wanted. This hadn’t been the plan. Coming here and yelling at Dean or stirring up a fight was the last thing he wanted to do. But in that moment, he knew that everything that would come out of his mouth would be with rancor. All he could think of was that Dean had told him to leave and that he had stupidly came back to him.
Dean reached for his hand. “Cas, the reason why I hadn’t suggested any of this before—before we met and before Michael—was because I thought I was a dead end for you. I thought I would never be able to leave that place. That I would never live up to who you had hoped I was. And Michael….But I was wrong.” He paused a moment and then said, “I know I’m asking a lot after everything, but I’d really love a chance to make it up to you.”
As for Sam, Mary was usually the one driving him to school in the mornings. Dean had taken up the habit of running early in the neighborhood around the school (as it often gave him the opportunity to hit the gym as well) ever since he had begun playing football.
Castiel reflected on Dean’s comment. He turned his head to the side and watched him carefully. “Is that why you wanted to come here? You wanted to escape Henry’s absence at the ranch?”
Richie shook his head in contestation to Dean’s version, while they laughed heavily with each other.
As he was about to leave after locking the storage unit, he noticed something on the ground near the door.
“And during that same period we’d have to live under the same roof. We’d have to go on at least two holidays together.” While the notion of living under the same roof would bring its own set of problems, giving where they both lived, taking off on a holiday with Dean being set as a regulation, on the other hand, truly confused Castiel. “It can’t be an open marriage,” continued Dean. “And we would have to share a meal once a day. Stuff like that.” He studied Castiel awkwardly and then added, “Oh, and um, I—it—we would also have to, um, share a bed.”
He briefly and politely asked if he could speak with her about an urgent matter after her current appointment.
“You did,” Dean assured him as he let himself fall next to him. He then added, grinning, “In a traumatic way.”
Jack was snuggled up in his cozy bed, surrounded by plush animals, Whiskey lying at the foot of the bed, and Castiel and Dean seated next to him.
The next thing he knew, Dean was helping Castiel reach the archway. They stumbled a few times, but persisted.
Therefore, around mid-December, after Castiel had once again dreamed vividly of Dean and him having sex—this time in their bed, which had definitely added on to the realness—he called Balthazar.
Castiel frowned. “I know you’ve been drinking, Dean, but no. The last time we saw each other was when I left the ranch with my family on our last stay. Neither of us were even in high school at the time.”
“Oh, I believe He with the capital ‘h’ is still kicking. I never said he was dead, I said he was ‘gone.’ Difference. And we’d know if that was the case. He’s not dead. He just doesn’t care enough to do something about this.”
“It’s not simply that he declined, Gabe. It’s the way he said it…it was…I—I was sure—the day before it—and—I don’t get it. I’m a little confused.”
So very, eternally lost, especially on those dark nights where Micheal whispered into Castiel's ear through a metallic grave, taunting, teasing. It started with torture, of course, Micheal using Dean’s voice, his words and colloquial sayings barely edging onto the depth of what Dean was going through. Micheal would find glee in Castiel’s choked sobs as he narrated just what he was doing to Dean within his own mind, the way he was forcing him to murder Sam and his own imagined grand nephews and nieces a million different ways. Showing Dean Castiel’s deceit over and over like a horrible, staticy VHS on repeat. Micheal told him that Dean had now experienced his time in hell a thousand times over and then some, reliving every horrible regret and hateable moment with each sunrise and sunset, never ending. Sometimes, and Castiel abhorred himself for it, he would have to leave Dean, Micheal’s taunting so absolute and unbearable.
in heaven, but he couldn't utter that last bit, not at the euphoric cry that came from the box at the start of the answer.
He wept silent tears as they redressed each other, washing Dean in his funeral garb as though he was worshipping the very feet of God’s son. But unlike Jesus, as Dean caressed his face one last time, fingertips catching on stubble and tears, Cas knew Dean would not rise again.
It started with a waking groan and ended in a fiery moan, Dean grumbling about an eternity of blue balls not being his first draft for what he expected when he signed up for this shit show. And Cas had been so sure, as Dean had whispered in a silky, needy voice of how he wanted to feel Cas’ lips, tongue, cock, that it was actually Michael underneath, toying with him so piteously. But then Dean had let loose a sob, unbearable, and whispered I’m sorry, I miss you, Cas, god I miss you. And the next moan resembled the sound of thank you, thank you for staying, Cas. Castiel, I love you.
But all of his care had been given time and time again on the only thing that really mattered to him anymore, Dean, Dean,
. Then it was engulfed in ephemeral blues and violets and reds that painted themselves into cacophonies of light and dark and every instance in between. Seven days of light and seven days of darkness passed in a literal blink, days where the breath was forced back into Cas’ lungs and the plain earth glowed green again with decadence, with faith, and then, only then, did Castiel feel it. And it was good.
The second time Dean came back to him, eighty five years and twelve minutes, seven seconds later after the first time Micheal let him through, Castiel was as unprepared as he had been the first time.
. As the glow faded and the earth became the gleaming, fresh pearl it was meant to be, Castiel knew.
All he could do was hide the box away, not into the ocean as Dean wished, for that seemed far, far too cruel even now. But to a quiet, dry expanse of earth, still somehow untouched by the modern world. It was in that silence when the screams began.
“Hmm. It would help me if I knew which one otherwise that will get very confusing. We will be singing two different songs at the same time.”
“You can’t use Google as she asks you on the spot. And her questions are tough. I failed the last three. And you,” he said, picking his cup, “got the answer right.” He pointed at the little deathly hallow symbol which had been drawn at the bottom of the cup.
And when his fingertips reached a bit of exposed skin in between Dean’s pajama top and pants, Dean shuddered.
They put down their drinks by the window, fetched each other’s presents and took back their seats. Dean insisted on Castiel unwrapping his first.
And while Dean had claimed to have been exhausted, Castiel doubted very much that he had managed to fall into such a deep sleep, in the less-than-a-minute time it had taken him to reach his bed and Castiel to knock on his door, that he couldn’t hear him.
But just as he was turning at the intersection to reach the on ramp not far ahead, out of nowhere, a black SUV, coming from their right, cut them off.
“Fresh air is very cold,” whined Castiel, tightening his coat over his chest as he abruptly changed the subject.
Which was why he urgently sat down next to Bobby and Jo, who were near the main entrance of the hotel, away from the talkative crowd. They learned quickly that Becky, being true to her word, had given the Ghostfacers and the four hunters a detailed account of the situation, as much as she had been privy to, anyway.
They both turned their backs to each other. Dean pulled the covers to his chin, while Castiel fixed his pillow.
Gabriel turned his gaze to one of the numerous pairs of Sam and Dean, who were talking with a newly-trench-coat-wearing fan. Despite their age and height discrepancy, Gabriel had to admit that there was a certain likeness to the actual trio in their facial features. Even Castiel’s.
“I know what you're going to say, but Castiel, never mind that for now. When are you seeing him next? Is it at work?”
As Dean was tripping on his words, Castiel felt panic rising in his chest. His throat tightening. His hands were shaking.
Rediscovering the ranch and the people around him, who constantly stunned him by their increasingly eagerness to work with him, was a delight.
They crossed the floor, passing by the many occupied booth, tables, divans, and whatnot where people displayed no signs of shyness in whatever was happening. Castiel observed the room with attention, not so much on what the people were doing, but rather focused on other details like locating exit doors and how many security agents stood around the room.
You are evidently under no obligation to do so. But feel free to knock on my door for a chat or coffee any time you’d like.
“What? What are you talking about?” He could tell Gabriel was getting aggravated. He heard him tell someone on the phone, “You try, maybe he’ll listen to you.”
“I had no choice. I did what he asked,” said Dean, tearing up. “It drove me nuts, but I thought he would just tell you, and once that was done and he wouldn’t be able to hold it over my head anymore, I’d do everything to get you back. But—but that’s not what happened.”
Their surroundings weren’t properly lit, but by the lamppost light shining high above them, Dean could have sworn Castiel was smirking at him.
Lifting his head to look at Dean, Castiel crossed his arms over his chest and slid himself to the left to leave room for Dean to sit next to him.
With this failure—one of many—I fear that my one glimmer of hope was simply an illusion after all. That nothing had really changed and everything remained exactly as it always had been.
He did, however, have a say about who resided under his roof, and Dean had a feeling that, while he hadn’t been fond of him working for Gordon, the idea of Dean working directly for the Garrisons would impress Samuel even less. It would, in fact, definitely grant his grandfather a reason to kick him to the curb.
Finally looking at him, Sam said, sighing, “Dean, I’m sure Cas will be happy no matter what you give him.” When it was evident to Sam that Dean hadn’t liked his answer, he added, “You know that you don’t have to get him anything, right? It’s not an obligation.”
It led him to believe that Dean wasn’t keeping things casual because he wished to or even enjoyed it. On the contrary, the sorrow in his voice strongly suggested that he not only disliked limiting himself to brief encounters with strangers, but also, by keeping acting on it despite that fact, Dean seemed to believe that was only what he deserved. Almost as if he was punishing himself, and Castiel couldn’t understand why.
Castiel turned back to the table pensively, and took a deep breath. “I don’t know. I think that no one should pursue an action they morally do not feel comfortable with. That is obvious. Your instincts are a strong indication of where you should stand. Respecting Lisa’s choice over a year ago, by not continuing to pursue her, wouldn’t automatically reflect your lack of interest in her then or now. I think it’s more about your decency. Not to mention that going after her in that fashion might have been qualified as harassment,” said Castiel, which had Dean giving Sam a triumphant smile. “However,” he continued, “perhaps Sam does bring an important point about how our actions—or lack thereof—speak louder than words, too. You don’t typically create unnecessary drama, Dean, but when you know what you want, you certainly don’t shy away from expressing it.”
“It is, Sam. I’m not the product of an old curse that dates from the beginning of time. Or an amateur angel swallowing millions upon millions of purgatory souls. I’m me. Period.”
“Hey, it’s me. I know, calling is unusual. I know it’s in the middle of the day and you’re most likely busy. But I just got some news. It’s good, Hannah. It’s really good. I—I just wanted to tell someone and you’re the first person who came to mind. Call me when you get this. We have to celebrate.”
“Huh. All right,” he said, finally sitting down at the other end. “So, I guess we’ll get to have a proper hang out session. Something that we haven’t managed to do yet. Which is a bit weird when I think about it. I mean, you’ve been here since…October?”
Expertly, or so it seemed to Dean, Castiel fired up the engines and propelled them out of Henriksen’s grasp, into the dark unknown of space. They didn’t really have a destination yet, as you can tell, and that would clearly become an issue very fast.
Knowing that he had royally fucked up, he had still attempted to mend the rift between them, so things could return to how they were before the day of the car chase, but it had been without success.
His son, who had apparently been examining the contents of one of Dean’s bags, stared at him, as he was twisting his sunglasses in his hands.
Dinner consisted of a delicious honey-maple ham, cheesy mash potatoes, a panoply of roasted vegetables—which included garlic green beans, spiced Brussels sprouts and honey glazed carrots—and buttery rolls that Dean could have eaten by the dozen.
“Oh, Donna,” he said, suddenly intrigued. “I’ve heard of you, as well. You’re Dean’s best man—woman on the ground.”
Michael walked passed him, heading for the door, while Castiel didn’t move a muscle. He stared at the window, watching snowflakes falling. His heart was heavy and he felt like he had aged years in one conversation.
Following the instructions that he had been given earlier that day, Dean continued all the way to the end of Host Street and took the back alley to reach the secondary entrance of
Dean had no idea what other cars were in store for him, but he doubted they would all be as exquisite as this one. So, he decided to enjoy that part of the job while he could.
“Sorry, I—I didn’t mean to make you feel bad,” He rested a hand on Castiel’s chest, feeling his beating heart.
“Good.” And then, his grin growing, he said, “So, you’ll let me do this, then?” And his hand slid on Dean’s thigh and reached his balls. Dean whimpered and totally let Castiel do whatever wanted, trembling at his touch.
And there was a single shelf in the middle of the wall displaying numerous leather-bound journals. Fourteen of them, to be exact.
After thanking him, Dean expected the typical quid-pro-quo, but all that Patrick said was, “You’re welcome.”
After serving the said customer a few butter croissants, Gabriel took a moment to observe the man standing in front of him.
been you. Dean might have had the mark and Cas powered up on purgatory souls, but they found their way back, and I have never been…
“Oh, I’m sorry. I—given Donna’s story, I figured it must have been something like that as well, though I was hoping it would have been under better circumstances.”
But Dean did worry. Based on his previous nights, he deduced that he would be back at a reasonable hour, and since it was Friday, meaning no school for Sam the next day, he told his brother that they could try to squeeze in a few episodes once he returned home.
And the moment the ice gel pack touched Dean’s skin, right after Castiel delicately slid it under his shirt, relief spread throughout Dean’s face. Castiel, standing in front of him, rested his hand on Dean’s shoulder in order to hold the gel pack in place.
Slowly, both of them relaxed, lay down their guard a bit, and by the end of the visit, they had even enjoyed each other’s company.
“The usual,” he finally answered. “Just later than I’m used to.” He then added quickly, “Which reminds me, Jack, you should say goodnight to Dean. It’s time for you to go upstairs and get ready. I’ll be up in a minute to draw you a bath.”
And that’s when Dean said, “Ha, ha, no.” I’m being very polite here, because this is not the language he used.
They finished the rest of their meal discussing Sam and Jessica’s pending arrival on the following day, both eager to find out how everything had worked out.
“She did. Even though we obviously didn’t do anything major since then, as we can’t, she came back on her decision and would like to have a sit down.”
Castiel laughed. “But, um, there is only one bedroom in the house. How did an entire group of friends, or frat boys, manage?”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Cas, come on. Anything? Ugh, okay. Look,” he said, nodding to their left. A brawny blond guy, who was waiting for his drink at the bar not very far from them, was clearly looking in their direction.
Following his lead, Dean began unbuttoning Castiel’s shirt, while not missing a chance to press his mouth to Castiel’s skin every time he could.
Amelia sighed, took a good look at Dean, and said, “We were about to order food. Any preferences, Dean?”
As quietly as he could, he locked the front door behind him, walked past the living room and down the short hallway, and entered the bedroom to the right after knocking softly on the door.
“Okay. I—I just wanted to make sure. And thank you, by the way. For last night. Coming to get me and all. I—I don’t know if I said that already, but thank you for your help.”
An exhausted mind was more susceptible to grim thoughts, and given the dark reality of his isolation, Dean had noticed that anxiety had increasingly shown its ugly head at bedtime.
But now at the lake-house, being confined indoors because of the weather and with his sole neighbour gone to work for the day, replying to six letters on a daily basis was not a problem at all. In fact, in the few days that he had returned to it, he had not only been able to increase his number of replies, but he also found that he was able to give more wholesome, detailed and even lengthier responses than before.
Dean leaned back in his seat, looking grim. “I can’t…I can’t imagine not knowing where Sam would be. Mind you, we live in the same town and I’m having separation issues. That’s probably not healthy, either.”
“Don’t be silly. We were waiting for you,” she said. “Dean, here, wanted to check if you needed a lift to town.”
Jack returned his gaze on Dean. “Belphegor says that Dad always looks happy when we’re about to see you. But that he has sad eyes after he does.”
Anyway, we met Crowley in the morning, when he hitched a ride with us near Viatoribus, just as planned.
“It’s all right, Cas,” said Dean, tapping on his shoulder. “Don’t worry about that now. That—that did not go exactly as planned, but so what? Plenty of fish in the sea. Next time, might wanna skip anything gross about animals. Or just anything gross altogether. Just out of curiosity though, was that what you told Hannah when you asked her out? Where did you meet her? How did you meet her?”
“Yeah…” said Sam, now slightly confused. “I—like I said in my message, I gathered that you did when you—”
When Dean had announced the day before that he would have plans with Lisa before the party, it seemed rather clear that Lisa would accompany Dean to the festivities.
Right before lunchtime, however, he judged he should perhaps return to the house to see how Dean was doing, as he still hadn’t shown up yet.
Not having much to do for entertainment, they had spent most of the summer exploring the neighborhood, the curvy streets—which were often dead ends—from Benny’s home to the Sorento Park, where they had watched the baseball games that had often taken place.
Castiel had knocked on his door. He had called his name through the door. Called him on his phone, even. Texted him.
Feeling like this was a trap, Dean paused a moment, studying his grandfather’s eyes, but then when it seemed that he was asking him a serious question, Dean nodded.
He reminded them to clear their thoughts as much as possible and to focus on Mary, and the boys began.
The burger joint turned out to be amazing. It had been crowded, thus not utterly awkward, but not too crowded, so they had been able to actually hear each other without having to yell over the noise. The food had been delicious and the casual ambiance of the place had lowered the pressure of the night, much to Dean’s relief. It even had pool tables and Dean had been thrilled to learn that Lisa not only liked pool, but she was also an excellent player.
After staring at his phone for a few seconds, Gabriel lifted his eyes to meet Castiel’s and said, “Okay, so, I need to check. Do you remember anything weird about the Impala? And are you bleeding or something?”
“Exactly,” said Castiel, with a grim look on his face. “Is this why you came here? Because you feel like you owe me?”
“And as for today,” Dean continued, “it was perfect. And I mean, the whole day. I understand it’s not just about you. You’re thinking about Jack too. As you should and it’s honestly one of the reasons I like you so much. But Cas, I waited so long. I don’t care how we get there. If you tell me that
“Boulder’s, probably. Wasn’t exactly my first choice, as you know, but he’s certainly not my last one, either. And it’s only for tonight.”
Needless to say, since he had arrived at the lake-house, his free time had exponentially increased. And while he had taken it easy during his first week, the rainy days had helped him get back into it.
Later, on that same night, after Castiel had left, Dean was helplessly staring at his ceiling, reliving the entire day.
Unfortunately, it became clear to Castiel that Dean had been right on the matter. While he succeeded, so far, in keeping himself warm by the fire, the floor, despite the multiple blankets, was extremely uncomfortable.
The boys scanned the room quickly, and once they were satisfied that Castiel was truly not present—nor was Gabriel—they happily turned their backs to the panel and walked away.
“Agreed. And I feel like I only got the two-line synopsis of the whole story. I really don’t think it would be a bad idea if you go rest at home for today. Um, for a couple of days, even. I had agreed to man the place until you came back—whenever that was—and I meant it. I swear, we’ll be fine.”
Dean smiled. “It was my grandparents’ place. We used to come here all the time for my birthday. I have no idea why, but I always loved the place and I guess Granddad knew, so he left it to me when he passed.”
“No, Gabriel showed up,” continued Sam, cutting off his mother. “He dropped by to give Cas a heads up of the situation. I was there and they both seemed troubled so I offered Cas—and Gabriel—the option to stay over if they wanted. I said I’d run it by you two first, of course,” he specified, turning to his parents, “but that’s all. What’s your deal?”
“Correct. And it’s not the vehicle you want to find yourself in if you need to leave the premises in a hurry and disappear into the night.”
“That’s because his last name isn’t Winchester. Samuel is my mother’s father.” Before he blurted out the correct answer, he hesitated an instant, knowing they were past small talk at this point. “It’s Campbell.
But the adorable boy in question did not mind. In fact, he informed Dean that the main reason why he was so keen on having the kite was because his brother had one of his own. So now, he would be able to accompany him to the park without having to constantly ask him to share.
And after smiling at the corner of his mouth, Gabriel leaned in for another kiss, pressing himself against him.
Many things needed to be said. Many things should have been said a long time ago of you ask me. But given the situation, after staring longingly at each other, like the dum-dums that they were, they finally judged that perhaps they should first leave the premises.
Dean, most likely debating if Castiel was making fun of him or not, stared at him for a short while, only to suddenly grin at him and say, “Well, you kinda got me there.”
Poor Garth was trying the best he could to be helpful, but every suggestion that he shared with him, in the most patient and kind voice, was rejected in a rude manner. Instant relief spread on his face the moment he spotted Castiel and Donna in the doorway.
Truth be told, Sam was struggling. He didn’t feel bad about the night before. Embarrassed about certain parts, perhaps, but he didn’t have a pit in his stomach or a dreadful feeling that something had gone wrong.
Knowing it could only mean one thing, Castiel, trying to not feel too annoyed, grouchily pushed off his covers with his feet. He stared at the ceiling for a moment, as he mentally prepared himself for what he was about to witness. He then sighed deeply, slid off the bed, and wrapped himself in his housecoat before stepping outside his bedroom.
Castiel remained silent for a moment, deciding what to say. He had to admit that after Gabriel’s speech, attempting to deny anything would seem rather fruitless. Evidently, his brother had greatly reflected on the matter and he would remain adamant about it. Still hesitant to speak, he then remembered Sam’s suggestion and opted for a leap of faith.
Knowing that it was mostly likely pointless as he had found it outside the storage unit, he decided to hold on to it nonetheless.
Dean blinked. “Of course! Yes. I—sorry, I’m not really awake yet and I—yes, I’m still up for it. Absolutely.” He then let out an awkward laugh and his eyes kept bouncing back and forth on Castiel and the house.
If that wasn’t disturbing enough, Godstiel, floating mid-air, spewed black goo that reminded them of the Leviathans. But the gooey mass, which was ever-growing and covering the ground at an excessive speed, remained connected to him.
Sam nodded. “I know. We—I—I remember now. After we, um, took care of my clothes, we went to bed because I said I was cold.”
“We’re going out tomorrow,” Dean heard himself say when he noticed Castiel had begun walking towards him.
Thus, after hearing all about Balthazar’s depraved (and entertaining) evening, Castiel wished his friends goodnight (and good afternoon), especially when Gabriel was hilariously becoming less coherent, and returned to his quiet evening at home.
On the fourth day, however, he dragged his feet to the car and glanced at the house in a moment of weakness.
Considering it wasn't like Dean could have hidden it even if he had wished to, it seems rather odd that Nick hadn’t noticed it until then.
“I’m okay, Dean. It—it could have been worse.” And he gave him a sad look. His right hand moved a bit, almost as though he was about to reach for Dean’s, but instead he leaned back into the booth and rested his hand at the edge of the tabletop, tapping his fingers on it.
Leaving the car’s engine running and the lights on, they stepped out of the car to have a closer look.
Dean rolled his eyes and pursed his lips. Castiel’s expression remained unchanged as he simply waited for Dean’s approval to Crowley’s request. Finally, Dean met Castiel’s eyes and nodded to him.
“You were right,” he said calmly. “What—what you said about us? You were right. We-we—this—us—we never really were….”
Relieved that Castiel didn’t look disgusted or angry, Dean still held his breath when Castiel stepped closer, while carefully studying Dean’s face. Castiel reached out to Dean’s waist and gently slid his quivering hand to Dean’s lower back. He rested his forehead against Dean’s and eased his hand to the top of his shoulder. Past his jacket and onto the back of his neck, soft fingertips met Dean’s warm skin.
“Um, you haven’t ruined anything, Cas. It’s literally day two and I honestly have nothing to complain about. Now, if you end up spending the rest of the week with a frown on your face and looking out the window, watching—well, I was going to say
Castiel nonchalantly shook his head. “That’s just the way we are. That’s the way I always remembered it.”
“Because Cain called.” Sam continued on his task at hand. “And he had a lot of questions about your plans over the holidays. I was wondering if it was something you two had discussed before.”
The truth, however, was that Castiel’s embrace had made all the difference for Dean. The excruciating burning sensation on his shoulder had ceased the second Castiel had released it, and despite the fact that he was trembling like a leaf, Castiel’s hug had been an instant cure for his discomfort.
It was because these people are super sharp. Like extra-sensorial sharp. And unlike the BMoL—and literally the entire galaxy’s population—they took one look at Castiel and they knew who he was.
Glad to see Dean was finally accepting his assistance, Castiel repositioned himself on his seat and asked him, “Are you feeling better? Good enough to drive?”
“Wait, what do you mean alone? De—no one is with you?” He sounded worried. When Castiel didn’t reply, Gabriel continued, “You’re not, right? Tell me you are with someone.”
Dean, nodding, lowered his eyes for a second, only to lift them back up and looked directly at Castiel.
Wanting to change the subject, Dean said, “I prepared you a plate. There’s Aaron’s special porridge. I thought that would be the best bet for you. There are also waffles with fruits, and Eggs Benedict if you feel up to it. I know you like those. There’s a bunch of other stuff, but I think this is the best for now. Sounds good?”
It was because, with the nights getting colder, Castiel had instantly felt Dean’s body warmth leave the bed.
Groaning, Sam, no longer resting his back against the couch, sat up as he delicately pulled Gabriel’s hips towards him, and then lifted his hands to Gabriel’s shoulders for a better hold. Still busying his tongue on his neck, Gabriel let out a laugh at Sam’s readjustment. He leaned his head backwards to get a better look at him.
“I see.” Dean could tell Sam was smiling. “I’m not gonna add you in my sad boat here, Dean, but just out of curiosity, given that I already have difficulty finding said
Dean, pressing and gluing himself against Castiel, wrapped his arms around him, while Castiel ran his fingers through Dean’s hair with both hands, gently pulling on it. Moving away from Dean’s mouth, Castiel started kissing Dean’s jaw and slowly down his neck, as he eased his hands on his waist.
And although nothing else seemed to have occurred within their surroundings, Team Free Will 2.0 had this massive pit in their stomach, knowing that something awful was probably being unleashed.
Castiel tried as best he could to keep his breathing under control and remain in this exact position. His arms were shaking, supporting his weight.
I leaned my head backwards a bit, looking at him for a moment, while he waited for my answer. “That’s a story for another time,” I whispered.
Dean’s left leg nearly gave out. He reached for Castiel’s hands and pushed himself against him, feeling Castiel’s erection against his ass.
. Which was better than most. Starting from there, I followed the breadcrumbs.” Crossing his arms over his chest, Gabriel then added, “As for why he is simply tracking you instead of gunning for your heads, I’m sure he has his reasons, but he wasn’t in a sharing mood regarding that part. I have a feeling that he’ll introduce himself soon enough.”
He took a deep breath and swallowed. “As I said, the jobs I had at the beginning… that was mainly seasonal. It wasn’t that much of a problem at the time because that was during my studies. I didn’t mind what it was. I just liked the hotel and I needed employment.”
“Yeah? You sure you don’t want anything else?” he asked, as he quickened his strokes. “I have a lot of ideas too.” And he teased Castiel with the tip of his tongue on his lips.
“What about Jack and the favour this witch man is asking of him?” asked Castiel in a concerned tone.
First, he had to do something about Lisa. Regardless of the outcome of his confession to Castiel, he had to come clean to Lisa about this. Even if they weren’t technically official, that was just decent courtesy and Dean felt bad that he hadn’t done so already. He liked her and hurting her was the last thing he wanted. But the previous night was undeniable proof of whom his heart truly yearned for.
Numerous plants were all over the place. And to Dean’s left was a workout bench with a dumbbell rack right next to it.
Castiel knew he was being ridiculous, but he couldn’t help it. He was plagued by these thoughts and he wanted nothing more than to sit down and have a proper talk with Dean about it. If he was worried about such things, chances were that Dean was too, but until the dreadful deadline finally came to pass, he would try his best to focus on his time with Dean and to remain positive about their future.
“They will dry. I’ll—I swear Dean, I’ll be fine. I’ll wait out the storm and if nothing changes, I promise I’ll wait for you until you’re done for the day. No problem.”
“I told you it wasn’t urgent,” said Castiel, nearly aggravated. He seized the keys and tossed them on the counter next to his drink.
As they travelled down the street, he could see in his rearview mirror that his friend had stayed put and waved back at the car.
The whole concept was, of course, weird and Castiel tried to not overthink it too much. However awkward it might have been though, it was working. Dean moved his hands from time to time, not rubbing, but simply taking hold of his feet from another angle, thus spreading warmth equally over them.
“I sorta know where this is. There are plenty of places where we can head over after, so that’s good. But why there?” he asked. “Like, what—” he paused, when he—as carefully as he could—quickly passed another vehicle that was going too slowly for him. “What makes you think this place is safe?”
Feeling their heavy stares on him, Dean was no longer comfortable with this conversation and was deeply fighting the urge to simply run out.
He watched Jack, who was seated next to Sam, trying gently to wake him up, and just as he was about to call for him, Rowena stepped into his periphery and yelled, “You boys better tell me what in the bloody hell is going on?”
Trust me, this didn’t count. It was just a few times. I—I’m just mentioning it because, before you, that’s probably the closest thing to dating I had.”
“No, he isn’t,” agreed Sam eagerly. “He’s not. Until yesterday, I had never seen Dean jealous…except that one time.”
“I know it’s quick, but I—okay, I’ll be very honest with you Dean, I had plans already with…you know, and knowing that I’d be out with you instead of staying at home wallowing, it would really cheer me up. We don’t have to do much, really. I just don’t want to stay at home and be depressed.”
“Then, some guy showed up at the bakery. I recognized him. He’s from Sam’s work. We got to talking, and long story short,” Gabriel paused to clear his throat, “um, I learned that Sam’s new case, the one he had to stay at work for, didn’t just involve him working late. It also involved him working late with Bela. Alone. All night.”
But Dean remained seated. He let Castiel have his fun, watching the water wavering for a few minutes, until Castiel eventually returned next to him, dripping wet. He put his top back on and dropped on his seat, as he exhaled loudly.
And just as Sam was moving towards the door, Dean yelled, “Hey, wait! My keys! You still haven’t given me my keys back.”
Castiel swallowed. “I’ll be fine. I’m adjusting to the place, I guess. That drop in the shower is really annoying though.”
“Thanks for the precision, but can we skip the gender studies for a second and just put us back in our regular clothes? NOW? I hate this.”
He took one sip of his coffee and grabbed his utensils. “Do you need me to cut your waffle for you?”
“I drove Cas to the diner that morning, way before school. He was meeting Sam. I thought he was meeting you both, but I guess you weren’t there after all, huh?”
Castiel had to let out a laugh. He wasn’t sure why, but not long after he had moved in, Dean had gained the habit of leaving a note for him on Friday nights to inform him he had gone out. He always made it sound as if it was a last-minute decision, almost as though they had made plans or something, and always specifically on Friday night. Even if Dean went out on Saturday or Sunday—whenever he felt like it, really—which he did, the note was solely waiting for Castiel on Friday nights.
Castiel was now officially upset. He spent the rest of his night tossing and turning. The last thing he wanted was to have to deal with an infuriated neighbour—
“Do you want me to help you put it on top of the tree?” asked Dean to Jack. The kid nodded in an earnest manner, standing up. Dean lifted Jack high enough and, with certain directives from Castiel, Jack succeeded in installing the angel at the top of the Christmas tree.
“He’ll be okay,” said Dean. “I bet Jack will be so busy with everyone there, he won’t even think of Belphegor.”
“Next time we go to the park,” said John, “we’ll try it. Or even when we visit Uncle Bobby. He certainly has the open fields around his house for it.”
And while this had been the mantra Castiel had repeated to himself during his entire disastrous journey, he sensed that his patience was soon approaching its limit. But he appreciated Dean’s input, so he thanked him and told him that he was right.
“I’m fine,” he said defensively. And then, after a short hesitation, he added, “They do have a certain fancy way of doing it.”
Turning too quickly, he winced, as he was suddenly struck with a sharp pain in his left thigh. Dean shut his eyes, waiting for it to pass. He breathed through it, as he always did, and proceeded to take care of the rest of the items in order to distract himself.
—if I did the right thing, kept my hands to myself and sucked it up, I would spare myself some embarrassment and pain. And fucking look at me now!” he said, running his hands on his face, laughing in the most disconcerting way. “Isn’t that fucking ridiculous? Can you believe this shit? I still ended up feeling exactly how I was trying to avoid: like a damn fool. And I get the added bonus of having reached a new low in just how embarrassed a person can be when I think about when I just—I—what she must have seen—I just flew out of there like a coward and—” Dean’s sentence died in his throat.
It had taken everything he had not to move a muscle, and he had no idea how he hadn’t reached for Castiel’s hand. Probably due to shock.
His spirit had already endured a lot, but from that point on, Dean’s hopes and dreams about the world had plummeted.
He nodded. “I usually travel by plane, but I…I had to bring down a few pieces of furniture I had promised my brother at the end of the summer and—anyway,” he said, waving his hand. “I—long story, it was less complicated—and less expensive—if I travelled by car this year. So, in order to avoid the storm, I left late afternoon on Tuesday. I was lucky enough to be able to do so, anyway.” Castiel’s eyes shifted to Sam who was still avidly speaking on the phone. “What about you?”
“Don’t you dare think this is a comment on what just happened,” he said clearly. “But I told you. It takes a lot for me to sleep. It’s just sleep. It’s not the same for me as it is for you.”
He heard Sam sigh on the other end of the line, knowing full well that Sam couldn’t argue against that.
Obviously, it was impossible for him to not hear anything at all either. But besides the guests’—at times—ostentatious airs, most of their conversations were rather boring, Dean had found.
was no longer what Dean perceived the scene to be. And the next thing he knew, Dean had taken off his own shirt, and let Castiel—no one else—use the brushes on him.
Momentarily numb from everything after hearing Dean’s voice say the exact words he didn’t want to hear, Castiel quickly grabbed his coat, left Dean’s side to avoid further embarrassment, and rushed past the few spectators gathering around them. He ran away from that crime scene as fast as he could, so fast, in fact, that he nearly missed the last few steps down the stairs and knocked into people.
Dean hanged the Christmas wreath over the couch, and Castiel put up some garlands by the window, along with Christmas lights.
They wished to have this conversation clear minded and no longer fearing major setbacks looming over them.
They could have called someone at the ranch for a lift, but this would have brought a panoply of questions and alarms from everyone, and the last thing they wanted was to deal with any of that.
Wrapping his hand around his phone, Castiel nodded and lowered his eyes. He wondered if by now Michael knew he wouldn’t be able to make it until the next day.
He was still seated in bed, with his head against the headboard and his hand resting gently on Dean’s head, as if he had fallen asleep running his fingers through his hair.
The only downside was that the air conditioning was inoperative. It had broken down during the previous summer, and unfortunately Donna hadn’t had the chance to replace it.
Although he had never read the ones Dean had received, Castiel doubted these were the same thing. From what he had understood, Dean’s had directly been linked to the ranch. These were linked to Castiel himself and even, of course, his family history.
It wasn’t that Dean had forgotten how the man had landed on his lap, but worrying about his well-being had skyrocketed to the top of his priorities the moment he had set eyes on him. It hadn’t allowed him much time to reflect on the rest of the night’s events. But now that
While the air didn’t feel uncomfortable, Dean had a strong feeling that once they would step outside the Impala, there would be a distinct shift in the atmosphere, however.
“Thank you. I mean, I’d take the credit, but I had nothing to do with it. Granddad met with architects and home designers and stuff. Like I said, pretty sure he wanted to do this for my parents. I don’t think Granddad would have bothered with all this if it would have been just for him. He was the ‘only need basics’ kind of guy. But like you said, this is still very beautiful. I know he still loved it.”
He had searched for him at school after the Christmas break the year before, and in September when the new school year had begun.
“It wasn’t ruined, Dean.” He delicately tucked the gel pack over his shoulder. “That better?” Dean nodded, with relief spreading over his face. “We simply left a few hours earlier than planned,” continued Sam. “That’s all.”
Dean had been ready. He had been expecting a thorough interrogation from his grandfather for a while now and had prepared arguments for the occasion.
“Let’s have a test run for you. And since Prisoner 4010918 needs a moment to catch his breath, let’s start with you, Dean,” said Ketch. He stepped forward again. “Let’s begin with an easy one. Are you Dean Winchester from Venandi?”
“Perhaps a little, yes. I appreciate the compliment—I think—but you do understand why I shared that information with you, right? It was to let you know that
“I’m sorry. About everything. I know I messed up. And I know we agreed to—but I can’t stop thinking about you.” He let out a deep sigh. “And while my situation improved—meaning that I’m not on the other side of the country—I know it’s still complicated. But if you want, I was wondering if—if we could start over. Still text, but actually talk too. Like phone calls and skype. And I’d like to drive here once in a while if you want. Lawrence is a few hours away. It’s not the same city, but it’s not Alaska. It’s doable now. And I know I probably sound like a crazy person right now, and I know we have a lot of work to do, mostly on my end—I am fully aware that I still have a lot to answer for—but Cas, I—not trying, not driving here to tell you how much I fucking love you and I want you in my life, that would make me the biggest idiot ever. There are so many things I regret about all this. I had to at least try that.”
“I’m sorry, Cas. I feel—I’m sorry. I knew it had to be harsh no matter what, but….” Dean took a deep breath, processing it all.
And the idea of crashing in and putting on a move, while knowing full well it would create drama and make everything complicated for everyone…
. You know how it is when bad things happen around us. We are immediately held accountable for it. I don’t want that for you. It’s going to be bad for Dean no matter what. And if you stay, not that I care about him, but if a Novak is standing next to him when it happens, you’re doing neither of you a favor.”
He sighed deeply, shut the window and turned himself on his side, desperately trying to ignore the important decision awaiting him the next day.
“Let’s try a few more elaborate questions and then we’ll get to the good part. Tell me where the Purgatory prisoners are?”
And in that instant, with his heart jumping out of his chest and his knees feeling like Jell-O—and this, despite the fact that he was seated—Castiel assessed with great delight that all the warm and fuzzy feelings of the night before had resurfaced, thus proving that he had not imagined it.
“Who knows? You know me, I can hardly stay in one place for too long, anyways,” he said, taking a sip of his coffee.
“Yeah.” And then, Gabriel paused a moment, weighed on if he should add another detail about the matter or not, but chose to remain quiet, biting in lips hard.
Knowing he should double back to the house and get his coat, Dean stubbornly hurried down the street, happy to walk away from the house. The prospect of coming face to face with Lisa (or Amelia) was daunting enough for him to pursue his route. Guilt grew in his stomach at the idea of momentarily leaving Sam on his own, but he had every intention of coming back. He would eventually need his jacket and keys anyway, and Sam was also nowhere to be found at that moment.
“Nothing out of the ordinary, I suppose. I knew her from school. She had been part of my study group during my first year. I had seen her on campus once in a while after that, but there hadn’t been anything more to it than that. Then, I spotted her at the party and we got into talking and—and we pretty much spent the rest of the evening together. When it was time for her to return home with her friends, I made sure she had my number.”
Feeling uneasy that he had perhaps taken advantage of his new friend’s generosity, he asked him, “Are you sure you don’t want the slinky? It’s really fun and the colours are nice. It was yours first. I—if you changed your mind, it’s okay.”
Castiel watched him a moment, and as a smirk grew on his lips, he said, “So, am I to understand that browsing is the option you are choosing?”
He started poking around at Dean too, just like the first idiot, and making fun of him. And then moved on to Castiel and said something offensive that really doesn’t need to be repeated here. If that wasn’t bad enough, he then got inspired by the muse of stupidity and started poking around Castiel’s things, and the next thing he knew—oops his head was abruptly meeting the floor and someone was stepping on his back.
With the box gone, it allowed him room to slowly ease his hand closer, as he took a step towards his friend.
Remaining silent, they stared at each other. And as the seconds added on, Castiel’s mind was rapidly filled with certain ideas.
Castiel swallowed. “I know you said—whatever Sam said about Dean this morning, but it doesn’t change what happened yesterday. Dean still said—he picked Lisa. And—and if Dean refuses to speak to him, it means Sam still doesn’t know what happened last night. I think that, perhaps, Sam is misunderstanding why Dean is upset.”
And just like that, Castiel decided that his initial opinion of Dean hadn’t been wrong after all. In fact, it had been spot on.
Even if nothing would come of it—and considering everything, that was very probable—he still needed to do it.
But Castiel’s guess had been right. He found Dean at the old stables near Henry’s first house. While the houses were occupied, the old stables weren’t. Even in his childhood, it hadn’t been used for anything except a bit of storage for the Winchester family.
But there were no words, no apologies, no poignant looks urging him to just accept and move on. Instead, God’s form rippled and shifted and then Chuck’s snivelling face was suddenly there, wrinkled with a warm, bittersweet smile, forming into
But then Dean had found him, found him like he always did and always would. Castiel broke and fell and rose into a million, glittering, weeping pieces, Dean’s hand gripping his shoulder in an ironic inversion of the handmark on his own shoulder. Castiel was sure this is what stars tasted of, the electric tilt of trembling lips on his own, the explosion and heat in the press of Dean’s body rolling against his. It was their first and last embrace, an unjust end to the hymn that had started when he’d first felt Dean’s soul, wondered at that smile, realized he loved humanity,
Dean, to be the tiny sliver left of Team Free Will, and he would gobble them up because no matter how impossible it was for him, Dean was suffering insurmountingly in comparison. Castiel now seemed an angel in name only, but Dean, Dean was the true angel, the light, humanity of the world, the savior of mankind.
And for the first time in thousands upon thousands of years Cas realized he was absolutely, utterly alone. The humans had left a hundred years ago, sailing into the cosmos for a better life, leaving this world to rot, not knowing that their absence would make it soar. The Earth healed, ever so slowly, plush green forests overtaking concrete tundras, wildlife growing and morphing and thriving. Cas thought maybe, if the earth had healed, maybe he too had healed enough to fish his love from the sea.
“Dad, Lisa’s most likely not at her house right now,” said Dean urgently. “She—she works at her mom’s shop on Sunday’s.”
“Yes. He is. I’m not exactly sure what happened, but all I know is that he dislocated his shoulder and was transported to the hospital. Look, I—like I said before, I’m so sorry to call you. But I’m his emergency contact, which is why I know about it. Normally, I’d already be there, but I’m actually out of town and because of the weather, the roads are closed and will apparently remain so until tomorrow morning. And with Charlie being out of the country until Wednesday… if it’s impossible for you at the moment, there are a few other people I could call, but since you live with him, I figured I should try you first. I just—Dean is so stubborn. He won’t call anyone and I’m sure he’ll do something stupid like trying to get back to his car. I simply want to know he made it back home safely when he’s discharged, and I—I know it’s late,” he repeated. “And I understand if you can’t—”
Castiel knew Gabriel would cope no matter what, but he couldn’t shake off this small hint of worry spreading over him.
“I would love to, but I’m afraid that won’t be possible,” said the woman at the door. Despite her earnest tone, there was a severe air about her. Dean wasn’t sure if it was her formal attire or that not a single hair on her head seemed out of place. “There is too much to do back home before the guests arrive. Errands and—but it’s why I thought of bringing these,” she said, pointing at the containers Mr. Redfield was holding. “Some dishes and treats my family have done. Feel free to share them with your loved ones during the holidays, or even keep them amongst yourselves this afternoon. I also took the liberty to add ready-to-cook homemade dough and a few recipes for you to try if you feel like it. I know it’s not the same but…”
“We can still play later on, but…since some of the daylight is still here, would you be okay if we just sat by the lake and talked?”
About halfway through his Spanish homework, his focus was broken due to some commotion at the other end of the library.
Sam had tried to keep a straight face as he stared at Gabriel, but he could feel his smile slowly creeping back on his lips.
“Why didn’t you?” said Dean softly. “I understand why it wasn’t the first thing out of your mouth, but—” he paused, taking a deep breath. “And I—I’m still not sure what the situation was—is—whatever.”
“Anything, Dean. It’s been what? More or less a month now, and you haven’t said much about it. I was expecting long speeches of how
And considering the commotion, he judged that it wouldn’t be long before the cops or back-up would show up.
And even if Dean was interested, Castiel coming clean about his own omission had its issues as well.
He had reread his message about twenty-three times, desperately trying to see how Castiel could have misinterpreted it. Or worst, been offended by it.
“Oh, yeah? Well, Dean can come at me any time he wants. In fact, we probably have a few words to exchange, big brother to big brother.”
“I am helping Dean by helping you because I’m rooting for you both. I mean, you’re Dean and Cas. You belong together.”
“I’ve never had one before.” Eyeing the box that the boy had rested next to him, he said, “What’s yours?”
Sam: I’m hoping to deal with Dean in a moment, but just tell Cas one thing for me. Tell him that he promised. He promised he wouldn’t run from Dean and that I’m still in his corner.
“Oh, I will. Scouts honor. But I think we are slowly delving into a particular subject that I think would be more suited to be shared under a specific occasion. Like at a certain time of day—night. As per
And with that, he stood up, brought his empty cup to the sink and retrieved his keys from the bowl next to the microwave. “I’ll go open up downstairs. You boys join me as soon as you’ve eaten breakfast.”
“Hey, Cas!” said Sam, waving his uninjured arm to attract attention, as he was staring in front of him. “Here!”
, as she kept insisting Mary called her—had taken over the room with the intention of baking delicious apple pies and other pastries. Numerous celebrations were occurring in the neighborhood on that very evening, and unable to attend every single one of them, they had decided that the next best thing was to regroup, and prepare delectable desserts to distribute at their ease later on for everyone to enjoy.
“No, it’s fine,” said Castiel, after taking a sip of his beer. “The jacket was getting annoying, but the cool breeze and beer will help. Besides, you’re one to talk.”
“We’ll get Ketch as soon as we can. That was the deal and nothing changes that,” Dean added. “But, um, we also can’t ignore this mess. I mean, see it this way: if we die, we can’t capture the bastard.”
It probably didn’t help that he had been labeled a criminal throughout the galaxy, even if it had only been for a brief time and had been revoked afterwards.
“How dare you?” said Gabriel in an overreacted way, clearly feigning outrage. “And you’re siding with him, not me?”
Feeling the jitters in his chest as Castiel watched him, Dean continued backwards until his heels reached the wall behind him. He gave Castiel one last look and turned around to face the wall.
“I think this is the part of the evening when we have to go our separate ways,” said Castiel calmly. “We’ve—better not chance more than what we’ve done.”
“That the little pistol you’re so desperate to get your hands on, I—I’m afraid it won’t do much against Lucifer.”
As for Dean, well, he was freaking out a little. But the good kind. After all the misunderstanding. The bitching and bickering. The fucking stares and tension. He couldn’t believe this was just fucking finally happening.
“I’m telling you this because of what happened yesterday. Because of your new job. I want both of you boys to be smart about things. And I just hope you’re being careful.”
“I—I’m begging you,” he continued. “I know it’s not your problem, but I just had the worst day and—I really could go for some apple pie. Like, I don’t want to say that you’d save the day, but yeah. You totally would.”
“That was my intention, idjit.” He tapped him on his shoulder and headed towards the same direction Sam and Jessica had gone not a moment ago. “You’re lucky it’s just me. I’d listen to Sam if I were you and head home, unless you want a bunch of nosy people cornering you within the next five minutes.”
But before Dean could finish his sentence, he was interrupted by Sam, who yelled unnecessarily loudly from the hallway, “I don’t think it’s there, Mom!”
“What?” exclaimed Dean. “No, it doesn’t. I thought it was just information in bed. Not national secrets and not necessarily after they’ve had sex.”
“Hey, you made it! Perfect timing, it’s alm—oh,” and Dean stopped mid-sentence. He wasn’t laughing, but he looked at Castiel with a massive grin on his face. “Are you okay?”
Soon enough, though, Castiel found himself sucked more deeply into the story lines. He didn’t really care much about medical setting (though it was still informative and interesting), but he appreciated the juiciness of the relationship drama.
Sam, after jumping up from the couch because of the sudden commotion, let out a loud groan, realizing he had managed to drop the entirety of the popcorn bowl on the floor.
As if he had read his mind, Dean then ran his free hand along Castiel’s back, while he pressed himself even more against him. Castiel quivered at Dean’s craving touch and moved his hips, feeling his discomfort in his pants.
Then, as awkwardness was actively growing between them, Castiel extended the bag to Dean and said, “You better take it away from me or I’ll eat it all.”
He wasn’t ready to let Sam discard the possibility of Gabriel any time soon. But considering how stubborn his brother was about it in that moment, Dean opted to wait for now, knowing that there would be plenty of time to revisit the idea before Christmas. Thusly, Dean moved on to his side of news.
Once seated comfortably in the car, Dean pointed to the giant thermos containing coffee, which Castiel eagerly served each of them a cup, knowing they could refill it at the festival if need be. And after running a quick checklist, they were ready to begin their journey.
“One minute, okay?” Castiel whispered. He covered Dean’s shoulders with slow and soft kisses. “Just a minute.”
“Right. So, um, are you pleased with your decision so far? Besides the grumpy neighbour ordeal, I mean,” he added, nearly embarrassed.
“Okay, but he still hates my guts,” said Dean. “If he doesn’t get his freaking revenge or whatever—” Dean sighed deeply.
Involving himself was the last thing he wanted and he firmly believed this question should have been aimed at Dean instead of him.
whispered from the back of his throat, indicating that I had hit a nerve, and then Dean stormed out. After a while, he apologized and weirdly made me promise to not repeat this to anyone. Even if he never admitted it, he knew that he was jealous.”
Firstly, the truck they had used the night before was gone. Castiel couldn’t understand how Dean hadn’t foreseen this possibility as he had deliberately left the keys for anyone to grab. And yet, Dean wasn’t too perturbed by this and argued he could simply borrow someone else’s.
And Dean enjoyed the rest of his afternoon with Castiel. Though their conversation didn’t exceed more than this in term of content, Dean had to admit that his mood had drastically changed for the better by the end of his shift.
“He’s okay. We both are.” Castiel looked at Dean sternly, prompting him to add, “We did have to go to the hospital this morning, though.”
“If this comes out,” said Henriksen, shaking his head and smiling widely as ever, “ain’t nobody who’s gonna help you then. Only one place—one person—would accept you and help you against this. And the good news is that, for some dumb reason, she demands you at her side.”
vibe, the kind that made Dean hold his tongue on more than one occasion, Castiel still acted decently towards him.
Castiel showed him the sequence once more, slower this time, with Dean mimicking step by step, as best he could. At first, this method seemed to prove itself beneficial. While Dean certainly wasn’t executing them as quickly, nor as gracefully as Castiel, he was getting the hang of it. Halfway through the sequence, however, when Dean struggled with the position of his arms, he suddenly felt Castiel’s touch.
So, on the very next day—fed by a moment of folly, no doubt—Castiel found himself on the side of a dirt road in Tuscany. The van he had taken with a small group of tourists to visit the vineyard Dean was staying at had dropped them off at the main building’s entrance to a gorgeous property.
Quickly, he managed to shield himself from broken glass by covering his face with his arms. The next thing he knew, reacting to the attack, he then hit his assailant with the door, knocking him down. As fast as he could, Dean stepped out of the car, in the hope of disarming the other man.
Castiel couldn’t do anything but stare at him in utter confusion. Dean stepped even closer, resting his other hand on Castiel’s shoulder.
And once they arrived at the Kline’s residence, he felt like it had been a good call on his part. The Klines’ home was impressive, to say the least, thought Dean, the moment they had stepped into the foyer. Perhaps not in terms of the vastness of the property, per se, although it was certainly big enough to fit his apartment more than three times over, but it was rather the luxurious décor and rich vibe of the place that made him think so. The large art works—all originals, Dean was sure—the high ceiling, and the white marble floor were major indicators of that fact.
Even though there were still plenty of seats left in the back, the three of them stood behind that last row, as they waited for the introduction Becky had previously mentioned. Based on the couple of people coming back and forth on the stage, following the event manager’s directives, it appeared that the event was running slightly late due to technical difficulties.
“It does,” said Sam, smiling. He handed Gabriel a mug. “I was carrying it earlier on my way to the bakery. And since I don’t have a tree…”
“Ah. Yes. Winchester,” said the man behind the desk. He was tall, middle aged with very short silver hair on the side of his head. He gave the men in front of him quick directives prior to dismissing them both, along with the security guard, and gestured for Dean to take a seat.
One good thought. One positive thought, amongst the heaviness of his fears and hopelessness, to focus on.
Knowing full well that it was pointless and that he simply had to resign himself to the fact that it wasn’t Dean’s style.
Dean froze, causing a few cards to fly out of his grasp. “Um, I’m not sure. It just never happened, I guess.”
“Well, now that this is all out in the open, it makes everything less complicated of sorts. In terms of introduction, I mean. So I’ll get right to the point. I have information to share. Information that I think would be greatly beneficial to you both, and if you hear me out, I think you’ll accept my proposal.”
“Dean, I—I’ve… I’ve been disappointed by so many people. And I know that’s not your problem, but it would have been nice if, for once, I could have seen that sometimes things can get better, too. Even when it doesn’t seem like it.”
“That was very nice of you,” said Castiel to his son. “Now, go upstairs. I’ll be there in a minute.”
He knew he shouldn’t listen to Naomi, but everything she had said had mirrored Dean’s thoughts. His expectations. His fears.
On his knees and off the couch, Dean gave Castiel a long slippery kiss as he held him gently by his neck. Resting his forehead on Dean’s, Castiel asked him, “Are you sure?”
Talking to Sam had helped. Dean still felt down about Castiel and was somewhat embarrassed by everything he had said to Sam, but at the very least, spitting it out had considerably lessened his pain.
His legs and arms were shaking, and before it got even too much for him, Dean stopped, breathing heavily.
Dean stared at him, pursing his lips. And then rolled his eyes in defeat. “Fine. It was Halloween and I was having a bad day. Like a really bad day, and I love Halloween so I was pissed about that.”
Child Dean hadn’t said it in a judgmental tone, but rather as a matter of fact. And yet, Castiel couldn’t help but feel criticized.
“I want to. If you don’t mind. I’ll probably be reading, so here or in the living room, it doesn’t make that much difference. Save for the bed that’s warmer.”
Dean wrapped his legs around him. His free hand caressed the back of his neck. His touch was warm and surprisingly gentle.
“I can’t explain why, but I have to leave this here,” he told him, putting it on the nightstand. “No snooping. You can’t use it. But it has to remain turned on in case I get a text. Can I trust you to not mess around with it and to let me know,” he said, lifting his personal cell, “if I receive a text?”
If he had felt exposed a moment ago after what they had just done, it was nothing compared to how exposed he felt now.
And since they had already made plans to spend the day together, at least Castiel didn’t have to worry about Dean’s whereabouts then.
Dean leaned back on his seat and was looking straight at him. As though he was waiting for him to say something.
And the next thing he knew, Castiel was sucking on his tongue, with one of his hands easing down on Dean’s ass. He rammed him towards him, and squeezed hard.
“I’m not sure. I still spend it with my family, but—I don’t know. Maybe at that point I’m just wired and fed up by the holiday frenzy to actually enjoy it surrounded by a large crowd? Although…I—maybe I—” Dean moved his leg.
The library, the room just ahead of them, had been turned upside down. Books were scattered all over the floor. Chairs, tables and lamps were broken and tossed around.
On his way there, however, the entire room suddenly turned its attention to the orchestra when the piano had joined in on “Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas.”
He had found some comfort, however, in the fact that Sam seemed to be looking forward to the move. Which had not surprised him. Sam had always managed to find the positive side of things. Far better than him, in any case.
“And I freaking hate it. We always get screwed when people are clear about the details. I’m not super thrilled to find out how this one could backfire on us.”
As Castiel remembered very much, the sole reason why Sam and Dean had been able to help, and ultimately save him from himself all those years ago, had been because he had surrendered himself to them.
Ugh. For the first time in days, no one was chasing them. Holding them hostage. Torturing them. They could have finally done something else,
“Yup. You—you said something. Something that… I wondered if you had let it slip on purpose. Which then made me think I ought to do the opposite and that my involvement may, in fact, be beneficial for those three adorable dorks. And then I thought, maybe you also knew that I would think that, and this is where the insanity begins and why I’ve always made a point of staying away from it all. But I wanted to take the time to mull it over.”
“My old roommate,” said Dean, sipping on his coffee. “He had to leave town for a family emergency a couple of months ago and I was supposed to bring his stuff to a friend of his, but…I…forgot.”
Fortunately, however, a nice and jolly blond woman showed up next to him, bringing a plate of sweets she had managed to grab from the display of food.
“Yes. Sorry, yes, it’s fine. Of course,” assured Dean. He was then met by a strange expression on Sam’s face, reminiscent of the harsh look he had given Castiel a moment ago, probably indicating to him to get his shit together.
This time around though, Dean made his way home at a leaden pace. He knew he had blown his curfew. He knew he would be in trouble, and even if he was aware that stalling wouldn’t make him avoid the outcome, but rather simply worsen his situation, he still dragged his feet slowly on the sidewalk.
“No, I didn’t have any plans. I just did what I usually do on Fridays to give you your night. Especially since it was Valentine’s Day too, so…you know. Which is—I didn’t want to say anything before because I felt really bad, but I’m so sorry about ruining your night. That was the main reason why I told Sam to leave you alone. And now, you haven’t mentioned anything about Hannah—and she obviously wasn’t here when we came back—so she must be pretty pissed.”
Their destination was just a few hours away and they had planned a mid-way stop to stretch their legs. The trip started out agreeable. They were both in good humour, and though they didn’t speak much, it was peaceful, thought Castiel.
Dean shook his head, amused at his friend’s eagerness. Chitchatting had never been Dean’s cup of tea. But these days, socializing only occurred on a monthly basis. Sticking around for a few minutes wasn’t the worse idea, he judged. After all, not much must have happened during the previous month.
Within the next hour, Sam and Castiel were back at the Roadhouse Diner, cheerfully joined by Gabriel this time around. Gabriel was already seated in the same booth they had used that morning—the Novak’s booth, as Gabriel called it.
“Then what happened?” said John. Judging by his father’s expression, Sam deduced that John wasn’t shocked by this information.
And despite the fact that Castiel had meant every word, Dean, pursing his lips, was obviously not convinced.
As she consulted one of the books from the library, which took much longer to locate than Sam would have preferred due to the room’s disorderly state, she listed a few ingredients that they would need. With Rowena’s private stash and what had survived from Team Free Dark’s destruction of the bunker, they were still a few ingredients short.
Henry smiled, nodding. “Still there, you know. It’s changed a bit since then, but it’s still there. I know one grandson who would fall off his horse if he could see you right now.”
Dean was still staring at the ground. Castiel expected him to ignore his question or flat out refuse to share this information, but instead he told him, “Can I tell you later?”
Feeling his voice growing uneven by the end of his sentence he paused for a moment, trying to regain his composure.
Duma stepped into the hallway and kept the door open, letting a group of men and women exit the conference room.
And the shop was on the other side of town. Dean had been tempted to head over there immediately after leaving Lisa’s house. He wanted this part out of the way so he could get to the one he was looking forward to the most (even if he was equally dreading it): speaking to Castiel.
Now alone with her youngest son, Mary thought it was the perfect time to remind him of the rules they had set.
He slid the door open and found a switch to his left that turned on a very faint light in the center of the ceiling.
By settling on the crucial points, however, which was executed with calm and understanding, he found more than just relief.
So far, however, Sam hadn’t been the submissive, empty shell Dean and Castiel had told me about. Which was a huge relief.
Sam opened his mouth to say something, but he judged that telling Dean a snarky remark would probably be in poor taste in that moment, so he simply nodded at him.
Castiel squeezed his hand. “I heard what you said. Well, I heard and felt you every day since, but I heard your prayer at the archway.”
Dean shrugged. Talking to grown-ups wasn’t exactly what he considered a thrilling activity. Of course, there were exceptions.
At first, Castiel thought the tree was rather small, but once inside, along with the rest of the furniture and themselves, the tree looked gigantic.
“It’s bad enough I woke up in the living room when daylight’s already here with no memory of either of my children checking in the night before, as they should have—there is no excuses there, absolutely none,” he said in a shaking voice. “But on top of that, I got to wake up to Jody phoning in to inform us that she just answered a call about a vehicle parked suspiciously at the corner of Knight and MacLeod. A car with broken windows and traces of blood around it. A '67 Chevy Impala matching
And then, watching Dean melt, hearing his soft moans and seeing his reactions to his fingers inside him—fuck, he was literally biting the fucking sheets—Castiel, not able to help himself, impulsively slapped Dean’s firm ass.
“Um, yeah. A record player that’s—”He swallowed hard and the next thing he knew, he blurted out, “Must be for someone special.”
And they continued dancing slowly. Castiel was grateful the lights were dim otherwise he was convinced it wouldn’t have taken him very long to notice people staring at them.
Armed with his good old Slim Jim tool, tucked into his jacket, Dean gained access to the vehicle shortly, and after he hot-wired the car, he and Castiel finally drove off.
They stopped at a food stand they had noticed on their way into town to load up on food for their way back.
Dean did the same when his fingers grazed Castiel’s bruised ribs and wrists. Not a wince. Jolt. Or tremor.
“I—um, I also wanted to ask,” he said, unable to comment on what Sam had just said, “how is everything at the, um, ranch?”
“Dean,” he warned him. He tried to push through, but Dean caught his arm, and the next thing he knew, Dean had his arms wrapped around him tightly.
After a short, somewhat agonizing, pause, John said calmly, “Now, let’s try this again. Does anyone know where Castiel is?”
And before Dean had time to reach the handle, despite rushing towards the entrance, the door flew wide open.
“Hmm. Well, you get to scratch that off your to-do list,” he said jokingly. He leaned back in his seat, fixed his tie and observed Dean intensively for an instant.
The fact that he couldn’t warm up was not a good sign. It reminded Dean of Castiel’s price to be here with him.
“I’m already looking after Ash and little Donna while their parents are doing just that,” said Mr. Redfield.
Castiel, with the saddest eyes ever, shook his head slowly. “No, Dean. I wasn’t lying. I have never lied about that. I always maintained that I hadn’t harmed you. And I meant it.”
Dean turned around abruptly to find Samuel at the other end of the aisle, standing behind him and Sam.
They walked through a mini maze made of snow that was harboring impressive ice sculptures, one of which, Dean insisted looked like Castiel.
“I know. I know I fucked up. And I am so, so sorry about that. I’m sorry about a lot of things, but Cas, I swear I am telling you the truth. I’m the one you’ve been texting with all this time. Me.”
And Castiel bit hard on his lips as he sure as hell was not about to share that piece of information out loud
Dean shook his head. “Nope. Everything has been taken care of today. I was just about to take it off the burner.”
“We could. Yes. Or we could also just do that another time instead too. Like right now, for example. Before going to bed. Just tell each other something about ourselves that the other one doesn’t know. Not about our day, but about ourselves. Maybe that way it will help making it…”
“Be that as it may, how is it, really?” asked Samuel, which made Dean refocus his attention to him. “Nothing else to add about the job?”
“He was under our responsibility while he stayed here,” added John. “We need to make sure that he's okay. I also want to know why he suddenly left without a word, because that is very unlike him.”
He entered the room as subtly as he could, wishing to not attract any attention to himself. He simply nodded and smiled at the people, and then, without meaning to, his eyes fell directly on his aunt Amara, who was heading in his direction.
Castiel hurried down the hallway after he insisted Donna helped herself to a small orange juice, at the very least. He entered the bedroom carefully, not wanting to disturb Dean. He simply swapped a jacket and nicer pants for himself quickly.
Sam let out a laugh. “Sorry. A few more weeks and it will be all over. And it’s better than last year, right? Since you’re at the
And without any additional words, Castiel ambled down to Dean’s bedroom, shut the door and sat at the edge of the bed.
he feels exactly the same way. The perks of being the little brother: you see everything because people don’t notice you around. You know what I’m talking about, you being the youngest sibling yourself.”
But thankfully, after a short hesitation, and a glance at Castiel, he gave them a firm nod, admitting defeat.
“The only reason why Commander Henriksen reached the cargo ship before us was because he was on your trail, Dean. It wasn’t until he had you both as prisoners that we even knew Purgatory was in trouble,” admitted Ketch. “That’s quite the exploit as we make a point of knowing everything.”
The rest of the place consisted of a kitchen area with a wood burning stove and small booth. Next to it, a large front window was giving view to the woods around them. On the other side of the room, facing the window, was a couch and a small coffee table beside it. Then a door, which Castiel had deduced was the bathroom. A fireplace was on the next wall, and right next to it, below the large front window was, of course, the bed.
“One issue at a time. We’ll deal with Chuck later. Our priority is Gabriel,” Sam reminded them. “How can we make him take us seriously in the middle of all this?”
Finally, well past nine o’clock, he heard footsteps on the porch. He eagerly put his book down and stood up, facing the door.
Sam’s door was still slightly open with no sound coming out of it, thus leaving no way of knowing who was in the bathroom.
“You expect me to just follow you home?” said Castiel, crossing his arms over his chest. “We just met. I don’t know you. We’re in the middle of nowhere. You could be a murderer for all I know.”
The exception would be Hannah, perhaps, but she had never done this. And everyone at work knew her anyway, because she had accompanied Castiel to multiple staff holiday parties.
Castiel took a deep breath. “And what about now? What if—Dean, I—I know you said—you probably have other plans, but would you like to spend the day with us?”
“I don’t know. If none of it had happened, Cas would still be in cryo. And Dean would still be in trouble and searching for you. And
Castiel flinched. He knew what his father’s car meant to Dean. The fact that he had preserved it so well all this time was a statement of how much Dean cherished that car.
“And what about that one?” asked Dean, nodding towards the blue and green splatter of colors that resembled a Jackson Pollock painting.
After cleaning up, knowing that Samuel was half-dozing off in the living room in front of the news, Dean hurried back to his bedroom.
“I’m sure everything is going to be fine. And it’s great you guys get to see them, too. I’m sure they are thrilled to see their grandson and their son-in-law.”
While Henry asking him to be there for Dean, stating that he valued his skillset and also wanted to help him because of his family, were all good reasons for Castiel to be part of Dean’s life and aid him with the ranch, none of this actually explained why they needed to be married in order accomplish this, however.
“S’awesome,” said Dean, in mind-boggling disbelief at what he was staring at. “How—where did you get it?”
Castiel shifted on his feet. “I’ll restrain from apologizing again because I fear I’ll simply embarrass myself. But, please, know that I really didn’t mean to deceive you. Or offend you. And if—”
family.” Castiel frowned. “I mean the one you’ll build for yourself, perhaps. If that’s what you wish for.”
Thus, once noon was almost there, with a heavy heart, Dean made a run for Castiel’s door in the hope of agreeing on another day for them to visit the festival.
Which was actually really encouraging, even though I wasn't exactly thrilled at the idea of cozying up to Venandi.
But Sam could not stop laughing, so much so, that he soon disappeared from the frame, still roaring with laughter.
And the idea of a goodbye kiss crept into his mind. But the thought that his first and only kiss with Dean would have been the one of a goodbye kiss, depressed him immensely.
Dean’s fingers met Castiel’s, and expecting him to push his hand away, Castiel was surprised when Dean twisted himself to face him.
And even late at night, when the sun was down and the air had cooled off a little, so it was bearable to stand by the stove and cook himself a quick late meal.
Dean knew the worst was yet to come, but for now, he was grateful that Samuel had considered Sam’s state and concluded, like him, that the poor kid just needed some sleep instead of a lecture.
“For the longest time I thought it was because of Henry. With him gone, I thought people started to slack. Mistakes were made. But no. This had nothing to do with Henry. This was about having a Novak attached to the place. Just by principle, that made a lot of people nervous. Even the ones who weren’t in the know. That’s what caused certain bees to get real reckless.”
