____________________________________________
"No, no I don't think we ever were."
"P-pull out til it's just your cockhead inside." Howard gasped out instructions to Steve, who complied automatically. "G-good now give it all to me, Stevie."
"Cease your coddling and show the man what your science has wrought for him!"
He rolled onto his side, looking over Steve and giving him a vague smile. "I want to bury my cock in you, Steve Rogers."
"Steve I'm sorry."
The only sounds the pair made were soft, breathy groans, and the various clinking sounds bits of their uniforms made, dog tags, buckles.
"Hmm?"
"No, seriously, he's from a place called Asgard. He's like a prince or something." Tony leaned against the doorframe, watching amused as it sank into Bucky's mind.
God above it felt huge. Stark grinned, swatted Steve's hands and shook his head. "None of that now, not yet. Not until we've expended some of this energy." Howard stated with a grin. If the grip Steve had had on his hips were any indication of his strength-- well, Stark knew he was going to have ten finger-shaped bruises on his olive skin in the morning. "We have all night, after all."
"But you are in hell Sargent Barnes."
Though presently, as Bucky was making himself a ham sandwich it was all that was on his mind. The feeling of the other man's lips in his memory made him so distracted he let the ham slip from between the bread.
Slowly, he crawled to Cap, letting his head drop to the other man's lap. He let his cheek brush over the bulge in his pajama pants, then his mouth ghosted over the plush material, lingering over the spot soaked in precum.
"Good show of sportsmanship there, Rogers." Howard Stark stood up from where he was sitting, putting an unlit Chesterfield between his grinning lips.
"And God above, if you could see the hungry, possessive way he looks at you when you aren't looking."
He gripped Stark's jaw in one hand and glared down at him. "I can't do this, Howard." He began. "I've only ever been with Bucky, I mean sure I've kissed a few girls and, and, and--- besides! I'll hurt you! I don't fully understand my strength just yet." He rambled, stumbling over the words in an effort to get them all out.
After a few minutes of this Steve groaned, digging his nails into his hairline. "Tony you're being so quiet and it's. . ." There was a time Steve would have said peaceful but, now it was unnerving, worrying, "it's scaring me." He said, unable to keep the edge from his voice.
____________________________________________
When the doors opened on a sterile looking laboratory all glass and metal, a voice from above-- Friday's voice-- announced.
Cap's tongue slid past Tony's lips and Tony's eagerly met it. Somehow Steve always tasted like fresh mint, like he'd just brushed his teeth. Tony's body started relaxing against Steve. His eyes flew open as Steve's tongue slid over the roof of his mouth eliciting a moan. He pressed himself against the other, silently asking for more.
Bucky looked up with a start. "Cryo?"
The finger slowly slid inside and Steve waited for Bucky's velvety hot insides to relax before he began to move it. He was surprised to find Bucky so open already.
Tony's lips wrapped around Steve's fingers, licking them clean. "Mmhh" he moaned.
Steve sat in silence for a while, trying to process Howard's words. What a bleak man.
Well, that or he knew Bucky was so unstable that having to go through protocol get to him in case of an emergency was more of a hindrance.
Tears rolled down out of the corners of Bucky's eyes. He just wanted it all to stop.
Bucky couldn't fight this. He wasn't going to win. Mostly because of the deep guilt he felt. The Stark's were two of the faces that haunted him.
However it did nothing to quell the knotting of his stomach. He couldn't fuck this up, he just couldn't. Not again. He had a lot to say and a lot to answer for. If he could get the words out.
he feel about Bucky? They'd been best friends for as long as he could remember. They'd had sex a few times before and during the war but, they'd never spoken about it, never named any feelings. Just friends, til the end of the line.
"Too long." Cap breathed, palming himself through his pajama pants.
"I mean, we can't keep him like that forever." Tony tapped the glass again.
There is some brief dubcon in this chapter, be warned.
Howard nodded and lead the way, not up the steps to the front door but down a path to the left.
"I could fall for a fella like you." He said in his usual cocky, jovial tone. With a soft chuckle he leaned back in to take Steve into his mouth.
"How far?"
And not just during this instance. Ever since he found out you were alive."
"There is something though. Something that's bothering me, my dearest." Steve pulled away and leaned on the table. "You're hiding something. Tell me, now."
He cleared his throat and climbed in. After all, Peter had ridden with him.
"My cock could cut glass, Steve"
Fuck, he hadn't realized how tired he was, he'd just got home and this latest ton of bricks fell on him.
He'd never really had someone go this slowly, take this much time, with Buck. . . Well. He pushed the thought away and focused on Howard's lips. They felt simultaneously like fire and ice to him. Each time they met his needy skin Steve felt a jolt that traveled down his spine and somehow ended up in his groin.
What had he gotten himself into? He tried a fifth time to reach up and touch the comm in his ear, but the pain in his right arm was white hot, searing through him worse than the shit Zola had injected him with.
"Thank you Steve." Bucky breathed. Bucky's body was aching at a cellular level for the man standing before him. He longed for the way things were, the comfort of being close to him, the reassurance he felt when Steve would ground him with a simple touch.
say shit like that again Barnes, do you hear me?"
When he made to get back to his feet, Tony held him down, making him stay bent over the table.
The pain. The first time the Soviets had tried the decrepit tech on him it was barely operational. It nearly killed him, he'd convulsed for ages and when he came to, he was put right back into it. He wa---
Bucky backed up against the counter, eyes wide, he resisted but Peter was so strong. He wrapped his arms around Bucky's neck and pulled him in. He kissed him hard and deep, with all the clumsy eagerness of an excited teen.
"Fucking hell, Petey?"
"Are you and Mr. Stark okay now?"
When at last they stopped Steve felt like he'd toured half the estate at least. The wing of the mansion they were at had a high domed glass ceiling and long windows down the walls. When Howard opened the door Steve found himself lead into a dimly lit and cavernous room.
Tony frowned. "Buck, come on. I'm trying here."
Bucky's wide, panicked eyes locked on Steve's as he tried breathing with the man.
"Nh-- ahh! Cap!" He found himself gasping out as Steve flicked his tongue out over his rigid nipple.
Every time Steve paused he got a "let's not dilly dally!" Or "times wasting, Rogers."
"You were brought here by Tony Stark and Steve Rogers. This is Avengers Tower."
"Thor put him back, he's not well enough to--" Bruce began in a defeated tone.
Peter sighed and went into detail about bank robbers and bullets and skipped entirely over whoever his "friend" was.
Steve smiled fondly and let Tony work.
Bucky scoffed.
Bucky shifted but remained mostly boneless in Tony's arms. "I thought as much." He murmured.
. I realized I had to take responsibility. I realized I had to do the most good I could do." He let Bucky's fingers trace all the thick scars and tried to ignore how safe he felt with the touch. "More importantly, I realized that I have the capacity for good in me. That's the pivotal idea, the notion of goodness. If you think about it objectively it seems like some lofty philosophical thing. . . But the truth is, we all have the capacity to be better. You're a good man, Snow White."
, Barnes."
Howard grinned almost looking at Rogers tenderly as he popped his hips, eliciting a sweet moan, deep and lustful.
That hand was at least twenty feet away under a piece of smouldering debris.
"Then relax."  Howard wiped his mouth again before softly kissing him. "Don't be embarrassed, don't hold back." His hand snaked down his torso and gripped Steve's wet, dripping cock. Stark's free hand gripped Steve's and guided it to his as well.
When he noted his hand clutching the frame--his left hand-- was flesh and bone, he nearly dropped the photo.
When Bucky came back to reality, screaming, it was Steve he latched onto.
"James Barnes where did you get to?" He looked up just catching the hem of a skirt passing around the hall corner. Kitchen. He remembered that, the kitchen. Laughter drifted on the breeze now. Or perhaps it was just in his own mind, a memory?
Steve fucked him through it, his hand finally wrapping around Bucky's cock and milking him for all he had.
"Everyone?"
"Ride me." Steve lay back against the headboard, tucking both hands behind his head.
"Are you feeling like that, Bucky?"
Bucky scoffed. "Dandy." He shot back.
"Yeah. I guess. Can I ask a question?"
Just as Tony started to relax, just as Steve saw his wide brown eyes welling; movement behind him caused him to snap around.
The list was thankfully short, a few papers to sign, one quick lunch with Pepper and a visit from Peter Parker. Oh. And Bucky. He had to check the arm out. Well, Petey could come for that. It'd be entertaining and educational for the kid and besides, he decided he liked seeing how much Bucky struggled understanding the strange and unusual guests of the tower. His reaction to Thor had been delightful, just wait til he met Spiderman up close and out of the suit.
"Wha-what?" Bucky's hips were slightly rocking almost against his will.
Steve's words sent a jolt of pleasure right through to the tip of Tony's cock. He groaned and nodded. "Yes, Captain."
Steve took an apple from the dish and just held it in his hand. A hand still that still startled Bucky at how big it was. Steve's hands were still elegant, not bulky or anything, just
Steve’s hand twitched to reach for his phone, even though he already knew there were no messages from Tony. They still weren’t on speaking terms.
Clint and Natasha were also in the kitchen, intently watching the scene unfold. They looked ready to spring into action the second things turned sour. Clint must’ve been in the middle of making a sandwich. Assorted lunch meats, cheeses, and vegetables were laid out on the counter. If this went on much longer, the fillings would go bad. And were those
The response was hardly above a whisper.
The soldering iron in Tony’s hand slipped and brushed against the fingers holding a wire in place. “Fuck!” Tony put the tool in its stand and stuck his finger in his mouth, trying to blink the wetness out of his eyes. Clearly he wasn’t going to be handy for a couple hours.
?” Tony gaped at the file down in his hands. It took everything in him not to say
“No. Haven’t heard from him.”
“Nah, you don’t need to be worried. I’m not planning on jumping. Even though you have to admit that it’d be a hell of a shock for the tabloids. ‘Tony Stark Jumps Off Manhattan Bridge! You Can’t Make This Shit Up!’” He spread his hands out like he was showing the headline of a newspaper.
I don’t give a flying fuck that you’re in a mood right now. If I recall,
Clint accepted it and was pulled to his feet. “Fuck you, we’re watching Die Hard just because you said that.” They were both laughing as they started down the ladder. Clint went first so he could make sure ‘Mr. My Shoes Cost More Than The Empire State Building’ didn’t slip.
He broke out of the trance and nodded, allowing himself to be led back by Thor. He was a familiar presence right at Steve’s back. Clint showed up next, filling the space immediately to his left. Bruce was Bruce again, and he was pretty much asleep on his feet, only being held up by Thor. After Coulson arrived to take over with the med team, Natasha came and placed herself right in front of Steve, blocking most of the scene a few paces ahead of the group.
Tony looked away, hiding his eyes. He nodded and slipped his hand out of Steve’s grasp. Quietly, he said, “I’m sorry for saying that stuff about Peggy and the Commandos. And Bucky.”
Bruce, shyly, spoke up. “If it’s all the same to you, I think I’ll walk back.” He didn’t need to tell them he needed the time to cool off, that he needed to not be in the small space of that car. They already understood. The green flecks in his eyes spoke volumes.
Thor didn’t need to add anything. Instead he just offered up the bowl of popcorn. A high honor in that tower.
A second passed, and then another.
He stalked towards the street and whistled for a taxi. As he shuffled in, he muttered quietly, “maybe I’m the only pathetic dumbass here that thought we were a family.” The others could hear him tell the taxi driver as he was closing the door, “I’ll give you a thousand dollars if you get me to Avengers tower in less than 10 minutes,” and then he was gone.
A moment of silence passed between the group, broken suddenly by Clint’s quiet “fuck”.
“I should shove you off myself for making me worry. Ass.”
“Could I trouble you for your company?” Thor asked. He was also upset from the situation, but someone needed to be close to Bruce in case his green alter ego decided to make his displeasure known.
“He’ll be fine, Steve.” Natasha said to pull him out of his thoughts. “We’re going to the hospital right now, okay?”
He couldn’t breathe anyways.
Tension Steve hadn’t even realized was there bled out of him. He sighed in relief and gave a small smile. It felt like things would finally start returning to normal.
they were having, just that something was to be had.
Tony had stopped his cleaning during Steve’s apology, and turned fully to consider him. The man was standing stock still and hadn’t taken a single breath between words. His voice had stayed steady and gave only the slightest inflection.
And then he was off.
have anything to apologize for. And second, don’t you dare treat me like a child.” Steve crossed his arms over his chest and puffed up tall, glaring down at Tony.
want to belong. Tony took a small step towards Steve and tried to relax himself. “Listen Steve, we’re all here for you and just want to help you adjust. You can ask us for anything. You belong here with us.”
Those bastard animals had even torn some holes in the suit.
"Okay now, Bucky, you wanna try moving your fingers?" His fingers? He moved the ones on his right hand.
It was Tony's turn to smirk wickedly.
"Whatever you wan-- whatever you need, Cap." For the first time since the parking garage, Tony leaned over and pecked Steve's lips then went back to his phone. It offered little comfort to Steve.
Steve gave him a disparaging look.
"I'm a goddamn
Bucky's cold metal hands came to rest on the burning wound. It was so soothing and the sound Peter made was practically obscene.  "Oh god Bucky that feels so good." He mewed, throwing his head back.
" Steve groaned and pushed back from the table.
"Yeah and you're gonna regret that haircut in the morning, so." He stood and stretched hard, heading for the bedroom door. "Breakfast is a yes then?"
But Steve was already head over heels for Peggy Carter by that time.
"Was he mind controlled?"
Tony followed.
"Because Rogers saw some modicum of
The bedroom door was the next thing to be obliterated.
"Hop in." He instructed as he took his place behind the wheel. "You'll like it I promise." He assured Steve, patting the passenger seat.
"So what about my ar---"
He reeled back, covering his nakedness with his cold metal hands.
"No. No this is . . . This is done. Don't touch me any more, Stark." He held his hands up in front of himself. "I'm not a toy. I'm tired of being a toy. I'm. . . I'm leaving." He retreated into the bedroom and came out a moment later with an old olive green backpack. It looked like it had been packed for ages.
He replied before he could back out.
The gold faceplate shifted away, revealing Tony's face. "Just making a little welfare check." Tony stated looking only at Peter. "All good bud?" He put a fatherly hand on his shoulder.
He'd actually had Friday patch him through to softly deny Steve in his own voice.
For once it took Tony a few moments to try and sort his words.
Bucky wasn't sure if it were an accusation or a plea. "He got shot." Bucky offered most unhelpfully.
The kid had tripped and fallen over an old beer bottle and scraped his knee. All this before his spider-sense kicked in.
He pressed a few times on the glowing reactor on his chest and his Iron Man suit began flying into place.
"Bucky has left the Tower with Peter Parker." There was an edge in the A.I.'s voice.
Bucky needs to make Tony shut up. Make him stop making sense.
When Steve hesitated Stark barked out; "Go!"
Tony knelt down beside him, putting down the apple he was eating. "I'm here. You're safe." He reached out and put his hand on Bucky's chest.
He wanted to take Barnes apart.
told me about Howard, to hurt me. He used it against me. I wasn't even important enough to you for you to keep it in your pants after I got my papers; after I was fighting the
Bucky's head snapped to the side. "A nerve? You still keep her picture in your compass? All faded and worn from staring at it all lovelorn?"
Tony groaned into his mouth, encouragingly.
"Yes, Captain Rogers. Dr Banner returned early last Monday."
"Living room." Bucky's voice called back. "Want a sandwich?"
They didn't land anywhere near base, instead they landed at Stark's private hangar, following a transport jet in.
"Hmm?" Howard seemed to be almost dozing as he continued to relax with his eyes covered.
Just as he caught sight of the reflection of himself in the window, a young boy with a plaster on his nose, missing a front tooth, the sound of rustling fabric and heels on the  worn floorboards made him turn. No one was there and, when he turned back to the window he was looking at himself as he'd seen in the glass on the photo.
Tony, emboldened by need, slid his hand between their bodies and gripped Steve's clothed cock. It was his turn to smirk at the strained sound Steve made. "Are you going to take that suit off?" Tony purred, "I kind of prefer Steve Rogers. Never fucked 'Captain America' before" he snarked.
"You're going to have to earn it." He leaned in and roughly claimed Tony's mouth.
"I-- I didn't even get to. . . You know."
"What? My nerves are. . . Shot." He passed Steve the glass of water.
"Hm?" Tony kissed his jawline. "Problem?"
"What're you doing here, Stark?" He grumbled.
He could hear Tony behind him scrambling to get back into his clothes.
"Spiderbaby. I know you." Bucky teased.
"What?" He questioned, looking up to the man across from him.
"Buck, I don't think that's such a --"
____________________________________________
In his waking life, Bucky was arching off the ground screaming. It did nothing but further injure him.
He shoved Steve back and rubbed his jaw.
"You're going to go there and give me the show of a lifetime. You and Bucky." He leaned in and licked the shell of Tony's ear.
Only two? He stretches hard and lays back on the cushions, trying to process everything.
It was hot inside, and Stark's walls gripped the digit tight. "Mhhh" Howard groaned, when Steve experimentally curled his finger.
Steve's pants were around his thighs, pale and statue-like in the moonlight.
Maybe there was some hope.
Steve licked his lips and tried steadying his voice, it quivered all the same.
And then the only way to turn it off was to blow the damn thing to smithereens.
There’s a moment afterwards on the roof that Tony thinks he and Pepper could be something more. The air is hot and thick from the explosions and adrenaline is high and they’re so close he can smell her luxury perfume without even trying. They’re only a breath’s width apart but she pulls away at the last second, the stress of everything being too much to handle. She resigns as CEO.
in his voice.
“The service ladder,” He glanced at Clint, raising an eyebrow in question. “How’d
When Happy asked where the rest of the group was, Clint just shook his head.
“Every time you force me to watch Die Hard, I’m gonna add an extra 24-hour delay on your arrow production,” Tony said as he sat in his spot, not as stretched out as usual but also not uncomfortably stiff. He turned to Steve and gave him a small smile. “Hi.”
“The courtyard,” Tony answered. After a pointed look from Steve, he tacked on “
Natasha had clearly been slicing an apple, and it looks like she’d reluctantly set her knife down.
did you get up here?”
wearing plain shirts. But it was for the good of the cause, so he did it anyways.
He booked it up the stairs to see Rhodey, rage in his eyes and a photograph in his hands, being held back by Thor.
Tony thought idly, sipping on his glass of water. He briefly remembered Clint spending the better part of an evening trying to take the perfect selfie a few weeks back, claiming that he needed to wait for the “golden hour” so he could get the perfect “gram”. Whatever that meant.
Clint turned away from the glass to see Natasha, Thor, and Bruce heading towards the room. Natasha tilted her head towards the glass in reference to her question.
And wow did being Iron Man feel great. Being a hero, fighting for the people that couldn’t fight for themselves, it was unlike any feeling he’d ever experienced before. Tony was giddy: high on the thrill, on the satisfaction of doing something good. Iron Man’s debut was a huge success. The public loved him, couldn’t get enough of the red and gold.
he thinks as his car flips in the air, the front end completely sheared off from the electrical whip. He manages to un-lodge himself from the car and barely escape attack after attack when he begins to wonder how he’ll get out of this without revealing his secret. Happy has the suitcase armor and god only knows if he’s on his way. Even if he shows up with the armor, Tony would have to put it on in front of millions of people. Not the best way to keep a secret. He
Except something was off.
Tony had shown him a video of the creation of the Mark III, once. He’d looked so young.
Service ladder, now that was probably the smart way to get to the top of a bridge. Certainly not the route Clint had chosen.
Tony glanced down at him. “What, you enjoying the view too much?” And he stuck his ass out a little for emphasis.
get up here?”
It really had been such a nice evening. Food was shared (or maybe Clint stole a dumping off Tony’s plate and almost got a fork in the hand for it), tales of heroism were recalled (Thor sharing about his time on Asgard), and overall good company was had.
“That thing we had to do for Strange last week. C’mon you know those bug creatures I’m talking about. I took a hit to the face plate and got this for my troubles. No big deal.”
Well that had lasted long.
He looked tired.
Clint was laughing with him, some of the worry easing its way out. The night air had just started to cool off, so it really was a pleasant evening for taking in the scenery. Even if it was at the top of a hundred-year-old bridge.
They’d all taken quick showers and dressed in the least remarkable clothing they owned. For Bruce, that was easy. A casual button down and some khakis did the trick. Steve and Thor had to wear something slightly looser to hide their bulk. Nothing screamed “Superhero” like bulging muscles. Thor loved hoodies with big pockets in the front and Steve made do with a light fitting jacket. Natasha sported a similar jacket to Steve’s. As she passed by Clint’s room, without even looking in she gave a sharp “no.” He always tried to wear skin-tight leather pants when they went out and somebody always had to stop him. He gave a whine and went to change into regular jeans and t-shirt. As for Tony, unfortunately the press had gotten wind of every single one of his looks. From his sharp tuxedos saved only for galas, right down to his little lacey undies he was wearing in a leaked home sex video taken in his pre-Iron Man years. He had to throw on a ball cap and some completely unfashionable sunglasses along with his non-ripped jeans and a plain t-shirt.
Bucky shivered as Tony's breath ghosted over his ear.
"Hey, hey, look at me." Bruce gripped his chin lightly and made Bucky focus on him. "Breathe with me." Banner walked him through a series of breathing exercises, repeating them til Bucky seemed to be entirely at ease.
they were talking about.
The aggressiveness of it startled Steve and his teeth sharply grazed the invading appendage. Now it was Howard's turn to gasp out a wanton moan.
"Do you still hate me?"
Didn't he?
"Tony, there's just a few things we gotta talk about." He rubbed his thumb over Tony's lower lip. "First, are you okay? I can tell you're not, so moving on. What can I do to help you?"
He leaned back heavily on the window, panting raggedly. "Fuck, Tony."
Bucky's own were likewise half-off, around his knees.
"Then i guess you're something I'm going to have to come to terms with too."
He didn't realize he was sobbing bitterly until he felt Peter pulling him in tight and close with his uncanny strength. The kid mercifully didn't say anything or pose any more questions. He just let Bucky cry.
God only knew how many miles he'd run before he stopped, barely out of breath, just a bit sweaty and overall content.
He didn't think it'd actually happen but. . . Cap just seemed so pure and innocent anything vulgar from his lips was so
"Hey, are you. . . Tony Stank?"
"Who said I wanted you to stop?" Bucky's voice was deep, husky with need.
"Copy that, Sam. I'll update." Came Steve's reply and Sam made a hasty retreat.
"Come on, we're not kids here." Tony said exasperated.
Bucky's eyes widened.
you were with me in Germany. I think I need more of that."
"Yeah. He thought I'd erm, sullied your virtues."
He became vaguely aware of talking from the comm in his ear. Was it Russian? No.
"Leg has a waterproofing issue. Hurts." Bucky's voice was tight.
"Thank you, Tony, for back in the lab. You didn't have to let me. . . You know."
The Quinjet had just made it out over open water when Steve finally looked around.
"James~" the voice came again, soothing away the fear before he even registered it. The voice lead him to a tiny bedroom. He was confused at not finding anyone inside.
It wasn't easy, picking over the rubble, he kept nearly misstepping or sliding on loose stone. It reminded him of the war it looked like a bomb site.
In spite of Tony behaving like a sheer and total brat, Steve found no resistance when he actually tried pushing into Stark's mouth. In fact he received a moan for his efforts. After a few shallow thrusts into Tony's mouth, the smaller man pulled away. "If I'm doing this I'm doing it right. Let me." He blurted out before Steve could silence him again.
Natasha sent a text to Happy and started towards the street. “We’re heading back.” Happy pulled up a moment later and she flicked her thumb towards the car. “Let’s go.”
Tony gave him a cheeky grin. “When have I
Clint quickly tried to backtrack. “Hey sorry sorry! We’ll just go back to the tower. No big de-“
Steve’s eyes couldn’t tear away from the other man’s arms, toned biceps and other flattering muscles accentuated by the sleeveless top he was wearing. The knit fabric was tight across his chest, and the hem across his waist was starting to hike up. A sliver of skin was visible, and Steve suddenly found it hard to swallow.
He was thoughtful and sincere and wouldn’t hesitate to give everything he had to make someone else’s life just a smidge better. Everything he did, he did to improve people’s lives.
They were finishing up their meals and thinking about hitting up somewhere for coffee, or maybe going to see a movie. Clint was giving details about some new comedy he wanted to see when everything went south.
“I said ‘
Unexpectedly, Tony gave a loud bark of a laugh. “Well, you see, I’d suddenly found myself up pretty high and I just wasn’t entirely sure I’d be able to make it back down. And you’re the only person I know who can go from being perched in weird places to on the ground in minutes.”
“Colonel Rhodes, sir.”
Steve caught his break the night of that fancy party Tony had to attend.
When Steve thought about Tony, he was afraid he might actually swoon.
Tony rushed into the kitchen and stepped in Rhodey’s line of sight, “Whoa whoa, what seems to be the issue?” He gave Thor a nod, who released Rhodey and stepped away. “I thought you were coming in Monday, Sugarplum?”
The next few seconds happened so fast, no one could honestly say what had happened. Only that when it was over, Tony had ended up on his back, slightly propped up with one elbow and the other hand covering his left eye. A look of disbelief spread across his features.
The quick trip over had been uneventful, and so was dinner. They’d gone to a quiet little area in the city off the main paths. Several restaurants lined a small alcove of picnic tables and urban shrubbery. Lights had been strung between each restaurant and a small fire-pit sat in the center. It looked like something out of the Midwest, not in the middle of a giant metropolitan city.
Steve groaned when he realized he’d thrown everything Tony had done for him to the side like it hadn’t meant anything at all. He felt like such an ass sometimes.
I’m gonna kick your ass! We’ll see how you like it!”
body guard.”
He’d thought Steve felt the same way.
Slowly, Steve’s smile slipped off his face. He took a deep breath, and grabbed Tony’s hand with both of his.
But the best part of the future was Tony.
Time seemed to stand still, and everyone held their breath. Nobody liked when mom and dad fought.
Both Tony and Steve took a step closer to each other. Neither one was the type to back down from a challenge.
He scooted his chair impossibly close to Tony and finally looked him in the eyes.
Clint expected the man to look scared, or sad, or even just tired. But he just looked content.
Steve somehow managed to move closer. He was heated from anger and you could feel the restraint flowing off him. “You better stop while you’re ahead.”
causes him panic. He brushes it aside quickly. There are other things to worry about.
The team had been sitting in amicable silence on their way back to the tower. Natasha was cleaning her equipment and stowing them away in their proper places. Tony was flying the quinjet. Okay well maybe Jarvis was doing the majority of the flying, but Tony was making sure nothing went south. Steve was writing up the details from the incident to send back to Shield with Coulson. The Hulk hadn’t made an appearance, so Bruce was reading some science article, in a chipper mood. And Clint and Thor were in a yelling match about what to have for dinner.
a home anymore!” Steve shouted as he slapped Clint’s hand off his shoulder.
[ SENDER: metal ass ]
In the next moment, the movie started and everyone settled into comfortable silence.
“It’s the damn recycling! I never know what goes where! It used to all just go in the same bin but now it’s a complete damn mess!”
For instance, even if technology could be frustrating, it was still so impressive. The ability to communicate with anyone on the planet and keep up to date on the whole world’s news was amazing. People were so creative. And art, books, science, and anything he could think of was so easily accessible now.
“That place is
“For Christ’s sake, Tony, not everything is about you all the time! You don’t have to take everything so personally!”
Tony was exhausted to say the least. He’d only just dealt with Stane a few days ago and it’s been nonstop debriefings and company meetings and putting out fire after fire since then.
An explosion far to his left. “It’s finished. Hulk and Thor are taking care of the last of them. But it’s over.” He paused to swallow. “He ended it.” The finality of the statement was like a ton of bricks raining down.
“The truth is…”
The same could not be said for Tony Stark.
and put on house arrest until he sorts his affairs. Agent babysits him while he watches a lovely and not completely full of shit home video from his dad.
sorry.” He paused. “And I shouldn’t have hit you. I’ll never forgive myself for that.”
Bruce flipped another page in his book. “Tony will come around eventually. He just took it the hardest out of us, is all.”
Tony seemed to perk up slightly, so Steve started his spiel. He and his counselor had been working on the finer points of his apology over the last two sessions, and he wanted to make sure he got all the points right. “I know I haven’t been very attentive lately, and even though I’m allowed to have these feelings about my past, I shouldn’t have let them interfere with my relationships now. I wasn’t considering how the things I was saying affected the people around me. I’m sorry I didn’t consider your feelings as I spoke about my past. I will be more thoughtful of my actions in the future.”
Steve sighed "Not to sound . . . Ungrateful for you checking in, but what are you doing here now?"
"And I guess I gotta go along with it cause as long as there's some part of me you can
"F-forgiveness, Captain?"
"If it makes you feel better. If it gives you come closure, Tony. . . Just do it." He gripped Ironman's wrist and put the repulsor dead bang to his temple.
In his haste he'd left the crutch, his clothes and, the sole towel in the entire bathroom laying on the sink on the opposite side of the room.
The air was followed by searing hot lips.
He marveled at the way he could feel the suds and the individual strands of his hair with the metal hand as he worked through the neglected mess. Shit, it was at mid-back now, he should cut it.
"Bucky. Do you want to talk?" Steve put the cup of meds on an end table, slowly making his way toward the other.
Bucky shook his head, no, he felt something. Uncomfortable, a little violated. "Yeah, like kissing a little kid." He wiped his lips and went back to flipping pancakes.
was the mistake, Tony. Not you. Your . . . Your dad was not the best person."
Bucky paled further but nodded. "You said you could do it today?"
He was having a difficult time relaxing, he kept jumping at every sound as if expecting some Soviet spy or Hydra agent to crawl from any nook or cranny.
Tony stood and joined him, gathering him up in his arms. "He had a pulse when they brought him in twelve hours ago and nobody's said any different." He pressed his lips to Cap's temple and held him tighter as Steve's shoulders began to shake.
____________________________________________
Another shock of fresh pain sent him pitching forward, he tasted bile in his throat.
"What happened?" Tony had laid down beside him on the floor.
>" the guard barked in German.
"We stopped for Chinese." Steve laughed.
"Howard?"
His eyes took in the tiny desk, more of an end table from the rubbish with a chair pushed up to it. Several sheets of paper were spread on it. Drawings. He remembered them all. Coney island, a drunk on a bench, him.
But now, now he realized he was alone again. Steve was gone.
"You still want the arm, right?"
"Tony it's 4:30 in the afternoon." Steve stated a little confused.
It was a very tight fit. God it burned but it likewise felt so SO good. Bucky couldn't believe this was finally happening. He pushed his ass back on Tony even though the man kept chiding him about patience.
"Barnes? BARNES?! Do you copy, Bucky?!" Sam's voice.
"I know all about trying to not feel things. Believe me." Dr Banner had a vague and sort of sad look on his face.
Peter lowered himself slowly down onto the bed beside Bucky. "Seen a dick before, man. I'm a teenaged boy, half my life is spent thinking about dicks and seeing dicks in locker rooms." He laughed. "I'm not exac--- oh
"Were you jacking off to my photo?"
Steve cautiously closed the distance between them, catching Tony's chin between his thumb and forefinger. He tilted the smaller man's head up so he could look at him in the eye.
"One day you'll wake up 'n realize s'not your fault, man. I promise you its not your fault.
He'd just said he loved Bucky out loud. That was monumental for Tony. Maybe a little tricky.
"Good" Tony sounded a little unsure of Bucky's decision but wouldn't protest. "Let me go talk to Bruce. I'll set up a time. . ." He was up and moving toward the elevator.
>I'll meet you in the morning. The roof.
"Poor heartbroken Steve Rogers, the man out of time. Hit me, punk."
Banner passed Tony a glass of water and two pills. He knew Steve wouldn't take them, so he tossed them into his own mouth.
He slid his hand to Tony's neck, lacing his fingers into the back of his hair. The pad of Steve's thumb moved in a soothing circle just under the man's jaw.
Tony was presently sitting on the kitchen floor, drinking what was likely his eighth cup of coffee. An array of parts were fanned out in front of him. Some of the pieces were no bigger than the head of a pin.
"And Steve?"
"Right? Pulled back one more time from oblivion? Why?" His chest was tight, he couldn't breathe. "Steve I don't feel right!"
"It's been over a year and a half."
Finally at the school, he pushed open the gate to the area where kids usually practised their track and field skills.
"I'll keep watch, Buck." He lay back on the couch cushions and didn't let go of Bucky's hand.
"No."
Steve rolled his eyes and ripped a large portion of the chest plating away. He'd wanted to take this slow, tease Tony, make him squirm, but Tony's words were like a challenge. He'd get him out of that tin can alright.
He did a lot of that lately. Pouring over old books. The phrasing, the vernacular the settings made him feel at ease.
"Your first time, tell me." Stark switched nipples, drawing more pretty sounds from his partner.
Tony quirked a brow at him.
Steve stepped close and ran his hand over Tony's back.
He was wearing nothing but a pair of loose sweatpants and getting his dick out to piss was easy enough and the bathroom small enough that he could lean himself against the wall while he took care of it.
The first sip felt too carbonated, the taste metallic. How long had it been since he'd had a pop?
When the doors opened he didn't expect to see a bearded Steve Rogers, carrying a little cup full of pills.
"Here you are, Rogers, state of the art. Best Gymnasium money can buy." There was a running track, carpeted in some kind of rubber-like material that cushioned the step. There were dumbbells in the corner, strange equipment Steve didn't have a name for and in the center was a swimming pool. It's reflection dancing on the walls in the light of the rising moon. Was it already that late? Steve almost hadn't noticed.
"Love you too."
"I was
"Then that was barely a Tony Stark strength dose. C'mon Cap." He pulled Steve to his feet and guided him toward the elevator.
Bucky's breath came in little shudders. It had been too long. Too long since someone had touched him like this. In spite of his growing excitement he lay still and let Tony touch him.
"Night and day you are the one. Only you beneath the moon and under the sun."
Stark's tech still impressed Steve, still seemed like magic.
We're they coming for him again? He felt like he'd only just succumbed to sleep, why were they waking him?
"Good. I'm sending him to his floor. Give him fifteen minutes."
"I can set something up." He promised and gave Bucky's hand a reassuring squeeze.
____________________________________________
He reached his hand out to tentatively touch it, almost as though it might bite him.
He barely registered Steve speaking to him and had to focus hard when he repeated himself.
This was hard, not talking to Tony. It was hard closing his heart to him. It made Bucky feel sort of sick and sore inside. They'd been through a lot. Sometimes it was hard to remember they were both human because Bucky barely felt like one.
Steve closed his eyes, shocked when tears rolled down his cheeks. "Bucky I love you. I always. I always loved you."
Then there was Tony. He was filling in the gaps. Putting substance to the weakest spots. Making him do things that pushed his limits. TV for one, and food.
A concentrated beam from Stark's suit cut through the ceiling above him. A steel girder groaned dangerously bending inward as it's structural integrity was compromised.
"Don't call me that."
He leaned back and used it to slick his own cock, "once more?" He cooed.
go to Coney Island!"
"Tony, it was a --" mistake? No it didn't feel like that. "I should have talked to you about it. I should have been more considerate to both of you."  He reached out and took the mug away before Tony burned himself on the coffee.
"Tony did you sleep?"
Something dangerously tugged at the edges of his mind so he dropped it and focused instead on washing.
"Shot!?" Tony demanded, voice going up half an octave. He coughed. "Peter show me."
Howard laughed and lit up another cigarette. "That bad huh?" He flipped the file closed and put it back where he'd gotten it.
Bucky licked his lips, tasting Tony on them.
Bucky hesitated, he was going to nod but thought better of it. He owed it to himself to be honest.
After a while of the treatment Howard pulled away, slipping out of the tub altogether. When Steve didn't follow he grinned over his shoulder, leaning to brace himself on the porcelain and oak sink basin.
Bucky felt even more self conscious that Peter had placed himself between him and Tony.
A string of cursed and pretty moans were in constant supply from his lips as Steve did indeed fuck him.
Steve's words were like magic because after all the build up Bucky was suddenly
"Stevie" he moaned out, shifting his hips so that their dicks pressed together. Bucky's jeans felt far too tight, far too constricting, the way his cock was quickly hardening against the zipper. He'd have words with Tony later about modern fashion.
Now that it wasn't in such a clinical environment, Tony pressed his fingers to Bucky's chest in an entirely new way. He was exploratory, curious. His fingers slid over each of Bucky's nipples, teasing them to hardness.
"Yes! It flows behind me most regally! It makes me feel very fancy!" Thor was smiling wide, he had a kind face. Bucky was vaguely reminded of a golden retriever.
"Off with them then." Steve's tone had Tony trembling. He fumbled shakily with his pants, thankfully he was just in old jeans and not something that explicitly required a belt. He'd never have gotten that undone. He slid out of the garment and it joined his shirt in a pile. He blushed realizing he had entirely neglected and put on underwear that morning.
"Y-yeah?"
"Surprise me." Was that an attempt at humor?
Tony was stunned into silence he turned around and exited the room. The whole thing was unbelievable. He couldn't stand in there a second longer.
He found that he loved the way Howard's mustache slightly tickled and the way his teeth felt against his skin.
"Hey Petey?" Tony interrupted, starting to catch on to a few of the tells that Bucky was entering a rough mental patch.
Steve smirked and slid down kissing a trail to the top of Tony's pants. He knelt up and practically ripped them down. The only thing he paused to do was toss Tony's sneakers off one by one. Then Tony suddenly found himself naked in a German parking garage.
"Worse, it . . . I just let it happen, I knew it was happening and I let it." If the expression was any indication, Steve was more wounded than angry.
His tongue circled the puckered rim of Tony's entrance, pressing lightly now and again, just barely entering him.
"He kissed you?" Banner asked and Bucky nodded slowly, brow furrowing.
Dr Banner nodded. "Mad science and all."
Peter groaned and covered his head with Bucky's vacated pillow.
"Hey, hey Stevie, don't C... Don't cry. This is okay." He let his eyes close. "You're here with me this time."
Some hot-headed suits from the white house give him shit about democracy and whatever, and he gets to make a fool of Justin Hammer in front of a live audience. The thought of someone knocking down his doors and taking his suits only
Steve tried to answer but Tony cut him off. “And do you even care that what you’re saying may be affecting us? Have you ever considered how we feel hearing you always talk about not wanting to be here? Fuck, I won’t even speak for everyone else but
“Well if you’re going to act like a child, I’m going to treat you like a child. There’s no reason for you to be throwing a tantrum! What even is your problem tonight?”
They’d only gone a couple feet when Clint stopped.
But now…
Clint slapped a hand over his face in exasperation. “Yes, that makes perfect sense. Unlike maybe coming home? Or going to a hospital? Those would have been totally unreasonable options.” Clint gave the stain a good hard look, and decided it actually was just a scratch. Had it been any worse, he’d have put up more of a fight to get it taken care of. “Bruce can take a look at it when we get back. You ready to go?”
“What kind of person gives their boyfriend a
[ SENDER: Nat ]
That earned him a soft laugh.
“Peggy was by your side 100% of the time, right? She never had anything else to do except take care of you.
He started to advance on Steve, and everybody in the room tensed up. Tony put his hands to Rhodey’s chest to give a little resistance. “Relax, relax! There’s no need for you to defend my honor. It was just a misunderstanding. He didn’t
that it’s after hours on a Thursday, those incompetent assholes at Shield shouldn’t have been left in charge of this.” He must’ve been on a call, since he tapped his ear to shut off a communicator. “Always left to fix other people’s mistakes.” He was shoving a stack of miscellaneous tools and papers to the side of his desk, clearing a space for the new files. “I do
Or so Tony had thought, but he wouldn’t really know, would he.
Steve nearly reeled from that. “You guys were upset too?” He asked in disbelief, giving a glance to the four of them.
, Tony thought he might just burst from joy.
“How’s the rest of the team? Any mutant animal rabies?”
They met in the garage where Happy was already waiting with a car. It was a very short limousine that could easily be mistaken as just another fancy car with some new, weird, stretched-out frame. It was inconspicuous enough to get the six of them around.
For a moment, the whole charade that was Tony Stark faded away. There were dark circles under his eyes, even though it was a bit difficult to make out under the fading bruise on the left eye. His facial hair wasn’t its typical neat trim, instead threatened to be overtaken by a couple days without shaving. The grease in his hair wasn’t the typical stuffed used to style it for events, instead probably the stuff he used to oil up DUM-E’s joints.
Tony remembered thinking there were worse ways to go.
Because unlike
Tony heard the shout from the kitchen and had half a moment to consider just turning around and going back to his lab.
he’d seen a fucking chihuahua in the mix, before finally reaching the source.
Tony gave a brief pause to stick his finger at Steve’s chest, “I have a day job.”
Tony looked like he wanted to say no, but he let the adult in him win this time. “I’ve got about ten minutes until I need to make myself presentable. Sorry if you were hoping for longer. You caught me at a bad time.”
Bringing himself back to the present situation, he wondered how long he could feign sleep before someone noticed. He was sure at least one person was in the room, if the warmth and weight around his hand was anything to go on. It was nice, just laying there, not having any responsibilities for just a few minutes. It was nearly peaceful.
“Yeah, never thought you’d actually go to a professional,” Clint chimed in.
the one who pushed for all this “team-bonding” bullshit.
Steve, being on the receiving end of the tirade, looked absolutely miserable. His eyes were downcast and his mouth was set in a tense line. He looked like he wished Thor would just walk away so Rhodey could land a couple of good hits.
Tony moved into Steve’s space, inches from his face. “My
Thor, easily entertained by even the simplest foods, wanted an obscene number of pizzas ordered to the tower. Clint, with a remarkably unpredictable pallet, was craving something more refined. No one else could have cared less about
have time for this thing tonigh- oh.”
The line went dead and Tony put his head in his hands. It had been a whole week since that stupid fight with Steve, and he’d been miserable ever since.
He swallowed and tried to not let it worry him. “We don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want.”
Natasha didn’t show her surprise, but Steve could tell it was there. Thor made no such attempts to conceal his shock. “That’s quite a noble endeavor! I am pleased you have sought out assistance.”
flinched at the mention of Steve, but quickly reeled himself in. “Ah out doing who knows what. Probably destroying a punching bag or giving some kids a lesson on justice and morality.” He didn’t pause to give Rhodey a chance to respond. “Back to the suit. When are you stopping by? I have that rich people thing next week and a board meeting a couple days after, but I’m free the rest of the time. Really, I can’t have you out and about protecting our assets with outdated tech. Tsk tsk, are you trying to give me a bad name?”
It had been about an hour in, when Tony realized they weren’t going to win that fight. Clint and Natasha had all but run out of ammo, Thor’s charge was starting to wane, Bruce had been hulked out far too long, and Steve couldn’t toss that frisbee forever.
The next couple of days at Avengers Tower were tense at best, hostile at worst. Thankfully, through Tony and Steve’s crafty avoidance of one another, the worst was never reached.
But he’d let himself get so caught up in the negative things lately that he completely ignored all the wonderful things about the future.
And that was that. Tony was still just Tony Stark, and Iron Man: a nameless superhero.
Steve suddenly looked stricken with guilt. He really had been an idiot lately. Of course they’d all be hurt by what he said. They were his family too and he’d dismissed them just as badly as he’d dismissed Tony.
Rhodey sighed and threw his hands up. “Fine! I’ll stop by on Monday.” He went to end the call but stopped. “If something’s going on, you can talk to me about it. Just give me a call.”
Steve understood. It wouldn’t save Tony, but he would at least be able to see him.
Tony was no stranger to self-loathing, but hearing Steve dismiss their home and their family like that really was like taking a bullet straight through the heart.
Six months pass with hardly an incident. Tony reinstates the Stark Expo and-
Time goes on, the toxicity in Tony’s blood continues to rise, and he makes more less than perfect choices.
Normally, Tony would be half draped over Steve, half periodically shoving his feet in Clint’s face.
Rhodey reluctantly let himself be pulled away. As they were leaving, he looked over his shoulder and shoved a finger in Steve’s direction, “Don’t you
for trying to keep this team afloat. I should just be at your beck and call every moment of every day, right? Just like everybody from your
Nobody made a move for a few seconds, and then the tensions bled out of the room. Clint spoke up first, “Shit, I thought something was gonna go down.” He picked up a piece of cheese, took a bite and waved the rest of the slice in Steve’s direction. “You’re lucky Tony showed up. I don’t think Thor coulda’ held him back much longer.”
Some coordinates popped up on Clint’s phone and he headed to the garage. Even though it clearly stated this wasn’t an emergency, he was still a little on edge. Tony
Rhodey’s phone started to ring and he stepped out to take the call. Probably some military official wanting to know more about the incident at Stark Industries.
He gave a little sniff and regained his composure. “You want my body guard.
was.”
Rhodey gave him a scrutinizing look, his gaze sharp. “We’re not done talking about this.” He looked around the rest of the room, or at least what he could see from the screen. “And where’s boy wonder?”
That really hadn’t been the answer Clint was expecting. He laughed back at him, “You can be such a dick sometimes!”
And god, sometimes the future could be hard. It certainly had gotten easier since he’d first woken up, but he still wasn’t accustomed to the little nuances that made up this century.
“Why me?”
Hands were on him suddenly, pulling him back. He struggled in their hold until Natasha stepped into his field of vision.
and jeez, I don’t know what I would’ve done if you didn’t make it.”
lied to you, Rhodey-bear?” He batted his eye lashes dramatically, hoping to end the interrogation quickly.
He curled up on himself, trying to shrink his massive size. “I really screwed this up, huh?” He sighed. “I’m sorry I said that about you all. You guys really are my family and you didn’t deserve that.”
“Tony, not to be an ass, but how the
“Iron Man yes. Tony Stark…
Steve cleared his throat and shoved his hands in his pockets. “Uh hi, sorry, I didn’t mean to interrupt.” God, he sounded like a nervous teenager. “I was hoping I could talk to you for a few minutes.”
“The ladder, of course.” Clint carefully sat down next to Tony, just close enough that their shoulders were touching. He paused, taking a couple of slow breaths and surveying the situation. He didn’t want to say something out of place and risk a potential splat on the pavement below. He figured light humor was probably the best way to go. Tony always responded well to that.
“I did!” He retorted, a little too fast. “I mean, I told him I was sorry, but he said it wasn’t genuine or sincere or something to that effect.”
but it just felt so right at the time. C’mon Rhodey! You of all people should know I’m terrible at keeping secrets. I probably won’t last a week with this one.”
And Steve had to admit, Tony really had been going the extra mile for him lately. He was trying to make him feel more adapted to the new century.
Steve choked back a sob. “T-tell me… what… is there anything I can do?”
Steve took half a step back and threw his hands out in an act of frustration. “It’s not just the trash, its everything in this century! I’m always confused and everything is always changing and I just don’t belong here!”
Steve looked surprised for a moment, and then suddenly broke out in laughter. “Oh like you’re one to talk.” He helped Tony sit up and take a couple sips of water, being mindful of all the bandages and swatting at his hands when he tried to yank out his own iv. “How you feeling?”
This led to the city being swarmed with hybrid feral animals/stolen Chitauri technology. Since the tech was no longer being powered by whatever gave it energy in space, the team (Tony and Bruce) figured there was a new energy source stashed somewhere in the city.
The sun had begun its decent a few minutes earlier, and the whole street was washed in a gentle yellow glow. It gave the metal seating and building accents a goldish tint.
He’d fought tooth and nail, taken blasts from Chitauri tech and swipes from over-powered animals, and could’ve
fucking put your hands on him again.” And then they were gone.
The events from… yesterday? Two days ago? What day even was it? Whatever. The events from that fight came flooding back to him. The grotesque mutant animals, the weird alien tech, the damn ‘energy source’, which had been closer to a bomb in design than anything to do with a power station. It had all been a cluster.
“Should I be concerned that you’re literally teetering on the edge of a bridge? No offense, man, but that’s a pretty cliché way to go. Even for you.”
He tried to walk towards the med vehicle. “Can’t I go with him?”
He’s replacing palladium cores left and right, his blood toxicity rising with no signs of slowing down. He takes his first vacation in two years.
Rhodey didn’t say anything for a minute. “You’re not telling me something.”
Tony had thought they’d been having a nice evening.
Steve’s shoulders set in determination.
And every time Steve held him in his arms, smiled at him like Tony’d hung the moon, and said “
." He had such a foreign feeling pooling in the pit of his stomach.
He was trying to work out his next move as his eyes too drifted closed.
It was with a tentative hand that he knocked on the bathroom door.
"You had me listen to the first song that wasn't by Ella Fitzgerald or Ray Miller-"
"Wait, Tony who is that---"
"So that's it?" Steve hissed, a bit of anger bubbling up from somewhere deep down. "You just, just
"We just finished when you called."
"Next of kin for a Mr Barnes?" She asked first in German then in English. Her voice startled the two men who had lightly dozed off on the floor.
"Unusually am." Stark replied softly, watching Steve's eyes slipped blissfully closed. "Unfortunately it gets my heart broken most of the time." He added when Steve's breathing settled out in the rhythm of sleep.
. The metal was deep in color almost black.
The admission spurred the cold anger in Tony further. He stood and kicked Bucky clean through the living room wall and into the kitchen.
He was a poorly strung marionette.
Tony had only left Steve's side to shower and change at the motel just across the street from the hospital. He still looked disheveled, and somehow missed a smudge of soot on his forehead.
Bucky shook his head. " 'm thirsty." He replied.
"It's getting cold." Steve gestured to his plate. Steve was already eating, slow meticulous bites.
"What was I dreaming?" He wondered if he should be honest, tell the kid the horrendous things he saw every time he closed his eyes.
He was just provoking him at this point, just making it worse. But that was the point right?
Steve stood up quickly, shoving his softening cock back inside his pants as he did so. He stood so that he partially obscured the prone, naked man behind him.
The millionaire beside him made small talk but it all went through Steve's ear and out the other.
Howard thought he'd be crushed as both the legs and Steve's insides clamped down on him.
Oh, Bucky knew that guy, his name just escaped him, he'd been so focused on Stevie when they'd met.
Bucky narrowed his eyes at the boy. "I want Tony to look at it anyway." He groused.
"If I was I wouldn't have bawled my eyes out to the rest of The Commandos after you fell. I wouldn't have told them everything. All the unsaid things. Hydra took everything from me."
His breath hitched and he reached into his pajamas, lightly stroking himself. The extent of the numbness was more apparent though it was localized to the left side near the base. Not a huge problem.
, will do that to a man. Maybe he's tired Steve. And that's fair honestly. That's something he deserves. Opinion, choice."
_______
"We're not so different really." Tony offered.
She let him put his head back down on her lap.
"I don't." He stated in a breath whisper. He got to his knees and climbed over Steve, letting his his ass rub back against the tip of his arousal. He ran his hands through Steve's hair then bent to suckle a mark onto the man's neck, relishing in the tight groan that escaped him. "I wish these marks would last out the night." Tony chuckled, nipping Steve's earlobe.
"Yeah, Cap?"
"So, what were you dreaming about when I woke you up?" Peter changed the subject.
"You're thoughtful." Bucky agreed.
"Coma." Dr Banner lifted a syringe and Bucky braced for searing, mind numbing pain. He was relieved when the needle didn't even pierce his skin, instead it went into a valve in an IV. It did burn a bit but the numbness that followed made him relax back against the pillows.
During the war he'd come close enough to death numerous times. When Steve had shown up to save him this time, he'd been ready to confess everything.
"Ask Tony." He huffed.
"I'm. A .. a little overwh-whelmed." He breathed out, shakily.
When did Steve get such a sassy mouth on him? It made Bucky smile drunkenly. "I've grown
"Never done this before?" He asked the super soldier breathlessly against his skin.
It ended far too quickly with Tony pulling back.
Tony's body was suddenly trembling with need. He was acutely aware of of Steve
Steve gasped out raggedly when he felt lips and teeth doing their work to his neck, teasing out their mark.
Bucky and Steve had yet to have their sit down talk but Tony said he was working on it. Bucky trusted him.
"Sorry? Don't be. I deserve this." Servos whirred as both hands clenched the edge of the blanket. "I deserve all of it."
"So. . . Tony has some friends. . . He says they can fix some of the things he can't."
A text from Nat was what woke him, startling him from the beginnings of a nightmare.
"How was Snow White?"
Peter closed his eyes and nodded. If nothing else, him letting Bucky talk to Tony was gonna break the awful, heavy silence between them.
He sat wondering what it would have been like if they'd grown up in a more enlightened time. He wondered if they would have really been something.
"What are you begging now? Did she beg? Did my mom
Peter was running his hands up and down the metal arm, feeling all the seams and joints between the plates as Bucky moved it around to demonstrate.
And then he was gone again, leaving Bucky feeling like he had a belly full of eels.
Cap became frustrated and pushed Tony down against the concrete, sinking down to his knees along with him. Steve's dick was throbbing, he knew he had to slow this down, take at least a little time.
had changed so much and it was reacting to this stimulus in new and thrilling ways. Ways that were still revealing themselves to Steve.
"Tony?" He called, pulling the other man from his thoughts. Stark now held a mostly assembled mechanical hand in his own.
"She wants me to come home. F-for dinner, am I interrupting something important because I can--"
Maybe one day he'd move Steve out of Brooklyn Heights.
"I feel. . . Good. I mean, I don't feel wound up tighter than that clock you fixed earlier." He noted that there was a copper pipe running from the ceiling to halfway down the wall, it had a fluted valve on the end and Steve decided that must be where the music was coming from. "How do you feel, Howard?"
When the other man disappeared into a doorway Steve followed.
"So. . ." He tried after a moment's awkward silence.
"No!"
I-beam, the arm shredded shoulder as it pulled away. As soon as they'd gotten him on a gurney he began to seize, blood-pinked foam frothing from his lips.
He was in a cell, the remains of his arm had just been sawn off. He clutched the healing flesh of his stump, nails digging in, drawing blood. Anything to keep the burning pain he somehow felt where the rest of his arm used to be -at bay.
"I left Stevie." He said after a long moment. "He needs me."
impatient in my old age, pal." He chuckled but the sound was cut off by a gasp as Steve licked a stripe up the length of his cock.
Bruce nodded slowly. They were looking at a full body scan, hovering a few inches above Bruce's tablet. Several parts of Bucky's anatomy were highlighted in yellow.
Bucky fought it, he fought as Tony managed getting his tongue into his mouth and when Tony's thigh pressed between his legs.
Steve raised his hips, grinding up against Tony. "I was rough because you were being a hard-headed, asshole."
Bucky must have spaced out hard because he snapped back to the present when Steve softly called his name.
"Yeah, Snow White?" He rubbed slow circles over Bucky's back.
"We used to fight sometimes. He wouldn't really yell back at me and then he would end up going out to find some back alley thug to pick a fight with." Bucky was still pale as though teetering on the edge of vomiting again. "You never met the Steve I grew up with. Five foot nothin' ninety five pounds. But he was a damn fireball. I got him out of more scrapes than I can count but he . . . He saved me in a lot of ways. Listen at me yammering like an old hen."
"We're fighting. Remember?" With that Steve pushed Tony down to his knees with one hand. The other fumbled to free his aching cock. Tony eyed the impressive length as it sprang free.
"Friday?"
"You gonna come fuck me, Mr Rogers, or just soak your troubles away all day?" He said, trying and failing to sound cocky-- he just sounded breathless and needy.
Bucky had woken up to nightmares about thirty minutes into his little impromptu rage-nap.
"Are you okay?" Steve asked, rubbing his thumbs over the back of Bucky's hand.
"If you think I'm not still going to fuck you til you can't walk straight tomorrow, you've got another thing coming." Steve gripped his chin, forcing him to look at him, thumb running along perfectly groomed facial hair. Still, Steve knew he had to give Tony a moment.
He nearly jumped when the elevator doors opened. "Bucky?" He called as he stepped inside.
Bucky hated that he flinched at the sight of the suit. Hated that Peter felt it, based on the reassuring squeeze he got from the kid.
He felt his nose crack and blood starting to pour. "I don't understand." He stared into the glowing blue eyes of Ironman.
Tony put the box of Lucky Charms back and pulled out his phone. "Pizza? Maybe . . . Wings too?" Tony was talking more so to himself. "There, ordered."
Cap bucked his hips, rocking Tony harshly. "I said ride me, Stark."
"Steve this all has to stop. This is the most unhealthy situation I've ever been in. Why didn't you just let him leave?"
" Bucky's fist came down on end table to his right, cracking it in two. "What am I Steve?! And what did I do so bad in my life that I keep falling into these situations? First I'm Hydra's puppet now I'm a Stark Industries science project?!"
"Tony." His voice sounded small and broken but at least he was no longer sobbing.
Tony came so quickly he was ashamed. He gasped out only a moment before he spilled into Bucky's throat. "Oh God! Oh my fucking God!" Tony practically screamed out. Bucky sucked him through it, milking him for all he had, until Tony whined.
"I've kept it in my pants for more than a year and I find out, not from
Doctor.
"Right there." Thor nodded again, stepping back. "Banner! You must repair the broken one!" He exclaimed.
"Steve. Fuck me." His voice was a needy whine as he begged. "Please."
The medical team obscured him from Steve's view.
Steve didn't register much after that as the long thin box made of bullet proof glass descended the ramp. He didn't approach as it was loaded into another vehicle, bound for Avengers Tower.
Taking notice of Tony's tense tone, Bucky sat up and gave him his full attention.
"You're incorrigible." He groaned, taking himself in hand.
He'd repeatedly shit on what he and Bucky had. Bucky went out with girls but it was a defensive mechanism, how he remained stealth back then. Steve was only just understanding that.
It was only half a minute before Bucky heard the elevator doors slide open a room away.
Bucky observed Tony with bated breath. He let those eyes study him, those wide, beautiful eyes. There were honey tones amid the deep brown and a perpetual spark of wonderment.
That was a thing wasn't it? Steve hadn't been there for most of Bucky's mental recovery, didn't know how bad it was those first few months. The night terrors, the nearly getting killed in traffic when a memory would grip him so hard he was no longer present. The rebuilding of his soul as he tried to come to terms with the man he used to be and the gun they'd made him into.
Peter nodded.
"Has it stopped you from wanting to do it again?"
"You know I was in love with him, right, Mrs Rogers?" He pressed his face harder into her skirt. "I loved your son."
"That's it! Th-there!" Tony cried as Cap's cock assaulted his spot. He writhed beneath the other man, Fingers digging into his biceps. When Tony finally came, it seared through his brain and body like a jolt of lightning. He saw first only whiteness then stars, then Steve's face above him.
What had those damn HYDRA assholes done to him?
Their lips were millimeters apart, they could feel one another's breath.
A voice beside him startled him so badly he flinched-- he never flinched.
He still had to sort things out with Tony.
Tony's Olive toned fingers slid lightly over the contours of Bucky's ass. Bucky shivered, goosebumps appearing on his skin. His fingers lightly slid between the cleft of his cheeks and over his hole. "Tony?" Bucky groaned in question.
"Where the hell do you get off Steve!?" He shoved him, hard. "We're done here. No more. No more using me."
Tony signed for the package and took it back to the couch where Rhodey was wiping tears of laughter from his eyes.
The mere thought of Zola when he was in such a weakened state made all the suppressed memories surge back.
Howard just chuckled and fumbled getting a ring of keys from his pocket. They were standing in front of a fuck-me red Mercedes-Benz 540k special roadster. Steve let out an appreciative whistle. Of course Stark would be driving something this ostentatious during wartime.
"So, we've been skirting the subject," Tony began, easily skirting yet another. "I kissed you. We cool?"
"I want the leg."
"You didn't know it had already started did you? The shit Hydra did to me? The first doses of their shitty replica serum. The torture?"
____________________________________________
If the reason was so sound, why was Tony's hand sliding up Bucky's thigh?
Steve shook his head and approached the tub, sitting down on the edge of it, with just his lower legs in the water.
"I-- i kn-know." Bucky was trying to lift the steel with his Vibranium arm.  "J-just finish it." He lay back amid the debris panting and staring up at Tony.
"Please!" Tony yelped as Cap began lightly pumping him. Cap just kept smirking and moving his hand along til it was practically coated in precum.
They were both silent for a long time. It wasn't an uncomfortable silence.
Was it? Bucky tensed up and slid away before he did anything stupid.
Brief implied non-con.
"Is that so?" Cap said, leaning forward, passing a gloved hand over Tony's rigid prick. The sharp intake of breath from the other man made Steve smirk.
Steve watched as he disappeared behind a shipping container then turned when he felt Tony's hand on his forearm.
