"He's still with the injured woman. The ambulance is on its way." Lestrade had barely got the words out before the sound of sirens echoed through the lane. "That'll be them. Go on, go to him. We'll take care of this young man here... I'll need your statements on what happened here later on. Best you come by the Yard. Two hours, okay? We'll be done here by then."
John carefully places his hands on Sherlock's knees and looks up, straight into the stormy blue eyes. "Yes, I've done it before... in high school… was a long time ago. I was a pretty curious boy back then, you know?"
If his body wasn't going to behave the way he wanted and his alpha was going to interfere with his work, the time had come to put his plan to get rid of John into motion.
John sat down on his chair opposite and rested his elbows on his knees so he could lean toward Sherlock. He gave him a searching look. "He's not wrong... Somehow it never came up. Although I can't say we were in close contact before either. We were more like study buddies," John offered as a half-hearted defence.
"It's not much different than what your alpha's suggesting, William. When we're about to go into heat and he's not interested, or is too worn out from another omega's heat, he offers us to his friends, colleagues, or business partners. Sometimes in exchange for money, sometimes for other favours. They're often bonded alphas who miss the thrill of the chase, or who have grown weary of their own omega."
Victor's eyes narrowed slightly as he observed the lecturer from the side. There was a forced indifference to his manner: apparently he wasn't entirely uninterested – not at all – at least where Victor was concerned. And Sherlock had no idea what a walkover the man would have been if he'd only mustered enough courage at the beginning. But the day was far from over...
"I'm not finished with you yet..." Victor rumbled between two kisses, catching John's stuttered breaths. He rolled onto his side, pulling John with him so that they lay spooned, wrapped his arms around John, and held him pressed close against him. He penetrated John's body again, running his hands possessively over John's sweaty torso, hips, and deflated cock. He kissed John's shoulder and nape, licking the salt from his skin. He rolled his hips at a leisurely pace, enjoying the steady slide in and out of the searing heat.
"My train will be here in ten minutes," he said and stood up, slipped into his coat, and straightened his collar. He leaned down to Victor and whispered close to his ear: "Call me when you're back. Maybe we can continue this conversation then. The two of us... or all three. We'll see."
They'd spent the afternoon in instinctive proximity. Whether dozing lazily, stretching sore muscles, replenishing their body's supply of vitamins and minerals with litre upon litre of tea and water, or finishing off the remaining scones with a pot of clotted cream – they were never far apart. Always within an arm's length of each other.
It wasn't until hands clasped his shoulders and gently pulled him away from John that he emerged from his trance-like state and blinked in confusion.
"My therapist says I'm making good progress. If all goes well, I'll be able to resume my old position at the start of the year. I'm still supposed to attend therapy for a while yet though," John explained, curling his lips tetchily.
"The things I sensed from you often made me sad," Sherlock whispered into the blue-black space. "But in the end you saved my life. I wasn't able to do the same for you," he said and gently stroked the scar.
Lorraine wept bitter tears when she finally admitted their financial situation and the loss of the items they'd pawned. When she told John that even his grandfather's and great-grandfather's medals of merit – the Watsons' pride and joy – had met their fate at the pawn shop, John left the house to get some fresh air.
Nothing had changed in the office since his last visit. The heavy wooden furniture, the lamp with the glass shade on the desk piled high with dozens of stuffed binders, the black desk chair that looked completely out of place in the old-fashioned surroundings.
"Don't play games with me, tell me what's going on. You practically attacked me last night; I think I have the right to know what this is all about!"
But that wasn't the real problem. Much more horrifying was the fact that he'd sought out the contact, even needed it. That the desperate battle had been more mutual than antagonistic. Comfort and understanding in the most absurd manner possible. Not to be alone with this all-encompassing grief, this disintegration. At least for a little while. Now the loneliness had once again assumed its place at his side, and a sense of being torn asunder – both mentally and physically – began to overtake him.
"As you know, Mycroft and Anthea used Seven to break their bond, and I was thinking... once the blocker is out and you don't need to go through any more heats... would you..." John stopped speaking and looked down at his quivering, interlocked fingers. He simply couldn't finish the sentence, but he was certain his omega had understood anyway. Sherlock's sharp intake of breath lent additional credence to his belief.
"My mother," he told Sherlock, who had stopped a short distance away and was watching him closely. "Hallo?"
The normally sharp contours of Sherlock's body looked as if they'd been blurred. Broken down. Polished to softness. Sawdust everywhere. Traces of salt on his cheeks, sure to make any stone crumble.
However, John couldn't recall the messages that Moriarty had written to Sherlock during the same time frame, and Sherlock's phone had disappeared along with him. John did remember that Moriarty had referenced the stories of Rapunzel and Red Riding Hood, but the exact wording of the clues was gone forever.
He approached the omega and cautiously ran his hands from Sherlock's white knuckles up to his biceps. His fingers found their way inside the open lapels of Sherlock's dressing gown. Slowly and reverently, he nudged the material down off Sherlock's shoulders and let it glide to the floor. He slipped his hand inside Sherlock's t-shirt and stroked his warm skin up to his nipples, which contracted to stiff peaks under John's fingers. He signalled to Sherlock to lift his arms so he could take off the t-shirt.
He knocked softly on the wooden door and opened it without waiting for a response. He stopped in the doorway and hesitantly looked around the humid, fragrant room. Sherlock lay in the tub with his back to the door. Foamy mounds danced on the surface of the water, obscuring the omega's body almost completely. Only a couple of centimetres of knobby knees were visible. Sherlock's head rested against the edge of the tub, and a folded washcloth lay across his eyes.
Sherlock threw himself onto his side and pushed his head into the corner between the seat cushion and the back of the sofa. The mere thought of last night filled him with lust and anger. How could he have been so stupid as to take the pill without any further experimentation? The initial stages of the false heat had set in so quickly that there was nothing he could have done to stop them – even if he'd known how.
It was hard to believe the waves set in motion by Sebastian's admission. Several incredible things happened in quick succession. The public mobilised. Omegas rebelled. Betas rose up, and even many alphas who didn't want to sit by and watch omegas being treated unfairly joined the cause.
Victor frowned and murmured an apology, turning his attention to John's well-defined upper body rather than the scar. He was obviously appreciative of John's regular fitness sessions. Not allowing any resistance, John grabbed Victor's hands and pulled him up with him until they were both standing. John needed a moment for his sense of balance to adjust to the sudden switch from horizontal to vertical. He was overcome by a sense of vertigo, and black spots danced in his field of vision.
. And then Victor's mouth was on his again, caressing, exploring. Somehow Sherlock managed to get a breath, even if he couldn't for the life of him say how.
He sucked and swirled his tongue around it, flattening his tongue against the frenulum only to quickly assault the sensitive nerve pathways with the pointed tip. John grabbed hold of Sherlock's curls to steady himself, squeezing his hand into a fist. The tug on his scalp and the tingling that it sent skittering down his spine like liquid fire only encouraged him. His tongue skimmed the hard edge of the glans, insinuated itself partway underneath the foreskin, then found its way back to the frenulum and sucked on it. Sherlock carefully scraped his teeth across the red-hot erection, sending a heavy shiver through John's body. He bit out a curse and shoved his cock back into the open mouth waiting for it, where he ejaculated just a few seconds later.
"Erm... hello. My name's John Watson. I'd like to do a trial training session... if that's allowed."
Sherlock wondered; theoretically, he knew everything there was to know about kissing. He knew that a kiss required the use of thirty-eight muscles, that the pulse rate increased, respiration became shallower, the adrenal cortex released adrenaline and the pancreas released insulin, that cortisol was broken down by neuropeptides in order to reduce stress, that the body temperature fluctuated, and that olfactory information was exchanged. Nothing that would justify all the fuss people made about it.
"Eighteen," Sherlock said, glaring at his brother as he felt anger rising. He had the distinct impression he was being treated like a trick pony.
At least John had taken up sports again after his hours had been reduced at work. Sherlock only got the bare minimum of information out of Mycroft, but he was still able to piece together what must have happened, by and large. After all, he knew John better than anyone else.
They latched on with nails and teeth in each other's skin and hair, frantically rubbing their overheated bodies together. Mindlessly sighing each other's names and sentimental phrases into the scant few millimetres of space between them. Tender lips on gooseflesh. The sweet pain of bursting blood vessels where they bit down. Nerve endings on fire. Shivering and shaking.
Sherlock awoke several days later in hospital. He looked around, dazed and confused, unable to make sense of what had happened to him. Stinging sensations zapped down his nerves with so much as the slightest movement. A variety of tubes were connected to his body at several points, an oxygen mask covered his mouth and nose, and a pulse oximeter was attached to his right index finger. His left wrist was bandaged, and a dull pain cleaved his thorax.
"That would be a motive, at any rate. But I can't imagine that the killer has been watching every single omega in the city to find out which one of them might be victimised by their alpha. That would be an impossible undertaking."
John got up from his Spartan encampment, frustrated. He didn't intend to go back downstairs any time tonight, so he might as well get ready for bed. He slipped off his jumper and jeans and dug around in his travel bag for the smaller pouch containing his toiletries. He steadfastly ignored the rustling of the bedsheets as Sherlock got up as well.
John pulled a face at the list, but tried not to let his discomfort show, making only an affirmative sound.
"John, I need to go out. There's another victim and I need to view the crime scene before the forensic team start mucking things up in there."
He'd awoken following a brief, restless sleep, washed meticulously, and set about ordering the new mattress right away. There was no way he was going to spend another night on the old one, not with John's scent in every breath of air he inhaled. He'd ordered new bedding at the same time, and to hell with the old sheets – no matter how high the thread count was, or how expensive they'd been.
Still, John somehow managed to flip them around with a single heave such that Sherlock ended up on his back with John on top of him. Sherlock automatically pulled his knees in to offer both of them a better angle. He moaned out loud when John initially withdrew, only to establish a rhythm within a matter of seconds that drove the air out of Sherlock's lungs.
"She's been so keyed up since you accepted our invitation. She literally could hardly wait to meet Sherlock. For some reason, she thinks he's responsible for... well, everything going down the way it did. Because of the soul bond or whatever." Bill shrugged her shoulders as she slung John's travel bag over her shoulder and started up a creaking wooden stairway to the upper storey.
"Look who’s talking!" John chuckles and reaches for the kettle, which has just switched off. Steam and the bitter smell of tea engulfs him.
John shrugged. "I'm not sure. All sorts of possibilities ran through my head on my way here; I kept going back and forth over it... After what happened tonight I'm even more confused than before."
"I swear, Sherlock, one more quip like that and I'll make sure you never get out of here!" the alpha threatened gruffly.
His mouth set in a grim line, John picked up his phone from the nightstand and typed in a short message:
Although his body signalled that it was hungry and welcomed the influx of nourishment, John didn't find the sandwich very palatable. It was tasteless, the consistency strange somehow, and the chewed-up paste difficult to swallow. Even the tea was unsatisfying, bitterer than John liked it, and he'd forgot to ask for milk. He didn't want to add sugar, since it reminded him too strongly of Sherlock, who had always taken his tea sweet. A melancholy smile tugged at the corners of John's mouth when he recalled the time he'd drunk from Sherlock's cup once and made a disgusted face.
"Grand you could make it. John, you said your omega was good-looking, but I wasn't expecting such a tall drink," Bill grinned, giving Sherlock a mischievous wink.
"I think you've had enough..." he said and reached for the neck of the bottle, tearing it out of John's hand and ignoring John's bark of protest.
"All right." Sherlock unbuttoned the left cuff of his shirt with trembling fingers and rolled up the sleeve. His became abruptly aware of his pulse accelerating as a sense of shame rolled through him. Yet Mike said nothing when he saw the old scars in the crook of his arm. He gave no outward sign of having even noticed, much less understanding what they meant. Sherlock was grateful for his ignorance.
John still couldn't fathom why Victor had allowed the threesome with Ryan Walters to go on, even though he said he could have ended the scene at any time. Why he'd allowed himself to be hurt to protect someone else from pain, rather than to seek an alternative. Even with Victor's tendency towards egotism, that kind of behaviour verged on martyrdom.
John's bed, his room – his refuge where he'd spent so much of his time. And now his omega was here, to all appearances completely out of place and yet strangely right at home. Sherlock's scent combined with the ambient smell of the room, making John's space into theirs. John's nose immediately picked up the obvious stress which his omega was under at the moment.
"You could have brought them along," Sherlock reproached him, but his voice was utterly lacking in venom.
. Undecided whether to raise the issue and sort it out before it becomes a bigger issue, John guardedly clears his throat.
The last ten days, which were supposed to have been a two weeks holiday, felt more like a nightmare. Well, the first five days had been relatively pleasant. They had spent a few nights at the home of Bob and his wife Adelaine, exchanged stories, were shown around Wellington and had shared some excellent food. John had been particularly intrigued by the meals cooked in an earth oven. However, Sarah was not impressed. She considered it dirty and was therefore satisfied with the typical English dishes that could be found on every street corner.
John reached for Sherlock, seeking something to ground him, and dug his fingers into the taut flesh of Sherlock's arse so he could pull him in even closer. He greedily caught Sherlock's panting gasp, tugging none too gently on his plump bottom lip. Their joint rhythm faltered when Sherlock allowed himself to be dragged into a deep kiss. He clawed into John's thigh with his right hand, drawing him in firmly as if trying to fuse them into one.
Victor had also been bound and gagged. Several bruises and scrapes on his face showed that he – like Greg – hadn't surrendered without a fight. He huffed furiously and writhed within the bonds holding his upper arms pressed against his body and his hands tied behind his back. A pointed kick to the back of his knee sent him tumbling hard onto the floor before the man in black grasped Victor by his blond hair and pulled his head back so that he was visible on camera. The blood-stained rag around his jaw had slipped out of place, barely covering his split lip.
Nothing – absolutely nothing at all – could have prepared John for this experience. No bragging from his alpha mates, no pornographic material, and certainly not any textbook. Not that he'd ever reckoned with spending a heat with his omega. He'd also never had so much as an inkling that such animalistic lust could even exist, much less of the all-consuming intensity of the sex act itself. Completely mesmerised by Sherlock's exquisite fragrance, the slick slide in and out of his tight, hot body, and the refreshing moisture of his omega essence, John had very nearly missed the moment when his knot had inflated for the very first time. It wasn't until he'd become aware of a throbbing pressure at the base of his penis that he'd looked down at his crotch, presenting him with an image and a feeling that he would forever cherish like a priceless treasure.
John sighed and lifted the teacup to his mouth to take a sip. He skimmed the letters until he'd found the first one, the one he and Victor had discovered, and put it in the upper left corner of the table. Next to it he placed the second letter which he had read shortly before.
"Come with me," Victor commanded, grabbing Sherlock's backpack so that he had a reason to follow. The low muttering behind him confirmed that Sherlock was obediently doing what he'd been told.
Cilia bent over toward him, laid one arm across his shoulders, and rested her head against his. "It's all right, John. You didn't hurt me. You didn't do anything wrong. It's okay," she said softly.
John swallowed hard and met Victor's eye. A little bit dazed, a little bit stunned. Victor's feelings were so similar to John's. Something had been taken from him too. Irrevocably. And he didn't know what to do with his grief and anger either.
Mycroft let out a huff of exasperation as he stepped up and slapped the folder of stiff cardboard down onto the desk. "Have a bit more respect!" he growled, leaning on the handle of his umbrella with both hands.
John squared his shoulders and strode toward him. Not waiting for an explicit invitation from Mycroft, John drew out one of the chairs which stood in front of the desk and sat down, placed his hands on his knees, and gave the other man an intent look.
After most of the mess had been dealt with, Victor retired to his old room. There was hardly anything left of his. Boxes standing in one corner were filled with all of the things he hadn't wanted to take with him to the dorm. He'd taken the posters, pictures, and photographs down from the walls and packed them securely along with most of his books and all the bric-a-brac that tended to accumulate in the course of a lifetime. The bed had been freshly made and towels were laid out for him. It felt more like a messy hotel room than his old home.
If Molly's face was pink before, it now turned bright red. She spilled some of the hot water onto the counter before collecting herself enough to set the kettle back on the heating element.
John sent Sherlock a worried glance. Sherlock had completely withdrawn into his mind palace and was probably feverishly planning what the next step would be. The double threat from Moriarty and Sherrinford carved deep lines in his forehead. It wasn't the excitement of a new case which was occupying him; rather, it was the undercurrent of apprehension that he was dealing with not one, but two men who took pleasure in playing mind games with him. Men who didn't simply see Sherlock as an annoying obstacle, but enjoyed doing him harm.
Sherlock pressed one more kiss onto John's lips before picking up his coat, draping it over his shoulders, and turning toward the end of the lane which led out to the street.
After his shower, John had only stopped by the bedroom to get clean clothes out of the wardrobe. He'd then gone into the living room to get dressed and left the flat without telling Sherlock where he was going or when he intended to return. Just like he'd used to do.
One afternoon, Sherlock was lying on the couch in the living room, dangling his long legs over the side with his head hanging down off the seat. The blood pooling in his brain gave him a sense of weightlessness, and the upside-down image of the woman sitting in the wing chair looked downright serene. Sherlock tried to decipher the title of the book she was reading, but couldn't make heads or tails of it.
Without waiting for an answer, he turned on his heel and went into the bathroom, where he slammed the door shut and stepped in front of the mirror to have a look at himself. He looked tired and unkempt, but at least he couldn't see any hickeys or scratches that John might have marked him with. His stomach clenched with a combination of anxiety and panic, but he attributed it to hunger drawing gurgling attention to itself.
As expected, Lestrade was rather surprised to see John when they arrived at the crime scene. Sherlock sent him a pointed glare to dismiss the inevitable question of whether the alpha had forced Sherlock to bring him along because he was jealous, and ducked underneath the crime scene tape.
Sherlock's energy reserves were also about to hit bottom. He tried not to let on, but his restrained yawns didn't escape Mycroft's notice. Sighing, he put down his pen and looked over at Sherlock.
John let his arms drop, having surprised himself at the outburst of suppressed emotions, and took a step back. His left shoulder twitched, and he rubbed it bashfully.
John smirked and followed his omega as he made haste to exit; he had to lengthen his stride himself in order to keep up.
"Well... no, he was more specialised in foreign affairs. This information is strictly confidential, John. Under no circumstances are you to pass it on."
"So... what's all of this here?" John asked, nodding at the kitchen table. It was littered with slides, petri dishes, pipettes, a mysterious white powder, empty pill capsule halves, various scraps of paper with formulas scribbled on them, pens, and who knew what else.
"Hey..." John replied suspiciously as he dug out his keys. "So? What's this about?" he wanted to know. He swung his key ring back and forth between his finger and the palm of his hand.
He reached one arm around Wiggins and into his pants, feeling for the other man's half-hard dick. He swallowed thickly. This was the first time he'd touched anyone other than himself. It was... weird. An unspectacular piece of flesh in his hand that firmed up within the space of a few heartbeats, gradually moving into an upright position. Moisture welled out of the tip, making the friction smoother.
Slowly and carefully, John begins to rotate his hips. Enjoying the intense feeling, he strokes Sherlock's quivering body, fascinated by every last movement, every twitching muscle. Sherlock's erection, which has eased a bit, comes to life again under John's grip and swells. A drop of pre-ejaculate forms on the reddened tip and glistens in the glow of the lamp that stands on the bedside table. John swipes his thumb over it and deliberately stimulates the frenulum which makes Sherlock squirm ecstatically under him.
As if in a trance, he signed his name on the line Mycroft indicated, then laid the pen down before the trembling in his hand became too noticeable.
Beside John, Victor sighed, exhaling the air from his lungs in a long, heavy breath before he looked up. "He's dead."
John nodded with resignation and looked around furtively to make sure no one else was listening. As an additional measure of security, he lowered his voice before continuing. "Sherlock isn't able to go into heat at the moment. He's already consulted a doctor and tried just about everything, up to and including some disgusting teas, but nothing's worked."
"Your father told me. There's a photo of you covered from head to toe in mashed potato. Your third birthday, I believe?"
Sherlock stared at the spot where his long-time friend had just been standing, unable to shake the feeling that he would probably never see him again.
John follows the request immediately, panicking a little because the continued stimulation could cause a painful overstimulation. One-handed, he fumbles the phone out of his pocket and turns off the app. The humming stops and Sherlock sighs in relief.
Victor exhaled with a hiss and gasped softly as John nipped the tender skin a bit too hard. John suddenly moved away from Victor and sat up, reached for the hem of his t-shirt, pulled it over his head, and tossed it aside. Victor's hands were all over him a moment later, sliding across his abdomen, chest, and shoulders. Recognition was reflected on his face when he saw the star-shaped scar. Of course Sherlock must have told him about it. Long fingers extended toward the pearlescent tissue, but John knocked them aside and shook his head.
With those words, John grabbed his sister's empty wine glass. He was barely able to rein in the impulse to throw it against the wall. Instead, he set it down firmly in front of his parents as a silent witness to the fact that they not only tolerated Harry's alcohol consumption, but encouraged it through their wilful ignorance. The sense of gratification he hoped to achieve remained elusive, however, as he saw not only Harry's dark blue eyes fill with tears, but his mother's as well. Sighing, he turned to Lorraine, pressed a kiss onto the side of her head, and whispered an apology into her grey-blonde hair.
When Harry arrived at the hospital, she'd had a blood alcohol level of over three per mille. An amount that could easily be fatal, especially taking into account Harry's low body weight. It was probably only due to the fact that her body was accustomed to excessive alcohol consumption that she hadn't died of circulatory failure or asphyxia. Or that she hadn't choked on her own vomit because the young man had intervened with such alacrity.
John secretly wondered whether to believe Sebastian's claim that the omegas hadn't known anything about the murders before the fact. How had Sebastian gained entry to their flats and houses? Why had none of the omegas been home at the time? And why had they all continued to take Seven, despite the fact that they supposedly hadn't known anything about the dampening effect it had on a broken bond? Why did they have additional supplies on hand if they weren't expecting their bond to be broken?
"None of it was your fault. He was playing some sick game with you ever since you were a kid; he manipulated you and used you. You couldn't have done anything about it. After all, you grew up under his influence, for you it was normal. I can't believe that no one ever knew anything about it!" With a combination of unbridled anger and helpless despair, John cursed Sherrinford for his cruel behaviour. He was tormented by the knowledge that there was absolutely nothing he could do about such appalling manipulation of the innocent child Sherlock had once been.
Lestrade looked terribly tired; his shift had actually ended two hours earlier, but duty-bound as he was, he didn't want to set the case aside before making sure everything was up-to-date.
"Oh, I thought you knew. He’s left for Scotland Yard to return the files. He thought you were asleep and didn’t want to wake you... "
Sherlock took that as an invitation. Steadying himself with one hand on the armrest of the chair, he slid sideways onto John's lap. He placed the other hand on John's shoulder, dropped a fleeting kiss onto his temple, and cuddled up against the side of his head.
Sherlock had no idea whether Lestrade felt the same way his brother did. He hoped not, as he had no idea how to deal with two of that sort.
John stood up too and was just about to introduce himself when Mrs Holmes returned, balancing a tray with a tea set and biscuits. "That's John Watson, darling, the doctor!" She indicated to John and Victor with a casual wave that they should sit down again while she poured the tea and passed around the cups. Then she drew up an upholstered cube that probably usually served as a footrest and sat on it. When her husband reached for the plate of biscuits, she rapped him on the fingers and glared at him disapprovingly. "Those are for the boys. And you need to watch your cholesterol anyway!"
"Ex?" John asked automatically as he tried to process all of the swirling thoughts and information Greg had dumped on him in such a short time.
What did this mean? Hadn't they said they wanted to try? Had Sherlock understood John wrong? Had the request only encompassed heats and a companionable side-by-side existence, but not... not...
The homepage looked neither serious nor helpful. Instead, it was full of all sorts of clichés about the world of alphas. From 'Proving you're the most powerful alpha in the room,' to 'Shaping your omega to suit.'
There was one thing that John wanted to know, though; not that it was important or would have changed anything about the situation... but just in case they never saw each other again, this might be his last chance to ask. John looked up only to find Victor had been watching him carefully. Did Victor also have a talent for reading people? Could he tell that John hadn't eaten for the past two days based on the wrinkles in his shirt? John moistened his lips and cleared his throat. No, that was ridiculous. There weren't many people who had such a pronounced gift for observation as the Holmes brothers. Knowledge of human nature, yes; but John couldn't guess how good Victor was in that area. It wasn't really important in the end.
As on most mornings, Sherlock was also aroused and didn't give it a second thought before reaching down and grabbing his cock to shift it into a more comfortable position. As he moved his hand back to where it had been, he brushed the lump in John's pyjamas, instinctively cupping it.
After all, he'd started this whole thing. As a lark. As a bit of fun in passing. How could Victor have anticipated everything that it would do to him? How could he have guessed what he would have to lose at this game?
. Sherlock, who surrounded him with his entire body, with his arms and legs. Who was moving with him. Becoming one. Finally.
"You've lost weight..." John whispered, running his fingers over the distinct outline of Sherlock's ribs beneath the grey fabric. Sherlock just nodded; John felt the movement more than saw it. "Mycroft told me a little about Sherrinford. About his work with MI6 and his last mission. About the thing with Redbeard..." Sherlock stiffened markedly at those words. "I know everything's weighing heavily on you, and I understand that you don't want to talk about it, Sherlock. But if it's true... if he really did fake his death and has returned..."
John set down the tray and went over to Victor, scratching the back of his head in embarrassment, and cleared his throat again. "Well... apparently there were more of those letters and Sherlock wasn't the one who sent them, but the recipient. They're from Sherrinford," he explained briefly. When he saw Victor's perplexed expression, he began to recap his most recent insights. He related what he'd found in the box, the revelatory conversation with Mycroft, and the strange similarity between the letters and Moriarty's texts, as well as the fact that he couldn't see any real link between the two.
It was Friday. The likelihood that Victor was out painting the town red was extraordinarily high. He'd probably pulled too. John turned onto his side. His eyes hadn't adjusted to the dark yet, so he could barely make out the outline of his phone.
"Yes... Mycroft... I've got it." Sherlock ended the call, closed the phone, and handed it to Mrs Holmes. Her alert, concerned eyes rested on her youngest son for a long time before she reached for his arm and gently rubbed it.
Victor lifted an eyebrow and took a closer look at the man. Walters seemed quite young to be a professor. His short, black hair was neatly styled, and his nose was decorated with a pair of delicate, silver-rimmed glasses. His dark grey suit was tailor-made, its single colour accent an emerald green tie.
John lifted his shoulders as if the temperature had suddenly dropped several degrees, but stood as well as Mycroft walked over to him and held out a hand.
"No one... appears anywhere." Mycroft turned the flat-screen monitor of his computer toward Sherlock. The screen was divided into four quadrants. Each one flipped between several cameras in different rooms and corridors. A strip of text at the top of the screen showed which time period from the past two hours was currently being displayed. In was true: not a single employee appeared on camera during the entire time.
John couldn't say anything else before the phone slipped out of his hand and a black cloak of unconsciousness wafted down over him.
Over the past couple of days, he'd already marked the sections mentioned in the twelve letters, read through the entirety of the relevant stories, and searched for interpretations on the internet. He'd also jotted down Mycroft's opinion on every letter and pasted those in next to the corresponding fairy tale in the book.
At the same time, it felt as if he'd never be finished repaying the debts he had accrued. Repayments which started with this facility, where he had to share a room with another omega, then the communal showers and obligatory meals at fixed times. All the different therapy sessions with talking and crafting – as if omegas didn't have any other interests – and the rudimentary entertainment programme of selected films and books, all of which Sherlock had watched and read in no time.
The orderly also had brown hair, if a shade lighter, and came across as very serious about his work. He would take Sherlock's blood pressure, sometimes a blood sample, or check Sherlock's bandages. He sometimes moved Sherlock's legs in order to stimulate his muscles. He also washed Sherlock and helped him into a clean hospital gown. The few words they exchanged usually concerned Sherlock's condition. The orderly always said everything was healing well, and that Sherlock would be back on his feet in no time. After a week, Sherlock was on the verge of strangling the orderly if he had to hear that phrase one more time.
So he was reading Chemistry. Just let him try to get information out of the upperclassmen! Victor testily watched him go.
With those words, she pushed open the swinging door leading into the kitchen. There Sherlock sat perched on a barstool, trying to whip cream with a mechanical whisk and imploring John for help with his eyes.
Still groggy, Sherlock mentally ticked off the contents of the refrigerator, eventually concluding that John must have gone to the market as there had hardly been anything in the previous night. Since Sherlock didn't make any move to sit down or ask any of the questions burning on the tip of his tongue, John took the lead.
"You're not honestly telling me that you didn't automatically gain signature authority over Sherlock's fortune when you bonded, are you? Don't tell me you didn't know that. John? Fucking hell, what kind of alpha are you anyway?"
It took all of Sherlock's willpower not to flinch at those words. His heart clenched painfully. It was true: everyone who got too close to him ended up in danger sooner or later, and the feelings of guilt were threatening to suffocate him.
Sherlock smirked and stood up to go over to the desk. He opened his laptop and started up the browser. It didn't take long for him to find what he was looking for, and he clicked on the button for another express delivery. Feeling quite pleased with himself, he snapped his laptop shut again and steepled his fingers under his chin.
Sherlock was a good two months overdue based on the length of time between his first two heats, if the textbooks were to be believed. The doctor in John said there was nothing to worry about, but his alpha side was anxious anyway. Especially as his interest was piqued by the desire Sherlock had expressed to renew their bond.
In lieu of a verbal response, Sherlock kissed John again, licking his tongue possessively and sharing the salty flavour of the pre-ejaculate fluid. He felt John's erection twitch between their bodies, and John's fingers wandered into his arse crack. Although he couldn't reach down very far from his position, the touch alone set Sherlock's nerve endings on fire. The impulses raced up his back, tingling and sparking as they went, causing him to instinctively arch his back and gravitate toward the touch.
"Oh, it was awful," says Mrs Hudson, a desperate laughter on her lips. "I don’t know if Sherlock ate or slept at all while you were away. At night, he’d constantly play his violin and wake the neighbours. You know, that dreadful piece by that Hungarian composer... what was his name... ah, Bartók! It was like being in a horror film! And he was rude to anyone who came too close to him. God knows I love that boy, but he was no longer tolerable! He’s missed you
… between Sherlock and Sherrinford that I couldn't grasp. They had a friendly relationship, if not particularly close, before Sherrinford and I started to work in the same department."
"You couldn't have known," Sherlock said once he saw the way John was staring down at his hands, filled with shame. A fresh wave of guilt crashed over him. Sherlock sipped some of his tea despite it still being too hot, then set the cup back down on the table. "What did you feel?"
Sherlock didn't need to turn around in order to know that Mycroft was standing behind him. The grip holding him wasn't intended to prevent Sherlock from going over to John again, but rather to give his little brother the support he needed. As if in a daze, Sherlock watched the paramedics at work, bending over John and sticking more needles under his skin and doing everything they could with their expertise to retrieve John from the brink of death.
That time when John had visited Sherlock in Kensington, he'd noticed a violin case and sheet music. The same type of instrument lay by the window in the flat on Baker Street. And yet he'd never seen Sherlock play.
Sherlock swallowed hard and tried not to get distracted by the answering twinge in his crotch. He felt all too clearly as his own cock stiffened and pre-ejaculate fluid leaked out the tip, where it promptly soaked into the material of his underpants. Sherlock passed his tongue nervously over his lips and wondered whether he could take another step closer to John's room without giving himself away.
John wanted to know all of that and much more besides. And yet he didn't call Sherlock. He was too afraid of the answer. Plus, he couldn't stop thinking about Sherlock's comment that he'd had a
The Adam's apple in Sherlock's throat leapt when he swallowed hard and tried desperately to withstand the teasing. His hands felt across his bare thighs, seeking something to hold on to, seeking some way to protect his exposed body, seeking the courage that had been so present just moments before but which was now draining away like sand.
The omega shook his head. "You couldn't have known. And you had my express permission to … have sex with other people. I couldn't guess that I'd
John immediately surged in between Sherlock's legs and embraced the omega, pulling him close to bury his face in the crook of Sherlock's neck. He drew the delicate skin there in between his teeth and nibbled at it. Sherlock tangled his fingers in the hair at the back of John's head as if he weren't sure whether to hold him in place or drag him away. However, there was no misinterpretation possible when he braced his free hand on the table and tilted his pelvis up toward John.
"At least there's one thing that makes the whole thing less unbearable," Richard said, withdrawing a slender phial from his trouser pocket. It was filled with a clear liquid.
John hadn't heard Sherlock get up, and startled with surprise when Sherlock slung his arms around John's body and pushed his nose into the crook of John's neck. John promptly felt as the tension gradually drained from Sherlock's body with each breath.
Sherlock swallowed thickly. The water in the bathtub where he sat had cooled markedly, and the foam had almost entirely disappeared. A shiver ran down his back.
"John... be careful, all right? Trevor got Sherlock into big trouble more than once. He apparently had a big influence on Sherlock's past drug use and who knows what all else. He..."
Victor looked up as if making a calculation, then opened his mouth to speak only to close it again and shake his head. "I'm sorry, John. For everything. I shouldn't have said anything to that reporter. She exaggerated my story in order to sell papers, and I can't do anything about it because I was too drunk to realise I was making a mistake."
"I'm here because..." The rest of the sentence stuck in his throat when he felt despair inevitably win the upper hand. Tears shot into his eyes, which he struggled to hold back. He cleared his throat, averting his gaze, and tried to breathe normally.
Without waiting any longer, John reached for the placket of Victor's shirt and started unbuttoning it with trembling fingers. He gave up halfway with a growl of impatience and firmly tore the two halves of the shirt apart. In doing so, he sent more than one button flying across the room, only to land with a clatter in some dark corner or other. John ignored Victor’s breathless laughter and slid both hand and mouth under the black fabric, scraping one nipple with his teeth and licking the bud as it stiffened.
For a ridiculously brief moment, John ponders whether to heave the suitcase upstairs, but he decides against it. After a few hours of sleep and a good meal, he would see to this detail. Surely, Mrs Hudson would understand. John pushes the heavy suitcase into a corner of the entrance hall so it doesn’t get in the way, and climbs the seventeen steps to the first floor. The door is ajar. John enters the sitting room and a smile immediately appears on his lips. Only then does he realise how much he’s missed this dusty mess.
"I'm afraid he spent the last few days with another alpha," Sherlock said, and John grunted his agreement. "It looked as if he tried to defend himself, but I can't say for sure whether that was actually the case, or how successful he was."
The two months in Mycroft's custody had been pure torture for Sherlock. He hated having to be on his best behaviour in front of his brother, but he had no other choice if he wanted to return to his own flat after his house arrest was over.
John scratched behind his ear, undecided, then finally plucked up his courage and entered the bathroom. He flipped down the toilet lid and took a seat.
Sherlock ran his eyes up and down his brother's body, taking in all of the many small clues that revealed what he had been doing that day. His usual scent of tweed, tobacco, and whiskey was more prominent than he recalled it being, but Anthea's note of lilies and tonka beans was missing completely.
Others said that they were able to turn on their alphas enough with roleplay and expressly submissive behaviour that a knot began to form, if only for a short time. Whether such a reaction occurred was heavily dependent on the individual alpha's personality, however. Some of them enjoyed certain acts more than others, or were turned on by other things.
John quickly pushed the thought of his omega aside, instead slipping out of his dressing gown, which he let drop to the floor. He was naked underneath, except for a pair of dark blue boxers. His lips brushed across Cilia's throat, and he felt her swallow heavily. John captured her hands in his and placed them on his shoulders.
John had distributed the twelve letters between his two jacket pockets. He ran his thumb over the edges that were sticking out, as if to reassure himself that the envelopes were all still there. John assumed he would be brought to Mycroft's residence, but apparently even after knowing each other for over two years, the civil servant wasn't willing to reveal his homestead to John.
"Yes, damn it! He wouldn't have left the building without letting us know, and I checked in the rest of the offices, the kitchen, and the toilets. There's no trace of him. What about the security cameras? There must be a record of him being abducted!"
"Oy! Get a room, you two, before you completely traumatise my son!" Bill said sternly, although the smugness in her voice belied the sincerity of her words.
He heard John inhale sharply, just before imitating Sherlock's actions and cuddling up to him, burying his face in the crook of Sherlock's neck and placing his hands on Sherlock's hips.
He stood in front of John and tilted his head to one side, exposing his neck. John stepped in gratefully, wrapped one hand around Sherlock's bicep, and pulled his omega close. He pressed his nose into Sherlock's neck and inhaled deeply. The fragrances of honey, nightshade, and adventure tickled his olfactory receptors, causing him to release a satisfied sigh. He also detected an undertone of formaldehyde, chemicals, and floral perfume.
The feelings stemming from the new omega in John's life didn't surface a second time. Whatever had happened that night, Sherlock didn't sense her anymore. Maybe John had backed off the whole thing; or maybe he'd actually felt the psychic attack and found a way to block Sherlock – after all, Sherlock had managed it too with the help of the Seven drug.
Following an impulse, John wraps his arms around Sherlock's waist and leans his head against his shoulder. "I'm really, really sorry, Sherlock. I don't want to lose you."
He hoped his joke would break some of the tension in the air, while still conveying the seriousness behind it. John had no interest in getting into a fight with Bill over Cilia, should their natural instincts take over as soon as she saw her omega together with a potential rival.
Instead, he'd rung Mycroft and asked whether there weren't another solution. Mycroft had explained to Sherlock in that condescending manner he had, that a bond between an alpha and an omega was as good as a life-long contract that couldn't just be broken on a whim, and that John had every right to move in with him. Sherlock would quite simply have to get used to the situation.
"I'm also feeling better this time. I thought I simply wasn't used to the physical exertion the first time. And you're so... so big... " A charming blush spread from Sherlock's neck up to his cheeks. "But I think it's having you close that's facilitated the healing process."
John sighed and rubbed his palms against his thighs before adjusting his half-hard dick through his pyjama trousers. He'd been aroused for hours now, but neither a hurried jerk in the shower nor the gruesome descriptions of the various killings in the documentary had mitigated his condition. John was just wondering whether he should use the break to go upstairs to masturbate again, when he heard a glass break in the sink and Sherlock moan loudly. Before he could even ask what had happened, a wave of Sherlock's scent flooded John's senses. He sprang to his feet, shook off his dressing gown, and tore off his t-shirt before he'd even made it to the kitchen.
What wasn't so easy to set aside was the shame that lurked somewhere deep inside him. Shame over the working-class conditions he'd grown up in, and which Sherlock had deduced with such pinpoint accuracy at their first meeting. Shame over the tiny, run-down shack he'd grown up in. Shame over his amiable yet unsophisticated parents. Yet at the same time, he felt bad for being ashamed of his background; his parents didn't deserve that.
Impressed by such brazenness, John followed Sherlock's fabrications as they fell easily from his lips, all sounding perfectly plausible. He mentioned the monstrous accusations against Scotland Yard, which, he insinuated, the man must have heard of in news reports. Sherlock spoke of the urgent need for damage control, and that he – a fellow omega – had been sent to ascertain that Jean-Baptiste had received impeccable treatment at the hands of any alpha officers. Sherlock presented his secondary mission as checking up on whether Jean-Baptiste had anything new to add to his statement.
They have just arrived at the crime scene near the Thames when a stream of deductions erupt out of Sherlock without him even glancing once at the body that is lying between the police officers and Anderson. Keenly, the three men listen to the deductions.
For a few moments, John returns the glance, losing himself in the silvery-blue gaze, trying to memorise all the little signs that bear witness to how close Sherlock is to losing control of himself. He studies the application menu, taps on a few controllers and turns the vibration of the shaft on, listening with bated breath. Sherlock tenses noticeably, biting his lips, but doesn't make a sound. The vibration cannot be heard, so John adjusts it a little higher and switches the other end to pulsing. The same adjustment he used three days ago.
The manic grin on Moriarty's lips was an indication that he was obviously pleased by his exchange with Sherlock. John, however, couldn't understand anything. The only thing that penetrated the thick glass was Moriarty's tone of voice – that nightmarish sing-song lilt that made the hair on the back of John's neck stand on end every time.
"Oh, he's quite clever about hiding it, but he's not always successful. Especially when a certain someone is around…"
Victor then withdrew his hand, causing a deep breath to escape from Sherlock. Relief? Regret? Victor grabbed him by the back of the neck again to pull him in for a kiss. He interrupted it just a short while later with his fingers, caressing the reddened lips.
"God..." John huffed out a pain-laced sigh and inhaled sharply. His heart was beating frantically against his ribs. His forehead was covered in cold sweat and he was shaking.
John stroked the hand on his thigh, caressing the bony knuckles and the spaces in between that were moist with omega essence. "It's okay," he whispered breathlessly. "I've got you. Just let me. We both need it." He rolled his hips, slipped just a few millimetres out of Sherlock, only to sink back in as deep as possible with a choked-off curse.
Cilia shuffled slowly down the hall, one hand on her belly and the other braced against her back. The strain of the day's events was written all over her, yet she was beaming from ear to ear. She put one arm around both Sherlock's and John's shoulders and pulled both men in as close as she could manage.
Sherlock examined John's face intently, trying to see through his furrowed brow to the thoughts behind it, but soon gave up. Whoever that beta had been, they didn't matter now.
Sherlock flew up into a sitting position, his face on fire, and tore the pillow out of John's hand. "Nothing!"
"You've always gone in for good-for-nothings like them instead of trying to find someone who knows how to appreciate your worth! Someone who's your equal! By the way, my people have just informed me that Mycroft isn't far now. You should make your decision quickly, or our little intermezzo will be over sooner than planned! And then it would all be for naught! So... what will it be? The revolver or the needle? Oh, don't think I don't appreciate the fact that you've made John suffer for the sake of your other two friends, but … well... I can definitely guarantee that he won't survive another dose—" Moriarty held up a third syringe. "—of this. So this time it's all... or nothing!"
"Change of plans. You're not flying to China, you're going back to London. You're coming home... with me." Their first kiss after more than seven months apart was fleeting, almost accidental, falling between two words. But as soon as John had completed his sentence, he pulled Sherlock close and gave him a proper kiss. Not gentle, not tender, but full of pent-up desperation following the long period of having had to do without.
Cilia folded her arms, pouting, and tried to pull her feet out of Bill's grip. Bill held on stubbornly and tickled her soles in retaliation.
Sherlock was fascinated by his alpha's dark, gleaming eyes as his own cock brushed John's cheek, and John's tongue darted out to flick it. The same tongue that had just... oh, God! Sherlock bit down hard on his bottom lip. His pelvis twitched forward of its own accord, causing his wet, exposed glans to leave a glistening streak on John's face.
Cilia gave him a wide smile, and Bill's face also reflected amusement. The two women ate much more slowly, secure in the knowledge that this was no singular pleasure but rather part of their normal routine.
He carefully directed the water over Sherlock's curls until they were soaked and lay flat against his head. John pumped two shots of Sherlock's shampoo into his hand, rubbed it between his hands, and started to lather up Sherlock's hair. He tenderly massaged his omega's scalp down to the nape until the tension melted away and Sherlock sighed softly. The scent of cedarwood mixed with the fragrance of John's bath oil.
An involuntary smile flitted across his face when Sherlock wove their fingers together from the seat next to him.
John felt tears pooling in his eyes and tried to blink them away. It was a fruitless endeavour. "I want to be the best possible alpha and give you everything your heart desires. Even if it means letting you go," he rasped, his voice breaking.
"Have you never noticed anything about his scent?" Sherlock asked after a few moments. "Something that doesn't belong there?"
"Brilliant," John whispers and looks appreciatively at Sherlock. A cursory glance meets him. Astonished, he perceives the blush in Sherlock's cheeks as well as the rapid fluttering of his eyelashes and he licks his lips in response. Sherlock doesn’t fail to notice this. While Lestrade’s barking orders at his colleagues and assigning tasks, Sherlock reaches into the pocket of his jacket. He pulls out his phone, types something, then hesitates a moment. Again his gaze meets John's, who is observing the whole scene attentively, before Sherlock taps the screen without taking his eyes off John.
Tom lived in a flat share not far from the university. He apparently wasn't afraid of Sherlock – who was taller but quite a bit less powerfully built than he was. He readily gave Sherlock his address and phone number. Sherlock grudgingly agreed to meet him to set up the first experiment and even to pick Tom up at his house, since he didn't have a car. Sherlock had inherited the second-hand white Ford Cortina from his brother Mycroft, who had been issued a company car by now and no longer needed to rely on the old jalopy. Sherlock blatantly ignored the fact that Mycroft had intended the gift as a hint to visit the family more frequently.
A hot wave of arousal surged through Sherlock. His limbs turned to jelly and threatened to topple when those two fingertips conquered the ring of muscle and pushed inside him. But rather than letting himself fall forward away from John's mouth, he shifted his weight toward the rear and sat down. The effect being that John's fingers sank in deeper, unavoidably brushing up against the throbbing bundle of nerves inside him.
"Stop, John," Sherlock interrupted him firmly. "It was only a matter of time. Harry had already been teetering on the edge for a long time. You weren't the one who pushed her over; she jumped herself. Maybe this is a chance to make a change. Things can only get better for your parents now too."
relationship with Moran had come to him a moment too late. And Victor had apparently not wanted to miss the chance to participate. John pressed his lips together and looked over at Victor, studying his profile thoughtfully.
"Agent Ashworth has been cleared. She's passed all the new background checks and psychological tests. There's no reason to continue to suspect her of collaborating with Moriarty. My personal preference would be to replace the entire team, but I'm also aware that the desire has its roots in my own insecurities."
All of a sudden, the lion's share of his tension fell away, and John tucked into his tiramisu with renewed gusto, encouraging Angelo to go ahead and share more anecdotes about those early days. He caught sight of Sherlock's surprised expression out of the corner of his eye and even fancied he could detect something like acknowledgement in his body language. The stale odour was replaced by something soft and airy. Relief and... hope?
The scene shifted. This time it wasn't the interrogation room that was shown, but the cell containing Moriarty. The only furnishings were a toilet and a stainless steel cot with a thin mattress, a pillow, and a blanket. Moriarty stood in one corner facing the wall and muttering something that didn't reach the camera microphone.
John watched with bewilderment as Sherlock casually pulled his jumper over his head and undid the top couple of buttons of the shirt he was wearing underneath. He turned his back to John and exposed the nape of his neck.
Of course, Bill knew just as well as John that that wasn't the case. Still, ever since the artificial insemination from an anonymous donor had been successful and she and Cilia were expecting their first child, Bill seemed more convinced than ever of the merits of a traditional alpha-omega partnership.
"There's something I really need to tell you afterwards, but let's have a drink first. Make me a sunrise?" Abigail asked Victor.
But first, Sherlock is due a proper greeting. However, it turns out that he is neither in the kitchen, nor in his room. The door to the latter is merely ajar. Strange. Sherlock usually closes it carefully before leaving the house. The room is messier than usual. Sherlock’s chaos is normally limited to the other rooms, but now a couple of drawers are open, clothes hanging out or lying forgotten on the floor. The bed is unmade, the duvet kicked carelessly to the foot. Everything indicates that Sherlock had a major sulk paired with devastating boredom. Despite the three cases which lie on the sitting room table.
Victor hadn't heard a word from Sherlock either since they'd parted ways at the train station, so he assumed Sherlock was still with his family in Sussex. He shoved the flare of disappointment far away, ignoring it as much as he could.
"Mycroft told me about Sherlock's problems at Uni, and that he moved in with you. About the fight with Sherrinford and... the overdose..." John anxiously rubbed his palm on his left thigh and wondered whether he might have changed anything about Sherlock's past, made anything better, if they'd met earlier. Whether he would have noticed how much the man would eventually mean to him. He pushed the train of thought aside as it wasn't doing anything other than causing a deeply rooted, dull pain.
"Is everything all right?" Sherlock asked, nonplussed; at the same time, he automatically tilted his head to one side so that John could insinuate his nose into the crook of Sherlock's neck.
Of course there was still a long way to go before those omegas were afforded sufficient protection who needed it, and appropriate punishments meted out to violent alphas. But the stone had begun to roll, and nothing could stop it now.
Anthea grimaced in pain and gritted her teeth. An inhuman sound forced its way out of her throat, her cheeks and forehead took on a feverish tone, beads of perspiration formed at her temples.
It had seemed like years to Sherlock, during which he'd stood in the doorway of his parents' bedroom and watched his mother's figure bent over the bed, listening to her sobs and cries while wishing for nothing more than to be comforted himself.
"Didn't you though? You were practically drooling for it. For my cock, for my knot... You think you're above all that, but you're nothing more than a bog-standard omega. And whether you like it or not:
John sighed and buried his face in the pillow, taking deep breaths. In and out. Without even trying very hard, he fancied Sherlock's smell still permeated the sheets. Mixed with his own. A potpourri of memories, making his stomach tense and cramp. No, there was nothing left. All his imagination, a pipe dream, nostalgia. A desperate attempt to hold fast to that which was unrecoverable.
"Don't be an idiot, John! Of course that wasn't the first. After all, I was already twenty-three when we met at Bart's. But heats during puberty are generally lighter and not nearly so... intense."
Sherlock sensed more than heard John clenching his teeth and struggling to suppress a growl. Despite his agitation, however, he managed to keep his anger in check, preventing his scent from shifting too abruptly. Sherlock tried to focus on the familiar composition in order to assure himself that it was really his John sitting next to him and not the alpha he was trying to impersonate. But the chaotic scents of the villa's other residents made it nearly impossible to filter out the sunshine and moss.
, John thought to himself fondly as he went up the stairs to 221B with the heavy garment and shopping bags hanging off his arms.
Omegas generally weren't thought capable of much more, especially as most of them stopped working as soon as they'd found a partner and wanted to dedicate themselves to domestic tasks. Starting a family seemed to be their only ambition, which made life that much more difficult for omegas who had no interest in such things. The situation was particularly unsatisfactory for male omegas, who were biologically incapable of bearing children. Their only chance was to find an alpha female who was willing to interrupt her own career to have a child, which her husband would then care for – or to adopt, which most alphas didn't want.
John looked up at him uncertainly but released his grip and finally withdrew his hands from the other man entirely. All of a sudden, he became aware of the murmurs from the people who had stopped to satisfy their curiosity and witnessed the entire scene. Now, the excitement having passed, they drifted off.
"Mycr..." Sherlock's voice cracked halfway through. He closed his eyes for a moment in frustration, then glared furiously at his brother when he picked up the chair and set it down beside the bed. Mycroft perched on it as if he were serenity personified, then reached for the bottle on the side table and filled a plastic cup with water, which he then handed to Sherlock.
He bunked down at Harry's for the few days he was in town. As soon as he arrived, he lugged his duffle bag to her flat, got into the shower, and rinsed off the remnants of his travels. After that, he headed straight to the nearest tube station and rode to Kensington.
"I'm not in a relationship with him," Victor clarified. "We're friends. Or at least something like it."
John woke when the mattress moved beside him. Slumber still lay over him like a massive beast, chaining him with black fetters to the images that had stolen their way once again into his mind during the night. Images of huge grey figures wading through the Thames, clambering over bridges as if they were tree roots. Their bodies were transparent, their heads disappearing somewhere in the clouds. Only occasionally did they bend down far enough that their round, red eyes became visible. John had no idea what they were looking for. But he was afraid they wanted something from him.
The highlight of the evening, however, was the surprised and joyful glint in his partner's eye when John gave him the book. John promptly decided to surprise Sherlock more often in future with tokens of his esteem if they resulted in such expressions of happiness and rewarded John with such sunny smiles.
The scant moonlight filtering into the room through the window submerged the room in dark blue and black tones. Shadows danced across their bodies as Sherlock sat up and encircled their erections with both hands. John grabbed some lubricant from the nightstand and dribbled it between them before Sherlock started to rock his hips slowly back and forth, plunging into the tunnel between his hands and rubbing against John's red-hot flesh.
A submenu opens. John's eyes widen in disbelief. Surprise and fascination reflect in his face as he’s trying to understand the meaning of the few words on the screen. The two areas displayed are called body and base (Okay ...). Six different levels of vibration (vibra... what the?!). As if bitten by an adder, John drops the mobile, jumps up and takes two large steps away from the desk. He clutches his hair in agitation, digs his fingernails into his scalp. Like a caged wildcat, he strides back and forth across the floor. Only after he’s taken a few deep breaths does he feel calm enough to look at the screen again.
When he saw Sherlock's expression shift from mulish to angry, John raised his hands in a conciliatory gesture. "Now don't take it the wrong way. I absolutely believe you're capable of conducting an interview. But if anything goes wrong and the killer gets off because of it, that won't do anyone any good."
"Or course we do. But Hopkins... No idea who he was trying to prove something to by going without the blocker. The blockhead thought his bond with his omega was strong enough and he wouldn't be affected by anyone else. He always blagged something about having a soul bond, when he doesn't have shite. Only an overinflated ego and a disciplinary investigation he's dragged the whole Yard into."
"Mistress?" John laughed at the antiquated word. "All right, I see you're behind the idea a hundred percent. Okay then, let's go ahead with it. Where do you want to do it?"
They sink backwards, coming to rest side by side. Without further ado, John manoeuvres himself over Sherlock's torso and kisses him intimately, whipping out his tongue and toying with his lower lip. Obediently, Sherlock opens his mouth and allows John in, puts his hands on John's back and hugs him close. Leaning on his elbow, John holds Sherlock's head between his hands and enjoys the feel of their wet tongues sliding against one another.
Without giving his fear a chance to torpedo this surge of motivation, Sherlock sprang out of bed and flung open the door. "I'm coming too!" he cried and dashed to his wardrobe to take out a pair of trousers and a shirt. It didn't take long for him to get dressed and be ready for the outing.
"Is it dangerous?" Sherlock asked, looking sceptically at the needle which the other omega held between her bony fingers.
"You're the detective, Mr Holmes!" John counters, pushing another plate towards Sherlock to distract him. "This one isn't so spicy."
Sherlock paused and looked down at the long strip of peel still hanging off the yellow potato as he considered. Starch clung to the knife and his fingers, like fine floury grains on his fingertips.
Lord Moran's posture shifted abruptly. It became more deferential, practically submissive. Clearly, the alpha was well aware that it was more than inappropriate to woo a bonded omega, and that John would have every right to knock some sense into his rival.
And there it is. A dark, broken sigh. John’s cock twitches in interest in his trousers and starts to swell. His pulse is pounding in his throat, his mouth is terribly dry. Tense, he listens to every little noise behind the door. The faint light from the kitchen and the bright stripe under the door baths the corridor in a soft twilight. The pink glow of his mobile seems surreal in contrast. John feels a little out of place. Like an intruder in Sherlock's privacy - yet again - even if he knows Sherlock is the one who initiated the whole thing.
Victor led him on a single-minded path through Soho's labyrinth of lanes and alleyways, past drunk patrons on a pilgrimage from one nightclub to the next, chattering at the top of their lungs, singing and carousing. Down an unobtrusive side street, a man dressed entirely in black stood in front of an equally black door. The corner of his mouth twitched when Victor raised his hand in greeting, and all of a sudden John understood.
"It's better like this. For everyone," Mycroft said. "Both are still well taken care of, naturally, at least until Anthea takes the decision to bond with another alpha. Should it come to that, Archibald's portion will be paid into a separate account that he will gain access to when he comes of age. Until then, I shall support him as well as I can."
Sherlock's eyes are still fixed on him and shame burns hotter in John's cheeks. He lowers his eyes to evade that gaze. His tongue flits out and he tentatively tastes the velvety, warm skin, licking slowly from the base to the frenulum. For a moment, his tongue tip focuses on this sensitive point and a drop of pre-ejaculate forms over the slit. John suddenly licks it, tastes the salty note and realises with satisfaction how a shudder goes through Sherlock.
"You're much cuter up close!" I laid one hand on his thigh, rubbing the dusty fabric of his trousers and digging in my nails. A sweet little shudder ran through him before he pushed me away with a distinct lack of coordination.
"I hope not," Sherlock said with a crooked grin. "There's not much as informative as the element of surprise."
John resisted his initial impulse to correct the man. He found it incredibly difficult because the memories of all of their disagreements were still so fresh. But in the end, Sherlock was indeed his date. So many things had changed between them. And that was why John didn't hesitate when Angelo offered them a bottle of wine to accompany their dinner. At the same time, he found it a little frustrating that Sherlock, in choosing this restaurant, had robbed him of the opportunity to cover the cheque for both of them. After all, he'd wanted to treat his omega; but he could hardly turn down Angelo's generous offer just for the sake of his tarnished pride.
Sherlock placed one hand lightly on the small of his back and nudged him toward the glazed door. After ordering their food, they sat down with their drinks at the counter in front of the window while they waited. Sherlock immediately noticed the way that John was bouncing his left leg nervously as he watched the people passing by outside. He slipped one hand onto John's thigh and tried to gently dampen the motion. John gave him a sheepish smile.
"Oh, yeah... my God, you feel fantastic!" Ryan gasped and grabbed Victor by the hair, pulling it until Victor's back was bent back at an almost unnatural angle, and drove in deeper. With the other hand, he held onto Victor's hip, leaving bright red imprints on his pale skin.
" She made a wistful sound and turned to John. "Believe me, your omega intervened to stop you from doing something stupid. The pair of you are something quite extraordinary."
Ryan turned over again, scooted back on the bed, and grabbed onto Sherlock in order to slide in between his legs.
An icy hot shiver made its way through Sherlock's body, peaking his nipples and recharging his semi-hard cock. How was it possible for him to feel so much physical desire after that barbaric bite? He reached for the t-shirt, his face flushing red, and held it against the wound as he looked away.
And Sherlock felt the same. Seeing how much it hurt John to find out that Sherlock had been exposed to so many of his unfiltered emotions that he hadn't known what else to do than numb himself into unconsciousness; knowing that he was open to the possibility of them having a soul bond, and hadn't simply dismissed it as romantic nonsense; discovering that he wanted Sherlock just as much as Sherlock wanted him – it was all such an incredible relief.
"You visited the infirmary every day and were the first responder. You know how I am. So come on, out with it. What's got you down?"
Once Sherlock finishes his shower and gets dressed, John gives him a quick summary of the news. However, Sherlock dismisses them with a growl of disinterest and instead brings out his violin. He rubs the bow’s horsehair with rosin in a familiar way, then tunes the instrument’s strings. John observes the procedure attentively. Even if this is not the first time he has seen the process, Sherlock's handling of the violin fascinates him more than ever today. He lovingly puts the violin on his shoulder, rests his chin against it. His gaze loses itself out of the window as he coaxes the first notes out of the instrument.
Keeping a close eye on Sherlock, John took his hands off the wall and two steps back. Sherlock whimpered as if he'd been punched in the gut. He leaned forward and covered his stomach with his hands. John immediately regretted his harsh words. Even though the omega and his big mouth kept making him see red.
"What's this?" John asked a moment later, laughing, as he lifted the pillow Sherlock had wrapped in John's t-shirt.
Sherlock considered briefly how far he could push things without wading into trouble, but decided it was probably the best way to get any kind of useful information out of the omega.
"Sherrinford worked for MI6, and was killed during a mission. It wasn't an automobile accident; it was an exchange of gunfire."
"Well, Sherlock, you've got three guesses. It didn't go at all, as the omega's bonded and we haven't reached his alpha."
John shrugged uncertainly. "No idea how common polybonds are. Lord Moran's the first person I've known who had one."
John pursed his lips and set the phone aside. He picked up his tea, drained the cup, and put it into the sink. He pulled on a pair of jeans and a jumper, cleaned his teeth, and washed his face. The man reflected in the mirror looked like he was suffering from extreme exhaustion, but this was definitely not the time to think of sleep.
After John had done the washing up, he went into the living room and sat down at the desk. The book of Grimm's fairy tales that he'd borrowed from Mrs Hudson back before Christmas lay open beside his laptop. He opened the file of pictures of the letters Sherrinford had sent Sherlock over the years, picked up the book, and flipped through it to the next story.
On the afternoon of Boxing Day, a Monday, Victor returned to the campus. His parents had gone with him to the train station and said good-bye there. The next day, they would once again become  profit-oriented entrepreneurs with no other thoughts in their heads than the business. Victor wanted to spare himself having to witness the transformation, since it would only end in an argument.
"I haven't been to Camden in a while. We could get something to eat there and walk around the markets for a bit. All the colourful characters are bound to put a smile on your face." The statement was accompanied by an impish grin. "Come on, do yourself a favour," Victor said and started to walk along the bridge. John hesitated for a moment, but ended up following and catching up. After all, Ella had told him he should spend more time with... friends.
Sherlock didn't even look up from his microscope, but let out a neutral-sounding grunt, fixed a new slide under the clips on the stand, and adjusted the eyepiece.
John realised immediately that 'us' meant 'you', but rather than addressing that point, he squeezed Sherlock a little harder.
"Peter's joining us from the beginners' group. He's improved a lot in the last few months and is looking for a fresh challenge. I'm sure we can offer that to him here!" Nigel said with an enthusiastic whoop.
Despite his tender years, Mycroft Holmes was an important cog in the machinery of the British government. Not only did he have a hand in numerous political affairs, he also had a direct line to the British Secret Service. The man's influence was well known amongst alphas, and no one dared  step on his toes in any way, shape or form. An unannounced visit from Mycroft Holmes could well mean that heads would roll. Quite literally.
John snorted in amusement. He wondered how many times Victor had delivered that line in the history of his relationships. "Okay, fine, you cut things short with that bloke who thought the two of you were a couple – happy?" Victor chuckled softly and bit his bottom lip, although he didn't make a comment. "And then you and Sherlock had your first real kiss. What happened then?"
Sherlock rubbed his eyes as he listened to the report, pressing his teeth together so hard that his jaw hurt. He startled when he felt John's hand at the small of his back.
Sherlock exhales sharply, cramping reflexively. After a few deep breaths, he relaxes noticeably and licks his dry lips.
John was already impressed by all of that even before he noticed the twinkle in her blue eyes or her pretty smile.
"Me too. Let's just go on ahead. Bill and Cilia will be along shortly with their parents," John said. "Our train's leaving at 6:20. Maybe we should pack a little something for the ride back?"
Over the past few days and weeks, John had relived over and over in his mind's eye how Sherlock and James Moriarty had fought on Southwark Bridge. The way he'd finally seized that miserable puppet master and string-puller by the collar and dragged him over the railing. The way the two of them had disappeared in the black waters of the Thames. Sherlock had given his life to free the world of the evil that called itself James Moriarty. Regardless of the losses.
Sherlock slid in on Victor's left and pulled the door shut behind him. It was cold in the car. It had snowed for the first time this winter on the last day of 1994. Although all that remained were a couple of little piles of snow in corners here and there, the temperatures at this time of night lay just below freezing.
What would happen to him now if John didn't return? Would the heats stop? Or would he run after the nearest alpha he could find – the nearest knot – to get through those unbearable periods? How far would his body force him to go, to do things he didn't want, now that he had experienced a full heat with his alpha for the first time?
The sentence hangs above their heads like the sword of Damocles. John’s lungs feel constricted. He's holding his teacup with both hands, trying to focus on the heat that radiates off the thin porcelain.
"Sorry," he said quickly, not sure whether he was apologising for the spontaneous kiss or his fantasies.
To John's amazement, Sherlock turned out to be a talented cook. He cubed vegetables, minced garlic, and eventually even cut up the despised onions with the hands of a virtuoso, adding various spices and adjusting the pasta sauce until a concoction emerged that John had never tasted before.
"We will. Sherlock," she said and turned to Sherlock, extending a hand rather than drawing him in for a hug. Grateful that she had spared him the unwelcome prospect of having another alpha in his personal space, Sherlock took her hand with a smile. "Take care of him, you hear?"
They'd only found James Moriarty's body, three days later. Mycroft had personally come to 221B Baker Street in order to inform John. The crime lord's body had got caught on something underwater downriver before the bloated remains had been washed up on the banks of the Thames. Due to technical aspects of the investigation, it wasn't possible for unauthorised individuals to inspect the body, but Mycroft had brought photographs to show John. He hadn't felt anything when he'd examined the images: Moriarty's black, motionless eyes staring unseeingly into the camera. Not even so much as a sense of justice had stirred within John.
"Are you hesitating because you want to have children when you return from service, and know that you can't have any with me? In that case, I'm sorry for wasting your time." Sherlock was already in the middle of turning around and chalking up the attempt as a failure, when John spoke up.
"Shall we go into my room?" Victor asked, nodding at the door. A smile played at the corners of his mouth when he saw the way Sherlock pressed his lips together and nodded slowly. Victor pushed the handle down, opened the door, and waved toward the interior with one hand, then followed Sherlock once he'd gone past. He didn't miss the curious glances from some of the people standing in the hall, but just grinned impishly. After all, he didn't intend to open up his room as an additional party annex. He turned the key in the lock with a loud click.
"For me too," John agreed. "We'll keep going in a sec. You just need to turn over, darl – Sherlock. Turn over, okay?"
But this here was for Sherlock, and he'd deal with everything else in order to give Sherlock what he wanted. Victor shifted his weight and leaned toward Ryan, pulling him into a kiss by his dark blue tie. An enraptured sigh sounded and soft lips parted, returning the gesture more than willingly.
Sherlock knew the question was a test. After all, he'd been studying Mycroft for years, learning how to be attentive to and analyse all the details of his surroundings. Even though Mycroft had never specifically given him any instruction, both of them knew that Sherlock was at least as good as he was at deducing certain events based on the tiniest clues.
He stuffed the phone into the pocket of his dressing gown, picked up the cup that sat on the coffee table, and lifted it to his lips. The contents had long since gone cold and stale. Rather than drinking it, he impulsively dumped the tea out over the papers and the carpet, dropped the cup, and stepped over the mess towards his room, his head held high. Once there, he slammed his door shut and twisted the key in the lock, flung himself down onto his bed, and glared morosely at the ceiling.
Sherlock went over to the desk on shaky legs and examined the box for a moment before lifting the lid. Inside was a rectangular gadget consisting of several buttons beneath a black screen. Sherlock picked it up and went back to the laptop, holding the device up where the camera could see it.
"I realise that, but you can't study without any breaks at all. Or maybe you can, I don't know. And I don't care. You owe me one, you know?"
"With so many unanswered questions? I couldn't even sleep now if you gave me morphine! I have a case to solve, John."
. His eyes darted back and forth between this Nozzer fellow and Victor, but the latter was deliberately avoiding so much as even glancing at John.
"Hm," John said, undecided. "How do I know that you won't turn up at my place some day and try to get your hands on my money?"
Sherlock could do little more than nod. He followed John obediently up the stairs, holding fast to his hand the whole time and focusing on nothing other than remaining upright and not flinging himself to the ground to present himself to his alpha. John paused for a moment on the landing between the kitchen and living room entrances before entering through the latter, manhandling Sherlock inside with him.
. Mary didn't seem to be put off by his status as a loner. John scratched the back of his head, embarrassed, and let his gaze wander across the school yard. He was flattered by the invitation to some extent, but...
Or maybe he was with that beta who had batted their eyes at him. The one he'd bought the cologne for. Maybe he was seeking comfort in their arms – or rather, in them. Maybe he wanted to let out his sexual frustration that way, in the wake of the rather disappointing previous evening. And who could blame him?
As soon as he grasped Sherlock's erection, it didn't take more than three heartbeats before the next orgasm shook his muscles with uncontrolled contractions. His anus squeezed around John's knot, making John cry out almost in pain as he climaxed. Only a small amount of semen dribbled out of the tip of Sherlock's cock onto John's hand.
John almost drops the mobile, when he realises that he's losing himself to this fantasy. Licking his dry lips, he forcefully calms himself and studies the screen again. After some consideration, he increases the intensity of the vibration at the base and changes the constant vibration in the broad head to a pulsation. He scrapes his teeth over his lower lip with relish at the thought of how the stimuli will focus directly on the prostate and perineum and literally drive Sherlock crazy.
It was impossible to say how long John lay curled up in the middle of 221B's living room. At some point, the tears had dried up and sheer exhaustion had taken over his body. He sat up, sniffling, and blinked at the spread-out tabloid pages again.
John shook his head. "Not really. I've only known for a couple of hours that you... that it was all a setup."
John took both bottles to the bar, drained Victor's, and ordered a new one for himself as he continued to observe Victor. It was better this way. He preferred to keep an eye on him from a distance rather than being put on display himself.
The psychologist lowered his eyes and scanned his notes, made an affirmative sound, and looked up again. "Abigail Thomas. She was Mr Trevor's flatmate, wasn't she? Do you have feelings of guilt associated with her death?"
Sherlock shrugged mulishly without looking at her. "Contact wasn't part of the agreement. We only bonded so that we could have our freedom. I didn't want to raise any false hopes in him."
"Nothing... forget it." Sherlock returned to his microscope and fiddled with one of the knobs without actually looking down the eyepiece.
"It's all right, John," Sherlock reiterated, then added in a softer tone: "When are you moving out?"
"The two of you don't talk much, do you?" Cilia picked up the pot, brought it to the sink, and filled it with water. She then set it on the hob and poured some salt in. "It's never been a problem for me and Bill. I always want to know what she's up to, what she's thinking about, and Bill's always been interested in hearing about my thoughts and feelings. I don't think we would have survived the long periods of separation otherwise. I've always believed in the importance of knowing as much as possible about your partner, and keeping up to date on things; after all, we can't see into someone else's mind. Maybe it's different for the two of you," she said thoughtfully and put a stainless steel lid on top of the pot.
The muscles in Sherlock's groin tensed and moisture was collecting between his arse cheeks. His cock was so hard that it wouldn't take much to bring him to climax momentarily. But he didn't want to stop. He found that he enjoyed spoiling John in this manner, and feeling out his own boundaries at the same time.
! You should never choose a family member’s year of birth, John." Obviously pleased with himself Sherlock slides the mobile across the table to John and smiles enigmatically.
Greg hesitated for a moment, watching John; uncertain whether he should obey the simple request. Or whether it might mean they would never see each other again. John seemed to recognise his fear. He forced himself to relax, once again anchoring himself on the chair.
John turned his head to look at the lake again. "I don't know. Maybe. What would be so bad about that?"
Sherlock soon took a liking to Mrs Hudson, however, and was glad to have her around without constantly getting on his nerves. The older beta had a wonderfully dry sense of humour and had absolutely no problem defending herself verbally when Sherlock took things a step too far without realising it. She occasionally cooked for him, and they would then eat together, which not only ensured that Sherlock finally gained some weight, but also counteracted the gnawing sense of loneliness that snuck up on him some days.
Sherlock stared listlessly at the ceiling over his bed. They'd had to give him two more doses of tranquilisers before the crippling pain and agony had finally faded, and he was back to himself.
Sherlock's drug use in particular was a theme he kept bringing up. Sherlock had crossed his arms over his chest at first and looked demonstratively off to the side in order to make it clear that he wasn't going to respond. But when the psychologist brought up that one particular incident, Sherlock had leapt to his feet, furious, and run to the door, only to find that it was locked.
John leaned forward with his full weight until Sherlock's hips gave way and he ended up lying flat. John shoved Sherlock's legs apart with his knees, straddled them and surged forward into him. Hard and relentless.
John stared tensely down at his hands the entire ride, going through the letter in his head over and over again. He had a thousand questions, and he wasn't going to leave Mycroft's office before the other man had provided some answers.
"How did Redbeard die? Five years seems unusually young for an Irish Setter," John said, looking through the rest of the pages in the album which showed more happy times with Sherlock and his dog.
, whispered a matter-of-fact female voice, which he identified as that of his old therapist, Ella Thompson.
But it was true – he didn't have an official position at Scotland Yard, and if push came to shove, the law wouldn't be on his side if he stuck his nose too far into the proceedings. Despite all that, he still wanted to be involved as closely as possible on this case, and to support the team as much as he could.
They didn't voice the thought out loud, but they both knew the request was primarily regarding a heat. If it should begin without warning, Sherlock wouldn't waste any time calling John to be by his side.
Hurt and confused, Sherlock stared at the backlit glass panel and listened as water started running.
"You're gorgeous," he said in a low, awe-filled voice, smirking slightly when a blush rose to Sherlock's cheeks.
"Sleep in my bed tonight," Sherlock said, more order than request, and turned around to go back into his room without waiting for a response.
Mycroft stepped into the room behind his men and looked down at his former assistant with a cool gaze before turning his attention to the phone. But the screen was black, the connection terminated.
"Sherlock Holmes," Lestrade said, setting the slim folder with Sherlock's lab results and other particulars on the table before sitting down across from the omega. He folded his hands and looked into the young man's bloodshot eyes. Dark circles were visible beneath his lids and his cheeks were sunken, his cheekbones as sharp as razorblades. "We've contacted your brother to come pick you up. Your alpha is stationed in Afghanistan at the moment, correct?"
Sherlock listened to the sounds in the flat, his heart pounding nervously. He heard John stop in his tracks, only to direct his steps quickly towards the bedroom a moment later. John would recognise that the pheromones in the air weren't the same as during a heat. Still, he would smell Sherlock's arousal, the pre-come, sweat, and unbridled lust that had his body in their grip.
He examined the lifelike facsimile with a critical eye, still convinced that it was slightly smaller than John was when erect. The collapsed knot at the base was a little odd-looking, silicon having different properties than skin. Still, the replica was astonishingly good. The knot could be inflated and deflated by means of a small remote control so that the user could free themselves of the toy whenever they wanted.
"For picking me up. For checking on me the last few days... for everything," Victor said without looking at John. Instead, he stared out the window.
It took a while for Sherlock's breathing to normalise. John held him close the whole time, rubbing his bare back.
Nothing existed in that liminal space other than their bodies and the magic unfolding between them. No superfluous thoughts of yesterday or tomorrow; no fear and no anger. Just the sense of belonging and indispensable closeness; that and the lust which was accumulating in them, bit by bit. It was a vacuum within which they felt their way forward blindly, constantly seeking out those few spare centimetres they hadn't yet become acquainted with through their lips or fingers.
"Thanks. I'm sure we can get a handle on things together." John kissed the corner of Sherlock's mouth and pulled him closer, tilting his head to nestle his face into the crook of Sherlock's neck. "God, you smell so good..."
"No need to be," Sherlock replied easily. "If anyone should apologise, it's Lestrade. He didn't respond to my inquiries on whether anyone had checked the rubbish."
Drained and overwhelmed, Sherlock released the last dregs of energy from his muscles and let himself go boneless as John carefully lowered himself on top of Sherlock and turned them both onto their sides. His arms wrapped firmly around Sherlock, he pressed his damp forehead between Sherlock's shoulder blades and sighed happily.
for both him and myself to arrive. And what did those twits do? They marched straight into the suspect's house. A house full of omegas, one in heat. Even though they were all specifically informed of the situation!"
"I need to hurry, my next class is about to start," Abigail said, pressing a kiss onto Victor's cheek as a good-bye. Without making a show of it, she climbed over her desk and the next row of chairs to get past the others and slipped out the door. Victor watched her go, then looked over at Sherlock, who didn't seem to be in much of a hurry. His hands were tightly clenched around the page he'd been writing on. His eyes darted nervously back and forth from Walters to the line of students, which was becoming shorter by the minute.
As much as John had enjoyed the whole thing in hindsight, he was also quite shy about addressing it. Maybe he'd have the chance later, but the timing just hadn't been right yet. Either way – John knew that the images and the pleasure Sherlock had given him would serve as masturbation material for the next several months.
"No one's saying it's your fault, John. But you must admit all of that does have to do with you. Hell, don't you see that she's suffering? She comes home to your parents with her tail between her legs, only to discover that
A couple of weeks had already gone by before Sherlock realised something was wrong. He needed Seven more frequently than ever, even though he'd always kept his consumption at the lowest possible level and regulated it carefully. Just enough to get John out of his system and numb the indescribable longing, but not nearly enough to create a true high like that one time in Camden.
Every muscle in his body was proclaiming its misery. He would actually rather have gone back to bed instead of going to such lengths as he had that morning, but the restlessness lurking beneath his skin simply wouldn't allow it. If he'd followed his instincts, he would have pursued John up to the second floor and joined him in bed; would have snuggled up to him and breathed in his scent – just like he had for the past few days. But of course that was completely out of the question.
"Hm... the air seems to be getting thin," Moriarty commented cheerfully and with a meaningful smile. "Let's move on the
Regarding Anastasia, the lawyer insisted that Moran had acted in a completely justifiable manner, and that Hopkins and the Yard alone were responsible for events getting out of hand at Moran's house. Any additional aspects would need to be addressed in court, so that the responsible party – Hopkins – could receive his just punishment and Moran could be compensated in an appropriate manner.
Mycroft leaned back in his chair and twirled the fountain pen between his fingers. He inspected John with a look of disdain, as if he were an unattractive insect.
A moment later there was a bang. Shards of ceramic skittered across the laminate flooring and lay there, unnoticed.
"Let's go," she said to Sherlock, but he didn't move. He was still staring at the woman in the bed, struggling with his internal anger. When Donovan laid a hand on his shoulder, he tore himself away with a hiss.
The immense media pressure might have been partially responsible for the rapid conclusion to the case. Not only was this the first omega serial killer, but Sebastian's suicide note also had one additional effect on the public.
"Where's Tom moving then?" he asked more out of a sense of duty, although he couldn't really care less about the answer. It was downright scary how quickly his attitude had changed toward the young man.
"No, of course not!" John rushed to assure him. He leapt up from his chair in an instant, fell to his knees before Sherlock, and grasped his tense fingers which were clutching the fabric of his silken dressing gown.
"Get away from him!" she ordered, assuming what was probably meant to be a threatening pose directly in front of me. I stood, charmed at so much foolishness, gave her the space she required, and walked slowly around her. She felt my presence like a cold draught on the back of her neck, but her concern over Sherlock was stronger than her unease.
"There may possibly be rumours to that effect. The Diogenes Club is not known for spreading gossip about the details of its members' personal lives. So, what do you wish to know?"
Victor leaned his lower arm against the tree, the other hand resting on his hip. An unspoken challenge hovered in the air between them. But Sherlock wouldn't let himself be intimidated, and adamantly stood his ground. Of course he knew Victor had claimed this spot for himself, in a manner of speaking, as his own personal place to sit. He also knew that Victor assumed Sherlock hadn't noticed him. The guy's ego had to be enormous if he simply couldn't imagine that anyone might not be interested in him.
Grumbling, he wiped the clear omega essence onto the bedspread and rolled onto his back. What was he supposed to do? He'd tried out several omega sex toys shortly after his very first heat, in order to handle it on his own. That had worked fairly well. But since he hadn't been expecting to have another heat, he'd gotten rid of all of those toys long ago. Even if he ordered one express delivery, the chance that it would arrive in time was minimal. Plus, he wouldn't be able to answer the door in his condition, and he couldn't – or didn't want to – ask Mrs Hudson.
John slid off the seat of the chair, knelt down on the carpet in front of Sherlock, and clasped his hands. "What's wrong? What's happened?"
John chuckled softly. "Go ahead then! We should get up anyway... and have breakfast. I could eat a horse," he said and pressed another kiss against Sherlock's temple.
John's free hand wandered over Sherlock's torso to his nipples, plucked them, then wrapped around the omega's damp cock. He licked the salt off Sherlock's skin, scraping his teeth across the prominent scar on the back of his neck.
The forensics team took several hours to complete their work. Outwardly relaxed but inwardly on edge, Lestrade was nursing a cardboard cup of coffee which he'd bought at a nearby supermarket. He leaned against the squad car and watched the scene from a distance, bathed in blue flashing lights. The surrounding area had been cordoned off, but more and more curious onlookers were gathering behind the blue-white police tape emblazoned with "Crime Scene - Do Not Enter."
"It looks as if your two... friends... have made peace since John saved Victor Trevor. Moran lured him into a trap and replicated a scene from the story of Sleeping Beauty. The pattern is repeating itself. However, there were deviations from the previous abductions, presumably due to the fact that you dragged Moriarty down over the railing. If you think you're in any condition, you should have a closer look at the files. You certainly have enough time on your hands," Mycroft said, indicating the red folder on the bed.
They sprinted to the house across the street, only to find that no one had come out that way. Instead, they discovered a back door on the ground floor that led into a fenced garden. The door stood wide open, having apparently been slammed back with great force.
"Hey, Sherlock. I brought food." John smiles self-consciously and goes directly into the kitchen to avoid the storm-blue eyes.
They'd slunk around all day, more or less covertly watching each other when they thought the other one wasn't looking. But neither had dared to initiate contact before the fever had reached its zenith.
Sherlock beamed. John had apparently heard more of their kitchen conversation than intended, but that didn't matter. Their feelings for each other were no secret anymore.
original plan. For your independence. Freedom. Even though we seem to have come to the conclusion that it's... not all quite that simple... we can still put it into action. Just not... apart."
"That's how they wanted it. It wasn't supposed to be made a big deal of; after all, the four of them have enough grief dealing with the media circus. They actually wanted to name the wing after Sebastian, but the hospital put its foot down on that. No one wanted to have a killer's name hanging over the entrance," Mike said and chuckled sheepishly.
"The tea's not for you anyway," Sherlock muttered. He took a cautious sip of the concoction and grimaced in disgust. "God, that's foul."
At the sound, Victor's eyes flew to check on Sherlock, without pausing what he was doing. Goose pimples marched down his neck when Sherlock's eyes met his. The moonlight that fell into the room through the window was reflected in his limpid eyes as he watched Victor and Tom. Victor smiled smugly to himself and scooted back up far enough so that he could cover Tom's mouth with his, all the while keeping his eyes on Sherlock. His hand slid underneath Tom's jaw and nudged it upward, mercilessly breaking down the last bit of willpower Tom had remaining.
Sherlock took another careful sip, shuddered, and poured the contents of the cup down the drain, along with what was left in the pot. He then took the bottle out of John's hand to neutralise the taste in his mouth. If Sherlock was voluntarily drinking beer, the tea must really be undrinkable, John surmised.
The change in Mary's expression was immediately visible. Her unmistakable friendliness from before disappeared behind a frosty facade. She squared her shoulders, stepped out of the entryway onto the pavement, and straightened the lapels of her coat.
John pressed the hand under his t-shirt more firmly against his shoulder. "You felt it, didn't you? When I was shot?"
cause a sensation as soon as it came out. No, the more Sherlock thought about it, the stupider he found Mycroft's decision to take this step.
They sat there in silence for a long while. Two plates filled with breaded fish and chips were brought to the table.
Sherlock followed the motions of his alpha's hands, bemused, as he undid the clasps of his leather briefcase and withdrew a blue file folder. He frowned as he took and opened it. Inside, he found copies of reports and several bloody crime scene photos. He inhaled sharply.
When Sherlock awoke the next morning, the space beside him in the bed was empty. John's overnight bag sat there open with the edges of a couple of clothing items peeping out. He was apparently up and dressed, and had gone down to join Bill and Cilia.
Sherlock leaned all the way forward, pushing his face into the pillow, and held himself up on his elbows as he spread his legs a little more and arched his back to lift his backside up in invitation. It was the same position he'd greeted John with the first time. The only difference was that he wasn't in heat this time, and that there was already an alpha cock inside him – even if it wasn't a real one. It remained to be seen how John would react.
Breathless, John watched Sherlock's blissful expressions in the half-light. His eyes closed, his sensual bottom lip tucked in between his teeth. John briefly regretted the insufficient illumination, wanting more light so that he could see more, more,
Quicksilver flowing around black pupils, streaming into each of his pores, making his shiver. Hands reaching for him, holding him steady in a perfect balance between insecurity and desire. Pulling and urging, seeking and demanding. Warm.
"Sherlock… what are you talking about?" John said, his voice laced with concern and disbelief. "I would never… Oh God, I love you, you idiot! You do know that, don't you? I'd never give you away or allow anyone to take you away from me!" John declared and pulled Sherlock into his arms.
Whatever it was, John couldn't – and didn't want to – put a label on it. But it was all right. He didn't feel any resentment toward Sherlock and Victor's previous relationship anymore. Or at least that's what he told himself. There wasn't anything he could change about it anyway. The Sherlock whom Victor had known differed in many ways from the one John had met and come to love. He had no doubt that the younger Sherlock would have meant just as much to him, but that was a train of thought that wasn't worth pursuing.
Following some instinct, John paused in the hall. "Which one was Sherlock's room?" he asked, letting his eyes wander over the closed doors until he noticed the notches in the frame of the door to his left. "Oh," he whispered and leaned forward to examine the marks more closely. There were several horizontal cuts made in the wood, which had been painted over with white varnish.
"It doesn't matter who else you had in here, John," the omega whispered between two laps of his tongue, "because I'm the only one who will ever make you moan again. And you're the only one who has ever got my engine humming... Now watch this..."
"Maybe not fired, but dear Mrs Walters seems to be interested in a rather promising political career in Louisiana. I wonder whether a conservative parish will have anything to say about her husband's homosexual adventures?" Sherlock asked archly.
"Take off your clothes!" Sherlock growled with a combination of indignation and lust. One part of him wanted to tear John's clothes off his body himself and rub up against him until there was no trace of the beta left. Another part was outraged that John had dared to show up here in such a state.
John pulled away from Mrs Hudson when the kettle automatically shut off with a click. A short while later, they were all sitting together at the kitchen table eating fresh scones from the café next door and drinking tea while Mrs Hudson told them about her nieces and nephews.
John makes a garbled sound that oscillates between lust and despair. Nothing can stop him from fulfilling Sherlock's wish, except the fear of doing something wrong.
Sherlock spent most of the time in his room, given a lack of alternatives, while John sat in the living room and did who knew what. Sherlock certainly didn't want to. Their paths usually only crossed in the kitchen, when one or the other was either preparing food or was already in the middle of eating it without offering the other anything. Either Mrs Hudson or John did the shopping – Sherlock wasn't sure who – or else things were delivered through the online service.
He stroked over the curve of Sherlock's back, tracing the prominent vertebrae and feeling the play of muscles under his skin. The weight and heat of Sherlock's body was comforting. Just right. When Sherlock leaned in for a kiss, John met him with open lips. Tongue touched tongue, moist and demanding.
John feels the erection pulsing the moment Sherlock comes, making sure that the ejaculate does not get into his trachea. With three fingers, he massages the wet penis, luring out the last few drops until Sherlock makes a pained sound and gently pushes John's hand away.
Sherlock opened the laptop again and activated the app to locate John's phone. Only a few seconds elapsed before the programme found his signal and triangulated his likely position. Without wasting any more time, Sherlock tossed back a pill for the pain, slipped into his coat, shoes, and scarf, and left the flat.
John huffed angrily and adjusted the strap of his sports duffel over his shoulder, using the same motion to swivel away from Victor and walk toward the gate. Victor hooked his thumbs into his pockets and followed, bumping him lightly with his elbow.
The omega provided a rapid-fire summary of the interrogation. However, there wasn't all that much to report: Moran had denied the accusations and continued to insist on his innocence. The police would go through the entire video of the interview anyway, since it had been recorded. After that, Sherlock had asked for permission to speak to the surviving omegas. Although John knew he would have made contact with them even without express permission from the Yard, the official authorisation was certainly appropriate, especially in light of the current precarious state of the investigation.
"A little stiff," he mumbled, registering that Ella wrote something in her notebook. She always took special care that John couldn't read her notes, although he couldn't for the life of him fathom why. After all, they weren't discussing state secrets. She was probably worried that he would be able to get insights into her thought processes. To be sure, she wasn't the one being interrogated here.
The new app has a white logo with pursed, pink lips on which lie an index finger, prompting the viewer to keep silent. Under the icon the word
John made a confused sound and frowned sourly. "You're right, it isn't fair. It's completely understandable that you're upset by the decision. But what about the case? Could they exclude Sebastian as a suspect?"
John tried to concentrate on the programme. But he was much too distracted by Sherlock's delicious scent, which seemed to be getting stronger by the minute. The omega was also shifting restlessly back and forth on the cushions, rubbing himself against the leather without seeming to be aware of doing so. He looked sweaty, perhaps even a little feverish. A few dark curls stuck to the back of his neck, and his skin was a shade pinker than usual. John licked his lips when Sherlock tilted his head back with a light sigh and ran two fingers down the damp skin of his throat.
John briskly pushed open the glass swinging door to the patient tract in the intensive care ward, where he was brought to Harry's room by a nurse. The woman murmured a few friendly words and patted John's arm with a soothing gesture before leaving him alone in front of the dull white door with blue trim. Paint was peeling off in places, allowing glimpses of the particle board beneath to show through. How many hospital beds had scraped past, how many life-and-death battles had been waged behind that door? But none of that mattered where the life of a loved one was concerned.
"They're all not from here, are they? The omegas. Isn't that a connection? Gwendoline McKenzie is from France, Alison Wright is Scottish, Jean-Baptiste Martin is Creole, Ernesto Wright comes from the Caribbean, and Ghanpati Bishop from India."
Without hesitation John's hand slides under the waistband of his trousers and fumbles somewhat clumsily at his cramped erection, smears pre-cum over his fingers and sighs softly. His knees tremble as if they were made of jelly, and he knows that his legs will no longer hold him if he were so stupid as to finish this standing here in the corridor. So, he withdraws his hand and leans with his ear against the door. His heart skips a beat when he realises how Sherlock's voice falters for a long moment and falls silent, before the orgasm rips through him.
"Let's see... I've seen four, but I think there are two more. Ripley isn't in those though, as far as I know."
John approached the bed with a predatory grin and knelt on the mattress. He closed the minimal distance still separating him from Sherlock, and ended up between his spread thighs.
"Lover?" Nozzer asked sweetly and smiled. Then he turned to John and extended his hand as if in challenge. "Hi, the name's Nick."
"Hey, buddy. Nice to have you back. Lie down." She pushed John's shoulder firmly back down onto the mattress, the meaning clear. "How are you feeling?"
The hands on Sherlock's back were sheer bliss. They ran down his spine to his waist, slid over the curve of his hips and between his splayed thighs, ending up on his arse. John's thumbs rubbed across his dilated anus and pulled it open. He growled darkly once again, making the hairs on the back of Sherlock's neck stand up. Just moments later, Sherlock felt the red-hot tip of a cock on his hole, then the ring of muscle greedily closing around it.
Sherlock made a vague sound and scooted back down onto his back. After stewing silently for a few seconds, he rolled onto his side so that he could see John.
Sherlock pulled away from the fingers and rolled onto his side, facing John, so that he could run both of his hands along the length of John's now fully erect member. He gently pulled the satiny foreskin back, exposed the head, and distributed the moisture around the glans which had collected underneath the foreskin.
"John... a word," Mycroft replied. John paused, turned on his heel, and met Mycroft's gaze head-on. There probably weren't a lot of people who did that, since whenever they met, an expression of delighted consternation appeared on Mycroft's face when John looked him straight in the eye. Even the first time they'd met, John hadn't hesitated to make clear to the other man that he was neither intimidating nor particularly formidable, despite the fact that he was obviously convinced of the authority of his position.
Later, after his knot had deflated and Sherlock lay dozing on his stomach, his head resting on his crossed arms, John set himself the task of kissing and memorising every mole, freckle, and scar on Sherlock's back.
He resisted the impulse to grab hold of Sherlock and prevent him from going anywhere. Instead, he squeezed his hand into a fist and followed Sherlock into the bedroom, where he leaned against the doorframe and watched the omega go to the window and gaze out. John could clearly read the despair, shame, and regret, but also the defiant attitude in both Sherlock's body language and the composition of his scent. John couldn't stand to see his omega so upset. And so he swept his own feelings aside and cautiously approached Sherlock, worried he might scare him away like a wounded animal that felt threatened.
"Come for me," he whispers hoarsely, and just moments later every one of Sherlock’s muscles is contracting uncontrollably. Sherlock turns his head and groans loudly into John's neck as he comes his legs giving out and pulling John down with him to their knees. Milky ejaculate spurts again and again against the door and John’s fist. Reverently, John breathes a kiss on Sherlock's temple, then on his cheek, his jaw, holding him close to his chest so that Sherlock doesn’t collapse further.
"Your father said she presented as an omega and was promptly shipped off to boarding school. That's fairly typical. We omegas don't generally maintain friendships. It must have broken your sister's heart."
John and Redbeard were there, Victor, and even Mrs Hudson. But so was Moriarty with his manic grin. Lestrade tied up in a dark cellar. The stuffed wolf from the zoo. Mrs Hudson and the bomb. And John, over and over. John.
Victor gasped and arched toward him as much as he could without neglecting the work his hands were doing. His train of thought kept derailing, making him flounder as he tried desperately to scrape together the last of his wits.
Greg rubbed the back of his neck, exhaling noisily as if that weren't exactly his favourite topic. John could tell that the tension in the Detective Inspector's shoulders wasn't solely due to their encounter; it was also from work. It must be much more difficult for Greg since Sherlock wasn't there anymore.
"And what if it isn't?" Sherlock interrupted, his eyes flashing angrily at Mike. He shifted his weight impatiently from one leg to the other and pointed an accusing finger at the physician. "It's just as unlikely that everyone is following the new rules, or that every abused omega has the strength to stand up for themselves! The alphas who have always treated omegas like slaves or possessions aren't going to stop now, just because a law has changed and a couple of voices of protest have become louder!"
"Toys?" John's voice so close to Sherlock's ear sounded gruff and salacious. "Did you use an alpha dildo to pleasure yourself?"
without setting off any alarm bells in his therapist's head. But maybe that's precisely what was needed in order to make it clear that something like golf wouldn't be enough for him.
Sherlock let out a cut-off gasp and pressed his nose into the crook of John's neck. John instinctively placed his arms around his omega's waist and pulled him in close. The anxiety making Sherlock's body so tense and stiff was slow to disperse, and it took several long minutes of scenting before Sherlock finally relaxed a bit.
Sherlock nodded and turned to Lestrade. "It was definitely the same killer. It's the same signature."
"That's... enough for now," Victor rasped. His fingers were still wandering absently across Sherlock's shoulder blade, idly probing its structure.
"All right, if you insist on hearing it… Yes, I need you, Doctor Watson. Your medical skills are by far superior to mine. Please, please work with me and so on and so forth," Sherlock says unconvincingly. When John responds with a chuckle, Sherlock pouts, offended and crosses his arms in front of his chest.
Sherlock had just finished his art therapy session, happy to have completed his last picture – a skull on a blue background – so that he could start a new project next time.
John, who had been watching the news up to now, turned the television off and looked over at Sherlock with a concerned expression.
"Good grief, you bloody mule! Can't you listen to me for a change? I don't want anything from her, and I walked out. I just wanted you to know that."
John clenched his left hand into a fist several times, squared his shoulders, and followed the woman to the lifts. He knew from experience that it was useless to say anything to her, as she only spoke to unimportant people like John when she deigned to or was ordered to.
"Hallo, Mrs Holmes. I apologise for dropping by unannounced, but we happened to be in the area and wanted to take advantage of the opportunity to pay you a visit and express our condolences," Victor said, putting on his most winning smile. "I don't know if you remember me..."
"That's true. So let's get down to the nitty gritty. What brings you here, John? Do you want to release William to my care?"
He penetrated Sherlock's body slowly, biting his lips. The incredible tightness and heat tore at his willpower. But Sherlock's heavy breaths and drawn-together brows reminded him to keep still until he'd adjusted to the unfamiliar sensations. Only then did Victor slide in deeper, breathing steadily.
It took many deep breaths before Sherlock was able to get his chaotic emotions under control again. When he finally felt stable enough, he lifted his head and rested his forehead against John's.
John sat up far enough for him to kneel between Sherlock's spread legs and picked up the tube. It squelched when he opened it and squirted some of the viscous fluid onto his extended fingers. He spread it generously around Sherlock's arsehole without even coming close to penetration.
Victor inspected the contents with a frown. There was an opened tube of lubricant gel, but no condoms. Well, that was no wonder given John's long abstinence. In the wake of the day's events, John certainly hadn't thought to purchase any for his date with Mary. Victor bent down to his jeans, took out two square packets, and dropped them onto the nightstand along with the lube.
Sherlock woke several hours later with sore muscles and a headache. Their bodies had drifted apart while they slept, but their hands had found each other underneath the blanket as if a physical separation were unthinkable.
"I'd like to bring John with me. Not to the interview. But I'd like to know he's close by," Sherlock said, watching as John's eyebrows rose toward his hairline in surprise as understanding dawned.
He turned onto his back, stretching his legs out to their full length with the same motion, and running his hand over his crotch in passing. Sucking his bottom lip in between his teeth, he tried to recall the images from the dream which had had such a beguiling effect on him. The memory of the darkroom sent heat shooting into his face. He groaned in embarrassment and covered his face with his arms, hiding in the shadow he created.
Sherlock sighed heavily. "My alpha can't get through an entire heat with me due to his injuries. And that makes him unhappy – as you can see." He gestured vaguely at his injured cheek. "He's looking for another alpha who can take on that duty. Lord Moran expressed an interest, so..."
A door was opened, and out came Sebastian – Sherlock was able to immediately identify him by his scent – and Donovan, who handed the omega and his paperwork over to the two alphas.
John took a step closer to Sherlock and slung one arm around him. With the other hand, he gripped the back of Sherlock's neck. Sherlock instinctively wrapped his arms around John's waist and nuzzled into the crook of his alpha's neck, weeping quietly.
A glance at the clock on the nightstand informed him that it was already much later than he'd thought, and now that he wasn't so distracted, he could also smell John's scent. John was on his way up the stairs to the flat. It would only be a matter of seconds before he smelled Sherlock and his arousal.
The three got into the car, John in the back seat. He leaned his head against the headrest behind him and closed his eyes. He was terribly tired all of a sudden. He let out a soft sigh.
Sherlock became acutely aware of something hard loosening in his chest and sliding into his stomach. A combination of relief and some nameless fear rippled through his body. "But what does that mean? What's wrong with me?" he asked urgently.
But there was also a dulcet pain in Sherlock's chest, a sweet burning in his heart and butterflies in his stomach.
John carefully extricated himself, inhaled deeply one last time and, without even thinking about it, dropped a feather-light goodbye kiss on Sherlock's shoulder.
It takes sixty-one hours before Sherlock springs to his feet, stretching himself with a deep sigh. "John, we need to go to see Lestrade immediately."
Lestrade frowned and rubbed the back of his neck as if he couldn't quite believe what had just gone down. With a concerted effort, he swallowed the tirade he would have hurled at any other omega at a similar juncture. "Good, that's... good."
He felt quite clearly as a shiver ran through Sherlock, and a sigh wended its way out somewhere between their mouths. Sherlock's arms were trembling. Without interrupting the kiss, he shifted his weight onto his right arm, pushed John's t-shirt up with his left hand, and continued caressing every centimetre thus revealed. Through the material of their trousers, John felt Sherlock getting harder and harder until his erection lay heavy against John's thigh, making the pleasurable tingling in his stomach suddenly skyrocket.
Exhaustion spread through every fibre, every bone in John's body, and the sore spots that had been injured by teeth and nails started to quietly make their presence known. Victor's racing heart pounded against John's back. Victor still had both arms wrapped around him, unwilling to move so much as a centimetre.
The butterflies in his stomach, the pain in his limbs and the throbbing in his head started to fade. As if packed in cotton wool, his mind wandered to his quiet place, to the lake where nothing and no one existed other than him. He floated cross-legged above the mirror-like surface of the water, his eyes closed and his breathing calm. He was suffused with a sense of serenity. A feeling that had become familiar and absolutely vital.
The uncertainty in Sherlock's expression was virtually palpable. He stood just a few steps away from Victor, lost and unsure how to proceed. He looked over at the bed, considering the best alternative to tackle the task he'd been set.
John stares transfixed at the screen. The inconspicuous vibrator appears so elegant and high-quality that it hardly looks like a sex toy at all. (But what else can you expect from Sherlock?!)
The room was generously sized. In addition to the obligatory double bed, there was a dresser, a television, and a coffee table. And on the chesterfield behind it sat Ryan Walters, his legs crossed, with a glass of wine in his hand. When he saw the two new arrivals, he set the glass down and stood up, a wide grin on his face. The door fell shut behind Sherlock. Sherlock's eyes met Victor's, utterly bewildered. Victor returned the look coolly and calmly.
Victor reached pensively for the pack of cigarettes on the table, took one out, and lit it. It was an almost perfect opportunity. Rooms in flat shares were incredibly hard to find, and the sooner he got out of the dorm, the better.
People were coming and going in and out of the kitchen, helping themselves to the food and drinks, chatting. Sherlock automatically took a step back when Victor moved toward him and put one hand onto the cupboard behind him to lean on. Only a few centimetres separated them.
"Er... yeah, of course. Who else should I tell about this letter if not you?" John said with a dubious frown. He didn't understand what that had to do with his question.
John stopped speaking and thrust his hand into Sherlock's curls to pull his head closer so that he could press his own nose into Sherlock's fragrant neck.
A hush fell over the conversations around the room as every eye turned toward the woman – almost still a girl, in fact, upon closer inspection. Long, dark hair tumbled down her back and framed her heart-shaped face. Her petite frame was enveloped in red-and-white fabrics, richly embroidered with golden thread and glittering jewels. Only her abdomen and feet were exposed. A ruby-red stone twinkled in her navel. She began to sway gracefully in time with the music.
John inhaled sharply and gave him omega a reproving look. "Please excuse him. He's sometimes a bit… forward."
John stood in the entryway of the house, looking up the stairs when Sherlock descended. A small smile danced on his lips, and he held an empty cloth bag in one hand.
"You did?" John rolled his eyes to himself. Sarah seemed dead set on pursuing this topic today. "But you do realise you'd never have been able to become a doctor, right? Nor own a flat or head up a clinic. You would have been barred from all that. You would have led a modest life in an alpha's shadow, and wouldn't have enjoyed any of the independence you have as a beta."
"Bed," he demanded shortly, withdrawing from Victor's reach. As he moved the last few metres into the bedroom, he held up his jeans so that they wouldn't slide down to his knees and hamper him from walking. Behind him, he heard Victor take off his boots, then the clank of his belt buckle. John sat down on the bed and slipped his trousers off his legs and his socks off his feet with the same motion.
John snuggled up to Sherlock again and grazed his lips across his neck, kissing the delicate skin over and over.
John shrugged and rubbed his eyes. "No idea. Sometime around the time of my first birthday in Afghanistan. It was a present from my buddies. Round the beginning of May, or thereabouts?"
He held one hand to the stitch in his side while he fumbled clumsily for his key with the other. It seemed to take forever before his fingers brushed up against the cool metal. He awkwardly fished the key out of his pocket and tried to stop shaking long enough to get it into the keyhole.
Sherlock scrabbled at his alpha's shoulders to steady himself before running his hands over and over down past John's waist to the dip of his lower back and the firm plumpness of his arse, pulling him closer every time John submersed himself deep inside him, tensing his muscles in a vain attempt to keep him there. The slap of skin on skin echoed in his ears, creating a symphony in tandem with their frantic breaths and keening whines: a language spoken only by lovers.
The hall on the first floor was carpeted in blue. Four doors, two on either side, suggested four rooms, but John suspected that one of them must be a bath. He followed Mrs Holmes into the room at the end of the hall. It seemed to be the office from which she'd fetched the photo album before. To the right was a long desk that ran the entire length of the wall. It was piled with numerous books and loose papers next to the computer monitor; writing utensils lay strewn about haphazardly; and notes and post-its were stuck to every free centimetre.
The roiling burning in John's stomach had become almost impossible to ignore by now. Did he have food poisoning? Was that the reason he couldn't get properly hard? He was only half paying attention to the couple at this point, otherwise he might have noticed Cilia freezing up again. But Bill kept kissing her and increased the speed of her circular caresses between Cilia's legs.
John put on a forced smile. "It was... nice." Too nice. "I learned a lot," he lied and made an effort to keep the corners of his mouth pointing up. Shari twisted her mouth and lifted an eyebrow disparagingly.
Victor, standing with his back to the water, blinked against the sunlight and watched John closely. He didn't know what it was that had impressed Sherlock so much about this John Watson fellow, but there must have been something special. Something extraordinary. Not many people had succeeded in drawing Sherlock's attention and continuing to fascinate him so much that he never lost interest.
Mycroft picked up the second letter and held it up so that John could read the text. "'The Fisherman and His Wife' must refer to that time period," Mycroft said and put the page back down. "I committed a grave error at the time, for which I can never forgive myself." Mycroft stared off into the distance while his hand curled into a fist on the table.
"I can't say for sure. But I don't feel as anxious as last time." He pursed his lips, clearly put off by his admission and having confessed to an apparent weakness.
"I see..." Turning to Nick, he added, "I'm... sorry. For everything. I... guess I overreacted," John said softly.
"Hmm..." Victor said from his spot beside her. They'd taken seats fairly far back on the left, where they had a good view of the others. In fact, as Abigail had said, the lecture was being attended almost entirely by female students who had probably never seen a text written by a Japanese hand in their life.
!" Frustration coloured John's voice dark. Impatient, he thrust his hips back toward Victor and growled insistently.
Victor studied the note in his hand and looked up to compare the information on the overhead display with his notes. He tried unsuccessfully to filter out the cacophony of voices, constant announcements from the station personnel, rapid footsteps, and the scraping sounds of the luggage carts. It was pure chaos all around him. Hundreds of tourists and commuters were rushing through London's King's Cross station to get to their destination that Christmas Eve. Which was usually 'home.' Victor sighed.
"Okay," Inwardly, John is bracing himself for the inevitable. The end of their friendship and their life together.
