_*_*_*_*_*_*_
And then Steve looks up.
“Yeah?”
“What about Tiberius?” Steve asked.
Tony opens his mouth to reply but suddenly his expression darkens as he looks at something behind Steve. Steve turns around, immediately reaching for his shield before realising that he didn’t have it anymore. He hears the high frequency sound of Tony’s repulsors getting ready to fire.
(Tony has had this look of Steve’s directed at him once, before, in Siberia, in the cold when Tony had asked if Steve had known. After that, Tony often wondered whether it was that same look of misery that had graced his features when he’d left, when he’d left Tony, or whether he’d been indifferent. Tony had never imagined he’d see such a pained look on Steve’s face ever again, so he’d committed it to memory in his bitterness, back then. With all the pain that Steve had caused him, it was a comfort to know that Steve hadn’t escaped unscathed.)
There was a man. He was standing next to someone, a friend, not more, Tony thought, as the friend had his metal arm (metal arm!!!) firmly wrapped around the waist of a pretty redhead. He looked a little uncomfortable, as though he was conscious of every cubic centimetre of space he occupied. And Tony found himself almost hating how unfair the situation was because the man was, well, he was just...gorgeous.
“That was Bruce. They found Ty.”
“I’m going to fucking kill him,” said Steve, sudden rage coursing through his veins at what Stone had done to Tony.
Steve’s a little sick of all the silence.
Suddenly, he feels Steve go deathly still. He holds up a hand and mouths,
“I- wow, that’s really, uh, great, I- when?”
“Always.”
(Tony doesn’t cry like most people do with tears streaming down their cheeks. He closes his eyes and his shoulders shake as he waits for the tears to stop flowing. They get caught up in his eyelashes and make his eyes appear red-rimmed. Steve remembers the few nights when Tony would wake up after nightmares and sob in his own quiet, restrictive way. Steve’s shirts would be slightly wet on the days that he found Tony and held him close, keeping those shoulders steady and leading him back to his bed. Those were the days and nights where he had fallen in love without ever realising it, before DC and before SHIELD and HYDRA, before everything had become so immensely complicated.)
“I don’t hate the idea of being soulmates with you, Tony.”
Tony taps at his arc reactor and the armour retracts. It’s beautiful, the way it retreats into him, like it’s liquid, or an extension of his own body. Steve watches Tony’s expression open up. It’s nothing he hasn’t seen before, but he hasn’t seen it in a long time. It isn’t even directed at him, but Tony really is beautiful when the lines in his face fade away a little, and the tension in his shoulders lessens.
and all I could think about was how much I wished that it was me you loved enough to even look at, let alone-”
“Yes, we’re the Aveng- wait,
Steve takes a deep breath, and Tony can feel his chest rise and fall. Proximity. They haven’t been this close to each other in a while.
But Tony isn’t like that. Steve clearly doesn’t care about them being soulmates, and that’s fine by Tony, it really is. He just wishes he could do that- the not caring. But he cares. He cares about the fact that out of all the people he’d seen in love, it had been him and Steve who were soulmates, that even after the universe had fought for them to meet, they had screwed it up. And perhaps, this explained things in a way. Steve had never truly loved Tony. It was the soulmate thing, the soulbond or whatever. Clearly he had just felt some kind of pull towards Tony, had never actually fallen in love with him. And now that Steve knew it, there was no way he wouldn’t completely drop Tony and move on. After they saved the world, Steve wouldn’t care about him anymore. It’s ironic how knowing that something you did wasn’t a choice, but fate, gives you the freedom to change your decision.
“I guess we should figure out where we are. And if there’s anyone else here.” Tony doesn’t say anything but he holds his hand out. Steve takes it and they walk in silence.
“You’ve never corrected me on that before.”
“This is the Soul Stone Realm. You’re here because Thanos wasn’t completely successful.”
“Where do we begin to look?” Steve asks, finally speaking up.
“Well, you are a good man, Captain, as Dr. Erskine had said. Besides, this could save me as well. Perhaps I will finally be at peace after this for I will have done my duty.”
“I’m sorry, what the fuck?” came Clint’s voice behind them. Steve laughed, pulling away, his hand dropping from Tony’s cheekbone to his hand till they were intertwined. He supposed that they had some explaining to do.
“You’ll always be a genius, Tony. I trust you too. You’ll figure it out.”
Or perhaps Steve was being ridiculous. The nausea he felt was probably because the man he was in love with was marrying someone else, not because there was any sort of threat to the wedding. What kind of idiot villain would attack an Avenger’s wedding, anyway?
“Because spending seventy years on an alien planet is more than enough time to have a change of heart, to rethink my life choices, for I now do not have any remaining.”
. It’s not like you didn’t disobey them the minute you had to. They weren’t that permanent anyway. We would have-” his voice cuts off, a little thick and full of emotion but a second later, he’s back again and they walk in silence.
“Hopefully in SHIELD custody.”
They ordered and leaned back, barely tired. Everything was so normal and suddenly it was all too much, looking at Tony still in the armour with a ruined tuxedo underneath.
But Steve had very conveniently left out one person in his fantasy- Ty Stone. Tiberius Stone who loved Tony and who would be Tony’s
“You were right though. You were afraid that I’d react exactly the way I did.”
He wanted to stand up and say that he objected. He wanted to stand up and tell Tony that he was in love with him. He began to lose himself in a fantasy where the preacher would ask the people gathered to either speak then or forever hold their peace and Steve would stand up and tell Tony everything he hadn’t been able to say for the past few months. And Tony would smile, the first real smile of the day. Everyone would look at him with horrified looks but all he would see was Tony because when Tony looks at him with that focussed look of his, the rest of the room blurs. He’d beg Tony not to say a single vow and Tony would laugh in joy and thank Steve for having been there. They’d be willing run away, but they wouldn’t have to because Nat and Clint and Bucky and Rhodes and Pepper and Bruce and Thor and all those who mattered would smile at them.
But there was no time to think about any of that. He had to get to his shield and then get to Tony. Or get to Tony and then the shield. Thankfully, all the Avengers had their comms on them.
“Hey,” he says softly, taking Steve’s hand. Steve shuddered but leaned into the touch. “What’s wrong, Steve?”
, oh god, nothing said permanent like marriage.
“Well, I’ll procrastinate that confrontation because Pepper’s wrath is terrifying. Rhodey’s time zones are all off. And well, you’re one of my best friends so I guess you’re the first to know.” Steve was touched by that but it hurt too. Best friends was all he’d get which was fine. He was happy if Tony was happy. That was how love was supposed to work, right?
“Like the infinity stones? But he got all of them and he snapped, I felt my body go to dust,” Steve interjects, confused as heck. Who the fuck was Peter Quill?
“Okay,” Steve replies. “Okay, yeah, let’s do this.”
“That’s Captain Rogers to you, Stark.”
“This is exhausting,” Tony groaned.
Steve had learnt in those first few years how to adjust to new things, how to adapt to the weirdest of situations, how to find his way around the most unknown of obstacles. But this, Steve does not know what to think of this, how to process something this monumental. This wasn’t just another country or even another planet, it was an entirely new
Before DC, Tony had been happy for a while. He and Pepper had broken up and he’d known it would happen but it was still painful. But he’d shifted into the Avengers tower and he had friends and Steve was his friend and then Steve had kissed him. He’d been giddy with happiness.
And then there’s Steve and Tony again. Even in a room full of people, it always feels like it’s just the two of them.
Tony doesn’t really know what to say to that, but he smiles at Steve. He can feel Natasha’s gaze but he moves a little closer to Steve, till he can almost feel the body heat emanating from him. If he’d had the helmet on, he knows that FRIDAY would be informing him of his increased heart rate and dilated pupils. He ignores all those signs of rising adrenaline and walks with Steve, hoping that Steve can make out what Tony’s trying to say with that closeness. He thinks he can see Steve smile a bit, but he isn’t very sure.
“You’re what now?”
He was short, shorter than even Tony by a few inches maybe, but there was this defiance in the way he held himself that made up for his height. He was clearly a little awkward, but he also looked like someone who would fight every single person in the bar if they said something about it. He was...intriguing. His friend was more well-built, strong-jawed and muscular with that metal arm of his (seriously, though, coolest fucking thing ever). The girl was equally stunning, her sinfully red dress hunting at her curves every time she moved. Tony watched them, barely sipping at whatever acrid drink he’d asked the bartender to concoct for him and suddenly felt a deep hatred overcome him.
, the thick heat and pressure of Steve, and he leaned back against him, panting, as Steve slid back into him, balls-deep, but if he hadn’t been nice and ready, in this position he wouldn’t have been able to do even that; he didn’t have much leverage.
“Of course I have,” Steve said.  “I was there.”  In the audience, anyway, he added mentally.
“I know it’s my fault for makin’ a mess,” Steve said, smiling, meeting his eyes even as he flushed, “but clean up the mirror for me?”  He swiped a thumb over Tony’s mouth, smiled as it came away red.  “With your sweet, pretty mouth?  You’re going to have to be careful, but.  For me?”
“You touched me a little,” Steve said.  “You stepped on me with your shoe.  You touched me at the end.”  He rolled onto his side just enough to prop his eyes open, look up at Tony and smile.  “It was good, Tony,” he managed to mumble.  “I liked it.”
“Giving me the cold shoulder?” Tony asked, and laughed.  “It’s not exactly a surprise.”
His face felt hot, so, so hot, and he thought,
Natasha laughed softly and squeezed his shoulder.  “Holding a grudge from Nationals, hm?” she asked.
Steve gave a little gasping whimper of a noise, followed with a little moan, his hand clutching at Tony’s thigh as he dragged his hand up again, rubbed his thumb over his slit, making a smeared mess of his thick wet cockhead.
sucking on—only vaguely aware of the backs of his knees hitting a bed.  And then he was down on it, his body knowing what to do even when his mind was a floaty mess, underneath Tony, arms bound under his body, against the small of his back, chest heaving, Tony’s leg between his thighs, pressing them out until they were spread, then spread wider, Steve’s ankles hanging loosely off the edges of the bed.  Steve whimpered, bucked and squirmed despite himself, the marks on his back and buttocks burning, hot against the softness of the bed, the scratch of the covers, hot and bright and wonderful, scratchy and sharp with pain, and Tony patted his thigh, kissed the throbbing ache of his bruising areola with soft lips that felt almost gentle, almost soothing, and called him good, good boy, such a good boy.  There were tears sheening Steve’s eyes by that point, good tears.  His cock felt so hard and so hot and so wet.  It was drooling liquid into his bellybutton.  He felt every inch of the pain slut Tony had called him.  He was panting.  It was perfect.
He realized a moment later that Tony’s mouth was moving, but he wasn’t hearing anything at all.  His ears were still ringing.  Tony’s face was tight and he looked upset, mouth twisted even as he bit out words, and Steve had the idea he was probably yelling at him, but he couldn’t hear much at all through the ringing in his ears.
“There was an extra quad toe in there,” Tony said.  “It seems to me.”
“Careful, there,” Tony murmured, low and soft.  There was a sweet, almost shy smile on his face.  “It’ll go to my head.”
As it happened, it looked like what Tony wanted was to have Steve’s hands curled loosely around the back of his own head, and Steve complied with a willing, happy sigh, letting his head roll inward against Tony’s cheek again so his mouth rested against the line of Tony’s beard and curling his fingers eagerly into those thick, dark curls, like so much unspun silk under his fingers, thick and springy and soft.  He loved touching Tony’s luxurious hair, black but not so black it didn’t shine brown in the light, curling and soft under his fingers, even if the best part was always how Tony shuddered and gasped and sighed when he stroked it, and even now, Tony was shuddering under the touch, even as Steve kneaded gently at the back of his neck and curled his fingers loosely into it.
“Tony?  Babe?”  There was no answer.  Steve ducked into the mansion’s living room (the more casual one where the Avengers actually spent most of their time) from the hallway to see the giant Christmas tree he and Thor had hauled back (with most of the others watching and a few unhelpfully pelting them with snowballs until Tony had put a stop to that), all sparkling with ornaments and lights, pushing back his cowl as he did.  The house felt quiet, and most of the lights were off.  Most of the others were probably asleep already.
“Yeah,” Tony breathed, nodded.  He swallowed, blinked, took a deep breath.  “Yeah, ‘m ready.”  It came out low and husky and thick.
Steve licked idly at the tip of Tony’s cock, making him shiver all over with pleasurable overstimulation, one foot kicking out helplessly in reflex against the bed, then leaned up and curled his big heavy warm muscled arm over Tony’s hip, rested his chin on it.  “I didn’t cough that time,” he said, sounding pleased with himself.  “I swallowed it all.”  He ran his fingers up the underside of Tony’s cock, a gorgeous tease that had Tony shivering all over again.  “Didn’t spit it out.”
Steve’s fingers came up a moment later, petted softly over the lace borders of Tony’s stockings, before sliding between his thighs, rubbing at the soft skin just above them. They kept moving up, slid under Tony’s lacy little skirt, kneading at the rounded curves of his ass, massaging against the garters, the lacy edge of Tony’s panties where they peeked out from under it, down over the top of his thighs.  He bent down, warm breath shivering over Tony’s back where it was bare, before he pressed soft, wet kisses down his spine, first over the bare skin, then down through the silky soft lace of the babydoll where it covered Tony’s back, hung loose over his sides.  Tony shivered under him, cock throbbing, and then Steve’s big, heavy length was pushing between his thighs, making Tony hyper-aware of the garters, the stockings, the way the lace and the straps pushed into his skin.  He moaned, pushed back against him, and then Steve was gasping into his back, pressing a kiss right under Tony’s ear, against his neck, and fucking him.
“Good?” Tony asked.  “Bad?  Indifferent?  Green, yellow, red?”
“Trust me,” he murmured.  “I’ve imagined you sucking me off a hundred times if I have once.”
, just
“Mmm,” Steve said. “Ride me a little?  Work yourself on my cock, Tony.”
Steve left the living room after that, hightailed it up to his room to put away his shield, his uniform, and wash up.  He hurried through his shower, changed into a warm soft sweater over his undershirt and his warmest pair of lounge pants, slipped into some slippers, and headed back downstairs to find Tony again.
, but there you had it.  Steve just seemed to do this to him, get him as worked up and breathless as a teenager with a few gruff words or a side-long look.  “I—have had a great deal of practice,” he said, and gave Steve a glance up through his lashes.  “I assume you’re referring to activities of a sexual nature,” he said, letting his own voice go husky and deep and soft.  “Though, I mean, I have had a great deal of practice at other things.  Ping-pong, trigonometry, appearing in the tabloids, giving Nick Fury heartburn . . . .”
“Oh, thank you, darling,” Tony murmured.  “You don’t have to if you’d rather not.  Don’t feel badly if you don’t want to swallow.”
Tony was scheduled to go on the ice after Steve, so Steve figured he’d still be warming up.  He was concentrating so hard on his choreography—and getting it
Tony, and everything Tony did to him was so—so goddamned perfect he didn’t even know what to do with himself.  And having his nipples weighted and clamped was one of his
Steve shook his head, rested his hands on Tony’s hips, just for a moment, then just wrapped his arms around him, tracing his palms warm over Tony’s skin, the slenderness of his hips, the fullness of his rear, up over the small of his back.
“Not sure if you want more,” Tony murmured, stroking Steve’s neck, his jaw, lightly again.  His eyes were fixed on Steve’s, watchful, somehow careful.  “But I’d like to give you more.  What do you say, big fella, huh?”
“Not like that,” he managed against Tony’s lips, not quite pulling away.  “I love you.  This was perfect.  Thank you.”
“Thanks, Tony,” he managed to get out, and it came out of him low and thick and raspy.
on his
Tony was moaning softly but regularly by the time that Steve stopped, laid the flogger down, and reached up to run his hand gently over the now very warm skin of his shoulders, make Tony gasp and squirm under him, just a little.  “How was that, fella?” Steve asked.
, and even as misery curled in Steve’s stomach at the thought, it was making him even harder, and God, what was wrong with him—
Steve leaned in and licked it off.  “You’ve got the most adorable, handsomest nose, too,” he added.  “I forgot to mention that.”
“Okay,” Steve breathed.  “Good.”
Whenever they did this, Steve watched Tony’s every response even more carefully than normal, watching for every twitch, every quiver, every indrawn gasp of breath, and he always felt himself getting caught up in it, in Tony’s reactions, feeling warm as Tony gasped and shuddered, at the burgeoning hardness he could see between the part of Tony’s legs as Tony writhed, hitched his knee up against the bed as he rubbed it down against the covers and spread himself wide enough to give a good view of his tight balls and filling cock.  He just loved seeing Tony like this, responding to him, gone high on sensations, reacting, trembling, raw and honest and real and almost helpless under him, and they’d just barely started, loved watching him for each response, each tell, so that Tony’s body could tell him what to do, how to strike him, how to bring him pleasure.  He felt himself getting hard, straining his briefs, against his soft slacks, and swallowed, knowing he’d be throbbing with want the entire time he was doing this; he always was.  It added to it, for him, that heat and throbbing desire, pounding in his cock, in his head, his pulse beating through his entire body, it felt like, but he had to be careful to focus, anyway.  Tony deserved his full attention, always.
“That was nanotech, brain freeze,” Tony said.  He leaned in, scooted up a little, and his body was pressed against Steve’s now, or the armor was, half supporting him, and his lips brushed against Steve’s temple, along his forehead, pressing in soft and rough and gentle against his skin.  Steve immediately felt a sting of heat across his forehead, wherever they touched, like he’d gone warm into his core at the touch, but it couldn’t have been a purposeful kiss, he knew that.  A moment later, Tony’s gauntleted hand was firm under Steve’s wrist, his forearm, gripping at his hand.
century.  There probably weren’t many people who made it almost a hundred years with only their right hand for intimate company.
“Good,” Tony murmured.  “That’s good.”  He leaned in then, blew out a breath, and it feathered over Steve’s sore, clamped nipple, and he gasped, jerked on a helpless moan at the soft sensation of Tony’s warm, feathery breath.  Tony took another breath, blew it out again, then moved to the other, gave it two puffs of air, too, and Steve was squirming, felt his eyes go wet where they were shut tight, behind his eyelids, because it was just . . . so much.  He couldn’t help the noise he made when Tony closed his mouth—wet, hot, soft and sucking around the cold hard steel, the unforgiving bite and the pain of the pressure biting into his muscle—around his nipple and
(Ha!)
Tony quirked an eyebrow. “I seem to remember
They stayed in once place on the outskirts of the dance floor, just practicing the box step.
“You can’t be serious.” Tony shook his head.
“Shit!  Tony, I’m sorry, I—“ Steve raised a hand to thump Tony on the back, then stopped himself.  Tony sputtered.
God he was a mess sometimes!  He’d practically panicked.  That was far from the first time a woman had approached him.   (“Hit on you!” Tony’d say.)  But Steve’d never reacted like that before.  Sure, it was always awkward.  He couldn’t understand how someone,
you. I don’t give a good goddamn about PR compared to your safety. What the hell do you think of me?”
“Shall I get your chair?” Tony asked with a teasing smile. “Since I’m taking you on a date?”
+++++++++++++++
Steve drew in a startled little breath and Tony knew, he just
Pepper’s brow creased. “I’ll
“You,” Tony whispered. “I want you.  Steve, please, I want you. I—“
“Nah, I’ll try his other number.”
Thank you all so much! You have brought me so much joy!
“Sure, whenever. And, let me know when you decide what you want to order. I’ll help you figure out ordering online and stuff.”
“Put us in lockdown, J” Tony said. “I need to focus on finishing Cap’s suit, then getting Widow and Hawk up to speed. No time to lose. They’re being cleared for duty soon.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Blackout, J!”
(Deep breaths. )
When he tumbled out of the emergency stairs, Tony was unprepared for the sight that greeted him. Steve was outside, standing barefoot in the snow, wearing only boxers and a t-shirt. His body shuddered violently and his fists clenched the railing.
Steve gasped and gaped at him with shock. It didn't hurt--not much anyway, barely stinging. It was a weak blow, uncoordinated, softened by the bandages, but he hadn't expected--
(See the end of the chapter for
“Lunch,” Tony repeated dubiously. (What the hell time was it? How could time crawl and fly at the same time? Ugh.)
“Don’t fake with me,” Steve scolded. “You’ve got a real eye for design! Plus,” Steve hesitated again,“the point is to do it
“Thank you for cooking brunch, Steve,” Clint said, oddly formal.
She frowned at him. “No. Tony, dear, you bought a
(But wait . . . Wait. x -- p)
Steve took a sharp breath.  He nodded.
Tony nodded.
, my lips would be sealed. I wouldn’t breathe a word to the others.”
and everything you did-- every touch, every gesture, every word-- made me feel so good and so
Or maybe even:
—we’re really drunk. Water. You need to water. More. Here. I’m—I’m gonna . . . gonna get you some water.”
Bruce replied softly, but with Steve's enhanced hearing it was still audible: “What do you mean?”
(Okay. Back to work on the training bots. Steve had sounded pretty excited about them.)
Tony snorted. “Is that a hint, Dummy? I’m supposed to be working?”
“Sam Adams, then.”
Pepper sighed against his hair.  “That would be perfect.”
and Chinese food! How chill is that? And
“I hope I wasn’t intruding,” Steve added eventually, pulling Tony from his thoughts.
“There you are,” Bruce said with a smile. “I was half afraid I’d have to come get you from the workshop.” Bruce cast a glance over to the large table where Natasha and Clint were helping Steve wrap presents, bickering playfully about their relative gift-wrapping skills. Bruce lowered his voice and added, “I think Steve was starting to worry you’d changed your mind. About the Christmas stuff.”
Rogers nodded.  Again, he didn’t look terribly disappointed.  He gave Tony a little smile.
(See the end of the chapter for
Eventually Steve pulled back, panting a little.
and a third round of pie. Easy, breezy, beautiful Covergirl.”
“New Jersey,” Steve answered. “Coordinates are at the comm.”
Steve tipped his head back and squeezed his eyes shut tight.
“Cap doesn’t like that kind of language,” Nat scolded Clint with a teasing glance to Steve, who looked a little embarrassed.
made sure there were no witnesses.”
Tony woke up early, before his alarm even went off, still feeling tired. He’d slept badly, waking often and tossing in his bed. (Alone.) But things were fine. Tony hopped into the shower.
Steve added, helplessly as he turned away, “I thought--” but couldn’t finish the sentence.
He waited. A long time. (For him.) He went to the gym. He had a shower. He made some tea.
“Yeah,” Cap said. Out of the corner of his eye, Tom saw that he was smiling. “I think we’re done here.”
“Deal ‘em!” Clint cried.
Tony cracked a smile and gestured to himself as he added, “I mean, it’s a great little machine, even if it is an older model, but the mileage is getting up there and it’s had some wear and tear.”
“But I had already made a commitment anyway.”
Steve’s rope was thick and soft, a luxurious jet-black that would make a vivid contrast against Tony’s skin. He took one of Tony’s wrists in a large hand and, with a frown of intense concentration, set two fingers against Tony’s pulse and laid out the bight.
Tony grimaced. “Look, it’s weird, ok? Steve’s my friend.”
“Deal. Be here at 12:45. On the dot!.”
With a little luck in RL and a little writing inspiration, I'm hoping I might have the next chapter up soon.  Say, Valentine's day?  :)
Tony found he was amused despite himself. “Gin and tonic.”
.  Thrilling.  Even as familiar as they’d become with each other’s bodies.
Everyone’s attention whipped over to Rogers. It was pretty much the first thing he’d said the entire time.
.  Bet he loved—huh.  Good question.  Probably Luke, the wide-eyed idealist, though Hon Solo was a real Dom’s Dom.
“Mmmm.”
“Yes, Steve,
“Steve,” Tony gasped, scrabbling at the buttons of his shirt before giving up on them and moving his hands to Steve’s belt.  Tony thrust his tongue in and out of Steve’s mouth-- wet, hot, beautiful—as he worked his way into Steve’s underwear.  There wasn’t enough air. Tony’s hand was tight and firm around his erection.  The calluses from long hours in the workshop were rough against his sensitive skin, a delicious friction.  (Oh!)  Steve fumbled with Tony’s buttons and (finally!) got his hand around Tony’s cock.
“He was the sous chef at this amazing joint back in the day.”
. No, truly epic. Move over Chitauri. You see . . .”
Bruce hesitated.  “Maybe—“ He still wouldn’t look Tony in the eye.  “I don’t know, Tony.”
“How’d you take the dragon out?” Tony asked Natasha.
not right.)
“Let’s get you dry, hm?” Steve said absently as he started working the towel across Tony’s body.
—the whole shebang.  Hash browns, bacon, eggs, French toast.  Three of everything.”
In the elevator, Tony started worrying at his lip, then stopped abruptly. He refused to worry. There was nothing to worry about. (What’s a few hours tardiness between friends?)
“Not happening, Stark.” Fury crossed his arms.
Steve smiled.
Steve let out a choked little sound. “You’re the
“Oh. I didn’t think we were—“ Bruce faltered. “And I don’t actually celebrate Christmas. Uh-- I made cookies?”
Thatwhichyields, my brilliant beta, suggests that I warn you for spoilers for The Hobbit, if you haven't read the book.  (And if not, go read it! It's great!)
“Nope, not that I know of, but there are some good ones left—don’t worry. I’ll pick something upbeat,” Tony promised, then said, casually, “Oh, hey, but before we get settled with
Tony’d nearly hidden in the bathroom for the count-down and ball drop, but he’d luckily found himself in Veronica’s friendly arms again and was the contented recipient of one very chaste New Year’s kiss. (Her quirked lips and raised eyebrow offered more, but she let it go at the very slightest shake of his head.)
“Why won’t you fuck me?”
The Star
Tony pet the spot he’d swatted and said, “I don’t want you rubbing off on the mattress.  You’ll come when I say you can.”
Tony frowned.  Bruce was looking a little green after their flight, but more with sickness than with rage.  There were SHEILD agents maintaining a wide perimeter around the carousel, not that there was much of anybody in Central Park at 3 am.
Tony smiled sweetly.  “Do I have to pick just one?”
The wind whipped up suddenly and Tony shivered.
“Sir, I have already done so.”
go to Boston for Thanksgiving.”
“Great,” Bruce said. “Thanks, Tony. Really.”
Steve knew better than to ask Ms. Potts to deliver the letter of course, but Rhodes had always been cordial—even a little star struck when they first met.  And perhaps he and Ms. Potts weren’t close. Maybe she hadn’t mentioned Steve’s behavior—or her assumptions; Steve still wasn’t sure what she actually knew.  And he couldn’t picture Tony speaking ill of him to Rhodes—or, not telling tales. Generally cussing about him and what a jerk he is? Yes. Telling him about their . . . encounter?  No. No, he couldn’t picture that.
Steve shivered.  He wanted Tony.  All of him, everything, and he definitely wanted sex with Tony.  Wanted it fiercely, desperately, urgently.  Steve wondered distantly if he was guilty of the sin of lust, but the idea couldn’t hold his attention.  (Love—it’s
“It’s late,” Steve added.
It seemed like she was watching the film, but her eyes kept flicking away to check the windows. And the door. (Her seat had the best view of all points of entry, and that wasn’t seeming coincidental.) And when her eyes weren’t glancing from the screen to the entries, she was casting little glances at the others. Watching them as Tony had been. Mostly Clint, but Cap and Bruce as well. And Tony too, he guessed, though he never caught her at it.
Tony tied the bow-tie around Dummy’s K-joint.
“I’m gonna tell the team there’s an emergency and head out in the suit,” Tony said. “I’ll be there in two hours. Tops!”
“I never flay anyone,” Steve said. “I merely had a few . . . serious words with him.”
Rogers looked incredulous. “I don’t care about PR,” he cried, outrage stamped on his face. “I thought you were in
Tony held out a hand imploringly.
—but it was injured and didn’t get far. Widow dodged its remaining legs as they shot out at her and left a throwing knife in its eye; Clint pin-cushioned it with arrows, managing to pierce the exoskeleton at point blank range; and Cap bludgeoned it with his shield, finally smashing its head, then decapitating it. Its legs spasmed and Tony struggled free.
Tony seemed half-asleep already. Steve loved it when Tony was boneless and spent with pleasure, sprawling luxuriously in bed, but this deep exhaustion was a sad shadow of that happy fatigue. Tony turned towards the bed, but Steve led him to the bathroom instead and started to run the tub.
.” WHAP! “The Internet!” THUD-WHAP-WHAP.
Tony crooked his fingers and rubbed inside him hard.  Steve arched and cried out again.
“Chill out, Steve,” Tony said, walking over to Pepper, “I’m good. Just toss me that pillow, would ya?”
“Sweetheart,” Tony said, sounding startled.  “Steve, sugar, what—”
“Oh, good,” Steve said, breathing out a long sigh of relief, reaching up and brushing tangled curls off Tony’s forehead.
“Oh, honey,” Tony murmured. His hands skimmed down over Steve’s shoulders, rubbed at the small of his back. “Of course.  Just hope you’re feeling better, that’s all.”
Steve nodded, eyes dark and cheeks flushed, and arranged himself in place, lying across Tony’s thighs, bracing himself on one arm.  His body felt very warm against Tony’s, radiating heat.  His eyes kept flicking down to Tony’s dick.  “Makes sense,” he muttered.  “Like this?”
“No, no,” Steve murmured, hand coming up and traveling softly through his damp hair.  “You’re so beautiful, sweetheart.  That was amazing.  You’re amazing.  Thank you.”
“Mmm,” Tony said, closing his mouth and clearly savoring it, swallowing, rocking his hips and letting his eyes slip closed, his head fall back, in a way that reminded Steve very, very vividly of how he looked in other situations.  His cheeks were even slightly, visibly flushed.  “You’re good to me, babe,” he murmured.
Steve felt himself blush, looked down.  “Tony,” he mumbled.  He knew his ears were red.  He didn’t even know why he was so embarrassed, just that he felt like he was the lucky one, to be with Tony, that Tony was even interested in looking after him like this, in putting him through the floor.  Sometimes he felt selfish to even ask for it.  After all, what did Tony really get out of it?  But Tony said he’d come so hard, so—so that was good.  That was a good thing that Steve had been able to do for him.
“S-sure thing, honey,” Tony moaned between licks at the mirror.  It tasted like Steve, musky and salty sweet, strangely cool on his tongue. “’Course.”
“A—a what?” Steve managed to get out.
“He had already been pushing it,” Natasha said, “with the partying.  The drinking.  It’s not a surprise.”
“Yes,” Steve slurred, “Yessir, yes, sir, ready.”  He flexed his shoulder muscles, arched his back, pushing his chest up into Tony’s hands, trying to show him how ready he was, even as it scratched his sore shoulders along the bedspread.  Tony slapped his tits again, pressing his hand into each one and squeezing as hot prickling sensation, both pain and pleasure at once, swept through Steve from the smacks, one on each side.  Steve was panting, his chest heaving, even before Tony rubbed his palms over his nipples and reached down for the clamps.
“Good boy,” he heard himself breathe again.  “Why don’t you put your hand down your pants, darling?  Get your cock out.  I want to see you touch yourself while you’re sucking me.”
, get them wet with Steve’s own precome, and he’d—oh, God, that was so hot, that was so—he groaned, gasped, jerked up against Tony, arched his back, unable to help himself, just writhing as everything went white and bright and hot and perfect inside his head with the pure want of it, the one-two punch of hot not-quite-humiliation and the twist of desperate desire.  “Let me in, sweetheart,” Tony murmured, hot, against Steve’s neck, against his pulse, and Steve gasped, gasped and held in his breath, floating on it in that hot bright space where everything was pleasure, for just a moment before he was thinking enough to consciously relax his muscles, bear down, and Tony’s slick fingers—God, slicked up with Steve’s
, that was
.  And they scraped him inside, rough and dragging and painful, but God, it was so, so good, too, they felt so
Steve wasn’t thinking straight, he was feeling warm and soft, getting to hold him like that, when he linked their fingers, curled his own inwards against his stomach, and let his mind drift.
Saying that, please, while he pressed his tongue against his lower lip, looked up at Steve through his eyelashes, was unfair, and he knew it, wasn’t above it.  He felt hot himself, turned on, his cock throbbing where it was captured behind his garter belt and panties, the sensitive tip tingling and aching against the soft lace, his nipples feeling hot and tight, too, every time the lace trailed over him.  Steve could never resist him saying please, all husky and low and breathy and turned on, and the eyelashes made him weaken, too.  Sure enough, Steve let out a low, stuttering groan, and his eyes fluttered shut, just for a moment, his cock thickening up and pulsing in Tony’s hand until wet precome dripped down it against the back of his hand.  Tony just stroked him, keeping his eyes on Steve’s face, drinking up every shiver, every reaction, every time Steve bit his lip or his eyes fluttered, the flush over his cheeks.
“That’s the spirit,” Tony agreed.  He always enjoyed the feel of Steve’s stubble over his smooth skin, barely visible it was so blond, but scratchy under his thumbs as he stroked them along the strong, square lines of his jaw.  His skin was so warm with his flush, especially as he gave Tony another look, his gaze lingering on his chest, before it flicked down to his cock again and he took a breath, licked his bottom lip.  He scooted forward a little more, reached forward with one big, broad hand and slid it up over Tony’s hip.  It felt so warm, he was so warm, that paradoxically it made Tony shiver under him, especially as Steve rubbed his thumb at the curve of his hip.  Tony felt himself let a breath out, sink back into the pillows, and Steve smiled up at him.
“Nudge on up,” Steve murmured, and Tony obeyed, put both hands on his shoulders, squeezed his knees tight against Steve’s sides and pushed himself up on thighs that wavered, felt strangely weak, hot and sweaty.  His caged cock swung, heavy between his thighs, and he rocked on his knees, feeling it swing heavily from side to side, touch first one hot inner thigh, than the other.  It felt so heavy.  “Sink down on me, Tony, can you do that?” Steve murmured, and Tony nodded, reached back with one hand, searching for Steve’s cock until he found his warm thigh (firm with muscle, glowing with heat, smooth skin under his hand), and slid it over until he could find Steve’s hot, wet dick, wrap his hand around the wide girth of the base and guide it back toward his own wet hole.  “That’s right,” Steve gasped, “that’s so good.” Tony smeared Steve’s blunt cockhead clumsily against his hole, and they both gasped, Tony moaned.
After a moment Steve raised his head, cleared his throat, coughed a little into his hand.  “I didn’t finish you off, though,” he said.
“Uh,” Tony mumbled. There was drool dripping out of his mouth now, over his tongue, saliva smearing across the mirror, which felt warm from his breath.  “Not. Not very.”  He always closed up fast, squeezing down like his stupid tight, tense ass didn’t want to be open, not even for Steve.  And maybe that had sort of been true in the past, but it wasn’t now, not with Steve.  Tony—he—he kind of liked, maybe, being worked open for him, being made ready to take Steve’s big, overwhelming thickness.  He didn’t mind it, anyway.
“You’re awful flattering,” Steve said, with a quick smile, and bent his head to Tony’s cock again.  This time he slid his hand down to Tony’s balls, tugged on them gently then closed his hand over them, rolling them under his palm.  His fingers curled under them, stroked over Tony’s perineum, up against his balls, even as Steve tongued at Tony’s slit again, and Tony’s brain just—stuttered to a stop for a moment, pleasure sweeping over him.  Steve’s other hand was so warm on his hip, warm and broad and steadying, and something inside of Tony was unwinding, going loose and soft and easy, his control eroding until he couldn’t help the little jerky movements of his hips, the way they wanted to move.  Steve made a pleased noise and started rocking with the movements, rocking his head back, like he’d been doing it for years.  See, Tony thought, he’d known Steve would be good at this—he was so coordinated, so graceful, of course he was good at it—and then Steve sucked on him again, this time taking more of his cock into his mouth, and his thoughts went scattering away again.  He felt very, very warm, hot all over, and dizzy, his head light and fizzy and bright with pleasure.  Everything felt so good; everything felt amazing.  He found himself melting back into the pillows, lolling against them, legs spread, head sinking soft into the pillows as he slid down against Steve’s mouth, sinking even further into the bed.  Steve hummed a little, again, and his other hand slid warmly over Tony’s hip, his thigh. Tony shuddered deliciously, all over, moaned, lifted his hips for Steve’s mouth, and Steve slid his tongue down his cock obligingly.  God, he felt good.
Steve chucked a bit bashfully and gave a little shrug.
Rogers vaulted into the air and JARVIS, who apparently had a certain dramatic flair, made the zombies swarm into the space Rogers had just left. Tony learned then that “as high as he could jump” was pretty damn high for Rogers; luckily it was easy to readjust Iron Man’s flight pattern. Tony caught the shield smoothly, then pulled Rogers up into the side hold.  (Side hold.  See?  Not hug.)
Bruce paused.  “Okay.  Maybe not.  But I think we’ve gotten all we’re going to get from this particular exercise.”
“Nah. Gotta . . . gotta help ‘im t’ bed. ‘s m’job.”
“Is that everything?” Tony asked, checking the Rolls one more time.
Tony’d been wanting to upgrade his teammates’ gear for a while.  (Ever since October First, surprise surprise.)  Actual Kevlar was obviously too heavy and bulky to be practical for hand-to-hand fighters like Widow and Cap, but SHIELD’s substitute material sacrificed a lot of protection for its increased flexibility.  Tony was pretty sure he could do better.  (Who’s he kidding?  Of course he can.)
(Oh fuck!)
“That isn’t the Iron Man suit you wear in training,” he said with a quizzical look.
“Tony?” he murmured barely fluttering his eyes open.
Rebecca gave a theatrical pout. “So, I won’t get to feed you breakfast?” She sighed. “Well, all right. I suppose I’ll live.”
“Damn straight,” Rhodey agreed seriously, looking over at Tony with a challenging expression Steve couldn't quite grasp. Then Rhodey gestured to the second couch and added, “Go grab a beer, Steve. Join us for a drink.”
Tony nodded.  “Yeah, that was a good bike.  I mean, nothing compared to what I could design, but not bad for the old stuff.”
“I do my best,” Steve said, softly, fingertips rubbing at Tony’s scalp.
“Good,” Steve said, softly. “Good, Tony, that’s good.” He reached up, played lightly with the visible lock, though there were more mechanisms, inside, keeping it carefully secure, impossible to get off without Steve’s key.  “Even locked up, I want you to feel good, mister.  It’s not too tight, or pinching at all?  Your cock is all comfortable locked up like this?”
The stretch was huge, overwhelming, just as overwhelming as it had been the first time, and he found himself gasping, moaning, trembling as he braced himself on Steve, as Steve filled him up.  He rocked over Steve, panting, feeling him so thick and hot and full, pulsing inside him, heard his own harsh breaths in his own ears.  He found himself rubbing his caged cock up against Steve’s belly, feeling the heaviness of it, the ghosts of warmth, of sensation, the tugs on the needy ache that was desperate for friction, for something more than he was getting, but was held at bay as his cock was kept soft and tight, even as he lifted himself up again, sank back down, and then he was falling into a rhythm, working himself on Steve’s dick, sliding up and down, idly rubbing his caged cock against Steve’s hard, muscular stomach the whole time, not really for the friction of it, just because it somehow felt good, right, the feeling of the pressure, the tugging, the metal on his cock warming from being pressed between them. Steve felt so big and thick and insistent inside him, heating him up from the inside out, sending pleasure shivering through him despite the initial overwhelming ache and discomfort and spread of the stretch, every time his big hot length shivered over that place inside, and Tony just—he found that soft place again, settled into it, working himself up and down on Steve’s big cock, arching his back to rub his caged cock idly, pointlessly, helplessly, up against Steve’s rigid abdomen, feeling his warmth on his cock only as the metal heated, panting, staring up at Steve, feeling like his eyes were starry and wet.
Tony smiled, feeling a warm glow of pleasure sweep over him at that, from the top of his head on down like a prickling wave of warmth.  Steve had said good, that that was good, so he was doing well.  He was making Steve happy.  So far, at least.  And Steve’s hands on his body, on his nipples, felt good, coaxing warm, soft pleasure up against them, making them tingle and warm until he felt a little more wet precome slick over the tip of his cock.  “Can I,” he said, and swallowed.  “Can I do anything for you, though?”  Maybe he could touch Steve, or maybe Steve would want to use his mouth? His mouth felt wet, eager, tingling, just at the thought.  “I could blow you,” he offered.
Tony’d expected Steve to practically trip over himself in eagerness, relieved and happy, but instead Steve looked even more uncertain as he stepped forward to pull Tony’s chair out for him.
“I’m fine,” Steve said, instantaneously, by rote.
, trying to be courteous and treat you with
“Uh-huh,” Tony murmured, running a slow caress up Steve’s arm.
“Steve.  Tony,”  Jake asked with his deep voice.  He was wearing a red and black plaid shirt.  (No wonder Steve liked him!)  “What can I get you?”
“Oh, just some old stuff that was lying around the Tower,” Tony said casually, “JARVIS reminded me that we had some ornaments after all.”
“It—”  Tony was having trouble getting the words out.  All of a sudden he was terribly thirsty, but he would have to let go of Steve to reach the water and that wasn’t an option.   He licked his lips and tried again.  “It’s all right, sweetheart,” Tony whispered, his voice rough and his eyes prickling.  (Pathetic.  Nothing’s happened to
@the-cake-came-first
Natasha filled Tony’s ‘I <3 NYC’ mug nearly full to overflowing and set it on the counter for him. Tony snatched it up eagerly.
Tony nearly laughed. (“Delivery assistant” my ass.)
“Let him bolt straight to the workshop,” Natasha said. “It’s where he’ll want to be.”
“Good morning!” Steve said brightly (and a little too loud for pre-coffee Tony). He leaned down for a quick kiss and Tony caught him by his sweaty shirt.
Tony groaned.  “You know, maybe I’m tired after all.”
A pause.
“Dude, I’m just messing with you,” Tony said, trying to keep the tone light. “Look underneath.”
“Make you a drink, soldier?” Tony offered with a quirked eyebrow.
Sorry no Steve in this chapter!  I promise he'll be in the next one! I was originally going to write a big long chapter with all of this, and Steve, and the media, but it was taking a long time and I didn't want to keep you waiting.  So, sorry no Steve, but, hey, no more cliff hanger, right?  :-)
Tony gestured to his face.  “That the worst of it?”
“Good fight, Iron Man,” Rogers said briskly, but sounding a little out of breath himself. “I think that’s enough for today though, don’t you?”
Tony rolled his hips up against Steve’s; he was achingly hard now and could feel the blush spreading down his chest.
—when it’s too raw. So, I wondered, has he ever said anything to you about the war? Or about the past at all?”
“Hey hey,” Tony said. “Just down in the workshop and was suddenly thinking maybe you’d like to come down and draw? If you’re not busy. Or, actually, I’m at a stopping place, so maybe we could do something? Go out?”
“Yeah, sure,” Tony said. “We’re cool. Whatever.”  Tony rubbed the back of his neck for a moment, then offered Bruce a tentative smile.  “So, want to work on those readings?  Because I’ve got another theory.  If we fill our data gap with a theoretical reading, then . . . ”
And, yeah, that kinda made Tony pleased—that Steve said congratulations without asking
Steve parked the bike in the garage and quickly shed his gear. The need to see Tony, to feel Tony, was an ache beneath his skin. Steve strode to the elevator.
“Good boy,” Tony said again, and then his hand was under Steve’s back, against his spine, stroking down the small of it, and he was pushing up, and Steve realized what he wanted and worked his muscles and pushed with him until he could get himself up and sway forward, and then almost shouted as he came up and was sitting on his sore, marked, sensitized buttocks, hot and tender against the bed, and the weights were swinging down, tugging on his nipples, his tits, until he was gritting his teeth and groaning.  His head swung forward, down, and then Tony’s hand was there, bracing it, petting his hair back, and Steve moaned and turned his face in toward Tony’s hand, rubbing his cheek against the comforting firm, hard calluses, the way Tony cradled his cheek and jaw, stroked his wet, parted, open lips with his thumb, let Steve flick his tongue along the nail and suck wetly at the pad of it as he groaned through the weight at his nipples.  Tony’s other hand came around and rubbed at, cupped, the back of Steve’s neck, stroking gently through the wet hair sticking there at the back of Steve’s neck even as he panted and groaned against Tony’s other thumb with every breath.  The weights pulled on the clamps, pulling them down until every breath brought a painful, tingling ache as they swung and pulled on his nipples.  His nipples felt very raw and hot, a prickling heat tingling against the air.
Even if he could have, he couldn’t have put some civilian in danger just to sate his curiosity.  And Steve hadn’t been able to think straight, not with Rumlow’s heat and energy and sturdy bulk there in his arms, pushing up against him, his dick hot against Steve’s through their trousers, and Steve found himself panting, gasping until his breath almost sobbed in his throat like he’d been running, both arms coming up to fist at the back of Rumlow’s shoulders, pulling him into Steve as he arched his back and pushed his hips up into him, the masculine smell of him and sweat and beer heady in his nose in the way he’d fantasized so much about during the war, about so many soldiers, big and sturdy and strong, pushing into him like this, body hot and hard against his, but he’d been Captain America and he couldn’t, and then Rumlow was running his hand down the muscles of Steve’s thigh through his jeans, sliding his hand around and pushing two fingers roughly down his crease, even through his jeans, against his hole, and Steve could barely feel it through the rough scratch of his jeans and the fabric of his underwear but he still almost came just at that, and he could hear the wild, almost mournful cry he let out against Rumlow’s mouth as he arched and his hips juddered helplessly.  He felt just as helpless, almost, out of control, pressing his wrists against Rumlow’s neck and gasping as his tongue swept across Steve’s mouth, pushed back into it like he was planting his flag there, biting at his lips until they felt wet and swollen and stinging.
Steve smiled, rubbed his thumb gently over Tony’s foot, up over his ankle.  “I did have
He hadn’t realized exactly when Rumlow had started flirting with him, hadn’t realized Rumlow was flirting with him at all at first.  And then he hadn’t quite believed it wasn’t just his imagination, because—a fella?  Flirting with him?  Out in the open like that?  The way it had made his belly clench up with want and need and longing made it feel like—like it couldn’t possibly be real, he’d felt his face going hot, sweat, hot and nervous, slicking his hands and under his arms and the back of his neck just like it was doing now.  But Rumlow had been making it obvious, then, licking his bottom lip in such a . . . sexual way, rubbing his thumb against it, then against his pool cue, even parting his lips, sucking on the cue, and Steve—Steve had known he shouldn’t, had known Rumlow was probably drunk, but he’d still ended up with Rumlow shoving him into the wall outside the restroom, slick, messy kisses that made him go hot, made him push into them eagerly—because he hadn’t known that a kiss could be so hot and biting, so eager and intense, and Rumlow had gotten a hand up into his hair and
“That’s it,” Tony panted, petting his fingers through Steve’s hair as his throat worked and he let Tony’s length slide messily and wetly out of his mouth again to lick around the head.  “That’s it, God, does that feel good?  How’s your hand feel on your cock, huh, honeybunch?  That feel good?”
Steve smiled, and it was gorgeous, like a sun rising over the water, bright and gilded, his tongue running along his damp, swollen bottom lip before he bit it and the smile went charmingly crooked.  That smile could power whole buildings, Tony thought loopily, if only he could find some way to harness it.  “Nope,” he said.  “See, I was expecting it this time, Stark.”
“God, good boy,” Tony breathed, moaned, lifting his hips for Steve again, and Steve’s hand slid down, curved around his ass, squeezing, pulling him in.  His hand was so warm, and that was so hot, Steve manhandling him gently, all his strength turned to pulling Tony close almost needily, like he wanted him further in his mouth.  Letting Steve angle him how he wanted him was somehow incredibly hot, and Tony heard himself groan as pleasure went through him at Steve pulled back over his cock, then pushed forward again, letting Tony’s length slide forward into him again.  Watching his own cock slide between those soft, wet lips was incredibly hot, the way Steve’s eyes were half-lidded but he still looked incredibly focused, like he was thinking only about how to make this good for Tony.  Steve was flushed all over, though, and his chest was heaving, which usually meant he was turned on himself, and he was huffing through his nose hot and heavy.  “You’re a natural.  Are you liking this?  Like getting your mouth on my cock?  You’ve been wanting that, huh?  Is this getting you hard, big fella?  It going to your cock?  Sucking my dick for me?”
Steve huffed through his nose.  “You
Steve nodded again, pulled at his cock another time and moaned wetly around Tony’s dick.  His mouth was so wet and hot, and with his hand on his cock it was getting messier, sloppier, smearing all over Tony’s cockhead, all over Steve’s lips and chin.
“Mmm,” Steve said.  “Thought we could snuggle some more up there.  Listen to some carols on the radio.  What do you say?”  He had some special gifts for Tony up there, too, wrapped, hidden under the bed.  He’d of course had to tell Tony he was hiding them under the bed or Tony would have been suspicious of unaccounted for packages, but Tony was always good about presents and didn’t peek.  Steve had the feeling that the whole idea that Steve wanted to surprise him made Tony so happy he didn’t have the slightest desire to spoil the fun of it for Steve.
It did, Steve knew. The bunny fur was as soft as silk, and it really just warmed up skin, didn’t hurt at all.  “You feeling ready for more?” he asked.  He slid his fingers up over the nape of Tony’s neck, curled one of them in a soft tendril at the nape of Tony’s neck, unable to resist, feeling the slight dampness of sweat that was starting to gather there.
They lay there for a long time, Steve still inside him, Steve’s warm hands sliding over Tony’s back, his shoulders, rubbing at his ass, caressing and squeezing, rubbing at the back of his neck, and Tony just felt like warm, relaxed melted putty, epoxy that hadn’t set, the liquid polymers he’d been working on lately, until finally Steve coaxed him up off his cock, practically carried him into the bathroom, and they cleaned up, Steve’s hands so gentle as they unfastened the cock cage, cleaned Tony up, caressing him gently, before he locked it back on and Tony let out a satisfied sigh, playing idly with the little lock.
“’m always lucky when you’re out there on the field, ‘s all,” Steve managed to get out, and that warm, tight feeling in his chest got warmer when Tony grinned and laughed.
Steve frowned.  “What did you expect?” he asked.
“Shhh,” Tony said, hoarse and gentle against his ear, and he was stroking over his tit now, gentle and slow, just as gentle as his voice, despite the way Steve’s nipple was still clamped and the soft, gentle way Tony traced over it made it throb with a dull, aching pain, made him want to squirm, Tony’s fingertips callused and rough and so gentle against the swell of Steve’s pectoral muscle, the rounded curve of it, then down the corded muscles of his side, making him tingle with the gentleness against his sweaty, sensitive skin.  He shifted under Steve, straightened out his legs, pushing Steve’s even further apart, and Steve let him, let his body rock back and breathed out.  Tony was stroking his hip, petting his inner thigh, other hand back to stroking and teasing at Steve’s pecs, tugging one nipple, and Steve shivered, moaned.  “You’re so big,” Tony said, and by the purring pleasure in his voice Steve knew he was talking about his dick, “always blown away by how big you are.  So sweet for me, too.  Aren’t you, stud?”  Steve couldn’t even begin to think enough to answer that question, but he knew Tony didn’t really expect one.  And then Tony’s fingers touched his dick, and he couldn’t think at all, he arched up into it as sensation, pleasure, pain, he didn’t know, washed through him in a wave of bright, hot sensation from his dick.
Brock tripped him, and Steve thought of at least five ways to catch himself, even through the agony—Brock’s shoulder, his belt, his shirt, he could bring him down under him—and let himself go down hard on his knees, let himself be pushed into the floor.  He let Brock straddle him and drag off his jacket, rocking his own hard-on into Steve’s rear, along the seat of his pants, against his crack, pushing his cheeks apart with that hot, heavy bulge, even as he undid the buttons of his shirt one by one, rubbing Steve’s cheek roughly against his wooden floor as he pulled it up from Steve’s slacks in rough fistfuls.
“Hey, Tony, you’re the prettiest dame I’ve ever been with,” Steve said, smiling, rubbing his thumb over Tony’s knee as he leaned in for a kiss.  “But if you find yourself in that sort of trouble, you’d better see a specialist.”
“You definitely know what you’re doing,” Steve said, going even redder in the face, even as he turned his face in toward Tony’s caresses.  “It’s, um, it’s been.”  He was going redder and redder.  “I mean, you’re real swell at it.”
His eyes cleared, eventually, though Steve kept them barely open, lashes down low, so he could keep them from watering as much as possible, even though his cheeks already felt wet just beneath his lashes, under his eyes.  He didn’t see Tony, though, and then he realized he was probably on his other side. He swallowed a sigh and somehow found the energy to turn his head on the pillow, to the other side of the room. It took more effort than it felt like he should, and Steve felt like he was straining to make his shoulders, the muscles in his neck, obey him, which made the pain in his head sharpen and throb hotly in his temples, beneath his skull, before his head finally lolled to the side.
Tony felt his own eyes widen, a wave of heat go through his whole body.  “You have?” he gasped.  “Damn, Steve.  How am I supposed to deal with the comedown after a mission when I know you might be just standing there looking cool as ever and thinking about going down on your knees and sucking me off?”
?  What was he thinking?  Brock was his subordinate, he couldn’t—couldn’t have a relationship with him.  Not a real one.  That was wrong.  That was—sure, SHIELD didn’t seem to have any rules against fraternization, and plenty of agents, well, they . . . fraternized.  But STRIKE was a front line military group.  It was like sleeping with Dum Dum would have been, it was—wasn't
Brock made him come on it, then sighed, tugged it out of him, thumbed him open, pulling him wide on his thumb, spit inside of him again and rubbed it in, then slid into him, his cock still half soft, but Steve was loose enough now to take it in anyway, hold it inside him—oh God, his thumb was still there, inside him, holding him open, too, oh, God—and fucked him slowly, a long time, until he got hard, spilled, and came.
“Flatterer,” Tony said, still with that soft smile.  He traced the shell of Steve’s ear, brushed short strands of hair back behind it.  Steve thought he probably needed a haircut, but he didn’t like cutting it when it was so cold out.  Tony always seemed to like it longer, too—he was always playing with it, and Steve liked that, no matter how hot and sticky and sweaty longer hair got under the cowl.  It was worth it to have Tony’s hands in his hair so much, petting and stroking whenever they were sitting together and his hands were idle.  Even now, it was hard to keep his eyes open rather than just melting into the wonderful feeling, how relaxing and just—how damn good it felt.
He pushed and pushed and even with Steve’s softened hole, thrust-open wide, there was a tight, burning stretch, but he blew out a breath and made himself relax, relaxed his muscles one by one, making them go loose, blossom open and let it in, and then it was slipping inside, easy as anything, and Brock was laughing, fucking it back and forth, in and out, and Steve’s eyes burned, he went molten with humiliation, because it felt
Steve’s big hands were warm on his thighs, his eyes on Tony’s dick.  He licked his lips, then said, hoarse, his voice husky and low enough to rumble in his chest, that low deep rumble that went straight to Tony’s cock, “You must have had a lot of practice, huh?”
Tony sighed as Steve pulled away, licked some of his own lipstick away from his bottom lip.  “You haven’t come,” he murmured softly.
“Mostly one piece,” Steve said.  “And in SHIELD custody.”
“I will,” Tony promised, smiled at him.  “Yes, sir.”
“Yep,” Tony breathed, and buried his face in Steve’s chest. “You’re so good at this, babe.”
, as he let Steve.  Steve’s fingers in his wet hole didn’t even hurt, despite their size, so he really must be relaxed.  He knew he was flushing, but then Steve just kissed his shoulder again, reached down to stroke his cock gently, fingering idly at the soft head, running his fingers around it.  Tony was a lot less sensitive than Steve was, there, being circumcised and well, not the peak of human perfection, but that meant it wasn’t as overwhelmed to be touched just there after he’d come.  It hurt, a little, overwhelming, making him shiver with the sensation, but it felt good, too.  He sighed, relaxed into Steve’s touches.
,” Steve said, laughing, and almost stumbled on the stairs.
Steve held him open, then, kneading gently at his ass, and then his hand was there, helping to position himself, nudge his hot, blunt, searing cockhead along Tony’s crack with his fingers, and then he was pushing in, deep and slow, centering himself with his hand curved against his own cock, sucking gentle kisses against Tony’s neck, up and over his jaw, as he did.
“That’s me, big fella, I gotcha, I’m right here,” Tony murmured against his temple, mouth soft and wet and warm, and Steve shuddered down to his toes.  Tony squeezed his thighs, kissed his cheek, his shoulder, and Steve felt so . . . hot, he was floating, Tony was right there, and he was, he was safe, he felt so good.  Tony’s hands were grounding, firm and callused on his thighs.  His head felt loose on his neck, lolled against Tony’s shoulder.  One of Tony’s hands came up, squeezed at the back of Steve’s neck, holding his head, stroking through his short hair, but the other stayed, firm and grounding, on his thigh.  “Now how are you feeling, honey pie?”
“No, it was so good,” Tony said, all in one breath, practically, looking up at Steve’s face, his forehead creasing earnestly.  He was already reaching for Steve, wrapping an arm around his side, sliding the other up over his chest, rocking forward into him until Steve could feel the humid warmth of Tony’s cock and groin pressed up against his thigh.  “So, so good, sugar plum.  So good.”
, and bent his head to sink his teeth into the sore flesh around one throbbing areola.  And then Tony was holding him by the shoulders as he bit and sucked bruises into Steve’s sensitive nipple, the flesh of his sensitive tit, until he was whimpering, his cock throbbing, chest heaving as his whole body shook on each breath, and then Tony started all over again with the other one.
Steve shrugged, tried a bit of a smile.  “I’d have to hate an awful lot of people, then,” he pointed out.
, and his body trembled and his toes curled, feet trembling as he squeezed them against the sides of the bed.  Tony was going to torture his, his
and desired and breathless.
“God, you’re beautiful,” he murmured, and it was true.  Steve’s pleasure was one of the most beautiful things he’d ever seen, and he didn’t intend to miss a moment of it.  “So gorgeous, so beyond gorgeous, most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen, Steve, damn, you’re gorgeous.  You’re perfect.  You’re feeling so good, right?  I want you to feel so good, love seeing you like this, in your pleasure, you look so perfect for me, come so perfect for me.  Love watching you come, never get tired of it.”  He massaged Steve’s scalp through his orgasm, rubbed his hands through his hair, stroking gently, until Steve collapsed against the bed and let his cheek rest on Tony’s thigh, his cock slipping gracelessly, wetly, out of Steve’s mouth as Steve panted there on his thigh.  His eyes were still closed, and he sighed, his whole big body going loose, relaxing, as Tony kept petting his hair. “So good,” he told him.  “You were so good, so perfect, coming for me like that, bringing yourself off just like I said, touching your cock for me while you sucked my dick.  So good, Steve.  You did so well.  That was such a pretty orgasm, my dear; I hope it felt as good as it looked, because it looked spectacular.  Are you feeling good?  I hope you’re feeling good, want you to feel good.  You look like you’re feeling good.”  He kept that up, a steady stream of rambling, babbling praise, soft words and telling Steve perfect he was, how perfect he’d been, barely thinking about it, just sure that that was no more than Steve deserved.  It was always easy for Tony to talk in bed—being quiet would have been the challenge, really.
“Shhh,” he said, rubbing at his hot, sensitive shoulder with one hand, feeling Tony flinch slightly again, then still, relax under the touch.  “I’ve gotcha.”  He reached down with the other hand, slid it up between Tony’s legs, against the blankets, feeling up under his cock, feeling how damp the covers felt beneath it, a wet spot just under the head where Tony had been rubbed.  He curled his palm around the hot shaft—very hot, Tony was maybe a little raw from friction—and rubbed his fingers at the head, stroking Tony back and forth with the rub of his hand up and down in the covers, until Tony was panting, moaning, writhing, rubbing down against him desperately, then gasping, his hips hitching back up, pressing back down.  Steve squeezed lightly at the head of Tony’s cock with his fingers, felt him shudder and heard him give a soft little startled, wet-sounding breath before Steve went back to teasing him more gently. “Feels like you’ve been enjoying this,” he said in a gentle sort of voice, smiling.  “I right about that, Tony?”
“Shush, martyr to the cold, the wind, and the bitter weather, no one’s impressed,” Tony said, that lovingly teasing tone in his voice that Steve knew so well.  He unscrewed the tin, got a good dollop of lotion on his fingers, and blew on it slightly, breathing on it while he met Steve’s eyes.  Warming it up.  “Now,” he said, and reached forward and took Steve’s chin in his hand, pulling him in.
“What else can I do for you, stud?” he mumbled, reached down to close his fingers around Steve’s cock again, drag them up, tugging on it gently.  “What’s next?  How d’you want me?”
When he got it undone, he dragged it off, too, Steve’s undershirt, next, leaving him there bare-chested in the air of his apartment, feeling it prickle over his cold sweat, along the peaked hard pebbles of his nipples, and then Steve felt him buckling the belt around his wrists and whatever it was inside him that needed that, it relaxed, it went soft and sweet inside him again, he felt it unspooling inside his head, in his chest.  He moaned, rocked his hips forward before he knew what he was doing.  His cock throbbed, hurting so badly still, throbbing, a solid mass of agony between his legs, hot and tender and stinging with blood, like a massive bruise, but he didn’t even care, even as his hardening length made it hurt worse.  He gasped helplessly against the floor, and Brock grabbed his hair, dragged his face along it.  “Clean it up,” Brock gasped out, breathless and hot, “mouth better than a damn hoover.”
, made everything in him light up with pleasure, at
Brock started by running his rough hands over Steve’s throbbing rear, squeezing and digging in his fingers, his thumbs.  He tugged him open, spit on Steve’s hole, and Steve’s cheeks went hot with shame.  He fingered him roughly, grunting the whole time, until Steve felt slick and open with lube, muttering something hot and humiliating about Steve’s—Steve’s pussy.  Steve hadn’t
“Okay, a billion,” Steve agreed.  Tony smiled and snuggled up closer, and Steve held him close.  He got his hand up and stroked the back of his neck, up into his hair.  Tony’s was a little on the long side, too, and Steve definitely liked his like that, all fluffy and showing a little curl, not styled or anything, just loosely left to curl wildly and tousle around his face.  He ran a hand through it, and Tony sighed, melted into his shoulder a little more.
, darling, sweetheart, baby,” he managed to babble.  “The things you do to me—I like that, too, like to be there for you, inside you, wherever you want me, whatever you want.”  He was petting Steve’s hair with his fingertips, couldn’t seem to stop.  “Anything you want, anytime, you just have to ask.”
“Now that’s it,” he said.  “I want you to relax, too, Tony.”
“That’s it,” Tony said.
Steve smiled and ducked his head down, kissed Tony’s thigh.  “All right, fella,” he said.  “If you say so.  You gotta tell me how to improve though, okay?  I want you to.”
“Thank you,” Tony said, smiling up at him.  “I appreciate it, believe me.”  That got a little chuckle out of Steve, at least, and he stopped looking quite so grim, a little less like he was planning his next offensive in France.  Tony stroked his hands over Steve’s broad, sturdy shoulders, broad as a building, reveling in the strength in him and the way he shuddered at Tony’s lightest touch, even through his t-shirt.  He pet gently at Steve’s chest through his shirt, enjoying the hard firmness of him and the way he shuddered and gasped at his touch, eyes going wide and dilated.  “So the thing to start with,” Tony said, “is to find yourself a comfortable position, one where you have a good amount of leverage to work with.  You’d be surprised how much that helps one’s efforts in this area.  So—my bed is large,” a California king, of course, “but you’re a large, large man, so why don’t you—on your side, across my legs, all right?  So we have room to keep you comfortable.”
Steve laughed, his cheeks feeling very red.  “Just Steve is fine,” he said.
Steve was uncomfortably aware of the eyes on them as he flushed and gulped down a breath. Tony—Stark—remembered him?  From before?  He … “It’s good to see you back,” he said, finally, grasping for something to say, and, well, it was the truth.
“Iron Man, are you all right?”
“Captain America surviving as long as he did, being found when he was - these were no coincidences. The universe has fought for the two of you to be together. And now, it is time to use that. I believe that there is a way for the two of you to return home.”
“Can we get something else, this time? We need a new thing.”
“I’m sorry, a what, now?” Tony sounds bewildered. Steve doesn’t know what to think.
He remembered the day when he’d walked into the workshop with some takeout to find Tony fast asleep on the couch. He’d looked at the genius, at the soft eyelashes that dusted slightly grimy cheeks, at the blue veins in his eyelids that shielded eyes which held all the intelligence in the world, at the parted lips that never stopped moving, lips that he suddenly ached to kiss.
Steve freezes. He knows that voice, could recognise it anywhere. He knows what he’d find behind that hood, now. Gaunt cheekbones, hollow eyes with a manic glint and smooth, crimson-red skin. He tenses up immediately, reaching for his shield before realising that it isn’t there, not that it matters too much. His body is a weapon itself. He readies himself into a defensive pose as Tony glances at him questioningly, but calls the armour to himself all the same.
“I know you’re sorry,” Tony says with a sigh. “So am I. For what I did to Barnes, that is. I get it now, you don’t have to worry about me finding him if he’s here and trying to kill him or whatever.
“Yeah?”
“Look, hey, you keep looking over. Somethin’ you wanna say to me?” Oh fuck, oh fuck, it was pretty boy (so pretty) and he was glaring at Tony, gaze defiant and lips pursed.
Steve is obviously feeling guilty. He’s a lot quieter and he watches himself, like he could hurt Tony any minute.
“Maybe I should thank you for the vacation, Stark. Finally got to spend some time with my family.” Clint’s words are a little clipped, but there’s a tentative offer of friendship there, to put the past behind them.
He glanced at Mr. Gorgeous again, just out of the corner of his eye, and for a second, he was almost angry. His awkward demeanour had lapsed into a sort of comfort now and he was laughing and smiling and it was just so breathtakingly beautiful that Tony resented him. He wondered if he had a girlfriend (or a boyfriend, Tony’s gaydar was impeccable) and immediately felt a little jealous. But it would have been even worse if he was single, because then Tony would have stood a chance, had he not been who he was.
“I’m not angry or sad because you’re my soulmate.”
Steve isn’t worried about that, he’s always known that Tony did what he did because of Steve, not Bucky. He’d had to see a man killing his mother and then face someone he trusted and find out that he was lied to. Even the best people would lash out in such a situation, and Tony was the best of the best, but he was only human. He doesn’t even need to apologise. The only person apologising should be Steve.
“Wait, you met Quill? And none of us are dead, not exactly”
And then he forgets all about it, because they’ve reached.
“Right as rain, Cap. Just a little miffed that my wedding’s been interrupted.”
“You- what?” Tony hadn’t expected him to say that.
“Captain.” Pepper’s voice is curt, her gaze stern.
“Oh, yeah?” asked Steve, voice teasing. “Why’s that.”
“Who are you?” comes Tony’s voice from the helmet. The girl holds up her hands in surrender but Steve spots the knives she’d slid behind her wrists into some kind of compartment. It would take the barest flick of her wrists for her to bring them out. She’s tall and she stands with the presence of not a soldier, exactly, but a killer. Oh, and she’s green, so there’s that.
He doesn’t look angry.
“It’s not that bad, these aren’t even as strong as the ones I’d fought back then. It’s honestly more of a distraction.”
“Rogers.” Not Cap, not Steve, just Rogers. Tony never really called him that. But then again, he never called him Steve either.
(”You knew,” he’d said. “For two years.” Steve hadn’t really been able to reply. Maybe he had, but Tony can’t remember anything after that. He doesn’t want to remember.)
“We uh, we woke up beside each other. We’ve talked.”
He smiled then, giddy with happiness.
“Not everyone has a soulbond, of course. Very few do, in fact. But strong soulbonds get magnified in the Soul Stone Realm and the one the two of you share is one of the strongest. It is no coincidence that you woke up beside each other. Even the rest of your teammates share a certain bond which is why you have all woken up in the same district. Your soulbond, now magnified, will help you find a way out of the Realm.”
“M’not drunk, m’fine. And you’re
Gamora. I met your friends! And your boyfriend screwed up our mission because he thought you were dead. Wait, but if you’re dead, that means we’re dead which is, you know, fine I guess but-”
“Do you have someone to drive you home?” the man asked, a little concerned.
Steve opens his eyes. The world shifts into focus. It hurts, a little, to see so much amber after all that darkness. Or perhaps it hadn’t even been dark for very long. But through the amber, he sees something else too, something he will never fail to recognise.
Steve thought. It had crept onto him without him realising and he felt dizzy with the realisation, like there was something jarring about this confession that he had made to himself. And it had been a strange sensation, falling in love with someone after everything he’d been through. It had been a sad sensation, because Tony dated so many people (all brilliant and modern) for so little time and Steve didn’t stand a chance. But he hadn’t thought of drinking or of forgetting.
But then he opens his eyes.
But things have changed. The Accords, Siberia- they can’t be erased. That doesn’t mean things can’t change again. Things are already changing, but this time, they’re changing for the better.
“Oh, just, uh, you know, if you’re interested when you’re more sober, even for like, a friend. Yeah, uh, so...” he gestured towards the napkin, looking highly flustered. His cheeks were a delightful pink that could be seen even in the dim light.
“Oh, okay, yeah. Yeah!”
“Ty asked. I said yes.” Tony’s words were short, clipped and tinged with disbelief. He sounded a little afraid, too unsure for what should have been such a happy occasion. The thing was, Steve had known that Tony and Tiberius were childhood friends who had had an on and off thing going on from time to time. But he didn’t think they were serious or permanent and
“Yeah, together. Don’t have any time for arguments, we’ll do that after we save the world. And you better be prepared, I was pretty much a debate champion in school.”
“So they are. Looks like Hammer found some lying around when he escaped jail.”
“Yes, Pepper, darling?” Tony looks up from his and Jim’s conversation.
“Uh, no? Actually, yes! You,” Tony said, pointing to the guy and then himself, “and me. You, fuck me.” Tony hated being drunk sometimes.
_*_*_*_*_*_*_
He looks at Tony and Tony understands what he means to say. They’re taking the straightforward approach.
“Tony, are you happy?” he finally asked.
“Tony?” comes a familiar voice.
space. He’s always been at home there, surrounded by holograms and scrap metal. People (usually Pepper and Natasha, or Rhodey when he’s in town) could come by and drop off food, but he wouldn’t notice until hours later, when JARVIS would shut off all his work so that he didn’t have any choice but to eat. He had never been aware of anyone’s presence in his workshop, until Steve. When Steve would come down to draw, Tony could hear every scratch-scratch of pencil against paper, every tap-tap of Steve’s foot against the floor when he was frustrated. Nobody had entered Tony’s space and made it their own like that. Nobody had been welcome enough to. But even now, when Tony is just so angry at him, even when he isn’t welcome, Steve manages to find a way to be the brightest object in Tony’s surroundings, yet again.)
“Wow, Agent Romanoff, you sound like you missed me,” Tony replies, but he hugs her back anyway. He did miss her. After all she is the only avenger shorter than him, not that he’d ever say that out loud. He’s still a little terrified of her.
Tony’s mind is a wonderful thing. Steve thinks of it in electric blue, taking in information like a computer and processing it so fast that he zones out for a second. But all this new information, full of unknown variables- even a genius would find it hard to process, especially one like Tony who would be bent on figuring the place out, even if it is one of those things that just isn’t meant to be understood.
“Yeah, okay,” he says, smiling a little.
“Oh,” he said, not betraying any of his actual thoughts.
Gamora sighs. “I don’t know. It’s not like this has happened before.”
There were many times when Tony had been on the verge of death, but none like this. He remembered the year when he almost died of palladium poisoning. Perhaps that had been a blessing for at least he had been in control. He would have died at home, after saying all his goodbyes and tidying up his life. There would have been a body to bury and a certainty of death. Rhodey and Pepper would have mourned and moved on, never having to convince themselves that he was truly gone, never looking for him because they believed he was alive, never trying to bring him back home, not knowing that they would only bring back a cold body.
“And do you think we’ll be able to get out?” he asks, ignoring the part about coincidences, because it scares him, in a way.
No, that was reserved for what had happened two weeks ago.
“Oh well, maybe you were right and the fact that Ty hasn’t said a thing to me today is making me second guess this.” Tony had to be joking, right? Besides, Steve couldn’t afford getting distracted by some random comment.
Steve thought again.
Some people say that when you fall in love with someone, your body reacts to them before your mind catches up. Seeing them makes a tension in your shoulders that you weren’t even aware of disappear. You can’t help smiling when they smile. Your pupils dilate- you want to take in everything about them (the errant brown curl that was almost plastered to Tony’s forehead after he came out of his workshop, the manic glint in his eyes when he had a new idea, the way he smiled at Dum-E fondly sometimes when he thought nobody was looking, but Steve was always looking at him, even when he didn’t know it himself).
“We don’t want to fight. I’m Steve Rogers, or Captain America. This is Tony Stark, or Iron Man. We’re from Earth.”
Tony nodded every now and then, his face growing weary with each word. When the call cut, he was silent for a second.
It really is unfair that Steve seems so unaffected. He hadn’t said a word throughout the entire soulmate thing and now he’s standing there, stoic, ready. He’s always ready for the next mission, the next war, the next big thing. He’s always so firmly planted, always right where he’s supposed to be.
(Tony thinks about his workshop, then. It has always been
“Two weeks. Pepper is gonna be so pissed when I tell her.”
He doesn’t look sad, either, not exactly.
“I- gosh, Tony I don’t know what to say. I just, never thought this would, I need a minute, I’m just, uh, processing.” And Tony smiled at him fondly, the way he smiled at Dum- E when he thought Steve wasn’t looking, the way he smiled at Rhodey when he he saw him after a long time, the way he smiled at the Spider-kid when he got excited, the way he smiled at those that he loved.
“Tony, I’m-”
(He’d been sad when he’d woken up, first, all out of place in the new century.Tony had once caught the lines of his face morphing into sorrow when the search for Bucky had met another dead end and he had kissed it away, if only for a night.)
. He’d find himself telling Steve about the most random of things and Steve would listen, sincere and interested. Sometimes he’d talk about life before the war, about the assholes who used to beat him up, about his best friend Bucky. His voice would go softer when he mentioned Bucky. Tony wonders how he hadn’t seen it coming.
? To-Iron Man, how is this the first time I’ve heard of this?”
Eyes of smoky quartz, whiskey when the sun shines through them. But there is no sun here, just a steady, dull glow and Steve does not know where it comes from. But those eyes, he knows them.
“What, no, it’s fine. This is annoying. I’m okay. I’m a strong boy, Cap.”
Orange.
“Oh, sorry Cap, I guess it slipped my mind?”
But Tony cannot reply. He is floating, floating, floating, gone.
They both stay silent.
“Captain America, you are talking to a man whose wedding has been ruined and you don’t even offer him food for all the trauma he has suffered this day. Such apathy, from a national icon? I am shocked. I am outraged. I-”
So when the preacher said, ‘Speak now,’ there was a silence that Steve did not interrupt.
But something seemed off. The wedding was organised completely by Pepper, of course, who had been secretly delighted to do it, even as she whined about the short notice. Colonel Rhodes was coming in and would have arrived on American soil a night before. All the Avengers were there, decked in their finery (except for Thor who had been appalled at the fact that capes were not worn for Midgardian weddings and was wearing a bright red one over the suit Jane had made him don). Even Clint was dressed up for the occasion, no food spilt on his attire. Natasha, of course, looked wonderful as always and Steve noticed how Bucky’s eyes followed her around everywhere. Everyone was here, and everyone was happy.
“A submissive has an ethical duty to offer themselves to the dominant in a good-faith way.  They should not try to control the session (or ‘top from below,’ as it’s called . . .”
Steve smiled as he held Tony’s hips still and planted a row of kisses up and down his inner thighs, never touching where Tony wanted him most. Up and down, down and up.
“Are you asking,” Tony said in a tight voice, “if I’m being sexually coerced by a teammate in my own home?”
Steve leaned in close and whispered in Tony’s ear, “I love you.”
Enjoy!
“That was some romantic story you told earlier, sweetheart,.” Steve teased him softly. He gave Tony a little squeeze. “Practically
“That’s funny—I was calling her the Horta.”
“There are a lot of presents, Tony. The Lotus is the little fast one, right? I don’t think they’ll fit in that.”
Tony just stared at him.  He was pretty sure his mouth was hanging open.
“Tony?” he asked, hesitating. “Where do you want me?”
The force field was hovering right between two horses and, Tony couldn’t be sure with the naked eye, but it seemed bigger.  Its glow gave the motionless carousel horses a frightening, spectral appearance: their dead staring eyes, their open mouths ready to bite, or frozen in a cry of terror.  Looked like they’d switched genres from sci-fi to horror.
“Looking ‘dynamically sublime’ there, Nat,” Clint teased. She rolled her eyes and turned to Bruce who looked like he was somewhere between a meditation exercise and a nervous breakdown.
(Fuck.)  Tony swallowed.
.” She shrugged.  “One hit-- Widow’s Bite to the
“Tony?” Steve asked, leaning closer.
“Decided you want the, uh, ‘
“Anyway, uh, would you just open this?” Steve handed the box to Tony. “It’s really nothing like you’re thinking. It isn’t
“Shall I take that as assent, sir?”
Steve glared.
“Yeah,” Tony agreed.
“Thanks for the invitation, though,” Katie said. “And good work out there.”
“Captain Rogers has been at the edge of the upper balcony for twenty minutes. He has made no move to climb over the railing; however, he is not wearing a coat or boots and he appears . . . distressed.”
“Anthony Edward Stark! Shut up!”
“No.” Tony shook his head stubbornly. (Ouch.) “I shouldn't have-- I . . . I didn't mean it.”
“So, this is your rodeo,” Clint called to Tony from the couch. “That mean you’re picking the movie?”
Thank you all so much for your patience support and enthusiasm.  I’m blown away by my readers.  As ever, I love hearing from you.  THANK YOU and I hope to have more soon….
Kneeling in the shower—palms raised, head down, shoulders back—waiting for Steve to return, Tony breathed a long, deep sigh.
(Damn.)
Tony’s heart started to pick up the pace.
Tony sauntering into the gym where Cap was running one of JARVIS’ simulated obstacle courses then stopped in his tracks. Tony’d read some absurdly poetic sports coverage in his time, the kind that claimed Roger Federer was ‘poetry in motion on the court’ and all that crap, but as he watched Steve leap, spin, and dodge, Tony thought for the first time it finally made sense. (Gorgeous.)
Tony nodded and just kept laughing. His sides hurt.
“Any time, Iron Man.”
“No, no,” Bruce said, shaking his head. “We are. Don’t listen to me. It’s . . . habit. We have a plan. I agreed to it.”
“Look, it’s fine if nobody else did,” Clint said, looking a little embarrassed. “I just had these little things and—“
Steve looked up from his papers—reports of some sort—and Tony turned away, suddenly aware he’d been staring.
“No! I, um, I'll be fine, I'm sure,” Steve said hastily. (Oh God, so embarrassing. This stuff is probably what Bruce and Tony did for fun as toddlers...) He swallowed. (Don't be proud, Rogers. He's being nice.) “But, well, if I run into trouble, I'll let you know.”
There was something soothing about being on his knees, head down, palms up.
“Quarter to eight.”
“You’d be a welcome addition,” Tony said, “if you’re still interested.”
Tony tuned out the rest of their conversation as he and Bruce watched the readings start to come in. He hooked an extra monitor up to the spectrometer so he could have an extra visual interface with JARVIS.
“I couldn’t agree more, Mr. Stark,” Rogers said seriously.  Tony blinked, surprised.
Natasha had told him to act normal, so he’d tried. He went for his usual run. He went to the gym. He went to bed early. He loitered with a book near the coffee maker. (But surely that wouldn’t be
“Good man.”
Tony nodded, but the formulaic words hurt.  “Yeah.”
Tony bit his lip. He’d showered after training and laid out his clothes for this evening, but maybe he should go up and start—
Steve rubbed the back of his neck. “I don’t like either of them.”
Steve leaned in to kiss his cheek and said, voice rough, “I want you to kneel beside your bed and wait for me.  Will you do that for me, sweetheart?”
“Fight to the death?” Clint said. “This is the canteen. I work here.”
And re: the saints: St. Anthony is patron saint of the lost (also of women looking for a husband!)  Gabriel the Archangel is patron saint of “diplomats, ambassadors, communications workers, postal workers, emergency dispatchers, police dispatchers, broadcasters, messengers, and radio/television workers.”
Tony vanished through the portal.
“My pleasure.”  Steve was smiling at him again.  Tony swallowed.  “As you were, soldier.”
Tony shrugged. “They can’t all be winners; this way you appreciate the classics more!”
“With all due respect, Captain,” Agent Dominick said, implying just the opposite.  “I don’t think you’ve considered the wellbeing of your more vulnerable teammates.”
She nodded. “Now, as I was saying, low exposure is probably—“
Hope you enjoyed the (long delayed) update.  I hope to have the next chapter up in not too long and I promise you some sexy time in chapter 16.  (Sort of.)
EDITED TO ADD:  A reader has politely suggested that some might appreciate the following warning:  sregvyvgl / cneragubbq phygher .
Pepper had click-clacked her way to the exit when Tony blurted out, suddenly nervous, “You do know I love you, right?”
"Very well, Steven," Phillips said.  "I thought this opportunity to serve your country might be of interest, but if this is how you feel, so be it.  I won't trouble you with further details.  I'm sure we'll manage to scrape together an appropriate set of gifts somehow."
(See the end of the chapter for
///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
let somebody else’s opinion or the press or anything else stop him from doing exactly what he wants?”
“Good!” Steve said. He kissed Tony on the cheek. “It turns out I’m not bad at it really.”
Grin, wave, autograph. Nobody asked about the venue. (Huh.) Soon enough they were all inside, checking their coats. As they ascended the grand staircase to the ballroom, Natasha was close at hand. Beautiful smile still in place, she muttered, “So, did you bring the dagger I gave you?”
Tony sighed and ran his fingers through his hair.
yourself.”
“Hey, JARVIS? Get Cap on the line.”
“Do you still . . .?”  Steve trailed off with a vague gesture; Tony just stared at him.  After a second, Steve seemed to gather himself and said, “I know you met with Fury. I just wanted to make sure nothing he said made you change your mind. About us.”
Leila’d sent up as their sixth course and were lingering over their latest wine pairing.
Thanks for reading.  Your kindness and support overwhelm me.
“Damnit, Tony,” Steve growled. “Can’t you just do as I ask? I don’t want to fight with you.”
“People don’t know how to party anymore,” Belford said with a little grimace. “Everyone’s gotten so boring. I’m sorry I missed the infamous 2005 fundraiser.”
Tony grimaced.
“You’re so beautiful,” Steve said softly. “So good, kneeling like that for me.”
“Fine. Seriously,
“Huh?” Tony blinked. “Oh, uh, right.”
“It wasn’t right,” Steve repeated stubbornly, glancing away.
Steve shrugged.
Tony nodded again.
“Well, you never came up to the canteen for lunch, so I thought you could use a snack.” He nodded to the donut bag.
“Likewise.  Give you a few minutes with the menu?”  Jake asked.  Steve nodded.
“Of course, sir.”
“I didn’t think of it as . . .” Rogers swallowed. “--as
“License my roving hands--”
. . . while Tony gasped and moaned Steve’s name.
This is it, he thinks as he disappears completely.
“Well, I’m attempting to, but you’re making it a little hard for me.” Tony was a little offended by how incredulous the man had sounded.
“M’tired,” he mumbled, yawning a little.
He looked at the ring again, at the diamonds glinting in the dim light. He thought about Tony’s hands, about how he’d them painstakingly so many times, trying to get every little crease and wrinkle and callous right. He thought of how they were rough and strong, how they created the most incredible things. He thought of the way Tony moved them around when he spoke about all the science that Steve could never comprehend. He had never seen Tony’s hands as still as they were now.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to say that,” he started but then Tony’s face fell a little. “Not because it isn’t true.”
He looked away from the gorgeous stranger. Had this been a year ago, he would have walked over a few drinks ago, introduced himself with a smirk and flirted till they were making out. But now...things were, well they were different. The past year had been horrible. The media had been scathing, Tony had ignored it. The media had worsened, suddenly pulling out old MIT scandals to defame him, Pepper had worried and Tony had ignored it. Then Tiberius Stone had given an interview which Tony could not ignore. Their stock had dropped and suddenly, Tony was one of the most hated men in America. He was a murderer parading as a hero for acting as thought his past didn’t make a difference. He was spineless for quitting weapons development, or indifferent for not having done it earlier. He was a slut for hooking up with strangers, including men, something that he’d kept away from the media for a long time.
he thought.
“Well, it’s the truth. Besides, it is my duty to guide people to the Soul Stone. The bearer of the Soul Stone does not deserve it. My duty now is to lead someone deserving to the Soul Stone, someone who I believe will return it to its rightful place on Vormir.”
And then three days later, Steve left for DC and came back completely changed. Of course Tony still loved him, but it was difficult to. Steve was obsessed with the search for Bucky now and he always had that shifty look in his eyes, a hesitation that hadn’t been there before. Tony had thought that he’d done something wrong, that he was selfish for being with Steve who could be happier without him. Tony used to wonder why he’d been growing distant. Then Siberia happened and he didn’t have to wonder anymore.
“You’re alive. Or not. But you’re here,” she says.
, and it was enough for a while.
Steve’s a lot more silent now. Before everything had happened, Steve used to speak to him a lot more. They used to do that all the time. He’d come into the workshop because it helped him focus and Tony could never ask him to leave. He’d sketch away and soon they had begun to
