"That's all I can ask of you." She stood up, kissing the top of his head, in probably a habitual move because of Peter, and proceeded to prove him right by kissing the top of Peter's head. Tony looked back at the sleeping form of his son as Mary left quietly, shutting the door.
Also, this takes place roughly two weeks after last chapter.
"Yeah, he'll be good," Tony nodded, grabbing his tablet from the coffee table. "He's a resilient little guy."
"Thank you, Tony." Steve moved a couple steps closer, then stopped, not knowing what to do. Tony put his hand out, grasping Steve's hand in a firm shake.
“Seems like you’ve been generally annoyed the whole day,” she commented to him, setting the toys in the corner with Peter’s toy chest. Peter liked to organize his toys a special way that neither parent was able to figure out yet. “You were able to hide it from Peter though, so I didn’t say anything.”
Steve saw Julie’s lips quiver a little with unshed tears, and her hands held on securely to her son. She brought him into her chest, hand on his back, other hand in his hair now. “I’m so sorry, baby,” she whispered, but, guiltily, his ears heard it. “I’m so sorry that I wasn’t able to stop him. I’m sorry that you had to do that. I love you so much.”
"We're doomed, all doomed." Tony leaned in to kiss his nose. "Okay, we should make a plan for tomorrow. I have an early morning meeting that I can't put off, and then we should-"
"Where's Pepper?" Whenever Pepper was, that's where Stane would be going. He could save them both.
"They're gonna teach us how to use the light sabers, then we can have our own fights." And as if they needed to demonstrate, the two boys jumped up on the bed, and started pretending, holding onto nothing but air, but they were making the noises themselves. Steve couldn't help but laugh as he watched them.
"Did you really think he wasn't going to come?" He asked, pulling the hood of his jacket up when it started to snow again.
“He willingly admitted that Jamie was going?” Tony asked, not moving from his prone position on the bed.
"And when will we be moving?" She asked out of curiosity.
Tony found Obie, pulling him away and up the steps, Obie pushing the other cameras away a little. "Have you seen these pictures?" He flashed the pictures to him, clearly showing the Jericho missiles. "What's going on in Gulmira?"
"Just Steve is fine," he smiled at her. "It's nice to see you here, too. I hear you'll be around more often." He sat Jamie on the ground, on her back at first, and watched her roll herself over onto her stomach.
"You keep a picture of your kid at your desk, Tony," Bruce said, looking at him over his glasses. "You've got it bad, you've got fatherhood."
Mary chuckled and leaned in to kiss Peter's cheek. "Look at that, baby. You're just like Daddy now." Peter squealed and grinned.
Dum-E rolled up, a bottle of green liquid in its claw, and Tony easily accepted it, taking a large drink. Mary was used to drinking some strange stuff, and she just raised a concerned eyebrow at him. "It's not alcohol," Tony told her, even though he knew that wasn't what she wanted to hear.
“You can’t see it, I’m pointedly looking at your sockless feet.” Steve turned his head a little to look at Tony. “Lead by example! Oh-“ Tony covered his face, but Steve could see he was starting to smile. Steve turned his head the other way and saw that Jamie was on her back, trying to push her diaper off. “Maybe not that example right now.”
"Of course I used a knife!" Tony frowned, scrubbing his hands of the sticky food substance. Sitting on the cutting board was a knife, completely covered in peanut butter. "I'm gonna go get Peter." Rhodey smiled a little as he watched Tony job up the stairs to the bedrooms.
"That Maximoff girl," Tony started after a second. "She really did a number on me, Steve. And, I uh, I don't know how to really handle it. I'm afraid to talk about it, because it'll send me right back into that head space, and I can't do that." He looked up into Steve's eyes. "I'm really just a shitty boyfriend-"
Steve snorted softly. “I think I’m going to go with Moose Tracks, tonight.” He could feel Tony raise an eyebrow. “I like the mini peanut butter cups.”
Tony threw himself into the reconstruction of the Tower. All of his Gems, (Pepper said was easier to refer to them as a group sometimes, instead of by every name), missed Vee, and they were worried about Tony, but they were unable to pull him out of his head. He didn’t ignore them, not by a long shot. They were his family, they were like his kids, but it was obvious that when Vee went back with Steve, it had affected Tony.
Sooooo! This is a late chapter, because as I went to post this, I lost nearly 4000 words of it. This morning. To put that in perspective, usually, each chapter ranges about 8,000 words, sometimes more, sometimes less. I was left with just 2,500 words, and had to rewrite the chapter over. So, this chapter became a little shorter, and took a little longer. Sorry for the delay, but here it is! Next chapter will be happy times, and I'm going to back it up to three different places as I'm working on it!
"Mary and Meg." Tony held in his cackling laughter for a whole five seconds.
"Sir," Jarvis spoke after a moment, into the silence of the shattered glass of his workshop. "Ms Parker is on the line."
One of the chitauri hit his helmet as he tried to get up, slamming his head into the ground, but it was enough to jostle the voices whispering again, enough to focus on what was happening. "How long?"
“Do you ever do it on purpose?” Wade looked up at Steve as they stopped on a platform between stairs. Steve was secretly glad, because if he had been on the stairs he very likely would have fallen from shock. “Do you ever kill someone ‘cause they deserve it? Or ‘cause you want too?”
They sat on the couch, Peter starting to give off little snores, before Mary spoke again. "In the morning, I was going to make apple pancakes."
“Aren’t all Avengers missions classified?”
Tony groaned, falling onto the couch, pressing his face into one of the pillows. What was wrong with him? Sure, he had known Steve for over a year, technically, and he turned out to be the man that he had idolized as a kid, (and maybe an adult), but that didn't mean that he trusted him. Right?
“Yeah, but I’ll give you a break tonight,” Bucky told him, clapping a hand on his shoulder. “Get the kids to sleep tonight, get Tony to rest. I’ve got things handled here, and Jarvis has emergency shut-down if a worst-case scenario happens.”
"You moved faster than I thought, Petey-pie," Tony said with a smile.
The sand swirled around Tony then, circled around Peter, until it all disappeared, leaving Tony alone in a dark landscape. "No!" Tony shot up to his feet. "Peter!"
Bucky stared Wade down for a few moments. “Meg! I changed my mind, I’m taking my chances with the public! I’m leaving! Hydra gave me less headaches than I get here!” There was a faint snort from the other room.
“Pepper?” He answered, letting her know that it was not going to be Tony on the other end.
He was watching the footage, looking for any sign of what car Wade might be in when his phone rang. Steve nodded to the guard as he answered. “Tony?”
"Upset that your AI is starting to take after you?" Tony looked over as Rhodey walked down the hall, over to his friend. "Consider this a warning, for what Peter might be like."
"I bet he counts cards," Rachel whispered conspiratorially.
"Well, I can't let you go back to your family, not safe enough yet," Tony said, She had probably figured that out, and there was no way that he would put the twins in danger. "So, we need to come up with a route for you, someplace to go that's safe."
"Oh my god, Tony," Mary breathed before moving over on the couch and pulling him into her arms. "Tony, I didn't know."
“Actually, I’m going to have to argue that, and say that you’re wrong. You really don’t know the gravity of what’s happening.” Strange looked over at Steve. “We do need to discuss everything that we saw, what we felt. I have a theory about what had stopped me from completing my spell the first time.”
“The kids?” Tony asked. Steve tried to remember that being photographed was nothing new to Tony, it had been happening to him practically since birth. He had told Steve that he didn’t care what they said about him, or what pictures they took of him, as long they didn’t drag Steve, or the kids, through the mud as well.
"Most people won't believe that it's actually him, and he won't actually have to deal with that much if he decides to ignore the media," Natasha threw back.
“I’ve got you now,” Steve whispered to him, rubbing his back. “I need you hang on to me, okay? I’m going to get you back home, back to your mom.” Wade nodded against his shoulder, wrapping his arms around Steve’s neck when he picked him up. Steve leaned down to one side to grab the shield before moving back up the stairs. He could feel Wade shaking against him, and Steve couldn’t get out of there fast enough.
"He probably did it to her, and got accidentally smacked when it scared the crap out of her," Steve replied. Tony could see the faint outline of Steve washing up, washing his hair first. "So now he does it to us, because he and Peter probably think it's freaking hilarious."
"Well, I am already." She waved a hand at Steve. "Here's your time to shine, strong man, show him the marble."
The highway that Meg was on was coming into view and he was searching for the car. The smoke was probably a dead giveaway to their location. Curving down and to the right, Tony made his body like a missile to get there as quickly as possible. Jarvis zoomed in to show two people pulling Meg out of the car, kicking and flailing and generally making it hard for them.
"All the food is about to be taken out of the oven, or being prepared now, so it'll be fresh when the reception starts." Even the coffee the team he had assembled had been heaven in his mouth that morning. Tony turned to look at Pepper and smiled. "You look good in that blue dress."
"Hi!" Tony couldn't help but smile at Peter's excited voice. "You fly today?" He asked in his broken sentences, still learning, quickly, to put together his thoughts into words. "Go bye-bye?"
“Then your stay in DC must have been boring by comparison.”
"More fun than should be legal for a seven-year-old," Rachel replied.
"He certainly doesn't hold back," she said to Tony. Julie Wilson was looking good for someone who had just went through another round of radiation and chemo two days before the wedding. Tony was glad that his stylist was able to help her out.
"Hey gorgeous, having a good time?" Mary bit her lip a little as Steve Rogers’s voice came through the phone. He had been trying to keep it low, but she would know his voice anywhere.
“You know I will,” he promised as she kissed his cheek and left. “I always will.”
"Mary?" Tony looked up.
Tony's feet propelled him forward in a lunge, his arm winding back as his hand closed into a fist, but was suddenly stopped, a strong arm wrapping around Tony's waist. "Don't do it," Steve said quietly in his ear. "There are better ways to take care of this."
“He gets into danger because of me,” Tony argued weakly.
"We're going to be spending some time in the kitchen," Steve told him with a smile. "I want to start moving her up to more soft foods, see what she can handle."
“No,” Wade spoke up, shifting a little in Julie’s arms. “Not completely alone.”
"What do you think she meant by different?" Rhodey asked as he shot down the last drone. Something landed behind him with a thump, and he turned around quickly, only to be knocked to the side and tossed over the hill, slamming into the tree. Tony glanced over, long enough for Jarvis to take readings to show him that the main HUD was out on Rhodey's suit, and he would be dark. Tony would have to do this on his own then.
"- I'll make sure that you have an actual bed, not some pullout," Tony finished.
“I’m confident,” Bruce interrupted a little loudly, and Tony just grinned, “that her brain is also experiencing a similar accelerated pattern.”
"This would be complicated even in your time," Tony tried to reassure him. He made a noise and grabbed the wire he was looking for, ripping it from the socket, and bending it to wrap around another wire. He hissed when the shock ran through his fingers and up his arm, pulling away quickly. "I've almost got this."
"You have a mean kick," Steve said, causing Tony to raise an eyebrow. Oh, that's right, he had kicked Steve. "I actually felt it." There was a little lift to the side of Steve's lips. He found it funny.
Tony lifted his head, moaning loudly. "I'm being manipulated, very expertly!" Bruce smiled at him. "Alright, you get the pre-work done!" Tony rubbed his hands together. "I think I'll take the new suit with me. I can't be seen showing up in the same outfit." Tony grinned as Bruce rolled his eyes.
"You're doomed."
“Doctor,” Steve greeted, crossing his arms in front of his chest a little. “We weren’t exactly expecting you to show up this soon, not today at least.” He heard Tony trying to hold back a snort, then the sound of Tony’s glasses hitting a side table as he pulled them off.
"And land it where?" Tony could hear the crunch of snow as Steve was walking outside. "They've closed the airports because they can't keep the runways clear fast enough. I'm in the middle of the city, so there's no place to land safely."
“I’m not hunched,” Steve retaliated, leaning back in his chair now. Tony tried not to chuckle. “What brings you up here? I thought you’d be downstairs for at least a few hours more.”
"I'm a lot of things, Brucie-bear," Tony told him, starting the car. "Let's switch out cars and grab the kiddo. Coulson will follow us over when they move Mary."
"Yeah, I wouldn't know about that," Tony muttered, moving the bed. "Although, does it count if I changed rooms with different boarding schools?"
"What the hell is that noise?" Rhodey asked, Jarvis boosting the volume.
"Are you trying to strike a deal?" Tony asked, and Peter nodded.
Steve watched Tony again, letting a soft smile show up. “Jarvis?”
Tony heaved a sigh and turned to face her in the doorway of the jet, thankful that no cameras were around. yet. "Pepper, you can yell at me all you want later, but right now, I need to see my son. A combination of things happening, only some of which is my fault, has guaranteed that my time will once again be limited with Peter." Pepper blinked, stopping in front of him on the steps. There might have been a slight pleading tone in his voice. "I am going to be hearing about this psycho having arc reactor technology within the next hour, and the press is going to descend upon me like vultures in the desert. This plane ride home is going to be the most time I get with Peter for a long time, Pep." Tony glanced back inside the jet a little. "I need this time right now."
The crochet sweater Tony is wearing
(See the end of the chapter for
I offer no apologies for the random facts Tony spews. XD
“Have you ever been dancing?” Tony asked, interrupting Steve’s apology. “I mean, not in places like Tucker’s that I’ve seen you in, but real dancing. My mother always told me a good man took his girl dancing. Not that you're a girl...”
(I made the temporary banner - I promise that my artist is 10000% better than that nonsense XD)
“Because.” Tony took Steve’s hand and squeezed it. “Ready for our date? Do you want to do dinner first or the movie or both?”
“Tony--”
Tony nodded, wiping his hands on a napkin. “And it’s said that Cameron only wanted to make this movie so he could dive down to see the shipwreck.”
Updates will come every three days, so look for the next one on the 18th!
My deepest apologies to the Miller family! Glenn Miller's story that Steve tells is false, but it was an actual conspiracy theory that spread around back when his plane went down. You can read more about him and his death
"Sir," Jarvis intoned as Tony scrubbed his face with his hands. "Dr Banner says that dinner is ready."
Steve looked back at Tony when he heard a couple of faint wheezing sounds. He was trying to catch his breath now, trying to pull it in. This was something that Steve was familiar with. Bucky would wake up with nightmares sometimes during the war. None of the Commandos would say anything, and Steve was always there for him.
"That was last year, and it was only one time!" Wade declared, crossing his arms over his chest, and Tony started to laugh. "We didn't know it was a cherry bomb." Both Julie and Tony snorted.
“I can’t sleep sometimes, and I wasn’t tired yet.” The pre-teen shrugged a little, rocking back on his heels. “It’s not really that late, and Peter and I don’t have to start classes for another month.” Wade was getting pretty good at answering all the questions that might be asked before they were asked, and sometimes before they were even thought up. “You were gone for a bit, where’d you go?”
"As soon as I can" turned out to be nearly four months later. In that time, Tony managed to get the entire shell of Stark Tower built, and was working on the wiring of each floor as contractors finished putting in the walls. The Stark Expo had gotten enough presentations for the first four months when it opened, and as soon as the rest of the snow melted, crew would be out there cleaning up the Flushing Gardens space, preparing pavilions and booths, getting ready for a late Spring opening.
Steve dropped the old, unfortunately familiar, weapon the counter, cause the three men to turn. He worked with SHIELD for over a year, he was supposed to trust them. "Phase 2 is SHIELD uses the cube to make weapons." Steve spared a glance towards Tony. "Sorry, the computer was moving a little slow."
"And inflate your ego a little more?" Steve smirked at him. "Did Meg ask you?"
” the first voice was back, calling out to him.
“Alright, alright,” Howard lamented. “He can keep the pokemon.” Tony smiled down at Vee, pressing a kiss to her head. She shook her head happily, licking his cheek again.
"Daddy!" Tony was pulled out of his thoughts, and grinned at Peter, stepping forward to gather the boy in his arms.
"Fifty." The voice said, cutting Tony. "Fifty," he tried again when Tony didn't respond. Tony wriggled his nose and started to count backwards. He closed his eyes, and by the time that he got to single digits he realized that he could breathe again, that his chest didn't feel as tight.
"I probably won't see my son graduate High School," she said softly. Tony leaned back in his seat, looking off to the side a little. He had been thinking about this since Wade asked if he could get his Mom to agree to move in.
"It was hard enough having to move, again, but the building doesn't even have a gym." Steve lifted his head back up. "How fast can you buy the building and put in a gym?"
Tony greedily grabbed the ear piece, slipping it in as Steve was already using it. "Coulson?"
"I'm gonna show Wade around the house!" Peter said, grinning at Tony. He ran over and hugged him, reaching up as far as he could. Tony smiled, rubbing his head.
“Steve? What’s wrong?” She put a hand on his arm as she approached. “Where’s Tony?”
"God knows we're worth it."
Steve glanced over when Tony didn't answer right away and saw Tony shuffling his shoe against the ground. That was a sign that Tony had done something spontaneously, something that wasn't a surprise to anyone that knew him, but wasn't sure how everyone else was going to react.
“The Marvelous--”
"Well, not my fault if you let your thing everywhere. Your jacket was on the floor, I caught it and this tube fells. It was luck that it didn't break."
Hydra was willing to chase them down, no matter what it costs. They not only wanted the Tesseract with its powerful energy, they wanted Steve and the serum that ran through his veins. They wanted an army. Apparently, one based on human cloning army with Steve's skills.
“It’s after midnight, which means today is the big day,” says Tony, smirking and looking to the blond’s swollen pink lips.
"We need to change those bandages."
“Follow me.” That’s all Rumlow said before Steve followed him into the creepy place.
Rhodey is the one that talks again, he looks sad, too, but there is also an understanding on his countenance, he was ready to fight and complete the task that Steve and Tony had left for them.
"Tony" Steve said taking a step forward in Tony's direction while Peggy observed the whole scene.
“This can’t wait,” The blonde said.
"Morning, Steve." He got up to pour himself some coffee, because coffee was sacred for Tony, and the day only begins after his a sip of coffee. "So, it's today."
Steve takes the cereal out of his hand, reading the composition of it.
However, he found himself in what seemed the infirmary, there was black glass in the place of windows, he could not see who was in, but he bet that could see the outside from inside the room. Tony started to open the doors, one by one. Steve has to be here.
"I told you not to move this arm." Tony sighs, sitting on the edge of the bed.
"Thank you, professor. I'd like to believe you're right," Hank replies. "Are you visiting?"
"I think so," Steve replies, his lips curling up to a half-smile. "You?"
“I can’t give him any more time, Pepper,” he heard Natasha saying.
"Why don't we take these?" Tony says holding a large and colorful cereal box. Steve frowns holding a bottle of milk.
“Okay?” Steve replied, uncertain of what to say. Sam sighed.
“Well, yes, if I can get Tony to get his ass here in time,” Natasha leaned back, sighing loudly. “God, this boxers’ collection is waiting for too long now,” She thought out loud. “Anyway, we have a few pictures to take some unfinished projects from the former photographer to finish. Don’t worry about it, I’ll get Tony back,” Natasha assured him, and Steve acquiesced. “Alright. Let’s get to work then, Cap.”
Tony felt Steve's arms move, surround him, and he was vaguely aware of moving, but he was more aware of how Steve's muscles moved against him. He couldn't help but squirm a little, until suddenly he touch changed, and it was softness under his body. His bed. Steve was putting him down, but then he was crawling over Tony, and even his presence was pushing against Tony's sense in a way he couldn't deny. A growl reverberated up Tony's throat, and he swore he saw Steve's eyes flash before he was pushing down, capturing Tony's lips again in a near bruising kiss.
“So obviously, I needed to come to you,” Wade concluded. “And you’re so not scarier than she is.”
"Oh, gods, it worked!" She breathed out. "Do you know how hard it is to try and find songs that will try and get out a message? And then hope that it actually works? I mean, there was probably at least a seventy percent chance that my idea wasn't going to work, even though I know that your mind puts together a hundred different choices a minute, and you mess with his music all the time, and how else was I supposed to try and contact you on the DL-"
Tony stretched, groaning a bit as he sat up. "He's asleep, dead to the world," Tony told him. "It's like his body just naturally ignores the laws of physics and gravity."
"As far as it was explained to me, she has a cherry allergy." Tony's eyebrows went up, about to yell at him for giving someone something they're allergic too. "Something that's in the juice? Not sure, anyway, it's actually a kind of mild reaction, but it's not dangerous. I've seen it happen, and it was one of her friends who discovered what was wrong."
Tony smirked at him a little, nodding. “It’s amusing to me to see that you’ve so thoroughly set this up. You really the ‘man with the plan’, aren’t you?”
Tony found Bruce first, he was sitting out in the covered patio, windows open to let the breeze, and the smell of the gardens in. There was a teapot there, and an empty mug of tea in front of him, and he was sitting on the ground. Tony walked over, sitting next to him, and Tony thought he had been silent, but Bruce opened an eye to look at him.
He looked back down when he felt little hands tapping at his feet. His toes rolled on instinct and Jamie let out a little giggle. She pushed down on one of his feet again, trying to grip his sock. “Oh no, no, not my socks.” He took a step back and Jamie let out a sound of surprise, then looked up with big blue eyes. Bucky’s eye almost twitched, seeing a younger Steve Rogers pull those same pitiful eyes. He sighed and sat down on the floor across from Jamie, legs crossed.
“Grab the clone, I don’t care what you do to get it!” A second agent joined the first and they went back in towards the door. “We did all the work, and Hydra stole it from us,” the man was turning his attention back to Tony. Tony grunted when the man slipped something around his wrist, then the other. A faint whine of something powering up and Tony’s wrists were locked together in cuffs. “But, you also perfected the formula. We’ll take you, and the clone back, and you can help us recover what we lost.”
Peter giggled when Steve reached around and wrapped an arm around Peter's middle, picking him up, carrying him under his arm. "Ma'am, I think you lost something in the elevator." Steve smiled at Mary as he walked onto their floor. Peter let his body become dead weight, flopping as Steve walked.
“Just got word that Strange is back at his place,” Tony told him. Steve stood up walking over towards him. “Thought I’d check and see if there’s anything else we need for Peter’s birthday while I was out.”
“You watch it, too??”
Tony's shoulders slumped a little. "Steve-"
“Were you listening at all?” That was the annoyed Team Leader voice. Tony was sure that not only would Steve be talking to him about the implants, but Cap would be talking to Iron Man about proper training etiquette.
"He's really taken to the role, hasn't he?" Mary said softly as she came up beside him.
"Stalling me won't change anything." Loki raised an eyebrow at him.
"I bet if they came from Peter you would be," Meg argued, the trio stepping into the elevator.
“Seems that we weren’t the only ones to get unexpected visits through portals,” Natasha had said when Steve came back up to the floor where everyone still was. “Coulson got a call from his team. Apparently Thor was having his own problems over in London, and there were reports of random portals there, as well.”
“These are the sketches for the sculptures?” Tony hummed and nodded, watching Steve’s face. He liked being able to pick out the differences between Steve’s ‘artist’ persona, and his everyday at home one, and of course the Soldier, Captain America, one. Right now Steve was looking at sketches that Meg had sent over for the commissions that they had talked about several months ago. Tony had nearly forgotten about them to be honest. “These are good. I wonder if she’s made a mock up yet.”
But the last ball, it had a faint glow to it. Tony pulled it off the belt, carefully cradling it in his small hands. He carefully climbed down from the chair, never taking his eyes off the pokeball. Captain America had painted the tops of each of his personal pokeballs, including the two that went down with him with the plane. This one was a soft cream color, and he wondered what pokemon had been inside.
"This was always the plan, Stark," Yinsen said softly, and Tony looked at him, confused.
"You say entertainment," Tony said looking at the film reels, "and I'm thinking childhood memories."
“Jarvis?”
Later, when Steve didn't get up to get dressed, to get back to his mission, when they were still laying in Tony's bed, Tony wasn't able to sleep. He traced numbers on the skin of Steve's arm, but it didn't feel the same as it had a couple hours ago. Earlier, he would have been able to see the numbers as he formed them with his fingers, would have seen the light as feelings arc through Steve's skin, and his own.
“Well, I assuming yes.” Mary caught the wire and quickly started to wrap Meg’s wrists behind her. “I saw a discharged stun gun on the couch, and you on the floor. Looked like it was fired at close range.”
'Because this time you're actually supposed to be in a relationship,' his inner voice supplied. Tony tossed a screw across the workshop as he worked, snorting softly to himself. Steve was on a mission, in another country. Mary and Coulson were on a date, even William and Rachel had plans, and Peter and Wade were spending the night down with Meg, no doubt playing video games.
Tony focused, focused on the thought of Peter and pulled himself across the floor of the workshop. The floor was filthy, he really should clean up. Focus, Tony, arc reactor! He was almost there, it was there, on top of the counter top, all he had to do was grip it, with, his, fingers-
“It wasn’t really relaxing, or a vacation,” she told him. “He still had to report to SHIELD all the time. Do testing, get a psyche eval, go through training, all the fun stuff.” Tony made a little face, then remembered that Steve had told him about the nightmares and insomnia he had suffered through. Mary was right, this would be the first time he could truly relax and not have to worry about anything other than having fun.
"He's still very well-behaved," Tony said before William could say anything to his wife. Tony needed to prove to her that he was at least a little bit competent. "Mary keeps me in check as well, but when I have Peter we still have chores and rules at the house. His homework comes first, but he also knows that he can ask me for help if he's having trouble with it. I've only had to punish him twice, and I didn't like it all, but I also didn't leave it for Mary to handle when she picked him up." Tony cleared his throat a little, leaning back into the seat. "I'm not the parent that Mary is, but I love Peter, but know that I am still his parent."
“And you get to talk around all day like that,” Tony told him, standing up and watching Peter jump to his feet from the bed. “Alright, I gotta get dressed, and I have to try and get Mr Steve to get dressed. Go grab some breakfast, but be careful.” Peter ran out the room and Tony went back to the bedroom he shared with Steve.
Tony tilted his head a little, then smirked. “Yeah, I will. I’ll have some good pictures tomorrow and the day after, trust me.” If Tony was going to be out on his birthday, he was going to damn well enjoy it with his son, and now his daughter and boyfriend, and that meant going over the top. Steve was going to roll his eyes, but he’d do what Tony asked. “I’ll send you one today, but this one is for your enjoyment. I sent Steve on the Tower of Terror with Peter.” He grinned at Pepper’s delighted laugh.
As Steve was stepping back to stand next to Tony, Peter’s hands securely keeping the little girl stable, he was able to catch some of the actress’ words. “Your sister is so cute! She must really look up to you.” Steve had lifted his phone, but was watching Peter closely.
Peter's grandfather had grabbed Peter's overnight bag, as his grandmother helped the little boy put his backpack on. He walked over to Tony and held out the bag, the genius taking it automatically. "I'm sure Mary already filled you in, but Peter takes a bath at 7, and he's usually in bed no later than 9," Mary's father told him. He seemed to be a little warmer towards him than Mary's mother was. "He usually likes a story before bedtime. He wasn't sleeping well while you were, gone," Tony tried not to wince and feel guilty about that, "but we're getting him back on a schedule. He may have a nightmare-"
"We didn't do anything," Meg said. "Like he said, we didn't want to wake you."
But seriously, sorry for the wait, enjoy the new chapter, and the next is already in progress! There might only be a couple more chapters in this story, we'll see how the characters react.
"Indeed I am," the AI answered.
He ran over to Steve's room, knocking in rapid succession before he just pushed the door open a second later. Steve was lying in the bed, but he looked, wrong. His body was too straight, too stiff, and as Tony moved closer he saw that his chest was moving too quickly with shallow breaths.
"You came back," Peter said this time. "You came back for my birfday. Mama said you wouldn't miss it."
,” Tony said and Peter wrinkled up his face, as did Steve. “I don’t think Prince Adam- Oh! What about Prince Philip??” The two Starks looked over at Steve. “His hair is a little short, but that’s our fault, but I think it works!”
"Yeah," he said quietly. He cleared his throat before talking again. "Pepper is gone, by the way. To see her family, not gone gone, just off for the holidays." He knew he was starting to ramble again, but it was an old fall back that he was used to, and it worked for him. "She almost didn't go, wondering how I was going to actually survive without her, and I had to promise that I would call if I needed her, or that I would call Rhodey."
The wooden door opened all too quickly for Steve’s taste, and Tony was walking out, the doctor behind him. “I’ll see you next week,” she told him with a smile, then tapped a card that was in his hand. “And use that if you have, too.”
"I didn't want to have to pay for the replacement glass," Steve cracked, drawing a tiny smile from Tony. "You were sick, and I wanted to help you get better." Everyone had been careful not to mention the words 'pool' or 'drowning' around him, but he knew that all of them were waiting for some answers.
"Yes, Sir," the AI confirmed. "He is currently in a restaurant."
"I can confirm that Miss Romanoff and Mr Barton are still at the SHIELD offices," Jarvis threw in for him.
“It worked,” Tony whispered, gently reaching forward. “Pepper, look at her, look at how precious she is.” He gently rubbed the Jolteon’s head. “Yipes!” He pulled his hand back a little when he got a shock, shaking his fingers out. “I should have seen that coming.” He reach back out, gently petting the littlest one.
Mary went back to biting her thumb. The first few months of being frozen had been hard for Steve, His PTSD rearing up with a vengeance, making up for lost time being trapped in the ice. He had survivor's guilt piled on top of all the nightmares and insecurities. She knew that he still suffered from them, but Mary had helped Steve find some coping mechanisms, and he had even talked to a non-SHIELD issue therapist that specialized with soldiers and veterans. It hadn't lasted long, but Steve had stayed there long enough that he was actually able to sleep at night.
"The arrow had no fletching, thin and made of metal," Steve told him, his voice soft. "It went right through your shoulder. Bruce says you didn't lose much blood, though." Tony slid his eyes to the side to look at Steve. He looked a mess, he looked tired, and so damned sad.
Tony walked into the dining room, smiling a little when he saw Peter and Wade huddled next to each other, books and notebooks open with their class work. Between Jarvis and Julie, the boys seemed to be very happy in their home schooling lessons. Perhaps it was that they kind of felt that they were skipping school that the rest of their friends had to go too, and that they got to go on ‘educational’ field trips with Mary, and Steve, and the Fitzpatrick’s. He and Julie had decided that they would try again with school for the high School years, letting the boys graduate together, and be able to walk with the rest of their class, getting their diplomas.
"You were kissing Mr Steve," Peter stated, and there was a wrinkle in his nose. "Adults look gross when they kiss." Tony snorted, biting his lip and swallowing the laugh that bubbled up his throat. "Why were you two kissing?"
"And I'll give them a recording of what happened here," Tony shot back. "You had your fifteen minutes of fame, and it backfired."
Steve grinned, leaning down and then she was looking at him. "You're fast, aren't you?"
"He's not answering my texts after I put '
"He's not an elf, he's not tall enough," Peter said and Tony burst out with a sharp laugh.
"I figured, it's alright Jarvis." The elevator doors opened, and Tony gratefully stepped on with Steve and Peter. "Do you happen to have a location on Brucie-bear?"
He saw a replica of his shield sitting at the front of the middle glass cases. Looking around the room he could see that everything was filled with old Captain America memorabilia. Peter was hopping up and down on his feet a little, excited to show this to him.
“We’ll have to bring ice cream back for the boys,” Steve warned him.
He made his way back out to the living room, this time Dr Strange was standing up, his red cloak always in place. The second person was still sitting on the couch, but his head was slightly cocked, making it clear that it was Loki still around. Tony wiggled his nose a little and walked past the man who more than likely saved him, but he could find himself to care at the moment.
"Give Tony special permissions," Steve added, throwing Tony a smile. "I think I have a first name for her."
Steve shrugged a little, bobbing his head back and forth. “A little. It was good to get out, see things for myself, and not part of any kind of mission.”
"That's because I haven't actually lived there, or been there, since before my parents died," he said, shrugging to try and look like it wasn't a big deal. He'd have to get someone in there to actually dust it, or something. It probably needed to be aired out. The last person to have been there had been Jarvis, the real life person Edwin Jarvis, but he had died a year after his parents had died. "It's in Manhattan, the better of the islands by the way, so it's not too far away."
Bucky stared back at the little girl, then slowly reached out, hands carefully curling around her body under her arms and he lifted her up. She pat his real arm, gripping his sleeve, wanting to be pulled in and held properly. Meg was making no move to tell him what to do or correct him, so Tony took his cues from her and let it happen. He was close enough if something happened, but he was sure it wouldn’t.
"He’s one step away from a dishonorable discharge himself with the allegations behind the divorce." Tony set Jamie in his lap, pulling his legs up around her. "The military doesn't like it when one of their higher ranking Officers comes back with abuse charges against a spouse and child." He lifted his head a little to look at Steve. "And I'm not convinced that Wade isn't in his cross hairs, too. I did have lawyers send over papers stating that his parental rights to Wade had been terminated, he's probably pretty mad."
"No, I’m not an idiot," Tony threw at him.
He stepped closer to Tony's back, resting his head on Tony's unoccupied shoulder, pressing a soft kiss to his neck. Tony turned his head to smile at him. This was Tony, the real Tony Stark. Here in the Tower, with the family he managed to build, there was no pretending for the press, no fake smiles, or exaggerated attitude. Tony was naturally cocky, and yeah he had an ego, and sometimes a jerk, but he wasn't a bad person, wasn't uncaring as the tabloids sometimes made him out to be.
Peter's eyes got big and he turned to look at Tony. "Really?" He whispered. "He knew the real Captain America?"
"Are we sure that that's what we're going with?" Steve stopped and looked at the back of Tony's head. "Wilson wanted his ex-wife murdered?"
Tony nodded a couple times, then turned to head down the hall, Peter in tow. He opened the door to Mary's room, saw that the bed was still made, a few clothes laying on the chest at the end of the bed, but for the most part it was clean of anything else. The glow from Tony's arc reactor was visible through his shirt in the dark, and he didn't have to turn on the light to see around the room because of the glow.
Steve was trying to stick a sandwich in Tony's mouth, trying to get him to slow down, but Tony had an agenda planned out. The two of them were on one of the empty living floors, the smell of fresh paint still lingering a tiny bit, and movers were bring in furniture and boxes.
"You're still a little wobbly, like newborn calf," she giggled at his face at the comparison. "I can't believe you even managed to get Phil to help with this," she said as they went back to simple moves.
"I just, it's hard to think that someone would try and force the changes the serum gives on someone," Steve said, frowning, looking at the punching bag. "I like to think that Howard was different than the bad guys we were fighting back in the war, but he would have forced that on you. That's not what a father should be like." Tony could tell that he was getting more upset, more force pushing against him as Steve hit harder. He changed his stance, putting more force into holding the punching bag still. "And I know that Bruce didn't know what he wanted to do at first, and it makes me upset that he was trying to use him to do something like that. You were his son."
"To Phil?" Mary nodded to him. "Yay!!" Peter put his arms up in the air, a grin on his face. Tony was still blinking, face carefully blank. He put Peter down and the little boy ran over to hug Mary, then Phil around the waist.
"Not going to do much good," Tony muttered. "Not going to sleep tonight, anyway."
"Now I'm tempted," Tony sing-songed. Steve spooned some rice onto the three plates, and Tony followed up with the chicken curry. Peter was coming out of his room as Steve put the first plate in the microwave, and Tony hugged the little boy, kissing the top of his head.
“You’ve been housing a universal criminal?” Rhodey asked, a little bewildered. He was still taking his cues from Steve and Tony though.
"You're really serious about this?" Mary asked, leaning forward, looking Steve in the eye. "Tony's been hurt before, and he's very guarded. He's stubborn, an ass, and he'll try to get you to run away as soon as he figures out what's going on."
Tony stumbled out of the elevator, nearly hitting the floor, until he opened the door to his workshop. There, there was the other arc reactor. He gasped, body feeling cold, slowly dying, shrapnel tearing it's way closer to his heart with every exaggerated beat. Why did the workshop suddenly feel so big?! He had to get to the suit, he had to get Peter back!
Steve kissed his cheek. “Anything for you.” He watched Tony stand up, walk over to the classy wood door and follow the woman who had opened the door and walked inside.
Tony bit his bottom lip a little, knowing what came just before his birthday. One year on from Loki's attack and the Chitauri, and New York was slowly repairing itself. Tony himself though, that was a longer process for him. "I don't know," he replied honestly. "I hadn't actually thought about it. What do you think we should do?"
"Rest, I'll make breakfast in the morning," Bruce told him again, leading him towards Peter's room. He made sure Tony went into the room before retreating to his own. Tony slowly crawled into the bed next to Peter. Almost instantly, the little boy turned, seeking out Tony, cuddling into his chest, hand covering his arc reactor.
Tony moved his hands and saw that Steve was holding up his hand, holding a couple items that looked like bracelets, one in red, and one in white. "I don't usually do jewelry there, Cap."
"Thank you, Tony," she said with a smile, arms around her son. Tony nodded, giving her a little smile back. In that moment, Tony knew why he had gone so far to help out a woman he barely knew. He watched Wade and Julie, and he saw Peter and Mary.
Nearly five weeks since they left, Steve and Natasha hadn't been able to find anything. Tony had of course had Jarvis follow every mission that had Steve's name attached to it, and found out that Fury was at least keeping them both busy. Steve had at least kept up with regular calls to Peter, letting him know that he was indeed coming back after his job was over, but he still didn't know when that would be.
“You don’t believe him?” Strange asked, turning and motioning for Tony to follow him back up the stairs. Tony didn’t see that he had a choice as the self-proclaimed Sorcerer Supreme started walking away from him.
“That’s because Vee and I are geniuses!” Tony proclaimed proudly. He leaned in when they heard the first crack of an egg. “Look,” he said in a hushed voice, pointing at the yellow egg. “It looks like Jolteon is going to show up first.”
“Shit,” Tony whispered. “Okay, Steve, it’s okay. Jarvis, get the bath going, give us some hot water.” His eyes widened when he saw frost start to appear in his hair. “Steve?” Steve’s head drooped down, his body slumping even further towards the floor, dragging Tony with him. “Steve! Come on baby, say something.” He watched as Steve’s eyelids closed, his breathing getting slower as his body started to freeze. “No, no, no, Steve.” Tony moved his hands up to cup Steve’s cheeks.
Hi guys! Long time no see! Sorry!! Unexpected, horrendous, shoulder pain put me out of commission for nearly a week. (I still have twinges) I couldn't type, could barely move, so I'm sorry guys. (I'm behind in my school work too, since, online college and I can't even sit up to actually work at a computer.) I'm good enough to be working for a bit again, and I'm coming back with updates that I missed! The next couple chapters (which will be coming before Tuesday), are going to be good, I hope. Big plans, big plans!
Tony knocked on Mary's door, trying his damnedest not to look behind him where he knew The Neighbor's door to be. He wasn't sure if the man was home, but he didn't want anymore awkward encounters. Since Valentine's Day he had seen Steve six more times, and all but two had been with Peter. He and Steve had practically run into each other when Steve was coming back from his morning jog. Tony was forced to be up early for a meeting with Pepper, and he told Mary that he could take Peter to school. As he got out of his car, not only did he almost hit Steve with the door, he stepped out and almost face planted into the taller mans chest. (Not that he would have minded, for a few seconds at least.)
"Someone just rammed the car! Shit, my classes didn't teach me how to handle this!" There was another crunching sound. "They don't prepare you for this in Driver's Ed either, and I've really only been in one accident my whole life, and that was-" The call dropped.
"Tony, are your eyes open?" Steve asked, turning back towards the tablet.
Tony wanted to growl. “
Tony reached out to touch the piece of marble, feeling the beginnings of texture on the tentacles and near the eyes. He had gained a bit more of an appreciation for art through Steve and Peter, but he found he was most fascinated when he could see it being worked on.
"Sergeant Mopey?"
"Seriously, forget it." Really?
“Amazing how just a couple of smaller changes can lead to so many bigger ones.” Tony hummed a little at her words, giving a nod. “I think that perhaps Steve had the right idea of shutting off the workshop.”
Then Steve saw what Tony and he had been afraid of since announcing they were together. Pictures of them out together, mostly of dates, where they thought they had been hiding enough, spliced next to pictures of them walking into the building, claiming that things were rocky. Then pictures of either him or Tony, out with the kids, alone. Everyone wanted to make a story where there wasn’t one.
Here he was, waiting for Steve to come up, new butterflies being born inside of his stomach every two seconds. The day before, after getting back from SI, he had paid the kitchen staff a generous holiday bonus if they would teach him how to make some easy for dinner. The two head chefs, (one for entrees, the other for desserts), had instantly grinned at him, asking if he was trying to impress his new beau.
“Nah, it’s still cute,” Steve said. “Look at this precious creature, she just wants to be closer to her family.”
"Won't know until I open it," Steve said, hand sliding down Tony's back. "And now that you've told me about it, there's no backing out." Tony leaned back onto the couch and pulled the envelope out of his pocket, handing it over to Steve.
Tony makes an important decision, and lots of fluff!
"I'm a friend of Mary's," Steve, looking over at her.
"It's been over two years though," she looked at Tony. "Why would he wait this long to do anything?"
"Have a nice evening ma'am." The woman blinked, then smiled and nodded to him, watching them head towards the elevators. Tony clipped his pass to the bottom of his shirt, then clipped the other badge to Wade's sleeve, making him giggle a little.
Steve turned and put a hand to his chest. “Ouch, right there, hurts right there.” Tony rolled his eyes then held up a pair of boots. “Aww, for me?”
Once inside Steve moved immediately to Jamie, unable to resist picking her up. She woke up gently, sleepy eyes looking up at him. She cooed softly, turning in his arms and closing her eyes again. Steve let out a breath, feeling his body relax with her now in his arms.
Phil caught Tony in the elevator on his way down to Bruce's lab the next morning. They nodded to each other. "We gathered a protection detail around the city, and we have vetted agents searching for any hints on where Hydra, or Strucker, might be now."
“At least I’m not over Ninety!”
"You think you can remember that, Cap?" Tony asked with a smirk.
"I know it bothers you when kids are involved."
"His arm was run over in a work accident," she said. "Mr Allen is one of the nicest people I've ever met. His food is the best."
Looking around the apartment again Steve noticed toys, blankets, and some stray clothes lying around. He saw picture frames on the wall, and on table surfaces, almost all of them containing a small boy.
"Hang on a sec." Tony started going through his clothes, looking for something warm that would at least be semi-comfortable in the suit. He heard Steve talking to someone, but couldn't hear the words. Then he heard a squeak, which was not from Steve, and probably the friend that he was visiting. "Yeah, she's not happy with that."
"That's enough!" Steve kind of felt like a scolding parent. Steve was already done with this shit. He jumped down and looked at Thor, Stark lowering his weapons. "Now, I don't know what you plan on doing here-"
"Sand, there's so much sand," his whispered, sliding down to sit on the ground. "It's so dirty, not like the shop, I can't work here. Peter, I need to, Peter, he's okay? He's okay, he's with you, he's safe, right?"
“May I introduce the best dinner and a movie combination,” Tony said as he opened the door to his apartment. The living room was already set up with a large-screen television, what looked like the title screen looping. On the coffee table was a steaming pizza and a glass of wine, bowls of popcorn on either side. “You like?”
if you haven't!
“I’ll keep that in mind.” Steve grabbed his own slice and turned his focus to the movie as it showed the sunken ship.
“It’s okay.”
The ‘no’ was out of Steve’s mouth before he even really thought about it. Tony took Steve’s hand and guided him out of Tucker’s and into the cool night. Steve could do nothing but stare at their joined hands, wondering if he were crazy for even considering this. Though, San Junipero gave him the only opportunity
Mostly because Steve didn’t think Peggy’s family, or any of the Howlie’s families, would appreciate a film made out of their deaths. Nobody knew who the Howlies were, though, so maybe that was the difference. “I guess I’m just finding it hard to believe they were okay with it.”
“No,” Steve said quickly before leaning in to give Tony a kiss. “I love it. Keep going.”
Steve’s words were cut off as Tony lifted just a little and let himself fall back down on Steve’s cock, and the silent waiting was broken. Tony used Steve’s chest as an anchor as he took his pleasure, barely letting Steve’s hips move as he rode him. Steve’s fingers tightened on Tony’s thighs before he couldn’t sit still any longer. When Tony pressed down again, Steve reached up to the man’s hips and held him still, ignoring the whine that came from Tony as he did so.
“I get that.” Tony ran his hand through Steve’s hair. “There will always be people not okay with it. Especially since this is the highest-grossing film.”
Confused, Steve looked back at him. “I’m not sure what you mean.”
“I find that hard to believe, but let’s do that. I want to take you real dancing next time.”
is the "traditional drink of Wimbledon" -- the exact recipe is a secret except to six people. The numbers after the drink indicate if it's made with gin, whiskey, brandy, etc (Pimm's No 1 is gin, for example).
He couldn’t help the smile that came and Steve gently rolled his hips, pulling a groan from Tony. He found himself wanting to taste every inch of Tony’s skin and, figuring he was allowed, Steve leaned in and ran his tongue over the part where Tony’s neck met his shoulder before giving it a small bite.
"Jarvis has eyes on the hospital for a five miles radius," Steve added in. "He and Peter rode in one of the armored cars as well, one that Jarvis can access remotely."
"I'll let Bruce take a couple samples, and I think I know what I'd like to do," Steve said, pushing his sleeves up.
"Language," Steve threw in.
As soon as Tony had popped the reactor back into place he was moving over to the hologram. He raised it up and looked at it. "The Unisphere, here," he pointed to the giant globe in the middle, "it's the nucleus." Tony pointed and the center lit up. "Lose the footpaths, the shrubbery, landscaping, all that, parking lots, entrances and exits." Tony flicked his fingers, things disappearing from the model.
Daaaate! :D
Steve knew the basics for anal sex and was confident enough he could do a somewhat decent job, but watching as Tony fingered himself was better than anything he could have done. Eyes wide and body shaking he was so hard, Steve could do nothing but squeeze Tony’s legs as the other man opened himself.
“Nothing but Cameron himself has topped it. The guy is good when it comes to this stuff.”
Steve tried to picture himself sitting down with Tony, cutting into a steak as they wore some fancy tux with bowties. That sort of stuffy date never sat well with him, so Steve shook his head.
When the scene came up, with Rose saying the line about drawing, Steve let out a snort. “This? Really?”
“You want to?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve just nodded as Tony got his own underwear and ripped shirt off. Unable to stop himself, Steve reached out to run a hand down Tony’s abs and down to wrap around the burnett’s cock. It was already slick with precum, though he knew his own wasn’t any better. Above him, Tony let out a long breath before swatting Steve’s hand away and leaning over to open the bedside drawer.
Tony snorted. “There is no way you
“Surprise it is,” Tony agreed, leading them down the streets. “Come on, dinner and a show waiting.”
Tony shrugged. “Don’t really care, honestly. I just want you to have a good time. We might be in the 90s for the setting, but it’s not as if we have to stick with the whole theme of it.”
pockets?) and a slightly-baggy blue flannel shirt with a white tank top. He felt underdressed for a date, but Natasha had insisted this was a good look for the decade. Keeping with his apparent odd choice in dress, Tony wore a t-shirt with some kind of graphic on it he couldn’t recognize along with a pair of overalls with one of the straps undone. Both of them wore combat boots which actually relaxed Steve as he thought Natasha had been joking about that.
“Yeah?”
“You can say that. I don’t really--”
“More than.” Steve settled on the couch, pulling Tony next to him. “Let’s get on with this. If I cry...”
(See the end of the chapter for
Clothing ideas came from
Steve blinked, sitting up a little. “You... you want to do this again?”
This is it, everyone. Hope you enjoy!
“Tony?”
Sadly, I haven't yet been able to make either since Gin isn't something my house stocks normally, but ... tis the holiday season lmao.
the film. The movie is preserved in some historic place... I can’t remember where.”
Having a place to call home in San Junipero had a tempting draw, but Steve knew that if he had a place here, he would never
“If you’re up for it, I do. I’m not about to say no to fantastic sex.”
-- Superhusbands!
“What did people do in this decade?”
“Oh, I’m up for it,” Steve said before going about proving it.
“Does it have to start in the bedroom?” he asked, letting his free hand rest on Tony’s hip. “Or is that a requirement for this?”
to leave. He still had too much to do, too much to experience, to get lost in the haven of the city.
“I want to...” He wasn’t sure how to finish his sentence, so instead, Steve carefully rolled them so Tony was once again pressed against the bed.
Steve wanted so much, wanted to
Steve kissed him again, deepening it just as the music faded out. The last thing he wanted to admit was that he loved Tony, sure that it was far too soon to admit such a thing. When he broke the kiss, he pulled Tony against him, turning back to focus on the movie where Jack and Rose were running through what looked like an engine room.
, that’s so hot,” Tony murmured before his fingers gripped Steve’s hair and pulled him back in.
“Did you know,” Tony started, making Steve grin, “that the water was actually freezing and her reactions are natural because of it?”
“Off,” Tony breathed out. “Take it off,
Tony laughed, reaching for a slice of pizza as the movie began. “If you cry, you can top tonight.”
He arched an eyebrow. “Well, now I want to...”
“It’s okay,” he said, voice soft yet still a little breathless. “Let me show you.”
One fun fact I came across while watching this film actually made me lose a bit of respect for Neil deGrasse Tyson? I adore his usual inputs in regards to accurate science stuff, but he apparently took so much offense to the fact that the stars Rose was looking up at while she was in the water weren't what they should have looked like, that he complained no less than four times. Eventually, Cameron changed it to make it look like the damn right stars. However, that took out the fact that before this, the stars were
No, Steve decided, he didn’t just like it. He
“Impossible,” Steve murmured before tilting Tony’s chin so he could kiss him. “Absolutely impossible.”
One moment, Steve was pressed against Tony, and the next they were still tangled on the bed next to another. Steve blinked open his eyes, still catching his breath, to see Tony next to him with a wide smile. He shifted his arm, letting Tony’s leg fall back against the bed, and then gently pulled himself out of Tony’s body. Tony let out a soft noise as Steve settled next to him, unsure what to say.
He passed by the game room just to see what was there, chuckling to himself when he saw Pong. A few recruits on base liked to play table tennis and the game reminded Steve of that. He watched a few minutes before moving on.
Thank you LOADS to "Put on the Suit" discord for the help in the date ideas. And BIG THANKS to
Steve squeezed his eyes shut, unable to stop his hips from jerking up. Their cocks slid together and Tony let out a low moan, his fingers stopping as he breathed. Steve went to say an apology, but Tony shook his head and continued opening himself up, talking as he did so.
Not paying any attention, Steve ran right into someone. He reached out instinctively to make sure the other person didn’t fall -- that was when he realized just who he had run into.
“What?” Tony pinched his side. “It’s a great line! And I’m finally dating an artist, so I’m able to say it.”
They never left the couch.
“I want to feel this when I’m home,” he said. “I want to physically remember what we did here.”
Recipe time!
Steve had never been one to enjoy begging, but something about the way Tony did it made him want to do anything asked. But he hesitated at the request, not wanting to hurt the other man -- could he hurt him while in San Junipero? Was that possible?
Was he? Steve looked down between them, focusing on the ridiculous flare of Tony’s pants. He let his eyes travel upward, past an obvious bulge below the tight waist. A button-down shirt was somehow tucked in and it didn’t leave much to the imagination on how fit Tony was beneath it. When he got to the open ‘v’ of the shirt, exposing the top of Tony’s chest, Steve couldn’t look away.
That had Steve quiet and he looked over Tony’s expression, trying to find the joke or the lie hidden there. Plenty of people in his life had done so already, but when had Tony ever lied to him? He hadn’t so far and something like hope sparked in Steve’s chest. He reached out for Tony’s hand, stopping it on his stomach.
“I am a tourist, but if you’re here often enough and have the right contacts, you can get a place.” Tony turned them down a road.
“Maybe we’ll do that together,” Steve later whispered as Jack held Rose in the same spot, the sunset bleeding in the background. The smile on Tony’s face was an even better view than anything Jack and Rose had on the ship; Steve reached over, lacing their fingers happily.
Tucker’s was now half bar, half internet cafe. Steve stayed by the entrance, but he couldn’t take his eyes off of the multiple people wandering through the rows of computers where there were once game consoles. Some were obviously looking up porn, but others kept to random videos of cats -- one person looked to be on some kind of conspiracy site. If it weren’t for his date, Steve might have been tempted to go see what exactly San Junipero offered regarding the internet.
“Hell no, it isn’t a requirement,” Tony said before leaning up on his toes to kiss Steve.
“Is... is that a bad thing?”
Steve flushed, letting his arms drop. “I’m sorry, I--”
it. And he knew, in that moment with Celine Dion’s instrumental accompaniment in the background and Tony’s smile, that he loved the man next to him.
heard of his
Steve didn’t want to remove himself from Tony, so he reached both hands up and simply ripped the fabric straight down the middle. He missed what Tony said to that, too busy with letting his tongue slide over a nipple before putting it into his mouth.
“Tony...”
Moving on instinct, Steve pressed Tony up against the hallway wall, letting the shorter man deepen the kiss as he did so. Steve moved his hand to cup Tony’s ass, fingers kneading it gently and dragging out a moan from him. Tony’s hands made quick work on Steve’s jeans and the kiss broke so Tony could push them off his hips.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve wanted to show Tony his home, as much as he could, so that’s where he would take him. He ran a hand up Tony’s back. “You know... you did promise I could top if I cried.”
As Rose backed away from her mother, and thus her life, Steve grinned and he actually laughed as she spat in Cal’s face. “Jack taught her well,” he murmured, pulling a laugh from Tony as well. “I hate that you’re making me watch this for one scene.”
go anywhere.
At one point, he shifted his knee and Tony cried out, back arching as he yelled  a “
Steve did not want to admit that he had no idea what Tony was talking about, so he decided to change the subject instead. “We should do this again.”
for the more specific details. Seriously, check out the tumblr if you ever need some Steve research!
Also if anyone was curious about what restaurant Tony was mentioning, it was Johnny Rockets. I'm not sure if all of them sing/dance in the aisles, but the one I went to sure did.
Almost immediately, Steve could imagine himself on his knees in that beach bathroom, mouth nipping at Tony’s skin before taking the man in his mouth. He licked his lips, forcing himself to take a step back from the temptation in front of him, but Tony wouldn’t have that. He stepped closer, reaching up to tug at one of the cuffs of Steve’s sweater.
The walk to the building and up to Tony’s apartment felt as though it took less time than usual. He resisted the urge to pin Tony against the elevator wall, wanting to actually get through the date without leading them straight to the bed first. With only a limited time left (six more visits, after today), he wanted to actually see if this would go anywhere.
, which has far more significance than the damn correct sky. And he could have argued that it was Rose's cold hallucination. So in this instance, I really just want to tell Tyson to stfu because sometimes significance is better than accuracy. I adore the crap out of you sir, but come
"You should not be this on top of your game with only a few hours of sleep," Tony grumbled and finished putting away Wade's clothes. "Seriously. It must be the serum that gives you this second wind." When Steve had woken up from his spot on the couch, and had seen Tony sitting in the over-sized chair in Mary's living room, working, he was halfway through saying 'I think we should talk about what happened last night.' Then he noticed that Peter was also out in the living room with them, curled up asleep in Tony's lap. Tony just gave a little shake of his head, running a hand through Peter's hair gently. Now Tony just had to keep him off the topic, because an awkward conversation with Captain America about a kiss was not on his list of things to do. At all.
Wade raised an eyebrow at him. “Mr Steve’s not our Dad. You know who my Dad really is.” Bucky watched him carefully. “And you know that he’s dangerous. You’d be doing me a disservice by not teaching me how to protect myself.”
Tony turned his head to look at Steve, studying him, before nodding. "Yeah, I have to agree. Good job calling that one, Petey." Peter grinned. "But, if he's New Hope Skywalker, that means he would get a blue lightsaber?"
"We didn't see anyone, Cap," Clint said, turning towards him, bow folded up and on his back. "Whoever was in here got away pretty quick."
"I'm sure that it'll drive Tony crazy that someone was able to get past Jarvis as well," Natasha said as she looked between the two men. "Steve, I think that you should stay here while Clint and I go back to report to Fury."
“What about,” Steve grunted as he jumped to block a shot, knocking it away towards Bucky, “Papa?” Bucky missed the ball as Sam shot forward.
“If you put some clothes on,” Mary paused a little, and Steve could see her trying to get some pants on her little legs, “we can go see Papa.” There was a little gasp, and the soft sound of clothes hitting the ground. “Really? I knew you didn’t like socks, but now pants, too?” Mary snorted softly, almost fondly, and moved to the dresser to grab something else. She spied Steve standing there and raised an eyebrow. He put a finger to his lips and she rolled her eyes with a smile. “Alright, Mini Rogers,” she said back to Jamie. “How about we try a skirt? I know I’ve seen your Papa put you in one before.”
Tony put his hand on Steve's chest, smiling as he teared up. "I won't give up on us," Tony sang back to him in a whisper. "Even if the skies get rough. I'm giving you all my love, I'm still looking up." Steve leaned in and Tony eagerly met his lips for a kiss. It was warm, and tender, but strong, and everything that Tony needed, and wanted. "You're such a fucking sap." Steve smiled at him, his whole face seeming to light up. Tony wrapped his arms around his neck and they kissed again, Steve's arms winding around his waist, holding them close. "But, you're my sap, cause I'm in love with you, too."
"Sorry about that," Steve muttered quietly, looking over to see Meg in the rocking chair in the room, trying to soothe the twins. Bucky moved them out of the room but didn't shut the door.
"Restrain him," the first spoke, coming closer to Tony. "We'll take him to Strucker for now. Pierce should have the Captain and Widow." Tony took a deep breath and tried to pull away from the two men holding him. He let out a shout, his whole body tensing as another shock went through his body, then he went limp. Tony could hear, but he couldn't follow the faces of the men who were talking.
"Right, I was driving to the canyon, where I'm going to jog." What?
"You do," William nodded and Tony's expression deadpanned. "But I bet you looked worse yesterday. Peter needs you." Tony's resolve hardened at that statement, and he nodded. Peter needed him, and he'd be damned if he let that boy down.
“Yeah, that’s Daddy. Don’t tell Peter you saw him, though,” he said, walking over to the bed. As he sat down on the edge, Jamie abandoned the crackers and wiggled from Steve’s grip. He set her down on the bed, watching her crawl over to Tony, carefully sitting down by his head. She started to tap Tony’s cheek with her hand before Steve leaned over to stop her. “No, no, Daddy is sleeping.” He kissed her hand a little, pulling her back a couple inches. She blew a bubble with her lips, but didn’t look away from Tony. “I know, I want Daddy to wake up, too.”
“How do you always manage to find some of the cheesiest songs, with some of the best writing?” Tony’s fingers moved to rub a spot right behind Steve’s ear. “Seriously, it’s like you have a gift with all this pop music, and it’s hurting my music sensibilities.”
"You're going to end up with this on your shirt if you aren't careful," Steve threatened as Tony pulled away from him.
Steve snorted and rolled off Tony and brought his legs underneath him, seated right in front of the,
"I'm sure Bruce will know exactly what to do," Steve told him, trying to reassure him. "We'll watch her tonight, and Jarvis will be monitoring her, too." Steve ducked his head then. "She, uh, she kind of really looks like me, doesn't she?" He asked with a shy smile, and Tony couldn't help the little laugh that bubbled out of him.
