“Tony everything’s gonna he alright. Why haven’t you answered your phone? Also I’m so sorry but my flights been delayed but remember Thor and Bruce yeah?“
Tony woke up in a hospital bed with Bruce by his side. He smiled softly at Tony, “Hey Tones” Bruce chirped. Tony’s mind rushed with a million thoughts at once and like a ton of bricks every little detail began to register to him. He felt icky inside and out. “Rhode’s on the way, he’ll be here in half an hour” Bruce moved closer to Tony.
I’m so sorry I took forever to upload but I made it extra long :) hope you enjoy and as always comments are always appreciated.
Tony chuckled interrupting Steve. “No I get what your saying” he laughed again as Steve’s cheeks burned even brighter, if that was even possible at this point.  “I mean it has it’s moments I guess”, Steve rolled his eyes, how privileged was this guy?
“Wow that’s even sappier than my story. ” Tony smirked. Then it only got deeper from there. The duo spent what felt like ages talking to each other and Steve hated to admit it maybe he really was wrong about Tony. Maybe Steve was an ass after all.
“It’ll help with the hangover” The waiter responded, winking. Tony became a dark shade of red, he wasn’t used to people being nice to him and there was no doubt that the waiter was attractive.
“Uh-“ Rhodey struggled to come up with an excuse for Tony’s strange ordeal. He knew the reason is because he didn’t want his dad to see the hospital bill on the insurance record but no one other than Rhodey needed to know that. “Because he’s Tony duh he loves to spend as much money as possible!” Rhodey almost laughed at his unbelievable response.
“I mean it has its perks but it’s not like it’s that great. Ya know how everything has it’s pros and cons I guess but maybe I’m just being spoiled I guess. Like I would personally say the cons outweigh the pros but I mean it’s my personal view. Sure there’s the other side who haven’t had a bad day in their life and well obviously well maybe not obviously I’m not one of them. But I guess I have it pretty good I really shouldn’t be complaining. I get to invent things I like because I can buy the stuff and that’s always nice, science is nice it keeps me busy. Like the new project I’m working on helps make everyday tasks simpler but it’s kind of dumb at the same ti-“ Steve began chucking fondly at Tony. His pupils were huge as he happily ranted away about science, Steve wasn’t expecting this much personality from him. “Hey thats not very nice” this time Tony was blushing.
“Close but not wrong, Ireland’s my dream place actually. It’s where my grandparents are from and I’ve always wanted to take my mom back there”
The merman swam away into the small corner as fast as he could. “I-I told you I won’t do it just leave me alone! I don’t want to preform like-looks some kind of animal please just let me go home!” Steve approached the glass confused and sad. Tony realized it wasn’t one of the horrible zoo people and gasped slightly, trying to hide away even further into the corner.
“It is no that that I worry about, Howard is in a rage” it was then that Rhodey realized Jarvis was whispering. “I ask you Mr. Rhodes please keep an eye on Sir. I will take care of the rest.”
“Tony thank god you had me worried sick, listen to me I need you to relax. I saw what’s happening been trying to call you all day. I’m on my way, your dad will take care of the legal issues” the second Rhode heard Tony’s voice something was very wrong. He just didn’t know how to ask.
“I’m Brittany” she got Tony's attention causing his body to shift towards her. “I noticed you walk in and immediately thought this man has to buy me a drink” she smiled at the bartender as he placed one drink in front of her and one in front of Tony.
“Doc what’s up!” Tony contined to keep the front of everything was fine as he  flashed her a pearly smile with his busted lips.
He suddenly found himself in an alley, the cats once eating the scraps running away. His brain was using all it's power to move but he just couldn’t! Oh how he wished Rhodey was here, Rhodey always knew what to do. A million thoughts ran through Tony’s mind. Were they going to rob him? Or were they going to kill him? Is this how he was going to die, alone in a dark alley?
After stopping by at most of the exhibits the twins grew irritated, “Sirena! Sirena!” They cried in unison.
Natasha opened her laptop quickly sticking the usb inside. Her hand hovered over the mouse and she clicked the file of yesterday’s video. Sure she had told Steve she’d delete it but she never promised. Besides she has to know what actually happened, she wouldn’t be staying true to her criminology major if she didn’t investigate even more.
“Listen I really appreciate the hospitality but I have to go” Steve caught him just in time as he almost crashed to the ground. “…or not” he mumbled grabbing the water from Steve and rinsing his mouth out into the bucket. He put on his public facade, he couldn’t risk someone knowing what happened to him.  “Do you have a phone I could borrow and a first and last name?” It hurt to smile but he did it anyway.
He tried to yell but only a sad whimper escaped his lips. The people stopped touching him after what felt like years and spoke to one another all looking at something Tony couldn’t make out. His eyes stung, tears were escaping.  He wanted to scream, to beg for them to leave him alone put he couldn’t.
Tony couldn’t remember how it all happened, as he woke up in a glass tank. His heart pounded so quick in his chest he feared it would explode. Humans were talking in hushed tones while glancing at him every few sentences. He glanced over his surroundings, he looked like he was in a fake ocean? He desperately tried to hear what exactly the weird men in the suits were saying but he couldn’t hear a thing.  So instead he focused on his breathing and attempting to calm himself as much as he could. On the brighter side of things Rhodey has seen him so of course someone was getting help, well maybe. Suddenly without warning the glass tank was pushed over and Tony was in the fake ocean. He let out a yelp, swimming to the furthest corner possible to hide as much as he could.
The group of people suddenly touching him again taking what he assumes to be his wallet and other valuables. When something ran across the alley one of the girls screamed, at least that’s what Tony assumed, everything sounded muffled and his head only pounded more.
“Hey do you want a clean pair of clothes to change into?” Steve scratched the back of his neck awkwardly as Tony followed him into his bedroom. This whole experience felt was just a festival of weird.
“Yeah yeah sirena whatever let’s just go” everyone was together at first but as the day progressed they all found different sources of entertainment. Bucky and Sam found a lot more interest in the girl at the pretzel cart rather than the penguin exhibit.  Loki disappeared two minutes in and Peter followed him without Loki having any clue. Thor has dragged Bruce to the koala exhibit because he’s ‘been wanting to see one in person since birth’.  This left Steve with Natasha and Clint who were on a baby sitter adventure.
“And who should i sign the check - wait what?” Tony was definitely going to die of embarrassment before it hit 10 pm.
Sorry about the dry chapter I struggled a little with the dialogue and having it flow naturally :( but hopefully the next chapter will come along much more eventful! As always comments are very appreciated:)
His brain was going insane, his vision still blurry as he looked up dread filling his body for the thousandth time in the last 20 minutes. They were taking off his pants, hands of people he did not know began touching him. It felt as if a million hands roamed his body not daring to ask for permission. He felt like vomiting, but he couldn’t. Hands touched him and touched him and he never felt more used  in his life.
“What the hell happened to him?” Her brows furrowed as she approached Anthony bending down to get a better look at the situation. “Wait a minute, Is this-”
He meant to just watch them from afar but then him and his classmates decided to be stupid.  “Hey Stark, I dare you to touch one of the boats” Justin smirked and Tony turned around to face all his obnoxious classmates. If his father ever finds out about him being this close to the boats he’ll be in a whole new world of trouble.
“Why not just maybe crazy idea but put it on the billionaires insurance maybe?” Loki questioned, smirking.
The diner stayed quite, the only thing occupying Steve was the horrid gossip channel replying the same video of a singer throwing coconuts from her balcony on the paparazzi and the cats in the alley on the security camera.
Steve rubbed the back of his neck, “Uh yeah they were pretty bad. His ribs were really bruised up and his face was really really busted”.
“Thank you” he managed to say hiding himself deeper into his baseball cap. His eyes wandered back to the tv, it was another videoof him. He hated it, constantly being under the public eye having people you thought were friends post content of you on the internet for five seconds of fame and a pretty buck. He hated it.
“Hey Tony.” Steve tried to sound casual but failed when his voice was a little too high. He cleared his throat. “I hope I’m not disturbing you?” He denied himself saying he could come back later, it was better to just get it over with.
The friction of their skin rubbing against each other was overwhelming, almost too much, but not enough at the same time. No matter how much skin Tony touched, it wasn’t enough, he needed more. Clutching his waist, Tony turned them until they were lying next to each other, faces only inches apart. He slid his hand over his hip until he reached his destination. When he gripped his dick and started stroking him, Steve moaned with pleasure. He brought his hand to the back of Tony’s head to pull him into another kiss while his other hand moved to grab his erection, causing him to moan into Steve’s mouth.
At first he had always checked if nobody was around to see him, he would never live down the teasing from the team, but he quickly learned that nobody seemed to go on walks out here. It was just him and if he was honest, he was glad about it because -
JARVIS decided not to answer the question, which was again way too polite to be Tony's influence, and Steve laughed softly. At least the short conversation had taken his mind off of why he had been so nervous in the first place. But when JARVIS announced that they arrived at the penthouse, it came crashing back and even though the elevator doors already opened and Tony doubtlessly knew that he was on his way, he didn’t move. Instead he considered just leaving before Tony would see him, to just ignore any kind of feeling indefinitely.
He nodded slowly. “Yeah, he is okay. It kinda was a false alarm.” He pinched the bridge of his nose, taking a deep breath before he went on. “Look, I’m sorry..”
Even less than knowing what Steve would possibly tell him, he knew what he wanted to say. Sure, Steve had confirmed that he had meant what he wrote in that letter, but Tony wasn’t sure if that was enough to make him go back to how things were.
Even though he hated to admit it, Tony was a bit relieved that Steve didn’t say anything. He probably didn’t want to be rude, bless him and his old school courtesy. Tony should’ve told him about the plan first, but he just didn’t want to miss that chance. As he passed Steve he patted him on the upper arm before making his way back down to the workshop.
Steve groaned and caught a glimpse of Tony’s smug smile right before he turned them around until Tony was crowded between his body and the wall. When Steve thrust his hips forward he found Tony was half-hard already and he couldn’t suppress the moan forming in his throat.
distract him, but maybe just a little too much. They were supposed to meet at the gym in half an hour and if Tony spent all this time thinking about Steve’s backside, actually seeing it in action might be a little too much. So maybe thinking about him wasn’t helping, but at least it replaced the thoughts of his other colleagues. Well until now. Tony groaned, he should just get his stuff and make his way down to the gym. Without trying to think of
Their kiss was whether chaste nor reserved, it rather felt as if they had been kissing each other for the umptheenth time. Their lips moving in a mutual rhythm, their tongues licking at their lips, their heads tilted at just the right angle. Tony found himself thinking that it was a perfect kiss. Which made him actually realise that they were kissing. He had kissed Steve, and he kissed him back. He smiled into the kiss and when they broke apart, his smile had grown into a big grin. They didn’t move apart, holding each other close, smiling at each other, when Tony broke the silence, “well, it started out as rumor, but I’m not mad if  tonight it comes true.”
Tony groaned, this was definitely his least favorite part of those events. “Maybe I should order another scotch before.” He stopped when Steve just looked at him pointedly. “Or not. Let’s go.”
“Sorry, I’m.. uhm.. bed. I’m off. To bed,” Tony stumbled while turning around, practically running off to his bedroom.
Tony looked up at him. “You know, I was thinking.. Maybe Bucky could move into your quarter. You’re up here most of the time anyway, and you know.. I mean only if that would be okay with you.” He had started to stumble towards the end. Maybe it was too soon to suggest something like this, but now he had said it.
“Uhh.. You first.” He vaguely gestured at Tony who was now watching him through half lidded eyes. He leaned in again and pressed another peck to Steve’s lips and then moved on to nuzzle at his jaw. When he reached his earlobe he briefly sucked it into his mouth before whispering, “What do you think of taking this upstairs? King size bed sound good?”
The next few days happened in a blur. Every day was the same for Tony: getting up after a way too short night, working as much as possible, trying to think about Steve as little as possible. He had paid their flat a short visit after his night at Natasha’s to get a few things. He had said something about staying at Tasha’s for a few days and needing some space. He had even mentioned potentially moving out, which, frankly, had made Tony freak out internally. Maybe spending some time apart would help, Tony had tried to tell himself. But as soon as Steve was out of the door, Tony slumped back against the fridge, sliding down until he was sitting on the floor and had an anxiety attack.
Steve’s initial smile faltered when he realised that Tony taking the cup didn’t mean he would pause his work and he sighed. “Aren’t you hungry? How long since the last time you ate?”
“Yeah,” Tony replied just as quiet before Steve raised his hands, attempting to grab Tony’s face. “May I?”
“Don’t be. I understood that he wasn’t too happy about me cancelling, but he was so mad. I don’t know why he can’t accept you or the way I care about you. I mean, I was worried about you, of course I would be there for you, right? That’s what friends do. But he just doesn’t.. I don’t know why he’s so angry about this.”
So this was it, Tony guessed. He wasn’t wrong when he had asked if Steve would break up with him. He was pretty sure this was the end of the pretended thing they had going. At least that was what Tony hoped Steve wanted to talk about. Maybe he overdid the whole thing and Steve was mad at him? That would be even worse than just wanting to stop what they were doing. He didn’t just wreck their friendship, did he? Tony tried to take a few deep breaths, now slightly panicking. Since when took the elevator that long to reach his story? What if the elevator would get stuck? Maybe that would delay their conversation. Was there a way for Tony to tell Jarvis to stop the elevator without Steve noticing? But maybe they would just talk about it in here and it would be even more uncomfortable given the small space. Weren’t elevators actually supposed to be kinda romantic? Like ‘your crush kisses you as soon as the doors close’-romantic? All Tony got was awkward silence and nervous sweating, thanks for nothing.
Steve had been training every day of course so he wasn’t included in her rage and Barton and Banner at least had the decency to look a little ashamed. But of course Tony was indifferent to criticism and decided to joke about it instead, “at least we got America’s Ass to save the day, right?”
“..and I thought he could actually be considered perfect. But the thing is I realized he wasn’t perfect
“Yeah, sure,” he told him while Steve just slightly shook his head. He was probably already fed up with Tony and the way he acted, but there was no way to let that opportunity slip. He took Steve’s plate and placed it, together with his own, on the buffet table.
she is right, and I kinda hope so or else I’m gonna make a total fool out of myself, you kinda have feelings for me. And after learning about that, I realized that I might, you know.. feel the same way?!” It was more of a question towards the end, but Tony didn’t care. It was hard enough to even talk about it and he knew Steve wouldn’t judge him for any insecurities. But when Steve opened his mouth, Tony cut him off. He wanted to get it off his chest completely, before hearing what the other had to say.
When she stepped beside him to grab a bottle of water from the fridge, she eyed him suspiciously. Tony briefly thought about anything he could have done wrong in the past few days but didn’t come up with anything. Still considering if he should say something, Natasha interrupted his thoughts, “you look kinda miserable.”
“I really hated you with your shield and your uniform and your stupid smile and perfect ass..” Tony looked up at him. “But right from the start, I guess.”
“Ms. Romanoff has a message to deliver and I quote ‘I’m sorry to interrupt, but get your asses down here, we have a mission. Oh and since both of you didn’t attend breakfast I guess congratulations are in order.’”
Someone cleared their throat and Steve didn’t know how long he’d stared at Tony, but the spell was broken. Tony put on a smile that didn’t reach his eyes. “Morning everyone.”
! Tony all but jumped off the couch, bringing as much space between the two of them as possible. He had been about to
Maybe he was right. Maybe he just spent too much time being scared. Scared of not being good enough for Tony. Scared of losing Bucky. Perhaps he had even been so scared for him that he imagined him sounding miserable which had scared him even more.
After the movie ended the group fell into easy conversation and well-meant banter, but Steve kept mostly quiet, dwelling on thoughts. Now that he was on the brink of stopping this thing with Tony, he couldn't help but remember all those little things, the kisses, the tenderness on that day down in the workshop. Just like romanticizing an ex after the break up. Only that he had yet to tell Tony and there was no relationship to break up. But other than that..
Considering just going to the gym, ignoring all of this for one last time, he made a decision and finally got into the elevator. As soon as the door closed, JARVIS welcomed him. "Good evening Captain Rogers. It's good to see you."
After what felt like minutes they slowly started to loosen their grips on each other. Tony used the chance to take a step back, taking Steve’s hands in his. There was something he had to say after all.
“We’ll figure it out. Together," Steve assured him before he leaned in for another soft kiss. A kiss that said and promised so much more than they ever could say with words.
Steve gripped the back of Tony’s head and pressed their lips together again, before he laid down on the bed.
If only he knew, Tony thought but just started walking towards the general direction of the garage. He had yet to decide which car they would take. Right now the best choice would be a van with one of them in the driver’s seat and the other one in the back, as far away as possible. Unfortunately Tony only owned sports cars.
“Naaah, don’t need a break, my productivity is directly proportional to my lack of sleep. I’m fine.”
was a genius after all. And a playboy. And billionaire and philanthropist, not that it mattered right now but for the sake of completeness. But at least being a genius and playboy should help him in his situation.
When silence filled the room and Steve didn't seem to say anything, Tony asked, "uuhm.. was that oversharing again?"
Seeing Steve standing in the elevator made Tony realize that, of course, two days hadn’t been nearly enough to get ready for this moment. Not that he didn’t spend hours thinking about what to say or to guess what Steve would say, but the result was rather disappointing.
He tried his best to stay as silent as possible since Steve was still taking notes like a maniac, but he couldn’t suppress a laugh or a huff of annoyance every now and then. Because, seriously, who would name
“Steve..,” Tony’s voice was rough. Before he could go on, Steve just shook his head, silencing him by kissing his lips again. He moved on to his neck, biting and nibbling before leaving a line of kisses along his collarbone and chest. He took his time, covering every inch of Tony’s upper body with licks and kisses. Of course he would and it was about to make Tony go crazy. But even though he wanted to finally
Eyes opening wide in panic, Steve hastily shifted until only his side was pressed to the tree, one arm behind the wood, the other propped on his hip. Crossing his legs in a hopefully casual way, he forced a smile to his lips and looked up.
“Yeah,” she said, still a little confused apparently. “That’s what he told me. He almost kissed you even though he knew you weren’t interested in him and that’s..” - “Wait, wait, wait. Stop!
“Well..,” Tony said, sounding a little sheepish. “I couldn't sleep and then I thought about all those things I could do instead, like working or drinking or you know.. having sex. And now I'm kinda.. horny?"
His hair was styled similar to Steve’s, but was even lighter and it went perfectly with his blue eyes and seven day stubble. His sympathic smile just added to the picture.
So he had really put some thought into it and was pretty sure, dating just wouldn’t be the best thing to do. But of course Tony didn’t care and insisted on finding the ‘perfect date’ for him and the way it seemed to be important to Tony and the amount of enthusiasm he had talking about it, Steve found himself agreeing. Somehow he had a soft spot for Tony.
A few days later spinning around on his chair, Tony immediately dropped everything when Steve entered the workshop. Apparently he was desperate to hear about his date. “Heeeey. So, how’d it go?”
“Naah, it’s fine. JARVIS just made me leave the workshop, apparently something about healthy work-life balance or some such thing,” Tony explained and rolled his eyes, making Steve snort.
“Am I getting this right..” Tony took a step forward into Steve’s space, “that the thing you thought you didn’t get to have was me? This?” He pointed a finger at himself and then at Steve, their bodys so close that his hand had just enough space without touching them in the movement. Tony peared at Steve, anxiously waiting for his response. He hoped he didn’t read anything wrong.
“So your ears are better than your eyes, that’s something at least,” Natasha seemingly called after him.
He raised his hands and made it his mission to discover every inch of this absolutely ripped chest and abdomen while he let Steve kiss him senseless.
“You're going through that much trouble just to not have to ask me out?” Steve was teasing, but his eyes had widened at Tony’s statement in what was probably surprise. But at least he didn’t just turn around and leave, so there was that.
He pressed the heels of his hands onto his eyes until everything went pitch dark and groaned again. Only this time the noise turned into a yawn. Even if it wasn’t that late, it was time to go to sleep, he supposed. Dragging himself to his room, he flopped onto his bed and didn’t even bother to cover himself with a blanket. This time sleep came faster. Probably because Tony had been awake for almost 36 hours and was downright exhausted. If it wasn't for that he would sleep as little as last night, that was for sure.
Steve just rolled his eyes and made his way to the kitchen, he really needed coffee. Preferably black, because Tony would probably go on for hours, just like he had done for the past weeks.
Possibility B: as soon as the potential partner would figure out how much they would be in the public eye because their boyfriend was Captain America and of course how often he would be away on missions, they would break up with him. Also no further explanation needed.
Even though he had spent the last few months trying not to think about why he was kind of drawn to him, deep down he had known the reason. And that’s exactly why he shouldn’t have allowed himself to be this close to him, it was bound to mess everything up. Starting now, apparently. What got him the most, though, was how different this time had gone. Their whole encounter had been so playful and kind of sweet, actually, like they gradually stepped up their game from an almost anonymous handjob to something that could almost be real. It had made Steve want to keep kissing him, holding him afterwards,
Steve had reached the waistband of Tony’s boxer briefs. He hesitantly kissed his thighs before looking up at Tony, cheeks flushed, eyes a little wide.
They settled into an easy conversation after that. Tony showed him the progress on his latest project and told him about the way he wanted to update the team’s armour and weapons. Steve listened and threw in some ‘aha’ and ‘ok’s here and there but he had become rather quiet. There was something on his mind, but he wasn’t sure how to put it exactly. He nervously wriggled about on his seat, opening his mouth a few times, but didn’t start speaking yet. With a last deep breath he braced himself for the following conversation.
A few days later Tony found himself sitting on a blanket at the Pond in a deserted Central Park, wondering what the actual fuck he was doing. When he first came up with the idea, he thought it was superb. Meeting Steve at the Pond where, after the Battle of New York, they had really
Even though it didn’t sound like it the way Tony was still laughing, he still believed him. It hadn’t even been a bad date so no harm done.
He should have known. There were certain things you could only lie to yourself about for so long and apparently having a crush on Tony Stark was one of them. Not that he had ever thought about it in terms of a crush or in any form, really, but unfortunately there was no denying it anymore. Of course he had noticed how attractive Tony was, it took him about 2 seconds when he had first met him. But that’s just.. looks. And most people found several other people attractive, right? But then Tony had proceeded to amaze him on so many other levels that were way more important than appearance. Even through all their disagreements, Steve had always understood his angle, he always fought for fairness and for what he thought was right, just like Steve himself. He was a genius, but without rubbing it under your nose. He was a billionaire, but without being greedy, always giving much more than he had to. He was an asshole sometimes, to be honest, but never with the intent of hurting anybody. He was.. just so much more than most people could see and the fact that Steve could go on with this list about great things about Tony probably already said enough.
As soon as the phone his hand stopped vibrating, it started to ring again. He hadn’t deliberately ignored the call, he just got lost in thought. A quick look at the display told him that it wasn’t Steve, it was Pepper and there was no way he would be able to disregard her, she would just try over and over again.
Usually Tony would have laughed and probably even made fun of Steve, telling him he was a prude and whatnot, but for some reason he stayed quiet and they walked the last block in silence. When they reached the tower Steve stopped, looking at Tony. “Thank you. You really were a sight for sore eyes.” He smiled and had apparently recovered from his initial shock so Tony just looked at him expectantly.
“Naah, it’s fine. JARVIS told me that you were on your way. What about your date? You’re back early.”
Steve just watched him for a few moments and even if he would’ve tried, Tony couldn’t guess what was going through his head.
“What are you doing?” He heard himself say, voice hoarse and he didn’t know why he even asked. At this point he couldn’t care less as long as Tony didn’t stop.
A shiver ran down Steve’s spine, becoming aware of where this was leading up to. Trying to come up with a flirty answer, he opened his mouth, but all he managed was some faint nose when Tony kissed him. It was deep and a little provocative with Tony’s tongue licking along his lips without passing them, but it was different from any kiss they had shared. Up until now it had been only rough, urgent ones, if any. This one was way softer, almost chaste compared to their other encounters and Steve realized he never wanted this kiss to end. That was a thought he’d probably dwell on, upon other terms, but in this case it had to wait. Bringing his hand to Tony’s hips, he pulled him in even closer, enjoying the way their bodies seemed to fit together perfectly.
“Wow, you really meant it when you said, you're horny,” Steve chuckled without stopping his movement.
But he didn’t seem to be sportive either, so Tony told him about the conversation he overheard. “And you know, I just thought if they want rumors, we should give them something to talk about. Hence me calling you ‘Sweet Pea’.”
They lay like that for a few moments, Tony still catching his breath while Steve gently stroked his hair. “So, how long?”
Natasha smiled at him one last time and walked away. Before she could leave, Tony called after her, “hey Natasha? Uhm, thank you.”
“Hey Tony.” Steve had gotten up and walked over to meet him halfway. He kissed him briefly, but it wasn’t as lighthearted as it should have been. He knew Tony wouldn’t like what was about to come.
escaped Steve’s lips when his back met the wood, his hands instantly coming up to grab Tony’s biceps.
Pacing up and down the living room Tony tried to come up with what to say to Steve. He would need to find a way to make it up to him, to show him how much he meant to Tony and how sorry he was. Hopefully he would come back to the tower tonight, Tony wanted to get over their fight rather sooner than later. After the conversation with Pepper, Tony had been about to call Steve, but he didn’t want him to think he was controlling him or something. So he was waiting patiently. If pacing through every room counted as patiently.
“Thank you for bringing me here. Think we could stay here a little longer?” Steve asked as he put his arm around Tony.
Now that he thought about it, Steve didn’t say anything about it and Tony didn’t ask, he never did. And, in the olden days, he couldn’t have cared less for the reasons, but if he was honest, this was different. He had tried not to go there, but now that Natasha mentioned it, he was curious what Steve’s reason could have been. Maybe he should have asked.
Both of them laughed, but not without Steve rolling his eyes, when they made their way to the elevator.
When he came to stand next to Steve, they put their arms around their shoulders like they had done a hundred times. What Tony usually didn’t do was raising himself on tiptoes, kissing Steve on the cheek right before the picture was taken.
Steve turned his head to find Tony still staring at him. He figured actions were needed to pull him out of his trance. With just two steps he was in front of Tony with his hands around his waist and pulled him in for a kiss. He kept it simple but couldn't stop the soft moan escaping his mouth. While he traced Tony’s jaw with his lips he slid his hands under his shirt. Slowly he moved his hands along Tony’s sides, pushing the fabric up until Tony held up his hands, so Steve could remove it completely. He carelessly threw the fabric on the floor while his gaze roamed down over Tony’s upper body.
Still not really coming to terms with Tony standing in front of him, Steve felt like he had to stall for time. “I’ll make tea so you’ll warm up again.”
When they parted, Steve still smiled at him. “Oh Tony? One more thing, don’t slap my ass while everybody is watching.”
He grasped at Steve’s bow tie, initially trying to take it off. When his action failed he decided to go for plan b. He broke their kiss and used the bow tie to pull Steve with him.
“Maybe.. don’t tell anybody about it?” He said nevertheless, but Tony just started laughing again after he had calmed down even just a little.
Without even knowing why Steve was calling he left the room. Of course nobody approved him leaving, but Tony didn’t care and was glad to escape that madness.
“Why? Like.. why? Just.. How can a gerbil be the first thing you think of when you’re asked for something a doctor pulls out of a person?”
Tony made an attempt at pushing himself up. “ ‘m sorry, I shouldn..” But Steve interrupted him, a hand gently pressing his body back down against his own. “Don’t be. I was just.. surprised, but I could get used to it as well.” As if to prove his words true he gave Tony a kiss on the hair before tightening the grip around him.
uncomfortable?” Tony made sure to stress the pronouns so there wouldn’t be a misunderstanding. There were only three options, either he heard it wrong, Natasha misspoke herself or.. Nope, Tony wouldn’t go there yet. Not before he knew for sure.
The next few days everything resumed to be rather normal. Just like before, Tony and Steve acted like always, like nothing had ever happened between the two of them. Of course there were Tony’s remarks and his banter, which sometimes hit a bit too close to home for Steve’s liking. But then again Tony couldn’t know, so Steve couldn’t even blame him. Still, he had come to the conclusion to talk to Tony and stop this whole thing anyway. It was the right thing to do, keeping their friendship alive, keeping everything from messing with the team and keeping Steve from watching his heart break somewhere in the near future. He was still waiting for the right moment to talk to Tony, though, since it had been a busy week and, maybe, because Steve stalled a little.
Steve exhaled, probably pretty audible, but he was too relieved by Tony’s reaction. He hadn’t told many people about this and he was really thankful that so far everyone had been at ease with the information. Still Steve guessed he didn’t look as relieved as he felt or maybe it just took too long for him to say something, because Tony started speaking again, “and just for the record, Steve. That’s totally fine, you don’t have to be ashamed or anything.”
“So, you think kissing would be the top answer for things to do in the rain?” Tony asked thoughtfully, but was cut off when Steve grumbled something that suspiciously sounded like 'stop talking' before he pulled Tony even closer and pressed their lips together again.
After they had made it through another equally as boring speech, the worst part was over. Another drink might have been the only reason Tony survived.
Steve didn’t waste any time stepping away from the table. With a brief look at Tiffany he excused himself, “Sorry, I really have to go.”
Maybe he shouldn’t be here, maybe he should just tell Tony what he had wanted to tell him earlier, stop this and try to get it off his mind. It would be the healthier decision, but when Steve let his eyes wander over Tony’s body, taking in everything from his soft, ruffled hair and beautiful brown eyes to the way his muscles were showing through his clothes, Steve couldn’t help wanting him. Ending this tomorrow would probably hurt just the same, right?
. Not that he had spent too much time thinking about it for several reasons. Mostly because he had never been sure if they were friends or still enemies or probably both depending on the situation. But also because no matter what he would feel for Steve, he would never reciprocate. At least that’s what he thought. After reading the letter again and again he wasn’t so sure anymore. Maybe Tony just read something into it that wasn’t there, but somehow it didn’t feel like he was imagining it.
After a stop at the bar and his first scotch Tony felt a little more like himself again. Maybe he would even find a way to make a good use of his situation. Given their surroundings and Steve’s sense of duty he’d probably let Tony get away with more than usual. He could at least shamelessly enjoy the sight of Steve and maybe even flirt with him a little. Not that it would lead anywhere. Steve probably wouldn’t even notice and write it off as Tony being Tony. Even if he would notice, that wasn’t going to change the fact that Steve was not into men and most definitely not into Tony, so there was that. But it would probably lighten Tony’s mood and get him through the night.
“I wanna be honest, Lincoln. You seem like a great guy, pretty perfect actually.” Steve grinned. “But I just realized that I have feelings for someone. I just didn’t know I liked him like that. So I guess I have to pass on that second date.”
Instead of answering, Tony made a grimace, looking down to his crotch. Following his gaze Steve saw that his fly was undone. Blushing, he noticed a suspiciously looking wetness on his pants. When he looked back up, Tony shrugged, looking a little sheepish. “Couldn't wait.”
Just as always, Romanoff, or ‘Ms. Cruel Punisher’, as Tony liked to call her whenever he was allowed to finally leave the gym, wasn’t satisfied with their performance. Tony didn’t get why he and Banner had to train basic close combat when one of them only fought in armour and the other one turned huge and green. And Steve was good enough anyway. But Natasha insisted that they should be able to defend themself every second of the day whether they had their resources or not. Maybe she was right, not that Tony would tell her, but he still hated her drills. The only good that came out of their sessions was that he got to watch Steve. That might actually even be the reason why his fighting wasn’t improving. Again, Steve was pretty distracting. The way every twitch of muscle was visible through his shirt and his sweatpants tightened around his thighs and ass with every movement. Much less the way he moved, swift, powerful and capable. With him in the room you didn’t just look away. At least that was how it was for Tony.
“Yeah, okay.. it’s just the great Captain America.. you know what? Nevermind. So what’s your excuse to be awake?”
Tony pretended to be offended, until he probably realised that this meant he wouldn’t need to make excuses to not go to the museum anymore and then smiled at Steve, who just chuckled.
“Steve Rogers, are you asking me to be your boyfriend?” Tony teased softly, but Steve just moved his free hand to cup Tony’s cheek. “I’d like that very much,” he whispered, lowering his eyes to Tony’s lips before asking, “may I?”
Before he could go on, Tony broke in on him. His anxiety was back, probably at an eight out of ten at least, and he really didn’t need to hear how stupid his idea was. He had been so sure of it when he first came up with the idea. Thinking that Steve would probably appreciate something small and intimate and prefer a nice picnic over some fancy restaurant. But now he was back to being insecure about the whole thing.
After they figured out how to angle their arms so they wouldn’t interfere with one another they found a matching rhythm: fast and hard since getting off rather quick was the ultimate goal. And it felt
When the noise of the wind rustling through the trees and the singing of the birds got louder, his own thoughts took a backseat, allowing him to relax a little. Not uncommonly he felt like the weight of the world was pressed on his shoulders, so he really welcomed the calm and peace for a change.
Steve rolled his eyes even though he wasn’t too mad at Tony. He hadn’t even called her Laura, but Tony didn’t need to know that.
Tony was so close, he had to tip back his head, looking at Steve through his long dark lashes before leaning in. His breath ghosted over Steve’s lips, his mouth teasingly close without touching his, as he whispered, “if you want me to take a break, make me.”
“First of all, you’re right, it was kinda hard at the end, that’s why I wanted to stop, but it’s safe to say that I still enjoyed it. Secondly, Natasha was right about me and because I want you to live, I’m not gonna tell her that you doubted her.”
Lowering his gaze, Tony seemed to notice that he was still holding Steve’s wrist and swiftly let go. “I‘m sorry.”
Half an hour later, laying on his bed, he was still nowhere near sleepy. Even then his lips still seemed to tingle from Tony’s kisses. He had been almost a little surprised that he had kissed him in the first place. Sure, there had been other kisses before, but those happened rather impulsive, not as intentional and nearly affectionate. Nevertheless, there was no way he could deny that he had liked it. Tony’s soft lips caressing his own, his tongue licking in and around his mouth and.. other parts. Steve still blushed at the thought, now that the adrenaline had worn off. Closing his eyes he pinched the bridge of his nose. This is really not how he should be feeling.
Steve’s response was something between a hum and a chuckle that was interrupted by him flopping on the couch that had hit the back of his legs. Surprised by the sudden fall he grabbed the front of Tony’s shirt, almost sending him tumbling, too. Laughing, Tony closed the distance, capturing Steve’s lips again before bringing up his hands to fumble with his belt. His motor skills seemed just as gone as Steve’s ability to think in complete sentences, but when he broke the kiss to dedicate himself to the task at hand, he managed to open his belt and fly in one swift move. After he was done he grabbed for the waistband of his jeans while Steve eagerly raised his hips, and pulled them down, taking his underwear with them.
“Tony..,” Steve started, his voice soft and calm. “I’m sorry. I never wanted to make you feel like you weren’t good enough. I know you..,” he trailed off.
With another interruption from another stranger they were finally on their way to the buffet. If you had to attend charity galas or whatever they were even here for, you could at least enjoy the free drinks and food. Tony walked to Steve’s side and put his hand in the small of Steve’s back, guiding him through the mass of people, even though he didn’t know any better which direction they needed to go. Steve’s head turned to watch him just in time with his hand settling on his back, his look quizzically, but since he didn’t say anything, Tony didn’t move his hand away..
He smiled to himself just as Steve turned around, breakfast seemingly ready. He paused a moment, just looking at Tony, who was in his boxer briefs and Steve’s t-shirt. Of course it didn’t fit him nearly as good, since he lacked a lot of muscle compared to Steve’s body. But going by his look, Steve still liked what he saw. When he started to move, he quickly walked into Tony’s space, instantly pressed their lips together and Tony was eager to return the kiss.
He was barely aware of the reactions they got, because he was too busy shamelessly staring at Steve. He was actually really beautiful with those piercing blue eyes and unbelievably soft looking hair. Tony wondered about the real reason why he didn’t have a girlfriend. Was there even a woman on this planet who wouldn't want to date him? And from personal experience Tony knew that even men weren’t immune to the charms of Captain America.
Natasha sighed. “He would want me to say he’s fine, but he isn't. Not really. And I’m also still not over the fact that I don’t get to see you two together at the same time right now.. It’s just not the same.”
When Tony chuckled at his joke, Steve’s smile grew wider as if he had just wanted to lighten the mood before he would continue.
I hope this is good :) tried to show as much detail as possible. As always comments are appreciated. Thank you <3
Steve just turned around and when he spotted Tony, he appeared to be a little startled. But maybe Tony just imagined, because a moment later Steve leaned against the counter and smiled at him. “Hey.. Honey.”
“Are you okay?” Bucky asked softly and a little out of breath. The intensity of the hug had surprised him.
There was the moment Tony always kind of dreaded when he talked to Natasha. It was the moment he realized that she knew something he didn’t know and not uncommonly she became smug about it. And Tony hated it. From not knowing something to racking his brain about what it could be.
close they were. Their faces were only inches apart and Tony was looking directly into those damn blue eyes, running the risk of getting lost in them. Steve’s arm was still on his shoulder, heavy and warm and Tony was painfully aware of it. They had been close before, sure, but this was different. None of them made any noise, Tony wasn’t even sure if they were still breathing, the only sound he could hear was his rapidly beating heart. After a few long seconds, almost by itself, his body slowly moved forward, his gaze flickering from Steve’s eyes to his lips. Something in the back of his mind was trying to tell him to stop and maybe it was the residual alcohol, but he couldn't bring himself to care. He could even swear that Steve was leaning in as well. That was it, he thought, he was going for it. He was going to kiss Steve.
Tony didn’t even try to hide his laughter anymore. “No awkward silence at least, right? I’m really sorry.”
Steve liked his loud and forward nature, that’s just who he was and even though it was one of the reasons they fought as much as they did, he still liked it about him. But seeing him quiet and at ease like that was new and kind of exciting, if Steve was honest.
Keeping his gaze on Tony's eyes, Steve could read amusement in them when he said, "Well, I like you, too. We're frien-' He cut himself short and the amusement was replaced with something else, something serious Steve couldn't read completely, when he presumably understood what Steve was really saying.
It was probably a good thing Tony took kindly to it, but on the other hand it made Steve’s heart ache a little because it confirmed what he already knew, Tony didn’t care for him the same way Steve cared for him. Otherwise he would have reacted differently, a little more afflicted or confused or.. at all. At least Steve now knew better than to keep his hopes up after all.
“I’m just saying..” Tony shrugged. “She’s cute. And she’s not your neighbor anymore which means it doesn’t get weird if it doesn’t work out.”
Steve raised his hands to cup Tony’s cheeks and pulled him in for a gentle kiss before rolling onto his back. Tony immediately snuggled up to his side.
After only a few more moments Steve started breathing fitfully, indicating that he was close. Since Tony wasn’t sure if Steve was ready to come in his mouth he added a hand, jerking the base of his dick. Just in time with Steve croaking his name, Tony raised his head, releasing Steve’s dick. Steve’s head was thrown back, his eyes closed. Tony watched him closely while stroking him in a fast motion until Steve came all over his hand only a few more jerks later.
“Yeah?” Steve finally asked and Tony almost didn’t hear it while being lost in thought and the soft way he had said it.
Tony bolted upright. Did he just kinda think about him dating Steve? Sure, Tony wasn’t blind, Steve was good looking. He was easy to be around and Tony liked spending time with him, they weren’t friends for no reason. And maybe Tony even caught himself thinking it was cute how Steve didn’t get references or was irritated by 21st century things. But Tony guessed he was just too invested in Steve’s dating life right now and that’s where those thoughts had come from. That must be it.
“I know you’re not. You’ve had dinner reservations and I saw Steve leave alone. You sound sulky, what happened?”
Tony had already made several comments about the speech, the spokesman and his outfit and Steve had stopped trying to shut him up. But then the guy on stage in his hideous shiny suit announced that something was a, quote, ‘damn good thing’ and Tony could not let that slip. So he leaned over to Steve and whispered not too quiet, “for gosh sake, can’t this guy watch his language.”
Tony made his way over to the couch, plopping down next to Steve and decided to change the subject, which Steve thankfully didn’t seem to mind.
While they helped themselves on the buffet, Tony made a point being near Steve as much as possible. He always wanted whatever food was on his other side so he would have to bend over the table and brush Steve. If they had to change position to get their foods, Tony always touched Steve, guiding him with a hand on his back, touching his arm or anything like it. Just when they were about to take their plates back to their table, a reporter approached.
At first he had been too blind to see, too oblivious to his own feelings or maybe just too ignorant. It didn’t matter because at some point he finally started to notice that he always wanted to be around Tony, liked to spend time with him. Of course he did, they were friends, he had told himself. But it hadn’t stopped there, he became aware of how much he enjoyed it whenever Tony touched him: a pat on the back here, a kiss on the cheek there. Steve had felt like he was set on fire every single time. Conversely he had started to search for excuses to initiate contact as well. He had also begun to really
“Well, Dr. Banner is a genius in his sphere and his work on antielectron collision is truly unparalleled. Don’t you think, Steven?” He turned to look at Steve. Okay, so maybe he was over playing nice. Tony didn’t even really know why but he thought it would be a good idea to call Steve by his full name. But then again his brain and mouth too often worked faster than he could follow.
After leaving the elevator, they swiftly passed the living room and even though Steve was actually curious to take a closer look at the penthouse, this was definitely not the right time. He followed Tony into an adjacent room that turned out to be a well-spaced bedroom, but stopped on the threshold. This was so different, he realized. Watching Tony standing in front of his huge bed, watching him, waiting for him, actually being invited here not just slammed against the next wall out of an impulse. He didn’t know if it was any different for Tony, but for him it definitely felt like it was more intimate, more real. The realization made his chest ache, anxiety starting to creep in. Standing here in Tony’s bedroom he could almost imagine what their life could be like. Spending their evenings cuddling on the couch, enjoying their time together after a busy day before deciding to call it a night, falling asleep with their limbs tangled, knowing the other would still be there when they’d wake up. This was all he wanted, all the more it hurt to know that it would never happen.
Passing Tony, he wanted to make his way back to the compound to think about how to survive the endless teasing from Clint, Natasha and Tony about this. But he didn’t get far, because Tony grabbed his wrist, making him stop. The touch of Tony’s hand on his skin felt like an electrical shock, sending a shiver down his spine. Even though Steve kind of relished the feeling, he had to suppress the urge to pull his arm away. He had taken care of touching Tony as little as possible, it was the only way to hide how much it affected him every time. With a deep sigh, Steve slowly turned around and to his surprise found a serious expression on Tony’s face. Nothing indicated that he’d been tearing up laughing only seconds ago, instead he looked almost guilty, a crooked smile on his lips.
When Steve entered the room, Tony stopped in the doorway, leaning against the doorframe. “We can take turns if you..,” he started to say, but Steve interrupted him by taking his hand, pulling him into the room.
Tony had caught him by surprise and of course he could have easily withstood him, but Steve couldn’t help admire his strength. Sometimes he just forgot how strong Tony actually was. Mostly because of his smaller frame and because compared to Steve every human was rather weak. But what strength he might lack he made up for in keenness. Which was pretty hot, actually.
Tony threw his jacket on a chair in passing before he came to stand in front of his bed. Steve was right behind him, pressing himself against Tony’s back, kissing his nape and neck until he found a spot right behind Tony’s ear that made him shiver. He was about to continue his path when Tony turned around, stopping him by meeting his lips with his own. He pushed and pulled at Steve’s clothes, trying to shove aside his jacket. Steve shrugged it off, before putting his arms around Tony, pulling him in tight. Their tongues swirled around each other, licking against their lips, Steve only breaking the kiss with a moan when Tony bit his bottom lip. Tony unhooked Steve’s bow tie, it had served him well enough, pulling it off, before he started to unbutton his dress shirt. Steve let him undress him while he kissed his neck. When Tony was done, he shoved the shirt off of Steve’s shoulders and briefly kissed him, before his hands roamed over Steve’s sides and abdomen until they reached his fly. Tony broke the kiss to look him in the eye, asking for permission. Steve nodded slightly while he raised his hands, slowly unbuttoning Tony’s shirt.
Absently, Tony just nodded, unable to say anything while he was the center of Steve’s attention like this. He really tried to ignore the warm fuzzy feeling inside his chest, but the way Steve was looking at him with those big blue eyes that always showed so many emotions and knowing that he really meant what he had said, didn’t really help.
“Tony, it’s not what you’re thinking,” Steve sounded almost pleading. And this was the moment Tony should probably have felt less sure about this whole thing. But somehow he didn’t. He had read Natasha’s message and if there wasn’t another Tony both of them knew it had been pretty clear. He wouldn’t back out until Steve precisely told him that he didn’t want him.
Tony hummed and after a brief pause he added, “you know what always helps with a good night's sleep? Orgasms.”
Natasha laughed and got up in time with Tony to pull him into a hug. “You do that. Good luck, Tony.” And then he was out of the door, practically running back home.
His hand never left Steve’s back until his pot was filled with coffee and he went back to the workshop. When he’d come up, he couldn’t wait to get some caffeine, but now, after having to let go of Steve, he wished that the coffee machine would’ve taken longer. Or that he could have this thing with Steve for real. Not only as long as they pretended there was something that actually, unfortunately, wasn’t there. At least on Steve’s part. Right now this whole idea appeared to be pretty idiotic, but he wouldn’t be Tony Stark if he didn’t come up with stupid ideas, right?
When he turned away from the bar he was greeted with yet another smile from Steve. Was he ever not smiling? Tony took his glass and clinked it with Steve’s, also offering him a smile. “Cheers!”
But when he had taken his seat in front of him and Steve had finally calmed enough to be able to look up again, he couldn’t help but think that he was handsome at least.
It was Natasha’s turn to roll her eyes this time. “With whom did you have something that you could have broken off?”
Tony groaned and going by the doubtful look on Steve’s face he thought exactly what Tony was thinking. So he made a decision.
While Tony grabbed a few towels, Steve started undressing. He had peeled out of the top of his uniform and his tight shirt followed to the floor only seconds later. All Tony could do was stop and watch him taking off his clothes, too engrossed in the view to do anything else. A shiver ran down his spine, but it had nothing to do with him being cold. Even with the thin smart shirt he always wore under his armour he felt rather hot than anything else.
“Hey babe, sorry I’m late,” Tony greeted Steve as soon as he stepped out of the elevator. He was sitting on the counter, already waiting for Tony. He rarely left the penthouse these days and it’s been weeks since he last spent a night at his own quarter. After they had started dating a few months back, Tony slowly but surely made sure that Steve made himself at home in his flat. He liked waking up next to him, coming back from conferences to find him waiting for him or Steve coming down to the workshop to keep him company. Tony just liked having him around as often as possible. The transition wasn’t too easy at first, it took Tony some time to accept that he had actual feelings for someone. He had been quite confused by the desire to be with Steve all the time, especially when he discovered how nice being domestic with someone could be. But they had worked through it, because what they had was serious. Both of them were sure of it, even though it was still relatively new. In spite of that they still tried to work on their communication, let alone saying
Seeing him from distance Steve had thought he was good looking with his blond hair and tall, well-toned body, that was vaguely perceptive through his rather casual wear.
Tony stared at him for a few seconds. Did this really happen? At first he found out that Steve might be kinda into him, then he got to kiss him and now he was really telling him that he had real feelings for him? He had definitely not expected the evening to go
“You sneaky..,” Tony stopped at the look Steve gave him. No swearing then. Tony made a mental note to keep a list of how often he would be told ‘language’.
“Uhm, Sir..” Steve jumped at JARVIS’s voice, Tony just groaned. He was too used to JARVIS interrupting him on a daily basis. Even though it never seemed like as bad a timing as right now. “What is it?” He didn’t even try to hide his annoyance. Not that JARVIS would care.
"You're always so lost in the past! This is why we can't be friends! And this why you deserved what happened in your lab!" Clint spoke loudly, close to  yelling.
Nobody knew what was really going on inside of Tony. I mean, he's had 40 years of experience with his "paparazzi face" and acting to the public.
With no other place to stay, Steve and his crew came back to live at Tony's tower. It was a hard decision to let the man who murdered his parents and the people who betrayed him live with him, but he agreed out of loneliness. And as expected, things were never the same from there.
As he made his way out of his lab to the kitchen, he noticed it was unusually quiet in the tower. Not that he minded though.
After a few hours of training, Clint ended up hiking through the nearby park with Stark, talking about his family and kids, as they sat down on a cozy bench.
"Fine Jarvis, but don't ask me again, or I will sell you to some college." Tony stated, trudging slowly out of his lab.
Especially when you're forced to be an assassin for so long, not knowing who you are and your whereabouts.
"Tony!" Stark interrupted. "You-you used to call me Tony, and honestly I prefer it..." he sputtered.
The crash, the desert. The huge wave of stress and anxiety. He was only able to save himself with a car battery and a lousy metal suit.
Rolling her eyes, Natasha turned around from her chair, placed her wine glass down, and stared at him blankly. She was pissed off and tired already, and didn’t need any more of Stark’s “sass”.
Every now and then, some flashbacks would come up, causing her to break down and cry, similar to Stark.
But deep down, something was slowly consuming him. Feelings of losing self worth, depression, and anxiety began to overcome him, as he sank into a hole he could never escape from.
He has officially just broken his record of not eating or sleeping, for 5 whole days. He didn't seem to notice though, being too focused on making his machines work.
She also cringed as she realized she was watching The Office in front of Stark, after telling him she had finished it.
"IT'S TONY GODDAMNIT!" Stark nearly screamed, before slowly slumping back down on the bench. He sighed and clutched his forehead in silence.
After about maybe 4 or 5 episodes, Natasha turned the T.V off, due to being extremely uncomfortable and guilty. Those two did not make a good match.
Natasha and Clint immediately wiped off their grins as they saw Stark fall to the ground gasping for air.
"What the fuck are you talking about? What even is the point of this conversation!" Natasha uttered, with a breathless, emotionless laugh
Luckily, Dr. Helen Cho was near when the incident happened, helping Stark up and stopping the bleeding with her cloth.
"I mean, you did have a traumatizing Russia experience." Tony finally blurted out, trying to get out of the mess he just made.
Clint was done with Tony's shit, and couldn't deal with the man any more. Stark could deal with his own shit, but Clint wasn't going to be a part of it, so he got up and began to walk away.
She then heard small and quiet footsteps from behind her, interrupting her calm state and putting her in panic.
Tony sighed. "Yeah, you used to call me that all the time, when I was your friend, until the winter soldier stuff.." His voice drifted from loud to soft while speaking.
She hadn't bothered to check on Stark, or that huge gash on his forehead from the glass. Instead she laid in her room, overcome by guilt, trying to decide whether to apologize or not.
"I—Clint, uh...I completed my final suit upgrade, and just wanna spend some time outside." Tony mumbled while fidgeting with his fingers.
"I-I try not to blame him, but whenever I see him I think of my parents.." Tony said softly, clutching his head.
Not only was it Stark's bickering and constant teasing, but his personality as well. He hated that "playboy billionaire I'm-better-than-you" voice that he always talked with.
It was only a movie, coincidentally his favorite, Saving Private Ryan. As he  crept into the room, he saw all the avengers curled up together on the couch.
Clint stared at Tony with a perplexed look. I mean, it was Stark asking, but he didn't have it in him to decline, especially after what he'd done to him the previous night.
He tried tapping his foot lightly to get someone to notice him, but nobody seemed to hear. He then tried it a little louder, yet still nobody heard.
"He didn't kill your parents, Tony! Hydra did!" Can you not blame someone else for all of your problems?" Clint spat in disgust.
Tired and embarrassed, Natasha finally stood up from the couch. "Things are different now. We can't mess around and get distracted like this. Nothings how it used to be." she choked out, quickly walking away from Stark.
After their breakup, Pepper was never as close to Tony as she used to be. They remained friends, but hardly talked at all with the exception of work purposes.
And then he nodded, softly at first, and then more enthusiastically as he struggled to find the words,
Whether he really ‘should’ feel more clear-headed than this, standing in ninety-degree heat on an alien planet after about three hours sleep… whilst wearing a chandelier. If that subtle dizziness only felt significant because he was thinking about it… If the heat and the sleep deprivation and general irritation with his situation
“No - as a matter of fact, that’s what tipped you off that they were up to something,” Steve remembered with a proud smile. “Because there was no reason
” She all but hissed. “That’s not one of ours – they brought that with them, and they’re especially interested in adapting it, and how it interacts with things. Maribelle makes drinks with it.”
a baseball game to play for me, and picked one from the wrong year. I don’t know how professional an organisation this is, but a school kid tasked with that one would’ve known to go for something from the year of 1946, now wouldn’t they?”
Somewhere in his irritable philosophising and unanswered questions, it occurred to Steve that all of the people meeting up that afternoon would have different concepts of time. Different experiences of time. Different realities.
, whether it’s his fault or not. And I apologised for all of that, and came to help you anyway – and then when Zemo started rolling that tape, you just stood there, and let me watch it, and never even said ‘are you okay’. You gave me the same ‘I could do this all day’ line as you gave any other bully, and you rammed a shield into my heart, and you left me there. And
“Er, well, this last time it just seized up,” Bucky answered, awkwardly lifting his arm so that Tony could look it over. “And then there was a sort of, electric shock feeling, up along my back…”
By the time Tony was forced to break away they were both panting. Steve’s pupils were blown wide, his lips dark and swollen, his skin glowing with exertion.
Instead he let his focus sharpen into a sort of tunnel vision, until all he could see was his target, and all he was thinking about was getting rid of that damn stone…
just wanted to be able to do the right thing, and – you know when you’re a kid, and all the comics and TV shows and
tired. That there was still a dull ache in the small of his back, and the beginnings of a headache behind his eyes… And then he felt that little twinge in his stomach.
None of those anxieties had gone away. If anything, this place should have made every one of those issues worse – not to mention all the additional fears that should’ve kept him awake. It made literally no sense for him to have slept as well or as deeply as he had.
to jump in with a self-depreciating observation, or a deflection about duty, or the contributions of others.
him being a vampire. That had always been a given, a fact. And while the rest of his lonely, claustrophobic existence had been thrust upon him, his hatred of vampire fetishists was all his own. He
“Hm,” Tony mused, pausing to think for a second. “Okay, you know what, just… just wait there a minute…”
focused on the immediate plan was what had gotten them stranded in this hell-hole in the first place. That maybe, ‘managing’ to avoid the wider issues had been a very bad idea…
He didn’t even wait for them to respond before he was strolling past them, his arms already bracing for conflict as he reached out and grabbed the door handle
Was he just refusing to think about all these twisted, bitter feelings because he didn’t want to? Because it would be confusing, and frightening, and because he didn’t
“I’m saying that maybe you need to think about where all of this is really coming from,” Sam suggested-
And he threw the shirt aside, and manoeuvred Steve’s wrists into the cuffs again, so easily – Steve lying his arms out and flattening his hands and doing everything he could to comply with this… willing…
And with that revelation came the raft of memories and fantasies that had stirred just below the surface for days.
Steve’s chest was heaving again, his skin awake and tingling, all of his muscles beginning to tense towards this growing sensation. His cock started to ache, already leaking steadily against his stomach, twitching every time Tony moved.
to happen to him - that he was doomed to keep ending up in this same place, no matter what route he tried to take around it.
He snatched it up on the way out of the door, fitting it to his arm as he was walking up the stairs. It had only just settled into place as he strode confidently into the kitchen again.
He cast a glance around the vast, non-descript storage unit, making sure to keep his gaze bored and unfocused - not that there was anyone paying attention to him. The only other security guard was Gary, an older guy that Steve had bumped into on the occasional night shift, and who he’d already thoroughly profiled. Slightly overweight and permanently sweaty, Gary had obviously been a little selective with what he put on the medical form; it seemed unlikely that he would’ve been hired by any of the departments that bothered looking into these things.
Steve felt a cold sensation press down over his skin, as his fears for Tony once again stole the spotlight from his thoughts about himself.
Except that his eyes happened to catch on one of the items on his desk - a scrap of paper, yellowed with age, that had been hidden in the middle of one of the unsteady piles of correspondence, until Tony’s sudden movement sent it sliding into view…
But instead he pushed Tony a little further from him, so that he could unfasten Tony’s belt and unzip his fly. Tony’s attention was immediately grabbed by this new idea, his fanatic attempts to get at Steve completely abandoned as he refocussed on just getting out of his clothes. Awkwardly, and roughly, and with Tony doing what little he could to help, Steve managed to push Tony’s pants and underwear down over his legs – enough for Tony to violently kick his way free of them. And then he went to finish undoing his own jeans, and felt Tony curl his fists into the material at his hips, and just force them down over his thighs – almost certainly tearing something.
That he had just overcome a massive personal barrier, and done something he’d been terrified of for nearly two decades…
That he’d have liked to talk to him about so many things, over the years… That he’d have been interested, that he’d have enjoyed the company…
sorry for that, Steve. So sorry. And I’m sorry I didn’t say it earlier. I’m sorry I didn’t call and say it, I’m sorry I didn’t say it at any point in the last six months – I’m sorry I thought I didn’t have to say that, just cos I was mad at you, when they were always different things. I’m sorry for…
But he remembered well enough – it was nano tech. Just hold it up to any port and it will adapt to fit.
Tony knew that if he tried to talk to Steve calmly, and kindly, and if he led in with all those reassurances that he wasn’t mad, and Steve had done nothing wrong…
By this time Tony had weaved his way over to Steve, Sam and Nat. He stumbled to a breathless stop in front of them, his whole face lit up with a dazzling grin, throwing his arms open in a theatrical gesture of surrender as he panted,
on some… common goal… or else it’s a trade-off.” He suggested. “The Varians are letting the humans use their weapons and slave labour… and getting something else in return?”
answer, and dismissing any idea that even potentially had problems, and rewriting realities to fit a simple ideology… Maybe Tony had just figured out that this was inherently messy.
just a good thing… and I think I’ll eventually feel good about it...I mean, it’s not like I ever liked being mad at Steve…”
Tony felt his ribs loosen as he looked at them. As strange and extraordinary as all of that was, it was so much better to have it laid out in front of him like this.
two people had a chance of making a happy life out of all the complexities of two distinct human experiences – at least they were starting out honest, and open, and equally willing to try.
Maybe the specific events he’d chosen to apologise for weren’t the best examples of what he was getting at – but, on each occasion, he’d been getting at something legitimate.
It didn’t put him off of talking to her though, because she was just too perfect a companion for this exact moment. Her constant, inebriated chatter was an impenetrable buffer to any interaction with Steve. Her total lack of inhibitions meant Tony could ask her for all sorts of information, without her even wondering why.
arguing in his head – about what was right, and what really mattered, and what he owed, and what he should do – were all finally speaking in one harmonised chorus.
It was like being yanked clean out of reality. Like pulling a parachute. There was a surge of oxygen, clean and crisp and sweet tasting, rushing straight to his head. His vision blurred; his body fell away from him. Suddenly, Steve was just
And then he felt Steve’s hands curl around his waist, gripping Tony firm as he moved lower, his kisses becoming rougher as he reached the soft skin on Tony’s stomach.
But Steve could swear he’d seen the tiniest little smile, before Tony gathered himself for the big finish.
come up. Tony wasn’t mad about The Accords. Their political difference of opinion didn’t underpin everything that had happened… or everything they’d built, last night… So, maybe Steve really
Tony giggled then – mainly at the genuine, conversational way Steve had said it. The fact that it wasn’t how he was expecting him to finish the sentence.
Above him, a scattering of stars shone bright enough to sparkle through even the vibrant light of the palace.
And Steve surrendered to it so passionately - enthusiastically giving as much of himself as he could.
anxious or unsure around Steve now. When he thought back to the conversation they’d had last week – a conversation that
if he was going to create an issue with one of the most powerful people in the world or walk away from this intuition - so he skipped straight to the risk assessment.
Steve gasped sharply, breaking the kiss. Tony lent back just enough to pant for air, and before Steve could follow that instinct to grab him again, his eyes caught on Tony’s lips… Those beautiful, full lips, that Steve had daydreamed about so many times…
So, he handed Tony his empty glass… finding that he had to put more thought into it than he usually would… and took Tony’s drink in exchange. Then Steve gave his head a little shake, and told himself to pay attention.
complicated.” Tony sighed, eventually. “You can’t really say you’re for or against regulation as a concept. You can’t
room?” He offered instead. And Tony’s eyes widened, and lit up, a lascivious little smile tugging at the corners of his mouth- “God you’re beautiful” Steve whispered, kissing him again before he could answer – a little messier, because now Tony was giggling. “And I
In the same tone that a mother-in-law might use, when she dared to mention that she was thinking of turning her spare room into a nursery…
. Because it was so nice to hear Tony talk about himself in this way, to think that Tony now saw himself as separate from monsters like Obadiah Stane.
loved as much as any friend he’d ever had, Tony had been too focused on maintaining their new structure to really get lost in the promise of it. And with everyone other than Pepper… Well, every relationship he’d ever had besides Pepper had been an unmitigated disaster.
. And I don’t want to tell Steve that his friend is fucked. And, all together, I really wish there was literally anyone else who could do something about this.”
His hand was already reaching into his pocket, acting on the obvious impulse to call Steve before he did anything else…
“I know that to everyone else it’s been like, seventy years – but, for you, it’s been, what, three years since you met Erskine?” Bucky asked, hypothetically. “And, in that time, you’ve been through a life changing medical experiment, you’ve been to war, you’ve had a near death experience – well, more than one. You’ve lost everyone you ever knew, you’ve woken up in a weird, alien world – and then found out that
A realisation that he could never have shared a moment like that with Tony – and therefore, he could never have had this moment at all – just a week ago.
And yes, there were alarm bells. A thousand incoherent questions about what the hell he was doing and where this could possibly go and all the reasons that he would regret this in the morning-
“Okay, so, from the looks of this – this is mostly stuff the Adam’s have recorded, from what the ‘Mallamens’ have told them… So, I think that’s Zan’s family name… So, maybe this is all lies –
Whatever it was, Stape knew he should feel ashamed of it. Just not enough to do the right thing, apparently.
“...Maybe someone should,” Rhodey suggested thoughtfully. And then, when everyone turned to look at him, he added, “go to the flower show, I mean. Since the drugs seem to be the main issue here - or, more to the point, the fact that they keep
“This is not what I meant by staying in the moment, by the way,” Tony murmured, just to fill the gap while he waited for the files to load.
However much you hoped, however hard you tried to make the good outcome work - you had to prepare for the bad.
Tony’s body change. The way his muscles rolled under his skin as that power coiled in him, the slow and measured way he tensed his shoulders – like a tiger preparing to pounce. The way his eyes darkened and widened into pools of deep, liquid black. The way his lips grew heavier as he parted them.
“No, Steve - I love you,” Tony insisted - at which point Steve was cut short by a startled little gasping noise.
Tony thrust into him again, harder now, his fingertips pressing more firmly into Steve’s skin. Steve felt his cock throb hard again, like it was simply stretching into the experience, just another part of his body completely flooded by the pleasure of this… Still not aching towards a release of his own.
And Steve was still delighted that Tony had said yes, and Steve had spent a lot longer thinking about
There was an almost imperceptible intake of breath as Natasha’s eyes snapped open, her body barely moving - the way a cat wakes up.
less ready to help me than that? Couldn’t we just be the people that think this is a good idea, not me and everyone always willing to… God, this sounds… And they
The first thing that Steve saw when he started scanning those files were rows and rows of medical readings, familiar looking graphs, and anatomical terms he recognised.
Partly, it was just that he loved Tony Stark. Just that. The joy and thrill of being in love, the simple feeling of looking forward to something…
. That was the part he’d perfected, the bit he’d intended to base the rest of his work on, before his attention had been so completely dragged away…
And then he saw Steve’s jaw tighten just slightly, his dreamy smile drawing into a pout as the tension began to crawl back into his muscles-
Steve frowned at himself, unimpressed. Immediately, he warned himself not to go looking for excuses. He already knew that he
- so fucking hot, fuck, you are everything, everything I ever wanted, more than that, more than perfect -
And he thought, briefly, about what Steve would be thinking and how he might react and what he might say – the necessary starting point for any plan.
Instead of which, he found himself noting the way casual Tony had slipped that into the conversation…
was him making a point. Whether he’d meant that as a dig at Steve, to highlight just how bad his apologies were, and make clear that Tony agreed – Steve’s letter
say something about all the other men who went to war, how he’d had no right to do any less than them, how lucky he’d felt to be chosen for Project Rebirth-
He realised that he’d fallen into something – whether it was the drugs, or an emotional breakdown, or some hybrid of the two – that his thoughts had literally just this moment broken down on him, leaving him with this overwhelming wordless
Tony went ahead – leading the way while Steve gently encouraged her to follow, a constant presence at her back as they made their way out of the room. Then, as they reached the end of the corridor, Tony subtly hung back. Steve waited until they’d managed to get Maribelle cornered, both of them blocking her in at the end of the hall, before he spoke again.
That he was allowed to like the idea of ceding control, or relinquishing responsibility, even such taboo thoughts as accepting kindness and praise - that there wasn’t any one way that it had to look.
Tony’s hand stroked lower, his fingers curling around Steve’s cock. Steve throbbed hard again under his palm, like he was simply stretching into this feeling, a wonderful ache spreading through the small of his back.
“We have a three-part Showcase planned,” he explained, hurriedly. “Themed around the opposite forces that are at work within the Avengers - the light and the dark,” he gestured - pointedly - between Steve and Tony, and repeated the movement as he continued, “the chaos and order, the reckless genius and the consistent goodness.”
Steve didn’t recognise that he was following that feeling, going through motions that should’ve still seemed foreign to him, but didn’t-
It felt a lot like being an infatuated teenager, whose heart-felt crush – the guy who didn’t even know he existed – has just
And, with no time to plan a better response, Tony had to go with whatever Fury would find least suspicious.
“Why don’t you ask Fury about it?” He suggested, before he strolled right past Clint and out of the door.
wasn’t thinking of containing the situation, or helping the injured man on the floor - it was only because he wanted to comfort Steve.
There had been thoughts. He knew that. Oddly distant, surprisingly unemotional thoughts… observations that occurred to him, simply and entirely at random.
“I have no doubt that they’re still trying to make a weapon with it,” Steve nodded. “So, you’re right, they must have some other reason to ask you…”
And he managed to retain some sort of composure, as he watched them walk to the elevator. He returned Steve’s little nod of acknowledgement, just before the doors closed behind them. And then suddenly Tony found himself standing in the middle of this suffocating silence, feeling out of place in his own workshop. He didn’t know if he couldn’t believe they’d gone, or if he couldn’t believe they’d ever been here - but something about the situation wasn’t quite fitting in his head. He certainly wasn’t ‘fine’.
Steve honestly felt as though he’d just stepped out of his body. Like some part of him knew, when he processed this, he wasn’t going to be able to deal with it. He suddenly felt lightheaded. He wasn’t completely confident of the floor beneath his feet.
And Steve only asked because he knew what Tony’s answer would be - because he was impatient to hear it.
the exhaustion catching up to Tony, now that his task was out of the way. He watched as Tony’s eyes fell shut again, his lips softening into a pout as the tension drained out of his limbs...
And then Tony gathered the fabric at the centre of Steve’s chest into a fist, and ripped the front of his shirt away in one clean, swift motion-
Unfortunately, this didn’t seem like the best place to start paying attention. The Folk Dancing event was, obviously, right at the outskirts of the festival, far outside the heart of the city centre. Now, they were standing on glossy grass, surrounded by stalls and tents and people lounging on blankets, rather than tall glass buildings and light displays. The roll of the ground and the clutches of lush green trees had obscured the shorter buildings from view, reducing the imposing Bulsara skyline to an artistic backdrop. It reminded Tony of being in Central Park... feeling close to and separate from the city, all at once.
He couldn’t believe he’d fallen into such an unscripted, unhinged rant – in front of the guy he had a crush on.
“What’cha looking at?” Nat asked him, her voice almost slurring at the edges. And, of course, Steve hadn’t really been looking at anything… But he still sought to answer the question, mindlessly glancing up at the sign in front of the nearest stall.
This wasn’t even the queasy feeling that occasionally got the better of him, when he tried to think of the influence that
actually.  It felt exactly like getting the giggles in the middle of a perfectly mundane task… Except he’d forgotten all about the task, he had no concept of what they were doing or where they were or what came after laughing like this…
. That was it. That was about all Tony knew about Steve, the only reason he could possibly want to keep Steve around… and wasn’t that sad? That Tony was already prepared to upend his whole life and lie to his actual girlfriend for some pretty stranger who’d flattered him? Wasn’t that the exact tactic scammers used on lonely widows and insecure middle-aged men? Was Tony really this desperate for any sort of validation-
“Did you find anything out?” He asked instead. His coping mechanism of choice. Focus on the mission, the fight he could be sure about, the role he knew how to play in any circumstances… It wasn’t the comfort it once was. It was a routine that had become more and more difficult, more cumbersome, as the years had gone on, like a pair of shoes he’d outgrown or an old car that had been run into the ground… This used to work, it used to fit… and he couldn’t say what day exactly he’d lost hold of even this, but he knew now. It wasn’t that simple, really. He couldn’t
Mindlessly, Tony clawed at Steve’s shirt, wanting to be closer - wanting to feel every inch of him. He heard the little hum of comprehension; he
The hallway he chose was long, and wide. He vaguely remembered that some of the corridors ran past large lounges and soft rooms, so he was faintly encouraged to find a row of what looked like office doors. More likely to find a computer in an office than a sex lounge, he reasoned.
“What time is it?” Bucky asked, rubbing his face. Steve scanned the room again in search of a clock, and eventually shrugged,
to have found something else to focus on. “I think I copied all of them. I’ll load them up, see what they say.” As he was speaking, he was already walking over to one of the bags he’d thrown into the corner of the living room, and then fishing his little file reader out of a concealed pocket.
“Sorry, that’s hot,” he muttered, gesturing to the surface Steve was about to lean on. And Steve didn’t even turn to look at it – he just kept looking at Tony, his eyes full of questions… alive with excitement.
beautiful,” Steve murmured close, his hands stroking firmly over Tony’s ribs. Tony could feel the excitement still coiled in Steve’s muscles.
Steve, to everyone who’d ever judged him ever. It wasn’t so much that it wasn’t about Steve, it was just that it was about
Both Tony and Steve had been careful to give Bucky time to himself - and Bucky was grateful for that. As comfortable as he felt around them, and as glad as he was that they were both here, there was still a lot that he preferred to unpack on his own. Sometimes there was too much noise and conflict in his head for him to think about sharing his thoughts with anyone, times when he needed space to react to it… Times when he wanted stillness and quiet.
He thought about how much he wanted to help Tony. Steve ran through all those agonies and injustices that he now felt as his own, all the challenges he had to meet for Tony, all the things he couldn’t possibly know and all the ways he could potentially make it worse.
beautiful, and you deserve as much as any person that has ever lived. And, you know what, there aren’t many people that deserve me…”
Tony - looking overtired, and wearing a mass-produced promotional T-Shirt from a bar in LA… and possibly covered in glitter.
So, his face still wet with tears, and his chest still trembling, Steve made himself look right at Tony.
“I don’t know, you’ve got this real gift for making self-destructive, dumb stuff sound like a good idea,” Rhodey sighed, affectionately.
1) The Accords are gently referenced again here, mainly as part of wider enlightenments people are having - but there's no real discussion in this update
he was wrong. And that’s gotta be better than having to keep telling yourself he was? And… maybe, as well as all the stuff you’d know you were right about… Maybe there
Or, even better – maybe it really wouldn’t be the end of the world if and when he did. Thinking back to last night… Maybe they really could
, when I tried to think of a time… and it was a stupid example. It was always a stupid example, and I’m sorry-”
“I just want to walk away from this mess, that’s all I want. This mess that I didn’t even make, that I got dragged into, just to
A feral scream lodged itself in Steve’s throat, his jaw shaking with the effort of containing it. His vision faded; his hearing drowned out by the beating of his heart. His cock throbbed, a tight pain pulsing in his balls, his mind a constant, panicked siren,
“So, how are you acclimating to this brave new world?” Pierce asked him, softening his tone slightly.
Fragments of Tony’s outburst kept replaying in his head. Little observations and recollections kept leaping in, out of nowhere. And he did try to think over the top of them, at least at the beginning – but it was like trying to ignore a knife in his heart. It was hard to
“Make sure we collect all the evidence, cut the chemical warfare, call the Avengers in to help shut this place down properly.” Steve ran his checklist out loud. He felt sure the plan was longer than that, originally… but that seemed like the gist. So.
with two decades aerial combat experience and a Masters in Aerospace Engineering from MIT,” Steve corrected him. “If I tried to do any of what
Steve didn’t have any concerns about the things they did for one another or the way it fit into everything else they were… It was just everything his relationship with Bucky
…There was every possibility that Steve would eventually turn him into a Danielle Steel fan, and that should probably be considered a worrying symptom of this whole thing in and of itself.
And of course, she lied. She never finished it, and never even thought about watching it with Clint. It was only to get out of Stark's stupid pointless discussion.
"D-Did you ever continue The Office? Remember we used to watch it every night, usually one or two episodes and we stopped at season 4, but then—"
Natasha slightly giggled at his joke. She missed watching The Office with him, and always admired his corny jokes. But she didn't want to admit it. Ever.
There was a full moon in the sky, and it reflected brightly through the living room glass, all the way onto the T.V .Natasha sat with the remote in her hand, eating popcorn, while watching season 4 of The Office.
"Wanna know why I stopped calling you Tony? Because you're not my friend, Stark, you never were. You're just a bickering little shit making everybody's life worse."
"Ok...Tony." Clint cringed. It sounded so weird calling him that, he hadn't said his first name in a long time.
