"Don't worry," Wanda whispered to him, her lips in a small smile. "On my first day here, I banged my head right up against a pole. To this day I think it left a mark.."
Automatically sprinting off his bed and into the bathroom, he turned on the sink’s faucet. Grabbing his toothbrush he brushed his teeth sloppily before combing his hair so it didn’t look too astray.
See, once the young superhero settled down from his sobs, switching for a few sniffs and 'sorry's here and there, Wade decided it would be a good idea to forget about the current situation, even for just a second, and switch on something that would make him, Peter, happy.
Sighing, Peter ran a hand through his hair. The two stopped in front of another store, one that looked to be pretty busy. Looking up, the sign in white cursive read;
"I'm sure he's thought about that," Thor spoke with great sadness. Everyone's heads turned towards the Norse god.
Eyebrows knitting, he unlocked the device and went straight to the text messages. The first one he saw was from Ned.
Closing the door behind her, the assassin walked over towards the punching bag and let loose all her pent up anger. After what seemed like hours of punching, kicking, and shouting, Nat collapsed to the floor out of breath. Laying down on the cool mat, she looked up at the reflective ceiling. Her auburn hair was sprawled out around her, her chest was heaving up and down.
Softly laying him down in the backseat, the young teen grunted in pain, though he was still unconscious. Closing the doors, on both sides, the two superheroes leaped into the front, and drove off to the Tower.
find out about you being beaten up, which you need to explain, by the way, but he won't find out about your secret -- not yet, that is. But," she sighed, a piece of her auburn hair falling in her face, "You do have to tell him soon. It's the best way. He won't get upset or disgusted with you," she reassured, answering the thought that was buzzing around in Peter's mind. "And if he is," her eyes darken, "then he is no longer someone I consider family."
Anyways, like I've said copious times, thank you so much for reading, and I hope to see you again in the next chapter! Xx
care about you, no matter what people may say or think. You are my number one, even if father says that you shouldn't be. You are my top priority, and you always have."
The two sat in silence for a moment before Peter sighed and nodded his head. "Fine... I'll go with you."
Though Peter Parker was the first to find out about the death of Michelle Jones, Ned Leeds found out just as fast.
“Ah, that’s right, you’ve lived with your aunt all your life, since your parents..” Tony trailed off as well, feeling the all familiar grief rush over him.
The elevator dinged as the young boy took a step out of the lift, coming face to face with the people who vowed that they cared about him. They all froze.
"You-- why didn't..." Peter closed his eyes. "For how long?" Silence flooded the room. "For how long?" he repeated.
This time, Death spoke up. "Right now, we are between worlds. There are three different paths you can choose. You can choose to go back to Midgard, or, you can travel towards either Valhalla or Helheim." Peter's eyebrows scrunched together. This time, Hel sighed louder.
Standing in front of the mirror, he turned to the side to see if there were any bulges -- which there weren't. Nodding to himself, he ran a hand through his hair and walked towards the bedroom once more, leaving his binder behind.
"Dinner has to be ready by noon," the voice sounded from the door once more. Peter sighed, throwing on a random graphic t that was sprawled across the floor. Running a hand through his hair, Peter Parker walked over and opened the door, revealing a, slightly, disheveled Natasha Romanoff. "Wanda's already in the kitchen waiting for us," she answered the unsaid question.
"Brother... Why haven't you told me this?" Loki spoke in a whisper, her heart aching as tears glistened in her eyes. But she wouldn't let them fall. Not in front of all these people.
Parker clenched his jaw as he pushed by people on the sidewalk, faffing around as they continuously talked to their neighbouring partner about trivial things. They took no notice of the boy who was slowly breaking inside (and nearly outside as well), marching his way towards a tower of superheroes.
"If we can find them before Peter does, we can be damn sure that we will get our spider back." Natasha nodded.
"What if I want to go back to Ear -- Midgard?" Peter asked, looking up with a confused face. "Why do I have a choice?"
Peter felt numb. He hasn't ate, showered, or barely even slept. He could feel that his depression was coming back up on him again, but he just didn't want to admit it. Swallowing, the young teenager winced as his throat was dry. Placing the pillow that was on his stomach to the side, the brown haired boy walked towards his bedroom desk. Upon the desk was some food and water. Peter told Wanda and Natasha to stop bringing in food and such, he knew he wasn't going to eat it, but still, they refused to and traded the food out for every meal of the day; breakfast, lunch, dinner, midnight snack.
"I agree with MJ. He's a dick and is just looking for attention. Besides, we both know you can kick his ass any day."
Instantly, the screen flashed towards a news reporter standing in the middle of the streets in the freezing cold of December. Peter bit his tongue as he noticed where she was standing.
"That would be appreciated," they smiled. Nodding her head, Natasha looked back at the computer screen.
Eyes widen once more, as Bruce Banner walked into the room, earning a small ‘eap!’ from the teenage boy. Tony laughed loudly as Steve had an amused look placed upon his face.
Ned thought. His mouth opened to speak those words, but closed them last second to save Parker's secret. "Dunno, just thought it would be nice to be up to date, I guess..?" The woman just shook her head once more before turning back towards the stovetop.
"If you didn't want to draw attention to your conversation, you shouldn't have clamped his mouth shut. Now people are looking, idiot." she spoke, her voiced laced with heavy sarcasm. Looking around, still wide eyed, Spider-Man did realized that a few confused people were staring at them weirdly. Instantly removing his hand, Peter stuffed the both of them into his hoodie pocket. "Weirdo."
"Morning, Peter." Steve greeted as the young Spider walked into the kitchen. Rogers was seated at the kitchen table. A bowl of cereal was on the place mat in front of him.
"What does he have to do with anything?" Clint rose an eyebrow. The red-haired assassin nudged him in the stomach.
Facing the wall in front of him, he placed his hand on one of the countless tiles, his head coming to rest right beside of it. From there, he simply closed his eyes and began to think back at all the things that have happened over the course of his miserable life.
"No, no, no! LET ME GO!" he cried, tears splashing onto the marble floors. Tony's heart ached. "Please-- please, just let me go!" he begged, as he tried, again and again, to run towards May. But Stark didn't let him go.
Sighing, the man stretched his back. "I'm sure it's the same for you guys, but I'm not stopping until I find Peter. I'm just hoping that when we find him, he won't be in a body bag."
The prince smiled softly. "I am. Though today is one of my male days, I can feel that a feminine day is approaching, however."
Banner zoned out slightly at the conversation, focusing on dealing with his patient. "Nat," he suddenly called. Snapping her back towards Banner, she raised an eyebrow. "I-I can't get this binder off without hurting him even more. It's, like, three sizes too small. If I even tried it would put him in even
Unfolding it, the male placed the quite large list onto the table. All three Avengers hovered over it. "This is the list of what we're making, fairly large, but we have a lot of people eating." Peter spoke aloud, looking between his right and left. The two girls nodded, agreeing. "Thor is in Asgard at the moment, so we don't need to worry about him for now, the same with Loki. Meanwhile Steve, Tony, Bruce, Sam, and Clint are out of the tower; and Vision is off somewhere in said tower. Aunt May and Wade isn't coming until later. This gives us about a couple of hours to finish cooking, set the table, and prepare for the chaos." Natasha raised an eyebrow while Wanda grinned.
Sometimes Wade wondered who was the smarter one out of the two. Tilting his head, Wade thoughts momentarily.
"Oh Spidey!!" an all too familiar voice hollered making Peter groan loudly. "Oh, do that again, makes me all tingly inside." the owner of the voice smiled, sitting down next to Parker.
"Watch your language, young man." Stark scolded playfully, pointing a teasing finger at the Captain. Steve chuckled under his breath, shaking his head with a sigh.
Reluctantly, Peter Parker followed Wade Wilson to where ever the hell they were going. Upon stopping in front of a wooden apartment door, Wade smiled sheepishly under his masked and turned around to face the young superhero. "It's a bit messy but," he spoke as he turned back around and opened the door to a random apartment. "Welcome, Spidey, to my bungalow." he spoke happily. Spider-Man looked around the small flat, a feeling of warmth and homeyness filled his heart. Although it was a little messy, enchilada wrappers littering the floor, as well with newspapers and random sticky notes. But despite the rubbish, Parker couldn't have been more grateful. As Parker stepped in, Wade closed the door behind him and cleared the couch to where the younger boy could sit comfortably -- though Wade swears the couch is broken, seeing he could never get comfortable on it. "Wait right here," Deadpool ordered before disappearing out of sight behind another white, wooden door. Upon reappearing, Wade held in his hands a pair of sweatpants and a baggy tshirt that had 'whatever sprinkles your doughnuts' in fade black writing. "Here," Wade offered, rubbing the back of his neck with his right hand. "You probably aren't comfortable with your suit on, so I thought I could lean you some clothes." Deadpool offered sincerely before adding a quite 'Shut up, yellow'.
"Well you try shooting arrows constantly during training all morning without breakfast -- or lunch!" he argued back, eyes squinted.
Walking in, Peter and Natasha were overwhelmed by the amount of people shopping inside. If you didn't know the date, you would think it was Black Friday -- which, Peter despised with a passion. Not even two feet inside, someone had greeted them.
The elevator ride was pretty short, considering it was a little bit quicker than most. Once the doors opened, the two stepped out. In the common room sat Tony (which was rare), Clint, Steve, and Sam. The four were talking in laughs when the two walked out of said elevator. Turning around, Clint and Steve's face dropped when he saw the puffy eyed Peter and red faced Natasha.
of Pete's room?" Steve said as he sat up straighter in his rolling chair. "Someone's going to have to either get them to come out or someone's going to have to go in."
Parker stopped, bumping into a stranger as the crosswalk light turned red. He was in the front of the line, copious people mounting up behind him as they all waited for the light to turn that neon green. Cars honked as they drove by, most of them speeding (not like the police cared).
Shaking the thoughts out of his head, Peter tried on the long sleeve shirt. It, in fact, did look good on him. It was baggy, but not an 'oh, it's too big' baggy. Taking his phone from his pocket, Peter took a quick picture of himself in the mirror. Placing it down on the small bench, he stripped of the shirt, careful of his 'wounds', and changed back into his original graphic t. Putting the shirt back on the hanger, Parker grabbed his phone (and the shirt) and made his way back to Natasha, who was sitting patiently on the bench outside the area.
A knock on the door startled her out of her incoming thoughts. Wiping the dust off on a rag, she pinched her cheeks to get some colour in them and opened the door, her usual facial expression placed; bright eyes and a hint of a smile.
Tony shook his head, an amused expression on his face as he went over to his scrap pile and pulled out nearly ten different types of wood and metals. "What are you doing up so early anyways? It's around four in morning -- which is way to early for you."
May Parker was laying on a hospital bed of white, IV's and tubes running all over her body. A nasal cannula wrapped around her ears. Her face was abnormally pale, and she was way skinnier than the last time he saw her. Bags were under her eyes as they closed peacefully. The heart monitor next to her beeped in a steady rhythm.
"Okay, so, like," the merc started. "you know how in horror movies the people starring in them decides to be really dumb and split up?" The group nodded. "Like, who the fuck does that when a murder or scary ass ghost is chasing after them??? I mean, what's their thought process behind that? ''
Peter smiled a small smile. A single, happy tear fell from his eye as the Avenger was pulled into a soft, reassuring hug.
One by one they looked away from the group to turn towards Peter, their breath hitching as they looked at the younger boy's state.
None of the surrounding people expected Loki to act so kindly towards the young child. They were all in pure shock -- all except Thor, of course. He had expected this from the beginning.
I'm still in a dark place, probably a bit darker than before, but I'm trying my best to get better. Some days are rougher than others, and I may have relapsed more than once, but I'm trying my best.
"When I returned to my chambers, I couldn't bear to look myself in the mirror, let alone keep myself healthy. I could not sleep, nor eat. The only things that kept flashing in my mind were what happened on that battlefield that night. I was only a boy when I thought about putting an end to my suffering. But as you can see, I am still here and, as you Midgardian's say, 'still kicking'."
"Tony, don't talk with food in your mouth." Stark repeated in a higher falsetto, with, yep, you guessed, food still in his mouth.
, who he was still kind of pissed at for her earlier comment. But he didn’t blame her. Why would Steve want to touch
Steve tried to ignore the hummingbird beating of his heart, the clamminess of his palms. He wanted to throw his windows open. Whether to let some air in or throw himself from his balcony was still up for debate.
Tony felt tears well in the hollows of eyes, but not tears of sadness, never sadness. These were tears of ecstasy. Maybe it was wrong for him to
"Fucking hell," Steve groaned, his voice coming out strained. Tony did it again, digging his tongue into Steve's slit in a way that had him swearing under his breath.
The first time Steve holds Tony in his arms, he barely even registers it, too focused on getting a vulnerable Tony out of the way of gunfire.
it. Tony shifted in Steve’s lap, gasping when he felt just how hard Steve was, his cock rigid and nudging into Tony’s thigh.
Tony takes the bear, and maybe it's the lack of food in his system, but the urge to cry at Steve's kindness strikes him. The bear
At first nothing seemed off. Tony was hunched over his work desk fiddling with his gauntlet. Usually DUM-E would be sat right next to him, but the bot had rolled himself into a corner on the opposite side of the room. A half empty bottle of Jack Daniel’s sat on the table beside Tony.
Through the headset, Tony could hear the distinct click of Pepper’s heels against his granite floors. “I’m sorry I was late,” she was saying. “I was—what the hell is that?”
The other man’s eyes light up at the bag of bright orange sweet potatoes mocking Tony on the counter.
But maybe Steve had been desperate? Desperation drove men to crazy lengths, including sleeping with your...enemies? That wasn’t right. It held too many negative connotations, and despite their rough start, Tony didn’t think he would ever fight
As she poured the pot, the fragrant, sweet smell of jasmine hit Steve’s nose. He could smell something else, too—lavender? Jasmine and lavender. Perhaps he was reading too much into it, but he couldn’t help but feel as if she had selected this brew specifically to calm Steve’s nerves. That didn’t bode well.
"Is this what you wanted?" Steve asks, withdrawing slightly to add more lube. He pushed back into Tony, the lube squelching obscenely as his hips slap against Tony's. Tony's face, his everything, is red, but he'll take it. He
Despite his body heat, Steve’s words leave Tony cold and shivering. He had been prepared for Steve to beg him to stop, to step away from the suit. He hadn’t prepared to think about sharing the same fate as Bucky; Battered and broken, only to be put together worse off than he was. A mindless puppet forced to commit countless horrors. And if HYDRA did it to Bucky, what was stopping them from doing it again, especially since their precious asset was on the run? Who’s to say there wasn’t already an army of brainwashed super-soldiers somewhere, ready to usher in HYDRA’s new world order?
Tony expects for him to blush like he did earlier after his standoff with Romanov. But instead, the bastard
space, and despite living with them for months on end now, Tony still needs his space. Even Steve never tried to enter the sanctity of his workshop. Steve.
Sam and Rhodey claim seats next to each other on the sofa, Pepper and Nat sitting on the opposite end. Steve’s sitting in his usual armchair that may or may not have his name stitched on it because Tony thinks he’s a comedian. Thor and Bruce take up their usual spot at the loveseat, Thor’s arm slung around Bruce’s shoulders. Clint sits at the foot of the sofa, Natasha’s hand carding through his hair absentmindedly as she says something to Pepper that has her laughing.
Steve tilts his hips just slightly, but the change in angle is enough to make Tony clench around him as his cock presses incessantly against that sweet, electrifying spot inside of Tony.
Part of him knows that if he just reached over...if he took that extra step for Steve's hand...Steve would let him. It'd be so easy…
Tony doesn't know what he's expecting as Thor takes them down a series of hallways, the light growing dimmer and dimmer the further they go. He's not expecting a girl. At least he thinks it's a girl. It's hard to tell when their skin has been completely stripped off their body.
"He surely acts as if he will live forever," Steve said. "I'll be gray and toothless by the time I'm crowned."
"Everything's as good as I can hope for, Pep. I'm going to therapy, and I'm still taking my meds. You know how it is," he says, shrugging. "Some days are better than others."
It had nearly been two weeks since she had done…whatever it was she had done and as each day passed, Steve waited with baited breath for something to give this hallucination or hell-scape or dream up. But each day passed by normally and painfully slow. And nothing, aside from New York dealing with the aftermath of an alien invasion, seemed out of the ordinary. Steve woke up everyday in his sad little SHIELD issued apartment, trained, and tried to help New York heal to the best of his ability, both as Captain America and just as plain old Steve Rogers.
“What was that about not wanting Dodger in your workshop?” Steve had said in a matter of fact voice.
“Chocolate chip cookies,” are the first words to leave Tony’s mouth. Jarvis chuckles, shaking his head. The boy’s sweet tooth is notorious in the Stark household, of course the first food that came to his mind would have been a sweet.
And so here they were, Tony’s arms covered in a layer of motor oil and sweat, his long, fluffy hair curling in the heat of the workshop. He looked so at ease, wearing nothing but a dark tank top and sweatpants and bobbing his head lightly to some AC/DC song or another that blasted over the workshop’s in-ceiling speakers.
Peter grew quiet, seeming to fold in on himself. “His Majesty gives us what he thinks we deserve,” Peter said quietly. A safe reply, a non-answer, yet it told Steve all that he needed to know. It was settled then. He was going to attend today’s hunt regardless, but now, he had a
"Is that a joke?" Bruce says, throwing his fork down, sending it clattering against his plate. "Do you really think unleashing a big green rage monster at a carnival with children present is a bright idea?"
Steve nodded his thanks and finished off his wine. He hoped it would do its job well and dull his mind. Marriage and heirs and thrones could wait until tomorrow.
some violence and gore (nothing crazy) in this chapter, I'm not going to say too much in the notes because I don't want to spoil it.
"I gave my life to putting an end to HYDRA, and no matter what I do," Steve whispers, more to himself than to Tony, "they always come back. They always come back and take something from me. I'm fighting a war with no end, Tony."
Tony's lips part when Steve takes him into his hand, a soft gasp escaping them as he spreads the wetness of his pre-come along his cock. Heat pools low in his belly, and Tony finds himself spreading his legs wider, baring himself for Steve to use however he pleases.
Steve’s cock was thick and heavy in his mouth and to his surprise, Tony could feel his own cock stirring again all hot and slick with come. Tony took Steve down slowly, his throat relaxing with a practiced ease until the head of Steve’s cock prodded at his throat.
Life goes on. Tony reunites with Pepper. Tony’s mansion gets blown up. He loses Pepper for the final time.
"They were smart when they made this base," Steve says. "It's incorporated into the mountain top. They'll be able to see us coming from all sides."
“You were fresh out the ice, Steve. I figured the last thing you needed on your plate was something like
“Jesus Christ, you scared the shit out of me,” the genius says and sets the baking pan down on the counter-top. Tony had decided to dress down. He’s wearing black jeans and a ratty AC/DC t-shirt that shows off forearms (not that Steve is looking, he’s a
Tony shrugged. “If I ever give up Iron Man, and I don’t think I will, not now, anyway, then maybe. It’s not like I’m hurting for the money.”
into him. Tony felt feverish as all of the blood rushed from his head straight to his groin. He clamped his thighs together to at least try to soothe the ache, but Steve stopped him, one booted foot resting against Tony’s crotch, making him whimper. He wanted to rub himself against Steve’s boot or grind down on the firm sinewy muscle of his thighs,
She wore rich emerald green robes this time that brought out the magnificent blue of her eyes. One leg was crossed in front of the other as she leaned forward, propping her head up with one arm on the table. Steve’s hands itched for charcoal and paper.
The serum. He remembered now. He had been talking to the sorcerer in the yellow robes, trying his best to ignore the pain that had slowly been consuming him, when as soon as she mentioned it, it was like his migraine had intensified tenfold. And the serum had done
“JARVIS, what’s wrong?” Tony was saying, but that didn’t make sense either. JARVIS was dead just like Tony, wasn’t he?
It was Friday, movie night, and Tony had been in the workshop for twelve hours straight. Steve knew something was
2. We have officially entered Phase 2 of the MCU in don't blink! These next few chapters are gonna be Tony's POV but don't worry Steve's POV might make an appearance.
He followed the staircase in the main foyer up, up, up until he reached the roof. A tall bald woman dressed in yellow robes was waiting for him.
Despite being dead for 21 years, Howard’s voice came back to whisper in his ear. “Stark men are made of iron,” Tony muttered to himself.
“The next poor sucker to be your roommate,” Rhodey says and gets a pillow to the face by courtesy of Tony.
The shower door slides open, letting in a gust of cold air. Tony shivers at the sudden temperature change...and at who’s joining him.
Tony remembered their teeth clacking together painfully and Rogers biting down on his lip until they bled and coming so hard in his uniform until he was seeing stars behind the lids of his eyes. After that it had become a regular occurrence. Whenever Tony, or in some rare cases, Steve, had fucked up on a mission, somehow, someway they’d find each other and spend the evening tearing each other apart. A small, dark part of Tony that he didn’t want to acknowledge secretly looked forward to their little clandestine meetings.
for more marvel/stony content! Y'all know the drill. Comments and kudos are very much appreciated! Love you guys!
Steve groaned and buried his face in his hands. As the Crown Prince, he didn’t frequent brothels himself, there was too much risk involved, but even he knew of the fierce madam who ran Brooke’s most prominent brothel, the
"You're a good man, Sam. This one's on me, though."  And it was. Steve was tired of others dying for his sake. Sam gave him one last searching look before nodding and stepping back.
"...Is it weird that I kind of actually like these?" Clint whispers to Natasha, who's tracing the lines of her hourglass on her shirt.
Tony is sore in that delicious way that comes with a good fuck, feels the echo of Steve’s cock pressing into him and splitting him in half. It’s not impossible for a man of Tony’s age to get hard so quickly after an orgasm, but definitely improbable. Were he less desperate, less crazed, he might consider the side effects of regularly sleeping with a super-soldier without a condom, but all he really wants is for Steve to fill him up again.
Not too long after Steve parked his motorcycle, he heard a familiar, yet obnoxious purr of a luxury car’s engine and out strolled Tony looking far too good for someone who had nearly died twice two weeks ago. Bruce hopped out of the passenger seat, giving him a light wave in greeting, looking like he was trying to make himself smaller.
Tony had nearly jumped for joy at the chance to mess around with his bike and soon after breakfast that morning, Steve had wheeled her up to Tony’s workshop.
The rest of the assignments go quickly. Natasha gets the sharpshooting booth, Clint's over Ring Toss, and Thor and Bruce will oversee the sack race. Now that introductions and assignments are over, there's a thrum of excitement to the air. Or anxiety. Tony's not sure yet.
Bucky smiled, a small but sure thing, repeating the familiar words they had said to each other nearly a lifetime ago. "How can I? You're taking all the stupid with you."
JARVIS’ voice came through. “Sir…would you like me to contact Captain Rogers? I believe he would be able to help you in your current state.”
Natasha and him had joined up with the others who looked just as bad as he felt. When they had updated the others on the Loki situation, Thor’s face had taken on a thunderous expression (no pun intended) and he had been all but ready to tear up the rest of New York looking for him. Tony had been the one to calm him down.
Steve reached into his pants and pulled out his cock himself. Tony remembered the first time he had seen it, his mouth had fallen open in shock. He hadn’t been a stranger to sucking cock, having experimented in his younger years before coming to terms with the fact that he was bisexual when he hit thirty, but Tony could barely wrap one
He had managed to isolate the gun’s core, a pulsating egg-shaped thing, and what he had observed made his stomach turn. The core operated off what seemed a limitless supply of thermal energy. HYDRA had basically made fucking blasters like they were living in some cliché sci-fi film. He had wanted JARVIS to do a diagnostic scan but had remembered from earlier lab trials done by SHIELD’s team of scientists that the cores reacted negatively to radiation. The last thing he wanted was to be Tony toast. What intrigued him most was just how compatible alien technology was with earth’s technology. Was all alien tech this adaptable, or was it just unique to the Chitauri?
Seeing her bravery, Jackson cleared his throat. “I also served in Iraq. Para-rescue. I got shot down deep in enemy territory. The bullets had nearly caught me in my femoral artery.”
Tony’s begging for Steve to leave him behind, to find the others and get the hell out of there. As if that were possible. Steve’s lost a lot in his short life; friends, family, a lover, He’ll be damned if he loses another. Instead of saying as much, Steve just laughs, a bit hysterical, and says “In your dreams, Stark. Can’t get rid of me that easily.”
The boardroom falls silent as Steve’s words sink in. Tony’s stomach practically drops to the floor, and he has the strange urge to vomit. Using the staff to make weapons? The engineer in him could fathom that. But to tempt those in need with stability and shelter? To subject them to unimaginable horrors for the sake of world domination? How could anyone be that heartless?
night, Your Highness,” Bucky said, bowing low to Steve, that all-knowing smirk reappearing. “And remember what I said.”
"Is this another one of your strange Midgardian customs?" Thor says, holding the t-shirt out in front of him. They're done up in his signature hotshot red, of course with Carmen's charity,
Steve let his feet go wherever they wanted, thankful to be away from the others, if only for a moment. He could only withstand their boasting for so long. Was that to be his lot in life? A slave to traditions, to propriety? Having his every move be under scrutiny? Sometimes...sometimes he longed for a different life. A simpler one, where he spent his days capturing the dreamscapes of his mind on canvas. Had he a younger sibling, he would have gladly abdicated the throne.
“Let me tell you something, you know what happened when I told people I was Iron Man’s body guard? They would laugh in my face.”
When they mounted their horses, it occurred to Steve that Tony wasn't a nobleman and had most likely never gone on a royal hunt in his life, let alone rode a horse.
Within five minutes of meeting, Rhodey had thought he was lost, called him a baby, and told him his dad was a dick.
Tony can't see the quinjet anymore, but he can sure as hell hear it as Natasha unloads a barrage of bullets aimed directly at the turrets surrounding the HYDRA bunker. Never has he ever been more thankful for retro-reflective paneling. There's a pause in the gunfire, presumably from the HYDRA goons taking cover and Natasha ceasing her fire to allow Thor to reach him unharmed.
Steve takes a moment to dab at his face with a napkin before he speaks. "My soda was a little strong. Caught me by surprise."
“Of course not, sir,” JARVIS said. Steve swore he could detect a hint of amusement in the AI’s voice.
Natasha and Clint tie in Shoot 'em Up. Since Tony is on a team that consists entirely of children, they extend their competition to every booth in the carnival. Steve warms up as the day goes on, even joining in on their little competition along with Thor. Tony and Bruce are just content to watch.
Tony presses forward, nudging his cock against Steve's lips, who gladly takes him back into his mouth. Steve's mouth is so
Tony shook his head. “Well, Rogers isn’t here right now, is he? He’s…I don’t even know where the hell he is.”
“I don’t necessarily think my life experiences are going to be relatable to anyone else,” Steve said.
he was. He saw Tony’s face, ashen and filthy as the light faded from his eyes. He saw Natasha, lying at the bottom of a ravine, her neck bent at an unnatural angle and usual bright green eyes dull and unseeing. He saw Bucky falling away to dust, falling off the train, always falling.
“Really?” Tony said, lowering his sunglasses. “I distinctly remember you jumping off a building with no parachute.”
“Don’t you think six, let alone one Avenger, would take away from the cause? And that’s if they even agree to it.”
3. I'm sure most of us have seen Iron Man 3 but I'm still going to do trigger warnings for Tony's anxiety attacks. In this chapter, the first one begins at
It's supposed to be a run-of-the-mill ambush, so of course, they're met with the modern-day equivalent of hellfire and brimstone—in HYDRA's case, a volley of gunfire. One second, Tony's flying over a mountain pass, thanking his lucky stars that his flight suit is insulated, the next a bright blue bolt of pure energy strikes him in one of his thrusters, sending him spiraling. Another shot sends Tony plummeting towards the earth in an ironic facsimile of the Battle of New York.
Tony thought of his own inventions. Missiles and guns and bombs. But he also made intellicrops to feed the hungry. The arc reactor sparked a revolution in clean energy technology. JARVIS, the closest Tony would ever come to bringing another life into this world, growing and developing with every day. How would history judge
“No,” Tony says, raising his voice so Steve can hear him over the rush of the water. “Made a promise, remember?”
“It’s all I’ve known. Building things. Taking them apart and putting them back together better than I found it. Circuit boards, car engines, bots, AIs…weapons.”
harder for Steve to relax. “It’s like,” he spoke up, “you’re constantly on edge. Just waiting for the other foot to drop and for everything to go wrong.”
“I hope you got a good night’s rest. His Majesty, the king, has arranged for a hunt later this morning.”
"No," he replies. "Carmen Solomita's. She's big on philanthropy, always trying to help out in some way or another. She's always been like that."
That feeling of anxiety was still there and perhaps it would never truly go away but AJ’s words would ring in his mind. “You are more than your trauma,” and “You deserve to be happy,” were constant mantras of his these days. He wasn’t healed completely, not by a long-shot. He still had bad days where he could barely drag himself out of bed. He had days where the guilt and the pain would well up inside of him and nearly made him choke but he was
sleep deprived anymore so why are you still here? And being nice? Did you break something? Need something? Upgrades? Money?”
But where Tony went, others usually followed. Not like Steve could blame them. He’d follow Tony anywhere, too. First came Rhodey who had walked in on him and Tony in the penthouse mid-food fight. Steve had been
Rhodey stays when Tony gets drunk for the first time after Howard and Maria blow him off on the first family weekend of the school year. Rhodey, strong, kind Rhodey, shares his parents with Tony the entire weekend. Captain Rhodes and Mrs. Rhodes are just as sweet and kindhearted as their son and accept Tony with open arms.
“How the hell do you have such a good poker face?” Tony had said after Steve had won three games in a row. The dining room lights glinted off a stray fleck of glitter in his beard.
His father approached him first, clapping him on the shoulder. "I'm surprised to see you up and about," his father said. Joseph looked Steve up and down, his eyes pausing on Steve's swords. "Eager to break it in?"
Steve didn't want to think about Natasha or Tony or any of the other countless lives that had been lost, yet the memory overpowered him anyway. Steve's mind was standing in the smoldering wreckage of the Compound, of his
Something akin to pride swelled in Steve’s chest. “No,” Steve agreed. “And now he knows to think twice before setting his sights on you unless he fancies a lashing.”
He vaguely recalled the others calling his name but their voices had faded to a dull roar in the back of his head. Tony’s words had sent Steve backward in time. One moment he had been sitting at the dining table, next he was at the Compound that wouldn’t exist for another three years and Tony was laying into him with barely repressed rage. He could feel himself falling, drifting listlessly in the restless sea of his mind.
Tony never thought a smile could be sad, but that's the only way to describe the look on Steve's face; a mixture of anguish and fondness and love, so much love he has to look away. He didn't mean to make Steve upset, but it's too late now. He's already opened the floodgates.
His eyes snap up to Steve. Right. They were having a conversation. Tony’s self-loathing can kick in later.
Natasha had been one of Steve’s first friends in this strange new world. While others had spoken to him like they were walking on eggshells, like they didn’t want to set him off, Natasha had pushed him. She had made references she knew he wouldn’t understand so he’d look them up later and got him to cut his hair and took him to buy new clothes and he
"Tony?" Steve whispers, a little bit of awe seeping into his voice. Tony holds back a flinch, trying to tamp down on the surge of guilt that threatens to choke him. Had he been so cruel to Steve, so sparse with his affection?
When Tony wasn’t inventing with Bruce or goofing around with Rhodey or spending time with him, he was with Pepper. Pepper and Tony, whenever they had the chance, would spend time flying back and forth between Malibu and Manhattan to be with each other. Steve liked it when Pepper came to visit. Whenever she stayed in the tower, it was like Tony’s entire being lit up. Seeing the near infinite amount of love Tony had for her hurt Steve in the best way; on one hand, some small, bitter part of him would contort in fury and jealousy that
Bucky smirked and folded his arms behind his head, practically radiating smugness. “In case you grow fond of him.”
By the time Tony registered the sound of a stray suit piece firing up, it had already jetted his way, shooting into his back. Tony toppled forward, the suit falling to pieces around him. He tugged and yanked at his helmet until his head was free and surveyed the damage. Two of the glass panes sealing his suits away from the rest of the world had been shattered. Steam billowed steadily from the broken pipes embedded in the wall and…was that smoke?
"You got it, boss," Tony says, and then, just to be an ass, he salutes him too. "I will avoid all near-death experiences to the best of my ability."
Tony swallows, his brain trying to parse through the hazy cloud of lust that had descended upon his brain. Steve’s eyes are big and so fucking
“You know I can help, just ask,” Tony said instead. “I got a ton of new tech. I got a prehensile suit, I got a…I got a new bomb disposal. Catches explosions mid-air.”
"If it's truly important, find me once the hunt is over," his father cut him off, giving him a cursory glance before rejoining his councilmen.
" Tony thinks, as they push forward. Thor wields Mjolnir with grace and finesse; it might as well be an extension of his arm. It's the hallmark of a person who's spent half their life spilling blood. Tony's the same when he has a gun in his hands, and this modified Chitauri gun is no different. Aiming and firing with the intent to kill, his weapons are all too happy to listen. And Steve, Steve fights with a dancer's grace, lethal power behind every one of his attacks.
Rhodey had nodded putting both hands in the air in surrender. “Alright, you’re not a baby. But for real, man, what are you doing here? Where are your parents?”
And it’s fine, really. Being cool with terrorists blowing up your home and experimenting on you without your consent is a lot to ask of anyone, even if that person is Pepper Potts.
She was still beautiful. But then again, Steve was biased. Even when she had been lying in a hospice bed, her hair long gone gray, he had still thought she was one of the most beautiful women he had ever seen in his lifetime. Her hair was longer, although her signature curls were still in place. Her lips were as plump as ever and done up in that lovely red hue he had come to associate with her. She was dressed in a pretty, yet functional navy blue dress with a white collar.
Sometimes he would do something for one of them without them even asking, or reference an inside joke that didn’t exist between them yet and Bruce and Tony would stare at him like he had suddenly sprouted another head. (He wondered if that was another side-effect of time travel he hadn’t known about. He’d have to ask Brita.)
Bruce brings warmth to his tower, where there had been nothing but the coldness of electricity and steel. Sometimes when their research aligns, they’ll spend hours together in Bruce’s workshop. They’re good for each other, he thinks. Bruce gets him to eat a real meal and even stops DUM-E from putting motor oil in his smoothies. Tony gets him to open up. He wants to get to know the man behind the Hulk. For a moment, they’re at peace.
At first, all he saw was the familiar round face of his guard, Robb, and wondered what he could possibly want this late.
The scent of cotton candy and funnel cake and something smoky, no doubt barbecue, carries on the wind. There are two long lines of booths, rides, and rest places alike stretching for a good yard. The other volunteers are zooming about, dressed in bright red tees like the Avengers, finishing up last-minute preparations.
Natasha stepped out of the car looking completely unbothered, meanwhile Clint clambered out of the car looking pale in the face.
Tony finds Steve in the communal gym, pounding away at a punching bag like it had insulted his mother. Tension radiates off Steve in waves, the muscles in his back taut. Tony deliberately makes a noise when he enters; as pent up as Steve is, the last thing he needs is to think that anyone’s sneaking up on him, and Tony doesn’t fancy being broken in half by his…
Tony’s body seized, pushing away from the table with a strength that surprised even himself. He had to leave, now. He was in danger, he could feel it deep down in his bones. He was in danger and he wasn’t in his suit, fuck, where the hell was his suit? Tony scrambled for the exit, startling the patrons of the bar. Mark 7, gleaming in the Malibu sun, was a sight for sore eyes. The suit parted open for him immediately, engulfing him whole.
1. If you've been here from the very beginning you may have noticed that the rating has changed from Teen and Up to Explicit. That's because while developing this fic, I was debating on whether or not to include a possible sex scene in the story. I have now made up my mind and decided to include the sex scene but trust me it won't be for a
Tony slumps back in his seat. It had been two weeks since their last mission, and it had left him on edge. Even the other Avengers had kept to themselves. Especially Steve. Tony frowns. The day after the mission, Steve had retreated to his own floor, and Tony hadn't seen him since.
“Hard pass,” Pepper said. “I love you and I love the suit but I think it’s best if I stay out of one.”
"I broke the bastard's spear in half and ran him through with my sword," an annoyingly smug voice said. Great. Rumlow would be accompanying them on the hunt. Following the sound of the voices, Steve's palfrey trotted gracefully into the clearing. All conversation ground to a halt as Steve came into view. So much for going unnoticed.
“Focus up, ladies. Good evening and welcome to the birthing suite,” he said, spreading his arms wide. “I’m pleased to announce the imminent arrival of your bouncing, badass, baby brother.”
Mark 42 shrugged. “It could’ve been a cool Christmas present. Also, speaking of Christmas presents, did you see yours?”
Tony rewarded him by grinding his hips against Steve’s. The pressure in his groin was building, his cock straining against the bindings of his trousers.
He won’t lie; he’s missed having a PA.  Nobody could replace Pepper, but Hill came damn close. Even if she was a glorified babysitter for the team.
“Sticky,” Tony says, deadpan. They hadn’t gotten the chance to clean off after their little...excursion on the helicarrier.
All thoughts of Hemingway and Santiago and that fucking Marlin flee Tony’s mind as he stands from his chair and makes a running leap towards Rhodey’s bed.
Tony settled on a bottle of Chardonnay. Chardonnay and salmon would be perfect for date night. And although Tony would die before he’d ever admit it out loud, hopefully they’d have some cuddling time on the couch.
Tony still confuses him, even with his warmth. Steve is especially confused when Tony asks him out on a date, beating Steve to the punch, and he’s even more so when Tony tells him to come up to his penthouse suite.
“What, you don’t like it?” He said. He tried to hide the strain in his voice as he pulled himself up on the pull up bar.
Rhodey in retaliation throws both his pillow and Tony’s at Tony in quick succession. Tony yelps as both pillows make their mark.
"You asked," Tony says. "Speaking of Bruce, Brucie, you've been quieter than normal. What's going on in that brilliant head of yours?"
It had been a day like this one, so beautiful and peaceful you could almost forget the blood and sweat and torment that came before it. And Tony...Tony had been alive. In the physical sense, anyway. Steve remembered how hollow Tony's eyes had looked that day, could almost see his metaphorical demons hovering over his shoulders. Steve remembered thinking that the light in his eyes had dimmed.
Tony shrugged and rose to his feet on shaky knees, Steve’s eyes burning into him like smoldering coals the entire way. He plucked a few tissues from the box sitting on Steve’s desk and wiped at his face before Steve’s come could truly start to dry. “We both got what we wanted, didn’t we?” Tony asked, zipping up his suit. Hopefully no one would make any mention of the suspicious stains along his groin.
Unwinding her fingers from his, Pepper wrapped her arms around his neck. Her hands carded through his hair, fingers firm but gentle against his scalp. Tony closed his eyes and rested his head against her chest. He breathed in the scent of her perfume—she smelled good, like jasmine and roses—and tried his best to just bask in the moment. A trimmer had come to his hands again. He didn’t know if he was on the edge of an anxiety attack or coming off one.
“You didn’t see them before,” Romanov says, leaning back into her seat. “Rogers wouldn’t touch Stark with a ten-foot pole.”
Rhodey tilted his head to the side and looked at Tony. It was an all too familiar look and yet every time Tony saw it, he was filled with the worst kind of guilt and dread. No matter how old they got, that look without fail would make Tony feel like he was that fifteen year old scrawny shrimp of a kid alone at university and tearing himself apart because of it. On the rare nights Tony could still crawl back to the dorm hungover or strung out or both, Rhodey would give him that look and tell him everything would be okay in the morning.
Comments, kudos, bookmarks, etc. are much appreciated. I love seeing what you guys liked, what you think is going to happen, etc. Not only does feedback make me a better writer, it also makes my day. Thanks for reading!
“I can’t! I don’t know how to flip the screen! And don’t talk to me like that anymore. You’re not my boss.”
“It also isn’t a yes,” she spat back. “But…it may have given me hints. Glimpses. A sense of foreboding, if you will. Before I gave the stone to Banner, I did some general…searching. And it showed me you. This,” she said waving her hand around them. “But not what happened before. No, I figured that out for myself.”
, that was new. They stood nearly shoulder to shoulder, their fingers just nearly brushing each other.
Tony deals with New York by refusing to talk about it at all. Pepper, Rhodey, and Happy express their concern.
I don't own anything related to Marvel Comics or Marvel Studios, but if I did, this is how I'd do it. Readers be warned, Steve does experience a panic attack in this chapter and if that may end up triggering you, it starts at
“Yeah, yeah, yuk it up. I had to leave while I still had a shred of dignity. Now I got a real job, I’m watching Pepper.”
"Before she passed, she encouraged me to go to art school," he says. "Guess she hoped that it would keep me out of trouble."
Rhodey had nodded seeming so sure of himself like it was a fact of life. The sky was blue. Humans needed oxygen to live. Howard Stark
. Steve found his shoulder being used as a pillow as soft snores escaped Tony’s mouth. He had savored the moment, allowing himself to truly be close to Tony in a way he hadn’t in a long,
“See, we’re almost done. Seven. Keep on breathing for me. That’s my man,” Tony said. He reached up to smooth back some of Steve’s hair from his forehead. Steve leaned into the touch, savoring the press of skin against skin, using it as an anchor to the present.
“She probably wasn’t the only one,” Bruce says. “There must have been hundreds of people at that fallout shelter, especially in the dead of winter.”
it's been like two months but to be fair this chapter was a goddamn beast. If you guys noticed, I changed the chapter count on the fic. That's because while I was writing this chapter, I somehow accidentally injected it with a plot so whoops this isn't a porn without plot anymore. Like it got so long I had to split it up.
“No catch,” Tony replied, raising his hands. “Just wanted to let you know it was on the table. Figured it would be good for PR, too.”
There's still a part of Tony that thinks he doesn't deserve it, such utter devotion, such attraction (he won't
Steve sucks another hickey, higher up on his thigh now and all Tony can think about in that moment is how he’s grateful it’s not on his neck.
“If you need anything else, let me know,” Tony said, wiping his hands off on a towel. Steve should have taken that as his cue to leave but something was holding him back. He didn’t want to go just yet.
. Like, literal shit. Cuts and dark contusions scattered his face. The bags under his eyes were so dark they could carry next weeks groceries, let alone the one that had a black eye. Dry blood stuck to his face, especially under his nose. He more of likely had a nosebleed on his way over here. His chest heaved in a weird way, and Wade deduced he probably had a couple of broken ribs, and with the way he kept shifting off of his foot, a sprained ankle as well.
A frown etched its way onto his face as he scooted to where he was sitting down beside him. "Peter..." he whispered softly, concern and a bit of something else stitched in his voice. "I would never hurt you. Why on earth would you think that?"
"Because," Death empathized, "We cannot send you back to Midgard without your permission, or we would have already done it the second you appeared here."  Nodding his head, Peter stared at the ripple of scenery in front of him, his heart shattering into tiny, microscopic pieces by every millisecond.
Raising an eyebrow, Tony looked unconvienced, but he let it slide as the lift’s doors opened, revealing a hallway. “Alright, come on.” he murmured, as he turned to the right and walked off. Peter scrambled to get out of the lift in time before the closed on him, but he managed, some how, and followed his new roommate. Rommate? Flat mate? Whatever you would call him. Nearly tripping, Peter turned the corner where Stark had, and followed him into a living room type of place.
Loki smiled up at him, still in the same spot he sat when Peter got up. Loki playfully sniffed the air. "Much better," he teased.
"Peter, come on! I can't start cooking without you!" a voice called from outside the white, wooden door.
"What -- Nat, wait!" Clint cried as the cell door was closed back. Natasha held up her middle finger as she retreated down the hallway.
“Oh, Peter, there you are.” the older woman smiled, her eyes brimmed with tears as she realized that her nephew was moving out for good.
Sighing, he looked at his bedside table clock, seeing it read only Five-Thirty in the afternoon. Chewing on the inside of his cheek, Peter checked to see if Aunt May was home. When the cost was clear, he shut the door behind him, stripped out of his clothes, and threw on his Spider-Man suit.
Slamming the living room door shut, the two sighed at the temperature change once more. Placing the gifts down on the couch, Wade walked off. Peter yawned slightly as he took off his winter gear, making sure to keep the small box in the coat pocket (so Wade wouldn't find it, seeing it is for him). Not a second later, the said person came around the corner carrying mountains of wrapping paper, tape, scissors, bows and ribbons, and copious other things. It also looked like he stripped of his winter gear as well.
leave on good terms. "Definitely. I can't wait to see Ned and MJ." Peter replied, lying through his teeth. The only people to see through it were Clint, who was still on the refrigerator, and Natasha. Neither, however, spoke of their discovery.
me to come along on this adventurous hunt that he was going on later that evening. But, it never happened," he spoke sadly. "There was no greeting, and no happy Thor, either."
Thor folded his arms over his chest. "Young Peter has lost many things in his life. Family, friends, and who knows who else. On my home planet, and I'm sure for you here, that this is enough to drive anyone mad -- no matter how strong a warrior is." Thor began to explain. "When I first went into battle centuries ago, it petrified me, to say the least. The bloodshed that painted the ground around me, and the fallen soldier's I caused because I simply couldn't do anything about it.
Confused for a moment, Peter knitted his eyebrows together, not sure what he meant by that. But then he realized, “Oh!” he spoke a little to loud, making May jump in the slightest. “Um, Aunt May, could I speak with Mr. Stark.. In private?”
Just as the ball hit Peter, the school bell rang, signalling school was over. Standing back up straight, with his hand on his side, Peter watched as Flash highfived his goons, people cheering him on like he was the king -- which, he was far from.
“Coming!” he shouted back once more, throwing on a graphic t-shirt over the white bandage. Staying in his pajama pants, he basically ran down the stairs, nearly tripping on the last one as he entered the living room.
"I will take that as a compliment. Now, lets do this sh--" both Natasha and Wanda raised an eyebrow. "ow..?" Wanda laughed quite loudly and walked around the counter, making sure to hand the list on the cabinet above them all. Romanoff only rolled her eyes and walked to the refrigerator and opened the door. Peter looked like he could pass out.
"What other situation?" Steve questioned just as worriedly. Both Sam and Rhodey rose a confused eyebrow, not understanding the other situation they were referring too. Somehow, Wanda and Vision understood it all, though they said nothing.
The boy's hair was tangled and messy, sticking up in places that mimicked a certain god's helmet. His skin was abnormally pale, and his eyes were so red that if the Avengers didn't know any better, they would have thought the young male was on some kind of drug.
Thor's heart dropped to his stomach as Stark ran a hand over his face, both looking onward towards the two. Though they couldn't read each other's minds, (except for Wanda, that is), one thought echoed inside of all of their heads.
Wanda let a tear slip down her cheek as it felt all too similar to when she lost her own brother. Vision sensed this and slowly, but comfortingly, pulled the witch into a hug, her cries of sadness and pain being muttered by the fabric of his shirt.
Gaining the rest of the attention, Thor continues as if nothing happens. "My sibling, Loki," he restarts his sentence, "is what you call genderfluid. Sometimes he is Loki, God of mischief and lies, the other times he is Loki,
"Really? 'Cause I've heard about your reputation with plans. Believe me, they never work out for you." Tony said with his eyebrows raised.
"I agree with the Midgardian." Loki spoke, "I don't think I can handle another 'punny' joke, either." Thor nodded his head. Wade also agreed, though it was more louder, consisting of 'Oh my Chuck, will you shut the
Black Widow, Iron Man, Captain America, The Falcon, The Scarlet Witch, War Machine, Hawkeye, Thor, and, heck, even
While doing this, Wanda was off making the cranberry sauce. Taking a fresh bag of cranberries, Wanda emptied them into a free saucepan. Pouring some sugar, lemon zest, and a small amount of water into the mix, the female placed the mixture onto a free stove burner. After increasing the heat, and stirring occasionally, they sauce was almost done. Finally, Maximoff added more sugar and salt and pepper. Setting the now finished food to the side, Wanda jumped to another project; corn. This was fairly easy, so it shouldn't take her long.
"Gotta go!" she shouted, turning on her heal quickly and spinning face first into the wooden wall. "Shit," she cursed under her breath as she took off into another room, the palm of her hand holding her forehead.
He wore a simple, baggy sweatshirt -- the same one that Ben gifted him years ago, and a pair of sweatpants. Both of them were too large, though they seemed to fit just a week ago...
Peter gulped, almost forgetting about the assassin knowing his 'little' secret. From the way Romanoff was looking at the young teenager, she knew that Peter was slightly worried. "Peter," she said with a reassuring smile. "You know that I won't tell anyone. I promised you that, and I don't back out of my promises. Ask Clint." Parker didn't even need to ask the male, he knew, from the way Natasha presented herself, would never tell. But still, a lot of people were the same way. "So, you ready to go?"
Thoughts raced against her mind as she continued to stare at nothing and everything. But everything and nothing came crashing in on her. Sitting up, Natasha ran a hand through her hair. Standing back up, she went back into her fighting stance and continued punching, kicking, and shouting.
Ignoring Parker's slide, Thompson stopped hitting his stomach and chest, and moved onto kicking himself in stead. All of his stomach, a footprint marked him. Curling onto his side, a few tears prickled his eyes.
"I'm going to hit the hay.." he motioned towards the bed. Romanoff got the hit and walked towards the door. Once getting situated, the female opened the door and turned off the light to the bedroom. "Goodnight, Nat.. and thank you.." he smiled, snuggling up in the bed.
Looking around, he found himself in a random room. Upon further inspection, Peter's anxiety went away completely when he noticed that it was in Bruce's lab. It appeared that he was the only one in the lab, well, accept for the person who was holding his hand. Looking down, he found Natasha sleeping peacefully. Her usual straight posture was now traded out for a slouch, as she laid her head on the side of Parker's bed, her hand gripping his tightly.
Loki rolled his eyes at the idiotic Midgardian. "Does he ever shut up?" he questioned Natasha, who he sat beside.
"Peter is a nice name." he commented in a whisper, his mask muffling his voice slightly. "So, Peter, am I right?" This time, Peter was silent. He didn't want to admit it, but, Deadpool was right. He had to tell someone, it was eating him up inside.
"Right here." a new voice came from behind him. Spinning around, Peter almost went into a fighting stance before realizing that it was only Michelle.
Parker sat down by his boyfriend, carefully holding onto the box in his coat jacket -- afraid he will loose it. "Sorry, babe." he apologized. "I didn't think you would scream." Wilson rolled his eyes before he stood up. Picking up the bags, the two boys talked and flirted all the way to their car. After placing it all in the backseat, Wade started the car and they drove off back to Wade's.
"Let's open some gifts, bitches!" Tony shouted, raising his beer. Everyone automatically turned to Cap, awaiting the infamous catchphrase. Sighing, Rogers rolled his eyes and whispered a quiet; "Language." The group laughed, all except Loki and Wade -- which, Wade was more.. fangirling..?
Peter and Ned hardly came out of Peter's room, and everyone was too afraid to ask them to come out of said room.
Wondering down the halls, Peter finally landed in front of Natasha's door. Knocking exactly three times, Peter waited for a reply. "Come in, Peter!" the young boy heard a faint voice reply from the other side of the wooden entry. Opening the door careful, acting like it would break if he was to harsh with it, Parker stepped inside and cracked the door behind him.
"Well, kid, work harder. This would put a damper on your college application. Now, go home. It's been a busy day." Nodding, Peter retreated back to the boys locker room, noticing it was empty. Well, all except for one person.
"Flash," MJ greeted slowly, her voice filled with caution and danger. "Come on, Peter." she ordered, taking Peter's arm and trying to drag him down the hallways. They were already going to be a bit late as it is, and being stopped and harassed by that idiot was going to make them even
Looking down at Peter, the female sighed. "I gotta go pick up the boys. I will be back soon, okay?" Parker softly nodded. "If you need anything, call; that's a demand." Leaning down, Black Widow kissed the young teens forehead. Letting go of his hand, she grabbed her jacket and left the room, sending back one last smile before disappearing.
The two boys were just now checking out with Aunt May's gift, which was a glasses case that has a scenery over a blue forest painted on it. "So, that's everyone accounted for, isn't it?" Wade questioned his partner. Deadpool's feet was hurting, he was tired, and he was
After saying grace, which Thor and Loki were slightly confused about, the group began to dig into the food; Thor, Loki, and Steve basically taking all of the mash potatoes. Rolling his eyes, Peter began to eat his well deserved meal. Under the table however, the young boy felt a strong hand wrap around his. A small smile appear on his face as he looked over at Wade who was acting as if nothing had happened. Squeezing Wade's hand reassuringly, Peter continued to eat with the rest of the group. That is, until Steve spoke. "So, I heard that Aunt May walked in on something she probably shouldn't have." Spider-Man choked on a piece of Turkey, eyes wide as Wade smiled smugly under his mask.
"Peter --" the Witch tried again, but he shook his head. Gripping the edges of his sheets, the young boy sprang from the bed, completely ignoring the strong pain he was feeling because of said actions. "Peter!" Wanda tried, watching as he backed away from her and towards the door. "Peter, please! I didn't mean to go that far into your memories -- you have to believe me!"
"You're the one who's having a panic attack." Clint nearly laughed, though it wasn't the best time to laugh.
Wake up, get dressed (in the clothes wade had gave him), eat some serial, and then some other things that Peter has yet to add.
"Bruce, open up!" Natasha roared, pounding on the lab door. In a flash, the door to the lab was wide opened, with an equally wide eyed Banner.
xX Welcome to chapter four! Got any suggestions or input? Put them down in the comments below, I love reading each and everyone's comment(s)! <3 Xx
were upset about the matter. I mean, who wouldn't be? An innocent kid getting beat to near death for absolute no reason? And don't even get started on the dead-naming, nor the transphobic slurs, comments, and nicknames.
"Oh, hey, Peter." Wanda spoke walking into the kitchen with her usual smile on her face. "Hey, Steve."
"JARVIS, please turn off the lights." the AI followed his orders without a word. "Happy Christmas, Wade."
"Bruce, I need you to get the lab ready. We're bringing in someone who needs medical attention straight away -- and for the love of god, do
Peter sighed, rubbing the his hand over the back of his neck. "I, uh, just guess I'm not one for sports, you know?" Jacoby raised his eyes before sighing as well.
"What Wade's saying is that while Peter is out there MIA, he's searching for the killer. He's playing
Pulling the child towards his chest, he cradled the back of Peter's head as agonizing sobs ripped through his body, only being the slightest of muffled because of the god's shirt. "Shh..." he whispered softly towards the child, though it did no use. Frowning deeply, he looked up towards the others.
"Spidey, something's wrong." Wade started, sighing this time. "And I know you have no obligation to tell me, but, as a friend of mine, I care for you, though you might not see me as a friend back. Still, either way, I can tell you need someone to talk to, and those asshats at the 'Avenger Tower' that I am so sadly banned at, aren't giving you the lending ear that you need. That," Wade thought, tilting his head to the side and back. "Or, you just feel uncomfortable telling them."
To her side was Clint, who held Romanoff's other hand -- an equally worrying expression upon his face. On the opposite side of Peter was Dr Banner, a frown etched into his skin. Worry lines marked his forehead as he silently pleaded for Peter to wake up.
Pursing his lips together, Parker silently nodded. The once excitement that entered his body must have been forgotten at the lobby because it was no more with him. All the bad possibilities rushed across his mind; ‘What if they don’t except him?’ ‘What if they don’t like him because he’s trans?’ ‘What will they say when they finally get to see who’s under the mask?’ ‘What if--’
Smiling softly, Bruce stood up from his chair and fixed the screen for Clint. Blushing softly when he realized that he was pressing the wrong thing, he whispered a soft thank you to Bruce, who returned to his seat shortly after. "Like I was saying, this whole area," he highlighted, "is where the killer was. This radius isn't too wide, so the police have probably already checked it, or getting ready to finish checking."
Pulling out of the long drive way, Natasha turned onto the main road. Rolling down the convertible top -- Nat would only take a car with one of them -- Peter smiled happily as his hair flapped through the wind. With one hand on the steering wheel, the older female Avenger reached forwards and turned on the radio. The sounds of music lyric blasted through the speakers.
Ms Ainsley smiled sadly down at the young child, her greying hair tugged back in a loose bun, the spectacles that were on her face slid down her nose the slightest. "I'm sorry, Peter," she sighed, "But there's nothing that I can do, the house is already sold."
This kiss, however, was over as fast as it started. Looking up, Parker's eyes filled with tears, a happy smile placed on his face. "Thank you," he spoke softly, looking up to meet Wade's denim coloured iris's. "But you shouldn't have done this," Wade's heart sank, "I don't deserve it.."
Upon entering the kitchen, Peter was shocked to see almost everyone up. Steve was at the stove cooking breakfast, Wanda and Vision were in the corner talking quietly, Bruce and Sam were at the counter talking in hushed voices as well, Natasha was leaning up against the wall next to the fridge, and Clint, for some unknown reason, was
Thor looked onwards towards the scene playing out, his teeth bared and his hands in fists. Loki glanced a look at his brother as he felt guilt overpower him.
Checking over Peter's every injury, Bruce began to slowly lift up the boys shirt. "Stop." Natasha ordered the male. Instantly, Bruce retracted his hand, dropping the shirt in the process. "There's something you should know before you do this -- the both of you." she sighed. Peter was going to hate her later, but Bruce needed to know -- to help Peter -- and Natasha would do anything to help Peter.
Leeds was currently sitting on Peter's bed, the blankets around his shoulders as he sat crisscross in the middle. His phone, Loki assumed, was in his hands.
The white carpets covered the area, a round table in the middle of the room, a TV in front of it on the wall, and a couch behind the table. Clearing his throat, Stark grabbed the attention of the Avengers, causing all their heads to turn towards the billionair. Suddenly, Parker found himself selfconcious, worried about their opinion’s of him.
Peter sniffled, wiping his eyes with the end of his hoodie. Going back over to his original sitting position, he fiddled with a stray string off of the red hoodie. "What gave it away?" he asked, clearing his throat afterwords. Slowly looking up to the auburn haired assassin, he found herself shaking her head with a smile.
The corner of Loki's mouth turned up. "Yes, Peter, someone of high-importance. Whether you choose to believe it or not, you are the most cared about person in this building, except for Stark himself. You are, what some might say, regal."
“Alright.” Peter nodded, shaking his head, “I’ll be up for it-- I’ll move in with you guys.” he confirmed, a proud look on his face.
Smiling a tight lipped smile, Peter nodded his head, taking the clothes gently and weakly from the older male's hands. "Thank you, Wade."
needed to stop -- the young spider made his way to the kitchen. It was around five in the morning, so he didn't really except anyone to be up. Boy, was he wrong.
Each of them said their goodbyes then. Clint had shaken all of their hands, (except Tony who he had punched in the shoulder. Steve thought Tony liked it though, given how wildly he grinned afterward,) while Natasha gave them all cool nods before they sped off in the opposite direction of the way they came.
Eleven years ago, Steve would’ve taken the bait for what it was, but he was older and wiser, and damn near immune to Tony’s ways now. Instead he just shrugged, and said, “Bikes are more up my alley. Believe it or not, we had motorcycles in the forties.”
In that first month, he couldn’t help but feel lost. It was just him, Bruce, and Tony in the tower, with Pepper and Rhodey occasionally stepping in to check on Tony. Thor was still traversing the Nine Realms in search of Loki whom they hadn’t seen hide nor hair of on earth. Clint would occasionally stop by in between missions, usually in the wee hours of the morning, nearly always inhaling a bowl of cereal or chugging a pot of coffee before disappearing off to God knows where. (Was he with Laura yet?) Natasha, like Clint, was also a transient being in the tower; Steve would never see her, never hear her, but sometimes he’d walk into a room and something would be
Steve took in the ride, basking in the gentle breeze kissing his cheeks and whistling past his ears. He had missed his motorcycle. He had a lot of good memories associated with it. He remembered after Loki and the Chitauri invasion the first time around, he had gone on a cross country road trip with nothing but the clothes on his back and his bike in between his legs.
. Still bloodied and filthy from the battle, yet alive in a way the shade on Vormir hadn’t even come close to.
Part 2 to this fic should be coming soon-ish, I've already started to draft it and actually have a fic outline written out. Feel free to yell at me on my
Tony winced. He had made Mark 15 about three months ago. “Um…yeah. Sure. You know everyone needs a hobby, Pep. Even geniuses.”
Steve didn’t know where this sudden urge to abandon propriety had come from. All he knew was that the boy in front of him worked far too hard to eat so little.
Tony flushes and takes a sip from his hot chocolate to cover himself—and buy himself time. The chocolate soothes his nerves a bit, and Tony tells him what to type in. Steve's eyes light up at the results, nearly thousands of posts, thousands of works of art that people, young and old alike, poured their hearts into, and Tony wishes he had his phone on him if only to take a picture for himself.
"I am afraid, this isn't your time." Hel addressed. "You shall not die yet, this isn't the time you shall travel away from Midgard."
Slowly, he nodded his head. "A-alright.." he whispered out, barely audible. Wade wouldn't have heard him if it wasn't for White snapping at him to start cleaning him up.
Any who, brings some tissues for the next couple of chapters, but I swear, it'll get better! (...sometime..)
The woman with the long, black robes spoke first. She had long, dark hair, but the top of her face was covered with the hood of her robe. "I am the Angel of the Dead, or as you may know, Death," the woman spoke with softness. The woman beside of her, stepped forwards.
{Awe, really? I like them because they make us feel high! Did I ever tell you the time were I got high off of a pink Shar--}
"Wow, who pissed in your Fruit-loops?" he asked, taken aback. "Any who," the masked Mercenary started talking again before the younger could get a word out of his mouth, "What brings you to this side of the roof?"
Tony tilted his head, "What? Oh! No, no!" he laughed as if it was the funniest thing (which it probably was in his sleep deprived state). Stark placed his goggles down on the metal worktable. Walking around the side, he threw his arms around Steve's neck and pulled him close, placing a chaste kiss onto Roger's plump lips. "Guess what today is,"
Memories of Flash came back into his mind when he found out about Peter being trans. Ever since then, Flash would always call Peter by a crude nickname (Penis Parker was always his favourite) or dead naming him. Some days it was just mental abuse; other days were less fortunate. Peter still even lies to Aunt May about why he comes home from school covered in bruises.
Peter loved to do this. Feel the air rushing against his suit, hearing the busy chat of the passerbyers on the street below him. All of his trouble seemed to drift away.
"Oh, dear god." Ned heard his mother speak. Ignoring her, he continued to listen -- wondering why Peter wasn't there on patro-- oh. May's death.
"Oh, shit." Tony muttered under his breath. Unlike his usually sassy remarks, this one was of concern and worry. "What happened?"
Wilson rolled his eyes as the oven beeped loudly. Springing up from his position, he ran (nearly tripping over the counter) towards the machinery and opened the door, revealing an arrange of many different, homemade treats. Smiling happily, he quickly placed on his Hello Kitty oven mitts and pulled it out of the oven and onto the counter top.
With this, he carefully caressed Peter's face, causing his eyes to open softly. Quietly, he started to squirm. "It's okay, Petey, 'm not gonna hurt you."
Sighing deeply, she slouched her back for the first time today. Though she was a princess and was taught how to sit royally, she just couldn't keep up this facade she was forced to put up.
Seeing the new school year was starting up, he was going to have to talk to Tony about that as well, he did need some good clothes. Now that he was thinking about it, maybe that's why Nat took him shopping and everything. Well, that and the fact that he was running on two pairs of jeans and a handful of different tshirts.
"I'm a little dysfunctional, don't you know? If you push me it might be bad." Peter started to sing loudly over the music, which impressed Nat. Smiling and nodding her head to the beat, she joined in and sang the next line with the younger boy.
secret; and the one I'm about to tell you. If you don't, you will be on my list of people that I will personally
"You guys really got to stop doing that." Peter whined before grabbing his science and maths books out. Slamming the locker door closed, Peter pulled down the hood of his hoodie and began to walk with his small friend group. They had a few minutes to spare, so they decided to get caught up on all the stuff that had happened. And seeing that MJ knew he was Spider-Man, he didn't hold back any details.
No longer to hold back the tears, Peter silently cried, tears dripping down onto the paper. "Shit," Wade muttered under his breath, "Was it that bad? I'm sorry if you--"
Running a hand through his short, brown locks, Stark placed his head in his hands. "Peter is.. Peter is --"
"Dammit, Wade!" Peter cried. Taking off his tear stained mask, Peter spun around and looked at the masked mercenary. "I told you to leave me alone!" Though Peter couldn't see it, but under his mask, Wade's eyes widened and his heart broke at the sight.
Opening his eyes, his thoughts were confirmed when he saw a distraught Peter Benjamin Parker hugging him to firmly that Ned thought that he was going to lose oxygen.
Bruce eyed the boy suspiciously before smiling in a small manner, "Please, just call me Bruce. No need to get formal or anything."
Now with a mission in their focus, the team split off to either grab their gear or suit up (and for some, both). Wade sighed when he noticed it was only Thor and Loki left with him, seeing they could just transform into their suits.
His bottom lip was raw from his worrying it between his teeth, and his fists constantly opened and closed, repeating the same motion over and over again.
The god rose an eyebrow, his eyes squinted and his lips pursed. "I know you and Loki have had problems in the past, but Loki has changed! Drastically if I may add. Loki has helped tremendously in the past couple of months, you should know this." Thor spoke quite angrily, though, Tony thought, he
"Anyone up for a movie?" Tony questioned from the opposite side of the room, right beside of Steve. Sam shrugged, as well as Bruce.
"Peter, Ned's here." a feminine voice whispered softly towards the boy, though Leeds didn't see, for he was trying to stop the oncoming panic attack that was spreading through his veins.
ago, the memory of watching one of the only people that truly loved and cared about me during my childhood dying right in front of my eyes still haunts me."
“Damn, sass much?” Tony remarked, getting in the back of the limo, leaving the door open for the young boy. Pulling the door closed behind him, he sat down in front of Mr. Stark.
Stark rolled his eyes as he began to type quickly on his keyboard. "Doesn't really have the same effect of 'I'm in', but it'll do," Wade said after a moments silence. "Where's Thor and Loki?"
Once most of the dry blood was washed away, Deadpool placed the rag into the bowl of water, watching the once clear liquid changing to a shade of red. Turning to the side, Wilson opened the first aid kit with ease, shuffling the items inside before he pulled out a thin needle that was already pre-threaded. He also pulled out a small packet that contained an antiseptic wipe.
"Activating Override Code B-39C. Pulling up the footage now, sir." Nodding into the air, Tony watched as the television in front of him flickered on. The first camera was in the elevator -- and what he saw
"My, look at the time." Natasha yawned herself, stretching slightly. Parker nodded, following suit with the yawn.
Sam finally spoke up from the background, his arms crossed as he stood behind Thor's chair. "I agree with capsicle here. You're gonna have to tell us."
From what Thor has been saying, Loki has been a great second in command, especially now free from his prison cell in Asgard. Sighing, Stark threw his head back into his hands with a groan.
After about fifteen minutes, Flash finally gave up. Spitting on Peter, he then marched out of the locker room and to somewhere else than there. Those few tears that were threatening to fall were already falling, and soon, it became a sob.
It was such a quick action that the mercenary couldn't even react before Peter pulled apart, like his lips burned him.
"When I got done packing, I went downstairs and found the two fighting. I tried to break it up, but before I could even reach the bottom step, he struck her with the closest thing near him. The police said he had fractured her skull and died before she even hit the ground. He got thrown in jail and I moved in with my aunt. Though that was literal
"For what?" the totally clueless Tony Stark questioned, tilting his head to the right. Not even hesitating, Wanda Maximoff brought up her fist and punched Stark straight in the face. Flying backwards, the male hit his head on the ground and slipped off into a soft sleep.
showing up is all about." he shrugged, before his gaze drifted down towards the piece of food on the floor. Staring at it longingly, he sighed deeply.
See, he and Peter were talking late last night about the death of May Parker, Leeds trying his best to condole the slightly younger boy. He's never really experienced death first hand, seeing the only people he cared about were alive and healthy.
Once all the food was brought into the room, everyone took a seat, Wade sitting besides Peter respectively, as Wanda sat besides his other side. Aunt May sat in front of the pair, Steve and Tony sitting to the left of May; Sam sat on her right. Clint, Natasha, Thor, and Loki all sat scattered about, both into pairs -- Natasha with Clint and Thor with Loki. Bruce, however, sat on one of the ends, Vision happily sitting on the other end in front.
to get himself killed?" he asked, his eyebrows to his hairline. Throwing his hands up, he began to pace the living area's floor space.
"Yes, and his name is Wade. Do keep up." Loki spoke, her eyebrow raised and a small smug smirk pulling at her lip.
“What if they don’t like my.. ‘Situation’?” Peter blushed, pointing down to his chest and then to his ‘down stairs’.
"Well, shit. He's no fun." the mutant pouted his lip. Wade looked over to Clint, who was now gone. "I guess it's just you and me, birdbra -- oh, come on!"
"H-Hey, Tony.." she stuttered out, blocking the view of the elevator (that currently held the others).
"Lady Loki does have a point." Vision interrupted. "Studies show that simply asking a person about a subject or matter they will be more open to talking about it, rather than a person prying, or spying, for said information."
So sorry for the late chapter! I've been trying my best to stay off the interwebs till I see Infinity War (which will be the 29th) (that was the only date that was available here, sadly..)
"The question we should be asking is whose MJ's killer -- and she prefers MJ over Michelle, btw." Wade spoke, his mask rolled up to his nose as he sucked on a lollipop. At first, he wouldn't ever think about showing his face, let alone a part of his skin, but when both Natasha and Wanda saw his hesitation, they made him feel safe enough to do it -- they also promised that if any of the members gave him one side look or glance wrong, they'd end them. So, he gave in (and so did his hunger).
Loki, seeing the male's panicked state, he quickly answered. "The reason they called me down here was that I know what it's like to have everything in my reach fall apart. I also know what it is like to have a hatred for your own body."
Quickly, Deadpool stitched the male together, tying the not, and wound, close. Setting down the used needle, Wade grasped the wet rag again and dabbed it across the re-sewn area. Peter, once more, hissed loudly as he gripped the back of the couch, tears clouding his tightly shut eyes. Wade frowned, hating to see his Spidey in pain.
This time, Natasha sighed. Running a hand through her hair, she began to think through this whole ordeal. She wanted to explain to the captain and others of what was going on, but she couldn't find it in herself to
Nodding her head with two raised eyebrows, May stood up and left the living room without a word. Motioning for the older man to follow, which he did, they both walked towards his room.
I’ve been, for a while now, in a constant state of anxiety, depression, and outbursts. My therapist, which I do NOT like (and now I can suddenly remember why I stopped going ages ago) has said that I was basically overreacting and that I
Again, Leeds sniffed, the backpack finally falling from his trembling hand. Ignoring the clatter of fabric hitting the cold, hardwood ground, he brought his hands up to his eyes, his palms digging into his closed eyelids.
Right about then, Peter tripped over his untied shoe laces. Cursing to himself, he pushed himself up and retied them.
Once more, Peter panicked. Eyes widening, he shook his head violently, holding back yells of pain. "Peter." Wade spoke softly, a hand placed on his cheek. Jumping slightly from the touch, the younger looked up to him with wide, fearful eyes. "I'm not -- you know I'm not going to hurt you. Nor will I judge you, baby boy. But I
The two stayed like that for a while -- that is until Natasha's phone rang. Pulling away, Natasha pulled out her phone from her pocket. Looking at the caller ID, Natasha sighed heavily, knowing that she would
Readjusting his grip on Parker, Barton walked quickly along side Romanoff, Peter in between them. Entering the main hall (which was still crowded with students), gasps rang out.
"Spidey?" a voice came out. It was a voice who he usually heard in a sarcastic tone, but this time, it was one of worry and pity. "What are you doing?"
May laughed, earning a shocked look from Parker. “Oh, I’m not laughing at you, I’m just laughing that the fact that you would think such a thing.” she smiled, wrapping her left arm around her Peter, pulling him in to her side. “It’s the twenty-first centuary, Pete. They’ll probably be more than accepting. Besides, if they have a problem with who you are, they can come and talk to me about it.” she stated in a cold voice towards the end.
"I could talk to him, or at least try to again. If I am able to teleport into his bedroom I have a higher chance of being able to make contact with him." Lady Loki interrupted from her standing position. "But, if I do this, there is a chance of me losing our trust because I will end up invading his privacy during these 'dark' times."
Seeing this, Flash only laughed louder and continued to kick everywhere. His legs, his stomach, chest, arms, face. Whimpering out, Peter tried his best to restrain himself. His Spidey Senses were tingling, telling him to move. To run. But Peter knew he couldn't do that.
"Don't forget Sam's, Rhodey, Aunt May, and Vision -- oh, and me, if you haven't already." Wade chimed in with a smile. Peter sighed, shit. He forgot about those, including Wade's. Though only meeting Thor and Loki once, as well as Rhodey, he felt obliged to get them gifts. Pulling the cotton Spider-Man themed gloves off and sticking them into his coat, (Wade thought it was a hilarious idea), Peter checked his wallet. He didn't have much, seeing as he barely had a job, well, an 'internship'. Placing his wallet back in his pant pocket, he looked back up to Wade.
Unable to keep his eyes open for much longer, he closed them tightly as the tears kept streaming down his face. His nose scrunched up as he forced back a strangled sob. He was suddenly losing the strength to stand, and Parker was too, by the feel of things.
That's when it hit him. Why was he in different clothes? He was in his school clothes before, wasn't he? And where was his binder? Why wasn't he wearin -- Oh no.
"Exactly," Clint smirked. Zooming in on the map with both of his hands, he pulled up the spot of where it all went down.
Sighing, Parker only realized that he has accomplished step one and two. Running a hand through his hair, Peter pulled at the baggy graphic t. He wasn't wearing a binder (due to both Nat and Wade killing him simultaneously), nor a sports bra, because he still hurt from the 'wounds'. Chewing the inside of his cheek -- which was a habit he
"What the hell happened, Nat?!" Clint whisper shouted as he looked at the bloody, bruised boy collapsed on the ground. Natasha shook her head.
Rubbing a hand over his face, he threw on the binder and sweatshirt, exiting the bathroom and walking over towards his bed. Pulling out a book, he began to read.
With that, Natasha hung up. Less than ten minutes and Natasha arrived with a murderous, yet, worried, expression on her face. Clint was right by her side as well, shock and anger on his face at the sight of the young teen. "What the fuck?!" he nearly shouted, causing Peter to flinch even more at the loud noise.
Yes, I do understand that it is a /bit/ underage, but it is more suitable than Peter being fifteen and Wade being, well, however old he is!
"But," Death spoke, "If you choose to travel towards Helheim, you will be greeted with eternal peace. If you choose Helheim, Hel will take you there herself, seeing she is the ruler of that realm. While if you choose Valhalla, I will take you to the gates, but I could not enter, seeing I am not deemed worthy enough for battle." she spoke sadly towards the end. Hel gave the woman a sad smile, sharing the unknown feeling.
The silver-tongued prince laughed softly. "I was called by my brother and his friends -- the Avengers. They said I could help you with your...
For a moment, Stark was about to retort, telling him that there was no use in trying to keep things bottled up, but then realized that it really wasn't the time for the conversation, and that Bruce would tell him when the time came. Forcing a small smile, he waved over his friend and showed him a quick, sloppy blueprint of what he was building. "He's gonna love it, Tony." Bruce smiled up at him. Tony nodded.
shut up? We're doing this for Peter -- therefore it doesn't matter if we get hurt, as long as he's happy.]
“Why is everyone staring?” Tony asked, completely oblivious to why basically herds of people were gathering around the black limousine.
Tony tsked, "Ah, see, that's where you're wrong, Clint." Peter knitted his eyebrows together, but continued to listen in. "Steve said the word important, therefore, he
Ignoring the now bickering boxes, the older male began to sort his groceries; placing thing that needed to stay frozen in the freezer, and those who needed to be in the fridge in the refrigerator.
"Gladly," Steve grinned, pulling the hero close to his chest, his hands resting on Stark's hips. Tony's hands wrapped around Roger's neck once more, resting his head under the blond's chin. "I love you."
Sighing to himself, Parker sat upon the rooftop, his feet dangling over the edge. Lifting his mask to where it was rested just above his nose (still covering his eyes and such), he let out another deep breath. Peter stayed this like this for a while, getting lost in his own thoughts.
"Sorry, Wade, duty calls." Spidey interrupted, jumping off the roof and swinging from web to web, building to building.
Swallowing the lump in his throat, Peter nodded his head and started to stand up. Pulling the hoodie part back down, (it fell over his face during mid fall), his cheeks burning a soft scarlet. "Y-Yeah.." he muttered, his voice breaking an octave higher.
See, every since he got his new superpowers, he has began to heal twice as fast as the average person, as well as a lost of other things. But these wounds are being stubborn. They wouldn't go away.
"Peter," she spoke, "I need you to listen to me, alright?" Peter nodded slowly, sending a small wave of pain through his body. "Only Bruce and Clint know, and they will
Hearing this, Parker saw Bruce squint a tad, head turning slightly at the sound. Gulping, he wiped his hands on the back of his jeans. Gods, he just embarrassed himself in front of The Avengers -- THE Avengers!
Nearly hugging the man right then and there, Natasha nodded her head swiftly before taking off, once more, towards the boys locker room.
An awkward silence engulfed the two, which was surprising to say at the least, seeing Wade never shut up.
Skimming her eyes over the storage once more, she smiled triumphantly and pulled out some kind of protein bar. "Fantastic." she answered with a big smile once more. Leaning up against the marble counter, she opened the small bar and began to nibble away. Now finishing his apple, Peter walked over towards the trash can and threw the inedible part away. Getting ready to turn and walk away, Wanda stopped him. "Oh, Peter." she remembered.
All Natasha felt was anger and guilt. She could have stopped her from saying those things to Peter -- she didn't know how, but she could. Walking back to her room, Romanoff quickly changed into some more comfortable clothes -- sweatpants and a tank top -- and made her way to the gym. Entering, she found the room to be empty.
"Ten," he said with a small smile. Nodding her head, she reached behind her desk and handed Peter a small white piece of plastic that had the number '10' written across it. Towards the top was a circular hole, so a person could place said plastic on the door handle. Handing over the bags towards Romanoff, Peter walked towards the men's changing room.
"You'll have to do it then," he whispered out quietly, his voice cracking and hoarse from not talking.
"Now," she began, walking over towards the glass mirror. Pulling it open, it revealed a first aid kit. "You may not like this, and it may make you feel uncomfortable, but I need you to do it anyways. I need you to take off your hoodie and binder. I can tell that there is an infection of some sort because of that torn up binder."
"I leave them food at each meal time, every day," Wanda spoke, a frown on her face. "It's always in the same place. Outside the door and hardly touched. There are a few crumbs and such missing, but that's hardly noticeable unless you have good eyesight."
"I like this man." Loki commented to Thor. Thor's eyes widened as he looked between weapons on the small table and his sister.
“Right,” Tony sighed, before looking at some pictures that were hung loosely on the walls, “So, Spider-Boy, how would you like to come live with Avengers and I?”
Slamming his bedroom door, Peter pulled on his black hoodie that Uncle Ben had gotten him. "Mister Peter," a familiar, British voice spoke. "Your vitals are erratic, shall I contact someone for you?"
Shrugging, the boy pulled his feet up onto the cushioned seating beside him. "If you're expecting me to say 'I'm fine' or 'good', then you have another thing coming," he spoke softly, tiredness wretched into his voice.
"Hey, Nat?" Clint called out. Walking into their shared bedroom, Barton found his partner on their bed, tying her short hair back out of her face.
(Also, like all the rest of the chapters these are unedited, so if you see a mistake, please let me know and when I go through and edit it all, I will fix it. Thank you.)
“H-Hi, Mr. Stark.” Peter stuttered, his slightly wincing as his voice cracked an octave higher. Smiling, Tony looked up from the conversation, turning to the young Parker.
Unpacking his clothes, he placed his shirts in one drawer, pants in the next. Underwear followed next in a separate drawer. After dealing with his small amount of clothes, he walked back towards his bag and pulled out a few posters and small pictures in frames. Hanging around the random posters of science-y things, (like Aunt May would call it), he sat on his bed with a heave.
Peter's heart dropped. Those were the six exact words that ruined Peter's life. He thought that he had escaped that, by moving to a different school but he was wrong, for stupid Flash found out and won't drop it. He had gotten used to it though, learning to deal with the bullying and pain for years. But once he thought he had escaped it completely, reality comes crashing down on him.
"Language, Tony!" Steve clicked his tongue. Clint and Bruce chuckled, rolling their eyes at the small inside joke.
Everyone piled food onto their plates, Peter, Steve, and the two brothers went back for their seconds before anyone was halfway finished with their first. The group laughed, telling jokes and whatnot, that is, until Stark decided to break out a couple cold ones.
Shaking his head, Peter walked over to the shop with Wade, noticing how famished he was as well. This tiny snack could hold them over until they get to eat back at the Tower. The Avengers, and co, decided to just order food in instead of making a big deal like the year before Peter arrived -- which he was still confused about. Something to do with chicken, eggnog, and fondue..?
Upon arriving, Spider-Man nearly gasped at the sight of people inside. There were shit tons, holy hell. Social anxiety activated.
Once that was done, Wade moved onto his ankle. Taking another rolled covering, the older wrapped it around his ankle tightly, making sure to have a good amount of pressure to it. Now wrapped, Wade pulled down Peter's shirts and scooted up the couch. Taking a clean washcloth, Wade poured some of the water from the bottle onto it, making it damp.
Bruce glanced up at the chair in front of him. "That's Thor's chair, I'm sure he wouldn't mind if you sat in it for today. We can get you a chair for tomorrow." the scientist reassured.
"Was trying to hide the fact that you're transgender?" Natasha offered in a hush voice as she raised a poised eyebrow.
." Wade hissed to himself. "Yes, I know they're staring -- yes they think we're craz-- oh you mother
ii - I do apologize for the language in this book. Fair warning; there will probably be more of the sorts in upcoming chapters. Just a head's up.
"But... why?" he whispered out the question like it was suppose to be frowned upon. Peter heard, and felt, The Avenger sigh. Pulling away, she looked the boy in his eyes; her green eyes reflecting off of his ones of hazel.
Not even three minutes later, the older woman arrived in a black fuzzy sweater with white reindeer's in a printed line. Her hair was parted to the side, and she had a bag full of gifts in her hand. "When is the food going to be here?!" Wade called out theatrically, still on the floor. Peter gave up on trying to get him up, so, he just plopped down on the floor beside of him.
Thor, however, stayed to the side. His once bright eyes looked somewhat dazed and a thousand yards away ever since the Avenger's makeshift therapy session. Loki stayed by her brother's side too, though. She was unmoving, but her thoughts were set to rapid fire mode.
A loud sigh was heard from the other side of the door. Hitting record on his camera, Clint held back his laughter as the door opened to reveal a
"Bruce," Natasha spoke softly, trying to calm down the doctor. She knew that if he got to angry over this whole situation, or panicked for that matter, that it wouldn't be Banner anymore. It would be the other guy -- and that would be a big problem. "I need you to listen, okay?"
. He could hardly see from his teared vision. Slowly, he began to take one step back, and then another. The voice of Tony calling after him becoming fainter and fainter, the sound of his sobbing becoming increasingly louder as he gasped for air.
Mr. Stark was talking about Peter before he changed. He thought he had a sister instead. He didn’t know about his ‘issue’. A breath of relief washed over his face before looking down at his lap, deciding to play this out instead of telling him like planned before.
There he was, Tony Stark in his living room eating a scone and chatting it up with Aunt May. ‘Oh my god’ Peter thought, trying to contain his excitement.
"Got it--" Bruce spoke, his voice filled with concern for the 'unknown' person. With that, Clint hung up the phone, stuffed it in his pocket, and ran over to Natasha and the unconscious boy.
Looking up, Natasha took note of the red chafing makers under his breasts, on his sides, and under his armpits. "Jesus, Pete.." she whispered under her breath. "All right," she said a bit louder, "Hop up on the counter."
"You said you wanted to see me?" he asked, his hands in the back of his jean pockets. Today, like any other day, he was sporting his usual baggy graphic t (and a loose sports bra, following the strict orders from Nat to not wear his binder), blue jeans (that didn't hug his hips), and his warn out tennis shoes.
"How about we go in here, shop for a little, then we'll catch a bite to eat?" Natasha offered, seeing both of them were carrying bags of clothing from different stores in both arms. Nodding vigorously, Peter agreed and they stepped inside the store. Unlike all the other stores, no one was there to greet them when they entered -- which, both were thankful for. They had enough social interaction today as is.
"N-No.." he interrupted with a whisper. A single tear fell down his cheek. "No -- no.." he choked, out once more; this time, sounding more strangled. Just like Uncle Ben's scream had been.
Coming back out with his mask in hand and folded clothes in the other, Parker handed the clothes back to the mercenary. "Thank you, Wade. Really." Peter smiled up at him gratefully. "You didn't have to do this -- any of this, but, you did. You aren't really a bad guy, you know."
"Well, it depends on the situation. If you are asking Loki to help Peter with his bodily issues, then more or likely very willingly," he replied.
Michelle, somehow, was already dressed and sitting on the first row of bleachers. "Hey, losers." she greeted, nodding her head from where she was reading her book. It was a miracle that you could catch her without the thing. Parker and Leeds walked over to Jones and sat down beside her, waiting for their coach to begin talking.
Ned's heart seemed to stop mid-beat as it sunk from his stomach to the cold, ground. His hand went over his mouth as he felt the sudden need for the toilet. Pushing off the barstool -- it falling over behind him, as he rushed off towards the bathroom.
under his breath as he leaned over and grabbed one of the wet washrags. Dipping it into the pink bowl, he began to slowly wash the wounds. At this point, he couldn't tell if some of them were from Dash (Rash -- whoever), or if they were from Peter's old binder. Peter jerked when the cloth ran over the now-opened stitches.
"Why's that?" he questioned as he measured out the length of the wood, marked it, and repeated the process for the the metal. "No good dreams?"
It was only a couple of hours later when Tony Stark awoke on his leather couch with a pounding headache. He, at first, assumed he was hungover, but only realized that he hasn't had a drink since Peter arrived -- therefore, he was
Doing so, the male only winced slightly. He then looked over at Romanoff, watching her as she unzipped the red first aid bag, digging around for something unknown. With a small 'Aha!' from the auburn female, she pulled some sort of ointment. Setting down next to the boy, she walked over towards the hand towels, grabbed one, and dampened it via sink water. Ringing most of it out, she then instructed Parker to lift his arms so she could get better access. Obliging, Peter closed his eyes tightly as Natasha gently pressed the wet rags over the marks.
being hurt. "So, the weather, am I right?" It took all of Wade to not sigh audibly and face palm himself into next week.
"It's fine. But that's not what I came here to talk about. Peter, why were you so overwhelmed back at the table?"
Unlike before, the music was turned down softly. Glancing over, Natasha bit her bottom lip. "I'm really sorry about what happened back there, you--"
Nodding his head, Parker slowly took an inhale of air as Wade cleaned up around his nose, making sure that all blood was gone. Whilst he was doing this, he noticed that some of the small and minor scrapes and cuts were healing over quite nicely, due to the fact of Peter's healing factor.
Opening the window, Peter climbed out of the small apartment bedroom, leaving the glass cracked slightly. Jumping off the small lift, he shot off his webs, swinging from one building to another.
Not even ten minutes later, Mr. Stark left his apartment, going to prepare Peter’s room. Aunt May, of course, agreed that the young man could stay with the billionair, as long as he kept up his grades and continued to make friends.
Thor nodded from his sister's side. "You do have a point, sister. But, at this moment, this is the only plan that we have gathered. If we do not act with haste, I'm afraid that something drastic might happen."
“Why me? There is a bunch of others out there that are a lot cooler than someone like.. Well.. me.” he explained, motioning with his hands as he explained.
i - I have never been inside Forever21, but I have shopped through their men's section via online; what I say about their floral patterns still stand.
“Genius, Billionaire, Playboy, Philanthropist,” he had answered quickly during their spat on the Helicarrier, brown eyes dancing with fight and fury and something he could only describe as
“You know, you could sound a bit more enthusiastic,” Tony said, reloading the needle gun in two rapid movements. “You sound like that impostor, Siri.”
They settle into an easy, almost instinctive rhythm, Steve thrusting, Tony rising to meet him. Their groins are slick with sweat and precome. Tony’s sure that if they had bothered to get some lube, they wouldn’t have lasted half as long. It’s like someone’s turned a dial up on his senses. Wherever Steve touches him, his cock rubbing against Tony’s, is like someone lit a bundle of matches. He’s so hot, he’s sure his skin is smoking. He can hear everything. The hum of electricity present throughout his tower if you listened hard enough, Steve’s muttered curses, the wetness of Steve’s cock rocking against his.
More pressure on his thigh now. Tony was prepared this time, resuming his conversation with Bruce. He took a sip of his water to hide his smirk as he caught Steve's furrowed brow out the corner of his eye.
It was lonelier in Malibu than he was wroth to admit. Especially in his workshop. Tony kept on waiting for Steve to wander down, sketchbook in one hand and a plate of food in the other. Those had been some of the best moments between them. Just the two of them in the beautiful chaos of Tony’s workshop, both of them lost in their respective art. Tony had never asked what Steve was drawing while he sat in the workshop, but whenever Tony had resumed working, he couldn’t help but get the sneaking suspicion that a pair of eyes was fixed resolutely on him the entire time. But why would Steve ever draw him? And in the workshop of all places?
“Consider me a guide, Steven.” Steve took in the awful, yet familiar gaunt crimson skull of Johann Schmidt shrouded in tattered robes and felt a hysterical laugh building inside of him. Of all the people he had met, loved, and hated, Red
Steve was a prince, and theirs was a traditional kingdom. All his life, he had been raised with the notion that he was greater than the average man, meant for more than plowing fields. So for a peasant, no matter how lovely, to call him by his name like they were equals…
Tony stared at him with blurry, yet unblinking brown eyes, before sighing.“Please don’t tell Clint.”
“And what do you want?” Tony whispered, that familiar thread of tension coiling in his groin. Judging by the bulge he can feel even through the thick layers of the stealth suit, fuck, Tony had a good idea of what Steve wanted, but he still wanted to hear him say it.
Pepper's eyes soften. "Tell you what," she begins, "since you're so adamant on working too hard to have some fun, how about I do it for you?"
Tony to take him back into his mouth like he needed air to breathe. He could barely think over the cloud of lust that had descended on his brain.
"What's your location?" Natasha asks curtly, cutting off whatever Steve was going to say. Tony can hear gunfire in the background, and hurried commands barked out in Russian.
“I didn’t mean to offend you,” Steve continued. “I’m sure you are fine company, and I would like…I would like to experience it for myself.”
They toss their trash and pick up their respective prizes they won throughout the day, Natasha with her light-up sword, Clint with his stuffed dog. Thor's lion hat from the strongman game sits proudly atop his head. Tony wants to make a joke about Hercules, but he also doesn't want to deal with the guaranteed headache he'll get when Thor replies with some mind-bending statement like he and Hercules are gym bros or other. Tony and Steve walk side by side, far behind the rest of their little group, bears in one hand, their free hands brushing with each step.
The hunting party consisted of his father, who simply arched a brow at the sight of Steve, Rumlow, Bucky (thank the gods), one of Steve's favorite guards, Sir Timothy Dugan, and various other lords of his father's High Council.
Peter shrugged as he set Steve’s table for his morning meal. “Perhaps his Majesty has more planned and wants to make the most of the day.”
“I’ll see you again. Hopefully, not too soon.” He could feel her form fading until his arms were cradling nothing but air. When he opened his eyes, she was gone.
It was like he had been completely submerged in water. The world had dropped from beneath his feet and he was sinking or falling or both, both Rhodey and Erin’s voices coming out muffled and distorted. He couldn’t move no matter how hard he willed himself too. His hands and legs—everything—had shut down. Everything except his heart. No
He doesn't know why he's telling Steve this. It's not a case of Tony being self-centered, looking at fan art of himself (and the other Avengers). It's just...kids are so pure and
A hologram was projected onto the doors. “Captain Rogers, please try to breathe in time with this video.”
The cheap cotton sheets are starting to stick to his back, tacky with sweat, and all thoughts of Siberia and even Germany cease to exist in the whirlpool that is Tony’s mind. Instead he focuses on the sound of the singer’s voice, soft and sweet like stepping into a pool on a hot summer day. There’s a bitter undercurrent to her voice as the lyrics of her song sink into him and register in his brain.
“Then don’t run,” Steve says, his voice sounding all dark and gritty. “Don’t run, and I’ll give you everything you fucking want, just don’t run away from me,
The others are too far back to see Tony and Steve. It's easy up here, easy to forget that Steve's Captain America and Tony's a barely functioning former alcoholic with a slew of mental issues.
Tony stops in his tracks and immediately wants to do a full 180 back to his workshop and not come out for a good ten, twenty years.
All around the kitchen (and living area), was streamers ranging from white to red to pinks, and hearts plastered on the walls, and balloons on ever surface. But, the most delicate, and time consuming, decoration was the handmade heart banner going from one end of the kitchen counter to the other that read
in a place where people got worried and upset a lot. Because of this, he was lost in a sea of people.
"Hey, Wade." Peter smiled softly at the masked mercenary who was now walking into the kitchen (where everyone happened to be at the moment). "I thought you were going to go and pick up Aunt May?" Peter then asked Tony. Stark's eyes went wide before grabbing the keys and running off into the direction of the door, shouting a loud 'shit!'.
Wade chuckled, his voice deep, but his tone lighthearted. "Why thank you, young spiderling. And you can keep the clothes, they look better on you anyways." Spidey blushed a light shade of pink at that. "But," Wade rose an eyebrow (though, Parker couldn't tell), "When you get home, I want you to take that blasted binder off and get some shut eye. You need it."
As soon as Bruce left, the sound of heavy footsteps began to get closer and closer. Eyes furrowing, he looked up from his half completed project. There, in the doorway, was a panting and dishevelled Clint Barton. "Oh my god I need to get into better shape."
Parker sighed. "I get your point, Wade." Wilson smiled happily at that, giving his partner a big, toothy grin. Peter rolled his eyes as he reached over the arm console and grabbed Wade's hand, mindlessly carding his fingers into his. Blushing the slightest red, Peter couldn't tell if it was because of him or the cold weather -- he guessed the latter. "Now," he smiled looking at his beautiful boyfriend. "Let's go because, like you said, it's going to be packed to the max."
"I agree." Banner chimed in, as he looked up at Natasha sincerely. "Peter is family, and family shouldn't judge a person for being who they are -- and it would make him no less of a man to have a chest."
Opening the door completely, Natasha nearly banged her head against the wall. "ты, черт возьми, издеваешься надо мной,"
Huffing, he slipped on a pair of jeans, before he struggled with his binder. While his body was still damp, the chest reducting binder caused friction against his body and the clothing, making him huff and puff as he pulled it down over his ‘area’.
"You know," Natasha raised an eyebrow, an amused expression on her face, "You don't have to be so...
Snacking on the small food, Peter sighed happily as he held tightly onto his boyfriend's hand. He wore a happy smile on his face, though he was worried about what to get Deadpool. That's when an idea popped into his idea. Finishing his pretzel, Peter excused himself for the bathroom. Wilson pouted, but obliged. Parker walked around the corner towards the restrooms, and once he was out of view, he booked it towards the jewelers.
I would just like to apologize for the late update. I was sorta having a little writers block for this. I know where I want to go with this story, it's just typing it out that I'm having trouble with.
Natasha nearly banged her head on the table. "Back to the main focus here -- Peter is dating Wade Wilson? The infamous 'Merc With A Mouth'?"
Hello lovelies, I would just like to thank you for all the support and love on this book. It truly brings tears to my eyes. When I first started this book, I didn't think anyone would read it, let alone actually enjoy it! Seeing and reading all these comments makes me so happy, I cannot express the words that I feel in such a small space to write.
Natasha rolled her eyes, a small smile on her face, "Thank you, Wanda. Really. Let's keep this between us, alright?" Nodding her head, the witch watched as Clint and Natasha ran off into the lab with a, still, comatose Peter Parker.
Not five minutes later and Natasha had parked the car and started to help Barton with grabbing Peter. Once more, a grunt escaped the boys mouth. Taking the back entrance, the three rode up in the elevator, and as the door opened, Nat cursed under her breath.
"Pedestrian Ben Parker was shot and killed when Burglar, unknown, broke into their house. Pedestrian, Ben Parker, called out the robber but was, unfortunately, shot in the heart by said robber. (flip to page 3 for more info)"
Once more, the new housemate gulped. However, this time, it felt like his breath caught in his throat half way through it all. "O-Oh, I was just.." he trailed off trying to find an excuse, but, unfortunately, came up empty handed.
Eye widening slightly, Peter nearly choked on his food. 'Have they found out?' 'What gave it away?' 'Are they going to kick me out?' 'Will I have t--'
"You weren't aware?" the lady questioned with a thick southern accent. Romanoff shook her head as they neared the cell door. The lady laughed, shaking her head, as she opened the cell door to reveal two people.
Currently, Loki was in the living room with the rest of the Avengers. Ned, however, stayed put in Peter's room, fearful of what the superheroes would say (or do) to him once they found out the truth.
"ENOUGH!" Steve yelled, breaking the group into a silence. "Everyone needs to SHUT UP! We are all here to help Peter and Ned, right?" The group silently nodded their heads. "Right. So can we
Wade's eyes widened even more. "Like 'how Britney Spears loved her hair in '07' kind of like or 'leprechauns being greedy shits with their gold' kind of like?" Peter stared up at the male with confusion in his face.
"Like it?" Peter repeated spinning around with wide eyes, "I love it! It's amazing! Thank you, Mr. Stark." Peter smiled brightly with a laugh.
was he? Anxiety started to creep in as Peter tried to force his heavy eyelids open. But every time he tried, a strong pain fluttered through his head. Finally, on the fourth try, his eyes opened slightly. Immediately closing them, he mentally winced at the bright lights. Slowly reopening them, he let his eyes adjust to the drastic change of lights.
Peter's heart fluttered. Why was his stomach suddenly twisting? There was a lump in his throat as he texted back. 'I mean, you could always stop by the tower...
Seeming to read his mind, Wanda spoke from one of the copious couches. "Peter, this isn't your fault. You did not know that that was Michelle."
ALSO; in case you may not know, I have created a Spotify playlist, and board on Pinterest, for the book! You don't have to look at them, nor listen to any of the music, but, I thought it would be a good way to set the mood and future plot for the book!
A stray tear fell from Peter's cheek at his aunt's words. "Why didn't you tell me?" he questioned, his voice laced with heaps of emotions. "I could have helped you get better -- I
Peter simply watched as the doctors all shared a sad glanced with each other as they pulled up the white bed sheet above Aunt May's face after countless minutes of CPR and other things. "Please -- NO!"
Aimlessly wondering around the store, the two Avengers found their way into the men's section. Going through different racks, Peter and Natasha had a decent amount of clothing arranging from button ups to sweaters to graphic ts. Smiling triumphantly, the two headed towards the changing rooms. Outside of them, however, was an woman around her mid forties. Seeing that she had a customer, she exited off the computer screen and walked around to where she was in front of the desk. "How many items?" she spoke in a monotone voice, as if she was bored. Ignoring the tone of voice, Peter spoke up and answered her.
Sensing this, Wade grabbed Peter's clothed hand and squeezed it reassuringly. Glancing up, the younger boy nodded his head with a small smile and a deep breath. "Alright," he spoke, his confidence being slowly restored, "I need to get Tony, Steve, Wanda, and Bruce's gifts. As well as Thor, Loki, Nat, and Clint."
A few seconds later, the red haired female peaked her head from around the corner of the room. "Yes?" she questioned, too scared to come out fully.
Once again, thank you so much for all the overwhelming support. From someone who's not used to having this much attention/love thrown at, it feels somewhat amazing (is that the right word? idfk but it is what it is).
Peter heard Ned's breath hitch when those words were spoken, as well as his own. Even though he was Spider-Man, and could own the whole school, nobody else here knew that (except for MJ and Ned, of course). "You know the drill," Flash talked once more, his annoying voice almost echoing in the loud gym. Clapping his hands together for dramatic effect, Flash turned his back and began to walk towards the center. Looking over his shoulder, he raised an eyebrow. Jumping up with fright, the class followed after him towards the middle -- Peter, Ned, and Michelle following them slowly in the back.
Parker held back an angry scream as the familiar of something wet pricked at the back of his eyes. Turning on his foot, he went to his room and grabbed his duffel bag. Throwing it on his bed, he gathered as much of his old stuff as he could.
“Peter! Mr. Stark is here!” May shouted from the downstairs, making the poor boy jump from the sudden loud noise.
"I'm glad you like it, baby boy." Wade smiled softly down at his boyfriend. Placing the empty boxes and access wrapping paper aside, the two climbed under the covers and held each other tightly, too afraid to let go. Placing his chin on Peter's head, the younger boy sighed of content. Looking up, Peter stared up at Wade. He was all he could ask for.
Aunt May stood their for a moment, an emotionless expression upon her face before she grinned a toothy grin. "Well, I wouldn't expect you two, seeing that you were busy sharing saliva with dear Wade over here." Peter tried his best to hide a smile as he pulled away from his boyfriend.
Inky brown eyes look up at him from beneath a mop of chocolate curls. “You’re not going to tell me what to do?”
However, Tony didn’t account for the sudden friendship between Steve and Natasha, the traitor. (He doesn’t know when she stopped being just Romanov in his head.)
The water has turned his hair, darkening it from gold to honey. Tony’s stomach lurches as his eyes go down from Steve’s face...to the planes of his chest...and his thighs and—
It's like he, Steve, and Thor have a telepathic link with how well they fight together, making quick work of the HYDRA agents and their alien weapons. "
“Shower later?” he asks, his words thick and syrupy from post-orgasmic bliss and the sudden need for a nap. It’s a struggle to keep his eyes open, but he doesn’t want to stop looking at Steve’s handsome face. His perfectly coiffed blond hair is mussed. Steve’s skin has taken on a peachy, damn near radiant glow. “Nap first,” Steve says.
Steve inhaled as the line began to extend again, holding once it reached its final shape, and exhaled as it began to fold back onto itself. He repeated the exercise for what felt like hours until his heart beat reached its resting rate and the tremor in his hands started to subside. A current of air began to blow, cooling Steve’s heated skin. “…Thank you, JARVIS,” he said tiredly. “Can you…not tell Tony about this?”
"I will," he says, aware that they're watching him more closely now. He hopes that he doesn't look as unsound as he feels. "But why leave just yet? Don't you guys want to check out some of the booths or rides before we leave?"
Okay, they could probably come up with a better pun. But all the less, were he a religious man, he would’ve thanked God that he had decided to don a hoodie, sunglasses, and baseball cap himself today.
Tony’s ready to metaphorically and physically throw up his hands at this point. “There’s no winning with you is there? No matter what, you’re gonna think you’re right. You’re gonna think signing the Accords was to barter away our freedom and destroying an airport was perfectly justified and leaving me to
Tony blinked, looking incredibly small in his blanket. “You seem mad but like twenty jokes just went through my head and not saying them might literally kill me.”
But Tony remembers how Steve fought by his side like a demon, like the god of war himself. What he saw today scratched the surface of how far Steve Rogers would go for someone he loved.
It was his media smile. Years of interacting with Tony had taught him the difference. His real smile made his eyes crinkle and even though they were currently shrouded by rose-tinted sunglasses, Steve knew the skin around his eyes was smooth.
Tony had missed lunch and their daily team dinner. Steve knew he shouldn’t have been too worried. Tony kept food in his workshop for nights like this when the call of invention is too strong to ignore. It’s not enough, though, not to Steve. Tony’s a grown man; he can take care of himself. That doesn’t stop Steve from wanting to do it for him, to pick up where Tony slacks like a…friend
“What do you mean?” Bucky asked, brows furrowed. “Regardless if it was in bad taste, he’s still your gift. You can do as you please with him.”
and true to his word, Tony doesn't hold back. He fists his hands into Steve's hair and bucks his hips forward, savoring the warmth. Steve takes his cock like he was made for it, his big hands settling on Tony's thighs in a bruising grip.
The final patient was another woman, named Hailey, who couldn’t have been no older than twenty-one. Their therapist, AJ was a sprightly woman with dark blue hair cut into a pixie cut and wide, innocent looking eyes. Once they had all introduced themselves, AJ had thrown her hands out wide and said, “Welcome to art therapy! And yes, it is a valid form of therapy, your doctor wasn’t pulling your leg.”
Steve starts to object, but Natasha is one second faster. "I did want to beat Clint at Shoot 'em Up," she says with a smirk.
They're off to a good start. Even Natasha looks pleased, or as pleased as she can be, with her arms crossed in front of her. She's taking in their surroundings too, but Tony knows that a part of her isn't doing it for fun. She's looking for enemies, escape routes, any possible threats to her and the others.
. He had pushed his muscles to their limit, his nerves crying out in protest at every punch, kick, and thrashing movement. But he had to keep
With a sudden surge of daring, Tony steps off from where he'd been leaning against the wall and slides onto Steve's lap. Steve lets him, his hands settling on Tony's hips like they belong there. Tony wraps his arms around his neck and leans in.
In no time at all, Steve had Tony bent over his desk, pants around his ankles and two fingers grazing against his prostate.
Tony arches a brow. “The same could be said for you. What, you left all the kids at home while you’re running errands?”
, he has a soft spot for orphans. He still can’t help but feel like Pepper has some ulterior motive.
coin. He’s one of Madam Natalia’s, and if it gets out that one of her clients went back on a transaction…”
Tony's hands found Steve's body easily, palming Steve's rapidly swelling cock through his trousers. Just one kiss, one touch, and Tony had set him on fire. Steve deepened the kiss and slipped his tongue into Tony's mouth. Tony welcomed him eagerly, and Steve savored the little moans that escaped. Those sounds were for
Mind made up, he said, “If it’s alright with SHIELD, I wouldn’t mind doing missions. As long as they let me stay at the Tower.”
The Ancient One—Brita—placed her hand atop his. “Steve,” she said softly, “I’m sorry. But it was necessary. This timeline, it would have been doomed if you did not live.”
“Alright fine,” he replied, raising his hands. “I surrender, Iron Patriot.” Tony lowered his hands and leaned in closer to Rhodey. “But…what’s really going on, Rhodey? With the Mandarin? Seriously, can we talk about this guy?”
“Can I?” Tony begins, unsure of how to continue. He’d never been shy during sex, but what he and Steve were doing, as much as Tony stomped it down, felt
He dressed quickly with Peter’s assistance and murmured his thanks when the boy set his meal before him. Cook had spoiled him today with baked salmon, a hearty loaf of bread, and soft creamy cheese as a spread. He didn’t miss the longing way Peter stared at his plate as he cut at his salmon.
Tony had him, hook, line, and sinker. "Well how would you feel if your wonderful, amazing, ridiculously hot boyfriend came back after a life-endangering mission and only wanted to focus on paperwork," Tony said.
Steve looks down at the Iron Bear, and what he says next might actually make Tony melt into a puddle. "Nah. Couldn't bear to give him up."
Bruce chuckles, but it's not a happy sound. Tony's familiar with it enough to know that it's chock full of bitterness.
Tony looked over to his left where U had been left in charge of the camera. “Start tight and go wide, stamp in time. Mark 42 autonomous prehensile propulsion suit test. Initialize sequence.” Tony raised his hands and the suit hummed to life.
Guilt settled deep in his stomach. He hadn't meant to ignore his friends; the HYDRA tech had just taken top priority.
At first, he felt nothing, like he had been severed from his body completely. Then someone started screaming.
“You like when I call you a slut? Oh, but it’s just for me, isn’t that right?” Steve’s voice had taken on a wild edge like he stood on that precipice that separated humans from beasts. Tony's fingers ached from clutching at the corners of the desk, but it was a good ache, one that he welcomed. No doubt the rest of his body would be deliciously sore as well. He’d just make Steve massage him afterward.
Steve’s hand leaves Tony’s thigh and slides up to the small of his back. Some of the tension leaves his shoulders as he leans back into Steve’s touch. Tony doesn’t know what Steve wants. He doesn’t know if their little tryst was just that or if there was room for more. Tony doesn’t like not knowing things. But he’ll let Steve have this, for now.
He didn't know where this sudden bout of earnestness had come from, but lying here...with soft grass beneath them, as naked as the day they were born and the sun warming their bodies...Steve felt as if he could tell Tony anything.
Steve couldn’t hear them over the rush of blood in his ears Where was he? When was he? And Tony—why was Tony there? Tony was dead, dead, dead—
Steve does so willingly, easing out of the bed and taking Tony's offered hand. Tony leads him into his bathroom, trying his best to ignore the heat of Steve's stare on his ass.
Bucky shrugged. “He might surprise you. But if you’re so determined to have no fun, I’ll arrange for him to be sent back to the
Steve, Tony, and Bruce adjust to life after the Battle of New York and living in the tower together.
Tony looks at each of them head-on, noting the way Natasha’s slender fingers dance over the cotton and Thor’s curious gaze as he inspects the true to life runes Tony had painstakingly copied from the real-life Mjolnir. Bruce looks at the fist clutching the beaker on his shirt like it holds all the secrets to the universe, and Steve—Steve’s not looking at the shirt at all. He’s looking at Tony. Of course, he is.
“Look at you,” Steve said, filth continuing to pour forth from his lips as Tony bobbed his head along the length of Steve’s cock. His jaw was starting to ache, both drool and pre-come leaking from the corners of his mouth but Tony couldn’t care less; he was floating on a cloud, his body still riding the blissful high his orgasm had given him. Steve could do anything he wanted right now, and Tony wouldn’t fight him at all.
Tony cups Steve's face in his hands. "But you're still fighting," Tony says softly. "The second you stop, that's when they win. That's when there's no coming back." His thumb brushes over Steve's cheek, wiping away a stray eyelash. Sitting this close, Steve looked so
Bruce is staring down at his plate, poking absentmindedly at his pasta with his fork. "I don't think I should go," he says.
Steve frowned, not afraid to let his distaste show. Castle servants, while still servants, had easier lives than the peasants who toiled in the fields, so how was it, his personal manservant was only eating two meals a day?
Steve’s kisses are sloppy, almost desperate, but if anything, it just winds Tony up more. It’s like he’s fallen ill, with a feverish heat spreading throughout his body in waves. His heart pounds so loudly, it nearly drowns out the words Steve murmurs when he finally pulls away from Tony.
“Like hell it is,” Tony snaps, anxiety creeping up on him like a thief. “You’re not the only one who was worried today. If you’re willing to lay your life down for me, at least respect me enough to let me do the same.”
The heat of the shower works wonders on Tony’s muscles. He stands directly under the spray letting the water cascade down his back. He’s proud of himself. For the longest, after escaping from that awful cave, he couldn’t stand the sight of water, let alone submerge himself in it.
. The way Steve's looking at him like he wants to eat him whole makes him pause. If he's not careful, they'll spend another hour getting lost in each other, he's sure of it.
"Just got a headache," Tony says, stepping out from his booth, giving Jake a wave. Jake waves back, trying his best not to look starstruck at the sight of the other Avengers.
Ana leans down to Tony and whispers conspiratorially, “It’s like apple pie, but better because it has cream cheese.”
Tony closed his eyes, a soft groan escaping his lips. A dark, teasing part of him wanted to hesitate and see what Steve would do. Would he grow impatient and fist those big hands in Tony’s hair? Would he grind Tony’s face into his groin and force him to take it? Just the mere thought of the scenarios had Tony’s cock hardening in his uniform.
