Before Dean could even reply, Cas dropped to his knees, undoing the alpha's jeans, pulling out his half hard cock. The omega looked up at his new mate as he licked the whole length of his cock. He flicked his tongue up the slit, making Dean breathless.
"What do you mean you can't play it?" Cas snapped over the phone. "You told me it would be no problem."
"Thanks, Sammy," Dean said, ruffling Sam's hair.
"Love you too."
The omega complied, getting on the bed, wiggling his ass. Dean cursed under his breath. He quickly undressed and stood behind Cas, massaging the perky ass of the teenager.
"No one is home!" Cas exclaimed, once they were in view of the house.
"Thank you," Cas replied, smiling.
"Hey there buddy," Dean chuckled, ruffling Jack's hair.
"I don't wanna," Cas whined. "It's too early."
When Cas opened the door, he was surprised to see who was standing there.
"We should get to class before we're counted late," Mick told Cas.
"Castiel, come meet some of my friends," Naomi mentioned, pulling Cas from the couch.
Cas tucked a strand of hair behind his daughters ear and kissed her forehead before getting up quietly to leave her to sleep. He softly closed the door and turned around to go to his room but was startled by Gabriel standing there.
"Dean," Cas moaned out. "Yes."
"No, of course not, sweetie," Mary assured him.
By the evening, all the teens were there. Each of them had a private room, which Dean was very grateful for. They decided to all play games and drink.
"Fine. You're an adult and you have the right to do whatever you want, but you're still my baby brother and I need to protect you."
"Once you do, John will help bring over the crib," Mary replied.
"Sorry, padre," Dean apologized to the pastor as the guests laughed.
"I know."
"Is there anything that could've caused the contractions? Maybe like stress?" Naomi queried, side-eyeing Dean.
"Look at her. Our daughter," Dean whispered, letting Cas hold her.
Cas' older brothers showed up and waited in the waiting room hoping everything goes well. Not too much later, Dean's parents arrived. All of them were nervous. They pretty much held their breath, waiting to see the newborn.
Gabe hugged his brother. "I know, Cas. I know. But we'll make memories in this house. Besides, maybe you'll make some friends at this school."
Cas nodded and went to find his mother. When he saw her talking to a female alpha and a female beta, he went over and pulled her into the kitchen.
"You know, our family has a lot of connections," Michael hinted.
The alpha chuckled. "Let's get some sleep."
"Are you going to tell me or not?" Meg whispered back.
The alpha's phone went off next to him. He grabbed the phone to see who it was. It was a text from Charlie.
The omega turned around to look at Dean. "Thank you. I don't want to be arguing with you about this."
The setting sun shines in the '67 Chevy Impala, waking the older Winchester brother. He blinked a few times to reevaluate where he was. Dean sat up straight in the back seat of the black car, stretching. His younger brother, Sam, was still asleep in the front seat, leaning against the passenger window, next to their father.
Cas looked to see who pushed Dean. Gabriel was facing them, a proud smirk on his face. Cas gave his brother a dirty look, making Gabe chuckle and skate back over to Michael and Adam.
"I love you," the alpha proclaimed.
"So, it's Friday," Charlie started, after everyone was seated. "Who's going to the game?"
"Your beard is tickling me," Cas laughed.
"Who is the only one that gets to fuck you?" Dean asked, hitting his prostate continuously.
Cas came with a cry, grabbing onto Dean's back, waves of pleasure coursing through him, making him spasm, his omega cock spurting the last of the white liquid.
"Yes, alpha."
"Dean," Cas warned.
"Wait. What? You haven't had sex with anyone since me?"
After arriving back at the Novak house, Dean walked Cas to the front door, holding his hand.
"Oh," Cas realized, trying to cover himself with the door from the alpha's gaze. "It's, uh, nice to meet you."
Dean's heart swelled. He smiled. "Thank you, sweetheart."
I'm sorry I haven't updated in quite a while. I've been writing a lot though. I hope you enjoy this chapter. I know my writing isn't that great.
"We really owe my family big time," Cas breathed a laugh, looking around the room.
The pregnant omega sat up slowly, rubbing the sleepy dust out of his eyes. Dean handed Cas a pair of underwear and a tshirt.
"Doctor, why would you want candy when you have me to attend to," Cas said, looking up at Dean.
"No, you don't," Dean smirked. He reached over and caressed Cas' cheek. "I know you love me."
The omega smiled at Dean. The alpha looked so happy. He was finally able to feel the movement.
"Well, um, I... I just haven't found the right one," Cas stuttered.
"I'm mature," Dean hiccuped. "Hey, Cas?"
Adding a finger next to his tongue, the alpha started stretching Cas' hole, prepping him to take his knot.
"I'm going to take a hot shower first. Would you like to join me?" Cas asks.
"Woo! Go get them boys!" Charlie yelled.
"Forget it."
"I'll have a beer. Whatever is on tap is fine. And he'll have an iced tea," Dean ordered.
Thanksgiving Day
Dean read as Cas skimmed through the journal. Every entry talked about school, friends, hating his parents and of course his crush on Dean.
"Can I touch your tummy?" Hannah asked, looking up at her brother.
"No, no," Dean replied, stopping Cas. "You need to rest. My mom already told you that you didn't need to help."
"Lisa," The alpha breathed out, feeling like he got hit in the gut.
"Yes," Cas whispered. "He ran after me to try and explain everything, but I couldn't...."
"What's wrong, honeybee?" Cas asked, fixing her hair.
"You can come now, baby boy," Dean said softly.
"For an extra $250," the beta offered.
"Of course." Dean smiled, kissing the omega softly.
"What happened? Is Cas okay?" Mary questioned her son, still hugging him.
"Hello?" Dean answered.
"Sounds perfect," the omega said, smiling.
Cas rubbed his eyes. "Yeah, I didn't get much sleep either."
"No, babe. This is going to be our special time and this will be a lot more romantic than California."
"You'll just have to wait," Cas said, grabbing his suitcase to start adding what he bought. "Go to the living room or something so I can hide these in my case."
"I love fucking your tight ass," Dean said, snapping his hips harder.
"Look at this, Dean," Cas said, showing the alpha the phone.
"Daddy, how much longer until we get to Uncle Gabriel's?" The six year old asked, kicking her feet anxiously.
"Just take it easy, babe. I don't want you to go all bridezilla on me."
The omega was too focused to noticed a figure walking towards him until the person sat besides him under the tree. He took his headphones off, looking next to him at the stranger.
"Are you sure that's what you want?" Dean questioned.
Later that night, after putting Claire down to sleep, Cas joined Dean in the living room. The alpha had his feet propped up, flipping through channels on the tv. Cas straddled Dean and grabbed the remote from him to turn the tv off. Dean's hand rested on Cas' hips.
"You look beautiful, sweetheart," Dean replied. "You don't need to change."
The Novak family lost their mom a year ago, devastating the entire family, especially Cas, the baby of the family. Their father, Chuck, made the decision to move and give his children a fresh beginning.
The alpha coughed, the wind knocked out of him. "Yeah. I'm good."
Once he ended the call, the omega cuddled back up to his new husband. Dean brought Cas closer with his arm around him.
"Yes, please," Cas begged, tugging on the alpha's shirt.
"Yeah, uh, thanks," Dean added, trying not to say something to Cas' family about the coldness and bitterness towards him and even to Cas.
"He's here to assert his dominance," Cas replied.
"Dean...."
"Babe, aren't you going to introduce me to your friend?" Dean asked, trying to act nonchalant.
"I hate that sweater. It itches," Dean complained. "What's so bad about my flannels?"
Naomi gave Dean a microphone and told him to make a speech to thank everyone. Dean stood up and cleared his throat to get everyone's attention.
"Yes, honey?"
"Let's go to our house. I'll make everyone some lunch," Mary offered.
Dean threw the clipboard back at her. "My fiancé is in severe pain. He's pregnant. He needs help now."
"A scary movie is fine. I like horror movies," Cas told him.
The Next Afternoon
"Yeah. It is," Cas affirmed.
Dean leaned in and kissed Cas softly, one hand on the younger boy's protruding stomach. Cas deepened it, starting to unbutton Dean's flannel. The alpha took the hint, shedding his top layer while kissing at Cas' neck.
Dean decided after school he was going to go to his house. He wanted to know what happened to Cas. He felt like he needed to comfort Cas if something was wrong.
Dean kissed him again. "Good because I am starving. Just let me throw on some sweatpants and I'll come join you in the dining room."
"What if we came up with a new last name?" Dean challenged. "Mr. and Mr. Awesome?"
Dean laid Cas back on the bed, pulling the omega's slacks off, revealing his blue and yellow panties. Dean kissed his way up Cas' body, paying special attention to his stomach.
"Since when did you wear glasses?" Dean asked, looking through his drawers for clothes.
"I can always make Dean come, Sam," Cas retorted, winking at Dean.
Dean spotted Charlie and Gilda just getting to the restaurant. They walked up to the couple, greeting each other.
"Hey, sweetheart," Dean said, kissing his boyfriend's forehead. "Do you have everything packed?"
"Yeah, he just left," the alpha answered.
"What was that for?" Dean asked, glancing at Cas, still focused on Claire.
"You haven't even started working and you're already insulting the boss? Tsk tsk. I should reprimand you when we get home."
"Hi, Gabe," Cas responded.
"Okay," Cas nodded. "Make me your omega."
"Damn," He breathed. He couldn't find his key. He was ready to unload the content of his bags on the floor.
Dean walked in and saw how messy and lived in the hotel room looked. How long has Lisa been staying here? He saw a boy on one of the twin beds, drawing and coloring. The boy couldn't be older than 4.
"I'm glad. I know you'll be a great father, Dean," Mary said, hugging him again.
"What? Yes, I do. I skate all the time."
"So?" Gabe sang.
"Well, for one, you need ice skates," Cas answered, grabbing Dean's hand and walked over to the skate rental place.
Once Dean got out of the shower, he walked to their room, finding Cas sobbing on their bed.
"Gimme your hand," Dean demanded.
"Shit," the omega breathed out, spitting more bile into the can.
"Why are you calling me? Is everything okay? Is Claire okay?"
"You're never going to lose me, Dean," Cas whispered, cuddling more into his alpha. "I love you so much too."
"You're such a dork," Cas laughed, nudging Dean.
Dean cleared his throat, getting everyone's attention. "So, um, Cas and I have something to say."
"Just like her papa," Dean said, kissing Cas' temple.
Dean nodded understandingly. "Well, that guy didn't deserve you."
Dean sighed, tucking his softening cock back into his underwear. "Yeah, I'm good. I'll be out in a sec."
Dean continued kissing every inch of Cas' skin that was exposed. The scent of omega arousal filled Dean's nose. The Winchester sped up his foreplay and took Cas' panties off and his own underwear.
"What's wrong?" Dean exclaimed.
"It's okay, alpha," Cas said softly, cupping Dean's cheek. "I'm yours. And I always will be. Don't worry about the other alpha."
"What the hell?" Dean huffed. "I always get the spoon when I come home."
"Why didn't you come back to bed?" Cas asked, walking over to the living room.
The alpha continued tickling him, going for the more sensitive areas. Cas started laughing, pushing Dean away, the lead he had in the race slipping away.
Later that evening, Cas was in the guest room deciding on what to wear, holding shirt after shirt in front of him while he looked in the mirror. He groaned in frustration. Why was he so nervous? It's just dinner. It's not like he hasn't been on dates with Dean before. He was rusty on the whole, flirting conversations. After Dean left, Cas barely even dated those 6 years. Nothing serious. Not even any intimate ones.
Dean reads over the note. John left the impala for Dean to use and had Bobby pick him up to go hunt a vampire nest. He didn't leave an amount of time he would be gone, but Dean knew he wouldn't see his dad for a while.
The alpha ran to get the first aid kit from the bathroom. Cas tried not to focus on the pain. Dean rushed back, picking Cas up with ease to sit him on the counter. And that just turned him on more.
"That's my fiancé!" Dean exclaimed, standing up, clapping.
"What's up?" The beta gave her best friend her full attention.
"Yeah, I guess we haven't," Cas affirmed.
Every Sunday, the Winchesters along with Bobby, Ellen, and Jo gathered to have family dinner. Cas loved being around Dean's family. Ever since the Novaks moved next door, and Cas and Sam became friends, the omega always felt welcome in their home.
Later that night, Cas worked on his essay for English class in the couple's bedroom, while Dean was still in the pup's new room, cleaning up a bit. As Dean was moving some boxes to the hall closet, he saw a journal fall out of one. Curious, he picked it up and started flipping through it. It was Cas' old journal of his days as a high schooler. Dean chuckled reading some of the things Cas was writing, especially the parts that mentioned his huge crush on Dean.
"I think I love you," Dean confessed.
"No, you idiot," Cas joked, rolling his eyes. "I'm not letting you get thrown in jail. But I promise you, it'll never happen again."
"Castiel," Dick sneered, walking up to Cas. "Did you like my posters?" He handed Cas a paper.
The Next Day
"Woah, woah," Dean panicked, losing his balance. "Wait."
They started making their way to the backseat, but Cas stopped.
The other alpha left quickly. Cas stood there, completely confused. He started smelling the anger and irritation coming from Dean. He looked up at his alpha, touching his arm to try to calm him down.
Cas let out a whimper when Dean moved his hand to the front of the omega's slacks to stroke at his cock.
Cas shrugged, looking out of the window. "It was fine," he mumbled.
"I'll go," Dean offered. "I need to get away from these two lovebirds. They've been scenting each other the whole time."
Dean sighed. "Okay. Maybe you're right. Maybe that is the best way to go."
Cas' brain couldn't even function when he was still being fucked within an inch of his life, whimpering from over-stimulation. Dean could feel his knot starting to swell. Before he came, he wanted Cas to come at least once more, so he thrusted at that sweet spot inside of the omega, continuously hitting it over and over.
Dean shrugged, moving to pull Cas' pajama shorts off before helping him out of his shirt, tossing them to the side. The alpha stepped out of his sweatpants, going back over Cas, kissing him roughly.
Gabriel snatched it. "Thanks."
"Sweetheart, listen to me," Dean said, grabbing both of Cas' hands. "Your family can disown you, hate you, hate me, but we'll still have each other, okay? It's you and me now. That's all that matters. And what matters even more is that little pup growing inside you," he put both of their hands on the omega's stomach.
"Maybe I can thank you tonight after we put Claire to bed," Cas hinted.
"What was that?" Dean raised an eyebrow.
"Yes," Cas replied, still giddy about it. "He claimed me last night as we were having-"
"Fine," the alpha said, glaring at Sam, smirking. "Let's go little brother."
"You were with him, weren't you," Michael said.
After getting there, Cas gave Dean a quick kiss goodbye then ran to the front door. He was just about the grab the knob when the door swung open. Of course, it was Gabriel.
The Winchester's jaw dropped. "Fuck. Really?"
Cas cut him off by kissing him. "You talk too much when you're nervous."
"Dean, this bitch just wants you back. She's lying."
"Are you excited to open presents?" Dean asked them.
"Dean," Cas moaned, holding on to his boyfriend.
"Please, alpha," Cas begged, pushing his ass back against the alpha's hand.
"Once or twice," Cas teased, kissing Dean.
Dean laughed. "Sorry, sweetheart. I got a surprise for you."
"Are you okay?" Dean asked, whispering.
"You're so goddamn beautiful," the alpha said, kissing Cas' neck.
"Dean? What are you doing here this late? Where's Cas?" Mary questioned him.
"I'd really like to see some of your drawings sometime," Cas said. His anxiety was slowly starting to fade away with the small talk.
Gabe couldn't help but smile at his little brother. "Well, then let's get going. You don't want to be late."
"That's what I was kind of thinking," Dean put in.
"I think they're about to start though," Charlie added.
"Finally. Now I don't have to worry about you two being so loud," Sam said, shaking his head in disgust.
The omega grabbed Dean's face, pulling him down into a passionate kiss, their tongues wrestling. Cas always imagined this. This is what he fantasized about when he was fucking himself on a fake knot during his miserable heats. He couldn't believe he was going to have sex with the amazing alpha, Dean Winchester, his best friend's hot older brother.
"I figured it would-" Cas started before getting cut off by a large guy pushing past him, making Cas fall.
"I... I'm, uh, not sure," Cas said, stuttering, tugging at his sweater nervously.
Cas cleared his throat. "Um, I should go. I have to be up early to see my brother."
"We're so proud of you, Cassie," Gabe added.
"I think a suit would be better," John added.
"I don't know, Cas," Dean said, skeptical.
"Can you bring me a beer?" Dean asked.
Cas was sitting on the floor of their apartment, in front of the Christmas tree, wrapped in the comforter from their bed. He grabbed at each present that sat under the tree, excited to open them.
"I know the owner. We're really close friends," the alpha stated, clearing his throat nervously.
As the blue eyed omega unbuckled Claire from the car seat, Gabriel stood at the front door, waiting for them. Claire quickly ran over to Gabriel once Cas put her down.
"Is that so?" Dean questioned, raising an eyebrow. "I hope you're gonna model them for me."
The alpha quickly unbuttoned Cas' pants, letting them drop to the floor. He started shedding himself of clothes as Cas took his blouse off. Dean pinned Cas against the vanity, grabbing his hips. Cas gasped, loving the Dean manhandled him.
"I love you so damn much."
There was pink balloons tied to the Novak's mailbox signalling that the party was there. Dean and Cas made their way to the house, knocking on the door. Naomi opened the door, a martini in hand, wearing an expensive pant suit.
"Bun," Claire said, reaching for her stuffed bunny that was still in the crib.
"It's not the same anymore. I used to love your scent during sex," Dean whined.
"Hey, Dean-o," Gabe spoke up.
"Wow," was all Cas could say.
"And to celebrate, I'm gonna take my beautiful omega out to dinner," Dean stated.
The two of them took their phones out and exchanged numbers.
"I'm going to see if I can get us some drinks," Charlie said before heading towards the bar.
"Don't think about sleeping with my friend," the younger alpha said, breaking Dean's thoughts of the exact thing.
"I'm not prissy, assbutt," Cas pouted, crossing his arms.
"Where do you think I'm at?" Dean snapped before groaning when Cas started to bounce slowly, Dean's cock being massaged by Cas' inner walls. "Fucking Christ."
Cas was frozen when he saw Dick. He felt like he was going through all different kinds of emotions.
"You would be correct," Cas stated. "I've always loved the concept of using paint and a blank canvas to show your emotions. My mom never approved of my 'hobby,' as she liked to put it. She wanted all her children to grow up to be doctors or surgeons. Me, being the rebel I am, decided to go to art school. My older brother is actually helping me pay for my classes."
"I don't think that's such a good idea," Cas warned.
"I can go get some," Gabriel offered.
"So, my soon-to-be husband is going to manage his own mechanic shop," Cas stated.
Cas cracked a smile and nodded. "I know. Go on and bring home the bacon."
"Cas, you can't be this naive," Anna started. "This is going to end the same way it did in high school and this time it will be worse because of Claire. You have to think of her."
"And after all this time, you finally decided to tell me you like me?" Dean asked, raising an eyebrow, a sly smile on his face.
"Just you wait, Winchester. This is your future," Charlie warned.
Gabriel was the only one that knew Cas was gay. Cas didn't have the guts to tell Michael, Lucifer, or their dad. Gabe was Cas' favorite brother, so it didn't take him long after realizing he was gay to tell his older brother.
"So strong, alpha," Cas commented, pressing his lips back to Dean's.
So, what I'm going to do is post a couple of chapters and see how the feedback is before continuing.
"Fuck, you feel amazing, baby," Dean breathed out. "Taking my cock so well."
The smaller boy came on his stomach and the sheets beneath him, his mouth slack, face in pure ecstasy.
"Hey, Dean," Michael said, slapping Dean's bicep. "Is Cas here?"
Dean and Mary opened the gifts together. They both pulled out onesies. Mary's said 'Grandma's Favorite Grandchild,' while Dean's said 'My Uncle Is My Hero.'
"I thought you were-" Dean started, but stopped when he saw Cas glaring daggers at him.
The beta flashed a small smile. "It's nice to see you, Dean."
"We were talking about the pup and I told her how your mom told us that we should throw a baby shower. Well, since your mom threw us a little party for the gender, my mom wants to throw us a baby shower," Cas told him.
"I'm sorry," Cas apologized, petting her hair. "She can't do anything. You're always welcome to visit Dean and me."
"You won't."
"Maybe," Cas muttered. "No..."
The omega looked up from his book, eyeing his roommate. "Oh, uh," he stuttered out, his cheeks tinting pink. "I was focused on my studies. I didn't notice you walk in."
"Cas, you're 15 fuckin' years old!" Gabriel continued to whisper yell.
"Hey!" Dean rushed in.
The alpha pistoned his hips, his knot swelling and catching. Cas painted his stomach and chest with a silent cry.
Dean pulled out the chair of the table at the front of the room for Cas. They seemed to be the first ones there, so the omega leaned into his boyfriend as they talked.
"He's fine." The omega smiled. "He's in preschool, he knows how to count to twenty. He's learning to read and write. Ben has been doing really well."
Dean pulled away from his boyfriend, earning a whimper from Cas, spreading his legs to crawl up and capture the omega's lips.
Cas looked down at his feet. "I don't know."
"Welcome home, Mr. Winchester," Dean told Cas, putting him down to his feet.
The alpha smiled, squatting down. "Hey, buddy. It's nice to meet you."
"I couldn't do anything," the omega sobbed. "I was frozen and I couldn't yell or call for help."
Charlie snorted, pushing Cas' shoulder. "Shut up. I'm being serious."
The omega met Gadreel's eyes. "Yes, I'll go out with you."
"I guess it's hard to mess up a burger," Dean figured.
"Sorry," Cas muttered, pushing the cart out of the isle with Dean not far behind.
"You're completely right," Naomi admitted, turning to look at the alpha. "Dean, we're very sorry for the way we treated you. We're just overly protective of our children. I hope we can work things out."
"You guys are the worst," Sam muttered, basically stomping away, pulling Eileen with him.
"I need to go do some of the errands, did you want to come with me?" Dean asked.
Dean laughed. "Well, I guess you're welcome."
Cas nodded his head, still curled in a ball. The alpha chuckled at Cas' resemblance to a kitten. He tried getting up, trying to get Cas moving too, but all the young omega did was groan at the unnecessary movement, staying on the couch.
"Just like that, baby boy," the alpha moaned.
"Lisa texted me again," Dean growled.
"You going to see him?" Gabe asked, crossing his arms.
Another moan. "Yes, so much. I love the feeling of your thick fingers opening me up," Cas breathed out, grasping at the pillows above his head. "I need more. Please, daddy."
"Very romantic," Cas commented.
"I know. I guess just seeing the guy brought that feeling back. Just knowing he put his lips on you. It just doesn't sit well with me. At all," Dean explained.
"Sounds delicious." Dean smiled a little.
Once Cas felt that touch of intimacy, his brain turned off. The alcohol wasn't helping either.
"Are you okay, Cassie?" Gabriel asked, noticing his brother's leg bouncing up and down.
Cas rolled his eyes playfully, smiling. "Fine."
"Sounds good to me." Dean got up from bed and grabbed the DVD from the stack of movies they had next to the TV.
While Cas wasn't paying much attention, Dean walked in, a towel around his waist, water dripping down his torso.
Cas' nose was slammed with an amazing smell. Like oak, leather, and sun. It reminded him of sitting in a field on a breezy, summer day.
"Leave me alone," Cas exclaimed, wiggling under both alpha's grip on him.
A little while later, Mary, Ellen, and Jo showed up, much to Naomi's dismay. Still, the Novak mother invited them in. Dean went to greet them.
Cas wiped his mouth and faced his teacher. "Um, I guess the school lunch just didn't agree with me."
Cas cracked a smile. "I like that."
Dean couldn't help the smirk that crossed his lips. He remembered the way all the alphas and betas looked at him when he was with his ex girlfriend, Lisa. Not that it lasted long. She cheated and he wouldn't have it.
"That's my nerdy brother." Dean patted his shoulder. "I'm proud of you."
"Hmm?" Dean hummed, kissing and scenting the omega.
"I think I deserve someone like you," Cas said, resting his hand on Dean's leg.
"I'm happy for you, Cassie. I hate to admit it, but Dean is a really great guy and a perfect alpha for you."
"I don't know if I'm ready for this, Dean," Cas mumbled out, wiping his eyes.
"A few years?" Dean exclaimed. "That's a long time. I was thinking a year. Maybe two tops."
"Heyyy!" One of the drunk people slurred, waving at the couple.
"as a symbol of my love," Dean repeated, tearing up.
"Daddy!" The omega exclaimed. "God, yes."
Cas sighed. "Gabe, I'm 21. I know how to take care of myself."
"Hey," Dean greeted, making Cas jump. "Sorry. Didn't mean to scare you."
"About 6 months," Gilda answered, touching her stomach. "And you?"
"Well, your shorts don't hide all of the bruises and hickeys on your thighs," Dean chuckled.
"I can't ask you to do that, Dean. I can take her first," Cas offered.
"Cas, listen to me," Sam said sternly. "so what if these kids talk about you. You can't let it get to you or bother you. You can get through the rest of the school year happy. You still have your friends."
All of a sudden, there were a few knocks on the door. Cas' eyes widened in fear. They both stood up, staring at the door.
"Bend over, baby. Wanna see that delicious hole of yours," Dean told him.
As soon as Dean left, Cas grabbed a box from under his bed filled with different fake knots he used when he was going through his heats. He quickly stuffed it into his suitcase and covered it with clothes so it wouldn't be seen.
"Yes, ma'am," Cas gritted out.
"No, it's okay." Dean chuckled. "You're a rebel. I like that," He joked, putting his last shirt away. He snuck a peak at Cas. He saw Cas' cheeks go pink.
"Dean?" Cas called.
"I'm sorry, baby," Dean said, hugging Cas. "Why don't we started heading home? You look tired."
"Just my brother," Cas told Dean. "Go back to sleep, alpha."
"Then it's a date," Dean proclaimed.
Dean calmed down enough to comfort Cas. He hugged Cas again, rubbing his back soothingly. "I know, baby. We'll figure something out. I'll figure something out. I'm not going to let anything bad happen to you or our pup. I promise you."
"Well, have fun in your new apartment. I have to get back to work. I forgot my office keys here." Gabe gave a small wave before walking out, closing the door behind him.
"Oh, thank god. Me neither."
"Mom, this is what we both want. I thought I had say in what we have in our wedding," Cas responded.
Dean stumbled in, looking at Cas in front of him. "Heyyy, babe!"
"Yes," Sam nodded.
The alpha lined himself up with Cas' hole, slowly pushing in, letting Cas adjust. They stayed with their foreheads together, looking at each other with indescribable love and connection.
"It's just one night, babe. My mom is going to take good care of Claire. We'll go early the next day to pick her up. Okay?"
"Right," Naomi said. "Then we'll have an assortment of pies."
"Hey. I finished college. I can be smart at times," Dean defended.
"How are you feeling?" Dean asked.
"Yay!" The six year old cheered.
The waiter came back with their drinks and they decided to go ahead and order. When the waiter left, the couple didn't say anything. Maybe bringing up the army at dinner wasn't such a good idea. Dean knew Cas hated thinking and talking about it. He felt bad for saying anything.
The omega kissed Dean. "I know. I really appreciate you defending me. I'm not going to lie, but it kind of turns me on when I see you get all big, scary alpha on them."
"What's wrong?" Cas queried.
"Maybe we should have gone somewhere else," Cas said loud enough for Charlie to hear.
Cas tried not to laugh, biting back a smile. He nodded, grabbing Dean's hand to lead him to the bedroom. Once there, the omega slid his nurse's costume off, standing there with just black lacy panties.
"Thank you, Dean," Cas replied.
"Well, it doesn't bother me since you're always by my side. Besides, I love seeing your jealousy come out. It's very arousing."
Dean walked in, boxes in hand, putting them by Cas' bed.
"Dean and I are moving into an apartment together," Cas announced, not looking up at his family.
"What the absolute fuck?" Gabe whispered loudly.
When Dean came home, Cas didn't even notice. The alpha walked in with a pink box, finding his fiancé on the couch, his focus on his phone. Dean quietly walked to the living room and kissed the top of Cas' head, scaring the omega's phone out of his hand.
Cas smiled, walking over to Dean. The omega took the glasses out Dean's hand, setting them down on the cart, and put the alpha's hands on Cas' waist.
When they both got undressed to comfy clothes, they decided to take a nap before Claire wakes up.
When they got to the hospital, Cas had another contraction. Dean was able to carry him, bridal style, into the lobby. A nurse saw them and immediately called for a wheelchair.
Not even giving Cas enough time to answer, he went down to lick more deeply. The omega inhaled sharply, grasping at the blanket for leverage.
"I'm inside all day. I'll be fine. Like Ms. Mosley said, you shouldn't be getting sick when you're pregnant," Dean told him, driving them out of the parking lot towards the high school.
"Your dad-"
Dean smiled at Cas' eagerness. "I loved that one too."
"I'm Cas." Cas smiled, shaking his hand. "Nice to meet you too. Are you new here?"
"What?" Cas said, startled by Dean somehow. "Oh, yeah. It's a little hot out. You finished the tent?"
"We can get up early tomorrow and get packing to leave, then we can go eat breakfast at that nice restaurant you wanted to try," Dean tells Cas.
The omega heard Dean walking to the bathroom. The door opened revealing the alpha, who was wearin grease stained clothes. Cas smiled, rolling his eyes playfully.
Cas shivered and did as he was told, getting on all fours, his head bowed and ass pushed up, presenting to the alpha. Dean's eyes flashed alpha red seeing Cas submit to him. He pushed up the bottom of the babydoll Cas was wearing to grab the round globes of the omega's ass.
"I love your butt," Dean blurted out, laughing.
"Aw, that's cute," Dean mocked.
"Age is but a number." Cas got up slowly, moving towards Dean.
"Either way, they found their way to each other and I'm really happy for them. I can see how much Dean loves Cas. When I went with him to buy Cas' engagement ring, he was nervous and scared. We went to at least 3 different jewelry stores because he couldn't find a ring that Cas deserves. I saw his face light up so bright when he found the perfect one. He couldn't stop gushing about how he was going to propose and what he was gonna say. He really loves and adores Cas. They really deserve each other. And I'm glad Cas gets to officially be part of our family. To Cas and Dean!" Sam announced, raising a champagne flute.
Charlie decided to drag everyone to a new club that her new girlfriend Gilda invited her to.
"Can you be rough during sex more often? Like how you were pulling my hair and stuff."
The alpha moved them to lay on their sides while they waited for Dean's knot to go down. Cas turned his head to look at Dean, kissing him softly and passionately, letting their tongues dance together.
Dean would constantly find Cas in the pup's room rearranging everything, never satisfied at how the nursery looked. The alpha would always hold him, telling him that everything was going to okay, that there was no need to panic. Dean was scared too, but he was better at hiding it. He needed to be strong for the omega.
"Of course, baby," the alpha said, getting up from the bed. He started helping the omega undress.
Castiel was at school, taking notes for his calculus class when he got a text message on his phone.
"Did dad leave?" Sam blurted out, walking over to his brother with his backpack in hand.
"I'm happy for you, son," John spoke up.
"Everything looks so good, baby boy," Dean mentioned.
"Where have you been? I've been calling and texting you. Do you know how worried I was?" Dean ranted.
"We get to help hand them out," Eileen added, holding out two of the flowers to Cas. "And you got two."
"I made us breakfast," Dean told him.
"I can't believe this is happening," Cas says excitedly, looking at his ring.
"She's fine, Dean," Cas sighed. "You need to calm down. I know the alpha in you needs to protect and worry a lot, but she's okay. Now, can you do me a favor and move the crib into our room?"
The omega shed Dean of his flannel, running his hand down his soft stomach. Dean was built with broad shoulders, but his stomach was always a little soft, but not flabby. Cas thought it was cute.
"If I hadn't asked you to buy me so many things, we wouldn't be in this situation," Cas cried. "You should have never bought me this engagement ring."
"Hmm," Dean hummed, pretending to think about it. "I don't know. We could catch up on sleep."
"Maybe, but it's my decision. Not yours," Dean yelled back at Cas.
"Wow," was all Dean could say.
Cas looked back at him, squinting his eyes. Dean stopped laughing quickly.
The omega sat up, putting his phone to the side, wiggling his finger towards him. "Come here."
"Gross, mom. Why would you ask that?" Dean shook his head, trying to occupy himself and look through the cabinets.
Before Cas could reach the kitchen, there were a few thumps and jingling at the door. He went over and looked through the peephole only to find Dean trying to open the door. Cas snorted, opening the door for his boyfriend.
"That sounds great. I'll see you then. Thanks again, Tessa," Dean said before hanging up the phone. He looked back at Cas. "We're gonna have our own apartment."
"Come on, babe," Dean whined. "Do you want to risk getting arrested?"
"Yeah? We can always hyphenate. Winchester-Novak?"
Cas tried getting away, but couldn't. "Um, principal Daniels! Can I talk to you about something?"
Cas shrugged. "I don't feel like wearing one. I want to wear my regular clothes."
"Wait," Dean interrupted. "Maybe I can try. I might need a whole lot of booze, but if you really want to go to France for our honeymoon, then I can try."
"Of course," Gadreel rubbed the back of his neck.
"No, not yet," Cas said, pushing food around on his plate.
Cas grabbed the box and put it on the coffee table. He quickly grabbed one and took a bite of the perfectly baked, moist, sweet muffin.
Cas sighed at the feeling of being filled with come. They both stilled, breathing heavily as Dean continued to come inside Cas. Dean tried holding himself up, not wanting to collapse on him.
"Oh my god," Cas squeaked out, pulling his legs up so his knees were by his chest. "Fuck, fuck, fuck."
The young Novak blushed. "Thank you."
Dean kneeled down, pulling Cas' cheeks apart, revealing the blue crystal plug he was wearing. Dean slowly pulled it out, watching the omega's hole dialate around it. He dropped it to the floor before diving in to get a taste of his mate's sweet slick.
Sam shrugged. "I don't know, but I heard Dean and our dad arguing really loud last night."
Cas cracked a smile. "I told you, it's a surprise."
"I don't know if it's your hormones from the pregnancy or your hormones of being a teenager, but I'm not complaining," Dean teased. "I just need breaks in-between."
"Your hair does not want to stay in one place," Meg muttered.
Dean looked around to keep an eye on Cas, finding him talking to a male alpha that looked older than Dean and was wearing a nice suit. Dean could tell Cas was getting uncomfortable under the other alpha's gaze.
They finally pulled away breathlessly, their lips still brushing together. Cas smiled a little, wiping the tears away from Dean's eyes. The alpha did the same to his fiancé.
"You don't listen to me either! I have to keep reminding you of the smallest things. It's a two way street, Cas," Dean growled back, standing up to look down at the omega.
"What was that? Turn it up?" Dean questioned, pretending he didn't hear Cas, clicking the remote to turn up the speed.
"Goodnight, sweetheart," the alpha said, tucking a piece of hair behind Cas' ear.
"You what?" Dean and Sam exclaimed.
Cas smiled proudly, feeling good about warming up to his new roommate. He was afraid he would get a frat boy.
"I wish Charlie would do that," Gilda said, glaring at her mate.
Before Cas could stop him, Dean walked out, slamming the door behind him, leaving the crying, pregnant omega standing there, stunned.
"It's a venue for the reception," Cas answered. "My mom picked it out."
"No," Dean snorted. "Like sleeping outside. On the ground. In a tent. Y'know, camping?"
Cas sighed. "There were no other alphas."
Dean continued to snap his hips forward, drawing loud moans and whimpers from the young omega underneath him. Cas grasped at the sheets as Dean nailed his prostate on every thrust, taking both of them closer and closer to their orgasms.
"So, what's going on with you and Dean?" Charlie whispered.
"What about all the shit I went through?" Dean yelled.
"Do you need help?" Cas asked.
"Do you feel any different?" Dean asked, kissing Cas' neck.
“So, you sleep okay? I’m kinda used to it now since, before.” Dean shrugged, watching his brother and idly picking at their ingredients.
Dean smiled, stepping a little closer to put his arms loosely around Cas's middle. "Good. I was hoping you'd be." He replied. "And now you're free to do whatever you want."
Charlie fumed, before picking up a rock from the side and taking out a rubber band and wrapped it in her hands quickly and shot them and it hit them each. "A girl who can kick your ass any day. So you dildos need to take your act somewhere else!" she yelled.
"That we are. Still can't say that there are /better/ things out there than things that are so close by." he said, glancing over at Dean. He leaned over and kissed Castiel on the cheek. "I fear I must go. Let's catch up again sometime." he smile before leaving.
Castiel looked over at Dean with a smile, "I never really understood the folklore of Santa either, but I appreciate the thought." He said. "You really like that pie, I'm happy that you did." He added.
"No, no, it's not bad." Dean replied, hooking his finger under Cas's chin to raise his head and meet his eyes. "I like it. I don't know if I could handle you if you were always like that, but it wouldn't be fun if you were shy all the time either. So no, it's not weird."
Dean sighed dramatically before he smiled. "Okay. I think I can manage for a little while longer, but you might have to make it up to me when we get home." He said with a grin, feeling more ready to go back out now.
Castiel walked by Dean, "I've never been here before." He said. "It looks nice."
"You don't think I'm after Castiel do you? We're just friends." he said. "I already know you're dating him. Why would I want to take a coupled mate?" Balthazar arched an eyebrow.
Dean lolled his head to the side slightly, giving Cas easier access to his neck. He hummed contentedly, more than happy to just stay how they were for a while. He fingers ran up and down the base of Cas's spine, stroking his skin. "That's good, I liked it too." He replied, smiling at the thought of how Cas looked during.
Dean moaned softy as he kissed Cas's back, moving his hands on either side of Cas's hips. "Good, because I've been waiting so long to give it to you." He replied, holding Cas steady as he slowly, tantalizingly easing himself inside of Cas with a groan. "Damn, you feel so good." He breathed, his fingers digging into Cas's hips as he started to move.
"Of course. I'll carry you around on my back like a backpack." Dean replied teasingly, laughing at the thought. "I'm sure that would be just great at school." He added sarcastically, not even wanting to imagine what that would be like. "Nah, we won't be that vigorous that often anyway, so it'll be alright I hope."
Charlie looked at everyone over her cards. "Who wants to start?" She asked.
Castiel is supposed to take Dean home. He knows but he wants to take what he can to remember. Dean has to find ways to survive on this "island". Thankfully Cas is there to keep him alive.
"What no offer to take me there?" Balthazar asked.
Dean sat down at one of the stools, using the open table to put his backpack on. “I said I would be.” he replied. “I….I just needed a place to study, quiet you know?”
Castiel leaned over a little and taste the sauce, "Mmm, it's good." he smiled. "It's perfect." he said.
"You're welcome." Dean said back before walking them to the bathroom and he started to run a bath. When Cas slowly got bigger, the sink wasn't enough anymore and Dean told him he had to use the tub. Cas was reluctant at first but when he finally got in and swam around, he was so delighted. Dean got him some bath toys, which he loved.
"Oh yeah! That's totally the goal!" Charlie grinned. "All the rollercoasters of course." she added.
Dean skimmed his nose against the skin of Cas's throat and jaw, kissing his cheek. "Cum for me, Cas." He murmured gruffly, his breath skirting against his ear.
"Yeah, short a hand today so she stepped in." She explained.
"I'm comfy because we're close, but then again...you do make a very nice chair." Castiel smiled. He nudged himself more in between Dean's legs until he parted them and he sat down. He leaned his head onto Dean's shoulder and let out a content breath. "I love being so close to you..." He murmured. "It makes me feel safe."
Dean let Cas work on his face without protest, grateful at how gentle he was. "He got me pretty badly on the stomach, so that'll probably bruise too." He admitted, though he didn't want to. "I won though, so they won't be messing with us again anytime soon." Dean added, glancing at Cas.
Dean smiled, reading over the message a few times simply because Cas was cheering him up with all of this. He was grateful that Cas had texted him, and he wanted to keep talking to him all day. It would definitely help him make it until he got home, since the class period was about to be over.
"I have never made one either." said Castiel. He was gathering the supplies they needed to cook the gingerbread men. He also looked around for other things to decorate a gingerbread house if they made one. "We can make miniature ones, they are easier to do and we won't have to do as much. Plus I would like to not have an upset stomach from eating that much sugar as you say we should put on." he laughed. "They should be about this big." he said, making a measure with his hands on how big the gingerbread house should be. It was about half the height of a water bottle and half a ruler wide.
Castiel glanced down from his window before looking back out it again. He didn't say anything until Dean finally made it home and parked and he turned in his seat to sit forward and rest his hands in his lap and look down at his hands. He took a small breath in. "We're not a normal couple Dean. We get made fun of and mocked and looked at disgustedly... I understand that. I'm sorry I forgot that and did something to make you uncomfortable. That's all. I just forgot...forgot that we have to act differently." He said softly near the end.
"Of course not all at once but that just makes me happy of the thought of more than one date." Castiel smiled. "Zoos are upsetting, they are holding animals and creatures captive for human entertainment but they can have some beneficial elements to them but I feel like most should be left alone. Animals are supposed to be wild creatures, they will only become crazy for being held captive. Their instincts long to be engaged and be put to use but sadly environments are slowly wasting away at the hands of productions." he said sadly. "They are wasting away and killing animals that we may have seen or never have seen. Zoos can be beneficial then because then in close quarters they can reproduce and start their population again, but if we never disrupt it then we would never have this problem." he continued. "It's just sad to hear animals slowly becoming extinct that maybe half a century from now they won't even know what certain animals are anymore except through pictures and I find that saddening. They won't see the beauty of these animals, they won't know what they were like, they would only know by words and pictures and it never justifies truly experiencing the sight of it."
"It's okay," Dean replied softly, withdrawing his finger. "It takes a little getting used to." He said, stroking Cas's cheek with his other hand. "But you can tell me to stop whenever you want." He assured him, not wanting Cas to do something he wasn't comfortable just for his sake.
"Been wanting you to do this to me all day." Castiel replied breathily.
"Oh, he's getting food or something. For when the others wake up." Dean replied, glancing over towards the kitchen. "He cares a lot about you, which is nice. I'm glad you've got someone in your family on your side."
"That sounds like a good idea, I know some recipes that you'd kill to get yer hands on." Benny told him.
"I'm sure I will." Bobby replied with a smile, thinking that it was nice of Cas to have gotten him anything. He opened the books and hat first, flipping through a few of the pages. "These look interesting, thank you." He said before opening the box with the whiskey. His brows rose and he whistled, impressed. "Wow, this is some really nice stuff. These are great, really." He said to Cas before standing and grabbing his gift to Cas, which was a cookbook specialist in Japanese recipes. "I know you don't really need this, but I thought you might like it anyway." He said as he handed it to him.
"Dean. Great to see you." Lisa smiled. "Come in." she offered, stepping aside.
"More than okay." Castiel smiled widely, walking closer to Dean as they walked back to lunch with the baby in Dean's arm.
"No, no, I'll give it a shot." Dean replied hastily. "And if I can't do it, maybe you can do some math stuff or something." He added with a chuckle, walking over to the machine and popping his knuckles. "Alright. Here we go." He murmured as he put in the tokens, focusing on trying to get the cat that Cas wanted.
Castiel laughed, "That's an interesting friendship." he said.
"I don't understand why you don't just talk to him." said Lisa. "It'll be easier and I'm sure he'll understand by you saying how smart he is."
Castiel rested his lips on the base of his neck, just staying there. He hugged Dean closely and tightly. He left enough marks on his skin, taking in his warmth. He missed Dean a lot, he felt so empty without him. His world seemed brighter and more enjoyable with Dean in his life but when he was gone, everything was bleak and dull. The only thing that really kept him going was that Dean was still there but as days progressed he was worried Dean had forgotten him, but he was determined to tell Dean what had happened, even if Dean no longer wanted him. He didn't have anything to fight for before but Dean was worth it, more than enough. He would have given up if he didn't have anything to look forward to and just did writing as a hobby but he wasn't going to give in. He wanted to see and be with Dean more than his writing dream. He kissed the spot again, not saying much. "I missed you." He said softly.
Castiel pressed against him before pushing him onto the bed. He could see the strain more definite now with Dean aroused. He kneeled in between Dean's legs, holding his hips. He pulled him to the edge again like he did before. He looked up at him before he mouthed against the fabric, feeling it twitch lightly underneath his lips. He pulled down the hem just slightly so the head would peek out as he licked it softly, lapping the precum.
Kevin shook his head, "You just confirmed it, but it was pretty obvious when I first met him." he said.
Dean shrugged before going to start lunch, Cas had his times where he acted weird but Dean didn't think much about it. He made some shrimp and pasta. He washed his hands before walking back to his room. "Cas, dinner's ready." he said, peering into the tank.
Castiel nodded, "I've been busy with changing schools." He said.
Dean rolled out of bed, pulling on jeans and what he assumed to be a clean shirt, running his hand through his hair as he walked down stairs. "Cas?" He called quietly, not sure who was awake or not. He saw him in the kitchen and walked over to him. "Morning." He greeted with a yawn.
Castiel let out a breath and relaxed a bit. Gabriel grinned, clapping Castiel on the back. "You grew a pair while I was away. Good for you." he said proudly.
Castiel quickly quieted down. He had to think fast, he didn't want to make Dean upset. "It wards off other enochians." he explained.
Dean wrapped his arms tightly around Cas, holding him closely. "If something like that ever scares you again, you just have to tell me and I'll hunt down all your inner demons to comfort you." He murmured, closing his eyes as he gently stroked Cas's back.
Charlie and Kevin glanced at each other before they tackled Sam to the ground and looked at him. "We're your best friends." they said.
"Sounds good to me." Dean replied. "It won't take much to impress me, really." He added. "I was already amazed yesterday." he laughed too.
Castiel: In that case I should thank your brother too for putting you in my way *laughs* By the way... did you get him any books?
"You should go home and cry to you mom, oh wait you don't have one. She must have been disappointed that you were gay."
Dean tightened his arm around Cas's waist to pull him into a deeper kiss. He didn't have an more words to express what he was feeling, so he went back to letting his actions speak for him. He squeezed Cas's hand tightly, stroking his thumb along his knuckles.
Dean felt Cas's movement and started moving more quickly, matching his stroking with his thrusts as he began to speed up. He bent further down to take Cas's nipple in his mouth and play with it between his teeth as he smoothly pulled the red ring up with a few strokes.
Dean waited until he was gone before turning to Cas. "So. What'd you think?"
Castiel fell asleep before Dean stopped his hand on his back. He was breathing evenly, having his hand rest of his chest. His head was still over his heart, listening. They slept for a few hours, before Castiel lightly stirred. He blinked awake, rubbing his eyes a little. He lifted his head slightly to see Dean still sleeping. He felt his arm loosely hanging on him. He glanced at the time it was about 6 but not yet. He lightly kissed Dean's jaw, laying back down on his chest.
"Okay. Best first date. I can do this." He muttered quietly to himself, setting down his bag and carefully pulling out his clothes.
"I-" Dean opened his mouth to say something before he closed it again, surprised by Cas's vehement reply. "Okay, I see what you mean. It's still not your fault, but I'm sorry. You're right, as always." He said quietly, looking over at him. "Alright, so how about neither of us blames ourselves for any of this?" He said with a slight smile.
"Being yourself." Castiel smiled, leaning up to kiss Dean. "That's how you got me." he said. He placed a kiss at the tip of Dean's nose, laughing lightly. "We should get out of bed before we don't at all." he chuckled.
Dean echoed Cas's moan, already completely pressed against him but still wanting to be closer. He had never thought or hoped that Cas would be so touched by his plans, but he was infinitely glad that Cas could see just how much he loved and cared for him. He raised his hand to tangle in Cas's hair, savoring every movement and noise he made.
Dean sighed, "Man, this fucking sucks." he groaned.
Dean frowned at the message. Why was that even a bet? Why did they care so much? He sighed, knowing it was because Cas was such a mystery to them. Just one more thing to gossip about.
Castiel deflated a bit, "Dean wouldn't do such a thing, I trust him. He wouldn't. I know he wouldn't. He's a good person." he replied.
"I like it too. It's like we're redoing all the good stuff we've done. In a good way." Dean replied with a chuckle as he loaded it up again for Cas. "Okay, you ready to try it out again?" He asked, holding it out to him.
"Cas, we're gonna be late." Dean said, trying to avoid the subject. He sighed as Cas didn't move. "Look, it's nothing. I have to get used to it anyway, so don't worry about it. I'm fine, really."
"That is quite the terrible plan Dean." Benny told him. "That's like going in blind." he said.
Dean's instincts and reflexes kicked in immediately, and he ducked easily to dodge the punch. He threw a hard hook right into the guy's chest while his arm was still out. He straightens back up and used the momentum to slam an uppercut against his stomach as well.
Castiel perked before quickly heading over and sliding in beside Dean, wrapping himself around Dean.
Castiel shuddered, feeling it brush his prostate. He wanted to claw away his skin, everything. He wanted none of this, not his body reactions. He wished desperately he could just shut down and not feel anything. The guy continued to slam into him as the other guy took away all of Dean's marks and all he could do was take it. He felt the guy with black hair started to stroke with him in time with the thrust, He squeezed down, not wanting to feel that.
Castiel looked at Dean as they walked into the hallway, "Dean?" he said curiously.
"I like it too." Dean murmured, closing his eyes again and wrapping his arms around him. He wanted to stay under the water with Cas in his arms, though he knew they would have to get out eventually. But at least they'd get out together, and whatever happened they weren't separating again any time soon.
Castiel sat back before using some of his grace to keep the feeling of him teasing Dean's nipples there as he slid between Dean's leg, kissing his inner thighs and biting.
Castiel purred regardless, letting out a happy rumble and chirp. He tugged on Dean’s leg lightly, “Why won’t you come down and swim with me?” he asked.
"I don't know Dean. What if he does get really big? Then what? It's going to be like one of those cliche pet movies where you're going to get all teary eyed and be like, "Go on. Get out of here!"." Sam told him.
Dean thought for a moment before sighing and nodding. "Yeah, let's just get it over with." He agreed reluctantly, slowly untangling himself from Cas and sliding off the bed. "Then we can just do whatever and not worry about it." He added, scooping up their shirts and tossing Cas's to him.
"I wish you could...Then you would know exactly why I love you so much." Castiel placed a kiss to his shoulder and gently pulled Dean closer and under the water with him and standing there with his chest touching Dean. "I'm glad that it is because I am me you believe it. That I am able to make you believe that they are true. I like being that person." he added as he held onto him.
When the school day was over, Dean was waiting with Cas by the door. "My phone is always on Cas, call me if you need anything and I'll be there." he said.
Dean grinned, loving the sound of that- just the two of them against everyone else. "I like those odds." He smiled and leaned back into the kiss, moving closer to him and pressing in as Cas deepened the kiss. Out of anyone to have by his side, he was glad it was Cas. He felt invincible and elated with him, like they really could take on the world and win.
Dean sighed dramatically. "Fine, I guess I'll share if I have to." He grinned before turning, calling for Sam and Bobby.
They drove for a little and they were soon pulling up to his house. The lights were all off like it has been for the two weeks that Castiel was gone. His car was parked in the back, which caught his attention. "Can you go by my car please?" he asked.
"Yeah, washer and dryer are this way." Dean replied, scooting around Cas to lead the way. "And I dunno, dump the dirty clothes in the wash and then move them to the dryer? And soap and stuff of course." He replied, never caring too much about separating much.
Castiel laughed lightly, "I enjoy seeing you happy as well." he said. "That's good I'm not always an open book to you, then you wouldn't get bored of how you can guess everything I'm going to do." he told him. He could see his house and there was no cars or lights on. No one was probably home.
Castiel's glasses pushed up against Dean's face as he held onto Dean's biceps and leaned up. "I thought of you all today…your jacket smells like you." He smiled.
"I don't think it's weird. I was kinda excited when we went to your house for the first time. Now I'm more nervous." He admitted with a chuckle. "Everything's a lot rougher around edges at my house." He added.
Dean shook his head. "You're never a hassle. Besides, I don't mind carrying you, and you were pretty funny sometimes, and sweet. Except apparently you don't want me to grow a beard." He said with a grin.
"People are so petty to worry that much about. I could care less about their 2 cents. One year from now I'm going to be doing it big, everything at my will, and changing the world." Charlie grinned. "Come visit me, maybe I'll have a trophy wife." She laughed.
Castiel smiled a bit as he filled in his last answers and closed his book. "It's because I'm here to answer your questions, your concerns, where teachers have to explain to everyone at once and everyone learns differently. You just need a bit more attention with learning than some but that's okay, asking questions is very good." He explained.
Castiel nodded, "To talk to on my own, yes." He said. "The promise is one too."
Dean was beaming through the singing, and once they were done he met Cas's eyes with a smile. He leaned forward and blew out the candle easily. "There, wish made." He said with satisfaction, looking back up at the others. "So... I really get this whole pie?" He asked hopefully, laughing.
"You look like a little soap sud Cas." Dean laughed before lowering Cas into the water.
Castiel nodded, listening intently and he understood the idea. Charlie dealt out the cards and Castiel organized them correctly.
"Well, everyone's good at something." Dean shrugged but smiled at the compliments. "But thanks, it means a lot coming from you. Of course now I don't have a whole lot else I could teach you." He said, though he knew that that wouldn't matter to Cas.
Dean attempted to think about whether or not to go inside, but Cas was incredibly distracting. "No one'll come back here." He said, figuring that if they were far off enough to shoot then no one would come bother them.
"Yeah." Kevin replied, glancing over. "Okay you're good." he said.
Castiel looked over at his phone, seeing it light up. He was outside this time, not choosing to be in the house. He was by the dock with a book, reading.
Castiel lowered his head slightly, he knew Dean wouldn't be very happy with what he did. He did think he was going to be crushed at some point but he wasn't, plus he wouldn't get to hear Dean's heartbeat that way. He made a small sad sound and nodded, "Okay Dean..." he answered.
Dean sucked at Cas's collar bone, his hips rocking against Cas on their own accord. He released his hold long enough to dispose of what remained of both of their clothes before gently pulling Cas's hand away from his mouth. "I want to hear you." He murmured just outside of his ear, smirk returning as his hand travelled downwards again.
"Of course." Dean replied with a smile, letting the water wash over his hand before tracing across Cas's back and moving between this legs. He knew Cas would still be sensitive, so he cleaned him as gently as he had done before.
Dean smiled, walking over to Cas to grab an egg sandwich. "Sounds awesome." He replied, standing beside him and taking a bite. "Mm, definitely awesome." He said after swallowing. He knew today was going to be rough, but if they could survive it then the rest of the week would be easier. Castiel smiled at his comment, he handed the food to everyone else and boxed everything what for later.
"It's worth it to hear I still get what you make me." Dean replied with a smile and quick wave before he walked quickly in the direction of his class. He felt extremely relieved and not nearly as tense since whatever was bugging Cas didn't seem to be troubling him anyway more.
Sam put down the bags and put out his hand for Castiel to shake. "Nice to meet you Castiel. Thanks for putting up with my brother." He grinned. "I've heard a lot about you."
The coach called him out, "You're on the football team, get out." He said.
Castiel thought about it, "Ah...if I feel better later, I'll try to cook dinner." he offered. He made sure not to think too much about anything, trying to keep his thoughts simple. He looked up at Dean, wondering if they should watch movies or not. He hummed softly, "Can we stay up here for a bit longer?" he asked. "I'm quite comfortable." he told Dean.
"I'm glad you stayed up. If rather talk to you than watch whatever this is." Dean replied, letting Cas shift before wrapping his arm around him again. "Besides, I can watch this any time." He added, shrugging it off.
Kevin shrugged, "We all eat together at lunch." he replied.
They seemed disappointed and nodded. Castiel turned back and was going to try again before someone was calling Anna away and he had to bite down his sigh. He just ate then, ignoring all the others.
"So do you try to make everything perfect? Even now?" Sam asked.
Dean nodded and grinned. "Yeah, I'd definitely like to try it sometime with you." He replied. "I'd let you tie me up." He said with a little chuckle, realizing that it sounded a little strange.
"You're gonna kill me Cas…" Dean groaned against his neck before gently thumbing Cas's nipples under his fingers and hearing Castiel gasp, arching up, hands holding onto Dean's shoulders.
"I'm hungry, but I'm also really, really comfortable." Dean said with a laugh, cuddling up against Cas and against the bed. "But we can go eat in a little while. Is there food here?" He asked, curious on what they were going to eat.
"I don't know. Sometimes I do hate him for it, sometime so think he was doing the best that he could. He wanted what was best for us too, I know he did." Dean replied quietly, shaking his head slightly. "But being upset at him never changed anything. I realized that it didn't matter how I felt about it, it was just the way things were."
"Yes, breakfast." Capel nodded before lacing his fingers through Dean's and walking him downstairs. "What would you like to eat this morning Dean?" He asked.
Dean let out a little noise of surprise as Cas grabbed him before going along with the kiss. He didn't know where the sudden confidence had come from, but he definitely liked it. He wrapped an arm around Cas once he was straddling him, letting out a soft moan as he pulled lightly at his hair.
"Good. Don't fuck with me." Charlie sneered.
Castiel: You... you don't seem the type.
'Oh god, he is going to think you are some kind of weird kid, why did you ask that?!'
Castiel nodded a little, waving to him before he jogged off to go find John. In the end, Dean was the one to spot John, he was just sitting on a secluded bench, staring off. He didn't have bottles or cans near him. He was just staring off into nothing.
He picked up his phone, "Dean?" he answered.
"Ahh, true. I can imagine how interesting that was." Dean replied, grinning at the thought. "Well, I'm sure we can spice things up somehow if you want a little more excitement." He added jokingly. He didn't have any ideas in mind, but he was just enjoying it.
"How about next month? When things have calmed down with school starting again, there's going to be valentine's day...and I think that'd be a good time for showing our love, yes? Letting it build and letting it overflow on a day?" he offered. "Yes? Does that seem like a good idea?" he asked. "I think we can do it." he smiled. He gently kissed Dean, "We'll talk about it some more on the way to school, we don't want to be late."
Dean leaned against the wall slightly, rubbing a hand over his eyes. “Oh….was lookin’ for the….” he waved his hand around, “S’not important anymore…” he hiccuped slightly. He slouched down against the floor, rubbing his eyes. “M’pathetic….” he muttered.
"Castiel? That's you?" Dean asked him. The octopus nodded, chirping happily. "Castiel huh? That's a cool name." Dean commented. He hummed in thought for a little bit, "What about Cas? Are you okay with the nickname Cas?" he asked.
Kevin rolled his eyes, "That's why we don't all hang out often." He said.
Castiel wiped his face with his hands before his shirt. He clutched his cats close to him as he rubbed his eyes before looking back at Dean. "M' sorry your shoulder's wet.." he mumbled. His nose was slightly stuffy now from the crying. He wiped Dean's shoulder with his shirt. He gave Dean's shoulder a small kiss before he finally realized that Dean was hurt still and he was sitting on him so he jolted back. "M' so sorry. I forgot you were hurt!" he got out of Dean's lap and looked at him apologetically.
"I don't want to stand Dean." Castiel sighed. "A shower does sound pleasant but the process of doing that sounds terrible." he told him. He turned his head more and rest them on his hands, "Are you tending to me today?" he asked. "Then yes, I would very much appreciate those painkillers please. Also breakfast with you sounds very desirable at the moment since I haven't eaten at all since your breakfast from yesterday." he said. "But you're welcome to stay and massage me some more, I wouldn't disagree with that." he smiled a little as he wiggled his hips slightly under Dean's hands.
Castiel sighed sadly, leaning over and kissing Dean. "We should go get ready. I made lunch yesterday night and we haven't made breakfast so maybe we can just eat some cereal before we leave." He said. He didn't move from the bed yet, not wanting to go to school.
Kevin slowly came in after, "Oh? That sounds really good for the snow right now." He said.
As soon as he stepped away from Dean, his facial expression changed from the relaxed one to a more perfected one. He smiled politely at people when he needed to, his smile never once reaching his eyes. He shook hands with people and talked to others in foreign languages and nodded, listening to their business plans and told them what would help them. He stood out for being so young in a group of adults but he didn't slack behind anyone.
Castiel looked up at him, his eyes flickering between both of Dean’s before reaching up and holding onto his arms. “Yes….of course I will.” he said quietly. Dean kissed him again, smiling slightly.
"Okay, sounds good to me." Dean replied with a smile. He took the cookies he was going to decorate, making one look good and the other not minding as much how it came out. He put stripes on the bee and little lines on the wings, feeling pretty good about how well it came out.
Castiel gasped, arched up. It was cold but it was electrifying against his hot skin. He shivered, feeling the coolness seeping into his shirt. He wanted to remove Dean's jacket but just let himself follow the flow of things.
Castiel made a sad and a displeased sound at the lost of warmth. He clung onto Dean, wanting him to stay.
"I'm only saying what is right. You are special." Castiel replied easily. "I don't exaggerate nor make things up, I merely tell you what I think and what I see." he stepped a bit closer to Dean, sliding his hands more into his sides and standing closely but not yet touching him except with his arms. "To me...You're very beautiful Dean. That may sound like a compliment to a female but you are. The creative mind in me yearns to capture your essences and write it out, to be able to write everything where someone can read and know what I see. If I drew, you would make me want to draw every line and plane perfectly but even then it would not have the same feel as when you actually smile. If I took your picture it would capture the beauty of your smile but it would not do you justice than seeing you physically. I am always captured by how you look, the way you react, the way you smile, the way you laugh. If I could ever capture how beautiful they are and put it together, it would never be the same as you actually being there, nothing falls in comparison. If I bottled each of them up and sold them, I would be a millionaire but I would give that up if I could have you as a whole." he rested his forehead on Dean's shoulder. "Nothing compares than actually seeing you."
"Deal." Dean replied with a grin as they pulled up to the house. If that was the price for Cas's cooking, he'd gladly pay. Even if it wasn't for his cooking, Dean would still be happy to do any of the things he'd said. He parked the impala and went to the trunk, grabbing almost all of the bags since Cas had to get his suitcase.
Castiel's thighs were shaking by the time Dean was done. He was a whimpering mess. He collapsed into the bed, clenching and unclenching at nothing now. He was panting softly, twitching occasionally. He drooled onto the sheets. His eyes were half lidded, even more of a mess than he was before.
Castiel nodded with a bright smile, "Yes it is. This has been really fun. I never had so much activity in a home before. Well except business parties, but they were never fun and as cozy as this. Thank you." he glanced at both of them.
"2 minutes." Castiel replied.
"Because I'm not afraid to trust you, also being able to touch you is always welcomed. Maybe a list would be a good thing, but I'm not exactly sure since we could initially lose that list." Castiel replied. "Now...would you like to go eat breakfast now?" He asked.
"Sleeping together, but without the sleeping?" He tried.
Castiel still looked at Dean curiously, "And if it is, what do you do?" He asked another question.
Sam glanced over at Cas who was forking his pasta. "What are you going to do about school?" he asked.
"Oh thank you." Balthazar gently caught her hand and kissed it. The girl giggled again before turning forward.
Dean sighed internally, all hopes of having any classes with Cas going out the window.
Kevin rolled his eyes, "No it didn't. We got here not that long before you." he said.
Sam made a gross face, "That's gross. I don't even want to know you think that of my brother."
Castiel had Dean's body stretched out for him to examine. He always found Dean very fascinating. Something that needed to be studied more to figure out, but Dean was always full of surprises, making Cas always on his toes to learn.
Castiel stopped in stroking Dean's hair and looked down toward him. "You were upset today?" He asked. "About me? What...do you want to tell me what happened?" He asked another question.
"What?" Dean said, confused. "It's not your fault, Cas. I did it because we need to rack in more money. It was my choice."
"I'll be right with you, sweetheart," the nurse said, glancing at Cas with a sweet smile.
Dean kissed his husband softly. "We'll be okay. Why don't I whip up some blueberry pancakes?"
"Dean, when we were dating, your mom was always so nice to me. I want to come with you."
"Fuck, yes," Cas moaned.
"Fuck," Dean cursed, standing at the foot of the bed, seeing the rose gold crystal butt plug Cas was wearing. "You have no idea what you do to me, baby."
"Dean, nothing happened. He's just a nice friend," Cas told him.
"I can't believe it," the omega said, astonished. "This is perfect."
Dean lit a cigarette for himself, leaning back in his chair. "You don't seem to be doing too bad for yourself."
"I'm not a big fan of your mom, but why don't you just talk to her? Don't you want her to be part of Claire's life?"
"Everyone dig in," Mary announced.
Dean closed the fridge. "I think Cas is sick. He's not feeling good, he's throwing up and he's kind of warm. Do you have any crackers?"
"It's fine. Let's just go to bed," Cas responded.
"It's mom. I don't know what happened, but she's having a break down."
I love reading all of the comments, so keep commenting you guys. Also let me know if I should make this into a series. Love you guys.
"Bye, Dean," Ben said, hugging Dean.
"I got in a fight with Michael. I thought I could crash here for today," Gabe answered.
"How are you feeling, Cas?" Jo asked.
Dean scoffed. "Baby, you are already my perfect, beautiful omega. I love the way you look no matter what. You don't have to be stick thin to be perfect."
Cas rolled his eyes. "Fine."
"I know. I will. I promise. Thank you so much, Gabe." Cas hung up, letting out a big sigh of relief.
Cas realized something. "You don't know how to skate, do you?"
"Oh my god," Cas gasped. "You are the best alpha ever."
Cas followed the principal to her office. She closed the door behind him, going to her desk to sit at her chair, motioning for Cas to take a seat on the other side of her desk.
"Go the fuck away, Roman," Garth exclaimed.
"Come on, Sammy," Dean said, emphasizing by patting Sam's back.
"I think so. I just have a really bad headache."
"Shhh," Cas hushed him. "Michael or Lucifer might hear you. Besides that'll never happen."
After breakfast, the couple and Claire walked to the park a few blocks away from the apartment complex. It was sunny and bright with a slight breeze. People must have had the same idea as Dean since the park was buzzing with families and people walking their dogs.
"God, you look so fucking sexy," Dean said, looking his boyfriend up and down.
After a shower, Dean and Cas started getting dressed. The omega was putting on a mid sleeved, cold shoulder, red dress with fishnet tights with black flowers on them.
"You're not part of that toxic family. You were always helping me and protecting me," Cas replied, smiling at his big brother. "You, Hannah, and Samandriel can visit us anytime."
Cas smiled and kissed Dean. "I love you too."
"It's not like I had a choice," Cas shrugged. "Besides, like I told Gabriel, Dean is nice. He doesn't seem like your typical college alpha."
Cas leaned up to kiss Dean's forehead. "I'm right here. Don't freak out. Everything is going to be okay. We'll be there in no time."
"Don't worry. It'll be fun. You'll love it," Dean reassured him.
"Hey, Dean," Sam breathed a laugh.
"MOTHERFU-" was all Cas heard before he blacked out, falling to the floor.
Dean chuckled. "Smart thinking."
Dean grabbed Cas by the waist by one hand while the other held his hand. Cas placed the hand that wasn't holding Dean's on the alpha shoulder. They started swaying to the music.
"Yeah, well, I still don't trust him," the older Novak muttered.
"Oh, we bought you both gifts," Eileen cut in.
The alpha shrugged. "I guess I was taught to be respectful. I always saw alphas and betas messing with my little cousin, Jo, and it always pissed me off how arrogant some of them can be."
"I ripped them off of you," Dean answered, still sitting on the floor, rubbing his eyes.
The Next Week
"Maybe it will." The beta shrugged, being positive about the situation. "Maybe the date will go horribly. You could have a chance."
"You saw him," Gabe stated rather than asked.
Cas left the apartment to the curb outside the complex where Meg's car was waiting. He got into his friend's car and they left to the mall.
"Uh, yeah," Dean said as it was obvious. "In America. I don't know what the laws are here."
The Next Day
"It's a bachelor's party, Cassie!" Gabe replied over the music.
Dean and Cas worked 40 hours a week while Claire was in school and Jack was in daycare, so they didn't get to take time to play with their kids very often. Even on weekends, the couple was busy. Dean as the owner of a mechanic chain was always getting call after call about problems here and there. Cas being a 5th grade teacher meant his weekends were mostly filled with grading and weekly planning.
"Shut up, jerk," Sam muttered.
"Stop. It's not worth it. He's just drunk," the omega calmed Dean.
"I'd love that," Cas replied. "I'll call Gabriel to see if he can babysit. He's been wanting to spend time with Claire."
"Babe, get dressed," Dean whispered, coming into the room. "It's your brother."
"Hey, Cassie," Gabriel spoke.
"I love you too, gorgeous," Dean replied, kissing the omega softly.
The pregnant omega raised his left hand, showing off the ring. Everyone gasped. Mary shouted in excitement. Cas smiled at how happy Dean's family was.
I hope everyone likes it.
"I'm a mechanic," Dean replied.
"Don't start with me, Sam."
Castiel’s dream floods back to him immediately. Faces covered in blood as a knife slits. A demon’s blade in a human hand.
He’s horrified at the familiarity. Cas has seen this play out more times than he is comfortable admitting. He watches the demon break Chuck’s fingers one by one. He watches Chuck react to each snap. Tendons rip, muscle shreds. The demon pauses, laying hands on Chuck. Castiel watches the jagged bones become whole again. Chuck’s shattered knees reassemble. He is healed.
The mechanic rolls his eyes. “Let’s just say that,” he pauses to look at the name sewn onto his shirt. “
Now, Castiel knows that he cannot stop it. He will watch a demon torture his father, who he loves. He can scream and cry and throw punches at the demon, but nothing will change. He will remain invisible. Chuck will scream as metal punctures skin. Castiel will watch, helpless, as the demons prepare for another bout.
And there’s the kicker. This victim’s footprints were clear on the trail where she was last seen. Hiking boot tracks following a common trail before nothing. No drag marks, no sign of a struggle. Nothing besides another set of footprints following hers before she vanished.
He doesn’t answer, gasping shallow breaths. He sees Chuck with the blade, progressing towards him. Brandishing and —
Cas’ eyes widen. Of
Cas and Anna work best together. They ought to, given that they spent years learning to hunt together. Initially, it was a family affair; the Novaks, thrown into hunting when Chuck sold his soul to hell. Gabriel was the first to splinter off. He reasoned that if they were going to hunt down the crossroads demon that held Chuck’s contract, they’d cover more ground if they split up. Even Anna left for a time to hunt on her own. But Castiel, good little soldier that he was, stayed with Chuck through it all. Anna returned after eight solo hunts. Gabriel didn’t.
“No, don’t think about that. Just keep breathing.” She’s desperate.
The drive back begins with a tense silence. Castiel supposes that they both don’t know how to breach the conversation. Cas rests his head against the passenger seat window. He absentmindedly touches his collarbone, pressing down. He notes no residual pain.
Communion wraps up and Anna returns to the chapel. Castiel, save for the occasional bathroom traveler, is left alone. He taps at his phone and pauses at his last texts with Gabriel. Cas inhales and hits the call button.
Anna looks to Castiel, an open invitation to explain. “We’re looking for information,” he offers. “I may have been contacted by an angel.”
Cas looks down at the ratty carpet. “They were both there. I’d rather not describe it.”
The shower turns off with a clunk. Castiel, still quavering, dries off. He pauses as the terry cloth rubs against his cheek, noting its sensation. Taking long, deliberate breaths, he grounds himself as best he can. Any therapist would be proud.
Castiel.”
a very dutiful angel. Your namesake hasn’t been around for decades.”
After a six hour drive to an old safe house in Litchfield, Illinois and a number of spells later, Ruby does not know what happened to Castiel.
He angles his eyes towards his shoulder. It’s still bloody, but he isn’t worried. His time is up, and he doesn't have the energy to argue with it. He looks back up towards the bright ahead of him. Castiel considers the old phrase about going into the light. He digs his left elbow into the ground beneath him and pushes himself to a sitting position. No need to rage against it, he’ll go peacefully.
They both examine his shoulder. There’s no wound, not even a scar as a souvenir. If not for his ruined shirt, there would be no indication that the hunt had gone awry.
He ignores Anna’s cursing and looks upwards. The night sky isn’t clear, but he can make out stars. He stares until his eyes lose focus. He starts to drift, as if he’s falling asleep.
Cas leans his head back, gazing at the ceiling with a sigh. “Yes, next time we’ll be sure to bring you an evidence bag.”
As the light makes contact with Castiel, he hears Hell. Screams, cackles, fire burning. He can hear it all. His attention turns towards Chuck when he hears a loud crunch. He immediately regrets this as he observes his father’s cracked open head. Chuck’s demon adds more pressure, squeezing tight. Castiel winces at the sight of pieces of brain exit his father’s head.
The first minutes of September 12th pass in silence. Cas stops his work and raises his head to meet Anna’s gaze. Her face is guarded from emotions, but her eyes betray her. A year in, and they are no closer to saving Chuck than they were when he was ripped apart in front of them. Even with Ruby whispering in her ear, it’s hard to argue that they are on a path to rescuing their dearly departed father. In this moment, she is as hopeless as he is.
Then Cas is fifteen, head pounding and wincing at a cut on his arm, willing the wound to stay closed while the priest speaks. Chuck passes him a bottle of ibuprofen with a face that reads ‘I’m so sorry that the ghost hurt you, I hope this bottle of NSAIDS will make it up to you.’ Castiel pops the recommended dose and passes it onto Anna. She takes her ration and completes the familial communion, handing the bottle to Gabriel.
Cas assumes he’s read the situation correctly. “Yes,” he replies, standing with Luke.
Castiel dreams of his father in Hell.
Wordless, Cas nods. The two sit in silence as Castiel’s mind reels. This isn’t the first time Anna’s suggested his dreams are more than grief-induced nightmares. She used to believe the opposite until she started sharing intel with Ruby. At the end of the day, Cas can’t blame her for working with Ruby. If he thought the demon could be any help, he’d be just as eager to trust her.
“Yeah,” Anna responds. “Nothing new. Or, nothing new that I’m aware of.”
He doesn’t want to bristle, but he does. In seventeen days, Charles “Chuck” Novak will be gone for a full year. “Anna,” he starts.
The scene is as it always is. Chuck’s demon seems to be giving it his all tonight. It is a special anniversary, after all. It digs into Chuck, mimicking the claws of a hellhound. Blood and insides seep out as he is opened up, as vivid as the day he died.
Luke continues. “So, daddy’s finally signed up for demon school and this is how you respond?”
A question needles in the back of Castiel’s head. Quietly, he asks, “Can you bring him back?”
Castiel watches the angel thumb at his name tag. “So what now?”
“Not how they described us in vacation Bible school?” The man says with a smirk.  He advances toward Castiel and taps two fingers to Cas’ forehead.
He wonders if this is what Chuck saw.
Cas is quiet. He didn’t remember any ringing. “You saw the light too?”
“Me? Hard to pronounce outside of Enochian. Just call me,” He looks to the name tag. “Just call me Dean.”
“No, I’m not.” Cas says.
Time to move. Cas slips down the alleyway, ignoring the whoosh he hears behind him. Castiel feels a sharp pain in his shoulder, dancing down his collarbone and residing at his would-be stab wound. Suddenly, he’s face to face with a man advertising a mechanic shop on his work shirt. The name ‘Dean' is sewn into the shirt. “Cas, you’re a hard guy to find.”
He finds the seediest bar he can find. Castiel is surprised at the healthily populated bar on a weeknight until he remembers he’s currently in Wisconsin. He settles in near the corner and orders a gin and tonic, extra lime. He blends in fine with the local clientele of henleys, work boots, and carhartt milling around him. He watches a group of patrons play a team game of cricket. A blond man on team one lines up and throws his first dart. After clearing out 20s, he retrieves his darts and stands on the outskirts of the group. The movement catches Cas’ peripheral and he looks up from his drink to a stare. The man’s eyes linger on Cas, smirking as he looks him up and down. Cas quirks an eyebrow and looks away.
“Subclavian,” Cas remembers out loud.
“Sorry, Cas. Those aren’t the orders from upstairs.” The angel replies, putting on an apologetic face.
He hears the demon mention his name in the other room. “Your brother’s still dreaming then?”
“Nothing case related, just catching up,” She replies, stepping outside.
Morning comes quickly. He wakes to Anna’s empty bed and the shower running. He groans. She’s beaten him again.
Castiel never asked Ruby how old she was, but he remembers a passing comment she made about her 500th birthday party. She’s kept mum about her time as both a demon and a human, even to Anna, but Castiel knows that she is old. Ruby has centuries of lived history in witchcraft and God knows what else and the demon is asking if he’s sure that he was stabbed. “This was no illusion. The pain was profound,” he replies curtly.
The angel frowns. “Yeah, but you’re not
Castiel occupies himself with notes on their current hunt. The good town of Goshen, Indiana has a ghoul problem. There had been a number of grave desecrations reported over a six month period, with an abrupt stop about four weeks ago. That’s when people started going missing. The job looks easy enough - their ghoul is sloppy. It took less than a day to find a makeshift den in the cemetery with the highest number of desecrations. The ghoul is either a machiavelli playing the long game or sorely inept. Castiel bets on the latter.
Chuck languishes in Hell. Cas can recognize it in his eyes. A year of Earth’s time in Hell and God knows how long in the pit, his father’s eyes are as dead as ever. Cas notices the bright light beside him again, observing the scene as Castiel is. This time it makes no effort to touch him, unmoving from its place beside him. Without the direct touch of the light, the dream is silent once again. Castiel is thankful for that.
Castiel presses his palms harder into his sockets, bringing him back to the motel room. “That light. The light that touched me.”
“It’s not real, it’s not real,” Cas repeats to himself. “Wake up. Open your eyes. I want to wake up.”
“Really exploring your carnal side tonight, aren’t you?” Luke laughs, eyes filling black.
The knife slides out of him and now the pain is so much worse. Wordlessly, Anna presses gauze on the wound, pushing down tight. She grabs his left hand and directs him to the wound. “Press.”
The mechanic extends a hand towards Castiel. “Cas Novak,” he murmurs, moving his hand to point at himself, “Bright light. Nice to meet you in person.”
At the hotel, Cas gets the first turn with the shower. He’s the one covered in blood, after all. He rubs his face in the steam, jumping at the sharp pain on his lips. He places a hand over his mouth, remembering the thwack of being hit with the stock of his gun. A fatal wound is healed, but he's stuck with a split lip? He groans. To put it lightly, it had been a long night.
“I don’t blame you. It’s been an eventful few weeks. Maybe after talking to Jim, we can take a break? Work a few odd jobs?” She offers.
The service starts and Castiel stares at the stained glass. There’s no morning sun shining through in the evening, but it’s enough to trigger memories. Try as he might to bury them, images of the Novak family milling into their seats slip through. They’re in a different church, Gabriel sitting to the right of Castiel, furthest away from their parents. The service starts and Gabriel produces a gameboy, triumphant that he’s smuggled in electronic contraband. Castiel leans forward, faking rapture to shield Gabriel and the console from his parents. They caught Gabriel with the gameboy once, and Castiel would prefer to avoid another confrontation like that.
“Give it a shot. This might be good for you,” Anna replies, patting Cas on the shoulder.
Anna is on him immediately, assessing the damage. “Cas, you doing okay?”
Castiel nods, looking towards her. He lays back down. “I’m sorry you had to see that. I imagine it was unpleasant.”
Luke reciprocates, sliding his hand inside Cas’ waistband. Fingers curl around him and Cas groans. At Cas’ reaction, Luke tightens his grip on his cock and
“Cas,” the blond replies. He extends a hand. “Luke.”
“Then, buy you a drink?” The blond asks, sliding into a stool next to Cas.
Castiel buries the memory, pulling back his hand but not his mouth. “Please don’t,” he murmurs into Luke’s neck.
Castiel wanders the halls while mass continues in the chapel, stopping to observe each stained glass window.
“You watch your father in Hell when you dream.”
“Lots,” she says with a smile, “I was quick today.”
There’s a pause. “Ruby,” Anna starts.
“We came to see you,” Anna beams, “Cas and I ran into a case and we’re wondering if we can pick your brain?”
Anna, godsend that she is, intercedes, “Ruby, nothing at all? No rare spell, or a deal?”
“Gabe says hi. I filled him in on your brush with death back in Goshen. I asked him to take a look through the lore and see if he can find anything.” She offers.
“Cas!” Anna screams. She empties her gun into the ghoul’s head, just as they’d planned. Well, getting stabbed was not part of their plan.
Castiel nods his head. While it is nice to see Jim again, this was a mistake. Cas sees their future: kicked out of the building for blasphemy. Jim surprises him, sitting back in his chair before saying, “I have mass in less than half an hour. After mass, I am all yours. You’re welcome to stay here if you’d prefer not to attend.”
With a wince, Castiel watches Chuck’s nose go concave, his shoulders dislocate, his ribs crack. Chuck is put back together and offered a blade. With a small nod, he grips the hilt and is freed from the rack. Chuck is guided towards the young woman to his right. Trembling hands, Chuck advances and slices.
“I’m not saying that you weren’t in pain. I am saying that everything I can think of that could explain this doesn’t match the first hand accounts from you two. Nothing that can explain this.” Ruby taps again against Cas.
It’s brighter than anything that Castiel has ever seen. Anna is still with him, vaguely. She covers her ears and leans forward. Cas feels a phantom hand on him, caressing his wound. The pain sharpens and ebbs away. This makes sense to him; wherever he’s headed, Castiel imagines he’d need to be put back together before his arrival.
“I don’t - I, I don’t know.”
Cas rolls his eyes and turns, wordless. Given his night so far, he’s half expecting to bump into someone who claims they’re the tooth fairy. Going out to clear his head was a mistake. He needs to make it to the Volvo and contemplate healthy coping mechanisms on the drive back to the motel.
The statement surprises Jim. He looks at Cas and Anna, dumbfounded. “I’d wager a guess that this is a long story?”
“Bingo.” The angel replies, pointing a finger gun towards Castiel.
Castiel wakes with a sharp inhale. He scans the motel room. Everything is as it was before he fell asleep. No cold spots, no smell of sulfur. To his right, Anna sleeps soundly in her own bed. They are safe.
The figure in the light seems to start. White tendrils move towards Cas. He pulls back, but they persist. They make contact with his face first. Cas thrashes and pulls at them until his hands are bound by new tendrils that wrap around his head.
She gets the hint. “Either way, I’m sorry that happened to you.”
Before he can process this, the light’s tendrils snap his heads toward itself. Again, it asks
Cas freezes. If one more monster mentions Chuck tonight, he’s going to hunt down everything in a 50 mile radius and kill them all.
They palm at each other like teenagers. Soon, the layers are too much. Cas unbuckles Luke’s belt and unzips his jeans. He steals a look down to confirm that Luke is as hard as he is.  Luke whines in protest when Cas moves back to kissing. In response, Cas thumbs at Luke’s hipbones and his hand moves downwards.
“Hey, we need to talk.” The man behind him calls.
Castiel assesses the blond. He’s scruffy, about the same age as Cas is. He wears a smug smile that doesn’t seem to fit right. Not dangerous, nervous. Cas downs the rest of his drink and nods.
“No, we don’t.” Cas replies, moving away.
The room feels liminal, the only light shining courtesy of a nightstand lamp. Anna has returned to her bed and looks up when he returns. Eyes expectant, she says nothing.
The mechanic’s hand pulls away and Cas is back in the alley, trembling. The angel watches Castiel’s reaction, eyebrow raising. “Need any more convincing?”
is linked?”
“Oh yeah,” He grasps Cas’ face in both hands and pulls him forward. As the kiss progresses, Cas feels fingers card through his hair. He presses against Luke, earning a low exhale. “Fuck,” Luke moans.
Anna flinches. “I thought so, too.”
Castiel aches for a case. September 12th is coming fast and Cas wants to hone in on any distraction that he can get. In between keyword hits he scours local news for oddities, willing something to pop up in a 50 mile radius that would warrant a closer look. He’s not surprised when he doesn’t find anything but curses to himself anyway. He knows that Anna is struggling too. Two days ago her eyes glazed over during research and have not recalibrated since.
The bathroom door opens and Anna emerges in a cloud of steam. “Morning, Cas!”
Cas opens his eyes in the motel room on the outskirts of Peoria, Illinois with a gasp. He sits forward to take in the darkness as he falls apart.
Cas doesn't have a reply for that. He fixes his eyes on the road.
“Yes,” Dean says without humor.
“Oh?” From what he’s heard, his older brother isn’t actively hunting anymore. At most, he’s taken on a consulting role.
The ghoul’s body collapses onto him and the air is knocked out of him. With his good arm, Castiel shoves the carcass off of him.
Dean, still preoccupied with the shirt he’s wearing, doesn’t look up. “You? Keep an eye out for now. You gotta be prepared for what’s coming.”
This time, Castiel wants to bristle. It was practically Chuck’s dying words,
Castiel brandishes the knife with a slick moulinet. “I’m not in the mood. Smoke out of him and return later.”
“I’ll say,” Ruby says. “You’re also gonna want to stock up on protection. Come on, let me teach you how to make hex bags.”
He breaks the kiss and catches Luke’s eyes. “Is this okay?”
Anna speaks first. “What are you doing in there?”
The motel room is still while Cas watches the clock tick away. At 12:23 am, Anna returns to the room. At first she says nothing, analyzing Cas’s face. He breaks from his trance and looks to her.
“Why do you keep calling me that?” Castiel asks.
“What?”
“Calling you what?”
Cas doubles over, covering his eyes. In an abstract way, he knew that this was a possible progression of this dream. He’d say that the sight is something to give him nightmares but given the current situation, it seems redundant.
Castiel sees a side pierced by a blade.
“No, we don’t have it. I tossed it with the body,” Anna admits, earning an exasperated sigh from Ruby.
Their conversation derails briefly as Ruby instructs Anna on what specific kind of bone Anna needs to put into her bag. After some fumbling and corrections, Ruby continues. “I know it’s not much, but it’s a lead.”
It rips his gun from him and swings. Cas gets a mouthful of the stock, tasting blood. The ghoul pushes him down and tosses his gun. It produces a knife that glints in the moonlight. Before Castiel can comprehend, the knife makes contact below his right clavicle. He sees white and is taken over with searing pain.
“Castiel!” Anna shouts.
Anna considers this. “Ruby still thinks that there’s a way to bust him out.”
“My name is Castiel.” He knows that it’s a strange thing to fixate on, given the situation.
“I'm just happy you’re speaking full sentences now,” She says with a laugh. “Do you want to talk about it?”
. “How? What do you mean?”
. Cas moves his attention to Luke’s neck, sucking just lightly enough not to leave a bruise.
He makes quick work getting ready. They have a job to finish today. Dressed in their best ratty flannel, Castiel moves to the door. Anna does not follow.
“Yeah, probably.” She says with a laugh. Anna leans against the wall, thumbing through the program. She scans the lobby and with a chuckle, points toward a corner by a staircase. “There’s your old hiding spot when we used to play hide and seek.”
Let me know if you'd like content warnings for anything else.
“I don’t,” he counters, “In the dream, they might have been.”
And then, a stir.
“Cas,” he offers.
Jim nods, face darkening. “Do you know what you’re looking for yet?”
“I will.”
Castiel does not have a response to this. He studies Anna’s expression. There’s more she wants to say.
is telling him that he’s needed in some kind of biblical quest, but Castiel is concerned that the angel is using a nickname. Still, he’d like to know how much the angel knows about him.
They take turns buying each other drinks. Luke insists Cas try the pickled eggs because this bar ‘has the best eggs.’ Cas begrudgingly obliges. Luke laughs when Cas crinkles his nose at the taste. Halfway through a conversation about how ‘the Packers really have a chance this year,’ Cas notices Luke’s hand has migrated to his knee. Cas pushes into the contact and feels the grip tighten. Something runs hot in his belly. They fall quiet, gazes fixed on each other.
Call him touch starved, but he misses this. Now, pressed up against another warm body, something hungry stirs in Cas. He grips at Luke’s hips and pulls forward, grinding against him. Cas sighs, feeling lightning strike through him.
“Cas!
“Is that all you talked about?” As the words leave his mouth, Castiel realizes he doesn’t want to know the answer. Gabriel may be content to be out of the life, but Castiel cannot comprehend how a hunter can step down. There is a fair point to be made that Gabriel is older than Castiel; he had the opportunity to experience his teenage years before the family started hunting. Meanwhile Castiel was given a shotgun and told to shoot at fourteen. Perhaps Gabriel had the necessary life experience to find something adjacent to normal.
“Human souls shed blood in Hell every day,” Castiel counters.
The line rings with no answer. Gabriel’s voice comes through tinny.
Defeat settles into Castiel. Visions of Chuck wielding a blade wash over him. Castiel considers the lifetime of torture dreams waiting for him. How long would it take for Chuck’s eyes to turn fully black?
They take a moment to steel themselves before stepping out the door.
In the bathroom, the adrenaline catches up to him. His heart pumps twice the target zone for his age. Castiel sees himself out of focus in the mirror and feels a familiar nausea making its way upwards from his belly. A quick stagger to the toilet and he throws up. He blesses Anna for not following him.
“Hell of a time to take a shower,” She starts, gesturing to the clock beside her. 12:11 am. They had an early night. “Can you tell me what happened?”
Cas tries to hide the disappointment that’s apparent on his face. It isn’t comforting to hear that the immortal being he’s named after is missing in action. “What do I call you?”
The nearest streetlight bursts in a shower of sparks. Cas whips his head towards the movement, feral and bloodthirsty. Across the street, he sees a figure. Cas looks at the alleyway opposite of the figure, turns and moves behind a dumpster. As he moves, the figure calls out. “Castiel Novak.”
Cas softens, switching from hunt mode to brother mode. “Yes. What is it?” Anna looks ragged. He moves to sit beside her on the bed.
Anna breaks the silence. “I just feel like there’s nothing that we can do.”
“Why not? It’s a special night for your daddy, after all.”
“We’ll sit in. Thanks, Jim.” Anna says with a smile. She adopted a dreamy look in her eye at the mention of mass and looks ready to race Cas to the nearest pew like they were kids again.
“I guess this is up to both of you. I don’t understand, but I can respect it.”
the light demands.
Castiel watches the ice melt in his drink. He noncommittally watches a game show rerun when he feels a hand on his shoulder. He turns to see the blond, still smirking. “Hey, you wanna shoot some darts? A buddy just left so our teams are uneven.”
“But—”
“Castiel
Luke releases his grasp and fumbles through his denim. He produces a pack of cigarettes. “I'm gonna step out for a smoke,” He murmurs syrupy, playing with the flap of the pack. “Join me?”
Chuck slices the girl again while the lights exalt.
“Like a hand. What about you?”
The man continues. “You died in Goshen, Indiana. As your soul was ripped out of you, a strange light appeared. And suddenly, you’re moving around like nothing happened.”
While he's just been given the perfect opportunity to hustle, Cas decides against it. Historically, he’s more successful playing the straight man to Anna or Gabriel. On his own, he is not as lucky. Gabriel once explained that when Castiel hustles on his own he has the charisma of, quoting Gabriel, a wet rag. “I’ll pass, but thank you.”
Anna shuffles through her pockets, pulling out gauze. “Dammit. Okay. Okay. We’re gonna be okay, alright? I need you to stay still.” She tries to steady her breathing. With shaky hands, she grips and pulls.
“And he still doesn’t want to talk to me about it.”
Castiel nods, slamming the car door.
, that hurts.
“Not yet,” She singsongs, flipping a page.
Chuck’s demon places its blade in his father’s hands. It gestures to the young woman. The blade drops to the floor. Chuck is sliced again. The new woman’s demon lifts a blade and sinks it into her.
Ruby’s face softens looking at Anna. “No, nothing. No spell that I know of would physically touch him like that, and what you’ve described is definitely not a deal with a demon. I’m sorry, but I’m coming up with nothing.”
“Thanks, Ruby.”
“Nobody dragged you,” Cas says.
Castiel sighs. He thinks back to every Sunday school lesson he ever attended. Unfortunately for the man in front of him, Castiel doesn’t remember any verse describing an angel dressed like a greasy midwestern mechanic. “You don’t look like an angel.”
Chuck’s skin breaking and knitting itself back together. The hilt of the ghoul’s knife. Castiel’s bloodstained shirt burning up with bloody gauze. That poor woman on the rack, weeping as another human progresses towards her.
She pokes at his clavicle, curiosity apparent on her face. “And you’re sure that the knife penetrated here?”
the most action he’s got in months is a demon.
“You know, I’m trying to help you. You get that, Castiel?”
“But why do you need me?” Castiel asks.
Castiel’s best distraction has always been hunting. Even now, with the last two days fresh in his mind, it would be nice to work something easy. He nods.
Anna taps Castiel’s shoulder. “Hey,” she says, continuing when Cas looks her way, “If you want to sit this out, I get it.”
It’s then that Castiel realizes Anna was driving him to an intervention, just not a psychiatric one. With a sigh, he looks around the too-familiar room, studying the architecture. Other patrons start to shuffle in, eyeing Cas and Anna as they enter. They must look like outsiders, dressed down compared to the business casual of the congregation. Cas runs a hand through his hair and pats it down in an attempt to tame it into a part.
Chuck’s steady hand torturing another human soul.
He shrugs. “Well, you’re his kid. We’re gonna need your help cleaning up his messes.”
Castiel stares. “You expect me to prepare for something that you know nothing about?”
“Hey Anna.” He pauses and looks up from their notes. “Is there any hot water left?”
At 12:07 am, Anna shuts her laptop. “I’m gonna call Gabriel.”
He turns his head to meet her eyes. “Anna.”
The head pulls itself further out. It looks like the latest victim. Castiel thinks her first name was Cindy, but he doesn’t remember. “Someone, someone dragged me here?”
Cas nods as best he can with a shudder. He notices his pressure on the gauze as his hand weakens. His eyes are heavy. Anna picks up his slack, adding more gauze and pressing down hard. “Eyes open,” she orders.
“Yeah, well. Not everyone’s your father.”
“She’s trying, Cas,” Anna says. “She’s looking.”
“With Dad and that thing in Goshen? You said there was a link?”
Castiel nods his head in thanks.
“That demon you were rubbing up against wasn’t lying, Cas. Chuck Novak spilt blood in Hell,” the angel says, “That started something up in Heaven. Call it a cosmic domino effect.”
With nothing else to do, he disrobes and steps into the shower. He turns the water on hot, not enough to scald, but definitely uncomfortable. Still unable catch his breath, he presses his hands against his temples, holding his head together.
The angel steps towards Castiel, waving his hand in from of his face. “Hey, Cas? You still with me?”
Ruby turns to Anna. “Do you still have the knife with you? We could try to work some mojo with that.”
Anna knocks gently on the door frame. Jim’s head snaps up, eyes twinkling with recognition. “Castiel and Anna Novak,” he says with a smile, dropping his pen and standing up from his well-loved leather chair. He gives each of them an affectionate hug, beckoning them to sit down in front of his desk. “What are you doing here in Blue Earth?”
Anna sighs. “We need to write all of this down, see if there’s any lore. What do you remember?”
"Of course. We argued for a while, but she still insists on being in there. I think we'll just tell my parents once the pup is here to avoid the drama."
They laid in comfortable silence, listening to each others breathing, occasionally scenting each other.
"Okay. You can tell me anything, baby," Dean said, rubbing circles in Cas' hips.
Sam chuckled. "Of course. She's already hinting for me to propose to Eileen."
"Hi," the nurse greeted, walking in, holding some papers. "You're free to go. I just need you to sign a couple of documents for me."
"It's a surprise," Cas answered. "I bought some things you might enjoy."
Dean grabbed his jacket and keys before leaving the omega to himself in the apartment.
"It's nice," Cas commented.
"Dean, we're going to a nice party, not hunting," Cas joked.
"Awesome."
Cas scoffed. "Maybe if you would accept Dean and me back into your life, you would know more about my life, like how far along I am."
"Fuck, you're so beautiful," Dean breathed out, leaning down to kiss the omega.
Cas chuckled at the fumbling alpha. Dean held out his arm for Cas to take, leading him to his sleek, black car. The two high schoolers drove off to start their date.
The alpha opened the passenger side door for Cas before going around to the driver's side. Dean drove them to the movie theaters to watch a new rom-com Cas wanted to see.
"You should be, sweetheart," the alpha praised. "We can put these right by mine. We'll be the best over achieving couple."
"Did my dad leave already?" Dean queried, pouring himself a bowl of cereal.
"You ate the last of it a couple of days ago," Dean answered, chuckling. "It's 10 degrees outside. You still want ice cream?"
"Sam!" Cas yelled, quickly recognizing the voice.
"Hey, can I bum one off you?" Dean asked.
"Great. Now, can we go to sleep?" Cas asked.
"What happened with Amelia?" Dean wondered.
"I want to get married before the pup comes," Cas answered.
"Son of a bitch!" Dean exclaimed, throwing the tent poles down.
"Yeah," Dean smiled, grabbing Cas' hand.
"Great. I'm starving," Benny chuckled, patting his stomach.
"What should I be wearing?" Dean asked.
"You're so goddamn gorgeous," Dean growled, hoisting Cas up enough for the omega to wrap his legs around the alpha's waist.
"God, but you're so damn beautiful," Dean said, his hands on Cas' hips, pulling him closer. "You can't blame me for wanting this with you."
"This looks great, mom," Dean praised.
Cas let out a deep breath. "I never gave you the full story on why Inias and I broke up."
"That's what I'm hoping for," Cas winked.
A ringing phone broke the awkwardness. Dean fumbled trying to find where he put his cell phone.
"It can just be close family and friends," Dean suggested.
"Shh, baby. I'm gonna take care of you."
Dean almost came with those words alone. The alpha flipped them over, so he was hovering over the younger boy. He started unbuttoning the omega's jeans, pulling them off and tossing the on the floor.
Dean gave Cas a quick kiss on the forehead. "I still need to take a leak."
Dean growled. "Hey, dickwad. That's my fiancé."
When Dean thrusted hard right at Cas' prostate, the omega yelled Dean's name, coming on both their stomachs. The alpha never faltered his thrusts, even when Cas was clenching Dean's cock.
Cas rolled his eyes and shakes his hand. "You're such a dork."
"What did that fucker do now?" Dean questioned.
Cas blushed and shook his head. "Nothing. We're just friends."
"Eat up, sweetheart," Dean encouraged.
"Sweetheart," Dean whispered in the omega's ear, nipping at his ear lobe.
"Hey, baby bro. How's everything going?" Gabriel asked.
"Claire is fast asleep," Dean said, walking into the living room.
"Um, yeah. I'm fine. Thank you." Cas got flustered.
After the appointment, the couple went back to their apartment. Cas was in a much better mood after seeing the doctor. He went to the kitchen and hung up the sonogram picture on the fridge. Cas smiled, looking at the picture, seeing the tiny body starting to form.
"Daddy!" Jack yelled.
"I've got you, sweetheart," Dean drawled.
"Thanks, babe." Dean kissed him softly.
Dean looked at his tux in the mirror. "First off, his name is Alfred. Second, I think I look good."
The young girl started in the kitchen, looking through the cabinets, finding no one. She moved on to her bedroom, searching the closet, under the bed, in the bathroom, ultimately coming up with nothing.
"Yeah, but I wanted to walk you to the parking lot to make sure nobody messes with you," Sam said, concern in his voice. "Student council doesn't start for another 5 minutes anyway."
"Hurry. I need my alpha to keep me warm," Cas mumbled, letting go of Dean.
The omega nodded, his crying starting to come to a stop. "But, what if this just shows that I'm not ready to be a parent. I couldn't even defend myself. What if something like this happens when I'm by myself with our pup? I don't know if I can do it."
I apologize for the long wait. I was so busy with things.
Cas smiled. "Thanks, big brother."
"Then I'll look for a suit," Dean stated.
"Okay, I need to get dressed now," Cas told him.
Dean smirked, grabbing the remote and pressing the 'on' button. Vibrations started in the plug that Cas wore, making the omega jump in surprise and arousal.
"Hey, baby," Dean pushed past Cas' parents to hug him.
Later on, Cas got out of the bath and went to their bedroom to start getting dressed while Dean sat on the couch, watching tv.
"That's why I heard you and dad arguing that night. I remember you weren't there in the morning. Mom just said you wanted to stay with Bobby to learn how to do mechanic work," Sam put the pieces together. "Wait, does mom know why you and dad fought."
"Uh... No? Was he supposed to?"
"Holy fuck," Dean breathed, jaw dropped. "You look unbelievably beautiful, baby."
"I like green. Like a mint green. Something cute."
"I love you," Cas says, running his finger along Dean's freckles.
"They love my pancakes," Dean defended.
"How the hell are you better than me at this game?" Dean muttered.
"Yeah, of course babe," Dean said, walking out of the room to do as he was told.
"This is awesome," Dean moaned between bites of the warm apple pie.
"I think it's almost time," Dr. Bloom told the couple.
The two brothers walked around the grocery store, finding whatever their mother needed.
"What? Why?" Dean asked, concerned.
The place was packed. Music, laughter, and conversations filled the restaurant. The two friends squeezed their way to a table close to the back.
Once he hung up, he started unbuttoning his flannel while walking towards his bedroom.
"Mom, what are you talking about?" Sam asked.
Cas shook his head. "It was nothing. I guess my hand just slipped. I'm fine though."
"Baby?" Dean got up quickly. "What's wrong?"
"My first born is moving into his new apartment with his beautiful boyfriend," Mary said on the verge of tears.
The plane suddenly shook from turbulence, causing Dean to jump and squeeze Cas' hand.
"Dean!" Cas snapped.
"My dad was a pretty upset. He was proud of me. He was always bragging about his all star son." Dean shrugged, still remembering the fight he had with his father. "My mom, on the other hand, was understanding. She knew I loved photography. Like I said, she's the one that bought me that expensive camera. It didn't take long for my dad to come around and accept my decision."
"Cas!" Hannah exclaimed, hugging the omega.
Cas rolled his eyes. "I'm just trying to apologize for yesterday and make it special again."
Dean licked the hole once making Cas' knee buckle, more slick dripping out. The alpha slowly pushed one finger in, pushing it in and out. The omega whined, pushing his ass back, asking to be filled.
Dean nodded, forcing a smile. "Thanks."
"Fine," Cas huffed. "I love you too."
"I'll take you up on that offer of fucking me," Cas replied.
"Okay, we'll be right down," Dean called back. He looked at Cas. "We'll tell them now."
"Why not? What's going on?" Dean questioned.
"Who do you think I deserve?" Cas asked, looking up at the alpha through his lashes.
"Of course I did," Dean answered. "You're so fucking sexy in those fishnet stockings. And that vibrating plug was awesome. We're definitely using that a lot."
"I think I have an idea," Cas replied, turning around to face Dean.
The alpha was immediately at Cas' side.
"I liked the second one, but there was a lot of work to be done. Plus, it was sorta noisy." Dean rested his arms behind his head.
Cas laughed. "That is a good name, but I was thinking more of Natalie for a girl and Mark for a boy."
"Charlie," Cas sighed.
Cas scoffed. "Can't you try to learn it? I mean, that's the least you could do."
Cas chuckled. "Don't worry about them. We can still enjoy ourselves."
"Cas is my best friend. Plus, I went with him to buy it," Sam added.
"I see you decided to hang it up," Dean said, walking into the kitchen.
Cas went through the plastic bags, pulling out a bottle of ginger ale and a bag of honey flavored candy. The small smile on the omega's face dropped when he saw a pregnancy test.
Dean put his hand on the omega's bare lower back as he taught him what each thing meant. Cas shivered from the feather like touch.
"I'm sorry, Dean," Cas apologized. "It was Gabriel's doing."
After finishing breakfast, Dean set the table before going back to the bedroom to wake Cas up.
"I got her," Cas said, getting up from Dean's lap.
After hearing the front door close, he started getting ready. He rummaged through his closet, trying to find the perfect shirt to wear when he meets Cas and their daughter.
"I love you too, baby," the alpha replied, capturing Cas' lips in sensual kiss.
The omega's group of friends waited for Dean to walk away before they started bombarding him with questions.
"Was your brother awake?" Dean asked her.
A Year Later
Dean nodded, settling back in his seat.
Cas knitted his eyebrows together, looking at Dean. "No, he's not. It's just a coincidence. Besides, he's nice."
The alpha quickly dressed, trying not to think of his cute omega roommate going on a date with an alpha and what they may or may not do on said date.
Cas sighed, "I don't know what I would do if you got drafted, Dean. Do you really want to go back?"
When they finally pulled up to their designated camping area, Cas was in awe. It was beautiful. There was a clearing right next to the lake. Trees surrounded the area, giving off shade. The lake was sparkling from the sunlight. A couple of picnic tables sat off to one side. There was a fire pit in the middle of the clearing.
Cas sighed contently as he made his way to the bedroom. He started opening up some of the boxes of clothes and put them in the dresser and closet. The omega grabbed the box of his fake knots, shoving them under the bed before putting new lavender colored sheets on the bed.
"Sure. Why not? It'll give you something to do for the summer."
"I'd like that." Cas smiled shyly, walking out, closing the door behind him.
They sat in silence for a couple of minutes until Dean broke it.
"This is amazing, Cas," Benny complimented, eating fork full after fork full of lasagna.
"Dean," Cas chided. "Claire is asleep."
"Dean?" Cas called out.
"Yeah?" The omega replied, walking out of the bedroom to where Dean was.
"Are you okay, Cas?" Dean asked.
Dean looked down at Claire, finding that she fell asleep in the swing. He chuckled, taking her out of the swing and walking back over to the picnic table. Claire woke up enough to wrap her arms around Dean's neck, cuddling into his neck, finding comfort in Dean's scent. He sat down and just rubbed at Claire's back.
"I'm going to wash this paint off," Cas stated, walking towards the door.
"I'll tell him in time. I'm just," the omega paused, letting out a shaky sigh. "I'm just afraid he won't want me. I really like him, Gabriel. I've liked him for a long time. If he doesn't like the idea of having pups with an 18 year old, all of this will be ruined."
"...maybe...," Claire muttered.
"Dean?" Cas questioned, yawning.
A possessive growl came out of Dean. "You know how incredibly hot that is? Knowing I'm the only one that fucked that amazing ass of yours."
"I think he's just trying to win you over so you like him more," Cas teased.
The alpha Winchester pulled away from his trembling boyfriend. "Not yet. I haven't even got to fuck you, sweetheart."
And that's what Dean did. He gave Cas' ass a couple of playful slaps as he stood to grab the omega's hips, pulling him against his throbbing member. Dean stroked himself a couple of times before pushing into Cas, watching his cock disappear into his husband.
"Yeah?" Cas shouted back.
"I need more, Dean," Cas whined.
"You ready, baby boy?" Dean asked.
The omega smiled, pressing his lips to Dean's softly. He broke the kiss to pull his shirt off, tossing it to the floor.
"Fine," Dean said, defeated. "Let's go look at the costumes."
"Dean," Cas chided.
The elevator dinged and the doors slid open. Dean effortlessly scooped Cas up, carrying him bridal style, making the omega yelp in surprise.
"Thank you for cleaning the kitchen. And getting the pie out of the oven," Cas told him, kissing Dean softly.
"Technically, I bought it," Dean mumbled.
"Hey, sweetheart. Are you okay?" Dean spoke softly.
"How's your pregnant omega?" Benny asked.
"Cas is legally an adult. He made his choice to stay with me. Especially since you kicked him out. I'm taking care of him now. You don't have to worry," Dean added.
Cas laughed. "It is cute. Don't be embarrassed, Dean."
"I didn't know they were moans!" Gabe retorted. "All I heard were noises coming from your room and the front door unlocked. I thought it was a burglar."
"You taste good, right? Like the most delicious slick in the world," Dean purred. "You're so fucking sexy, sweetheart. I can't believe you're all mine."
"My strong alpha," Cas breathed out.
Dean was on his lunch break, eating at a diner with Bobby and John. They were talking about expanding their stores and maybe having Dean manage one of his own. Dean had explained to them that he was still debating whether he wanted to go back into the army or not.
"Do you know all the shit he went through after you left?"
"Every alpha I met were always either trying to get in my pants or Charlie's. But you," Cas paused, looking at Dean. "You're different. You were friendly since the beginning. You never hit on me or even looked down at me for being an omega."
"Shh, sweetheart. I'm gonna take care of you," Dean purred.
"Good," the beta bubbled, patting Cas on the shoulder.
Cas started calming down on the ride home and when they went up to their apartment, he was back to being relaxed and a little tipsy. Dean helped Cas out of his clothes and into one of Dean's shirts before sitting on the edge of the bed to start undressing himself. But before he could, Cas straddled Dean's lap, kissing him softly.
"Okay. You ready?" The alpha asked.
Cas complied quickly, his ass in the air, panties soaked with his slick. Dean licked his lips and started kneading Cas' ass. He pulled down the omega's panties to expose his pretty pink hole, needing to be filled by an alpha knot.
The alpha swallowed Cas' moans and whimpers. Dean started kissing down Cas' neck, stopping where his mating gland is.
Dean's nose suddenly caught the scent of something familiar and sweet. The alpha looked behind Sam, his eyes landing back on the omega he saw earlier.
Dean chuckled, kissing the top of Cas' head. "You have weird cravings, but I'll get you what ever you want."
"Cas? Where'd you go?" Dean asks, coming back with two glasses in hand.
"Yeah, of course, baby. I'm on my way."
"Yeah, it is. I think I deserve to know." Gabe crossed his arms, giving his brother a stern look.
"I'm going to call Dean to pick you up, okay? Then I'll tell the principal what happened." Sam told him.
Cas smiled, looking up at Dean. "Hi, alpha."
"That's very sweet of you, Dean," Mary put in, smiling at her son's kindness. "It's always good to prepare yourself."
Cas couldn't help but blush from Dean's dirty talk. He loved how talkative Dean was during sex. It was one of those things Cas could never get use to, but in a good way. It made him feel good. It made him feel like he was making
"Right," Cas snorted. "Who wants to seek first?"
"I'd really like that." Cas smiled.
"Sure," the omega bubbled, putting his flowers on his bed and grabbing his sweater.
"It's no problem. She's in good hands," Mary told them. "You two just have fun and relax and hopefully give me some more grandchildren."
"Dammit, Cas," Dean growled after being awoken so abruptly.
"How about I open my presents and you can watch a Christmas movie?" Cas offered, smiling.
The blue eyed boy looked at the Winchester, blushing, as he sat down next to him. He tore his gaze away from Dean to look down at a map of the school, which he neatly mapped out where his classes were.
"I guess. Why though?" Cas wondered.
The alpha chuckled. "I'm glad."
"Well, I mean I guess, but the doctor was pretty sure-" Dean started, helping Cas to the elevator.
Cas looked at the clock and fake yawned. "Well, it's already 10:30. I guess we should go to sleep to get rid of the jet lag."
"Um, where were the showers again?" Dean asked, sheepishly.
Knocking on the door woke Dean up abruptly. He sat up and looked at the alarm clock. It was fifteen till 1. The alpha groaned, rubbing the sleepy dust out of his eyes as he grumbled getting out of bed. More knocks came.
The omega's mouth was in a silent 'o' as Dean continued to push in, taking in the feeling of being full. The alpha tried his hardest not to come right then and there, feeling the heat of Cas, slowly envelop his throbbing length.
"I think she runs a big realtor company," Dean answered.
Once Cas was dressed, the couple walked to the living room where Michael was waiting. Cas went up and hugged Michael.
"And how can I forget my future sister-in-law?" Dean beamed, hugging Eileen.
"Damn, Cas," Balthazar said. "You snagged an older alpha."
"Tell him we'll be there in a little bit," Dean told him.
"Not until I tell you," Dean snapped, a growl tearing through him.
"I know you are, Dean," Cas said, getting into bed. "And I really appreciate you trying. As long as you do it outside, that's fine."
Cas nodded. The moment Dean left, the pregnant omega hurried and went through his suitcase to grab everything he needed. He rushed to the bathroom, shedding his clothes off to put on the French maid's outfit he got when they picked out their Halloween costumes. Cas bought fishnet stockings he thought were perfect with the outfit. Cas made sure he grabbed the vibrating butt plug he bought also. He was already turned on thinking of Dean fucking him in the outfit. He pushed a finger in his hole, slowly starting to open himself up. He continued to open himself up until he heard the door open. He quickly put the plug in.
They made small talk over dinner, Cas learning more about Benny and vice versa. The omega was thrilled to finally meet one of Dean's friends. Dean didn't have that many friends since he came back. He lost contact with a lot of them, but it didn't bother him much.
"I'm sure Dean wasn't counting on his partner being 10 years younger than him," Cas suggested.
Luckily, his older sister, Anna, helped him. She rocked Claire to sleep, letting the pup scent her. Claire quickly relaxed, taking in Anna's calm scent. Cas couldn't keep it together enough for his scent to calm his daughter down.
"Come on, babe," Dean whined.
Cas grabbed the alpha's hand, leading him to the bed. Dean laid down, opening his arms for the omega.
"Hey, baby bro," Gabriel responded.
Cas smirked, biting his lip, leaning forward. "Fuck me, alpha," The omega whispered.
A couple minutes later, Cas heard the front door open and close, the content and happy scent of his alpha wafting in.
"Dean," Cas giggled.
Cas' phone started vibrating, flashing Dean's name and picture.
Dean went in the water first, holding both of Cas' hands, helping him get into the water. Slowly, but surely the omega was able to go in.
A nurse knocked on the door before opening it. "Mr. Novak?"
"That was very rude, Castiel," Naomi grumbled.
"Well, don't you look comfy," the alpha chuckled, putting the beer in the fridge.
"I'm just glad you and Cas are happy together," John put in.
"I guess my cock is magic," Dean joked.
"What?" Dean breathed.
"Well, maybe the next one will be like you," Dean hinted.
"Yes, Dean. You look good when you're wearing nice clothes and not your flannels."
"Are you sure?" Cas wondered.
The Monday After Thanksgiving
Dean decided to play Mario Kart while they stayed there. He knew Charlie wouldn't mind. Cas leaned against Dean, scrolling through his phone, glancing up every so often to watch Dean play the video game.
"Hey, baby boy," the alpha said, his voice smooth and soft. "Go back to bed."
Cas knocked on the door, holding Dean's hand. Naomi opened the front door and greeted them, hugging Cas and shaking Dean's hand.
Cas started grabbing a few items of clothing to try on and model for his alpha. He walked out of one of the changing rooms, showing Dean a plaid mini skirt and white short sleeved button up.
"I think you'll like this next sample," Cas whispered in Dean's ear.
"Isn't this place nice?" Cas bubbled.
The bedroom door opened and Cas walked in, sweaty and pale.
"One more week and you'll officially be mine forever," Dean whispered.
"Yes. But they wanted me to go without you," Cas answered, crossing his arms. "I don't want to go without you."
"Dean called me a brat," Sam told Mary.
"Trust me. I don't want my mom in there either," Cas agreed.
"Dean," Cas chided.
"We'll be right behind you," Chuck called out to the couple.
The alpha continued thrusting into his boyfriend's tight heat, giving the other nipple attention while one hand held the omega's sharp hip and the other pinched at the other nipple. Cas moaned, screaming in intense pleasure.
"I saw Dean's car in the driveway. I figured at least one of you were here," the alpha Novak told him.
Dean held back a laugh. "Okay, good. I'll set it up."
Dean woke up about a couple of hours later, noticing that he was still inside Cas. He pulled his now soft cock out, earning a whine from his sleeping husband. He saw the bite he made on Cas' neck, purpleish red and still a little bloody. His heart swelled realizing that they're officially mated. Cas' scent smelled stronger than before and he could smell his own scent mixed in with the omega's. Dean could even see an aura around the omega, a mix of pink and blue.
"Is that the father of your pup?" Garth asked.
Cas threw his head back in pleasure, almost screaming. "Please, alpha, fuck me!"
Things have just been so hectic lately, but I was able to finish this chapter.
"So do I," Dean agreed. "I've always wanted to have a family of my own."
The omega glanced at the clock, groaning at the time. It was getting late and he still needed to get ready. He closed his laptop, going to the bathroom to start taking a shower. He let the hot water fall over him, taking in the warmth, letting his hand rest on his stomach.
Cas smiled. "That's sweet. What if I pop out of a cake dressed in lingerie and give you a lap dance?"
"Hmm," Cas hummed, thinking. "There is one thing I really need right now."
"That's why I was calling," Gabe paused, sighing, "mom and dad wanted you to come home for Thanksgiving."
The older Winchester looked up at Cas like he was a glass of ice water in a hot desert. The omega couldn't help but smile at the way Dean was looking at him.
"What if it's a girl, Dean? You have to think of names for a boy or a girl," the omega retorted.
Mary had put the freshly baked pie in the dining room table, getting everyone a piece.
"We can change that," the alpha insisted, grabbing a handful of Cas' ass. "I'll put that dirty mouth to use."
The alpha crossed his arms. "Don't objectify me."
"How nice!" Dumah commented.
"Do you think that's a good idea?" Dean asked.
Dean's knot was so close to catching. He continued pounding Cas' ass harshly, not giving two fucks about how tired he was. All his brain could focus on was how amazing Cas felt, tightening around his cock, sending waves of pleasure crashing into him.
"Shit," the alpha gritted out as his knot finally caught, hot come spilling into the young omega.
Not too much later, there was a knock on the door. Cas quickly fixed his clothes and hair, which wasn't cooperating. He grabbed his phone and ran downstairs. He was hoping to get to the door before one of his siblings. Luckily, everyone was in the living room watching an animated movie with Claire.
The omega came with a cry. Dean's knot popped in and out until it tied them together, the alpha painting Cas' insides white.
"Okay, what about the third one?" Dean asked, grabbing the paper from behind Cas.
"Don't give me that. You know 'what.'" Gabe retorted.
The coach called time out, getting all the players in a circle. Once they were set in a strategy, they broke apart and went back on field, with Dean now included.
"I'm so glad you guys are here," Cas admitted. "It's just you two?"
"So, that means you two can decide what we get to do today," Cas said, trying to keep Jack from making a mess.
Cas tried pulling away, crying, pushing and hitting Dean's chest. "I don't want your apologies! I fucking hate you."
The Winchester put him down, kissing him again. "Sorry, baby. You just look so gorgeous. Stunning, pregnant with our pup."
"Hi, Cas," Hannah said, hugging her older brother.
Cas agreed and went to change quickly.
The omega chuckled a bit. "You can start by packing my awards, pictures, paint, and paint brushes."
"Exactly," Cas stated.
Cas nodded, looking away from his half naked roommate. He was about to turn back to his studies when someone knocked on their door.
"She's probably still upset about the situation. Maybe she just honestly missed me."
"I'm just tired. Don't worry," the alpha said, kissing Cas softly before walking to their bedroom.
Cas stood there, absorbing what was being said. He was trying to put all the puzzle pieces together, but he couldn't. His mind was racing. He walked outside to calm himself and try to process. He sat on one of the front steps.
"No, it's okay, Dean," Cas said, throwing his bag over his shoulder. "It's fine. I wasn't offended."
"Yeah. And I have some more great news," Dean started. "I'm going to need a receptionist to run the front desk and I know a sexy omega that needs a job."
The alpha snapped out of it and looked at Cas. "Hmm?"
"Yes. I don't want her to get sick," Cas confirmed, kissing the top of Claire's head. "I'll be right back, honey. Then maybe we can still go skating."
He dragged himself out of bed to use the restroom. When he was finished, he went to the living room to stay on the couch until Dean walked back through the door. But he didn't have to wait. Dean was already home, sitting on the couch, fast asleep. Cas rushed over and flopped on Dean's lap, waking the alpha.
"Cassie, she looks like she's being smothered," Gabriel pointed out.
Cas smiled. "I love you too."
"They were messing around in my aunt's bar. I had to do it." Dean shrugged, leaning back in his seat.
It was time for Cas to get back home. He knew if he got home even a minute late, his dad was definitely going to punish him.
The omega smiled at the thought. "And you'll be mine."
"And what might that be?"
"Oh, yeah. I forgot about that," Cas remembered.
"I really don't want one. I just want to have fun with my friends."
"What the fuck is that supposed to mean?" Dean challenged.
"I think you made the right choice," John agreed.
"Let's do something Friday. I'll pick you up from school, come back here to change, then go to a nice restaurant. Maybe we could invite Charlie and Gilda," Dean offered.
"I know." Cas sighed. "It's hard, you know. My mom is very picky about my mate. I was lucky she approved of Inias. She prefers me being with an alpha rather than a beta, so when I brought Inias home, I was nervous."
"Hey," Mick interrupted, walking up next to Cas.
"Seriously?" Cas laughed. "You won't have to eat snails. They have a lot of other food I'm sure you'll like."
Just then, the waitress came back over with two plates in her hand. She placed one in front of each of them.
"Oh, god," the omega moaned, feeling Dean's tongue plunge into him. "More, daddy."
Cas looked up at Dean. "as a symbol of my love..."
"Yes," the omega confirmed. "We're moving in today."
"I said leave me alone."
"You didn't complain when we conceived her," Dean pointed out.
"Babe, it's only 7."
"Why am I friends with you?" Cas mumbled walking to the door.
Dean took the shirt, examining it. "Are you sure?"
Dean nodded, drawing circles into the omega's skin. "Do you find it weird that I've know you since you were a kid and now we're here sleeping together? 10 years is a pretty big gap."
"Come on, Dean. I can tell him the situation and I'm sure he'll be more than happy to keep me company throughout the day so Dick can't get too close. Besides, we have all the same classes anyway," Cas argued.
"Why did you all of a sudden want to go back? I thought you weren't going back when you started a family."
The omega lifted his hips to help Dean take his jeans off, leaving him in pink satin panties.
"Have you thought of any baby names?" Sam asks.
Dean was at work while Cas was at home, still on winter vacation. The young boy decided he was going to clean a little around the house then take a nice long bath.
"Hey, where's your bathroom?" Dean interrupted.
Gadreel chuckled. "Well, you turned out fine. Especially for having three older brothers. My older brother use to practically torture me."
Sam and Eileen looked at each other blushing furiously.
Cas sat on Dean's lap, rolling his hips onto Dean's thick cock. "So, the first one was horrible," the omega said, looking through a few pages of apartments.
"I said no thank you." Cas looked up to eye his admirer. "I can buy my own drinks."
"Cas, you look so cute," Gilda complimented, hugging Cas.
The young Novak started shoveling fork fulls of pancakes in his mouth, his stomach satisfied.
The couple went over to everyone else and said their goodbyes before heading out to leave back to the hotel. Once they got there, Cas shed himself of his jacket and went to sit on the bed, head in his hands.
"Please," Naomi scoffed. "His friends are all teenagers that can't afford presents for him. With my friends, it's a sure way that he will get top of the line things."
"Well, first off, these are for you." Gadreel pulled a small bouquet of flowers from behind his back. "I met your red headed friend. Charlie I think she said."
The old lady Cas was currently chatting up was Ms. Mosley, a beta. She had a cat that the omega was in love with. Cas or Dean would always help her if she needed anything. Just last week, Dean fixed the faucet on her sink because the landlord wasn't answering any of her calls.
Dean chuckled, nosing at Cas' cheek, kissing him. "If I ever hurt you, I give you permission to kick my ass."
The blue eyed omega slapped Dean's hands away. "Stop, you weirdo. You need to get out of your clothes. I hate that smell."
"Those girls bought them for you two," the waiter said, pointing at two girls at the bar, both omegas.
"My mother forced me to compete in different academic competitions. Ever since I was 5, she wanted me to be ahead of everyone else. She wanted me to make something of myself." Cas relived the memories as he told the alpha. He sighed, shaking his head. "I know I should want to burn them, but I'm proud of my accomplishments."
"First floor, to you right then it's the second door on your left," Cas pointed out.
"I know, but I don't like sleeping alone. I want my gorgeous omega next to me."
The alpha grabbed the pack of cigarettes he hid behind the little pot of daisies Cas planted. He lit it, taking a long satisfying drag. He leaned over the railing, blowing the smoke out, tapping the ashes over the rail.
Cas started crying, looking at how beautiful their daughter was and much she looked like Dean with the omega's blue eyes.
"Are you sure?" Cas wondered.
"I think I have a horrible fever," Cas answered, putting the back of his hand on his forehead.
"Oh my god!" Cas exclaimed, holding on as Dean kept pistoning his hips, fucking Cas fast and hard, hitting the exact perfect spot. "Holy shit! Yes, daddy!"
Cas tried not to look at him. "Um, it was fine. Just the same stuff. I have a big project due next week for history class."
"That and I'm a little tipsy," the alpha joked. "I'm sorry that I keep running into you."
"It's hard to find couples that check Charlie's list," Gilda teased.
"Dean," was the only thing that came out of Cas' mouth.
"Fuck yes," Cas breathed out, satisfied with the feeling of being stretched and filled.
"Hey, Meg." Cas hugged her. "We went to Pat's to get a bite last night. We thought you would be there."
Later on when class started, Dean took a seat in the back of the class as everyone shuffled in to their seats. That's when he saw the same guy he saw earlier walk in. The boy looked around, trying to find an empty seat, before seeing a free seat by Dean.
"Dean!" Cas scolded. "Those were expensive."
"But...?" Dean wondered.
"I have some hot chocolate and Christmas cookies with your name on it," Gabriel sang.
I know it might kill the story all together, but I wanted to give it a try.
"I don't know. I want to know so we can get the room ready for our pup, but I also want it to be a surprise," Cas replied.
Dean took his shoes off, laying next to Cas, softly caressing his hair.
"I wasn't sure if you still wanted to talk to me. I'm not that interesting," Cas replied.
Sam cut him off. "Cas, none of that is true. Not in the slightest. Dean is ready to get married to you. He told me he's never been more sure and that he's found the perfect omega."
"Please, daddy," Cas begged.
"Cas, I'm so fucking sorry," Dean apologized.
Cas bit his lip, turning around to look up at Dean. "Will I be the hot young nurse you're fucking in the broom closet during your break?"
The alpha awoke to the sound of his omega puking his guts out in the trash bin next to the bed.
When the omega got there, he noticed the door was open. His roommate must finally be there.
He sat on his bed, letting out a long breath. His eye caught the little piece of paper on his nightstand with Gadreel's number on it.
"How the fuck am I supposed to know? It's not like I did it on purpose." Cas collapsed on his bed and started crying more.
"I miss you taking me to school and picking me up," Cas grumbled.
Once the couple was dressed, they drove over to the Novak's house for the baby shower. There were nice, new, expensive cars parked around the house, down to the next block. Dean had to park at his parent's house next door.
Cas rolled his eyes, playfully. "Really? That's your come-on?"
Cas cuddled into the warmth of his alpha, resting his head on Dean's bare chest. Dean covered the up with the blankets, tucking them in from the cool air.
"Oh, fuck, daddy," the omega moaned.
"You little brat," Dean mumbled to himself.
Cas' face and chest flushed pink. "Dean."
Benny decided to leave since it was already after midnight. He thanked Dean and hoped they could get a drink before he left. Dean happily agreed, giving Benny a quick hug before letting him out.
The omega looked back one last time, waving at Dean, before going back inside. The moment he walked in, he was met with his brother's upset face.
"No, it's fine," Cas said, putting his coat on. "I have to see what they have. She's allergic to certain ingredients."
"Stop, you're going to make me pee."
"I, uh, weren't you just asleep a second ago?" Dean was confused, especially with all the blood in another place.
"Sounds like Jack is awake," Cas chuckled.
"Of course, baby. We'll be fine. I promise. I'll take care of us," Dean cooed, squeezing both of Cas' hands. "I'm going to get us that apartment."
"I was thinking, since it's Friday, we can go apartment hunting," the alpha suggested as he pulled out of the school parking lot, the engine roaring just the way Cas loves.
Cas started riding Dean again, "Can we not talk about this? I'm having a good time."
"Hi, daddy," Cas greeted.
"Hey," Dean greeted.
Dean pulled Cas into a hug. "It's okay, baby boy. I promise you, I'll be fine. Don't be scared."
"Thank you, Mr. and Mrs. Winchester," the omega said timidly.
Dean nodded, processing all of what Cas said. "I don't know. Maybe we just got too serious too fast."
Cas just nodded, hugging himself, watching the youngest Winchester disappear inside the front office.
"I almost didn't fit in this outfit," Cas chuckled, rubbing his stomach. "Did you like the surprise?"
"Holy fucking hell," Dean muttered.
Cas breathed a laugh. "Alpha, calm down. I'm fine. Everything's fine. It might have been something I ate or whatever. Relax."
"I don't want to hear anything you have to say," Cas snapped, tears rolling down his cheeks. "Stay the hell away from me."
"How do I look?" Dean asked, turning to face his brother and father.
"You like that?" Dean questioned.
"Hi," Cas whispered, still sleepy.
Dean sighed, zipping the back of the outfit. "I'm gonna feel like an old man at a kindergarten party."
"I was a stupid kid. I was scared to be a father at 18. I didn't know what else to do but run away from everything. I know that wasn't the right thing to do, but I couldn't handle it."
Cas hit Dean's chest with the back of his hand. "Dean."
"Who else is going?" Cas questioned.
"Yeah, he's pretty damn cute," Dean smiled. "We can go see them when they're back at home."
And then, light.
Cas and Anna drag the ghoul carcass back to the den. He notes the drag marks of blood. He stifles a chuckle. The ghoul’s no longer lying about being dragged to the den. If it doesn’t rain, they’ve made a very clear trail for the police to follow. Castiel makes a mental note to check the Goshen area newspapers for any reports of the discovery of some mysterious serial killer’s dumping ground. They make quick work retrieving any incriminating evidence, though there’s not much they can do about Castiel’s pool of blood. After cleaning their tracks, they make their way to the Volvo.
Anna spent six months hunting on her own before she rejoined Chuck and Castiel. She returned in one piece with a demon who claimed that she was only there to help. Castiel is sure that Ruby still resents him for the face full of holy water she received when he realized Anna had been traveling with a demon. Ruby promised them a number of things, but most importantly, she promised she could get Chuck out of his deal. All they had to do was figure out who held his contract. Then, she said, they needed to hunt the demon down and off them. Ruby wasn’t even in the state when Chuck died. Castiel wonders how differently the last two years would have been if Chuck hadn’t placed his trust in a demon.
Cas stumbles back, vision turning prickly. Chuck used to explain in gentle tones Castiel’s namesake. The shield of God, keeping a watchful eye on humanity. Cas stopped believing in the stories years ago. Now, with an angel before him discussing the shield of God, he reconsiders. “What’s the real Castiel like?”
Anna is pouring through Chuck’s journal when Castiel emerges from the bathroom, body clean and teeth brushed. Cas’ lips quirk upwards. Anna, always looking for the next move. “Find anything?”
“We’ll be in touch.” With that, Dean is gone with a flap of wings.
“Are you okay?”
Castiel runs through every case he’d ever worked, searching for any loose end that made him uneasy. Maybe it’s the shock, but nothing stands out to him. “Messes?”
with a demon.
“You don’t know that, Cas,” Anna counters, “If the dreams are real, maybe Ruby can find where they have him. We can find-”
Cas takes a moment to really look at Anna. She’s smiling weakly at him, but there’s hope simmering underneath. She turns to the pulpit and looks genuinely happy to be in a church again. Until now, he hadn’t considered that Anna did not want to be lapsed.
“You’re a clever little guy, Cas. Just, stay that way and wait for our call.”
Anna pulls at his wrists, revealing his face. She holds his hands together, as if in prayer.
Cas turns his head to look at Anna. She’s thinking too.
A beat passes as the ghoul realizes its cover is blown. The ghoul wearing Cindy leaps forward. Castiel raises his shotgun. Gun cocked, trigger pulled. Boom.
Castiel keels forward, the heels of his shaky palms digging into his eyes. “It’s Dad. They’re linked.”
Castiel jolts awake in a pool of sweat. Anna is on him immediately. This isn’t the first time that she’s woken to him like this, after all.
He does not dream about Hell tonight. Instead, he observes a bright light bursting around him.
Barely breathing, Cas kneels down, touching his head to the linoleum. He reaches out and presses his palms down. A prickle travels up his spine. Cas’ shoulders buckle upward towards his ears as his head is thrown back. The prickle bursts in his neck and he sees white. His breaths build, erratically huffing in and out. With each exhale, he comes outside himself. Cas imagines his mind floating above him, spectral and detached, unreal and protected. Hands that are his and aren’t his press into his forehead, grabbing and pulling at his hair. His body turns cold.
Cas sighs and sits on his bed. “I’m sorry.”
. The hypocrisy still stings. Chuck can make a deal and be damned to hell, but no child of his can make the same deal. Each child honored their promise. Then came Ruby. Anna will be the first to point out that no, she has not made a deal. Chuck said nothing about
Ruby and Anna move to another room and get to work. Castiel opts to stay where he is and flips through an old book. It’s nearly indecipherable, written in Old English, but he tries his best. In the other room, he hears Ruby and Anna speak in hushed tones.
The blond’s smile turns genuine. Cas watches him shoo off the dart team and call the bartender. “Can I get a pabst for me and a G&T for….” He trails off, looking to Castiel.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Castiel lies, tapping his hand against his jacket pocket. Relief floods through him as he touches Ruby’s knife. The demon may have gotten into his pants, but it did not get into his jacket.
Anna pauses, realizing what she’d said. “No, of course I don’t. I’m sorry, Cas.”
Cas bites his tongue and looks at Anna. She meets his eyes and takes over. “It was real. We had to burn the gauze after this happened. The knife that stabbed him still had his blood on it.”
There are others around him, all shrieking as their own demons work them over. Castiel recognizes each one. The elderly woman to Chuck’s left, the young man two to Chuck’s right. To Chuck’s immediate right, an empty space. Cas stares. The brown haired man is missing. Until now, every dream was the same. Now, there’s an empty rack, open and inviting.
Chuck screams as the demon pulls the blade towards itself. Castiel averts his eyes, avoiding the sight of his father’s arm torn in twain.
The pit of dread in Cas’ stomach grows as he follows Anna down the stairs and into the chapel. They slide into the back pew and wait for the service to start.
Below him, a bone cracks. The light moves closer towards him, moving to envelop. It opens up and —
Cas wets his lips. “I was falling asleep and then there was some bright light. It felt like something touched me. Then the light’s gone and I’m fine.”
“Oh, sure you do,” The demon snarls, tapping at Luke’s temple. “You’re tuned in, aren’t you?”
Castiel is patient. Two hours after sunset, he keeps his eyes fixed on the den. Anna shuffles behind him. This isn’t where her strengths lie. Anna shines in conversation, knowing exactly what to say to local police and other persons of interest. She can pull out information Cas isn’t even sure the people themselves know. But waiting? Anna wants action. She wants to be on the move.
“What is?”
“You’ll let me know if he changes his mind, though?”
“I’m pressing down on the knife wound as hard as I can and then that light showed up out of nowhere. There was this ringing, it was so loud. I thought that my head was gonna burst.” Anna replies.
Castiel smirks. The first time he hid there, he worried that Gabriel forgot about him. After an unsuccessful half hour search, his older brother gave up, loudly announcing he was going to the kitchen for ‘grilled cheeses with Jesus.’ Anna noticed Castiel almost immediately after she was found, but kept quiet.
In the end, there was no solution. No crossroads demon was found. When Chuck’s time was up, Castiel and Anna watched their father die. Gabriel didn’t.
“Then, what am I supposed to do?” Cas snaps.
A bright light appears. For the first time, Castiel feels observed in this dream. He turns to his side and observes the light. Shining and brilliant, it remains beside him. While too bright to make out features, he sees a figure within the light. Much larger than he is, the figure stretches, emitting a high pitched ringing. This causes Castiel to pause. Until now, there was never any sound in these dreams.
Anna checks on him during communion. She offered to sit with him out in the lobby, but he shoos her back in. She’s not convinced. “You know, he’s talking about angels.”
Castiel tilts his head at the closing door. He feels raw, and discussing Gabriel feels like hitting an exposed nerve. Images flash of the hellhound’s claws digging into Chuck, tearing him apart. Castiel and Anna screaming, guns cocked and emptying into the hounds. They called Gabriel the next day. Anna was twitchy and Cas was numb, but Gabriel’s reaction was unexpected. Their older brother told them there was nothing more than they could have done. He would no longer dwell on it and advised they do the same. Of course, he wasn’t there when it happened. He didn’t see the life seep out of his father like Cas and Anna had. At that point, it felt like he was separated enough from the quest to keep Chuck alive that it was no longer an issue for him. Meanwhile, his siblings listened to him on the phone, shellshocked. A year later and nothing to show for it, Gabriel may have been right all along.
The ghoul is fast, zig zagging to avoid the impact. The buckshot only hits its shoulder. Cas aims again, but before he can fire, the ghoul is on him. Ghouls are fast.
This part of town is too populated for a stabbing to go unnoticed. The cameras in the bar can pinpoint Castiel with Luke right before a fatal stabbing. Exorcism, then. Cas recites the shortest exorcism he knows. The demon thrashes against the words. Castiel produces Ruby’s knife and rests it near his throat, a promise of what will come if he struggles. A few extra lines of Latin and Cas watches the demon descend to Hell in a pother, ripped from Luke’s (or whatever his real name is) body. The human collapses onto the ground.
Castiel says nothing, opting to curl up and fade away.
“Makes sense. I mean, there’s nothing that makes a strong argument for a link outside of dreamland.” She offers with a weak smile.
“Anna, I need a minute.” He says, slamming the door.
Chuck, put back together, sighs a breath of relief. The demon places its blade in Chuck’s hand. It closes Chuck’s fingers around the hilt and murmurs something inaudible. Chuck’s hand tightens, gripping before dropping the blade. Castiel imagines the sound of metal hitting the ground. The demon appears to sigh before bending over to pick up the fallen blade. It takes the blade in both hands and sinks it into Chuck’s forearm. The cycle repeats.
