John closes his eyes. No one has seen it; most days John himself can barely bring himself to look at it.
It was brilliant timing and eased the slightly strained atmosphere considerably. Sally laughed and I flicked John a quick, raised eyebrow look. He nodded almost imperceptibly, thus agreeing with me that Sally is indeed very pretty.
John shakes his head. “No, not at all.” He looks down at the poem again and small parts of Sherlock’s sentiment shine at him. “You’re fluent in me?”
"I know you went for days without changing and showering in the harsh terrain of Afghanistan, but you might like some clean underwear."
“When a gay man falls in love with a straight man and hopes against hope that the straight man might reciprocate. Meanwhile the straight man just thinks that they’re just good friends and has no idea that every straight thing he does fucks the gay man up. It’s no one’s fault, it’s just one those ugly things that happen.”
So on this Thursday, while Sherlock is sorting out the Broken Beer Bottle killer, John, who he has never met but would have if only he walked through the park and not around it, is going to his boring job for the last time.
“Don’t climb down the stairs! I’m on my way!” John rushes up to her and scoops her up in his arms, as if she has been lost for decades and he has found her against all hope. Sherlock is waiting for her downstairs, and John immediately puts her into his arms, understanding that grief and loss sits just as heavy with him, and at this moment, Rosie and Rosie alone can ease it.
His progress, however, has been seriously hindered by his misplaced phone which is still cheeping to itself under his fridge.
“No it isn’t. If you were any kind of doctor you would have seen I was in pain, made a pass at me and not taken Bosomy Rose to the hear Vivaldi. Incidentally, did you do that to annoy me?”
“Yeah, do that.” What Sherlock thinks is of no consequence because Billy has already thumbed through his wallet and handed over Ademar’s business card, and has decided to send Ademar a text. Billy likes Sherlock and thinks he of all people would benefit from a real miracle. Can’t hurt. “Anyway, best get going. I’ve got a craving for falafel and Lebanese pickles. Sing out if you need any favours!”
The height of each suspect would help clarify who was mostly to have inflicted the wound. But in order to assess that , I’d need to measure the wound and compare it to similar wounds.
She had been very sweet . You stay home and get better, she had said kindly. And don't worry about meeting me at the hospital, I'll come and pick you up tomorrow. No, it's fine, it's the least I can do. Everyone at Nan's hospital is so excited about the new cat. You take care.
When the exhausted nurse finally kicked me out of the hospital, I went home and read everything I could to find out what I needed. Which turned out to be a lot.
“Yeah, but …well, I knew what she was. After she shot you the first time, I knew everything, even without knowing, if that makes sense.”
The Head of Therapy and Michelle are both looking at John, waiting for a response. He feels like he's receiving them in faint waves. "I think Rhonda will fit in perfectly," is the best he can come up with.
Our relationship was still very new, and was juggled alongside a baby who liked to cry about nothing special whenever the fancy struck him, and for how ever long he felt like.
That is no effort for Sherlock. He is always thinking about John in one way or another. He shuts down all the other active files in his head and puts John, cheerful and wearing a striped t-shirt, at the centre of his thoughts.
But, of course, it is Sherlock who observes them as one might watch an abcess rupture, before he moves forward to defend his blog’s number one reader.
“No idea. They showed Lestrade when he was trying to track down the mother.  He confiscated the phone and deleted it.”
But now sharing dinner they are content, chattering happily and with great vivacity. Amarita asks Mycroft about his work; he tells her eagerly of negotiations he has underway in Nairobi for some lucrative contracts in new quinoa farms since they'd undermined the market in South America. Sherlock bristles but waits his turn, when he can tell her about solving the not exactly suicides case and the aneurism in the cab driver who collapsed on his arrest and his own inability to render himself unconscious by trying to drain all his blood to his head.
There are twelve patients currently in the Hospice. Julia is in ward 303, a quiet room at the back of the hospital reserved for patients with pulmonary illnesses. She is asleep when they enter the room, an old lady in a non-descript nightgown, grey hair dull and untidy, her face sunken under the weight of deep lines and sallow for want of a deep breath.
Lestrade takes a deep breath. He’s come prepared and left the best until last. “Well, I don’t know if it’s fascinating, but I for one am intrigued that it is the fourth robbery of its kind in less than a week, that the assailant wore a coat and tails and a Hello Kitty mask AND that each victim – all of whom I might add are very unsettled – describe the assailant as being about fifteen years old.”
And Albion, precious cold, frightened and hungry Albion, launched a category nine wail on me for not having a boring, safe job like spot welding.
Every day the game is re-invented, and every day Sherlock and Eurus become closer. Victor, a lonely, nervous little boy, blooms in their company. He’s grieving privately for soon, Victor will be sent away to London to go to school, a prim, second tier boarding school where generations of his ginger family have studied. He doesn’t want to go.
My son. When first you say that, and it is true, you start to see your whole life in an entirely different light.
This morning they walk through the park to St Barts, where Sherlock plans to use the superior microscope and check some fibre analysis with the lab.
John, now mindful of the solid ground on which he stands, moves his face back slightly. “Well,” he says with an endearing awkwardness.
“I’ll get him some Brylcreem.” John kept stroking. “Actually, all that fluffy hair will fall out shortly, and he’ll start growing his real hair. He might have curls.”
“Well, you already have one, but it’s not very interesting. I have to make one to hold all your sex things now.”
"You're welcome." The kids are crowding around the cage as he walks to the door and waves with a half raised hand. "Bye."
“It’s been a big day for him,” I said. “He had his first solids today too. Tell Uncle Mycroft what stewed plums taste like.”
Greg is unmoved. “Sherlock, this is an old sick woman in hospital on her deathbed. God knows what drugs they’re giving her. Nothing she says is of any value.”
“I want to go here,” John says to the taxi driver, leaning in the window and showing him Ademar Silver’s business card.
"Yes, quite bright, but frail and completely detached from her present situation. Most of her conversation is based around people and events from about 1970. Have you met any people with Alzheimer's before?"
“But don’t get frightened. The Woodsman had a very good heart, and once they got to the woods he told the Snow White to run away, because he knew there were some little people – dwarves is the archaic medical term for their condition – who lived in a cottage on the other side of the woods.
Sherlock is cursing his stupidity in wearing just a towel, curses the familiar comfort that has developed between them. He talks haltingly and will not meet John’s eyes.
That cemented a pattern for us both – I end up in deep water, looking for metaphorical frogs, and Mycroft saves me. We’ve been doing it now for thirty six years. It’s what we do.
“Sorry to drag you away from Steel Magnolias,” I mumbled while I gently jiggled my non-smiling baby.
“You have a history of drug use, and Albion’s mother has a criminal record for possession. They flagged you both when he was born.“
We took him home two days after he was born. Adrienne was still completely uninterested. She refused to hold him and refused to feed him, preferring to play some squeaking game on her phone instead.
“Yes, that’s the intention.” Sherlock can only meet his eyes for a second before he must look away. “So…are you keeping them?”
Lestrade looked at me like he does when I explain the most basic, most obvious elements of a crime to him – wanting to believe, but not quite able to understand. I broke it down into easily digested, bite-sized pieces.
“Oh. Well, in the morning, John or I change him and he has breakfast with us. He likes a bottle and more recently, stewed plums. Then he has a bath and I dress him. He has a nanny, who lives downstairs, and she cares for him during the day and I generally work on cases, so I can visit whenever I want. When he’s a little older I will probably be out more, but only on weekdays. We have lunch together. The nanny finishes at four in the afternoon, and then we have a walk. Albion likes the park and is particularly keen to see birds and dogs.  Sometimes I show him leaves and recently have been explaining photosynthesis to him. We have dinner when we return home. As I explained, he’s just started on solid foods. The nanny has made him some custards and bought some bottled foods but I’m not sure if he’ll eat the bottled food yet.”
Money has not brought him happiness. His bank account swells but John can't think of anything he wants to do, apart from be back in an unpredictable dangerous war in his scrubs, living on his wits and striving in every action to do no harm while harm stalks him like a panther.
Adrienne went to bed as soon as we got home, in the former Watson room. She was texting someone, and talking on the phone with someone, so I imagine the drug lord who was going to kill me would be coming around for his eighty grand soon.
Greg can see a myriad of problems sprouting like weeds on the day before him, but here’s Mycroft, dressed impeccably, and privately thrilled that his timing on this morning is so precise.
“I do. And sorry, I don’t mean like a friend. I mean like I love you like people in books and movies purport love each other. Like I could grab you and dance with you. Like I want to hold your hand when we go out together. I love you like a normal person falls in love with some one and it’s romantic and cherubs nest in the corners of their room or whatever happens. I love you like – “
“I’m fine, but thank you. Rest assured that if I need someone assaulted and feel unable to do it myself, you will be the first person I’ll call.”
Mycroft divests himself immediately to sit with Rosie, who is now standing up in her chair to greet him. He has brought her a special pencil to take to nursery, and will even offer to drive her in there in the black car, which is always a treat.
“Okay.” I pulled him a little closer and kissed his hair. “So after the pretty lady was arrested, the Prince, who she shot again, went to hospital and the Woodsman gave up on everything and walked around the world. The Prince was heartbroken. He rushed out, still with his stitches in, looking for drugs and apparently had sex with a strange kind of fairy who ended up having a baby, which she didn’t want and who the Prince adored. But he was only able to adore the baby because the Woodsman had taught him where his heart was, and how much love it could hold.”
She turned and gave me her gorgeous smile. “Oh, Sherlock. That is simply beautiful. Such a lovely, manly name.”
Mr Wridge, as he was known to all his staff, demolished the glass house out the back,  re-built the pagoda and totally remodelled the interiors of the main house. The amended building now contained offices, a reception room and two meeting rooms for prospective clients and suppliers.
“Hello. I’m Detective Lestrade from Scotland Yard. I’m an old friend of Sherlock’s, just dropped in for a visit.”
"I beg to differ. You went to an enormous amount of trouble to ensure his face was stitched earlier this evening." Mycroft turns to Sherlock. "Mummy will be devastated that you went to someone else."
I could fit my thumb over his entire shoulder. He had collar bones, elbows and wrists. There were even little armpits. It had never occurred to me that armpits could be so small. When I’d fully absorbed that he had armpits, I carefully unfolded his fingers and put my pinkie in his palm and watched, open mouthed, as he closed his own threads of fingers around mine.
“Yes. Albion likes stories about animals – particularly boars - and he likes stories with morals. Sometimes I incorporate him into the story, but only as a bystander or as a hero. Never with a gun or sword though.”
(I love John Watson when he’s like this. He plants both feet on the ground and folds his arms across his chest. It’s masterful.)
In the morning, their wedding day, John finds a small slip of paper wrapped carefully around his razor:
They barely close the door upstairs when John grabs Sherlock and pulls him over close, mouth open and huffing. He takes Sherlock’s hand and rubs it over the urgent swelling in his pants. Touch me, he wants to say, touch the things you like about me, but can’t so instead relies, like all lovers, on his scent and heavy eyes.
It had never been my intention to have a partner, much less a family, but I’d never counted on finding my heart.
I knew how this was going to finish. Mycroft would be stern and cautious, and then would melt and become like Olympia Dukakis in that film I saw once by accident but deleted straight after.
John called us best friends once but I don’t really know what that means. When he told me I had to wait until he was gone and look it up on Google. I couldn’t find anything that really described us. I think we were much more than best friends.
And on the left hand side, where one would write their greeting, each one had exactly the same text:
That evening, John and Sherlock pore over the file once again. Rosie is asleep in John’s old bed in the Big’s Girl’s room.
Sherlock's face grows instantly aggrieved. "It's just for a second, " John whispers. "They'll hook you up for an ECG and as soon as they see there's no problem they'll drop you way down the list and leave you. Anyway, it'll take them at least an hour to find an the cardiology registrar this time on a Saturday night. I'll be in five minutes."
Lestrade shook his head. “We don’t think she is. I’ve looked at her hospital records. She was entirely clean when she had Albion, which rules out her using at least a fortnight before he was born.”
She meant Albion. “Yes. This is Albion.” I wanted to ask her if she still had my lighter, but thought the better of it. John Watson does not approve of smoking.
"Donovan, I have no idea, and frankly I don't care. I don't know why it's of any importance to any of you. Now go find volume one of the brief and bring it back here now."
The tea was somewhat satisfactory but it made him slightly full. He spent a few interesting minutes pressing his intestines, chasing small lines of bubbles and liquid through the soft tract. Then he sat down to a read A Book of Luminous Things. It was a promising title; Sherlock is very partial to luminous things. He found the book wanting. Granted, a few of the poems were definitely conductors of light but there was little luminosity. He did another two lines and plucked aimlessly at the violin for a while then another two lines which kept him awake the rest of the night, trying to recall the contents of the Luminous book in the order that he had read it. When he managed that he tried to do it backwards. He closed his eyes to sleep at the first signs of light of the third caseless day.
“Too much?” Sherlock asks with genuine curiousity, and everyone laughs except Ryan.  Shy, awkward Ryan who has no friends and can barely raise the courage to speak to the bus driver, opens his arms and launches himself around Sherlock’s waist. Sherlock is not a great fan of spontaneous affection but he can feel how earnest this hug is and gingerly pats the boy’s soft hair.
I ran my hands over the veins in his arms, looking for the rage. He responded by drawing me a little closer, inviting me into his warmth and mouth, bumping his body against me as he loosened my clothes.
“Yes, but I’ve got a bigger brain, opposable digits and I can reason. That’s a bloody bird with a brain the size of a peanut and it’s gone to a huge amount of trouble to impress a girl bird.”
She wears an oxygen mask permanently these days, while a discreet canula runs an endless stream of saline and painkillers into her blood.
We stood there naked, smiling at one another. I was about to say something nice, a more restrained version of ‘I can’t bear the thought of you being anywhere without me for the whole of time’ but Albion started wailing for his late night meal.
We also got to the see the victim himself, but since the autopsy had been performed, he had been cleaned and most of the most important clues washed away.
After feeding one another pizza and some slightly greasy nuzzling, Sherlock shows John all he knows about oral sex while simultaneously opening a file about John’s penis in his mind palace. John reciprocates by showing Sherlock exactly how potent the prostate gland can be. When they finish, they squabble over the etiquette of swallowing (“If you swallow, you should make a production of it so your partner can see, John”) and who should go and make the cups of tea.
“So what happened?” I asked. I thought that Snow White and the Prince were about to be trampled by dinosaurs, which happens with alarming regularity in the stories Albion tells.
“Ah, good. You’re both awake.” Mycroft was wearing his business face. “I trust you’ve all recovered from yesterday’s ordeal?”
The party has just stepped outside when the homicide teams arrive. The council man is frightened of dogs and says he will wait inside.
Her eyes fill immediately with tears, but she clutches her hands together, those last ashes of hope still there. “Is she alive?”
(There had been plates many years ago, a full dinner service of creamy flat Wedgwood plates with broad lips of gold trim. Sherlock, aged 14, had broken all of them in one go after an especially intense episode of inconsequential sibling torment with Mycroft found him cornered in the kitchen and quite likely to pummelled to a bloody pulp. The plates had been stacked on the counter behind him and, one by one, Sherlock smashed them in front of him. "It's a force field," he snarled at his brother. "You can't get through it."
Adrienne was looking out the window. She didn’t find me very interesting at all. “For honour and stuff.”
“I never used to have my quotidian details, assorted flaws and shoe size advertised on your blog either.”
She sobs uncontrollably and John gently eases her into the chair. That is the sole interaction they have – no one tries to console her, or tries to escort her away. They let her stay for nearly fifteen minutes, and it is again John who takes her arm and leads her away as Molly zips the bag shut.
He moved onto balloons. They were even more pointless than flowers, although maybe not if he got some helium ones, because the stores of the gas are depleting and he might not have many opportunities to experiment with it in the future.
John shrugs nervously, hesitant to share egregious information. "When I was in the middle east, I met a CIA agent who was heading investigations into the heroin trade. It was a big deal" –
The calls are getting more urgent and a little louder. He looks amongst the people around him, half interested, but there are no familiar faces.
Sherlock nods, half standing to move to the victim’s feet, where he examines the dead man’s shoes and the concrete floor where he stood before he died.
My parents, old men now and happy always because of each other, are gifts so large, and so much a part of my life, that I barely see them day to day.
Ludwig smiled to himself as finished his observations with a sweep of his pen and a neat full stop. He finally had a first.
John and Greg are watching Sherlock spin around the Bond Street robbery crime scene. Sherlock is in hog heaven, having recognised the key element of the crime, explaining the evidence and clues, and declaring immediately who might be responsible.
I had my arms wrapped around my son so tightly my biceps cramped. My mouth opened but I couldn’t make any words come out.
“Yes, obviously. There’s no slip marks here. The blow has knocked him out cold, he’s fallen like a tree and cracked his skull. How long would he lived?”
So Mummy stayed an extra two weeks, and spent as much time every day as she could with Eurus, who already was blooming like an open meadow of early spring flowers. It was extraordinary to watch, and the young mother felt deep regret and guilt that she had not grasped the extent of Eurus gifts, and failed to nurse them properly. She tortured herself, thinking how she might redress her oversight.
"He then calls the dealers on their own phones to set up delivery." "Yes. Think of it as a kind of mobile phone switchboard."
He wonders if they ever wipe down the shared surfaces afterwards. The thought nags him to bilious caution and he stops eating at home.
When he gets home the lights are all off, Sherlock has disappeared and – when John turns on the main light – a single red helium balloon is floating just inches from his face, its long ribbon tail finishing exactly at his eye line so he can see his name written clearly on the envelope attached to it.
Mrs Hudson and Anya then appeared at the door and politely edged their way in. Anthea hardly noticed them.
“John is entirely right,” he declares and everyone gasps softly. “I should at least consider it. And now I have. Yes, inspector, take me to the latest crime scene and let’s see if I can help you.”
John dressed very much like the English military man. He wasn’t a showy dresser, but he liked good quality and his clothes suggested a gentlemanly English country estate look. It suited him very well. It suits Albion too.
John doesn't answer but Sherlock can feel him thinking about it, can see in his face that he wants to. Sometimes people swim out and wait for the tide to pull them under, sometimes they drift out and hope to God someone notices in time.
Sally came around to stand by my side. Albion, who was strapped against my chest, peeped out from behind his fist.
It was dark and cold when they packed up the empty containers. They stood up to leave, John extending a hand to help Sherlock to his feet.
"I got him up to two hundred and eighty pounds! That's your share. He's also said we can have the car to pick up my stuff. Who are you talking to?"
And this time, I not only had the notion of RESTING to contend with, but I had to own and process the fact that I loved John Watson and he couldn’t hear me say that.
Albion chose that moment to gurgle at us both. Lestrade leaned in and gently tickled his little grape sized chin.
“Mrs Hudders!” She is one of Rosie’s favourite and she runs over to hug her, and says one of the succinct phrases Sherlock’s taught her. “Not my housekeeper!”
On my way to speak with an old orthonologist friend. Researching psittacosis. Need some more feathers.  SH
“Sally? Not as pretty as you. But yes, definitely. And driven. Driven and cranky. Two irresistible qualities for any woman.”
His face is squeezed tight with irritation as he steps carefully into his especially nice Hugo Boss trousers, which have been transported here by a custard coloured MI6 agent who did whatever Mycroft told him to. Sherlock hates the agent because he is insipid, aligned to Mycroft and has an extremely handsome gun for which Sherlock has many practical applications but cannot actually steal. This is unsatisfactory because usually Sherlock is excellent at pick pocketing, pilfering and petty theft. For a time when he was in the fourth form, he ran a rather lucrative business of shoplifting by request that all but saw him nearly expelled for the third time. (Sherlock, for many years, held his school's record for the student who was nearly expelled most. It was only broken a few years ago and that was after they invented smart phones.)
"Order whatever you want, it's on the house for you and your date." He turns and smiles at John who almost corrects him but changes his mind. What the hell.
The two Social Services ladies made strained, polite faces while Molly manoeuvered a path through the political debate.
(“It was the only time I’ve seen it,” Ademar said to Billy Kinkaid a few weeks later when he visiting him in prison. “It was bi boy pain!”
“Frot, generally, although sometimes I suck you off.” John is slipping his hand carefully under the crisp fabric and spreading his fingers over Sherlock’s heart.
I can’t deny that I was ardently attracted to him physically. Bad tempered blonde men with broad shoulders have always held a particular fascination for me.  But John isn’t the only bad tempered, broad-shouldered blonde in the world.
Lestrade and John expect Sherlock to say some thing unfeeling and unnecessary, but sometimes he can surprise everyone.
So I used to walk to the edge of the grounds – as far as I was allowed – and play to the air, which I trusted to take the music directly to John, where ever he was.
“You need to get better,” he said with his serious face. His eyes look to be very dark but when you study at them carefully you can see that they are a very uniform brown, just lacking in glints, or chips of pale colours usually found in human irises .
Ademar Silver is a pleasant chap. He has sandy hair that flops neatly across his square head and inoffensive blue eyes. His smile is shy and his thinking is considered. On first meeting, people wonder if he is thick or perhaps managing a learning disability. Neither is true – Ademar just likes to take his time when he thinks things through.
John laughs bitterly. "No, she told me I had trust issues. The army told me that I couldn't practise. They were right. I have tremors in my right hand and ..." his voice trails off a bit. He doesn't want to discuss his flaws with this interesting stranger who might be forming a good opinion of him.
Billy giggles. “I just said that so I could introduce myself. And you know how boring it is out there.”
“I have friends in lots of  departments and different government agencies. I’d asked one to let me know if she heard anything concerning you.”
“Of course! I told you this in all those interviews - I see her every day! I help choose her clothes, we have breakfast and our other meals together, she often potters around the house with me. She has two brothers and her father, and a child who lived nearby plays with her too.” Mummy lifts her chin slightly, and stares straight at Greasy Graham.  “I love my little girl, and am devastated at leaving her here. I am doing it because there is no system available in the UK that can manage her intelligence. Nothing I have done – including writing my book – was done with any view of  damaging Eurus’s development because if I’d known it would, I would have stopped immediately. How would I know how she would react to my occasional absences in her first few months?”
John eats a big breakfast and encourages Sherlock to pick at the toast and bacon. They each have two mugs of milky tea that are as good as Sherlock suggested.
“Not really. She was quite friendly and very clever but she was duplicitous and she shot me, very badly, on one occasion. I had to make up some lies about it so John wouldn’t break up with her because she was pregnant – that is, she was pretending to be pregnant – and John was looking forward to being a father. He’s always wanted to have a nice wife and a family.” Sherlock considered this and made an amendment. “Actually, I think he wanted to see if he’d like a nice wife and a family but it turned out he didn’t much, and in any case she wasn’t a very nice wife.”
And this is them, the gory details that Sherlock gave me when I, fifteen and still finding pleasure in tormenting my parents, asked them when they first kissed. My father smirked and said he kissed Sherlock under a tree in the Kew gardens, but Sherlock would have none of it, and rushed to the main cabinet, threw papers everywhere and found some old plans of a factory that was razed long ago.
“Well. Perhaps you tell people you’re a high functioning sociopath because you’re terrified that people won’t love you.”
“For the love of God,” he says to each of them, “Why is it so hard to get a body exhumed? I only want to look at the trachea. I won’t touch anything else and you can put it back almost immediately. I’ll even do it at the graveside.”
“Of course.” I handed him over and watched with great relief as John patted the cries down to a low level whimpering.
Sherlock is restless as John catches his breath. After what he deems is a decent interval, he leans in to John ear. “ Is it time to frot?”
“For all of us,” John smiled. “My main objective was to use it as a soap. And it smells nice. If it relaxes you, well, there’s a bonus.”
"Hmm. So he's stabbed here" - Sherlock points to the grimy wall where a triangular spray of bright blood blooms to the right -"then appears to slide down the wall slowly" - Sherlock traces a broad smear that travels for almost three feet - "and lands here, where he bleeds out. The wound is very big, so the time between the actual stabbing and landing on the ground would be about fifteen seconds."
“Neither am I,” Jenny answers. “I don’t believe in ghosts at all, I think it’s all garbage. But I don’t know what else to call it.”
John rolls his eyes. “I’m not trying to teach you to suck eggs. I’m just saying that even though there isn’t a deranged serial killer committing an endless stream of locked room murders, this one is still serious. You should at least consider looking at it.”
“Of course,” says Greasy. “But you didn’t bond properly, did you? And with this little girl, who from all accounts was recognising letters and numbers when she was two months old, it is fair to say she had a heightened awareness of her mother’s neglect.”
Ultimately he deduced that Doctor Watson was a carer, and that Sherlock was certainly a man who needed some heavy duty care in some aspects of his life. People have needs. They seek to
Most of his communications were relayed via some form of anguish, so it was a pleasant surprise when he communicated to me in an entirely different way.
John doesn’t answer. It’s nice, wrapped in Sherlock’s arms like this. It’s never felt this nice, he realises. No lover has ever made me feel this way.
John was gentle and precise as he leant over us, but the fury was still there. I could feel it, even as he smiled and spoke to us both in a soft voice, even as he swirled a washcloth through the water and stroked it over Albion.
“The unwanted animals people are always complaining about or shooing away. Pigeons, squirrels, rats, crows and the like. People are idiots. Have you ever seen a rat with its young? They’re extraordinary parents. I’d like to see humans treat their young as tenderly as rats do.”
In 1968, it was now owned by descendents who’d been kicked off the civil list. They hated the place and resented its upkeep, so it was sold to a South African entrepreneur who hoped to import fine wines from France, Italy and California for discerning London diners.
“Sherlock, you’re being a pest,” his mother calls especially to tell him. “Why can’t you just wait for the big day?”
“It’s not that great,” John tells him a week before the wedding when they are being fitted for their beautiful suits. “You’ve built it up to something ridiculous and I’m starting to worry that you’ll be disappointed when you hear it.”
"Of course it's a pity. I need to know what they may have done to provide a motive for their death."
“No!” John said hastily. “He just doesn’t stop crying when we put him down, so he ends up doing everything with us.”
“After nine years? Possible, but not likely. It’s hard to say with so little detail. Why would he kill himself after eight years? Why would he abduct his child at all? Was the girlfriend involved?”
John doesn’t think about what it might be until he splits the envelope and unfolds the fine cotton paper. He recognises the small, neat letters:
“Yes. Sherlock and I share the responsibility, and I act as his doctor too, although he is has wonderful health.”
Then he was on us immediately, his hand over Albion’s head and kissing his crown, his other on my shoulder. “It’s alright. It’s all over. We’re going now. Everything is all right. Are you okay? Sherlock? Okay?”
luminous and not an idiot because he knows who to shoot and he gives wonderful head but we'd probably have to negotiate some things. Also, he has dog tags and who would have considered how attractive that could be? He shouldn't be killing himself because he is kind and invaluable and could actually be very happy here. I would be very happy to have him here and the cat wouldn't be hurt.
“I hope not,” I answered. “Not that I care. I love him desperately. Everything about him, every whine, every little fart, every last thing is perfect.”
“Well, if any of you have ever wondered if I’m circumcised, you’ll find out in the next fifteen seconds when I get out of the bath.”
John tastes interesting. Body temperature being a constant, the sluggish fluid is difficult to feel in his mouth but the slightly bitter aroma saturates his palette and Sherlock takes a second to memorise that odd Watson flavour before swallowing extravagantly for John's benefit.
The doctor was unfazed by this distinctly unromantic setting and giggled when he should have been swooning. (He is the only man I have ever met who giggles. He can produce a perfectly ordinary masculine laugh when the situation requires it, but when he’s with me, and I’ve caused him amusement, he giggles. It is nothing short of delectable.)
So he buys tapes and iodine and ibifuren and gloves too. The thought of having a kit again is ridiculously exciting.
But the older woman interrupted. “I’m Sue Powers, and this is Alicia Briggs. I’m a case manager, and Alicia’s a social worker. We’re from London Central Social Services.”
Down on the shore, Victor and Sherlock have largely exhausted their game. They’ve chased each other over and over, duelled twice with plastic cutlasses and scanned the horizon with a makeshift telescope (constructed from a cardboard tube and cellophane) for cargo ships they might plunder. Victor is thinking he might go home, and Sherlock is desperately searching for other things to keep him interested when they hear a shrill little voice in the distance. They turn around to see a barefoot Mycroft in long shorts, an open shirt topped with Papa’s vest, and a bandanna tied around his head. He is pulling a rope over his shoulder, and it’s attached to the old row boat that has sat rotting in the stables for more than a decade.
On cue, Albion started crying and stretching his arms out to John, no doubt furious at me for taking so long to provide him with a parent who adored him as much as I did.
John feels Sherlock start to tremble under the weight of all these new experiences. You really are great at this, he whispers. Their eyes meet and lock as they thrusts harder. So beautiful, John tells him, you’re mine, all mine and Sherlock comes in a hot wet blast, thick streams of semen that squirt over John’s belly, the heavy rank scent clouding them instantly. John holds him in place; just a few beats behind as always.
Clean and fresh and shining like a conker, John popped his head into the lounge room and grinned at Sherlock, who sat passively behind his microscope, harvesting miniscule specks of residue from a sparrow’s feather.
"Blessings." Colin maintained an inappropriate eye contact which, coupled with the inane greeting, made John want to hit him with his cane.
Sherlock takes a dainty sip of his tea. It’s scalding, just as he likes it. The sugar tastes better when the tea is almost too hot to drink.
Albion burped again. He had no interest in this topic at all and found us both ridiculous.  I gave Mycroft a cloth to protect his suit from any little puddles of vomit that might arise.
Albion was now looking at me carefully, apparently thinking about the skill required to trim a heart.
We were quiet for a few seconds and then his laughter, his silliest, most adorable laughter, diffused the whole tortuous thing.
We both laughed, me because Mycroft only swears about every eight years and when he does it always sounds hilarious, and John because he was delighted to hear himself described this succinctly by a man who is so difficult to impress.
“Not so much to annoy you as to provoke a reaction from you.” John licks his lips and makes his confession. “My cunning plan was to have you react badly, then we could have a fight and hopefully I would have then been able to take you my arms and kiss you.”
“My God, he looks like you,” Lestrade said, as if it were some kind of a miracle. “Did I tell you his mother is in New York?”
She makes some brief notes in her notebook, using her smallest handwriting and the most cryptic shorthand she can manage. John watches briefly and gives up when he realises he won't be reading his notes upside down again.
“On the ground!” I heard the Captain roar again. Mr Stinky dropped his bat first, then his rifle, and slowly got to his knees. It wasn’t fast enough for John, who planted his foot into the criminal’s back and sent him face first into the concrete floor.
The envelope was filled with 108 postcards from cities in Italy, Germany, France, Spain, Morocco, Zambia, Tanzania, Victoria Falls, South Africa, Reunion, Madagascar, Beijing, Japan, Vietnam, Cambodia, Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore, The Philippines, Indonesia, New Zealand, Australia, the Antarctic, Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, Mexico, Canada and the United States.
John's listening to both, his face turning back and forth. His hand is still, his leg feels fine, his mind is active and engaged with his surroundings for the first time in a year. Anything could happen.
The sound of a siren brings him back to the cold black streets of London and he remembers that Sherlock, dangerous uncharted territory that he is, has stormed off unarmed  to confront a murderer.
“Yes,” says Eurus. “My intelligence is matched by my capacity to love and be loved, and my empathy. I get frustrated when I feel unloved. Are you going to show me a home movie?”
"Yes, thank you, I haven't forgotten." John gathers some papers from his desk and pats around other papers, looking for his biro. The unnamed person walks away but Shona stays there, watching him closely. He's rather cute, even with the cane. She might have a chance here.
Albion being so close made it easier to get back to work. It meant I could, whenever I wished,  take a break and go look at his fat pink sleepy countenance, or count the number of breaths he would take every fifteen seconds, or circle his warm, soft knee with my thumb and index finger.
"Only if they're fascinating and I'm certain they'll fit in the fridge. Do you like psoriasis, John? I love it. I particularly like the lesions that present with plantar psoriasis. You much have seen a lot amongst your troops. It would be a hard thing to manage in the heat, and especially with so much stress. I find it invaluable at crime scenes. I've seen two people convicted partly on the evidence I provided when I found minute flakes at the crime scene."
It wasn't her cold beauty that, in certain lights, became a soft, heart breaking prettiness. It wasn't that she threatened to do him twice without mercy because frankly people had offered before and he's not all that interested. His prerequisites for anyone who wants to do him twice with or without mercy are very specific and at this point in history have not been matched in their entirety by anyone.
“Sherlock,” he started, but was distracted by how adequately I managed to feed my son. “Sorry, but that is seriously doing my head in, you feeding a baby.”
“Well, maybe when his Lordship here is older.” I looked down to see Albion tasting the knuckles on his right hand. He’d been listening intently to John and me and was obviously reflecting on how lucky he was to have nice neighbours.
"No, calm down, I’m not trying to set you up. Ademar's a tom. A really good one who looks just like an accountant. Actually, he was an accountant before the bank retrenched him. Turned out to be much better at tomming. He's not like your ordinary tom though, all blow dried and wearing tight pants. He's a special tom, does all kinds of therapy with you. Works miracles."
Sherlock is still for a brief second. It's exhausting, conversing with an idiot (albeit one of whom he is very fond) and trying to wrangle a phone from such an awkward place with a coat hanger at the same time.
The problem was, Mycroft with his razor precision and icy logic was entirely correct. I was terrified that Albion might be taken from me. His guardianship was unresolved. I knew nothing about his mother, other than she liked using drugs and wore a lot of earrings. She could show up any time and make a claim, and I know who is favoured by the courts in custodial disputes.
“…although strictly speaking, John is perfectly bisexual and would likely fall straight in the centre of the Kinsey chart.”
They followed me back out to the lounge room and Ms Powers made some marks on a form she had on a clipboard.
She cut me off sharply. “You should move that. It’s not appropriate for babies to exposed to body parts.”
John has pulled over a small stool, and sits in front of her. He works without instruction, pulling latex gloves over his hands and lifting the heavy leg to his knee, unpeeling the bandage carefully.
"I called Peter Turton." Sherlock presses the phone to disconnect. "I just heard his mobile message."
John shrugged. “I didn’t mind it. I can be a team player if I have to. But working as an army doctor is very different to working as a criminal. Or a consulting detective.”
“Of course. It was beautiful. “ John is carefully wringing out a tea bag, smiling to himself. Sherlock can’t take his eyes from him. “I love listening to orchestras. It really sounds different, hearing them live – you can hear how much they love playing.”
In the mid afternoon he falls on to the couch to sulk properly but just as he closes his eyes, a ball of words bursts in his head like a poppy bud and thus John Watson becomes the topic of a second poem.
The crowds and noise are increasing. Constables are threading yellow crime scene tape around the building, teams of police specialists are arriving with cases of equipment to measure, quantify and document the killing. Ballistic experts will examine the dead man's wound and talk for months about the difficult, perfect shot that killed him.
We were John’s family. That’s how he described us, and that was what had changed. John, the guarding angel, with both his wings unfolded and wrapped right around us.
The Detective Inspector is too harassed to press Sherlock any further and hands John a disposable suit. "I can give you five minutes."
It apparently became too much and Albion started roaring at me for making him sit through all this sentiment. “Ooooh!” said my mother, “Someone’s got a wet nappy!” My father leaned back and folded his arms as my wailing son was promptly handed back to me.
Sherlock pounds a sticky dough while John tells him about a swollen trachea, a perfectly split heel, two broken fingers that were an astonishing shade of teal and a new baby with an inflamed belly button.
Two days after John moved in, he is sitting over breakfast reading the morning paper. There are detailed stories in each one about the death of the Broken Beer Bottle Killer. There's also articles on each of the dead dealers.
It felt like we were living the mirror image of the life we had before I died. Everything was the same except reversed and there was a beautiful baby boy sitting between us, grizzling.
He sat upright, leant forward and waited until his thick, frightened breaths subsided. “Sorry that I woke you,” he said as he slipped back down onto his pillow and turned his back to me.
As they walked through the main entrance of the grand hospital, John shared some idle observations about squirrel tails – how they look so thick but in close view are actually composed of very fine, strategically coloured fur.
He walks John backwards to the couch a couple of feet away, a hand on his shoulder and the other on his waist as if he might get away if he's not monitored.
Coincidence, meaningless, no proof, could mean anything – all of these things are on the tip of Sherlock’s tongue but the evidence -  the dreams and the voice -  are heavy as lead.
“Oh! Sorry Sherlock, I didn’t know you had people … actually, what is this? Am I interrupting something? Oh! John! Hello!”
Then he feels John’s hands, flat and covered in cool cream, gently smoothing over the scars, stroking the welts as if he could, if he were careful, make them disappear.
The staring contests had stopped. The militia at 221 Baker Street had now started arguing – circular, pointless arguments with no chance of a truce.
On the last day, Sherlock was red eyed and trembling. He knows he must his leave his sister but really doesn’t want to. Mycroft has schooled him carefully to make the exit as easy as possible.
Upstairs, the allegedly heterosexual and irrefutably sad John slowly disrobed and hung up his date clothes. He had waited all night for Sherlock to disrupt his date. He checked his phone thirty three times, and when he wasn’t doing that his eyes darted towards the door of the restaurant, hardly hearing what Fiona was saying.
There is so much detail about John to absorb, indentify, label and file. Sherlock sniffs as he catalogues the different scents that emanate from John – denser, more potent scents at his armpits and groin, finer, more transparent scents at his throat and hands. The curiously milky fragrance of his hair. When he’s got them organised, he starts excavating a small area of confusion in his mind palace and begins to build a John Sex room.  He puts the helix spiral staircase from the Chateau de Chambord in the centre.
Each cubicle has hastily scrawled name in fixed to the metal frames in a perspex holder: Walker, Singh, O'Donnell, Brackett, Canturi, Ahmed and then a blank one. John looks moves the curtain carefully, sees an old woman sleeping and moves on. The names continue - Porter, Bureau, Higgins, Davies and another blank one.
Billy makes another rope-pulling gesture with wild enthusiastic eyes. Sherlock half-smiles, half-winces.
As he speaks Sherlock thinks the food is one of the most stupid ideas he’s ever had but John, who will continue surprising Sherlock for the rest of their lives, is delighted.
I started to believe that John would never come home because he’s thorough, and because he likes setting people’s world to right.
Eurus turns around and buries her face in her mother’s neck. “Yes!” The two Holmes women sit together for a long time in the dark, an accidental wound now diagnosed, assessed and dressed. It is already healing.
When they get home later that night they do it again, around the living room with the blinds open this time, John not caring who sees, Sherlock not even thinking that someone might.
“I don’t know.” Sherlock is meditative for a moment, and then says, “If you left Mary, for another woman perhaps, or just left her, what would be the one thing that would make you want to go back?”
“Oh, I’d love to, but I really can’t. Best wishes to you both.” And to Albion, who just wasn’t quick enough to grab Mycroft’s hair, “Goodbye my sweet. Enjoy your new legal status.”
“Well, cats are. They’ve got no patience for fools. Of course they wanted a good housekeeper. Cats make a lot of mess. And they had kittens in the house that obviously needed special care. What? Why are you looking at me like that?”
Their contentment is interrupted when the doorbell rings. John and Sherlock say nothing, for they are well used to clients, and no longer need to declare the specific descriptors of a client’s ring.
“Not Mycroft, no. But you, yes. Albion, yes. How does it perplex you? Do you want me to come up with another word? My Holmies, maybe?”
This suggestion gives John a cold chill, and he immediately sees Rosie broken, hastily dropped in a ditch, her clothes and blocks tossed in beside her.
“He would have done the same thing as the Woodsman. He would have helped the Snow White run away. Actually, he would have walked through the woods with the Snow White, got her to the cottage, made sure the washing up was done, folded all the washing and made her some toast. Then he would have waited for the dwarves to come home and threatened all of them with his gun to ensure no harm came to Snow White.
Colin the Warlock nods his head. "I wondered what he was doing in his room all the time. I told you he was some kind of agent. So what's he going to do in Belgium?"
John halts and starts, bubbling over, fist hard and swinging. “No. You did not  - no. Please tell me we are not going to – up to… no.” He paces a small circle, back and forth from Sherlock.
“He gets them all the time,” Sherlock says airily. “I thought I might try taxidermy. Are we getting food?”
When he takes his face away Sherlock doesn’t even blink, but instead leans back in and kisses him again.
“It has simply followed its instincts and done whatever it can to get some bird sex,” Sherlock says dismissively.
I was staring fixedly at Ms Powers as I calculated how quickly I could run past all of them holding Albion and escape.
On the eleventh night of these circuitous thoughts, John turns on his bedside lamp, swings his legs over the bed and fossicks through his medical kit. He has a small tub of sorbolene, which is not quite what he wants but it will do for the moment.
(It didn’t occur to me that the hospital staff thought we were both irresponsible drug addicts until Social Services came to check up on me a couple months later.)
"I can't practice," and he holds out his left hand to show her its relentless tremor, then uses it to draw attention to his aching leg which he has stretched stiffly before him.
(And every minute that I’m with Albion, and with everything I teach him, I think of how it must have been for John Watson when they took Ollie from his arms. All the things he had taught her already, everything she had learnt from him. How desperately she must have missed him those first few nights. She would have cried for him and he would have known that, and known that her heart was breaking when he didn’t come. How torturous for him as he counted the days, knowing that with each one she was forgetting him more and more, until the time that, if they met again, she would just stare blankly at him. The agony.)
Sometimes he didn’t want to sleep. I know that feeling.  When he was uninterested in sleeping he liked to cry so I would talk to him to calm him down. My success rate was about 40 per cent.
That night as I buttoned Albion in to his loungewear, I thought about Mrs Hudson assuring me that I would be a good father, and her unshakable faith that John Watson would return. Logically I could dissect that view, but emotionally it had made me so happy, that someone thought I could parent adequately and that John would come home. Those happy thoughts ensured I slept quite soundly until 2.37am, when Albion roared at me for sleeping while he was hungry.
So while his best friend tossed and turned upstairs, Sherlock showered, washed his hair in Redken Soft, coated his hair with conditioner until the comb slipped effortlessly through the wet curls, soaped and rinsed his body twice, dried his skin vigorously with a rough linen towel, slipped into clean navy underpants, stared at himself with slight revulsion in his bedroom mirror, buttoned a sharp black suit over a crisp buttercup coloured shirt and tied neat bows on his shiny black shoes.
John Watson’s appreciation of romance seeps into Sherlock like a slow poison. John is a romantic – Sherlock had always said so – but he made no claims for romance in this relationship, nor did he seem to expect any.
As soon as I got home, all I wanted to do was write to the Prime Minister and say THEY LOCKED ME UP ONLY BECAUSE I AM IN LOVE WITH JOHN WATSON – DO YOU WANT ME TO PAY THE MONEY BACK?
“And what are you? His nursemaid? I know who you are. I’ve seen you pair in the papers. You follow him everywhere, don’t you? What kind of poof are yer?”
John and Sherlock exchange a tiny glance, because so much has happened. John then explains the plans that Mycroft has supplied, and their intention to start today at 17 Beechers Road in Enfield, where Mariah lived, and make their way to the Wridges office in Putney, where Julia worked. Sherlock wants to see the logistics of the trip, if she could have transported the child for the distance, and if she did, if the child was buried somewhere at the Wine office site.
And Bonnie – well, who knows? She’s already displaying signs of an extroverted personality, but there is no way to guess what kinds of things are waiting for her in the future playgrounds and classrooms. All we can do, I’ve learnt, is love her fiercely and accept, despite all I was taught, that caring is an advantage.
The game is called Godzilla, and the purpose is to build towers with blocks and have Godzilla walk right through them and knock them down.
“Yes,” Sherlock smirks. “Nice of them to call the grieving family and remind them of police incompetence.”
"Easy," he says to the man who is a little dazed, lifting his head and turning his face to John. Blood streams down the stranger's face in a sheet, for the impact with the asphalt has split the skin
We walked down to the park in the late afternoon light. Albion was strapped to me in his recently acquired baby sling, and John and I bumped hands. We weren’t one of those gregarious couples who chomped away at one another’s faces on the tube, but found subtle displays of public affection – like bumping hands - to be very satisfying.
Eurus is silent. This is all news to her. She watches, in the next scene, Mycroft and Sherlock at the big velvet couch, each waiting to have their first cuddle with their new baby sister. “They look very happy to see me, “ Eurus says, “They – “ and then she goes quiet, as little Sherlock, who had been stepping foot to foot in his excitement, sits up still and straight on the couch in grave expectation, his little arms extended as Papa carefully places the baby in his arms and on his lap. Mycroft is close by and assists. The little boy looks closely at his baby sister, looks up to Uncle Rudy and can be seen to say, she’s beautiful, and looks down to again in unadulterated wonder. Rudy moves the camera in a little closer and captures Sherlock carefully kissing the baby’s forehead, who then opens her eyes and looks at him. Sherlock’s response is pure and heartfelt, and he looks to Mycroft and then his father, and then to Rudy, clearly thrilled at this first recognition.
“Cold cases are almost impossible to close,” Greg tells him, “so to make the figures look like good, I’m going to have to close more live cases.”
It takes John a moment to understand how a dead pelican got in the flat in the last few hours. “Ah. So they weren’t bricks.”
I have known Mycroft for thirty seven years and in that time, despite strenuous effort, I have never been able to render him speechless. Albion did so while he was asleep. There was little doubt that my baby was exceptional.
It’s good, so good, every lovely thing he dreamed of and quite a few he never imagined. But Sherlock only smiles in response, leaving the magic of their loveliness unspoken as it settles around them in the cool night air.
John talks softly against the neat conch of Sherlock's ear. Sit up for me, lean back, he suggests and Sherlock moves back, his shirt unbuttoned now, opened wide so John can see the small dark tufts of his armpits and the tight belly button. He flexes against John's careful touch, trying so hard to control himself but knows that he is unravelling by the second.
Both had wondered often what it might be like to make love with each other; both had imagined huge theatrical performances of romance and ecstasy but their first time at least was a quiet, gentle affair of unhurried tenderness.
It’s all over little too soon. The pleasure mounts and peaks with ridiculous speed. Sherlock wants to grab something to keep himself steady and in his mind reaches for John’s shoulders and this lets him see John’s fair head dipping in and out of his lap, the hot sensation flushing through his veins and settling on his skin like ashes from a fire as he comes quickly, mouth open and head turned to one side, silent and endlessly grateful.
John’s inconsistent reasoning made Sherlock a little aggressive, angry like he always gets when he knows there are some facts available but he can’t quite get his hands on them.
“Of course,” Rudy tells her. “And you know what else? You will be living not ten miles from the Caran D’ache  factory. Caran D’ache, as you know, make some of the finest pens and pencils in the world. One of your first lessons, which you will take with your brothers, will be at that very factory. If you are all very good, Mummy and Papa have said that you may each choose a new tin of pencils.”
It’s no use. They still won’t invite her to join in. Eurus scowls, and walks slowly back to house, taking a path through the faux graves that someone thought was a fun decoration idea,  stomping so as to kill as many insects as she can on her way.
John leans against the wall and breaths through his mouth. His eyes feel salty. Oh, is all he can say. Oh. He waits until the pools in his eyes have subsided before he goes into 221b.
Our first sexual encounter was not like our first kiss. We had rough, groping sex because John was angry and confused and I was half out of my mind. It was not what I wanted for our first time. I remember hoping that it would be sweeter, less angry, for our second time. (I still have that hope.)
In the distance her cat Toby can be seen half way up the curtains, swinging lightly from side to side as he watched them all with enormous, mad eyes.
“We can never be bonding for as long as I have to take orders from the British Army,” Anya said as she sipped her tea, which she likes very strong and black.
The men set about finding the boxes they want. Sherlock stacks them in the van. Before they leave, John staples a copy of his email to the log book, and Greg signs for the receipt of the files.
“Yes, my little butterball, I know you’re there. Doctor Watson and I aren’t ignoring you. It’s just easier to talk to each other because we can, you know, actually speak.”
“Yes. Although I’m certain I’ll only have to correct it all. May as well make sure you know the right way to be gay sooner rather than later.”
For nearly two weeks they are polite, friendly but unable to traverse the gulf that’s there between them.
Eventually the midwife stormed off and the nurse sort of sauntered out, only to return in a few minutes with a bottle.
“The order means that Albion’s mother rescinds her right as a parent and the right is then transferred to your spouse or partner.”
“In case. Yes.” Eurus looks closely at her mother’s face and gently touches her skin with her small fingers. She can read so much, and loves every thing she can see. “Can we watch the film again?”
Mrs Hudson heard the second voice last night, heard the two sets of footsteps on the stairs, the two voices talking all morning. She wonders who Sherlock has up there.
The walk is not helping. John’s leg hurts more and his rage is barely contained. His problems and concerns seem less manageable in the endless streets of London: John decides he needs to assess them in the confines of his room.
It slipped out. John squeezes his eyes shut in embarrassment, which Sherlock finds secretly adorable.
It seemed we were on the brink of anarchy. I was fairly certain that nothing more could happen to me that morning, but there’s always something. Mrs Hudson rushed downstairs to answer the door again.
Their bodies still slightly slippery from the oils. John rubs their cocks together and they come fast, breathing thick breath into one another's mouth, heavy eyed and overwhelmed at how close they feel. It doesn't seem right, Sherlock thinks, it seems impossible that one person can make you feel so much.
The one thing that bought occasional relief was fairytales. If we were lucky, he would stop long enough to hear if he heard them before, or if they featured any boars.
Not one person moved. Lestrade ignored me completely. “We’ve charged him, Sherlock. I’m going to have to take a statement from you because we’re going to lay a couple of menacing charges too, on account of him threatening the baby.  Can you come down tomorrow?”
So almost a year after they met, John is sitting on the floor reading Catch 22, which he is enjoying enormously, leaning back against Sherlock, who is armed with a pair of sharp tweezers (stolen especially for him from the supply cupboard by John as a surprise) and extracting hairs from John's left arm one by one.
And there's Sherlock, his face aching, staring down at the meaty blasted head and then at his shirt, amazed that not one drop, not a single, minute drop of blood, has stained him.
So I try to provide as wide range of experiences as I can: I have two different kinds of scented baby wash, I let him sleep on my bed, on my chest, on the floor on pillows and blankets, I talk to him about different things in different tones of voice so that his brain absorbs and stores as much varied information as possible.
Sherlock is dissecting a tongue on the other side of the table. "I expect that's how the Scotland Yard Media Unit phrased it on their media releases."
John nodded. He'd been in the army for years, he told her. Order and neatness were his specialities.
Rudy remains calm, but even as he speaks is promising himself a very large glass of brandy and ginger ale when this is over. “Well, maybe you could all travel as a family as Eurus settles in. Sherlock especially has become very attached to her in the last few weeks, and I think it will assist Eurus to see him missing her.”
It was a great case. There were blood clots to examine, hair strands to stretch, wounds to probe and catalogue, blades to measure and a mouthful of broken teeth that he might be able to persuade Molly to extract for him.
"Wrong. Serial killers escalate. They improve and enhance their technique. They start with one or two acts, sometimes not resulting in an actual death, and as they keep killing, each act gets more depraved, provided they're not disturbed. These killings are identical - they're brought to an abandoned house with virtually no sign of a struggle, they're stabbed twice in an identical way, they bleed and ultimately die in almost an identical way, and only the part of the bottle used to kill them is found. Where are the other broken pieces?"
Albion’s quiet, thoughtful, inordinately fond of toy cars, story books, custard and animals and endlessly patient with his baby sister, who has just in the last couple weeks started to call him Abeen.
According to Eddie, once you have worked out the reasons you love a person, you automatically have the tools you need to make the relationship work, provided of course the person you love would like to assist in those mechanics.
And the Detective Inspector lies down on the floor next to Sherlock. They both peer in at the phone.
The secret Watson smile, the one he reserves for Albion and me, surfaced. “I like dogs. Wish we had room for one here.”
“Right,” he tells John. “I’ve got all I need. There was one of those over-lit truck stopping food places on the motorway. Will that do?”
A few,” says Sherlock, without vanity or irony. “Some are clearly family abductions – child taken after school by a divorced parent, that kind of thing. A couple are very serious, and there’s maybe three where I would say the child has wondered off and probably died in rugged terrain.”
“My intention here is to ensure that you don’t lose our darling Albion. If we just pretend she’s disappeared, we could be creating dreadful problems. Far better to sort it out now, rather than have her turn up in a few months’ time and cause all kinds of heartbreak and confusion.”
The handover is drawing to a close. Michelle is keen to visit Nana, John is keen to get the last excruciating detail of his life over and done with.
“Oh, don’t be ridiculous. Of course he is. Look at the way he rolls his sleeves. Watch the way he positions himself next to the head of his pack. Yes, you pair of lickspittles – and here Sherlock jabs his finger at the others -  “you’re his accessories, nothing more.”
The victim lies in a corner, although John and Sherlock can’t see him when they walk through the icy warehouse towards the large circle of police officers and forensic staff.
“This was my favourite when I was baby,” he told his sister, who was sitting in my lap. Albion sat in John’s lap, turning the pages carefully and explaining the story to Bonnie, who was rapt. She finds everything he does marvelous, but nothing so much as reading a story.
Mycroft put his nose in the air, the way he always does when someone objects to his pomposity. John Watson barely moved but stared straight at him, saying, “I told you so” with out uttering a word.
Ryan is sitting in front of Sherlock. Interesting, Sherlock thinks as he dips a chip in the sauce. (He hates sauce poured over the chips, preferring to dip one side and one side only of the chip before eating it whole.) He once overheard Mike explain to Molly that Ryan had been the target of school bullies. Sherlock had no advice and no great interest, but he empathised privately, for he too had been bullied mercilessly at Ryan’s age.  Problem is, there is no cure unless you relocate the boy to another school and that, Sherlock knew personally, doesn’t always work. He observes the boy munching doggedly on a hamburger, and feels sadness for him.
Over in Baker Street, everything appears to have gone back to normal. John and Sherlock investigate difficult crimes,  they provide their findings to Inspector Lestrade, and the Scotland Yard closes another case.  Their modus operandum hasn’t changed much at all, except John has a toddler now, and her care and welfare is the primary consideration of what they do, and how they do it.
The stranger distils the most pertinent aspects of his current dilemma into as few words as possible. "I'm in a hurry,"
"John, I know it's not what you want but you have start building some kind of structure in your life if you want to recover."
(My baby is always splendid, but I find him especially lovely when he has just woken up. He smells like powder and damp cotton, and scowls with half opened eyes.)
Because she was brilliant and because descends from one of London's wealthiest families, Amarita was expected to make an most advantageous marriage. There was much speculation, as she continued to dazzle people with her phenomenal brain and remarkable beauty, who she would chose, or if she would even bother choosing anyone at all, given the queues of men who would have kept her company in shifts for the rest of her life.
Sherlock sighs. “Some Serbians aren’t very nice. Especially when you try and intercept their criminal behaviour.”
Some time ago, Sherlock nailed this to the wall in another empty room in his mind palace before he left and closed the door:
“STOP. No. Go nowhere. Stay here.” This was more begging than I ever displayed to John Watson. “Albion would be devastated if you left.”
“Right,” says John, who wants to put this ghost to rest. “Let’s see how long it takes us to get to Putney.”
“Hello Mr Albion,” she said crisply. “It is a beginning to be a very beautiful day outside so I think we should both enjoy a walk to the park.”
"It was extremely technical. An error in law, if you please. Basically she told them that the prosecution hadn't proved that the same person used the three cords in the murders and the judges had to agree. That meant there was reasonable doubt that I had actually done any of them and that meant the convictions couldn't be upheld. So they overturned the convictions and ordered a retrial. And they had to release me!"
Later that evening, I got a text from the Detective Inspector, telling me that he’d dropped by to give me a postcard sent to him by Two Hemispheres Watson. Apparently my mesmerising son distracted him from his task completely.  I’m happy to say the card was from Singapore, where the wandering doctor had visited Changi Prison. That would have had huge significance for John. Once again I wished I could have been there in the humidity with him. It would be fascinating to hear his impressions.
John isn't sure because who ever meets more than one warlock? He lies and says no, no, that would be fine.
They eat in silence for a few seconds and then John can contain it no longer. “Who would I be, the owl or the pussycat?”
A little later Sherlock is seated before the large microscope while John is leaning against the bench, facing out. Mike Stamford stands nearby and he and John chat; Molly has just returned from the other lab with a series of test results she wants to double check.
I thought it would help John to have a distraction. In any case, I had some important things I wanted to tell him and thought this would be a good way to do that. “It might be. Listen and find out.”
“He’s not delicious. French pastries are delicious, so are hot chips with aioli. John is far too masculine to be delicious. He’s handsome.”
It's so foolhardy, so frightening that it makes him smile, hand lying calmly on his thigh, fingers tapping softly while the cutting pain in his leg melts.
It seemed like a fair exchange. Mike held Albion briefly, long enough for me to observe that he had baby confidence too.
"My phone. I nearly had it but it slipped. He kills them because he knows them." He re-adjusts his hold on the hanger and goes back in, gently, patiently.
The both speak a the same time. "Trying to get Sherlock's phone out," says the Detective Inspector. "Playing snakes," says Sherlock.
That night, Jenny Bannister goes to bed exhausted and as she falls asleep she is aware, foggy and thick, that there is no voice singing. She wakes with a start some time later, sits upright as she realises it’s light and when she looks at her clock, she sees it is 6.13 am.
“Everything, Sherlock. I’m sick of my life, I’m sick of the clinic, I’m sick of criminals, I’m sick of people. I’m sick of all the other things I can’t remember that I’m sick of too, so don’t think that because I left I something out, I’m not sick of it. I am and I’m leaving.”
“Met a friend of yours today,” John tells him as he leans over Sherlock’s shoulder to see a rich bouillabaisse bubbling in an unfamiliar cast iron pot.
Mummy turns to Papa. “I could stay there for a few months. I’m pretty certain Iris has a place there.” (She refers to her sister Iris, who seems to have houses and apartments everywhere, yet steadfastly stays in London because she doesn’t like foreign food. She won’t even go to Manchester.)
John listens very closely to the whole story but gets lost in the details about the phones. Lestrade, who has actually read the case file and spoken to Sherlock about it several times, is no wiser.
“Nor have I forgotten how obstinate you can be. Are you going to explain why I never got a post card?”
John sat with me the whole time. That would have to be love, wouldn’t it? I thought it was love. He never declared it, though. It’s wretched, trying to figure out if he just can’t say it or just doesn’t love me.
People tell you that they’re worried as a kind of gift, a compliment, but I can’t see the point. Worrying about me (or anything) wasn’t going to improve my health (or anything else). I had no idea to say. People don’t like to be told not to worry so I changed the subject.
John had so looked forward to Sherlock’s snark when he came home but Sherlock, it seemed, didn’t care.
Next to John Watson, Albion was the most fascinating person I had ever met. Everything my baby did interested me, particularly his methods of communication.
Sherlock is wiping his mouth again with a paper serviette. His mouth feels tacky with imaginary foam.
His treatment plans are invariably overtaken by the same horrible thoughts: you don’t get marks like that in combat. Those wounds can only be inflicted on a restrained man. His hands have to be tied tightly, his feet have to be bound. Every time you strike he would try to get away. The torture is not only physical but also mental – the victim knows that there is nothing he can do or say to stop the beating.  Sherlock was helpless and at their mercy but people who do things like that have no mercy. John clamps his eyes shut and tries to squeeze the hateful thoughts from his mind but they are indelible. It would have been agony, he would have been so helpless.
It grows stronger as he walks, pulling him under when he opens the front door and driving him straight to his own room where it slams him on the floor, back against the wall and he finally breaks down completely, huge thick sodden sobs from every chamber of his heart that won't stop.
"Pretty straightforward, all things considered. To be honest Billy, I've found the coming back to life thing much harder."
But the loveliness was gone and Sherlock didn’t want to risk losing John with it, for it is better to die inwardly with John around than to live in loveliness without him.
“And it would be good if you kept the sugar to an absolute minimum – he’d be getting sufficient glucose on the formula,” the doctor added.
“Such a lovely day,” Mycroft said, staring at the low clouds over London. “I do believe I’ll walk back to my office.”
“No. It’s probably safe to say that he had, however, made a fairly close connection with his penis.”
“Yes, the Camden Garrotter. And yes, he did send me to that person who cures straight boy pain. Why did you buy flowers?”
“Well, you wanted to hear it. Shut up. Anyway, the Woodsman got married and at the wedding the Prince realised that his heart would never knock so loudly for anyone again, and all he could do was be grateful to the Woodsman for helping him discover his heart. And the Woodsman went off to be with the pretty lady.”
"Will you bring home another head?" John tries to say this casually but Sherlock can detect tiny creaks in his voice.
Mycroft was there too, having completed his morning visit by pestering me to take Albion to visit his grandparents.
“I don’t want that to be a thing here,” Sherlock says without looking up. ”I promise we can talk about it later. Can we just … continue as we were?”
John can't quite fit Sherlock in his mind yet. He's like no person or concept he's met, an uncharted island with treacherous rocks, smoking volcanoes and thousands of undiscovered species of poisonous insects. It would be perilous to visit, but be so interesting while you were there.
“I still have it, if you want to see it. Police gave it back to me a few years after she disappeared.”
“Like that,” Sherlock whispers. “Exactly like that, except I could never actually imagine something like that.”
(I dutifully ignored the love bit. He said it in the heat of the moment and I thought it would be more appropriate to make our declarations when we were relaxed and possibly clothed. I didn’t want to scare him away.)
I know a fantastic restaurant down near the dock in Surat Thani in Thailand. I did the owner an enormous favour six years ago. I would love for John to try the seafood hot pot there. With me.
He looked at me carefully. “Where have you been? I haven’t heard from you for days. I thought you might be sick.” Which was code for: I thought you were chasing the dragon again.
As soon as he hears the front door close, Sherlock bolts to his room for a ninety second shower. He dresses carefully in a navy blue Paul Smith suit and organises his curls with a Kent comb.
Families are strange. People talk about dysfunctional families as if they’re an unusual or avoidable phenomenon but I don’t actually know of a functional one.
In a couple of moments John is being watched by five children, all with identical cautious brown eyes. The youngest he guesses to be three, the oldest is probably ten or 11.
“Now Sherlock. I’ve been speaking with Galveston Lestrade and he’s been trying to find Albion’s mother.”
“Are you telling this story? No you are not. Shut up. One night masked men held up the shop while the Prince was in the store by himself. The owner found the Prince the next morning, still tied up and quite cranky. The owner called the police and a Detective Gilroy Lestrade was the investigating officer.”
“He’s my best friend,” Sherlock says proudly. “And I his. I was his best man. He asked me to be his best man because I was, he said, his best friend.”
I had wrapped Albion up in one of his most choice cardigans and pulled the hood over his head. Little dark tufts stuck out at the front. “Look out for wild boars, and tell me about everything you see when you come home.”
John is leaning over the papers, his finger on the 1969 plan, pointing, randomly, to the pagoda. “So you think that Julia travelled directly from the airport to the house in Enfield, stole the girl and then buried her somewhere at the wine office?”
At this stage though, Albion pretty much disliked anything except eating and sleeping. He took it as a personal slight when I bathed him, and acted like I was trying to disembowel him when I changed his nappy.
“Mr Albion should have his own room soon. You have a spare room up the stairs and he would be happy in there with his privacy.“
She answers the door, walking without a cane now, and says nothing, waiting to hear what might have happened.
Molly shakes her head, “In my opinion, no, not after she was unconscious. But I think that happened as she was carried down to the cellar. She must have been terrified before that.”
Sherlock’s on Islington Road near Angel Station, observing the early risers, snacking on small capsules of deduction while he looks for somewhere relatively inoffensive where he might get a proper pot of tea.
She rushed over to us and waited while I tried to get him to do it again. He stared at me with his special you’re-an-idiot look then started to cry because I was unable to keep a secret.
John looks down and see's Sherlock is reading his GMC card. He pats his back pocket, looks at the card again.
“John,” Sherlock answers with a mouth full of peas, “I can assure you there is nothing I would rather do more.”
“Ah.” Mycroft is neutral. The unexplained neither interests or annoys him. It has no impact on him anymore, so he has no need to form an opinion.
“Everyone knows it. Harry had a book of it when we were little. I always liked the way the old cat put a gold star on the good girl’s forehead before he dipped her in a vat of ashes, and gave the bad girl a donkey’s tail”
So Sherlock reaches for his phone and texts Ademar Silver, who is watching bad daytime TV and happy to host an impromptu session with Sherlock.
They fall silent as they move in perfect rhythm, over to the east of London, turn to the side and face the north, then around again and dance silently to the west, and around again, over the south.
Sadly, our opportunities to interfere with each other were limited, because most of our time was consumed with Albion yelling. He wasn’t yelling about anything specific. It was exhausting for all of us. I was starting to recycle my stories for him, and had run out of ways to make the periodic chart sound more interesting.
“Rather long, wasn’t it? What, has it upset you?” He leaps up, hands extended.  “Did I say something wrong?”
I chose his name while I was buying very small blankets. Later that morning I called Mycroft and asked if I could have eighty thousand pounds from my bank account.
“I see.” John’s unconcerned. It happens a lot. Prison is boring and for some inmates, a trip to infirmary can be the most interesting thing that happens all year.  “Can I listen to your chest, just to be certain?”
A large male squirrel with no fear of tourists or locals comes bolting down the path towards them, stopping a few feet shy and watching them carefully.
Sherlock is unconcerned. “As far as I can tell, it’s a development site that is still waiting for council approval.  Mycroft should be contacting me any minute with Council approval.”
“She is,” Sherlock responds with a gentle voice. “She’ll warm up as she gets to know you. Can I ask you – is it – are you comfortable telling me about the day Mariah disappeared?”
John sits up a little straighter and Sherlock, laying with his head in his lap, winds his arm around John’s waist and pushes his face into his belly.
Sherlock makes a face that illustrates irritation perfectly. “No, the fool. Said I might ruin months of surveillance. If I could just see what they had so far, I’d solve it in seconds.”
John laughs, the light hearted, cheerful little laugh of a man who is struck and delighted by something entirely ridiculous. "My relationship? There IS no relationship."
It was relatively straightforward case. I thought weeks of attending a small noisy person with no teeth and an indifference to personal hygiene might have scrambled my brain, but to my surprise  I had no trouble gathering the information and making deductions, and was able to sustain a mental image of Albion at the same time, so I was certain I was ready to resume work.
When I was certain there was no one around who would yell at me, I unwrapped his little feet and stroked the soles. His feet folded perfectly, indicating that the clutch reflex was present, so he could grip a branch if necessary. He would lose that shortly, so I made a mental note to get a curtain rod and test it properly soon.
"Okay, maybe you can't practice medicine but you can still do meaningful work." John scoffs in his heart. "Doing what?"
“Well, I should have this case closed by the end of the day,” Greg says with a slightly blocked nose.
I missed the social services ladies’ reaction because my attention was captured by John Watson and Albion, completely oblivious, gently tapping foreheads with each other. Albion thought this was delightful and laughed every time John leaned in.
Albion chose that moment to remind me that I am an idiot who can’t provide him with a quiet sleeping environment.
John's entirely unsure but a couple of hours later, scrubbed and oiled and massaged from neck to toes, he understands how much he really did need a scrub.
“Well, we might have a dog then. We can get a loud yappy one that we can train to clear the playground for us.”
I have no idea what happened after that; I woke up in hospital. It wasn’t as serious as the first time she shot me but it was more painful.
I had no idea what they were doing. It was disconcerting and I had to put a stop to it. “Are we going to have a cold war here in the lounge room?”
Colin the warlock has facts at his fingertips. "Oh, and this is Rhonda. She's not ours, the first guy who lived here left her behind when he moved out and we haven't got around to getting rid of her. Are you cool with cats? Only the last chick was allergic and didn't get on with Rhonda AT ALL."
The files date back to the late 1940s.  John has spoken to the archivist, and she has emailed him 147 case numbers that she thinks might be of interest. All of them have been keyworded carefully with words related to specific evidence. In this instance, the common keyword is shoe.
“Show you how to do it,” said the nurse, who was apparently too tired to even use complete sentences. He adjusted my baby in my arms and demonstrated how to hold the bottle correctly so that my boy drank faux milk and not air.
Sherlock is intensely curious. He puts John at the centre stage of his thoughts, luxuriating in the slow strokes of Ademar’s fist, flinching instinctively as Ademar’s thick fingers slowly slip behind his scrotum and stroke the dense muscles of his perineum.
”Yes. I’m intense,” I agreed.  (I actually had been diagnosed with post traumatic stress syndrome but that bored me to the point of a coma. I hated talking about it.)
“NO.” John is adamant. “No branding. It would hurt you, and it might get infected. This is much more pleasant. And it looks wonderful.” He looks up to his partner who is still rather taken with the idea of branding. “You have lovely feet. I think this might be great therapy for both of us when we’ve had a hard day. And it’s our secret.”
The little girl balances neatly on her mother’s lap and sits up straight. “It is beneficial for the spine to sit like this always,” Eurus tells her.
"You have to be a Libra." Colin is leaning over towards him, hands clasped together tightly. He smells like oats.
"Right," but his voice is already a little off centre, his thoughts skewed as the maddening rhythm builds and everything under his skin turns to hot liquid.
John was sneaking me out of hospital, we supposed, without Mycroft’s knowledge but it is likely he hovered over us anyway like the dangerous all-seeing spider that he is.  I thought now was a good time to tell John Watson that I loved him.
“I only ask because you’ve never been in a live-in type relationship and I’ve been worried that it might be a bit strange for you.”
Their complete lack of concern has explained to John why Rhonda is a blithering mess. She is, in her small animal way, as traumatised and embarrassed as John. On his first night in the house, once she established he was a single man, she crept into his room and hid under the bed. The next night she peered out briefly to miaow and at him and let him know she was there. Evening, Captain!
Sherlock does as John does, slipping his shirt off, unfastening his trousers, leaving his socks and shoes where they fall. Once he looks, he’s unable to tear his eyes away from John thighs and belly, the predictable bulge and coarse sprigs of hair. He gets a quick glimpse of the cloud of moisture spreading on the fabric of his pants before they’re peeled off, the beautiful flushed cock completely erect. John stands before him, watching the appraisal.
“Yes. Sometimes he stops crying and listens. And he definitely has very advanced skills in both reacting to voices and forming sounds.”
The nurse is busy, and fits Corinne amongst a raft of other patients. When the phone rings, Corinne thinks it’s the nurse, saying she will be late.
London is wheezing and groaning in the early morning. There are a few hardy souls starting their busy days and a few diehards still grasping at the remnants of the night before.
“The moral of the story is don’t get a stepmother, which you don’t have to worry about because I’ll never bring home a stepmother. The other, more important moral is to trust the Woodsman with your life because he’ll keep you safe.
That sounded like something a despotic ministry of food would say to brainwash its citizens. Where did Mycroft find this odd woman? I suspected Anya had met Mycroft through an intelligence network and asked her quite casually one day when she was feeding Albion.
I was a little embarrassed. “Yes. I meant to tell you.  Actually thought I might amend it slightly.”
And then he produces a bottle of Butter nail varnish in a very deep purple, a noble sparkling colour that has an opalescent effect under the light.
John is more reserved, His hands in tucked deep in his jacket pockets and although he looks calm, he's not sure what he's actually doing. His mind is entirely alert and his body's pain free.
“We might take you for a walk so you’ve got an appetite for dinner,” John suggested.  And get some milk while we’re out.”
John’s heart is crowded with doubt. This isn’t right. Sherlock shouldn’t be so happy. Angelo’s is ours. Caroline should irritate him. Why is he being so gracious?
John was not a man for letting the grass grow under his well-shod feet. He re-instated his furniture and possessions in less than twenty-four hours.
He's just about to leave when he checks his pockets and realises he hasn't got Lestrade's warrant card.
“Well, according to his chart, Albion is entirely healthy, and we can’t find any evidence that she was using while she pregnant. She was certainly fraternising with three known junkies, but each of them swore blind that she wasn’t using while she was pregnant.”
They never talk about their relationship per se. There isn't much to say, says Sherlock. It's all fine, says John.
Albion was lolling on John’s shoulder, trying to stay awake so he could learn about the new nursery.
Lestrade sighs heavily and rolls his eyes in exasperation. John is starting to think that this is his default position with Sherlock. He gives in wearily. "Oh, for Christ's sake, just call him."
“I was compiling a book of complex mathematical theory,” Mummy seethed. “It is an extremely important book, and a great honour to have been asked by the faculty at Trinity College to record my theories.” Mummy is savage but maintains an elegant poise. “I hired two nannies, still breast fed her, and my husband – Eurus’s father – and her brothers, were there at all times.”
“I found your speech.” Sherlock doesn’t have much hope in this appalling lie, but figures there’s no harm in one last try.
Sherlock has forwarded Julia’s name and age to Mycroft. Within two hours, details of  four possible Julias are returned, and in less than thirty minutes after that, another email arrives, this time with details of just one Julia, who was born in 1946, who grew up in Reading, and whose tax records show, most importantly, that she worked for Wridge’s Wine Imports between 1973 and 1977.
"Wait. Let me get this. He has phones for each of them, and those phones correspond with the numbers on their arms.”
There's not much - a few books, a few shirts, a few pairs of socks, a few jumpers, some papers, a couple of postcards he wrote to his sister in Afghanistan but never sent , a framed copy of his degree, his discharge papers.
John Watson cupped the silky little neck and drew Albion close so he could kiss his fuzzy head. Albion was losing his crest, and the very fine down that was coming up underneath was apparently wavy.
There's the police, rushing towards the sound of a gun, Lestrade at the front, terrified that Sherlock has been shot.
"Hello Mummy!" His excitement is almost impossible to contain. His mother has never visited him anywhere. "Papa!"
It ended almost as soon as it started. “I will now take Mr Albion to the park. I will see you both later, Mr Sherlock and Mr John.”
“Well. Teenagers love storming off in sulks and slamming doors. They like it even better when they can stamp up stairs and then slam the door. It annoys their parents more and makes more noise.”
I was denied access to the room while it was being painted, partly because John wanted it to be a surprise, but mostly so I wouldn’t interfere with the paint. I was actually more interested in interfering with John Watson, who kept appearing at odd times in very old jeans and a t-shirt that seemed to be held together by mere molecules of cotton, all daubed with swipes of sky-coloured paint that matched the shade of his eyes exactly.
For a while there, I wondered if I loved him because I couldn’t deduce why I loved him. Then I wondered if this is what dull people meant when they sang songs about their paramour casting a spell on them.
Albion gurgled with a wobbly head when I kissed his little cheek. John Watson appeared at that moment, showered, dressed in a jumper not unlike Albion’s and clean-shaven.
John is also a different man. His health has much improved: he sleeps soundly these days, his legs are strong and his hands are still and calm. Sherlock thought, in their first days back together, that John had completely recovered from his post-military trauma and his post-Mary trauma, until the day he came upon John ironing his shirts.
He has long legs too. I’ve calculated that if he grows at the normal rate, he should attain a full height of six foot one.
He spent the first caseless day lying on the couch with his feet planted flat against the wall, his head hanging of the edge, his curls tumbling towards the floor, blood pooling in the top of his brain. He was trying to render himself unconscious. It didn't work because it couldn't sustain his interest long enough. He gave up after a couple of hours, drank some hot water, counted all the fleur de lys designs in the wallpaper (there 267 but if you count each piece at the edge of the paper and combine them into whole pieces there are 274) and the re-read treasured passages from The Italian Journey:
It takes Sherlock a moment to remember that John isn't actually in the John Room with him. "You've saved my life. I'd like to save yours."
Sherlock chuckles to himself when he reads through John’s browser history the next day. That it matters to him, that John cares so deeply about Sherlock’s personal history, is delightful.  It is also impressive how widely John read to better understand Sherlock’s college – it takes Sherlock almost an hour to wade through it all.
Now, it seems, John is keeping the poems, and in a very respectful way. It’s strange and rather thrilling. Sherlock files this interesting development to ponder and dissect later. He has a more pressing inquiry now.
"Did you find it too distressing?" For these days, poor John is constantly looking for someone to whom he can connect, someone, anyone who understands what it is like to find your self in a world where everything seems to have become too hurtful to manage.
On the way home John stares from the window and starts to shake gently. Sherlock can see he's laughing.
I can’t remember if he was confused before I said I love him after my first operation, in which case the magazine must have been upsetting him, or after, in which case it was more likely me who confused him.
I stared at Mycroft until he looked at me. “You were in New York? You said you were going to Washington.”
He is interrupted by John’s firm, steady hand on his shoulder. “Sherlock,” John says gently, “We won’t be calling any constables. I think you’ve made your point.”
In her statement, she recounted that she had driven her boss to the airport early that morning in his car, and then drove straight her office in Putney, where she parked that car. She was there all day.
The waiting room is full of tired, unwell people. They are not John's problem at this moment, although he feels like he's on a bit of a roll now and would very much like to check each and everyone, to be certain that there are no cases that should be rushed through triage.
So the case is solved quite quickly. Charges are not preferred. Jeremy’s mother commits to repaying all the chemists, Lestrade confiscates the faux gun, the youth worker stays to check that Jeremy will get support with this new stage of his life and John is agog in the taxi home. He hardly knows where to start, bouncing back from one fact to another.
After I watched all the Toby videos I asked her to play them all again because I knew that would make her happy, and I wish fervently that Molly will always be happy.
Anya was an interesting person. I deduced that she was 55, shopped at Next and Jaeger, had three children (one of whom had died), was a vegetarian, divorced, skyped with her family three times a week, cooked a lot of stews and casseroles, ran regularly and smoked a pipe.
Sherlock watches carefully. John holds the poem in his left hand and as he reads, raises his right hand to his wounded shoulder to lightly rub the scar through his jumper.
John unwrapped a recently laundered nappy. “Lestrade wasn’t joking. The nappies do match the wallpaper. Where do you even – oh, never mind. Of course you have nappies that would help your baby camouflage against the wall if necessary.” He buried his head back in that soft pink belly. “And he’s not laughing at us. You’re laughing with us, aren’t you? Here,” he said to me, “Have another go. Blowing raspberries on babies is a wonderful workout.”
Ademar has been tomming for four years so is nonplussed that a client has appeared so early in the day. He assesses Sherlock with calm eyes. “You must be Sherlock,” he says eventually.
There is nothing wrong with the job. Everyone treats him with kindness and interest, everyone has made it their personal, unspoken responsibility to assist a real live war hero to make the adjustment to civilian life. John feels their trust and awe and it makes him feel like the worst kind of fraud. The pains in his leg grow worse, his hand is never still and his sleep is a muesli of terrifying dreams and horrendous sweats that leave him slack and dehydrated.
He also tried to build a cellar but it was a disaster. The temperature could not be controlled, and what looked good in design was actually cumbersome in practice.  He rented better storage in a nearby warehouse and the cellar stayed empty.
The ladies explained that they had been alerted by the hospital of my previous drug use and, as such, were here to see that Albion was being cared for in an environment where he could thrive. They carried documents that were signed by people who had delegated powers that enabled them, they told me plainly, to remove Albion if they thought he was in danger.
Magazines like the Reader’s Digest occasionally run stories making pointless claims that babies and toddlers find drowning quite pleasant because they don’t struggle. I have tried frequently to go back in my mind palace to see if that is true but with no luck. All I can recover is the colour of the water as I stood on the edge of the pool, and that there were no frogs.
The Detective Inspector smiles and shakes hands with surprising warmth. "Greg Lestrade. So what do you think?"
It can't go on, he regularly tells Rhonda who watches with sympathy from the laundry hamper. I can't live like this.
John instantly thinks of Burt Lancaster and smiles politely. "I'm the man who found your bird, yes."
John watches him closely. He doesn’t need Sherlock’s skills of observation to see that Greg is smitten. Perhaps an outing like this could be the perfect opportunity to advance a happy coupling.
Sherlock worked endless hours trying to track down further employees of the Wridges Wine Imports company, but the one person he found had no recollection of that day, or of anyone who may have had access to the cellar, and certainly no memory of Julia.
Rosie is carefully eating a small bowl of porridge with a bright blue plastic spoon. She hears their voices, and the familiarity they share is comforting. She likes porridge, and she likes the way Sherlock makes it. The day is starting on a happy note for her.
Building a case against Julia will be near impossible. The theory was sound, but it can’t be substantiated with hard evidence. Other theories can’t be discounted unless there is incontrovertible proof: perhaps Sherlock is right -  the child tripped and hit her head on the fence, and Julia panicked, and quickly hid her in the car? Did Julia hit her, and cause the skull fracture?
Sherlock allows himself a couple of seconds’ indulgence to think about sucking eggs, then makes his decision.
They had missed one another so sorely, but when John came back to Baker Street, neither he nor Sherlock fooled themselves: it could never go back to what it had been. Their time apart had been fraught, to say the least.
John carefully adjusted my clean baby in my arms. “Here. Hold this while I get his bottle and make us tea.”
"Well, if the boss wasn't a user, I'd say they were working together and doing some serious skimming, you know, like in the hundreds or even thousands, depending on how much they were selling."
Both Mr and Mrs Holmes have inherited well, and both can live on substantial bequests that exempt them from the drear of every day employment. Certainly they are nice people, both of whom treat their clever children with respect and intelligence, but such is their life of privilege and social standing that neither of them can envisage what a true calamity might actually be like.
“John? Are you okay?” I was inching over behind him and working out how I could slip my arms around him without disturbing him.
So vast was his intellect that, not long after Sherlock's birth, he had to give up teaching entirely because his thoughts had become too complex, and his reasoning too brilliant, so that neither students nor his fellows could understand him. Dissertations are still undertaken today by foolhardy, ambitious post graduate students, desperately trying to unravel his extraordinary thinking.
John, who once revived a dead man in an emergency room by instigating a desperate median sternotomy and throwing warm water over his still heart, is deteriorating rapidly.
“You can always make room. The older brother has great influence with the London councils. Everyone in London builds up.”
They don’t know it, but those little puddings, and the small dog she meets at Mrs Best’s place a few days earlier, and walking down the stairs by herself, stay to form her earliest memories.
“Well, based on the scant details Ms Bannister supplied, I’ve put aside 12 for you because they’re female children. A couple of those could also be parental abductions.” Sherlock sighs, and wanders over to Rosie, who has another puzzle to put together. “People are such liars, aren’t they Watson?”
Lestrade waits expectantly before he remembers who he's dealing with, and realises the answer will be delivered with series of clues obvious to no one but Sherlock, followed with an
I was on the couch, rocking Albion at four thirty in the morning. He continued crying because he liked the way his voice sounded when his body was swayed gently.
I didn’t fall in love. I just had big globs of the stuff oozing from me like custard when you squash a profiterole, big globs of untested love that were already there, waiting to be used.
Afterwards they lay close and hold each other’s eyes in a lazy, satisfied gaze. John strokes Sherlock’s face, fingers halting occasionally to admire the planes of his cheek bones or the smooth thick arch of his eyebrows and presently falls asleep, his hand loose at Sherlock’s chin.
What we did have was sentiment and chemical imbalance but both of us had discounted that: me, because I always did, and John, only because I did and he could no longer trust his own feelings.
It’s an unsatisfactory visit. John had no solution, nor was he prepared to make any promises.  He took some brief details and a cell phone number, and told Jenny he would be in touch.
“We’re not students. I’m a consulting detective, and I want to talk to you about the disappearance of Mariah Best.”
It falls on John like a slammed door, and in his darkness he reaches over to Sherlock, and kisses him long and deeply.
Sherlock is trying to multiply his family’s intelligence to grasp the enormity of this issue. Eurus, still holding Sherlock, looks up from the embrace to address Mycroft. “Intelligence is a concept, Myckie, and you can’t quantify it so you can’t measure it with a sum.”
John sipped his tea with a small, sly smile. He was not going to badgered by me this morning. I changed tack.
Lestrade and I talked mostly about crimes. There had been a couple of significant arrests in a very large fraud matter that started just before I went on my three week drug-fuelled hiatus, and currently the team was trying to get a break through in a series of armed robberies. Lestrade wouldn’t give me any details though.
Sherlock didn’t answer. He was stuck under tons of wet rags, shivering in his mind at his cold, unromantic heart.
There’s a bronze called Tea and Toast, a bright navy blue called Blue Coat, a murky olive with streak of gold called Cease Fire and a deep black-blood red called Man of the Moment. The names are perfect echoes of the familiar and comforting things that John and he have collected between them over the years.
They are travelling home in a taxi, recreating the room where they have spoken to the financier, the man they suspect of embezzling hundreds of thousands of pounds. Sherlock can’t work out where the money has been hidden or spent so he’s creating a mental inventory of the room in which they spoke to the suspect, trying to ascertain what is out of place. So far, all the suspect’s possessions and home have failed to suggest any newly found wealth.
John considers arguing, but something deep inside reminds me how awful it is to be on the outside. He smiles gently, nodding a little as if he might agree, but all the time thinking how hard it must be for her amongst all these men, how hard to be taken seriously and get the career breaks, to do twice the work for half the reward.
John, who has been watching carefully for any kind of disconcordance from Sherlock, is suddenly aware he has to spend the entire evening with this formidable woman. “Do you want to come?” he finds himself asking, sounding a little desperate.
"Well, I haven't stolen anything from a hospital in ages, unless you count a couple of canulas last night and I don't. A cat would be an interesting thing to steal."
Mycroft waited until we were both completely confused and stepped in with all the relevant information. “Adrienne is preparing to act as a surrogate for another couple, a British couple who are currently living in New York.”
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say. He is absorbed by the hard facts of the matter, but the esoteric can not be overlooked. John is stuck on the little girl’s fear, and her seeming attachment to her home. Her desperation to be found only matches his desperation to find her.
So while we laid there laughing at our uselessness, we started making love without any plans at all. John moved his hand under my shirt, I started kissing his throat, and with some careful moves got to the stage where we we pressing our bare chests against teach other.
“You’re wondering what happened to the cats, aren’t you? Here, would you like some more of this positively scrumptious bottle?”
Mycroft rolled his eyes. He was bored too. “Yes, of course. I’ll have my car take you to the airport.”
“John, this is my listening-and-understanding face. You’ll have to learn to cope with it. I can’t use any other face when I listen and prepare to comprehend. Now tell me what you want to say.”
The following week, Mike Stamford called to offer John the job. He had, Mike insisted, been the most experienced candidate and his alma mater was keen to have John instructing a new generation of doctors.
I wasn’t sure whether to lie or to tell the awful truth. My brother looked away, which was his way of saying “you’re on your own, Sherlock.”
Sherlock puffs up to his full height and lowers his eyelids slightly, standing at the stove with a teapot in his hand. “I’ll have you know that when I organised your first wedding, I was asked repeatedly what kind of food we were serving and who was being invited. Everyone wanted a good meal and to see an argument between possible adversaries or better still, someone objecting to the vows. People expect a show, John, which is why I’ve asked Mycroft to pay someone to organise a good one.”
“Sorry, I’m nearly ready! I just have to try and get Toby settled - he’s never like this!” she wailed when she answered the door.
The next morning John wakes and makes an immediate vow never to drink again before struggling to the bathroom on two stiff feet. When he returns to their bed, he finds this taped to a freshly made cup of tea, alongside a tall glass of water and two paracetomol tablets on his bedside table:
John Watson was tucked up in bed. The dedicated doctor had worked an eleven hour shift that day, I explained to Albion, and needed to sleep.
John's glare is unnerving. Sherlock searches his face but it’s blank, not a single message is there. It seems like John is a long way from him, his eyes locked on his face, mouth slightly pulled as he considers something unlikely.
“Nope. Only you. I have a very limited attention span. Also, I’m very faithful. And in any case I’m besotted with you. I have no interest in having sex with anyone but you. You are the most intriguing and arousing person in the world. Also the loveliest. Only a fool would want to have sex with anyone else.”
Uncle Rudy turns back to watch Sherlock and Victor play. Sherlock is the odd one, wedged between the precise, highly strung Mycroft and the extraordinary, tightly bound Eurus. Sherlock has the open heart, the most desire to smile and enjoy. He is, Rudy worries, the one most likely to end up the mortally wounded in this haphazard household of well meaning but essentially clueless parents.
But gifts aren’t always obvious, or straightforward. Jennifer Bannister took the gift of closure to Corinne Best when she decided to seek help from my father, but poor Mrs Best never learnt how her daughter was found.
“When I was about twelve. Harry bought it home – I think someone at school gave it to her. Anyway, it didn’t like her. He spent all his time with me. I taught him to play marbles.”
All that beer and whiskey means that John’s not quite as robust as usual but it doesn’t mean he’s not up for some playful groping and coarse whispers. He sighs when he feels Sherlock’s careful hand easing into his trousers, sighs as his flaccid cock is cradled in safe hands, smiles as he settles into his pillow to enjoy Sherlock bucking against him, looking after his own pleasure but keeping John close, their clothes and shoes dropping to the floor one by one. Sherlock takes his time, comes comfortably over John’s belly and cleans him up with his shirt. They wind themselves together and John smiles as he drifts off, Sherlock rocking their bodies very gently into the heavy tide of sleep.
The day after the funeral, two local detectives visited the Holmes household. They had to prepare a report for the Coroner, and asked to record Sherlock’s view of the accident.
Blue, turquoise, indigo. Decorating. Styling. The suspect was married to a stylist who specialised in home décor. Sherlock thinks about decorating and recalls the shade of paint, the floor boards, the curtains and then turns to John with excited eyes.
“I don’t think he’s too sure himself. But don’t let that worry you. If it’s any consolation, I loved it. Albion will too one day.”
“I think you’ve slept more in the last 48 hours than you did in the entire time I lived here before.”
“It’s too painful,” she says in voice John recognises, the voice of a patient who has lived in chronic pain for decades. “I can’t -  I just can’t bear to have the photo replace my memories of her. They’re all packed up, under the bed.”
“Because I don’t know it. And I don’t want to wait around until I find someone I find tolerable who might teach me because the likelihood is I never will.”
Mycroft didn’t have baby confidence but he was transitioning, moving from hesitant towards smitten. Albion was entirely bored and slept through the whole proceedings, thus missing the moment when his uncle fell in love with him.
Detective Inspector Lestrade came to visit me too. He bought me two eccles cakes in a pink bag, which was an old joke between us. Lestrade is sweetly sentimental like that.
The next day Sherlock returns to the suspect’s house and inspects the fittings more carefully. He finds expensive boutique paint, solid timber floor boards, curtains that have been made from custom designed fabric - all things that cannot be accounted for in any of the suspect’s financial records. Sherlock rightly deduces that that the offender was piling money into his wife’s business, building her portfolio and empire with money he was supposed to invest on behalf of the credit union’s clients.
“We have to … I don’t know, nail it to the door of the Town Hall. We should say that  - we should tell people.”
Soon the warm box smells of chips, beer, hamburgers and cooked sausage. Everyone talks and laughs except Sherlock, who likes to concentrate on chips when he has them. He starts in the centre where the chips are heaped, eats until he reached the surface of the bowl, then works his way around the remaining circle of chips in a counter clockwise direction. (Other times he likes to lay them all out side-by-side, salt them individually before consuming them one by one, but that requires the chips to be extremely hot, as well as a large clean table.)
I had a career in medicine. John's hand spasms and he presses it still between his knees. "No. I have injuries. I can't practice at the moment."
The front door slams, which means the warlock and his woman are home and the thumping is likely to start any minute. Rhonda rushes into the laundry hamper and this startles the mouse, who flies off the bed and runs with remarkable speed to the skirting board.
“Our parents both helped us buy it,” Mrs Best says. “Robert’s family were quite well off, and my family had a little money.” She looks at the sore on her leg. “They’re all dead now.  Robert’s death killed his father. His mother died a few years later. None of them were involved in Mariah’s disappearance. They loved her, and suffered like we suffered.”
“Because I always called him Lestrade. I never knew his name was Greg and by the time I was told, it was too late. Anyway, I think he secretly likes me calling him different names.”
Her boys adore her. Every few weeks they turn up to the family home in Mayfair squabbling for her attention, all but elbowing each other out of the way to have her to themselves for a few precious moments.
John Watson came over all coy and gave me the very attractive smile he reserves for the times when he is being difficult.
I gave Watson an effective I-don’t-believe-you look and had another go at the belly raspberry. It was a very soft surface and I had trouble getting a good grip with my lips. I was starting to suspect that this was just as entertaining for Albion.
It also is welcome by John, who probably wouldn't have gone inside if the place had been in complete blackness.
Everything I see around me suggests two lines of inquiry which I shall not fail to pursue when I see my way more clearly.
"Sixthy eight minuteth." Sherlock counts by seconds while he pilfers a small assortment of canulas. Always handy to have a couple on hand.
It is a complete contrast to the mouse, who John too now hears rustling inside walls every night as he lays in bed, waiting for the nightmares to start. The bird looks around the room with detached curiosity and has no objections to John getting any closer.
The victim had been murdered in his dingy flat in Archway. The suspects and victim had been playing cards, there’d been an altercation and one of the suspects had slashed the victim’s throat. There were copious amounts of blood and some disarray of the furniture.
I concentrated on securing tabs and making sure Albion was comfortable in his clean pants. “When?” I asked casually.
“The person who has grabbed her hasn’t thrown the shoe,” Sherlock says. “ It would have landed at an angle, further up here. No. The shoe has slipped from the child’s foot as she kicked.”
“You’re going to be happy here, and you will get the best care and the best guidance. One of us will be will be here with you at all times. And if you are ever unhappy, or you don’t like it,  you just have to call me and we will bring you home immediately.”
John has no idea what they are but figures it has something to do with Greg’s workload. He’s about to ask when Greg explains.
They don’t bother getting out of bed and use the late evening lolling to clarify a couple of contentious points. Sherlock is not optimistic.
“Sherlock, I don’t know what you’re talking about. If you want to get some balloons to shoot, fine.”
There are so many things you want to teach your children, but so many things you can’t. It is awful to realise that some things they have to learn will come with grief or discomfort or pain. John and I have known so much of these things and it hurts us both to know that no matter how desperately we love Albion and Bonnie, there are no happily ever afters as popular culture will have you believe.
“I – I don’t know what I’m trying to say. But there is quiche. And peas. And brownies, and I made a thermos of tea too.”
“Brilliant! Genius baby!” I leaned down and kissed the top of his fluffy head, which amused him greatly.
“You are so lucky to have a sister!” Victor tells Sherlock as the bandits sits cross legged and eat their sandwiches.
Sherlock reaches up to adjust the angle of the light again. Lestrade moves to fix the beam in the right position.
We sat outside in the main courtyard. It is splendid to be visited by Mrs Hudson – she is interested in lots of things and is never dull. I told her about the hospital, mostly; she was particularly keen to know why everyone was there. Sadly we were all there because we were addicts, self harming addicts, mentally deranged addicts (I think that was me, but could never get that confirmed), dangerous addicts or serving out part of a Court agreement (that was definitely me).  To make up for my general understanding of my fellow patients’ misdemeanors, I told her who was having an affair with whom (there were about eight affairs going on between patients while I was there; I can’t be certain of the exact number because I deleted it when I was discharged) and I was also able to tell her about the bathrooms, which had been modified to stop us hanging ourselves or hiding any kind of substances.
Sherlock thought about it long and hard, day after day on the couch, his hands pressed together, his eyes closed.
That’s when it bursts in his heart, the things he wants to say, the question he wants Sherlock to answer for both of them.
John is no mood for any kind of niceness and walks straight past Ademar. “Sherlock!” he says loudly.
Molly is mostly silent as she examining the head for fractures. “Right here, “ she says, and Sherlock inspects a substantial crack at the base of Mariah’s skull, an inch or so to the left of her spine. “Oh, and here too,” and all three lean over to see the deep crack at the second cervical disc.
“Shut up. Of course you do. Anyway, the Prince’s tedious parents both went mental and came to see the Prince and cried and asked what they had done wrong and why was he such a rubbish son and why couldn’t he be like his brother and that went on for days until the Prince discharged himself and got a job in a bottle shop.”
John stands up, drains his tea quickly and leans over to kiss the side of Sherlock’s face. “Because you’re brilliant. And very sexy.”
And then the second guest walked in, a man with a closely trimmed beard and an unfamiliar jumper, pushing past Ms Briggs and walking straight between Ms Powers and me. He swept Albion from my arms, patting my bicep briefly and smiling straight into my eyes for a split second before he turned to address Ms Powers.
“I don’t know for sure. I think her first murders were in California. She has to serve sentences there first, then in Nevada, Texas and Illinois. They definitely have the death penalty in Texas, but I doubt she’ll ever finish her sentence in California. She’s facing two consecutive forty year sentences.”
My mother was nodding. “He really is the prettiest baby, and I’m not just saying that because he’s ours.”
“Possibly, although that is an act of severe criminality, and would result in you being locked in a cold cell with no pencils for several decades.” Eurus stops drawing and looks up, interested, so Rudy continues. “Why don’t you try my idea, and if its no better, we’ll work out ways you might burn the house down.”
It's been a long time since any thing so pretty has been in his life. He takes a photo of it on his phone, and then another. While he's staring at the photo, and feeling keenly the lack of any colour in his life, and understanding that at this rate, things are going to continue being black and white, it occurs to him what he actually wants and how achieving that is really very simple.
“Sherlock, you – you are the only person who has ever made me feel so  - well, in love.  I was attracted to you the moment I met you. I think you are the most extraordinary person I’ve ever known. You mean everything to me and I would do anything for you. If you want me to cure your straight boy pain, I will, immediately and with great enthusiasm. Then I guarantee to keep you pain free for the rest of your life.” His gaze is steady, compelling. “And for the record, I know a lot more about sex than bloody Adeline Shivers or whatever his name is.”
"They removed it, Mrs Fenelly. It was vandalised so many times, it worked out cheaper to just re-locate it near the library."
He couldn't come up with anything, although he made a substantial list of things he didn't like in people and wouldn't tolerate in a friend. This rendered the whole exercise useless and Sherlock found himself once again resigned to the fact that he would be alone on this earth for all time.
For the first time Sherlock smiles naturally as he stares into his tea. “Yes. He’s very handsome. His features are very even, and they all denote intelligence – high wide forehead, ears set above the line of his eye brows, thick eye brows too, very clear eyes, wide mouth, strong nose, and fair hair. And he’s in very good condition – broad chest, strong legs.”
Mrs Best shrugs. “She was at work the whole time. The police did talk to her, but she couldn’t have been involved. I only met her once, when she came to our house to tell me she was having an affair with Robert.”
My father remembered it differently. “Actually it was. You had a great big red ring on your cheek for days.”
At this early stage John is yet to grasp the enormity of Sherlock Holmes. "It's a bit overwhelming. You see a lot."
Albion pulled my hair some more while I thought this through. I pretended Mycroft wasn’t there and turned to John. “Are you sure?”
His frustrated pleadings have no effect, and Sherlock has to accept that he may never know if, as he suspects, a young nurse died of smoke inhalation six years ago. He grows sulky and sneers at the world around him for holding tantalising facts just out of his reach.
"Nothing's ever straight forward with you, is it? Anybody else would just drop their phone accidently and it would slide under the fridge. Not you. You have to have an explosion."
Half-a-wife Watson is one of the most patient men I know. He has  forgiven his treacherous wife a wide range of transgressions, including lying about everything about her life pre-Watson, shooting me, two affairs and losing her wedding ring on a rifle range.  Lesser men would have walked away long ago.
Ademar’s tea is not as good as John’s, but the flat is tidy and decked out in modern, somewhat stylish furniture. It smells of eucalyptus, which is one of the few herbal scents that will override the heavy bleach fragrance of semen.
“Adrienne remains his legally recognised parent, and if you change your mind in future, you have to organise adoption. Provided she agrees.”
John stands quite still for several seconds while a new storm of anger and jealousy rumbles through him. He stretches his fingers, looking around for something to break. Something glass, something large, something that will provide loud, satisfying indelible proof of its condition as it is destroyed.
I liked John from the moment I met him. He is as you find him – honest, devoted, a man of great moral fortitude – and he doesn’t utilise any kind of artifice. That’s a rare thing. Most people employ a bit (or a lot) of artifice in their every day life and their personality is a cocktail of the faces they use in public and the person they are in private. John Watson is pure, unblended flavours. He is always polite because he believes that is the best way to treat another person. He is never willingly cruel. But he’s not garrulous either. He can be quite curt, prickly even. He will not court you with mindless small talk if he doesn’t want to speak with you.
“Sort of. It made it very easy to be a consulting detective. Anyway, one day Gilroy rang him up and told him about a murder where the body had specks of dried green paint on it. So the Prince went over to Bart’s to do some tests on paint and blood, and got talking to the Lab manager, and told him that he had a new flat and the lab manager asked if he was living alone and the Prince said, who’d want a flat mate like me? The lab manager just shrugged his shoulders and went out to lunch.”
Outside in the kitchen pots rattled and the house thumped. Rhonda crept back under the bed. A few days later he came home to find her asleep in his laundry hamper.
Before long I was there with them, travelling through this sad case where they found the gift of one another. Small parts of it were familiar, mostly the little dog who growled while I sat on Sherlock’s lap. I wasn’t frightened, for there was nothing to be frightened of.
John flips the envelope back and forth, looking at the crest, assessing the weight. “It’s addressed to you.”
Sherlock doesn't blink. "I've got a human head in the fridge and I can fit most of toes in the tap in the bathtub."
“Is that your thing now?” Lestrade wondered when he made an early morning call with an interesting case. (Sherlock agreed to investigate the unusual death that local police charged as dangerous driving, but that Lestrade suspected was vehicular homicide.)
She makes that little half snigger again. "Well, I know he loves skin diseases, so I keep a look out for him. One of these has particularly corroded fingernails."
“Stupid sick people,” Sherlock murmurs into his collar. “Actually, could you maybe encourage one of the more unstable ones to commit some difficult crimes?”
"To a fabulous pizza place I know not far from here. You know, you can always tell a great Italian restaurant by the way they serve their parmesan cheese and black pepper."
“Yes. Well, poem is probably too generous a description but I attempted to express sentiment in a form of verse.”  Sherlock stands tall, hands behind his back, bracing himself for disdain or mocking.
“He doesn’t need you to make that noise for him,” I told John. “He can do that very adequately himself.”
Sherlock lifted his face and stilled as if his bones had set in concrete. He stared right through John as the loveliness washed out the door and into the deep gutter that runs along Baker Street.
While I’ve built my career on careful examination and assessment of all available evidence at a crime scene, and brag whenever possible that I am the world’s only consulting detective, it must be said that Mycroft is by far more talented and skilled at deductions than I.
Mrs Hudson is waiting for them when they get home. She stands at her door with a very large cooler box. It appeared to John to be the type used by hospitals to transport donated organs.
My brother called me back later that morning. “Are you buying nursery furniture from department stores? I’ve had an alert on your credit card.”
John doesn't have to think. "When you pick pocketed me while I was stitching your face, the first night I met you."
It brings another dimension to their coupling. Sherlock responds effusively to the care, the promise of protection, while John taps into his other secrets that Sherlock can’t quite see yet, those overwhelming desires to possess and adore.
“Is it Molly? Does she disturb you? I can vandalize all the vending machines and send her out for crisps when we need the morgue.”
"I do." His pride is evident in his smile and the straightened shoulders. "The Science of Deduction. You should look it up."
All the while, he wonders if he and John might have been friends if they met at university. Sherlock decides no: he considers his young self to have been unripe, not quite grown into what his gifts had promised of him while John, on the other hand, would have been a hopeful, excitable kind of young man. It’s unlikely they would have been ready for one another.
They've followed her through to a wing on the eastern side of the building, They can hear an occasional cry or moan and some aimless conversations. The sounds are distant, the voices are weak.
"There's just no point in getting dressed." Sherlock is annoyed to lose her attention so quick but the night is young. He can out-manoeuvre Mycroft yet.
Sherlock is in full flight, hands flaying. “Oh! What a great idea. Discuss my ignorance about my homosexuality with three continents not gay Watson! Forgive my naivety but why would I do that?”
More wounding was that evidence that John didn’t think his mate was romantic and scoffed at the notion he could be.
It was an interesting case that seemed simple enough. There was one victim with a slashed throat. There were three suspects, but only one had made the fatal incision. Each had been with the victim a the time of death, each denied it and blamed one of the others. Lestrade and his team had been trying to decide who was responsible.
"No, no, no, please no," and John watches with slumped shoulders as the mouse slips in under some invisible gap between the board and floor into a warm dark spacious shelter where it can live in abysmal contentment.
Jenny explains that she brought her flat four months ago, and moved in two months ago. It had been vacant a long time, and she got it at a fairly good price, for London at least. She is single, and lives with her cat Peanut.
“Well, maybe we’ll send her to Roedean in a few years’ time,” Mummy says with hesitation. She knows Eurus is exceptional, but surely not a killer. Surely not.
Sherlock stood in the doorway, craning his neck slightly to follow him up the stairs, listening to the soft click of the door closing and the floorboards squeaking as John sat heavily on his bed.
The old lady is laying in her bed with a halo of bright white hair and a soft old nightie covered with little springs of pink blossoms. She just smiles at the nurse, doesn't seem to notice John but is immediately taken with Sherlock.
(Obviously the last part of that statement was directed at Albion, who was happy to drool on either.)
“Yes, but more than that. We’ve opened up a new room. We’ve added something to the friendship.” It’s forming in his mind as he rests his face one John’s chest, a picture of the passageway that reaches between John and himself, a small private connection that is now marked indelibly with the heavy clear sound of John’s heart.
“No.” Sherlock is adamant. “If we do, we’ll either find the mother, and raise her hopes in a way that is too cruel to contemplate, or  - more likely – we’ll find a family of strangers who have no idea what we’re talking about, and then they’ll call the Daily Mail and we’ll be on the front page again, this time as ghost hunters.  Did you get the dream lady’s address?”
Molly is awkwardly wrestling her arms into a red coat. “He just won’t stay still! He’s been jumping all over the furniture, he’s messed up my bed three times, knocked over a vase and then the washing, and now he won’t get off the curtains. I don’t know what’s wrong with him.”
Then his whispers became explicit. “Open you legs for me, like that, yes, like that.” It was intoxicating; I’d never known him like this. That’s when I understood his rage, which once might have been subdued by crushing that skull with a coke bottle, was tonight channeled into dominating me and my fear. My perplexity, in turn was channeled into submitting to him. John and I were equals in all things – leading and following no longer played a part in our relationship - but we could indulge in private, and ease the anxieties that we’d both experienced.
Mycroft was punctual and carrying a sheath of papers. Anthea was one step behind him, completely absorbed in her mobile phone.
“No. I appreciate that you’re curious but I’d rather not talk about it now.” Sherlock hates withholding, hates denying John such important intelligence and scrapes around his ever sorry heart for compensation. “Maybe another time when it’s more of a memory.”
One Wednesday evening John had come home from work but didn’t fossick in the kitchen and didn’t lean over Sherlock’s shoulder to see why he had twenty eight feathers laid out in order of size on the table. Instead John rushed into the shower and washed with haste under very hot water before bounding up the stairs to don his best trousers and neatest shirt.
“There’s no need for that,” Lestrade said in a surprisingly calm, reasonable voice. “Just put the weapons down.”
Sadly, the young lady in question eloped to France with an orthopedic specialist she had known for only three weeks. Ludwig found much solace and comfort in the reason provided by in psychiatry.  He more or less cured his own heart ache, and settled on psychiatry because he seemed to get the hang of it. Surgery was precise and had no margin for error; psychiatry was a little less defined, and allowed a practitioner more room for diagnosis and second guesses.
"I'm not interested in anyone else. I won't be snogging the anesthetist in the supply cupboard or flirting with nurses.
Now, at 72, the hair's cut short and her dresses more modest but she still works prodigious hours, still travels the world to address conferences, is still the last word in grafting of arteries, the use of anti-coagulants in valve replacements, best practice in preventing rejection of transplants in the first 36 hours and still a member of the core team who are now developing the first artificial heart made from synthetic tissue that mimics human muscle.
A few nights later Sherlock answers the door to a woman who may be the owner of the most astonishing breasts in Britain. They are sitting upright on a short, beautifully rounded blonde and are barely contained in her short red dress.
“If they think he’s in immediate danger, yes. But that’s the theory. In my opinion, just looking at him now in his fancy nappy and fat as a fool, I’d say not a chance.”
He was hard at work, writing up some notes about an itchy patient with an allergic reaction, when a courier delivered an envelope to the front desk.
From a distance this kind of rot always appeared to Sherlock to be useless, the perfunctory responses of animals who knew no better. Close up, here now in the epicenter of John’s adoration and attentions, being called darling,  it’s so intense and so unlikely as to be sacred.
“I – actually, yes, there is. It’s a sort of  – but you know what? Let’s not talk about this now. And when I say that, I don’t mean that you can launch into a tirade about my failure to send you a card and keep it up until I relent. I’ll explain it later.”
The thought was interesting for a moment but after a few seconds it just made the pain worse. Pain management was needed.
So on that dreary afternoon, when Sherlock felt his little heart could not get any heavier,  Mycroft and Eurus brought the old boat down to the shore, and decked it with one of the pirate’s hat and a cutlass. Rudy helped them start a small fire in the soft, splintery wood, and Papa joined his brother and sons to drag the boat and its soft flames out into the current. Eurus sat close by her mother, cuddled under Mummy’s coat.
Mycroft ignored him and continued to address me. “I recall telling you not long after Albion’s birth that you’d have to be extremely careful about the kinds of cases you chose in the future. I didn‘t warn you not to take the baby with you to a crime scene because frankly I thought you’d have more sense.”
Some people say you can fall in love with another at first sight but that has never happened to me, so I can’t confirm it as a definite. I didn’t fall in love with John Watson immediately; it was a slow process, like fermentation.
The door bell rang. Mrs Hudson was on the case immediately. I could hear her talking to women, one about thirty, the other about 41 or 42. It was a formal visit, so perhaps they were clients.
We lay there smiling at one another while I worked out how to extract more information from him. The rage was still there – a rage in reaction to someone threatening what was his. I could still sense it, yet as I stroked his hand and pressed my thumb to his radial pulse, everything felt calm and composed.
“No. I’m going to start pestering him as soon as you’re gone. But don’t think I don’t appreciate your good intentions.” He pulls at John’s jacket to bring his face in for one last kiss.
“Oh, you know,” she said, although none of us actually did, “I can’t complain. “ She then turned her attention to Pudding Bowl Lady. “Anya, was it?” I’m Martha Hudson. Nice to meet you.”
“Fucking suits,” John says as he gathers up three pairs of beautifully tailored trousers from the floor of Sherlock’s room. “Fucking overpriced silk and cotton shirts hand finished by some fucking poncey tailor in Shoreditch. Fucking expensive suits made from the finest fucking wool from the nicest fucking sheep,” he continues. “Fucking business card, falling on my clean floor,” and as he bends to pick it up, his rage swells and pops like a blister.
John has never been so impressed by anyone. "That was extraordinary," he says when Sherlock has finished.
“I was out of my tree for three weeks,” I explained. “I was smoking heroin and ended up sharing it with a woman I met there. We had sex, I believe, three times but I can’t remember it all. That’s the whole story of my brush with he- with her.”
John and Sherlock have been hired by a credit union to try and find investors’ money that a financier insists has been lost in the share market.
John turns to approach this sensitive topic the way he might counsel a patient who has waited too long to seek treatment for a simple ailment. He’s about to offer sweet-non threatening encouragement but he’s a good doctor who learnt early to treat the patient and not the disease, so discards his pre-packaged salve takes a leap to lay it all, scrambled and straight from his heart, at Sherlock’s feet.
Every plan he made revolved around the roof of St Barts. He had thought of organising a large mattress, a bungee cord, a system by which Sherlock could jump from the roof and survive and John could be there to see him. Alive.
"And she probably thinks she cured you too, but when I met you last night you were about an hour away from killing yourself."
“Yes, unfortunately,” and here John Watson blessed me with his ridiculous little giggle. “The Prince had a brother called Michel who was a complete plonker and wanted nothing more than to rule the world.”
I scooped Albion up and headed to my front door, to see Mrs Hudson, unsmiling, bringing the two women to me.
We waited in the A&E room for three hours. I had to explain repeatedly to the idiots who worked there that Adrienne had not seen a doctor once in her pregnancy and that she needed to be assessed in order to book her in somewhere to have a baby.
“It’s just so strange,” Jenny continues. “I feel like now I know her. The flat just feels so different now.”
Colin was not interested in small talk. "You should know, if this all works out and we find we can relate honestly and share space, that I'm a warlock. Would that bother you?"
“You know Sherlock, I think you have the longest feet of any person I have ever known. And I’ve seen a lot of feet.”
She pronounces it differently, Ma-rye-ah – not Maria, as Sherlock and John had been saying.  “What do you want to know?”
Sherlock looks up from his pretty toes and extends his hand to John. “Have we met? I’m Sherlock. You might remember visiting me in hospital after I was shot in the upper abdomen.”
Eleven Jumpers Watson wrote to her from Reunion, a volcanic island that belongs to France but is situated in the Indian Ocean on the east coast of Africa. The post card showed a picture of the great gull that, according to the little blurb on the back, is the symbol of the island.
Sherlock is succinct. “I want the largest plate of hot chips you can prepare, and a bowl of tomato sauce on the side. The rest of you should order whatever you want. They have hot things on buns and drinks and the sorts of processed foodstuffs peculiar to sporting events. It all goes on Mycroft’s bill, and he has more money than he needs, so eat up.”
From this point the days started to become more varied, and Albion’s growth started to become quite significant. He stopped being a new born, and became a young baby, about to join that snappy 3 – 6 month old age group who I saw described so frequently on websites and baby products.
Sherlock solved it in four hours and deliberately stamped around the flat when he got home so that John would still be tired tomorrow.
“You can tell her what ever fantasy you want,” Sherlock leans in and whispers. “I am going to give her all the gory details.”
John is just home from work and has the day’s mail. Sherlock is sitting at his microscope, watching small shreds of nylon curl and disintegrate under minute drops of acetate.
Mrs Hudson is delivering a few groceries she has kindly picked up for her entirely irresponsible tenant. "I'll leave these on the table for you, Sherlock. Don't forget to put the milk and butter in the fridge."
In the interim, I got her some absorbent things not unlike the nappies I saw last night and some more bread, in case she wanted toast again. I had to guess the right kind of absorbent things – all the websites I read gave me conflicting advice. I figured I could always use them for experiments if I got the wrong type.
John, who has a private penchant for misbehaving cats, grins and stretches a little so he can get a better look at the lightly swaying Toby.
"Well, lots of things. You've got tertiary qualifications, you're bright, you've been a soldier and have lots of life experience. You could work in - I don't know, medical administration maybe, maybe health policy."
He liked order, he liked neatness, he liked neutral colours. He liked to think that he would share something with a partner, that they would meet on gradient where their tastes and interests intersected. Shona was in someone else's graph.
John, pouring a cup of tea before he leaves for work, gives him a shy smile. “Well, no one’s ever written poems for me before. I want to keep them safe.”
I swallowed a half-masticated wad of potato fibre quickly. “I am very happy. There isn’t room for anyone in my life except you, and you can be certain that no idiot on this earth would be permitted anywhere near my son except you. But that came out wrong because obviously you’re not an idiot. You’re my best  - my best” –
"I don't want them to pay me. It smacks of corruption and gives lie to the possibility that evidence can be uncovered for money. Any defence barrister with the brains God gave a goat would then be able to provide reasonable doubt on any case I was involved in."
“Oh. Here are your grandparents. They’re going to want to poke you and tell you lies about me. We’re just going to have to put up with it.”
“He’s very beautiful.” Mycroft was smiling sincerely, which I’d not seen him do since August, 1983. “He looks a lot like you.”
“What does it matter?” I was holding Albion, who had just started teaching himself to pull my hair. He was already very good at it. “He won’t need a birth certificate for at least four years, and that’s only if I decide to enrol him in school.”
They leave the irresponsible Toby swinging on the curtains and in the car John suggests that Molly should invest in a sort of cat entertainment centre.
Its the same every night. She runs through an old dilapidated building, all the while searching for a child who is singing somewhere. She can hear them, but she never finds them.
“Can I go now?” Adrienne asked. I would say she was even more bored now than she was in hearing, but that wasn’t possible.
And then I heard the voice, John’s real voice, laced with fury and so, so reassuring on the cold black air of that warehouse as he stood behind this hideous man.
He didn’t, mostly because he was hopelessly in love with (who he thought was) his little girl. Now that she has been swept away by a battery of social workers and seven family members (including her biological father) with bonafide legal and genetic claims on her, John Watson’s heart has been reduced to ash.
He picks the thickest and sits back down. It concerns the disappearance of Mariah Best, a four year old who seemingly vanished in Enfield on Easter Thursday in 1975. He flicks through the first few pages and reads notes of telephone calls to Corinne Best, the child’s mother, as recently as 2001.
“Ah. Chemist in the Highgate Village. Masked assailant stormed in with a sawn off shot gun and made all kinds of threats.”
We rested our foreheads together and smiled against each other’s face with our eyes closed. I felt like I had been forgiven every sin and was now free to start my life properly.
Albion slept in the lounge room, and I slept when he did, right next to him, on the couch. He wasn’t much interested in sleeping regularly or for any length of time, just like me.
He misunderstood. I didn’t mean the wound, because obviously that hurt. I meant John. John – that is, his complete absence, hurt. There was no time to argue though because I needed to throw up.
“Well, he’s a lucky boy! You’re going to be a wonderful father, Sherlock. And just wait until Dr Watson comes back. That little boy will have the best care in the world. Now hold tight and I’ll put the kettle on.” She went over to the stove and chattered while she lit the hob. “What’s his name?”
Albion was completely dismissive of the whole thing, sucking down synthetic milk like there was no tomorrow.  I caught that little smirk of satisfaction on his tiny dial and my heart did that thing again.
“Yes, but the Prince has a lot of money, because he was paid very well when he went away to hunt the evil Prince. Also, one of his batty aunts left him and his hideous brother some money about fifteen years ago. The older brother can access it for him.”
“Because I want to. I might like it. Why do you want to date to date a woman with obviously enhanced breasts?”
Sherlock is already going over the body with a small magnifying glass and vehement concentration. He touches the fabric, studies the finger nail beds, studies the nostrils and lifts the soft lips to expose her teeth. John watches closely as he pushes up the sleeve of her fleece to expose her left arm, and of course there's a number tattooed there. Then he goes over the surface of her jeans, right down to her shoes and socks. No space goes unchecked.
John nods and answers best he can, his smile stretched and false, everything inside of him cold and dead.
The father is angry at his son, angry at Sherlock and angry at what he knows is the right moral position. He wisely chooses not to take it out on Sherlock and turns to John instead.
“Aghh!” John grimaced but only for a second, and then broke out laughing, his most genuine, delighted laugh.  “You win!” he said to her, really pleased, and the love slopped out and rushed right through me.
