The boy's face was red in embarrassment, his hands fidgeting in his jeans as he revealed the details to his pseudo siblings. Steve smiled and squeezed Dean's shoulder before turning back to Natasha.
thing I'm good at is taking care of you, and now that we're here, I'm fucking useless. Or, oh, I know! Do you wanna know that while you're feeling guilty about liking the nicest people we've ever met a little more than the man that basically abandoned us,
"Nat, you can't keep hurting people. I know you're scared and it's worked in the past, but these people, they aren't going to hurt you," the man pleaded with her.
"No," Steve sniffed and wiped his face, smiling at the camera. "He's alive. I just saw him, I—" The man couldn't continue because he was sobbing too hard to let the words out.
The blonde shook his head, then almost rolled his eyes at the fact that his husband couldn’t actually see him. “No need, Tones, I’m fine.”
"I'll be damned if I let you feel the same." Tony took his hand back from Dean's chin and joined it with the other around Dean's hand. "I'm not saying don't have sex. I'm saying have sex with someone you care about, and someone who cares about you. Trust me, I've done the research and it makes a world of difference."
The man looked at him funny but breathed a sigh of relief. “Well, Steve wants to talk as soon as the kids leave. Thor offered to drive today, and Steve and I both took the day off to monitor you. Where would you like to talk, Dean?” Tony asked. “Here? Steve’s office? While you’re eating breakfast?”
As he waited for Tony's voice, Steve smiled and squeezed his sleeping friend's hand a little tighter. "I can't wait for you to meet everyone, Buck. They're wild, but you're gonna love them."
Dean stared at the table while the men processed the information. Their hearts hurt for the boy in front of them, and rage boiled in their stomachs for the men who dared touch their son. Pushing everything aside, Steve continued the conversation.
Dean nodded and opened the car door. He started to climb out but stopped when he got caught in the seatbelt. The teen stared at the strap in confusion, like he couldn't quite remember what it was.
"We'll think of another gift, Dean, no problem. With Tony's money, you could literally ask for anything less than an island and it wouldn't even put a dent in your college fund." Steve chuckled. "I actually wanted to talk to you about your party."
"No sports? Or theater? Any hobbies?" Tony pushed, hoping the kid had at least one interest that wasn't his brother.
Dean hunched himself over the stove as he flipped another pancake. He was happy for Sam, he really was. If there was anyone in the whole world that deserved a loving family it was his little brother, but he couldn't help feeling like one of them was making a mistake. His thoughts were sidelined when Clint decided to tackle the teen in a hug, making Dean lift the hot pan out of the way quickly to avoid burning the boy.
The act itself was animalistic, grunts and bites, Steve bent down to take Tony's nipple in his mouth and had to stifle a scream from the man with his palm. The first brush of Steve's dick to Tony's prostate had Tony's eyes rolling back into his head with pleasure. Steve focused on that spot and watched his husband fall apart beneath him, and with one hand jerking the man's cock and Steve's teeth on his collarbone, Tony squealed into his arm at his release.
The family sat in silence as the sound of crackling wood filled the room. Looking around at the content, yet distant faces of his foster family, Dean knew that they too were thinking of celebrations gone by either with, or without their family, and realized that this was truly the first Christmas he and Sam had without their Dad.
Not one to disobey a direct order, that's exactly what Dean did. He had no idea what he was expecting, but seeing Steve stretching in an army shirt and loose shorts was not it.
Tony woke up abruptly, narrowly avoiding Steve's chin when he threw his head up and off the other man's chest. "Yeah?" he called out, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. Both men watched as their bedroom door creaked open and a nervous Dean stuck his head in, with a hand covering his eyes.
Steve reached out to ruffle Tony’s hair in jest. “Nice try, mister, but Pepper would have both our heads if I let you miss those meetings. I’ll do my afternoon classes by video conference. I’m sure my students would love the excuse to stay in their pajamas.”
Steve sobbed even harder, gripping Tony's shirt so hard one of the seams began to rip from the strain.
"That's it, love, let it out, I'm right here," the genius muttered, pulling the man in for a proper hug. "What do you need from me, sweetheart? Anything at all. You just wanna stay here and not move till morning? We can do that. You want me to hold you in bed so you can cry yourself to sleep? We can do that too. Just say the word, darling."
Steve threw his head back and laughed, then leaned over to whisper in his husband's ear. "If you manage to get some sleep before I come back, I might just wake you up in your favourite way."
“Climb in the passenger side,” Tony responded. Sam raced around the car and as soon as the boy was buckled, away they went, breaking several traffic laws along the way.
“He’s not gonna do drugs with Sam there. And he’s eating, which means he can’t distract Sam long enough to get out his stash...If he even has one,” Steve whispered back.
Natasha stopped walking and glared at her brother, preparing to pick him up and start running from the police officer. She was going to take her in. Lock her up. She couldn't be locked up anymore.
He didn’t know what he expected, but a quiet house, a clean kitchen and a plate full of spaghetti with a note saying “Tony” was not it.
Dean thought that the phrase 'if looks could kill' was created for the glare the other teen was currently sending him.
Once Steve was up to four fingers, Tony was fucking himself on the digits and moaning wantonly. "Please, Steve, please," he begged.
Tony stood up then, moving towards the two. "However, we still do need to talk. And we will never, ever hurt you, but we still need to punish you for what happened today. It wasn't cool and you owe Dr. Miranda an apology."
Confirmation received, Steve folded himself around the teen, holding tightly and feeling Dean melt into the embrace.
One finger made its way to three, Steve gasping and moaning the entire time, with Tony growling out encouragement. By the time Tony was fully seated in his husband, Steve was a complete wreck, clutching and clawing at the brunette's back, drawing his impossibly closer and letting more than a few tears escape, which Tony lapped up in time with his thrusting.
Dean started to panic. Bobby's number never changed. Ever. He always said that he was the one constant in the hunting world, that anyone who needed help could get it if they phoned his number.
"I did. I know I did something bad, so I'm asking what my punishment is, I don't understand why this process is taking so long."
“I should not have reacted the way I did when I picked you up from school. If I made you feel like I didn’t love and appreciate you in every way, then I was wrong.”
"Why? Wanna see what you're competing with? Don't worry baby cakes, you're plenty hot enough to go down on me." Was the reply. She recommended seeing a different therapist.
"Papa, you're gonna call when you're gone, right?" Clint asked during dinner the night before the man left.
“He’s boiling hot.” Sam looked at Steve, then back at Dean, thinking a mile a minute. His brother needed help, and, as much as Sam trusted the well-meaning man, he knew Dean would want the soldier gone.
"I can't tell you that, Dean. The only person that can answer that is in the ground. Do you have a theory?"
“My darling boy,” Tony whispered. He raced across the room and enveloped the boy in as tight a hug as he dared. “We were so worried about you.”
Tony surged forward and wrapped his arms around the love of his life, squeezing tightly and simply offering his silent support.
"We know your father hasn't been back in almost three weeks. That's not a business trip. And your brother already told us that you're thirteen. That's not old enough to take care of yourself yet, let alone a nine-year-old." The man reached out and put a hand on Dean's shoulder. "I really do just want to help."
“Keep it down, do you want to wake Mr. Stark? I think this is the only time he’s touched his bed this week. If Steve comes back tomorrow and sees his husband dead on his feet because of you...”
"To answer your question Sam, no. I don't drink. A lot of veterans drink to forget, I knew a lot of them. But I never want to forget Bucky." Steve finally responded.
“Speaking of!” Tony continued, not bothering to pause. “Water!” He produced a glass from the bedside table and presented it to Dean. The thought of putting anything in his stomach was absolutely repulsive. Dean closed his eyes, pushed the glass away, and turned over, intent on never eating again.
Steve barked in a loud laugh and kissed the man with as much love as he could, then left the room, leaving Tony blinking in awe after him.
"Hey! They're both masters of hiding things, put the two together and they're basically the pentagon!" Tony says defensively. "But I mean, I haven't heard any shouting or seen any bruises in the past couple days so….either there's hope or there's no hope. There is no third option."
Tony was close to relapsing because of him–there was no way he would want Dean now. Forcing down his tears, the teen propped himself up until he could reach his backpack, which had been unceremoniously dumped beside his bed. After finding the paper with Bobby's number, he lay back down and tried to make the numbers stay still long enough to dial.
to the man holding his son and letting him fall apart in his arms. With a stiff nod, Phil acknowledged the soldier and continued his soft reassurance to the teen, watching as Steve observed for a moment longer, then left, giving the two the privacy they needed.
Not missing a beat, Tony chimed in. “Then you’ll have to make some new traditions!” the man flung his arms wide in a dramatic fashion to liven up the dreary turn the conversation turned. “Shop around! See what you like, do some research, invent a holiday!”
It wasn't until she was laughing at Clint pining Thor in a 'mock battle for the tv remote' that Natasha realized, she didn't see red.
Dean furled his eyebrows in confusion, looking between the two men to try and understand what they were talking about. Steve and Tony waited patiently while the boy worked it out, smiling even wider when Dean's eyes widened comically.
"We really wish we could help you unload all of this, but something came up while we were out and we need to take care of it," Steve lied. Tony barely restrained himself from laughing at the Captain and his awful poker face, it was a good thing the boys weren't paying attention as they called out their "okays" and went to retrieve more boxes.
Steve and Tony had both shown up at the principal's office to take him home, Dean didn't think he'd ever felt as ashamed in his entire life as he did when he saw their faces.
“Sam, can you stay with Dean for a minute, please? I need to talk to Tony really quick.” Steve ruffled the boy’s hair as he stood up from his chair.
"Ugh. That's what started this in the first place!" Dean threw his head back against the couch in exasperation.
Tony scoffed. "Like ten cents. I made them a couple days ago when we first found out you were coming."
"Okay, we went through Nats ballet rehearsal, so that leaves you Dean! How was your day?" Steve inquired.
As always thank you so much to fiftyshadesofstony and JehBeeEh for beta and all the nice words, guys I could not have come this far without youuuuu!!!!!!
“So what exactly is stuck?” Dr. Stark asks, without looking up as if he’s casually bringing up the most trivial thing to talk about, and Steve wonders if he can try and follow his lead and be as casual about it.
“Careful.” Tony blinks at Steve, and his face twitches into the smallest smile Steve’s ever seen but it sets something right, like a cool breeze over Steve’s flushed cheeks, warmth radiating at his frozen skin.
“If I ever tell you I love you, Rogers,” Tony says and runs his hands through his hair to tidy it, “you should wonder if I’ve been replaced by the aliens.” And that’s all the warning Steve gets before Tony opens the door, slips out, and startles Steve with the loud noise of the door closing behind him.
Tony kisses Steve’s neck, before his hands slide back up to cup Steve’s face and he pulls back to look into Steve’s eyes. “It is an honor to dance with you, and I’m thrilled that you’re considering coming home with me.” Tony gently tugs Steve’s face closer. “It is an honor to know what’s making you hurt, to hear about your nightmares, to be the person you let in.” He brushes his lips against Steve’s, just barely but the electric touch burns Steve’s lips anyway. “I don’t want you to beat yourself up for last night. I want you to be proud.” He traces his lips from Steve’s nose up to his forehead and his fingers dig into the muscles of Steve’s back. “You think you can do that for me?”
Tony is gonna survive this. Worse things have happened to him and loving someone who doesn't love you back is not that horrible, is it?
Steve laughs and reaches over the table, to hold Tony’s hand. “I believe you, Tony. I just had no idea, the food price is so low in Houston. Last time I ate at Gallaghers’, I’m pretty sure the steak alone was a little more than that.”
I finally know how this is going to end and I am so so so excited for the rest of the journey, now that we are officially 2/3rd through!
the way Tony’s eyes get wider with surprise as Steve talks about the ‘secret society of coal miners’ and speaks a few sentences in Italian.
“You keep track of my hours?” Tony stands up, and makes an annoyed face, but his tone is mostly playful.
“I don’t want to stay away from you.” Steve slides his fingers over the desk toward where Tony’s fingers are holding onto the edge. “I want to stay very, very close to you.” His fingers wrap around Tony’s and the beast growls low in his chest, Steve shivering all over as Tony brings his other hand forward and covers their intertwined fingers.
What is it that he can help with? A lot, or very little, depending on who asks and the angle they’ll look from but Tony’s still a little too hazy to figure that out. It’s all a lot, too much, and he’s too fucking overwhelmed to grasp anything at the moment.
and the words make Captain America blush under his mask as the touch sets his chest on fire. He pants and whimpers as Iron Man rubs his hips against Captain America’s
Steve curls his feet around Tony’s legs and wraps his arm around Tony’s waist. “I am not picky with food really,” he says with a smile, and pulls Tony closer, pressing Tony to his chest.
“I’m healthy and I’ve not been experiencing any symptoms. I need to reassure shareholders and the public that everything is under control-- well, as much as possible in the current situation, but I need to reassure you that my self-isolation has no effect on SI, in any capacity.”
Dean read the messages again, not sure he had read the words properly the first time, before sending a message of his own.
Steve forcefully closed the book and stashed everything in his bag before running a hand down his face anxiously. With another deep sigh, he pulled out his phone.
"Then I think it would be a good idea to talk to him before he brings anything up," Jody continued. "Maybe tonight, before you go to bed, just pull him aside and say that you need to establish some boundaries and when you tell him to stop asking about something that you really do need him to back off. Tell him that the reason isn't that you don't trust him, or because of anything he's done, but just because you, personally aren't ready to talk about it. Maybe if he knows it's a possibility, he won't be as persistent."
"How about this: we call him and ask him questions, then if we feel it's safe enough for him to be near the kids, we invite him on a trial basis to Dean's party," Steve offered.
"If this is how we meet, I have a feeling the two of us are going to get along splendidly," Tony smirked.
This scene is set when Dean is in eleventh grade, two years after their adoption. Something has been bothering Dean for quite a while, hopefully, Tony will be able to help.
The boy was lost in thought as he descended the stairs and returned the bowl to the kitchen, where he saw Thor and Clint washing the dishes.
Dreaming made it worse. Steve and Tony locked even the butter knives in a safe after a particularly bad dream found her once again in the bathroom bleeding, just staring at the blood and letting the colour cloud everything in her mind.
"Thor." Steve made his way to his son and enveloped him in a bone-crushing hug, which Thor gladly returned full force.
Dean was pacing in his room, trying to calm the fuck down. He wasn't trying to get beat, he just needed some stimulation and Steve was just so funny! Goddamnit! He always fucks everything up! Steve was gonna beat Dean, then Sam would say something to Mr Wilson again and then they'd have to leave again! All because he couldn't keep his fucking mouth shut.
"My first one was with Dad and Papa too! They let me invite all my friends over and Dad surprised me with a bouncy castle and there was a photo booth and-"
Tony sighed as he ran a hand over his face. "Yeah. Sure. Go get any weapons you have and leave it on our bed. Then go to bed kid."
“Well…” he breathes in, “there was an accident.” He breathes out, trying to look down, still unable to break eye contact. “The base…” Steve tries to breathe in again, but there is no more air left in the room. “Broke. Came… off. I was holding it for a second, and then I only had the base, and the rest was… gone.”
Hazy and lightheaded, Tony does his best to cooperate as Nat pulls a shirt over his head and a pair of pants up his thighs. “Blue does look good on you,” she says, fastens the shirt’s lapel button and takes a step back. “It shouldn’t be a surprise, right? People pay millions to buy Steve’s taste in color combination on the canvas, so of course if he says soft blue shirt and navy jeans, that
And it was fine, Tony repeated to himself, as Bucky winked at Steve and placed his arm on the small of Steve’s back, more than okay, that Steve was happy and was done waking up from his Bucky nightmares, shaking and in tears.
“That is awesome. That’s… wow… perfect. I’d be honored to be part of that.” Steve’s smile deepens, crinkling the corner of his eyes and Tony makes a mental note, ‘looks even more perfect when he’s pleased with something’.
“For God’s sake Steve, I just donated one mil-- a lot of money, let’s say, to promote ‘The Emergency System for the Advance Registration of Volunteer Health Professionals’ which is all sorts of stupid, don’t even get me started because the federal government should have started promoting it days ago, but let’s just not go there. And I know it’s not enough, all my money is not enough to do something right for millions of disadvantaged people, but how on earth am I supposed to impress you with fifty bucks?”
Steve’s a little grumpy in the morning and everyone, including Steve himself, knows it. That’s why Clint stays away from him before the coffee run if he can’t beat Nat to do it. Bruce never shows up in the team room before noon, busying himself in the lab, and everyone tries to schedule all possible interrogations before 10 AM.
Steve shifts on his feet and rubs the back of his neck. Tony wonders how slowly he should walk toward Steve, not to be threatening or making him uncomfortable.
Tony ran past Jarvis standing at the sidewalk and ignored Barnes who was opening the carriage door for Steve to get in. Every nerve in Tony’s body came to life as he wrapped his arms around Steve, pressed their bodies together, and kissed his lips, dizzy with the whirl of sensations, sparkles running all over his skin from the touch. He was too fierce, too rough, too desperate, and a part of him tried to pull back and let Steve go because
“Among the people in this room-” Tony looks around the room at Nat, Clint, and then back at Steve, “-who’s wearing a spangly outfit and is of no use?”
and there is no doubt in Tony’s mind that Captain Rogers will have no problems understanding how Ty has had no choice but to break Tony’s fingers.
Small and pale with all of his upper body wrapped in dreadfully stained bandages, but it’s him, it’s absolutely him, alive and breathing, and, God, looking at Steve.
my engineering degree.” He looks up at Steve, and Steve’s heart misses a beat like always. “I’ve done tons of away missions and I have a medal of honor for Planet-X. What could possibly make you think I’m not capable of joining you on this mission?”
“But you have done this before, right? I am not your --” and Steve’s not sure what he does with his face but Tony’s suddenly kissing him all gentle and fierce again.
“Hey there. Feeling better?” Tony whispers against Steve’s skin and the hair stands on the back of Steve’s neck. He nods as his throat is parched and his heart’s racing - not from the terror of his horrible nightmares this time.
Steve doesn’t seem offended but he doesn’t seem that impressed either. He clenches his jaw a little and folds his arms over his chest and the urge to kiss that strong jawline coils low in Tony’s belly.
“Did you do this? Or did you ask JARVIS?” he says instead and watches the way the corner of Tony’s lips twitches.
Steve kisses the tip of Tony’s cock. He then licks the length on one side, and slides down Tony’s balls, making Tony float in a sudden nothingness, before he goes around the balls and back up, licking the other side of Tony’s length till he gets back to the tip.
And what if he forgets to eat when Steve is not around anymore? What if he gives and gives and gives until he collapses with no one to catch him? What if he is sad or cold and the stupid person sleeping next to him has no idea? Not that Steve has a single idea, but he is eager to try. To stick around somehow, to feed, to keep warm, to touch, and kiss and kiss some more until he can’t breathe.
Dean sputtered. “You don’t play around here lady. But fine. Twelve. Sweet sixteen year old named Martha.” Dean seemed to settle in again as he recalled the intimate details of the encounter. “She was smoking! Legs for days and a pussy so tight it took more than one try to get it in.” Dean winked again.
"Hey! I'll have you know he was very happy to be bribed!" Tony teased his husband. Before pushing him away and gathering the empty plates.
For someone who claimed to work with children, his office was a dud. Dean nonchalantly examined the office of beige walls, stacks of paper three feet high and a computer that looked like it hadn't been upgraded since 1992.
“He told me that they found Bucky. He’s alive. They’ve asked me to lead the mission to get him out.”
He looked away from the woman, choosing instead to study his hands. They've become too soft. It's been too long since he's held a gun. Steve and Tony only took him to the range once before Steve left and Tony was too in over his head to take him again.
The voices started to muffle as Loki heard the teens crowd into the shower room. He finally raised his head to glare at their backs as they left. He took a look around the room to see the boy's clothes strewn about in the way only teenage boys can do and smiled.
The teen gave a small smile and nodded. “Yeah, yeah, that makes sense,” he agreed, before placing his hand on top of Steve’s and squeezing tightly. He closed his eyes and took a cleansing breath, then, with every ounce of sincerity the boy possessed, held Steve’s hand and gaze and told the man: “
Without warning, Tony sucked the entire finger into his mouth, sucking forcefully and causing Steve to all but buck into the air at the feeling.
This new chapter has NOT been edited by my beta, but I didn't want to wait a second longer to post the new chapter! Any and all mistakes are my own!
"Nah, we got my dad," Dean replied smoothly. "In fact he's probably wondering where we are, so if you don't mind wrapping this up, we got a motel room to get back to." The thirteen-year-old stood up, grabbing his backpack from the floor.
“I know,” Tony cut the man off. “The last time you were in active duty. The haunting in your eyes is back, just a little bit, but it’s there. Steve,” he stopped and hurriedly tried to blink back more tears from falling. “I don’t want you to start having those nightmares again... the screaming...it broke my heart when we were dating, but now…”
"Do you have a preference as to who stays with you, Nat?" Tony asked. Do you want Steve to stay, or me?"
“Fair enough. He gave me the number for an old friend,” Dean answered, thinking was highly unlikely that the man wouldn’t find out eventually.
Picking up a box of his own, Dean smiled and started to fill in the picture of who John Winchester was.
"I'm guessing it's whatever's on that necklace. We need to cover it in salt and burn it. Once we do, and if we're right about the object, he'll go away forever and stop hurting you!" The blond was practically jumping out of his seat in excitement.
Loki thought for a moment, then nodded. He gave the ring one final squeeze with his hands, then held the ring up to Dean.
"You...made..?" Dean was piecing the puzzle together. "Starktech. You create all the technology for Starktech. That's why you're so rich."
"Bucky! Tony, I gotta go, Bucky just woke up. I love you too, I'll be home after visiting hours tonight."
Steve's eyes shot up, finding the man immediately. The lieutenant didn't realize his superior had heard him and sat straight up when he noticed the man's eyes on him. "Sir?"
There was a long silence, then a sigh. "Dean. You sound rough, boy. What'd you get into this time?" The grizzly voice of the one and only Bobby Singer was music to the teen's ears.
Sam was gripping his mug tightly and staring into the fire, far from the happy boy from the hours earlier. Dean reached out and nudged the boy, offering a small smile, frowning when Sam did nothing but close his eyes and shake his head.
“Can I see Steve and Tony now?” The teen whispered, clearly dismissing the man that did so much for him, that
"How do you want this, love," Tony whispered softly. "I can slowly tease you over the edge, I can worship you until you can do nothing but give into the pleasure, I can treat you like my perfect little babydoll that I simply adore….what do you want my darling?"
Dean was floating. He couldn't feel his head anymore, and that was weird. He understood Tony perfectly, though.
I've decided all of you are going to be my beta. So let me know if you see any spelling/grammatical errors please :)
"Papa," the adult sighed, putting the steaming dish on the table. The men came together in a strong hug before separating and nodding silently to one another.
"No Dean, that may have been how it was before, but it's not going to be that way here." Dean tried to interrupt but Steve put up a hand, silencing him. "I know you don't trust us. And that's okay, we have to earn that, we know. But trust what you see. Can you do that?"
"Hey, come on big guy," he pulled away slightly and began undoing Steve's tie. "I can't make love to you all covered up, I wanna see the most gorgeous man alive."
Tony frowned and placed his mug on the table. Dean followed the man’s hand with his eyes, preparing for Tony to finally snap. Tony noticed.
"I don’t think we could fit more festivity in this room if we tried!” Tony announced as he carried a tray of hot chocolate from the kitchen.
"Because getting those boys to tell us anything relevant is like pulling teeth," the engineer spat back, trying to ignore the thought that this man was drinking on the other line while talking about the boys.
“Firstly, it is anything but ‘boring’,” Steve began, wiping tears of laughter from his eyes. “Secondly, I don’t really think you wanna hear about our gay sex.”
Steve and Tony didn’t do anything! This isn’t like the other times, I swear!” Dean denied adamantly.
“You’re done tonight, Steve,” Tony finally spoke. Steve frowned and opened his mouth to argue, but the engineer spoke first. “I really need you home tonight. Please, Steve.”
"Sam, Dean, this is Phil Coulson. He was my superior at CPS. It's because of him that we were able to get you a spot here!"
"Their case worker was my protogée, a Mr. Sam Wilson. He consults me from time to time and when I heard about these boys I knew they needed you." The response was smoothly delivered. "Anything else I can answer for you?"
"Dean," Bobby said. The man swallowed, followed by a dull thud. Dean knew that sound. It was the sound of a whiskey glass hitting a wooden table. "Are you in any danger?" Bobby asked.
"Oof. Well if I wasn't, you collapsing on top of me isn't gonna help, ya dork." Dean teased as he hugged his brother back. "I'm just fine Sammy. You know I'm invincible!"
Steve chuckled before responding. “Mass is at five-thirty, so we should be ready to leave an hour before then. While we’re gone, Thor and Tony are going to stay here and light the Yule Log, usually Tony prepares us some snacks for when we return and we all sit around the fire.”
He leaned forward slightly, and the simple action exuded pure authority. The soldier’s commanding aura washed over Dean, and he flashed back to sweltering afternoons, his dad’s gruff voice yelling for repetitions and his body shaking so badly he was on the brink of collapse.
Dean shook his head and made to bring his empty plate to the sink, only to have Steve take it from his hands.
The group ran over and devoured the drinks, moaning at the rich chocolatey taste. The air between the brothers was strained for the ride to the church, but as soon as Sam saw the lights gleaming off the building, his Christmas cheer returned full force and their fight was long forgotten.
Rufus sighed. "Sorry, kid. Not in a while. Although I haven't asked Bobby, he might know more than I do. You got a pen?"
"Because–because–Look. I'm trying to find my dad, and Bobby is the only one who would even know where to start looking." Dean sagged down the tree he was leaning against. His injuries really fucking hurt.
"We don't know. He didn't say a single thing on the matter, just completely shut down whenever anyone brings it up."
Dean dropped his head into Sam’s hair to hide his smile. Sam wouldn’t understand what Tony was referring to, so Dean knew the words were meant for him alone. Steve started to say something more before the seat belt light chimed on above them, alerting them to their decent in Kansas.
Clint nodded, then wrapped Dean in a tight hug. Both Steve and Sam could see Dean tense, then melt into the hug, pulling Clint close before letting go.
Tony raised an eyebrow at Dean’s appearance. “He is. What are you doing out of bed?” Tony’s voice was flat.
"Hey. Hey Clint. I want you to look at me. Can you do that?" Dean was speaking low and grazed his fingertips at Clint's wrists. "Clint please I want to say something to you and I need you to look at me when I say it."
Steve smiled sadly and leaned in to hug the other man. "I've missed you so much, Buck. Seeing you with my kids? That's something I've dreamt about every other night. You're going to be the best uncle those kids could ever ask for."
"Did you give him the codeine?"Tony asked, finally getting to ask the question he'd been waiting for.
"Holy shit. Steve, we need to get Dr. Mills a fucking fruit basket," Tony commented, noting how open the teen had been in knowing how he was feeling and conveying that effectively to his foster parents. Whether or not Dean knew it, the therapy sessions were working wonderfully for the boy.
Steve's hand was replaced by Tony's. His eyes were calculating, scanning the teen as if trying to figure out his next move.
Nodding slightly, Steve's heart stopped for a second, knowing he shouldn't have expected Loki to see him in that role just yet. "May I give you a hug before I leave?"
“Let’s pack the rest of this stuff up, eh? You can look through everything at home with less dust and more couches. We’ll start filling up the Impala then put the rest in the Cadillac,” Tony said, already lifting one of the boxes.
I’ve had to put up with to make sure he didn’t go hungry! He has no idea how many times I’ve bitten my cheek bloody to keep from screaming because I didn’t want to wake him up! What I’ve
“We come bearing soup and steak!” Tony announced as he opened the door. “One guess as to whose dinner is whose.”
“I have no idea what he is, man. All I know is that it’s a good thing he’s on our side,” Dean chuckled.
“I’m sorry, Sam, but I don’t have any information on him yet. As soon as I do, I’ll let you know.” The woman gave a sad smile as she tried to comfort the distraught boy.
The other man released the finger with a pop. "I like you begging, mi amour," Tony smirked. "Do it again for me."
Steve gasped suddenly in realization.“Oh, God! Tony, we could lose Loki! They’re not gonna give a severely traumatized child to suspected child abusers! We promised him a family!” Steve started sobbing even harder, too distressed to listen to his husband’s words.
"Yeah. Tony, they are our sons. I know they want to go back with their dad but with what they've told us about him-" Steve paused and shook his head. "I don't want them leaving. We can keep them safe. We can give them a future! We will love them far more than that absent drunk ever could!"
Another huge thank you to my beta Apollos_Meatballs for all their help! (You can basically thank them for the entire last scene in this chapter ;) )
"Sam, Dean, it's okay, let the others clear the table tonight, we need to talk to the two of you really quick." Tony beckoned the two to the far end of the table.
“We don’t know anything yet Bruce, as soon as we do— no Clint, this isn’t an excuse to get out of doing your homework, I know you have an English project due and— don’t do that to yourself, Nat, I almost guarantee it wasn’t you that caused it, the fever didn’t start until the next day and— oh my god thank you Thor. You’re being a huge help right now and your papa and I really appreciate it.”
"We're going to hold off on punishing you though." Tony surprised Dean. "Until we know what happened, we're not going to punish you. Your homework will be to think about why you think making people uncomfortable is funny, and why you think you couldn't stop when it stopped being funny. In a couple weeks we'll regroup and talk it all over. Sound good?" Tony was asking both Dean and Steve, making sure everyone was on the same page.
Tony stops fidgeting. He stops moving at all, at least for a second. Something changes in the air, a hint of vanilla coming across on top of the hibiscus scent, and finally, he smiles. “You don’t have to stay. Or help. You just—”
“This might be the earliest I’ve been to Macy’s”, Nat says cheerfully from behind and Captain Rogers turns over his other shoulder to look at her. “And the quickest according to Clint, because he was still waiting in the coffee line when I got out,” she huffs, and the large shopping bags she’s carrying rustle a bit.
He steps into their bedroom, closes the door and leans his back against it. He wants to lock this door, hide in the bathroom and lock that door too, but he doesn’t exactly have the keys to any of these fucking doors and even if he did it’s not like locks can hold Ty out of any rooms he wishes to be inside of. Part of him wishes for Ty to find it rude to leave their guest on his own. The other part though … knows the drill.
The alpha turns to him and puffs out his chest as he slips his hand lower and wraps it around Tony’s waist. “Can’t see how that’s any of your business?”
Tony runs his fingers in Steve’s hair. “Biff ha?” And he trails down Steve’s neck and rests his hand on the delicate spot where the muscles on Steve’s back reach each other. “First of all, I have the biggest crush in human history on a guy who’s been dead for 75 years, so I can’t judge anyone. And besides, you were blushing.”
“With Tony’s parents gone, the state of New York will automatically become his legal guardian after the court’s order, and the first matter it will have to resolve is the omega’s living arrangements. Friends and relatives are not even considered when it comes to providing temporary residence.” Mr. Murdock pauses to run his fingers over his Braille reader terminal which seems to be more advanced than what Tony had once designed as part of SI’s initial proposal for developing disability aids for the California Department of Education. The days where Tony would sit at his desk in the corner of R&D department, and had a StarkBook that he thought no one had the password to. It’s a shame they never put the proposal forward, as Obie had convinced Ty that there was no point wasting so many resources on
Steve then dropped by the kitchen to help Ms. Brown wash the remaining dishes, but did not dare to tell her that he would be leaving any day now. He didn’t need to listen to another ‘just talk to him, dear’ speech from her, as well-meaning as they all were. 'It’s not something a talk can fix, Ms. Brown', he replied in his head as he wiped his hands with a towel and hung it on the back of a chair to dry.
“I’m gonna strap your feet to the stirrups now. Just as a reminder that you will need to keep your legs apart for me, because we know you’re too strong for them. I don’t want you to get hurt, and I’d prefer if I didn’t choke to death by these.” He laughs and taps on Steve’s left thigh playfully, exactly once, before fastening one of the straps. It’s probably the ring of his laughter, the click of the buckle of the other strap, and the skin-to-skin contact that makes a splash of liquid fire run from Steve’s thigh to his cock and spill like a volcano all over his body, and God, oh God, his hole clenches pathetically around nothing and opens up again.
Steve holds on to the skirt of the gown. “Since this morning,” he mumbles and lets go of the skirt, unsure what he should do with his hands now.
The way he is caressing Tony’s body and his soul right at the same fraction of a second, pushing him over the edge, out of existence and into a pool of quantum particles.
“I wasn’t in the plane sinking in the ocean anymore. New York was safe, still there, looking more chaotic than it ever was in my time and so was I, still here, alive, despite the crazy joke that the universe had decided to play on me.”
Steve freezes for a second, staring at the sketchbook he is doodling in, before he turns on his side to face Tony, slowly. “Excuse me?”
They’re all too dumb, and Ty’s just too arrogant, to acknowledge that there are no elaborate plots going on; to admit that Captain Rogers’s Camaro is the only vehicle that left the house last night and as much as it might hurt Ty’s ego and the company’s image, Tony being here at this kitchen table is the only logical answer to the mystery they’re desperate to solve.
‘Iron Man, One Year after Gulmira’, Steve reads to himself as he runs his fingers over the red and gold letters. He can’t quite believe it. TIME has done an 83 page issue on Iron Man from 2009, and Steve had no idea.
"I think you're wearing too many clothes," the blond teased, then bent over and began to undo Tony's belt with his mouth, something he was very proud to have learned before they started dating. Just as Steve knew it would, Tony went wild and bucked his hips while tangling his hands in the soldier's short hair. Teasing the zipper of Tony's jeans down with his teeth, he peeked through his eyelashes to see his husband red and panting, his mouth completely slack-jawed as he watched the man undress him.
Steve, however, noticed something. "We should get the two of you into some extra curriculars now that you've had a chance to see what they are." He threw the idea out there and waited to see Dean's reaction. "Sam I'm sure you would love the science club, or the decathlon team or something like that. I hear there's even a book club if you're interested."
“With that smile? Nah, there’s something scandalous in there, I just know it,” Falsworth laughed, sitting down next to him with a full tray of breakfast.
The brunette rose up from the blow job, and with a parting kiss on the head of the dick, he dropped it to slap wetly against Steve's stomach. "You know what else is mine?" he growled out in his wrecked voice.
"Yeah...I bet you are," Tony sighed. "Come on, we're going home." He stood up and waited for Dean to find his balance before heading to the car that was parked haphazardly in front of the school.
"Alright, give the birthday boy some space everyone. Back to the table!" Tony called out in a teasing voice, though both he and Steve noticed the unabridged panic in the teen's face.
With every day that passed until Steve's flight, the atmosphere of the house grew darker and more sombre.
“You were terrified of me, Dean,” the father choked out. “I need to know that–we need to know that you’re not scared of us like that. We would never hurt you! We need you to–”
"Well it's not like we don't love having you over, but why you here then?" Tony was fiddling with his phone as he inquired. He could've been emailing the CEO of his company, designing a masterpiece of technology, or playing candy crush. Either option was equally likely.
"Do you want us to hit you?" Steve looked as though the words left without his permission as he looked at Dean.
"Relax, it literally only happened yesterday," the man chuckled, in a much better state of mind after talking to his husband. "He still has a bunch of paperwork and meetings to go through before they can fly him back, he's guessing he'll be in the air in about a week."
The teen shook his head. "Why did she attack me? I know I was being a shit, and anywhere else I would've expected it, but- "
Dean was still processing the revelation when Steve continued, his voice whisper-quiet as he promised, “
"Yeah, not like you were keeping any kind of tabs on them, but those boys have been through things no child would even dream of," he raised a hand to cut off whatever placating words Steve was going to use to reassure the man.
"Please, Steve, please, I need you," he whimpered. With one more nip and a soothing lick, Steve kissed Tony's slack mouth and reached for the lube in the nightstand and sat back between the man's legs.
After observing Dean pull on his hair for the third time, the man nudged the teen's knee and gestured inconspicuously for the two to leave the room. He was met with a confused sneer and eye roll before Dean returned his gaze to the screen.
"No. I'll be fine." Sam crawled into bed and pulled the covers over himself. "Turn the light off, will you?"
Steve collapsed at the desk chair in the bare army room. He rested his elbows on the desk and ran his hands down his face in exhaustion. Perking himself up, he fired up his newly reinstated cell phone and video called the one person he needed to see most in the world: his husband.
“Shh, baby, breathe.” Tony abandoned his anger and rushed to kneel in front of his husband. “It’s gonna be alright. We just have to make them see that we would never hurt a child. It’s not going to be that bad! Sweetie, we have the best kids in the entire world. They’ll tell the courts that we would never!” the engineer comforted the weeping man. “Everything’s gonna turn out just fine.”
“Well that’s okay,” Steve smiled. “At my mother’s funeral it was just me, the priest and my best friend Bucky, and it was the best send off we could’ve given her.”
“Hey, now.” Tony's eyebrows knit together. “I get that you’re not feeling great, but you only got yourself to blame. Can it with the attitude, mister.”
“Ah,” the man reacted, holding the phone for Steve to read as well. “Nat is trying to get Dean to accept an apology.”
want to hear another word about us spending money on you,” the man gave a glare to the teen, knowing exactly why the boy was uncomfortable with the plans.
This scene was a request, so if you have any ideas you want to bring to life in this universe please comment them sown below!
"What time are you going to be home tonight?" Tony asked when the kids were all scrambling to collect their items.
"Hey, hey," Tony started at the hitch of the captain's breathing. "Hey, I've got you. You're home now, you're home safe and sound with me and our wonderful kids."
The boy dragged his brother through the sea of boxes as the teen looked at the conflicting holiday decorations in confusion.
Bracing herself, the girl closed the file, crossed her arms and nodded once. She was scared, but she didn't matter. Staying with Clint did.
As always, thank you so much to all of my wonderful readers, your kudos and comments continue to fuel my love of this series and the characters.
"Of course, love. Let me know when you're ready and we'll spar all you need to." The man smiled, proud that Dean had the courage to ask for what he needed.
The Monday after their midnight fire, Dean and Loki walked into the school building together and exchanged a 'we'll see' glance before parting ways. Odin hadn't been back since. The teen's mood had only gotten better the longer he realized that the reign of the man that tried to kill him truly was over.
“Dude, you were supposed to meet me downstairs like ten minutes ago!” Dean whispered back. “What gives?”
“I already know what happened.” Phil Coulson was seated in the plastic chair at the side of Dean’s bed, posed perfectly in the picture of authority.
“I did the math, Tony. Even if he did take more pills after he got home, the fever should’ve gone down at least a little by now,” Steve explained.
Steve smiled. “Alright then. If you change your mind just let us know. In the meantime, help us decorate this unnecessarily huge house!”
"Rule number 3!" Tony startled the other two. "No recreational drugs or alcohol. If you choose to break that rule, at least tell us first."
Dean hesitated, then shook his head. "You can't fix this one, Mr. Coulson. Even with all of your connections and freaky knowledge of everything, you can't fix what I've fucked up."
The three sat there. Tension hanging thick in the air. Dean with his legs still spread, and Tony gripping Steve's hand so hard both of their knuckles were turning white.
"Okay then. First off, threatening people? Not okay," Tony shook Steve's arm off him. "After tonight I don't want to hear you threaten anybody with death. Or maiming. Or bodily harm of any kind basically."
Life was actually INSANE this past week and this is the first time I've even been able to sit down and open my laptop!!
"These are for you. Both are programmed with the family's numbers as well as Mr Wilson's and Mr Coulson's numbers. If there are any other numbers you'd like to add go right ahead." Tony explained, passing over the phones.
Dean looked around the room at the faces of the makeshift family. Clint gave an uncharacteristically small smile, revealing how hard the boy actually took the disappearance, but was adamant that he forgave the older boy. Natasha nodded seriously, Thor was grinning ear to ear, Tony gave him a goofy thumbs-up, Bruce nodded with a small smile, and Sam was simply beaming at seeing his brother receive so much support.
The room was loud and boisterous, taken over by Sam, Clint and Natasha interjecting over one another to talk to their father. Steve once again assured them they'd get to everything and made his way to the table to crouch by Bruce's chair and whispered a hello.
Natasha glared at the man. These disgusting men had touched her baby brother, the one good person Natasha had left, and they were going to pay.
Mr Wilson leaned toward Dean, resting his elbows on his knees. "Then let me help. Let me make sure you two get three square meals, a roof over your heads, someone to take responsibility for feeding and clothing you so you don't have to. At least until your dad comes back."
Tony sighed and ran a hand over his face. "We thought that's why you might have been acting out. Maybe you were tired of waiting to get hit so you moved it along a little."
Dean sighed and finally took pity on the other teen. "No. I did it because it's no big deal and I know he would've been embarrassed if everyone thought he did it. He doesn't owe me anything and he'll never owe me for doing something he didn't ask for. That's just what siblings do, Loki. We-" he paused, looking down at the ground. "We look out for each other. Protect each other, ya know?"
to sleep, Sam," he snapped before returning to his original position of completely ignoring the boy.
“Woah,” Tony raised a hand to calm down the other man. “Steve, have you seen Dr. Phillips at all since your tech came back? Had a video session or anything like that?”
"No. But it's going to be that much more worth it if he does," Steve whispered as he pulled his husband in for a hug.
"I don't know. Math? Science? History? At least I hope that's what they're teaching us or else you better reconsider sending us there."
"If that's what you wanna hear then sure." Dean winked at Steve before digging into his plate, effective ending the conversation.
Steve coughed as he inhaled the dust that was kicked into the air upon lifting the door of the storage unit. If Bobby hadn’t said he’d went through everything already, Dean would’ve assumed the place hadn’t been stepped in for years.
"Clint! You don't know what he's doing right now! He could be in an important meeting, hang up!" Tony insisted.
"We're only going to do what we talked about, okay Dean?" Steve began, getting Dean's attention. "No surprises, I promise."
"Um, actually bud," Dean put the pan on a cool element and turned off the stove before crouching down to look Clint in the eye. "I haven't decided if I want to be adopted yet."
Dean shook his head then, furiously at first, before wincing and slowing to a stop. Clenching his eyes shut again, the teen forced out, “No, that’s all Sam. Yeah, he can get in a real bitchy mood once in a while, but he’s basically sunshine on wheels. And his brain? That’s what’s gonna make him successful. As long as he keeps reading his nerd books, that kid will be whatever he wants.”
"You better join him Sammy, you know he needs help with his spelling." Dean smiled at his brother before shooing him up the stairs.
"Dean. Of all those reasons the one that worries me the most is that you couldn't stop. That's a problem." Steve stood up from his seat and stepped closer to Dean. "Is this what happened in your therapy sessions too?"
Dean nodded and gave a rare genuine smile to the man. "You know me. Anything threatens Sammy, I won't hesitate."
Steve, baffled by how this relates to the boy's phone, took a moment before responding. "Sweetheart, I'm not seeing why dad took your-"
Steve couldn't contain himself any longer and wrapped an arm around Dean and pulled him to his side.
The blond got up and sat directly across from the other teen. "I thought we talked about this, about you actually making an effort."
"Stevie, I see you haven't been smothered by your baseball team of kids yet," the soldier smiled in response.
Family dinners were apparently a nightly thing at the Stark household. All eight occupants gathered together at precisely six thirty to eat and get interrogated. At least that's how Dean saw it. Why did anyone even want to know how his day was? He woke up, didn't pay attention in class, and now he's here. Not much to tell.
Throughout breakfast, both Steve and Tony skillfully drew the conversation away from the boy, letting him have the time to quiet his heart and mind.
Dean furrowed his brows as he looked at the man. "What, are you so rich you have your kids do drills inside in a special padded drills room?" He asked.
"Trust me, boy. Keep my number, but only call if you think someone's gonna die, or worse. You got that?"
The four kids took in the joyful faces of their parents. Steve and Tony raised their eyebrows as they silently asked the kids their thoughts on the subject.
"And no other home will take them? Two boys, it can't be that hard to find them a good place to stay!" Tony fought, refusing to look at the pictures. He knew if he saw the kids faces just once, he would cave, but they already had four kids, waiting on the fifth!
Steve ran his hand over Dean’s forehead and back through his sweaty hair, noting with relief how the boy didn’t even flinch at the touch.
Tony chuckled, before borrowing his head into the pillow of his husband's chest. "Alright, my love. Anything you need."
"Thor, please, I-" Loki took a step back and held his hand up to stop his brother from coming closer. "Þetta verður nógu erfitt eins og það er." {
Tony slowly rotated his head to stare at his idiotic husband, to which the man smiled sheepishly and shrugged.
“I feel incredibly safe with Steve and Tony,” Natasha stated bluntly, poised gracefully, face blank.
“Lose the kids? Is he serious, Tony?” Steve gaped at the door Mr. Wilson had just slammed shut behind him.
She found out what 'play' meant a few hours later in the very room her mother had overdosed in, not thinking about what the sheet-covered lump the men dragged out was.
"Are you sure?" The man smiled. "I am a man of many talents and I can't tell you if I can fix something if I don't know what happened to begin with."
"We're not sure about that. Possibly," Steve answered at the same time Tony replied with "Probably."
While Sam showed the others what they'd already discovered, Tony gestured to Dean to come with him to the kitchen. Confused, Dean followed, sparing a glance behind him at his foster siblings rifling through his father's things.
Steve shook his head while cutting into his pancakes. "I'm still going to drive you kids to school, but I'm staying on leave for a while to take care of Bucky. He doesn't really have anyone left since his sister was in a car crash a few years back, so I'm all he has right now."
Steve’s heart might burst into pieces any second now. “I...” he rasps, his mouth dry and his head light, and he knows that he has to say the words, that’s how it’s been and that’s how it always will be. He has to say it with
Being able to think again should count, Tony tells himself as he wraps his good hand around his broken fingers. He nods, and lifts his chin, as something squeezes low in his belly and a tiny spasm flutters deep inside. He can see it vividly now, what he needs exactly, what he’s been waiting for since he stumbled down the stairs and into the front yard last night, what he’s wanted to do every day and every night, every single second of the past six months that’s he’s spent in between those walls he hates to call home.
Steve gets back to the tower, just in time to get a giant piece of his birthday cake with lots of leftover BBQ food from SHIELD’s 4th of July party, although nothing tastes as good as the tiny hospital sandwich and the juice box left on top of his clothes in the exam room. He falls asleep thinking about big brown eyes, a perfect smile, and the most magical fingers in the world, and wakes up to a package delivered while he was sleeping that Nat must have left on his bedside table.
He is not your omega, Tony repeated to himself, grasping a fistful of bed linen and digging his heels into the mattress. No matter what that piece of paper they got from the Department of Omegas’ Affairs said; no matter how conspicuous the bite mark still was. Steve Rogers was not Tony’s omega, because it was not what he wanted to be.
“Again, part of the job,” Steve replies before putting his feet up the console, and it’s only a half-lie.
He is the courage itself. He is grace and sympathy and the reason Steve can sit, eat or rest at least a little easier. He is the wings Steve doesn’t have and they reach places Steve can’t reach. He makes the world a better place, with no superpower, whatsoever, except for the power of his brain and his amazing, perfect soul.
Everything clicks into place. Steve comes, shivering and crying and he holds on to Tony as he comes almost instantly after Steve. It takes a second, or an hour, but they hold on to each other all the way through it, every tremor, every whimper, every gasp. Tony kisses Steve’s lips, his eyes, his neck, and his chest and Steve kisses the top of Tony’s head and the back of his neck. He knows that he probably should move, clean up, do or say something, but Tony is holding on to him tight and that’s all he needs in the world right now.
Tony blinks and watches the way a bit of color returns to Captain Rogers' face as he comes closer to take a look at the device. Fear and pain are blended in his eyes as he looks at Tony and he doesn’t even bother to fake a smile before he looks away.
Steve in past tense. He breathes through the pain as Tony declares to the world that he has no trust for Steve. He takes each of Tony’s words, one stab after the other right into his heart, and doesn’t break into tears when Tony passes out and crumbles onto the floor, even if he fails to catch Tony, one more time.
“Excuse me? What did you say?” Ty turns on his heels, still holding one of Tony’s hands, and stares at Steve. “You think you’re tough? You think you can tell me what I can or can’t do with my omega?”
Steve takes both of Tony’s hands in one of his and holds them on his chest. He smiles, one of those deeply pleased smiles, that crinkle the corners of his eyes and make him more beautiful if that’s physically possible.
“Commander Stark! Did you just say that you’ll meet me onboard? I don’t think I’d really need a tour, I know my way around rescue shuttles pretty well.”
Steve dials into his voice mail and listens to all six of Nat’s messages, which are all exactly the same and It’s probably around the ending of the fifth message that things start to sink in.
Tony doesn’t take a single call, even from Ms. Potts, although she would absolutely ‘kill him because of it’.
Captain Rogers seems nice. He seems to be passionate about the greater good and has been polite and considerate in the two  ticks that Tony has known him. He is also an alpha; a top of the ranks, rich, handsome, and super strong alpha, and in Tony’s books, that can never be too promising.
“You’re late, Stark.” Steve grabs Tony’s waist as soon as the door opens, drags him in, and closes the door, by pressing Tony to it. “You don’t get to keep me waiting, you hear me? I don’t appreciate it.”
Tony’s fingers run down Steve’s neck and rest on his back. “I don’t mind, not the slightest bit. If this is what makes you happy, dear.”
I should warn everyone that I am using a rather harsh tone about the President of the United States in this chapter, and please if you don't like to read that, skip this.
As if all it takes is to give your all to someone. As if Tony has not been doing so much of that for so fucking long he has absolutely nothing left to keep, let alone give anymore. Like you can be someone’s beginning and they can be your end, because you can’t.
There is a trail of red dotting the white carpet between the bed where Captain Rogers was sitting three seconds ago and where he is standing now, across the room with his back pushed against the wall, as if trying to get further away or just out of the room through it.
“I am sure you would have managed,” Steve says, deciding to eat some fruit salad instead. He casually offers some to Tony before putting some on his plate. Tony nods, and Steve fails to wipe the triumphant grin off his face.
“No, I have not. I wanted to five  years ago … but things got in the way and … well, I just never did really.” Captain Rogers eyes are suddenly sad. He looks at Tony. His eyes follow Ty’s hand and stay on his grip on Tony’s shoulder for a few seconds. Things that get in the way could mean a million different things but that wistful sigh rules most of them out. It probably has  something to do with unspoken words and missed opportunities, as this rich beautiful alpha can bond to any omega he wants with a snap of his fingers.
make his cheeks red with anger and shame. He doesn’t cry though. He can’t control his own fingers right now so he holds on to the last shred of his dignity and keeps the stupid tears off his face.
Steve can’t quite remember anything that must have happened between 11 AM when he had run out of the ER treatment room to get to the ORs and now, that’s two in the morning according to the clock on the wall. All that he knows is Tony is not in this room. That he might still be in an operation room fighting, or worse
Steve’s grip tight around Bucky’s back, Bucky’s face buried in Steve’s chest, Steve’s body sliding on Bucky’s just the way it always moved on top of his. Tony was suddenly burning all over.
Tony slips into the bathroom, turns the water on and washes his face. As the water is running, he looks at his reflection in the mirror and runs his wet hands over his hair, hoping to get the few curls straightened back into slicked hair. He can’t really remember the last time his hair has been curly. He actually doesn’t remember how he looks without half a bottle of product in his hair.
Tony looks into Steve’s eyes and wonders if they change color slightly as the day goes on. “Is that a yes, or is that a no?”
Steve smiles and something warm runs through his chest. “That’s a fantastic idea! I can shoot the edge of the spaceship with a phaser to push it out of the gravity zone of the event horizon.”
What he wants to do, he realizes as he walks another couple of steps, is to close the distance and kiss Steve’s pursed lips until they part a little to let Tony’s tongue in. It’s to have more of him, that hair, those lips, that perfect ass, and that apparently good heart. All he wants to do is make Steve stay, one way or the other, and maybe do something good along the way as well.
Steve doesn’t want to take a step away from Tony. He wants to keep Tony in his arms and smell his hair, hoping, knowing that it will calm him down, just like every unsettled second of the past week, but he hates disturbing Tony more than he already has, with showing up in that bar, with staying here, and being, well, who he actually is.
“Fuck you,” Tony says against Steve’s lips, his scent making Steve's head spin, his nail scratching Steve’s skin, as Steve’s shaky fingers fumble with Tony’s pants and open the zipper.
“The guy who bought me a drink in a random bar, and decided to get a hotel room with me, so fucking randomly, is Iron Man?” Steve pulls his other hand away taking another step back, and the idea of the space between them clenches Tony's heart.
Tony is overwhelmed. He feels like he has been dipped in the crack of an ice rink but something distinct is burning on his front that is making the ice melt, in warm gooey circles. Steve just drew a heart all over him and Tony doesn’t know which he could tolerate more decently; if the rest of the message goes the only logical way it can, or if it doesn’t.
“Why would Starklite 14s be on the news? We don’t have a TV but as far as I remember SI launching a new rifle is business as usual?” Tony looks at Ty who is, for fuck’s sake, looking at his StarkWatch. He has finally loosened his grip on Tony’s arm and is now rubbing the painful points that will bruise tomorrow. It’s no one’s fault that Tony bruises that easily though. He has a
He does see heaven, just after that, or whatever it's called; the bliss, the deafening silence, the coming together of his senses and his body in one point, before it all goes running, exploding into a million tiny pieces.
“Hey, hey, none of that.” Dr. Stark’s fingers wrap around Steve’s hands, take them off his face, and hold them both in his. “It’s perfectly normal to have an orgasm after so much stimulation. And honestly, you did me a favor.”
“And that’s how the length of these tubes increases the efficiency of the Deuterium combustion, so the overall weight of the fuel required decreases significantly.”
It’s a miss this time, thank God, but there of course will be a hit. There will always be a hit, Tony knows so God damn well, and it’s why he doesn’t smile back. It’s got nothing to do with the fact that his face is too sore or the way Captain Rogers tightens his grip around his waist, right as Tony fails to bite back a painful moan. It’s just precaution. Just a general rule of safety for any omega who knows how to use the God-given half-working brain properly.
The doctor’s gaze slides back up and finally reaches Steve’s face. A fresh rush of shame swirls in Steve’s gut, and heats his cheeks, which means he is blushing all over again and he fidgets and dips his knees, hoping to cover the way his cock twitches, but it’s hopeless and too late. The wet patch on the front of the gown is getting even bigger; not that Steve’s going to look at the damn thing.
He locks himself up in the Captain’s Ready Room for the rest of the day and tries to work out a way to minimize this effect with no luck. Alpha suppressants are not as effective as the ones for omegas - that seem to work perfectly for Tony as he’s not even aware of Steve’s agony - and behavior therapy theories remain theories for now, as they’re found mostly unethical.
, and it’s breaking his heart and mending it at the same time, the way Steve’s all in all the time, and he may not love Tony, not exactly, but he can make those stupidly hilarious moves while taking off his pants and make Tony laugh so hard, so he forgets about the thinning of his resources to help people in this crisis, the deaths, the everlasting series of not being enough, at least for a few minutes.
So Tony does as Steve says, as he promised. It’s just a touch, a brush, same as when he caresses Steve’s cheek or the back of his neck, but it’s there, Tony’s finger is there, moving and pushing gently but consistently and the circular pointed motion is lightning and thunder turning Steve’s whole body into one exposed nerve.
Steve takes a step forward as Tony walks into the briefing room and his hands ball into fists on their own accord. “I’m nuts? I’m nuts? You’re the brainless person who’s apparently deleted his brain after uploading it to one of those AIs.”
ALSO, there is a dance scene coming up soon, yayyyy, and I would love to hear your song suggestions for this version of our boys to ummm have their first dance?
” Dr. Stark narrows his eyes, glances back at his tablet, and pauses for a second. Steve braces himself for the terrifying first question every doctor asks in every exam room, ‘what seems to be the problem today’, but it doesn’t come; thank goodness. “I can see that you’ve been experiencing prolonged erection.”
The only problem with using the shiny new StarkPad your quarantine husband has left in your room overnight as your new mask is that, he can show up after so many hours, leaning against the desk with a lopsided smile, and well, take it off you. Literally.
He doesn’t get embarrassed this time when Nat helps him take his shirt off or when she unzips the stained cream pants and pulls it down while Tony struggles to keep his weight off the couch. He should be burning in shame, or turning red in the face as Nat does just right now before she turns her head to look at something non-existent on the wall behind her,  but he doesn’t. He pulls down his briefs and slides into Captain Rogers’ boxers because in the past six weeks he’s been leaking more than during any of his heats and does not even blush about the fact that Captain Rogers has decided to lend him a pair of crimson red boxers.
He sits down with Steve and explains that no known entity can publish that footage without their consent and Johnny has burnt his chance to leak that footage by bringing it up in public, in hopes of egging Tony to get some angry response. That it will be okay, that he is sorry to have put Steve on the spot like this, and being near Tony has many downsides including constant media attention of the worst possible kind. That he will fix it, one way or the other.
Tony stood up and walked down the steps to the small green patch in front of the house. “I’m afraid of pressuring Steve into it. He thinks he is indebted to me with his life, as you just said. Do you think the man who spends his Sunday mornings helping in the crematorium, and his Sunday afternoons throwing up and shaking from the horror of it, would say no to me if I asked him to stay? He wouldn’t, Jarvis. He wouldn’t. Do you think I want to be his crematorium?”
He looks up at Tony, who is still standing by the window, tapping on his phone quickly, and for a second gets lost in the way he looks different but exactly the same in the daylight. Tony looks up from his phone as if he can feel Steve’s eyes on himself and his distressed features pull Steve out of the bubbled daze and throws him back into reality.
We are still discussing the pandemic of the COVID-19 (although I have not mentioned the name so far) so please take care of yourself and don't read this fic if you don't want to be exposed to it.
Steve laughed softly and laid his head on Tony’s shoulder. Tony nodded to Barnes, relieved that he did not feel the urge to punch his face anymore, and smiled at Jarvis’s face glowing with his ‘I told you so’ expression that was well familiar.
“I know, sweetheart, I know, it’s okay,” Tony says, and Steve swallows his choked words, because Tony knows, he is here, he’s got Steve, now and forever, and Steve might finally be able to stop trying for the first time, like all the other firsts happening to him all at once. Tony shushes Steve again, his body slamming vigorously into Steve’s and then he wraps his hand around Steve’s cock and rolls his fingers over Steve’s balls.
“Lieutenant Commander Tony Stark, head of engineering, sir.” Fingers wrap around Steve’s and shake his hand. “I was about to come to the bridge to say hi,” he says, running his free hand in his hair, and the motion feels like a tickle to the base of Steve’s spine.
Captain Rogers doesn’t take his eyes off the cars moving so very slowly in front of them. “I promise you, that if something goes wrong, I’ll pull whatever I can to make sure you won’t spend even one night anywhere else. But we have to try this first.”
“Ty, for God’s sake,” Tony says and rushes up to his feet. “Just leave, please, just…” he goes on, dragging his fingers out of Steve’s, and the plea in his voice breaks Steve’s heart into small pieces.
“If I had more time,” Captain Rogers says and puts his hands back on the steering wheel, “I could’ve hired a team of lawyers to spend hundreds of hours.” He glances at Tony quickly before focusing back on the road. “But I don’t think they could’ve come up with something better, if they did come up with anything at all.”
“You are not a burden, Steve.” Tony sounded angrier than he'd hoped but not as angry as he actually felt. “Don’t you dare say something like that about yourself. Having you breathe under the same roof is an honor anyone should be damn glad to have.” Tony hadn't meant to say that. “You are brave and selfless, and you carry more than your own weight at all times.” He certainly hadn't meant to step so close to Steve either, but he couldn’t seem to remember why he'd walked across the room, or how it had happened so quickly. “Whatever I did, the bonding, the lousy bed for you to sleep on instead of that stinky hospital one, the warm felt coat you did not even consider wearing, they’re nothing compared to the angel you are inside. You’re not a burden. You… you...”
stretches and echoes in his brain, and he wants to say something, everything to be exact, but it’s a blessing, or a curse, that his brain is not creating any speech commands at the moment.
Captain Rogers refuses to have Bruce look at his bleeding hand. He keeps saying that it will be okay tomorrow, and to Tony’s horror, everyone seems to believe him. He grabs a towel from a drawer and no one even blinks at the growing blood stain when he sits back on the bed with the towel clutched in his hand.
“Handcuff or blindfold?” Tony asks and the image of Steve handcuffed to Tony’s bed - his actual bedroom in the penthouse of Stark Tower - makes his hands go numb. It will be glamorous, if Steve ever gives Tony the honor, the third most beautiful thing in the world probably, right after his smile and his adorable, perfect blush.
He slid his hand up from the bitemark and cupped Steve’s cheek. “We’ll ask Mr. Barnes to stay for a little while and you can show him all the gun work you said he would enjoy, down at the fort.”
must be some weird-ass karma for something Tony has done in the past because other than Tony who still has his full set of “Inside Moves” that was Jarvis’ present for his 11th birthday, no one knows the game was called Camelot ages ago.
Tony’s hands shoot up to cup the sides of Steve’s face. His heart slows, his body cools down, and his brain finally catches up with the racing images that have been flooding his brain. “You’re alive? You’re ali-- how? Jesus Christ, how on earth-- you were
He cradles the back of Steve’s head and runs his fingers through his hair. “Did you see that?! How on earth did that happen? My phone must be ringing mad right now, good thing it’s on silent, but there is literally no one I could think of that could have won this dickhead over.”
As always thank you so much to fiftyshadesofstony and JehBeeEh for beta and all the nice comments, I love you guys, I am so grateful!
“I’m gonna operate the missile.” Steve taps at the console and looks ahead. “26.5 degrees and medium intensity, I’m just hoping that I got the calculations right.”
For a few long seconds, Tony can’t think. He can’t move or speak and seems unable to even breathe. How on earth does this mountain of beautiful softness not belong to someone already? How could one meet Steve and not want to keep his hair and his lips and his beautiful caring heart and the way he opens his body and soul, just like right now, all to himself? How on earth has this become possible, that he has dropped from the sky right behind the counter of that bar, and decided to give all of that to Tony, just randomly? It can’t be random, Tony chants to himself, as he breathes in and out and he can’t quite tell if it’s the astonishing sensation of Steve’s thighs around his cock that blows his mind as soon as he pushes in or the realization that it might not be random, that there might be something special about Tony, at least as far as Steve’s concerned.
“The court will place him in one of the omega welfare centres across the state, for however long it takes for the domestic violence case to be finalized.” Which could take years, Tony knows for a fact, if it ever gets there when the alpha is reluctant, unlike an alpha-initiated unbonding that takes exactly 10 days in most courts across California. “The centers are in desperate need of an upgrade but never get priority in the state budget for obvious reasons. Some are remote, some don’t have proper security.” He runs his fingers on the Braille display again, still facing Tony and his lips turn into a sad smile. “There have been a few cases of omegas being taken from these centers. One of my clients ended up dropping all charges a couple of days after
Tony is not into toes per se, but this is Steve, and it’s not even funny that even his toes are amazing. Tony kisses them one by one, many times, with the wondrous joy of an explorer finding new territory and it looks like Steve’s into this land exploring stuff too, with the way he whimpers with every soft brush of Tony’s lips and all the muffled noises that shudder through Tony’s core right into his cock.
Nat gives Tony’s hand one last squeeze, before she lets go. She blinks and smiles at Tony before turning away, and she straightens her back, looking so different suddenly “Copy that,” she says firmly, “do you need a hand with Tony?”
He is still hungry but he can’t eat more than a bite of the tiramisu cheesecake. The cheesecake is probably delicious though; Ty has finished his and Captain Rogers is scraping the last bits of it off his plate.
Tony takes another breath. “There’s no... setup,” he says, wondering if he should reach for Steve’s hands right now, “whatever that’s supposed to mean.” He keeps his hands to his sides though, rubbing his palms against his thighs. “Meeting you and falling in love with you like this was insane too, but it happened, right? For whatever reason, too random or just magical. Against all odds, but here we are. I guess it’s fair to say that nothing is impossible.”
“I do want you to stay very close to me.” Tony says, his eyes shining, his face determined. "I missed you. I can't stop thinking about you."
This is not how he had planned for the night to go, but hey, you do your best to play whatever hand life deals, and if life has made him punch Ty Stone, instead of having fillet mignon, and spend the night on the cold steps of a closed deli instead of having dessert, then that’s what Steve’s gonna do, and that’s what he’ll try to make the most of.
, buddy,” Tony said as he let go of Bucky’s elbow. The way Bucky took one last longing look at Steve before getting out was in no way imaginary.
in 40 minutes, but they are still driving in the middle of nowhere. Or that he is riding with a stranger on a road he does not recognize and he is about to meet a bunch of strangers who are going to be at Captain Rogers’ house and he just doesn’t care. He is in pain, can’t really breathe properly because of the pain, but he is also in a weird numb space, almost giddy that he is not going back to his house. There is a slight chance he might actually get killed tonight without a single being knowing of his whereabouts but that’s not even that bad. Tragic ending for Tony Stark, true, but for this very omega right here, eh … whatever. It will just be over.
“I believe in first impressions and extravagant gestures, Mr. Rogers, if I’m being honest. I would take you to the Louvre or Opéra Royal, but considering the quarantine situation, I was thinking, a stay-at-home dinner and dance date?”
Tony spends hours on the phone, conferencing with so many people he loses count. Pepper orders changes of clothes online before his personal things arrive and some for Steve, too, although she doesn’t approve of the gesture.
Bucky’s fingers moved slightly on Steve’s back, casually, and a jolt of electricity went down Tony’s spine. The image of Bucky trembling in Steve’s arm returned as Tony reached over and grabbed Bucky’s elbow, his heart racing in his chest. Bucky turned to Tony, with the tug on his metal arm, and his face got hard for a second before he dropped his hand from Steve’s back and pushed it back into his pocket.
The dishes, he tells himself as he breathes in and out. That’s the only thing that Tony wants him to do so all Steve needs to focus on is turning on the water and rinsing the dishes. Tony wraps one hand around Steve’s cock, stroking slowly, as his other hand pushes Steve’s pants down. “You are just gorgeous, you know that?” Tony murmurs against the back of Steve’s neck, “ you are blushing all the way down to here,” and his other hand moves down and starts rubbing Steve’s balls. “How are you even real? How could someone be so beautiful inside and out? I just --” and he breaks off again, distracting Steve from the dishes too with the perfect pace rubbing Steve’s cock and massaging his balls, and for a long minute it’s pleasure perfection as Tony kisses the side of Steve’s face and mirrors Steve’s moans one by one.
“I always knew you could install a Warp engine on smaller vessels, but never got a chance to try it out.”
Tony is confused. Well, true, he has not been exactly following the news in the past six  months but new military weapons are never a big deal in mainstream TV. Captain Rogers looks too serious to be countering Tony’s joke.
He starts to pull up his pants with one hand, as soon as his feet reach the floor, and slaps Steve’s chest with his other one to push him away. Steve goes, still a little fuzzy, and his back hits the large filing cabinet.
It was fine. This was the plan, what Steve had wanted from the beginning, to get out of this hell. This was exactly what Tony wanted for Steve; to be free, to be well, to be happy.
his hole gaping, the thing Steve’s wanted for so long, definitely not like this, but still, and it’s just fantastic and shattering at the same time, too much, that Steve doesn’t know if he wants to cry or yell or something else, he has no idea what.
Steve laughs as Tony tries to take Steve’s shirt off with his teeth and mouth as the pink and black wheel suggests and he squirms and whimpers as Tony
“Well I can’t find any other news channels,” Steve says as he places a quick kiss on Tony’s cheek and then turns to the TV, taking a bite from his own sandwich.
He coughs, and rubs Steve’s bicep a couple of times, a friendly gesture any other time, but it’s not any other time, and Steve can’t decide if it’s humiliating to death, or a hell of a turn on. The result is the same though; prickling across his skin, burning low in his belly, his head spinning in frustration.
The loud thud of the door slamming open startles them both and Nat jumps to her feet, still clutching Tony’s hand, holding it awkwardly in the air. Tony’s heart drops to his feet, as Captain Rogers
Tony opens his mouth - to say something to rile up Steve even more - and Steve shoves two fingers in Tony's mouth as he wraps his other hand around Tony’s cock and jerks once. Tony squirms and bites Steve’s fingers, and whines as Steve separates the fingers and adds pressure as he won't be able to bite or get a word out for as long as Steve dims fit.
Day 2, is here, as promised. I am doing my best to update daily so please help me go with your precious kudos and comments <3
Tony’s breath hitched and his eyes started to sting as the rain started. What if Steve wanted to stay? Tony could never ask. He would never know.
He can do this though. Not that he has any other choice, between here and SHIELD medical, but he’s got this.
“He was touching you,” Steve says, fighting the volcano that’s suddenly starting to erupt right within his ribs, “he was... touching you.”
imaginary, Tony thought as Steve wrapped his arms around him, while he noticed the streak of pain in Bucky’s eyes, the way he looked away and coughed, his fingers running in his hair as he shifted on his feet.
Steve kisses Tony’s forehead again and trails down, slowly, as he kisses the line of Tony’s nose. “A friend maybe?”
He brushes his fingers on Tony's face before he fucks off and Steve follows his figure going down the stairs and looks back at Tony who’s looking the other way as if he’s looking for something.
Steve shuffles to stretch his feet and it brushes against Tony’s knee for a fraction of a second. The touch is barely there but it sends a jolt of electricity right to Tony’s heart, like it’s the first time, or the la--
Tony takes a couple of slow steps ahead. The fact that this guy’s not willing to accept Tony’s money is refreshing. Or to be precise, pretty much unprecedented as far as Tony remembers, except for a couple of people.
“You’re lucky I have a date, and I don’t have any more time for this,” Tony says and makes a face that says ‘I’m sorry I’m stuck with you’, and walks backward a few steps. “I’ll have the reports ready by tomorrow morning and until then you can do your best to kiss my ass.”
The door swings open right then as if Steve has sensed Tony’s miserable presence. He nods, and a tightness in Tony’s chest goes loose, and his smile shines a little light on the dark gloomy world.
“Yes,” he finally says, his voice too shaky, his heart racing in his chest. Captain Rogers raises an eyebrow, just a little, and Tony’s heart stops to beat and drops to his feet. He nods then and his lips twitch into what might be the tiniest smile in the history of smiles and Tony’s heart starts to beat in his chest.
Tony smiles and moves his fingers, too weak to wave properly. Steve smiles and waves back as Bucky finally wheels him away.
Tony’s fingers lighten up every inch of Steve. He pauses after undoing each button to kiss whatever bit of skin he has just revealed and makes sure to whisper something about the way Steve feels under his hands each and every time.
Tony’s hands roam on Steve’s abs to find his first shirt button. Steve does his best to focus on the dishes as Tony undoes the buttons one by one.
There should be something they can do. With all the knowledge at their disposal, it's ridiculous to accept spaghettification as the fate of a civilian spaceship. He turns to Tony and watches him swiping quickly through what must be schematics of Avenger’s shuttles, fighting the urge to walk up to him and wrap his arms around his waist.
He watches Steve do 73 push-ups, as he walks to the kitchenette to get more coffee, and listens to his soft humming while Steve’s doodling something, sitting at the dining table looking at the Houston skyline from the floor-to-ceiling window.
Steve shakes his head. “No. Not this time. This time, I don’t want you to show any gratitude.” he reaches for Tony’s other hand and starts to kiss the fingers one by one.
It hasn’t been okay since that damn night in the cursed bar. Since Tony has stopped yelling back at Steve in the briefing room since he has started to actually follow orders without a single complaint. It has been hell, to watch him look away, back down, comply. It’s been like dying from suffocation not to be able to smell him, to touch his bare skin, to hold him for one glorious moment, for over a month now, which feels more like a lifetime.
The alpha glares at Steve and presses his lips together. Steve looks at the omega, who hasn’t made a single noise since he’s entered the room. “So, are
He can only restrain himself for slightly less than two days before he calls Tony again, and manages to make it seem very random when he asks Tony if he’s been eating at all. It’s not until about a day and 14 hours later, during a heated discussion about setting up Bucky with Tony’s childhood friend - whom he had called earlier today, after five years - that Steve finds the courage to tell Tony to sleep every now and then, and he only asks if Tony’s been doing his annual check-ups, which he has not for very long, as Steve had expected, but promises to schedule one first thing tomorrow.
Tony lifts Steve’s head from his chest and looks into his eyes as he pushes a strand of hair behind Steve’s ear. A jolt of electricity runs through Steve’s body and his heart rattles in his chest. This is not right. Instead of caressing Steve’s cheek, Tony should slap Steve’s face, he should punch Steve’s nose. He was stranded in the dark, out of food, out of air, and yet, he is stronger than Steve who’s crumbling in his arms. He can hold Steve together, literally, and he can even smile, and God, oh God, Tony’s smile is all Steve’s wanted to see every time he’s let himself think about Tony in the past two years. It warms Steve’s skin. It warms Steve’s heart—little by little, slowly but surely.
“Well, I guess it’s a superpower. I know, I forget to eat, I am guilty of that. That’s why I usually leave snacks around in my workshop and eat them when I spot them. Pepper will kill me if I pass out again from low blood sugar, so I am trying to stay alive.” and yes, thank God, he reaches for another blueberry bagel.
