John loves kissing Sherlock; he has always loved kissing Sherlock.  He enjoys the feel of Sherlock’s full mouth against his own, the tiny little licks that seem almost self-conscious on Sherlock’s end, and the way that he can sometimes make Sherlock lose his mind just from kissing alone.  John loves it all, and now he wants to take his time savouring it.
“Sherlock, you’re the one who is carrying the baby!” John cried out, annoyed.  “We can’t have a baby shower without the baby!”
John, for the most part, seemed happy with the change in topic, and he finally settled down enough to sit back in his chair.  As Sherlock stared at him more, he slowly began to see all the little things about John that told the brunette man what John had been up to since Sherlock had been unconscious.  The dark circles under his eyes indicating a loss of sleep; the old, stale coffee stains on his plaid shirt that were testament to the man’s tiredness—John never drank coffee when tea would suffice; the shadow of a beard that was growing, telling Sherlock that John hadn’t had the time or energy to shave in several days.
, John thinks, dropping his jeans back around his feet and stepping out of them so fast that he almost trips on the legs as he scurries back towards the bed.  He can wear the same thing he had on yesterday.  No one at work saw him, and it will save them almost half an hour.
“John,” Sherlock says, his voice low.
“Say it,” John tells him, giving his cock a long, slow pull.  “Tell me you understand.  Tell me there’s no one else.”
“What?” John pushed, his disconnected voice drifting through the darkness between them.
He navigated the website to the correct page and read the information on it, drinking it all in.
The tall man laughed at him then, a hearty sound that seemed genuine, with no trace of fear.  “I like these little fag boys when they fight,” he said to his friends.  “Makes ‘em clench up in all the right places.”
“Yes, I know.  You have me,” Sherlock chokes out, sounding overcome with emotion.
He thinks about Sherlock on his knees in front of him at that moment, right there in the shower, mouth open and slack—just the way John has taught him to wait for cock—hair plastered to his head and soaking wet, his thin, pale body shiny from the water cascading down it.
A picture of a very naked Sherlock.
“He’s not breathing.  Why is he not breathing?”
It takes Sherlock a few minutes to recover himself, and John doesn’t rush him.  They lie in his bed next to one another as the brunet’s breathing slowly returns to normal and he opens his striking-coloured eyes to look John directly in the face, his expression so unguarded and relaxed that John is struck speechless over the perfection that has just transpired between them.
Sherlock obliges him, happy to give in to John whenever the man tells him exactly what he wants to hear, whenever he begs so nicely.  John has gotten very good at knowing exactly what Sherlock wants to hear from him.
“Just tuck me in,” Sherlock grouses, moving to burrow deeper under the covers of the bed.
John goes to him, despite Sherlock’s attempt to move away from him, and grabs his arms, holding him tight and forcing Sherlock to look at him, not letting him slip away again.  “Sherlock, look at me.
John gave him a disapproving glance and roll of his eyes. “Sherlock, you know eating spicy foods that late in the day gives you heartburn at night. You should have just ignored your craving and gone with the turkey.” He re-read the same sentence for the sixth time and still didn’t take in a word of it.
Sherlock knew that John wasn’t meaning the action to be arousing—they had both had a stern talking to by the doctors before Sherlock’s release, on the complications that could arise from pulled stitches due to ‘strenuous activity’, but Sherlock couldn’t help it…It had been so long since John had been home, in his bed, next to him, so close.
inclined to be okay with the notion now that he knows that John’s affair is with a student who is barely over the legal age of consent.  John doesn’t dwell on that, though.  He really just wants to get away from Mary as quickly as possible and find Sherlock.  “I’m sorry, Mary,
“Experiment?” Lestrade repeated, raising a hand to flag the waitress down again. “Is that what he did it for, then? As an experiment?”
If Sherlock caught what John was doing, he said nothing about it, letting it slip past unmentioned.  For once, John was thankful for Sherlock’s silence.
And Sherlock makes it very clear that he certainly does not believe it.
“Open up,” he orders and, surprisingly, Sherlock does.  He holds his mouth open and John feeds him.  A small, shuddery breath escapes John as Sherlock takes the food that John gives him and chews it slowly.  “Good boy,” John says softly, smiling proudly at Sherlock’s obedience.
They reached the floor that Lestrade worked on, and made their way towards the common area where all of the police officer’s desks were situated.  A step ahead of him, Lestrade turned around while he walked to continue speaking to John, looking down at the shorter doctor as they walked.
John knows that Sherlock thinks that he wants it fast and rough, wants to be shoved around and held down and used up.  He knows that Sherlock got a taste of it and was intrigued by it—but John knows Sherlock better than that.  He knows that Sherlock loves it when John whispers loving words to him softly while they have sex.  Sherlock loves it when John tells him that he is amazing and wonderful and gorgeous.  He loves it when John holds him like he is fragile, touches him like he is precious, looks at him like he is something special.  Because Sherlock is.  He is all of those things and so much more.  And John loves letting him know that just as much as Sherlock loves hearing it.  Because the praise just seems to turn Sherlock on even more.  Sherlock loves being brilliant and gorgeous and good at things.  He loves hearing how amazing he is.
But the officer would not be swayed.
Sherlock proudly presents John with his tea as the older man sits down warily in the chair across the table, eyeing the younger boy as Sherlock smiles widely at him.
Then, of course, there are the experiments.  God, the experiments….
It amazes him, the things they can do to each other, the force of their feelings for one another.  It is frightening to know each holds the other’s happiness so firmly in his hands.
John’s neck is starting to hurt from the sharp angle of looking straight up at Sherlock but he doesn’t try to stand.  He just brings his hands up, running them along the sides of Sherlock’s long legs, his hips, his stomach.  “I trust you, Sherlock,” John tells him.  “Implicitly.  Before, when I felt jealous, it was because… I didn’t know how deeply you loved me.  I didn’t know that you were going to want me in your future, after you finished school, and I was always so scared that you would end up leaving me.”  He thinks about earlier that morning, when Sherlock had come up to him in this very flat and talked about starting a life with him, about wanting John there with him, about not leaving him behind.  “But now that I know how much you care about me, that you’ll still want me even after you graduate and go off to uni…I trust you to never hurt me like that.”
, he thinks to himself as he glances into a bowl on the worktop.  Even though he doesn’t take sugar in his tea, he thinks he may need to this time, depending on how long the tea bags have been floating around Sherlock’s kitchen before he sets one of them to brew in his cup.
A scoff from Mary interrupts him.  She follows it up with a derisive, “Oh, John, come off it.”
“You think you have so much self-control over your emotions, over the way you act and behave?” John asks him as he slides his shirt up the mattress into the spot where he wants it, halfway up the bed.  He then pulls Sherlock up off of his back, flipping the boy over and putting him none too gently onto his hands and knees, hovering above John’s shirt, his face shoved inches from it.  “We’ll see about that,” he says lowly, voice a deep rumble as he stares appreciatively at Sherlock’s position, arse in the air, shoulders pressed low to the mattress, just barely managing not to brush it.  “I’m going to finger you open and then fuck you, just like this, and I want my shirt to look exactly as it does right now when I’m done with you, do you understand?  I don’t want a single crease in it, I don’t want it moved at all,” he orders, tone turning stern.  “If you touch it even a little bit, you’ll be punished.  All right?”
When he answers the phone with a curt, “Hello,” though, he can tell by the sound of her voice that she is not calling to complain about a small problem with the papers.
He was very inclined to agree with John for once, and he lifted his head to place another small kiss on John’s forehead, where a small red mark was growing from the pressure of Sherlock’s own head against him.  John wrapped his arm about Sherlock’s waist and tightened his grip, his fingers brushing along Sherlock’s waist in a tantalizing sort of way that sent shivers up Sherlock’s body.
He directs Sherlock towards the table, half-clean of its usual mess of unopened post and medical or forensic journals.  It doesn’t take John long to finish up making the cheese toast, and when it is ready he puts it on a plate and makes Sherlock sit before setting the meal in front of him.
“Only a few times, and never with anyone else,” Sherlock answers him, not looking him in the eye.  It’s not that he is ashamed, it’s just that he doesn’t want to chance seeing disappointment on John’s face, the way so many other sexual partners have looked when they have wanted to return the favor to Sherlock and bring him to completion.
.  It is John’s job to teach Sherlock how to love and care for him by loving and caring for Sherlock himself.  And if Sherlock’s desire to want to do this for John is any indication, the man thinks he may just have done something right.
“What is that supposed to mean?” John asks, shaking his head in confusion because he feels like Sherlock is purposefully talking in riddles, trying to confound him with words.  Even though he’ll never admit it out loud, Sherlock is so much keener, so much more intuitive than John can ever hope to be.  John feels like there is more to Sherlock’s words, something deeper that they should be talking about, a bigger problem that needs to be addressed.  But John is an idiot and a coward, and Sherlock doesn’t know how to properly talk about his feelings.
“He knocked on the door about a half hour ago,” she tells John lowly.  “Said that he was having some sort of issue.  A personal home issue that he only felt comfortable talking to you about or something.  Said that you really know how to help the other students deal with their problems, and he was hoping you could help him out, too.  Poor little duck,” she says, throwing Sherlock a sympathetic look out of the corner of her eye.  “I let him come in and wait for you.  I couldn’t send him away.  He looked so sad.”
“Well, I guess there’s a lot of things you haven’t bothered learning about me lately,” the blonde man said stuffily, as the world swam in his vision and he suddenly had to reach a hand out to steady himself against the wall.
He thinks it odd that she has waited until the end of the day to stop by and ask him this, when he could have been having problems beforehand, but he pushes that thought aside.  “Yeah, good, great,” he whispers back, a little awkwardly.  The students themselves have been undisruptive and well-behaved, but he just doesn’t know if this field of work is something that he can stay interested in for long.  He has never wanted to live his life behind a desk.
When the door opens, it is to reveal an older woman, looking very put-together in a smart, solid coloured plum dress with matching stockings, makeup done subtly and a kind smile on her face.  It seems to take her a moment to recognise the teenager standing on her doorstep, and John has to wonder just how much Sherlock has changed in the year since he has been out of rehab.  The doctor guesses even a few months of good, healthy living can make a difference, especially when you are young and your body is in its vital growing stages.  Either way, Mrs. Martha Hudson seems to like what she sees immensely, because her smile goes from politely small to manically joyful as she remembers the face of the boy before her.
.  My
“Do you like that?” John thrusts into him, deep, lifting Sherlock up with his hips and letting him fall back onto John’s fingers, angling him so that John rubs up against the sensitive nub of his prostate with each thrust.  “Feel good?”
John gets lost in the feel of Sherlock’s body above his own and forgets all of that.
When John closes the door and locks it behind Sherlock, the two stand silently in the entryway staring at each other.  Neither one of them knows what to say to the other, and it is awkward in a way that it hasn’t been in a long time.  John doesn’t know exactly what he should be doing—what Sherlock wants him to do.  Should they have breakfast first?  Should they sit and talk about what is going to happen?  Or does Sherlock not care about any of that?  Does Sherlock want to do this immediately, no more putting it off?
“All right, now?” he asks, a small smile playing on his lips as he continues looking on at Sherlock hugging his bee happily.
“As I’m sure you well know, Mr. Holmes,” McNairn said, his voice a little harsh at being accused in such a way, “it is a lot harder to find people who are willing to go against the public majority and fight for a noble cause than it is to gather up an angry mob hell bent on telling you that you are living your life wrong. Is that not right?”
“You’re doing so well, you’re such a good boy,” he whispers praise against Sherlock’s sweat-slicked skin, lapping at the perspiration.  “God, you have no idea how beautiful you are, taking my finger like this.”
John barks out a laugh at that, no longer able to contain it.  They can joke around about it because they know that nobody is really “in charge”.  That’s what safe words, rules, but most importantly, respect and trust, are all about.  “Prat,” he chides tenderly, his hand coming up to card through Sherlock’s tousled hair, getting caught in a tangle.  He wonders if Sherlock will let him comb through it today.  He seems to be deep enough in his headspace right now that he might allow it if John were to ask nicely enough.
The first morning that Mary is home again is strange.  John feels thrown-off by the presence of his wife back in their house, by someone who is
and a cringe.
“Good luck with this, Mr. Holmes,” he said as Sherlock reluctantly reached out to grasp his hand and shake it.  “You are a brave man, knowing what you want so decisively.”  Sherlock gave the doctor’s hand a quick shake and let it go as soon as he could, staring at the older gentleman before him as he continued to speak to Sherlock.
He is extremely relieved when the kid miraculously obeys him and doesn’t text him for the rest of the day.
“To London, with your little teacher’s aide?” she sneers, voice cold and mocking.
,” John orders him, tone going harsh and commanding.  That seems to get Sherlock’s attention, and he turns as best he can in John’s arms, because John isn’t letting him go, not even a little bit.
But Sherlock acts as if he hasn’t heard John at all.  He walks towards the bed, shedding clothes as he goes until he is completely naked by the time he reaches John.  Sherlock lifts the duvet and settles down into the bed next to the older man, seemingly unaware that John has not budged up to give him any room.  When Sherlock tries to wrap his arms around John to push him into lying down with him, the man finally comes to his senses.
“You’re going to be a handful once you’ve figured out how to wrap me around your little finger, you know that?” he teases with a cheeky smile, licking his lips lightly.  “I have to be honest with you: I can hardly wait for that.”  It is the truth.  When could he ever say “no” as long as Sherlock is involved?
“Yeah, I am,” John responds, nibbling at Sherlock’s soft skin.  “You look so pretty when I’m sucking your cock, but you’re absolutely fucking gorgeous when I make you flush like this,” John tells him.  “You have no idea what I want to do to you.  I want to kiss you all over, make you wetter.”  Sherlock whimpers at this and John grins against his skin.  “I love the sounds that you make, they’re so beautiful,” he says.  “You sound even better when my tongue is on you, opening up your arse.”  John shows Sherlock just want he means, licking softly at Sherlock’s tight hole and making him cry out.
John put his paper down on the coffee table, interested.  “Are you sure, Sherlock?  Sometimes it’s hard to tell the difference.”
Against his better judgment, Sherlock loosened his grip on his shirt and let his head fall back against the headboard in resignation, shutting his eyes against John’s reaction as the doctor slowly began to unbutton his shirt, pulling apart the two pieces of material to expose Sherlock’s flesh underneath.
So predictable, Mycroft was.
He saw John reach a hand over to the cart that he had grabbed the baby out of, still half asleep, as if it was nothing more than habit, and when the blonde man’s hand touched nothing in the hospital-issue crib, Sherlock saw John snap awake, alert in an instant.  He eyes automatically went to Sherlock, sitting up in the bed holding their son, and a glorious smile split his face, so deep and wide that the small dimples he had by the corners of his lips appeared.
There was movement from behind the curtain, and a nurse—the front of her blue gown stained a disgusting bright red—walked quickly to one side of the O.R, to Sherlock’s left.  He followed her with his eyes and tried to comprehend the still, quiet bundle of blood and fluid in her arms.
“Was it because of—” he started, but John cut him off, knowing where he was going.
The brunet moves up to kneel on the mattress and turns towards John, bringing his large hands up to push at John’s shoulders.  Sherlock twists John’s body around to face him and gently moves John down onto the bed so that he is lying on top of the duvet.  Sherlock follows him down, crawling on top of him until he is straddling John, knees on either side of John’s hips and mouth lowering to brush his lips over the older man’s, barely touching.
John smiled, because Greg’s words made him feel so light-hearted and happy.  Giddy, almost.  Strange.
“But they get a reward for being good,” Sherlock argues, pouting and grinding against John.  The man’s head reels from the innocent words Sherlock is speaking and the sinful things his body is doing.  “I was good, wasn’t I?” he asks John as he bends low and presses open mouthed kisses to John’s neck, sticky with semen and sugar.
problem.  No one else’s.  Not even mine.”
Across the table from him, the brunet can’t seem to contain himself any longer.  Sherlock laughs jovially at John’s discomfort.
He thinks.
, he thinks suddenly.  John makes a mental note to buy some groceries the next time he comes over but quickly pushes the thought aside for the problem at hand.  “Don’t lie to me,” John growls out lowly, tugging Sherlock easily around so that he is facing John once again.  “You look like hell.”
John stared at him for a long second, dark eyes boring into him in the dim light from the yellow bulb above their heads, and Sherlock knew that he had said the wrong thing again, just like usual; done the wrong thing and been the wrong person.  “Is that as good as it’s going to get, then?” John asked him, the tone of his voice mirroring the look in his eyes, emotionless, loveless…done.  “You’re not sick of me, and you expect that to make everything better?  To fix everything?”
But if Sherlock understands that he has once again done something a little off of normal social standards, he doesn’t seem to care.  He simply stares at John and waits patiently for an answer.
“Come on, then, let me clean you up.”
“It is difficult to do prenatal examinations on male patients because they do not have a birth canal that we can examine to be sure everything in the embryo’s temporary home is okay.”  The head physician was attending him yet again, and Sherlock found that he was somewhat grateful for that.  He didn’t think his already-frayed nerves could stand anyone else poking about him.  “For now, we can only see what the camera brings up from the rectal exam, and what we can find in the general physical and blood samples we will take again.”
Sherlock hums happily and wiggles his bum against John’s groin contentedly.  John reaches across Sherlock once more to turn off the bedside lamp and the room is thrown into a sudden semi-darkness.  A faint glow filters in through the window from where Sherlock forgot to close the drapes, but John doesn’t mind; he can see Sherlock’s face like this and he thinks that he might enjoy watching the boy sleep for a while.
“Don’t care,” is Sherlock’s flippant response.
“Oh, are you opening the gifts now?” Mrs. Hudson’s voice called out, from a few feet away, forgetting that she seemed to be in the middle of a conversation with Dr. Greewhich.
John frowns at Sherlock’s back.  “You?” he asks skeptically.  “You’re sixteen years old and you can’t even keep your milk from going funny.”
“Take me,” Sherlock replies, reaching down with both hands and grabbing his arse cheeks, spreading himself open for John.  The man groans at the sight and doesn’t waste one more moment simply staring.  He moves his hips forward and presses into the body of Sherlock below him.
Lestrade chuckled at Sherlock’s statement, but the sound held no mirth.  “No, you don’t need anything from me,” he agreed.  “But I can’t stand by and let you smother the life out of him the way you tried to smother yourself.  I care about him too much.”
John sighed before answering him, because the response was the same, and Sherlock knew that he knew that.  “They are releasing you both tomorrow.  Now, settle down and just try to enjoy your last day here.  Think of it as being on vacation.  A vacation where they serve you really horrible food.”
“He gets bored,” Mycroft says suddenly into the silence that surrounds them.  “A mind like his, it is unappeasable.  He is always bored.  That’s why he tries so hard to find something in his life to stimulate himself.”  The two men continue to stare at one another, sizing each other up.  “He’s an addict,” the elder Holmes continues, and his tone is amicable, like he is talking about something inconsequential over afternoon tea.  “He will always be an addict.  But what he’s really addicted to, Dr. Watson, is risk.  He’ll do anything, anything at all, to stop being bored.  To feel that thrill.  What do you think is going to happen once there is no more risk involved in being with you?” Mycroft asks, raising his eyebrows.  “Once the excitement has gone out of it?  Do you honestly think he’s going to stick around?”
Sherlock, right then and there.  Having to take him, to feel Sherlock pressed up against him, close to him.  It didn’t matter that they were in the middle of a fucking coffee shop; it didn’t matter that they were in public, where they could easily get caught.  So easily.  The thought of how simple it would have been for someone to see them makes John sick now, in retrospect.  He knows how lucky they were that they weren’t seen, during or afterwards, with their clothes a mess and Sherlock’s hair frizzy and tangled, his cheeks flushed a pretty red from his orgasm.  John knows it was stupid of him, so unbelievably stupid and incredibly reckless.  Sitting on the cold, hard floor of his loo, thinking back on what happened—away from Sherlock and the overwhelmingly heady feel of him—John can’t believe he did any of that.  His mind can’t come to terms with it.  A wave of self-disgust rolls over him, bringing with it a roiling bout of nausea.
John hates forcing Sherlock to do anything he doesn’t want to, but sometimes the child just doesn’t know what is good for himself.  John doesn’t know the last time that Sherlock ate a decent meal, something that wasn’t just biscuits or crisps.  He reaches a hand out to cup Sherlock’s face gently, running his fingers down Sherlock’s neck before letting his hand trail lower, down the lean chest and over to his tum, worryingly thin even under his clothing.
Big thanks to my betas, A_Solitary_Cyclist and Indelible_Ink!  Title is taken from the Adele song of the same name.
He lounged back on the pillow-top mattress and pushed back against the plush feather pillows, sighing heavily.  “I could get used to this,” he said sleepily, feeling the day’s stresses start to slip away, even if only slightly.
“It’s just, I always see you smoking whenever you aren’t in school,” he says, because if he doesn’t do something to make this conversation seem more normal it will turn into something awkward and uncomfortable.  “It’s not healthy, you know.”
He sat in the back of the ambulance, on the tailgate because he would not allow them to put him onto the gurney and be pushed completely into the truck.  He had given in to the stupid, useless blanket that they had wanted to put over him—what
Yes, he’s definitely lost his mind.
Sherlock shakes his head silently, chin still trapped between John’s fingers and his eyes wide.
The other man was right, of course.  And Sherlock had to remind himself that John didn’t have the same mental and physical prowess that Sherlock himself had—of course John’s weaker, untrained mind and body would need more of those basic necessities than Sherlock’s.
’ was the unasked question sitting on the tip of John’s tongue that hung between them in the cold air that surrounded them.
“You won’t, John,” the brunette man reassured, reaching out to stop John’s pacing when he came close to the bed, grasping the doctor’s arm softly and pulling John towards him.  “You’re here now, and that’s what really matters,” he said, lifting his arms to wrap them around John’s body, and he felt the tension begin to leave John as Sherlock held him close.  “I can take care of myself in the moment—I can shoot a gun and kill a man and keep myself safe.  But it’s afterwards that I need you, John, to hold me together and pick up the pieces.”
John tried to ask what exactly Sherlock meant by that, but when he felt Sherlock pull his zip down and reach inside his pants to cup at the bare flesh of his cock, he couldn’t think straight any longer.
With a resigned sigh, he walked over to the door and buzzed.  The detective answered after only a minute.
John nods his head once, steeling his resolve and squaring his shoulders.  “Right, then.”  He reaches out to grab Sherlock by the shoulders, turning the teen to face him straight on.  “Go to your room and pack your stuff, Sherlock—whatever you don’t want to leave behind,” he tells him.  “Don’t come back out until I call you.”
Just a wasted half of an afternoon, and a particularly difficult-to-deal-with Sherlock.
Of course, John knows he is no treat to live with, either.
He continues to shift over Sherlock, thinking about what he should say next to cover the uncomfortable silence.  Sherlock, however, stuns him into stillness when he lifts himself up into a sitting position, John straddling his lap, and raises his head to kiss the gnarled skin of John’s scar.   Despite just telling Sherlock that he can’t really feel anything, the gentle touch against the puckered flesh is strangely electric, sending a shock through John.  Sherlock’s lips softly trace over the bumps and ridges of rough scar tissue and then ghost along the raised white striations of skin which had incorrectly healed, needing to be cut and sewn back together again.
Sherlock looks scared and lonely and so completely heartbroken.
“Yeah,” he answers, dropping his hand back down to the table.  “For me.”
Sherlock knew it was going to be a good day when he decided to get dressed in regular clothes (and not stay in his pajamas for as long as he could) before he was even called about a case.
The mob outside was growing bigger and bigger as the minutes ticked away.  A few police officers were patrolling the perimeter—Sherlock could see them through the large glass windows of the office building—but there were far too many people for the handful of cops.  If the mob decided to get violent, there would be no stopping them.  Sherlock understood the fact that Scotland Yard was dividing all of their agents between the other clinics in London, but still, it made him slightly mad: there were innocent civilians in the doctor’s office that had nothing to do with the reason the mob was outside.
“I should be mad at you, you know,” John whispers against the bite, kissing it softly.  He loves to see his marks all over Sherlock’s body.  “Why aren’t I mad at you?”
, John wonders, but out loud he responds, “Sherlock, it’s the middle of the night.  I can’t meet you.  Why did you phone me?”
“Sherlock,” he says on a relieved sigh and moves towards the teen.  He hasn’t realised how worried he has been until he is able to see for himself that Sherlock is indeed safe and doing well.  He reaches the table quickly and has to stop himself from giving his student a hug when he comes near him.  Instead he falls heavily into the chair next to Sherlock, grinning like a fool.
As the kettle comes to a boil, John rummages around in Sherlock’s kitchen and finds two clean cups, some untainted sugar, and a box of unopened biscuits that he had brought with him the other day, which Sherlock had forgotten about.  He makes Sherlock’s tea just the way he likes it and walks back to the bedroom, crawling into bed beside a silently waiting Sherlock after carefully placing the cups on the bedside table.
?!” he practically shouts at the him.  John can’t believe that Sherlock thinks that he is blindly throwing out facts in hopes of finding one that can stick.  It’s ridiculous.  All of these are perfectly legitimate reasons to call this whole thing off, to stop it at once.  But Sherlock breaks down each one in that way of his, shattering all pretexts of reason into a million pieces.
Mike makes his way over to John and slides into a seat next to him.  When the bartender looks over to see if Mike wants his usual, the brown haired man just shakes his head.  “Why did you want to meet me so late on a bloody school night?” he asks John, glaring at the shorter man as John shoves some more chips in his mouth to try to avoid answering the question for a second longer.
And it’s been marvellous.
Sherlock huffed in annoyance. “You have no idea,” he confessed in a whisper. “You can’t leave again. I don’t think I would be able to function properly.”
And then of course there is the gunshot wound.
John takes in the sight of Sherlock sitting in the tub surrounded by bubbles, gripping his bath toy, and he can’t help the indulgent, loving grin that spreads across his face.  “Is this what you needed, then, love?” John asks him suddenly, and he knows that Sherlock knows he isn’t talking about the toy any longer.
John stares at the back of Sherlock’s curly head in utter surprise and shock.  He can’t believe that Sherlock has to even ask him that.  “Sherlock,” he says, at a loss.  “No, darling.  Of course not.
John exhales, upset, and he’ll readily admit that a small part of it is aimed at Sherlock.  Of course he’s primarily angry that those fucking tossers down at the Met treat Sherlock this way, and he’s upset that no one down there can see how amazing and brilliant the teen is.  But he knows that there isn’t really much he can do about that, short of storming down there and giving them a piece of his mind, like some ridiculously over-protective mother-hen.  Jesus, he can only imagine how that would go over with Sherlock.  But he’d be lying if he said that a part of him isn’t also frustrated that Sherlock still insists on trying to keep John at arm’s length about things like this.  He is hurt at the fact that, when Sherlock has a problem or feels badly, his first instinct isn’t to come to John to feel better, but to run away and hide by himself.  John is saddened by the thought that, even now, trying to get Sherlock to talk to him and confide in him, trying to get Sherlock to let John comfort him, is like pulling teeth.
“You shouldn’t look at yourself that way, you know,” Sherlock whispers to him as he tucks John into the curve of his body, spooning the older man.  It is still slightly strange to John, to be held this way, to be coddled—especially by someone so much younger than him—but it is nice.  Comforting.  So he lets himself relax against Sherlock’s body, let’s himself be held.  “You’re beautiful and I love you, Daddy.  You’re the most handsome daddy anyone has ever had.”
John pulls back marginally, so that Sherlock can breathe again.  It is just a small backwards shift of his hips, leaving most of his cock still in Sherlock’s mouth.
Sherlock says in a small voice over the line, but John breaks through his ramble.
“Should I tell you not to clean up after I’m done using you?” Sherlock whispers, and the words sound almost pained.  “Should I make you lie here, open and leaking, holding yourself up so that he can see what I’ve done to you?  The mess I’ve made of you?  So that he can see how you’ll let me do anything I want to you?”
But John doesn’t buy it.  Of course John doesn’t buy it.
End Notes: I have written a spin off series set in the same AU as The Burning Life, in which John and Sherlock explore the growing daddy kink aspect of their relationship more fully.  I have several stories already written for this series, and they all involve daddy kink.  I know a lot of people aren’t interested in that sort of thing, so that is why I decided to keep it separate from this story.  This way, it gives readers the option of reading about that particular kink or not.  The Burning Life will still only have a slight hint of this kink, really no more than you have already seen, and will not be affected by the spin off series at all.  So if you decide not to read the spin off, it won’t do a thing to TBL’s plotline.  I will be posting the first of these spin offs after chapter 26 or 27 of The Burning Life.  I will try to make TBL part of the series that I put the spin offs in, so I don’t know if subscribers will get emails notifying you when I post a spin off.  I’m not sure how the subscription thing is set up to work.  If you are interested in reading about the daddy kink part of John and Sherlock’s relationship, I would recommend you read the spin offs (shameless self-plug).  I think I have written them in a way that delves into the psychology of that particular kink, and isn’t just shameless, dirty smut (though there is plenty of that, too!)
When the water has reached the right level (hard to tell underneath all of the bubbles, but John thinks it’s good enough), he shuts off the taps and then turns to face Sherlock, holding out a hand.  “Come on, love.  Take off your pants and let Daddy help you into the bath.  I’ll rub some of the ointment on after you get out and dry off so that it will sting less.”
He stares down at the young man he is holding, looking into beautifully clear, sea-foam green eyes.  He thinks Sherlock looks like an angel right now and suddenly “love” seems like too trivial a term for what he feels; it is all-consuming, obsessive, and barely on the right side of sane.
John pulls his fingers from Sherlock and takes a ragged breath, fumbling with the bottle of lubricant once more as he slicks up his cock and rewets Sherlock’s loosened entrance.  Then he kneels in front of Sherlock, between his spread legs.  At this, though, Sherlock surges up suddenly, his mouth smashing against John’s without warning.  John is stunned motionless for a moment before he finds himself kissing back, Sherlock’s lips hungry and furtive against his own in a way he has not felt before.
“Greg, I can’t deal with this right now,” he complained, shaking his head to try to clear it. “Not with everything that’s been going on with Sherlock, and the pregnancy, and the newspapers. It’s just…”
Mrs. Hudson, hearing the racket outside through the open door, took that moment to walk down the hallway. “What’s going on out there, boys?” she asked, frowning.
“I don’t know why he hasn’t—he must be daft,” the detective said, moving away from the door behind John and towards his desk, but when he noticed that John wasn’t moving to take a seat in the guest chairs, Lestrade stopped short and turned instead to look at John, standing close to him.  “I’d notice you, no matter what.”
John catches Sherlock smoking on school grounds once, after the day is over.  The boy is sitting at the edge of the teacher’s car park, seemingly waiting for nothing.  There are hardly any vehicles left—it’s rather late in the day—and Sherlock simply sits on the pavement that borders the car park, staring off into the distance.  John has to walk by him to get to his vehicle, and as he comes closer he can’t help but frown at the boy and say, “You shouldn’t do that, Sherlock.  You’re on school property.”
“Mr. Holmes!!!”
“Sherlock, this all seems a little much.  How much money did you spend rebuilding Baker Street?”
me to do things that will be impossible for me,” Sherlock stresses, his cheeks flushed again but this time with a new level of distress that John doesn’t find the least bit arousing.  In fact, he is somewhat worried for Sherlock at the moment, so he tries to calm the brunet by stroking his neck soothingly.  “Otherwise I’ll always end up getting punished and I won’t enjoy playing this way.  The first two rules I don’t like overly much, although I think I can deal with them.  But I can’t will myself to eat when I physically won’t be able to, or to go to sleep when I’m just not tired.  It’s impossible.  If I’m going to do this for you, then you need to understand that,” Sherlock explains.
“You’ll get it, love,” John whispered, and Sherlock felt the words against his perineum in a hot puff of breath.
He had just left Bart’s, having spent the whole day in the morgue with Molly, dissecting a corpse, and wanted to stop by a pastry shop that was only a few blocks over to pick up a sweet before catching a cab back to Baker Street.  As the wind continued to blow around him, he thought that maybe it would have been better if he had just gone straight home, but a sudden voice shouting out cut off his train of thought.
He felt decidedly self-conscious about the whole thing, gripping the ends of his shirt together in clenched hands and refusing to meet John’s eyes as the blonde man stared at him incredulously.
So he reaches over and turns the tap of the sink on full and falls back onto the closed lid of the toilet, come-slick hand still wanking himself at a leisurely pace now, slowly.  He imagines that it is Sherlock touching him after he’s come, just the way the boy likes to.
A cold relief washed over him at hearing Sherlock’s unmistakable dulcet tone over the line.  He let out a great gasp of air and the end of his exhalation bubbled in something close to a maniacal chuckle at the feeling of hearing Sherlock’s voice.
“You did a good job of staking your claim,” he said through his reflection in the living room mirror over the mantelpiece the next afternoon, the comment directed at Sherlock as the brunette man sat idly in John’s red chair, long legs folded ridiculously against his lumpy body as he tried to squeeze his considerable height into the plush cushions.  He was still in his pajamas from that morning when John had left to go to work.
“What?” Sherlock asks, confused but closing the door.  “Who?  What are you doing here?”
know, though, is that Sherlock loves him.  If there is only one thing in this world that he is certain of, it is that.  It might be in an obsessive and slightly disturbing way, but there is absolutely no denying that Sherlock does love him.  John actually isn’t quite sure that he has ever been loved by anyone in such an all-consuming way.
“Yes, well, I knew you would like it.  How could you not?  I must say, I am on quite the winning streak lately aren’t I?  Success around every corner.  And, lucky me, I can finally toast to all my triumphs,” he said with a smug smirk.
A medical marvel, some hailed it as.  Others called it an abomination.
Sherlock shrugs, still not making any move to look at him or invite him closer, keeping himself closed off from John.  “You can do whatever you like.  You certainly did yesterday with your wife, and today as well when you came over.”
John’s voice suddenly cut through the silence of the flat, coming from the direction of the kitchen.
Mary is leaving first thing in the morning and they can’t help but want to take full advantage of their first day together—he and Sherlock agree to skive off of school and hope that no one thinks twice about their combined absences.  Sherlock has been gone for over a week now, though, so it won’t be conspicuous at all for John to miss a day.  (As Sherlock says, they are all idiots anyways, and he assures John that there is little chance of them being caught.)
He does not.
Sherlock didn’t move until the last sound of the final note died out completely, and when he turned around John was surprised to see tears streaking down his pale cheeks, cresting over his high cheekbones and falling down the smooth expanse of skin.
A/N: I know some of you may not be thrilled with where I took the boys in this chapter, but, personally, this is probably one of my favorite chapters in the story.  When I was writing it, their argument seemed to flow very naturally.  The song that this chapter is based off of is so beautiful, I ended up taking some lyrics straight out of it.  I would definitely encourage you to listen to it, there's a sense of desperation in the song that I think fits this chapter rather nicely.  Next up is ‘Masterpiece Theater III’ and the final one in the story!  Don’t worry, though—it is going to be long!
“That’s it, I can’t take it anymore.”
“You’re so good to me, John,” Sherlock is whispering against John’s mouth, the words warm and wet and soft.  “You’re the best thing that has ever happened to me.  Thank you for taking care of me.”
So John sighs and they catch the tube to a side of town that John hasn’t visited since he was on leave for the Army, and even then only with friends.  They make their way to a dirty little pub that John knows about, where the company isn’t great but the food is good and the beer is better.  As they approach the place, he can hear it before they even get to the door, and smell it not long after, and something in his stomach swoops in warning.  John looks over at Sherlock walking beside him, eagerly trying to make his way into the pub, and John wonders why he can’t ever seem to tell him “no”.
He is prepared to do anything for Sherlock.  Prepared to burn for him.  He always has been.  Sherlock is a raging fire, every single thing John could ever desire, calling out to him like a siren in the night.  And John is a man on a wire, risking all that he has for the love of his life.  It breaks his heart that Sherlock still thinks John will leave him.
“Are you fucking him, too?” John asks Sherlock, moving towards him.
“Out of the bed, John,” he heard Sherlock’s strident voice saying through the blackness, and he felt the hands push against him once more.
After a moment, he hears Sherlock come into the kitchen quietly.  He moves up behind John, wrapping his arms around the man’s waist and sticking his nose in the crook of John’s neck.  He inhales deeply, grumbling in pleasure at the scent.
John knows he will never give Sherlock up, not for any of those things that Sherlock wants him to have.  At this point, John might not even be able to give him up if it is Sherlock saying that it is what he wants.  John has never known a love like this in the entire 35 years of his life, and he knows that there are very few people out there who can claim that they have ever experienced anything like it; what he and Sherlock share is a love that is fire-tested, a love that is unbreakable and unconditional.
John sighed, frustrated and at a complete loss.  It was things like this that made his resolve towards Sherlock waver.  Small things that may not mean much when they happened every once in a while, but with Sherlock, all of these small things tended to snowball constantly, since they happened every few minutes.
“Is John Watson the father of your baby?”
But he had not come over here to get into a game of wits with them. He didn’t have the time, energy or the patience to rub the lack of necessary equipment to win such a game in their faces. No, he had come over for one thing and one thing only…
Sherlock lets out a small noise of affirmation.  “I’ve been cataloguing,” he says simply, as if that explains everything.
“It’s harder for your body to take in a third finger,” John says as he slips another finger in next to the first two, “but it tries so hard, I can feel it.”  The stretch is uncomfortable for a moment and Sherlock strains against the slight burn before remembering that it will be better if he bears down against it.  “You try so hard for me, it’s lovely,” John praises him and Sherlock works harder to loosen his muscles.  “You open up so slowly; I always have to be so careful not to hurt you.  But it’s always worth it to see you this way.  And when I find just the right spot,” John curls his fingers a certain way, searching, and he knows when he’s found what he is looking for as Sherlock cries out against the electric sparks of pleasure that shoot through his body and set everything alight, “you make the most perfect sound.  I always want to kiss you right then, so that I can swallow that sound down and keep it in me forever.”
“You know, Sherlock, this would never have worked out, anyways,” John said from the doorway, and Sherlock forgot how to breathe for a second.  “We were just fooling ourselves.  I’m surprised we lasted this long.  But this was bound to happen, sooner or later.  Because the bitter in you, and the quitter in me…its better than the both of us, Sherlock.  I wish it wasn’t, but it is.”
He helps Sherlock out of the tub and gives him a cursory pat-down with a towel from the rack, running it over his hair haphazardly in a way John knows will only cause tangles later as the curls dry, but he could care less.  He doesn’t even care that Sherlock is still wet; John pulls him out of the bathroom and pushes him down onto the bed as droplets of water fly off of him and the ends of his hair drip onto the duvet.  John is on top of him before Sherlock can say anything about it, though, covering the boy’s mouth with his own and bringing his hand back between them to stroke Sherlock’s cock once again.
John doesn’t think he has ever seen Sherlock so angry.  The sheer force of his fury and the deadly glint in his wicked eyes are enough to make John shut his mouth against the words that he wants to say.  Without a word, he simply turns on his heel and marches out of Sherlock’s house with what little dignity he has left underneath a fine layer of yeast and a goose egg caused by a stale scone.
“Shh, baby,” John whispers to him as he sets up a steady rhythm, thrusting his cock in between Sherlock’s thighs and wanking him in tandem.  “You have to keep quiet.  Understand?”
That just won’t do at all.
“Good,” the old doctor said, his smile once more coming back.  “Now, for the love of God, give me that doll before you make its head fall off.”
The muscle is dilated and loose, red and inflamed from the friction.  It shines wetly in the light of the classroom from lube and John’s come, a string of which has dribbled out and is slowly making its way down the boy’s perineum, slipping down his pale, trembling thigh as John watches it, transfixed.
“Put your fingers in your arse,” he said into the phone, his cock twitching in his hand as he pictured Sherlock preparing himself, knuckle deep into his own tight hole. “Stretch yourself wide so that you can take all of me.”
Once he was wheeled and placed into the large, brightly lit O.R, he couldn’t take it any longer.  His pride had left him long ago, months, it seemed now.  36 weeks.
Still, Sherlock groans at the feeling and squirms against the natural response of his body.  John shifts closer to him from behind and strokes his side soothingly.  “Shh, shh,” he says softly.  “Take it.  You can take it.  Good boy.”
He feels eyes on him, his soldier’s instincts screaming.  The room is dark, but the full moon shines in through the window that he forgot to shutter earlier in the day when he threw Sherlock’s cigarette out.  He lets his gaze rove over the shadows surrounding him as he lies still silently, trying to gauge the situation.
“Sherlock, I…I’m sorry,” he whispers.  He wants to reach out and pull Sherlock to him, hold him, never let him go, but he thinks that Sherlock would be completely justified in never wanting John to touch him again.  John feels like he has just lost the right to put his hands on this beautiful boy.  “I never thought…I’ll take it off, if it will make you feel better,” he states with a sudden fierce conviction.  “Whenever I’m with you—I’ll take it off every time.”  Any shame or remorse that he had thought he might feel by discarding his wedding ring while he is cheating on his wife is quickly pushed aside.  He’ll gladly take all of the guilt in the world if it means that Sherlock won’t have to feel repulsed with himself ever again.
John quickly shuts off the screen of his phone, face turning a magnificent shade of red.  Mary’s father looks over at him with some concern before asking, “All right, John?”
This is what John wanted, what John had been hoping for.  Every so often, John knows that Sherlock sinks so far into his headspace that he loses all ability and even all desire to focus and anticipate anything outside of their scene, in their normal lives.  Sherlock doesn’t think, his mind isn’t constantly racing like normal, he isn’t worrying or deducing or rationalising every thought that pops into his head.
Sherlock blushes bright red at that and seems to lose the ability to speak.  “Y-yes—all r-right—okay—”
“Yeah, right.  Okay,” Greg said, with a small sigh of disappointment.  His eyelids closed as he kept his face close to John’s for a second longer, as if he were trying to commit this moment to memory before he pulled away from John, putting a proper amount of distance between them once again.  When he had taken a few steps away from the blonde man, he gave John a look full of worry and trepidation.  “John, I’m sorry if I made this uncomfortable,” he said in a rush.  “That wasn’t what I meant at all.”
Taken aback by John’s sudden response, Lestrade held his empty hands up in submission.  “Okay, okay, sorry mate….You know I don’t mean anything by it.  It’s just a nickname everyone—”
He could only imagine what John thought of the past year.  He had had to fight his own battles, while Sherlock struggled with his, both separated and brought together by the same thing, by the same love they felt for each other and for their unborn child.
“You’re the one who shot holes in her wall all the time,” John reminded him quickly.
“Could we…can we go to your chair by the fireplace?” he asks quietly, biting his lip and looking down at the ground.
That perked John up, slightly.  “You’ve seen him?  He’s come to look at cases?”
He turned then, towards the door to the nursery and away from Sherlock, heading towards the door to leave…and Sherlock just let him.  He didn’t know what to say, what to do, to make John come back…so he did nothing, could do nothing.
“No, Mrs. Hudson, no holes this time,” John answered her, looking around the room at the mess the two of them had made. “We’re just…doing a bit of rearranging in my old bedroom, that’s all.”
“I just need to do a couple of things,” John mumbles against Sherlock’s mouth as he kisses him once more and then pulls away, leaning over to one of the bedside tables where a small bottle of hand lotion is laying.  Both Mary and her sister are religious in their nightly application of moisturiser before bedtime, and Mary had put this bottle in the guest room in anticipation of her sister’s first visit to their new home.
At this Sherlock couldn’t help but bristle, upset that John always tended to brush off issues with what was quickly becoming a fall back excuse.  “No, John,” he said angrily.  “This has nothing to do with hormones or cramps or backaches.  This has to do with you and Lestrade, plain and simple.”
When he has coated the flushed, engorged skin as well as he can he forgoes taking the whole thing in his mouth like he did before.  Instead, he drops himself lower to the floor so that he is shorter, curling in on himself, and positions his mouth right below John’s cock, his chin pressing gently against John’s balls.  Sherlock sticks his tongue out and tilts his head up, licking gently across John’s wrinkled sack and up to the base of his cock in a precise, calculated manner that doesn’t jostle the berry sitting precariously at the tip.  Then up some more, against the underside of John’s prick smoothly.  Up the shaft to the head of John’s cock, Sherlock licks a careful, straight, unbroken trail that leaves behind no evidence of the sticky juice that was spread over John’s prick.  His wicked little tongue wraps around the crown once more, taking the raspberry with it, and Sherlock moans as he pulls off, licking his lips hungrily.  He has fruit juice all over his mouth now, but he doesn’t seem to care in the slightest.
He presses his lips against Sherlock’s, because he doesn’t know what else to do; John kisses him desperately because he is afraid that none of this is real, that this will all slip away from him, and in the next instant he’ll be left with nothing.  Against his tongue, the flavour of Sherlock rises in his mouth, familiar and warm and beautiful.  Sherlock tastes like a chance, a risk, a new start.  He tastes like home.  And when John finally pulls away from him, he has found words, ineffectual as they may be.
When he is fully dressed once more, John quietly makes his way to the side of Sherlock’s bed and stares down at the sleeping teen.  He reaches a cautious hand out to brush Sherlock’s fringe away from his face so that he can see him better, and he frowns down at his lover in confusion.  He wants to wake Sherlock up and ask him about what just happened, what Sherlock was playing at.  But he knows that Sherlock needs the rest more than John needs answers to his questions—he doesn’t know the last time Sherlock had a decent sleep.
“Ring you?” the boy asks excitedly.
He turns to go, fighting the impulse to throw himself at Sherlock’s feet and wrap his arms around Sherlock’s waist, when the sound of a deep voice behind him makes him pause.
Thanks to Writing Keeper for the beta, and to Indelible_Ink for the beta and Brit-pick.  I think I might have, maybe, figured out Tumblr...maybe not...it's smarter than I am.  And there's too many things to click on, which I don't like.  But whatever, I just wanted to put up a couple of screenshots I took from the series for God's sake, because I thought they were a nice visual to go with the scenes I wrote!  Hopefully I hyperlinked them correctly in the text so that anyone who doesn't want to be distracted by pictures while reading doesn't need to be.  Thanks for reading!
home.  Tonight he came back steaming drunk.  You’d think I would have learnt by now—”
“Sh’lock?” John mumbled sleepily, sitting up and rubbing at his eyes.  “You awake?”
“So then everything is fine?” Sherlock urged, wanting to be sure, needing to know.  “There were no other complications?  He’s healthy?”
“I wouldn’t have had to do it if certain people could keep their hands to themselves,” Sherlock said distractedly, not even bothering to grace John with a look.  His gaze was instead intent on the telly, and the late afternoon soap opera that was just finishing up.
“You boys never got to meet my partner,” Dr. Greenwhich began with a clearing of his throat. “He died a few years ago. Three, actually, this coming November, long before I hired you and Dr. Watson here to help me when Mikayla got kidnapped. But, he was a wonderful man. The best.” There was a long pause as Dr. Greenwhich stared at his hands, resting in his lap, and Sherlock exchanged quizzical glances with John.
It doesn’t calm his nerves that Sherlock had obviously wanted it to happen, that Sherlock had indeed asked for it—
He sits on the edge of the sofa next to Sherlock, placing his bag on the coffee table.  He is careful not to touch Sherlock because he isn’t sure how it will be received at the moment.  Sometimes Sherlock desperately wants John’s comfort and John’s support, and other times Sherlock finds John’s care to be patronising and even smothering.  John has learned that it is in his best interest to figure out what Sherlock’s moods are caused by and the safest route to proceed before he does or says anything, though he is pretty sure he knows what has caused this particular downward spiral.
The man knows that he is too old to be doing immature things like this, things like calling in sick to work just to spend the day with his lover.  But when Sherlock suggests the idea, John doesn’t think twice about it.  He wants to have as much time with Sherlock as he possibly can, damn the childishness and irresponsibility of it.
As usual, the coffee shop was empty when he came in earlier, and the annoying little bell that is attached to the door has not rung at all since he sat down at the back of the shop, at their normal table.  John knows that only the barista is in the building with them, and she had disappeared into the back room some time ago.  There is no fear of someone catching them together, so John takes the opportunity to savour the moment.  He reaches out both hands to gently clasp Sherlock’s face along his cheeks and indulges in the desire he had earlier.  John lets the soft pads of his thumbs sweep across Sherlock’s smooth cheekbones while his middle fingers caress the sensitive patch of skin right in front of Sherlock’s earlobes on either side of his head.
John pushed those particular thoughts away; he didn’t want to think about them right now.  He didn’t want to think about them ever again.
“Well, Mr. Holmes,” Dr. Greenwhich said, pulling off his latex examination gloves with a loud snap and turning in his little swivel stool to face the brunette man.  “Everything is looking good.”  He pulled out Sherlock’s medical chart and jotted down a few notes, looking back over the papers when he was done, to see Sherlock’s progress.  “I’m delighted with the weight you’ve been gaining—I thought you were going to be one of those problem pregnancies who couldn’t stomach any food,” he chuckled softly to himself, at some small, unknown inside joke.  “But according to your growth chart, you are right on track.  Most delighting to see.”
“John, what are you doing?” Sherlock asks, glancing around the corridor and keeping his voice low.  John is glad one of them still has the presence of mind to be careful, because he surely can’t seem to manage it right now.
“He will not,” Sherlock said with all the conviction he could muster from his tired body, but his voice shook in betrayal.
After everything that has happened over the past several days, they slip easily into one another and it feels right, like missing pieces of a puzzle finally coming together.  Like shelter and comfort and belonging.  He feels whole again, he feels complete.  John would do anything to keep Sherlock here with him like this, safe under him and tight around him.
, another human
It was a deep sense of foreboding, and a fear that couldn’t quite be explained.
“Jesus, Sherlock,” John moans.  He can’t believe how aroused both of them have become over something as stupid as John feeding the boy.  It’s ridiculous.  Have they no shame?  John shakes his head, trying to clear it and focus on the purpose that he had at the beginning of this whole thing: he just wanted Sherlock to eat something.  Nothing more.  This was just supposed to be a quiet, filling meal.  “No,” John says, shaking his head again.  “I—”
“How is that even possible?” John asked, disbelieving.  He moved about the room, getting undressed and digging through a shopping bag that sat among many others on the floor of their new bedroom.  The two men had gone shopping for more clothes the other day and had yet to put anything up into the dressers that were in the guest room.  John just couldn’t seem to bring himself to do that—it felt too permanent for his taste, and he was sure that Sherlock felt the same way.  When he had rifled through the bag for a moment, he finally pulled out a new set of pajamas and proceeded to put them on as he listened to Sherlock speak.
As usual, he bowed to John’s P.R advice in situations like this and did as he was told.  He ripped the wrapping paper off of the small box and dug his finger into one end of the cardboard, opening it and sliding the metal frame out, letting it fall into his waiting hand.
crumples in concern.
“Hardly,” Sherlock said with a scoff and a frown.  Then, “Caulton.”
And while John consoled him after each fruitless venture to feel the baby, not really understanding why Sherlock got so disappointed, the brunette man couldn’t help the frustration that continued to grow the longer John went without feeling what he was feeling.
“Milk,” Sherlock repeated, and through the static of the line and his own breathing as he continued to run relentlessly towards the man who was speaking to him, he could hear that Sherlock’s deep baritone voice was somewhat flat sounding and distant.  “We were out, and I wanted to do something for you, so that you could see that I’m not completely selfish, like you…like you said I was,” he finished in a whisper, and he sounded slightly out of breath himself.  “So I went to Tesco’s to get some milk.”
“Sherlock, our son is crying,” John repeated, a look of incredulity on his face as he tugged on his trousers, frowning at the man still sitting up in bed.
, he thought frantically,
John doesn’t care, either.
“I can do that,” John said as he kissed Sherlock, a soft kiss, full of promise and safety.  “For both of you.”  He trailed a line of kisses down Sherlock’s neck, to his chest over the brunette’s shirt and down farther still, over the mound of Sherlock’s belly.  He explored the man’s rounded abdomen for a long while, pressing hot, wet kisses along the top by his belly button, and further down to his lower abdomen, where the bottom of his stomach met his pubic bone.
“You sound crazy, getting suspicious over every little thing that you
Christ, no.  He can’t.  He
He what?  He liked him, too?  He wanted someone other than Sherlock to be everything that he needed?  He wanted the man to keep kissing him?
For the first time Mycroft’s words seem to rouse the teen and Sherlock scoffs and makes an irreverent twitch of his shoulders, as if the idea is just ridiculous.
He stands slowly, settling Sherlock on his feet.  He drops one last kiss on Sherlock’s lips as he tugs at the boy’s hand and pulls him towards his en suite while he says, “Come here, kitten.  Let’s get you cleaned up.”
After John left, Sherlock had stomped about the flat angrily, picking up his violin but not able to draw anything out of it other than an off-key sound that shook with too much vibrato as his body trembled with frustration and rage.
John pushes a third finger into Sherlock, stretching him widely at a speed that seems too slow but that he simultaneously worries may be too fast.  He doesn’t ever want to hurt Sherlock, yet even though he has fucked Sherlock almost nonstop for the past two days, it seems like John can’t ever wait long enough to make sure he is properly stretched before wanting to slide his cock into him.  But John forces himself to take a deep breath and slow down.  He rubs his hand up along Sherlock’s shaft and across his groin, up Sherlock’s soft belly and over his side soothingly as John continues to stretch and prep him for just a little while longer.  John watches the younger male closely as Sherlock writhes against his hands, face flushed and lips swollen and red from his teeth.
“John, I…” he begins, but doesn’t know how to continue, because while he certainly is on the edge, he is also most certainly staying right there, teetering, but not falling over.  He whines in frustration.
The barista just shrugs as if to say it doesn’t matter to her one way or the other and totals up the single cupcake.  She hands it to John and the man immediately grabs his cane as he heads towards the door and exits the shop, Sherlock following behind him confusedly.
“It really couldn’t,” the smaller man says with a shake of his head and a mocking smile, raising his chin and tensing his body for a fight.  John pitches his tone to meet Mycroft’s, dangerous and deadly.  He levels Sherlock’s brother with a hard, unblinking stare which Mycroft returns effortlessly, his contempt for John seeping through unconstrained now.
The most beautiful part of Sherlock’s body, aside from his gorgeous mind, John thinks, is his cock.
She doesn’t have to say it because he knows it, deep down, where it wears at him and eats away at his pride, his self-esteem, his will.  She doesn’t have to say it, but even if she did, John wouldn’t argue with her because she is right, she is right about all of it, and he doesn’t have the strength to fight her anymore.
John opens his mouth to answer with some smart-arse comment, tired of being yanked around by Mycroft, but what comes out instead is the honest truth.  “Because he’s worth it, Mycroft.  He’s worth all of this and so much more.  Only no one’s ever showed him that before.”
Sherlock sighs around him and sucks, pressing his tongue along the underside and dragging it down as John pushes farther into him.  John’s hands still cup his face, feeling the way Sherlock’s cheeks hollow as he sucks him.  It is beautiful.
A part of John doesn’t believe him, but he can see that Sherlock doesn’t want to be coddled right now so he reluctantly lets the subject go.  “Yeah, all right,” he says warily, giving the boy one more good looking over just to be sure there are no new marks or bruises.  When he is satisfied with Sherlock’s state he asks with a smile, “So what have you been doing with yourself on your impromptu holiday from school?”
With a relieved sigh, John gently releases his hold on Sherlock, keeping his hands on the teen’s body softly for a few more minutes until John knows for sure that Sherlock has actually fallen asleep.  Then he walks silently across the room to turn off the light, turning on the bedside lamp so that he can easily check up on Sherlock a few times before he leaves without disturbing his slumber.
If Greg noticed the slight movement, the only indication he gave of his disapproval was a hard set of his lips and another rude remark towards the consulting detective.  “Come on then, Sherlock.  Astound us, like old days.  But be quick about it, I’ve got a lot of paperwork to finish up.”
Sherlock’s skin feels like it’s about to burst apart, come open at the seams.  There is a build-up of pressure that is going nowhere, a dam of arousal that is keeping him from completion and he
“We shouldn’t be doing this,” John tells him, meaning it.  Meaning it more than he’s ever meant anything in his life.  “I know we shouldn’t be doing this and yet…I can’t
No surprise there.
The cold wood underneath Sherlock’s torso is unforgiving as John pushes the boy into it.  His thrusts increase in force as the pleasure rises, and John tightens his grip on Sherlock’s sides.  He slides his hands around to Sherlock’s stomach and presses back gently, pulling Sherlock backwards so that he is no longer leaning forward on the dirty table but standing up, pressed flush up against John’s chest now.  Sherlock balances precariously on his feet as John fucks into him from behind, and Sherlock’s hands on the edge of the table are the only thing keeping them from falling forward.  One of John’s hands trails teasingly up his lover’s stomach, over a hard nipple and upwards still to grab his chin, turning his head so that John can reach Sherlock’s lips.
No, John decides as the water in the kettle continues to heat.  There are just too many variables right now.  Too many things that can go wrong.  It’s not the right time to think about leaving his wife.  Dwelling on the idea will only hurt, so it is best if he just stops thinking about it.
Sherlock meets John’s gaze briefly before flushing and looking away again.  “You don’t think that I’m just some freak, some deviant who can’t get off without playing a disturbing game?”
When John has removed his fingers from the teen’s body, Sherlock wraps his arms around him and tries to manoeuvre them to sit more comfortably on the desk, but John won’t have it.  He sets Sherlock’s feet down on the floor and moves to get up, then takes the boy to bed and lays him down.  Sherlock reaches out a hand to drag John to lie down next to him, but the man moves away with a soft smile and a lingering caress to Sherlock’s face.
Thankfully, a few days later Sherlock found his reprieve.  The pain in his abdomen finally began to subside until it was nothing more than a dull ache, constant and nagging—especially when he over-exerted himself—but nothing that was intolerable.  As he began to feel the energy to get out of bed return, he knew his body was gearing up for the next step in the process: ovulation.
, John,” Sherlock murmurs from the pillows, voice breathy already.
John is afraid that if he opens his mouth something embarrassing, sentimental, and wholly inappropriate will come out, so instead he takes a deep breath and holds it until he thinks he can manage to talk and not say something unsuitable.
, John thinks.
Wrapped once more in the warm circle of his arms in bed, John feels Sherlock shrug noncommittally.  They have never talked much about Sherlock’s drug use, and with good reason: John doesn’t like to think about Sherlock hurting himself or feeling so alone that he thought drugs were the only option he had, and Sherlock doesn’t like to remember that there was a time when he had not been able to take care of himself.
For this, all it meant to Sherlock was that he was in a type of pain that no one, man or woman, had yet to experience this side of the medical revolution.  Caught between the two worlds of an everyday, run of the mill Caesarian, and a just-as-common appendectomy, neither of which were as normal as they would appear to be.
Sherlock gives him a curious look from across the table, something that John can’t put a name to.  It seems to be a strange mixture of confusion and wariness but also interest and pleasure, as if he is intrigued and flattered by the question at the same time.  “I know it’s fine,” he tells John, cautiously.
That draws John up short.  He is angry with Sherlock, yes, but he hadn’t meant for his words to come out that way; he hadn’t wanted Sherlock to take them to mean that loving him is more of a burden than anything else.  “Sherlock, I…” he begins, but he doesn’t know what to say, his anger melting away suddenly and leaving behind a sickening kind of guilt.  “You know why I love you,” he answers instead, evading the question.
“So,” Mike says, jarring John from his memories and bringing him back to the present, to the dingy little pub the two are sitting in.  “Who is he, then?”
“John.  John, wake up,” he nudged the man one night, a couple of days after he had first woken up.  It was the dead middle of the night, but Sherlock barely noticed it.  He had been up for a while now, woken from a nap by the constant parade of nurses that came into his hospital room to check his stats and vitals.  He had found that, as he recuperated from the peritonitis that was his biggest concern at the moment, he had lost the need for most of the very normal acts of eating and sleeping that being pregnant had brought out in him.
John realises suddenly that Sherlock has gotten too bold in this game.  Isn’t John supposed to be the adult here?  Isn’t he supposed to be the one making all of the rules, the one with all the power?
The release from the hospital and the effort it had taken to get Callum across town and get everybody settled into their new home had been tremendous for Sherlock, still recovering from the surgery and the peritonitis.  As soon as he was in the room Sherlock fell, albeit cautiously, onto the bed, completely drained of energy and the will to keep his eyes open any longer.  The pillows cradling his head were so soft, so inviting, and the mattress supporting his body below him was so comfortable…as much the opposite of his hospital bed as he believed anything two things could be.
He watched blearily as Sherlock’s face steeled into an icy resolve, and his shoulders tensed beneath his black over coat, going hard and rigid just like the line of his mouth and the set of his jaw.  “Then leave,” he stated harshly, voice ringing loud and clear in the din of the silence around them.
“Yes, sir,” Sherlock groans out, near mindless with want.  He can feel his cock hanging heavy between his legs, but John has ignored it completely the entire time he has prepped Sherlock, and the brunet man just wants relief.
John makes a noise of agreement against Sherlock’s lips.  When he can bring himself to pull away from Sherlock, he grins like a loon and says, “These pills are bloody amazing.”
Thanks to Indelible_Ink for the Brit-pick, and iriswallpaper and beautifully_in_pain for the beta.  Song inspiration for this chapter is "Vindicated" by Dashboard Confessional.  There is also a line in here inspired by the TV show "Firefly".
But his mobile
“Is that so?” Sherlock asks him, voice irritatingly mocking from the other side of the door.  “Because it seems to me that a reasonable person would have remembered that there are two doors to this bedroom and used the other one by now, instead of wasting time trying to get into one which is clearly not going to open for him any time soon.”
“Or we could—instead…”  The thin, pale hand that has been moving towards him finally makes contact with John’s body, a warm pressure on the man’s left thigh that shouldn’t be there, shouldn’t feel so good, shouldn’t make him crave more.  He is frozen in his spot, eyes wide as he stares back at Sherlock, unsure of what to do.  But when he sees Sherlock lean forward incrementally, John’s brain kicks back into gear.
Notes: In this chapter, there is a line that states:
Sherlock was never really one for public displays of affection, and certainly not in Scotland Yard or Bart’s, where work was work and the consulting detective was very good at severing personal feelings from the job. But, here he was, tousling John’s short hair in front of at least a handful of other detectives and police officers, and letting his long fingers run down the side of John’s face as his large hand fell away.
“Please, fuck me,” Sherlock begs him, turning his face and rubbing it into the pillows as he squirms underneath John, voice wrecked.  “Fuck me hard.  Harder, God, John,
“See, John,” he whispered softly as he reached out to pull John’s face back towards his own and kiss him deeply on the lips.  “You could never disappoint him; he already knows you.”
“Yeah, but our son won’t be, now pay attention!” John snapped, yanking the baby away from Sherlock and laying it back on their table, showing Sherlock one more time how it was supposed to go.
“Sherlock,” John says, but the brunet doesn’t pay any attention to him; he continues to flit around the room restlessly, speaking about the poisonous toxins found in certain species of flowers and other things that John can’t follow.  “Look at me,” John orders, and the volume of his voice and the sharp tone bring Sherlock up short.  He turns to stare at John and the man looks at Sherlock, really
“I know, Greg,” John said, taking a moment to compose himself again.  He brought a shaky hand up to wipe at his mouth, surprised that he could still feel the imprint of Greg’s lips on his own.  He tugged at the collar of his jacket, straightening his black and gray plaid shirt underneath his coat, trying to keep his hands busy and his eyes from Lestrade’s face.
Beneath him, Sherlock keened.
“Oh, don’t worry,” John tells him with a sharp-edged smirk.  “You are.”
When the door was closed, Dr. Greenwhich waited a moment longer before he said simply, “That’s the fourth one you’ve made cry.”
“It’s just that,” John tries, and Sherlock knows that he is struggling to find the right words, “it seems like you’ve been getting off on it more than other times we do stuff.”
And suddenly John understands.  His stomach swoops as arousal shoots through him, setting his nerve endings on fire.
—is the one who is reassuring him about this whole situation.
Sherlock bites his lip and gives John a small nod.
John spanks him again, and this time the blow falls on the tops of his thighs, where the sting feels more substantial.  It’s interesting; Sherlock didn’t expect similar areas of his body to react so differently to the same stimuli.  He makes a mental note of it for later, but doesn’t want to become distracted right now.  Not with the way his cock is bobbing and thickening with each smack of John’s hand.
A/N: Another great big thank you to my betas, Jenamy and Haelia!  And thank you to the people who have taken the time to comment or leave kudos—seeing that makes my heart happy!  I want to warn you in advance, I'm new to AO3 and slightly computer illiterate, so adding chapters and all of this lark is throwing me for a loop.  I'm especially confused by the option for beginning and ending chapter notes, so if something is off I'm sorry...
Sherlock frowns against John’s neck, even though he knows the man can’t see him.  “I don’t understand.”
for fuck’s sake—but the realisation that a sixteen year old boy who is slightly over 9 stone (and who just happens to be his lover) is suddenly grappling him, shocks John like nothing else.  By the time his brain suddenly kicks back online and he realises that he should be doing something to defend himself, Sherlock already has a leg up on him.
, he thinks as he suddenly comes to the realisation that he now has two partners who he can’t seem to make happy.  He winces at his own stupidity.  Why did he ever think that starting a relationship with Sherlock was a good idea?  How did he end up putting himself in a corner like this?
Sherlock continues to scribble out an answer for a question about copper sulphate.  “No,” he says, not even pausing in his writing.
He sighs and feels like a prat for saying what he did, for making Sherlock feel so insecure about himself and about their relationship.  Sherlock seems willing enough to forgive him, however.  John just wants to forget the whole thing, so he pulls away from Sherlock slightly and asks, “So, what is this fruit experiment, then?  I’m most likely kipping on the sofa tonight when I get back home, anyways, and I’m here already, so I might as well be useful, yeah?”
“Come on, love,” he says, turning over, trying to stay connected to Sherlock still.  “Let’s sleep.”
John usually waited until Sherlock was home before making the tea, and he never had biscuits in the middle of the afternoon, since he often took a late lunch from his job.
“He has a checkup next week, at the family planning clinic in the Renaissance Medical Plaza.  Tuesday, at 8 am.”
“Rebuild—” John repeated, shocked.  He couldn’t even bring himself to finish his sentence.  It died on his thin lips as quickly as it flitted through his mind.  “Sherlock, I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
Alone and pregnant in a world that was quickly becoming a dangerous place for males that were those things.
But John shook his head, not trusting himself to talk.  When he finally felt that he could speak without making a fool of himself, he whispered, “I can’t do that, either.”
!” he rushes to clarify, looking up at John suddenly with worry evident in his eyes.
was the one who should never have let it go this far.  Him and Sherlock.
, John thinks.
But so is John.
Sherlock just shakes his head, explaining patiently, “That was different.  She was working then; I was her patient.  I wanted to meet
yourself with each hit, so don’t stand there and tell me that this is none of my concern!”  He was shouting now, and his breath was coming in short pants from the adrenaline of the situation.  A part of Sherlock was sure that they could probably be heard from outside of the office, but he didn’t particularly care anymore at this point.
Sherlock hisses in surprise but doesn’t pull away.  Without John moving, it isn’t painful or unbearable.   It is warm and wet, and just on the right side of overwhelming.  Sherlock relaxes into the sensation, and he sighs softly in contentment.  After a few moments, when John is sure Sherlock’s body can stand it, he begins to gently lick him clean, and the brunet practically melts into a puddle on the floor.
And finally,
Right now, he wants to spend the last few moments of it getting lost in Sherlock.  “I find
“I understand completely.”
John looked at him for a moment, at a loss for words.  “Sherlock, you have a bed, a toilet and a bathtub.  That’s not ‘liveable’,” he finally argued, irritated.
So seeing it written down—in a set of rules that are meant to bring order and stability to their lives, that are meant to help show them what to do—helps tremendously, in a way that John didn’t think that it would.  He wonders if this is how Sherlock feels, what Sherlock feels like, when they play.  This overwhelming sense of comfort and unyielding love and support.  Is this why Sherlock loves being his little boy so much—because of this sense of completion, of being taken care of?  Suddenly John realises with startling clarity that, while one of the main aspects of this game has always been the chance for John to take care of Sherlock and to give the boy what he needs, John is now coming to find that Sherlock is taking care of him just as surely as John takes care of Sherlock.  He understands now that, as Sherlock’s Daddy, it is John’s job to take care of him, but it is also John’s job to help Sherlock take care of
“Yeah, I checked for you before you came.  I had figured you would, since you’re teaching advanced courses to the upper sixth formers.”  Mike trails off for a moment but then gives John a big, forced smile that John thinks is meant to make him feel better.  It doesn’t.  “It’s no big deal.  I just wanted to warn you because he…likes to cause trouble.  Intelligent as hell and sharp as a tack but there’s this thing that he does…well, you’ll see.  Just don’t let him rattle you, no matter what he says.”
The plug finally pops out of Sherlock’s body with a wet squelch, and John carefully sets it aside on one of the unused tables within his reach.  His fingers and the base of the toy leave wet, slimy smudges across the smooth flat surfaces of the wood, but that is the last thing on his mind.  He hardly pays any attention to the mess as he turns back to Sherlock and offers the boy his other, clean hand.  He lets his sticky, lubed one take its place on the back of Sherlock’s neck to keep him bent over the table.
He waits for a response but it doesn’t come.  His phone stays silent for so long that John begins to wonder if he dreamt Sherlock texting and is now having a one-sided conversation with the boy.  So he scrolls back up his screen and confirms that, yes, Sherlock did indeed message him.  When there is still no response to John’s last text, the man begins to think that maybe he said something wrong when he answered Sherlock, so he scrolls back up again and rereads the messages.  He frowns when he can’t find any reason for why Sherlock won’t answer him back.
with Sherlock right in front of John!  “We really should go, before it gets any later.”
“Lestrade!” John’s voice was louder now, but the tone had gone more menacing. He wasn’t liking where any part of this conversation was heading. He could see it all playing out in his head, like a train wreck. Someone was going to end up getting very upset, and he was fairly certain it was going to be himself.
He is not at the best angle to be sucking Sherlock’s cock, kneeling on the floor behind the teen as he is.  Sherlock’s erection is so stiff, though, that John simply has to pull it back towards him and tilt his head to the side and he finds that he can fit his mouth around most of it easily enough.  Sherlock seems to enjoy it, anyways.  He gasps as John’s tongue swirls around the tip, sucking off all of the sticky preserve that John has slathered on it, and John can hear his long arms scramble across the smooth top of the table, looking for something to hold on to.  It seems that they only succeed in knocking over several of the glass jars of the various types of jams and jellies that John had brought out for their breakfast, though, the sticky concoctions spilling thick and slow across the flat wood.
No wonder the voice on the other side of the door sounds a bit stuffy; Sherlock probably has tissue paper shoved up his nostrils to stem the flow of blood.  John bites back a sigh by the barest of threads.  He tries to push his annoyance to the side, though, and dredge up the doctor in him, purely professional and clinical.  “Are you hurt?  Is everything still in working order?”  He tries once more to push open the door, but it still feels as if Sherlock has wedged himself against it.
being honest.  It wasn’t Lestrade’s fault, it really wasn’t.
Or so John had thought once.
But it wasn’t his fault that they were all
“I don’t know what I’d do without you, John.”
It doesn’t work.
John wraps his arms tighter around the slim body, hugging Sherlock close.  “I won’t,” he whispers into the nape of Sherlock’s neck.  “I promise you.  I won’t.”
Sherlock just frowns at him.  “John, what—?”
John looks down to see Sherlock open his mouth to spit some of it out, but John reaches down quickly to tilt the teen’s head up, stopping him.  A small dribble of come ends up slipping out of one corner of Sherlock’s plush, red lips, and John’s thumb catches it and drags it back into his mouth.
“Are you sure?” John stresses.  “I just keep thinking about—”
Sherlock, opening the lid of the machine and taking out the vial of blood, held it up to the light and stared at it, a happy smile splitting his face.
“Yeah,” John agrees half-heartedly.  “You’re probably right.”
“Sherlock, ready to go? We don’t want to be late for this one.”
The boy is selfish.  Fucking selfish.
Sherlock doesn’t care about the implications and the consequences and the repercussions.  He never has.  Sherlock has just taken what he has wanted from John, from the very beginning, heedless of his own safety and well-being.  Heedless of John’s sanity.
“Yes, I understand,” he heard Lestrade saying into the phone, his tone more serious than it had been a moment ago.  “We are pulling up now.  We’ll meet you at the emergency entrance.”
“Please?” Sherlock persists, and John doesn’t think he’s ever seen this particular look on Sherlock’s pale, handsome face—this look of sadness, of anxiety.  It makes him look even younger than he already does.  “It’s just that…I get so lonely sometimes and I have no one to talk to.  No one else understands me the way that you do.”
“Indeed,” Sherlock replied, his aqua eyes locked on John, watching him intently as the doctor stepped away from Greg and towards the brunette man, back to his spot beside Sherlock.
in only the way that Sherlock can see him.
Dr. Greenwhich turned to the detective inspector suddenly.  “3 hours?!” he yelled out.  Just as quickly he turned back to Sherlock, eyes wide behind his spectacles.  “Mr. Holmes, you were supposed to come straight in at the first sign of labor!  You were told time and time again how delicate and time-sensitive your labor would be!  Do you know the danger you have put yourself, and your child, in?  The chances that your appendix will rupture before we can even open you up are almost inevitable.  Peritonitis, shock, septicemia…you have raised the chances of all of these things happening now.”
Sherlock couldn’t even be bothered with thinking of a response for John. Not when he was so intent on deciphering what he saw on the screen. But all of his medical knowledge, all of his skills of deduction, could not make the ultrasound any easier to read.
“You don’t like that one?” John asks, smiling down at him.  He drops his head to give Sherlock another kiss, sweet and close-mouthed.  “I’ll stop if you really want me to,” he says earnestly, pulling back slightly.
“No, it’s not okay, John!” Sherlock continued, still shouting. “I look like I’ve swallowed a watermelon and I can’t fit my fat arse into any of my clothes! What the bloody hell am I supposed to do, go out in my pajama bottoms?!” He stomped over to his wardrobe and began rifling through it, tossing out anything that would not fit him anymore.
to take responsibility for this mess?  A high pitched noise escapes his throat, and he notices belatedly that it sounds disturbingly close to a manic giggle.  Because this is just too much all of a sudden.
everything, anything, to make sure that Sherlock is taken care of, looked after, happy.  Even if that means setting aside his pride and going to Mycroft Holmes to ask for his help.  If it means that Sherlock will finally be happy, will finally know how much John loves him, then John will fight that battle for him.  John will be the soldier in that war.  He has fought worse enemies and lived to tell the tales.  He knows that Mycroft will not approve of what John is going to propose, of the direction John wants to steer Sherlock’s life in.
“So she asks me to help her out,” John continued, “and I agreed ‘cause I figured I’m about to be shipped off, so I should try to have as much sex as possible, yeah?  Well there we are in the middle of it, and all of a sudden her water breaks.”
“My dog tags,” John finishes for him, mostly because he wants to cover up the awkward silence that is descending thickly between them.  “Yeah.”
, John thinks as he tries to catch his breath.
She is right about one thing, though.  He replays their conversation over in his head, hears her very solid—if possibly untruthful—argument and he knows that he
He can see Sherlock visibly relax at his words, knowing that John isn’t going to leave him after all, knowing that John isn’t going to try to walk away again.  Sherlock looks at him tentatively, makes a jerky, abortive movement towards John, decides against it, then tries again.  He wipes off his stomach with a corner of his duvet, then crawls across the bed to the man and comes up behind him while John sits on the edge.  His arms wrap around John’s midsection and he presses his chest to John’s back, dropping his head to rest on John’s shoulder.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything to that, he just keeps sifting his long fingers through the bubbles and pushing his ship along the surface of the water, but he is blushing profusely in embarrassment now and so John just lets him keep his silence.
It is still amazing to John that someone, somewhere out there, wants him so badly.  Badly enough to fantasize about him the way he fantasizes about Sherlock, who is all ethereal beauty and tumultuous force and shining brilliance.  How can someone as plain as he is possibly bring about the same feelings in Sherlock that the boy does in him?  It seems physically impossible.  And yet he knows that Sherlock would never lie to him.
he did.  He had seen them.  Small squares of sterile alcohol pads and strips of gauze fall out over the sides as John continues to dig through his kit, almost frantically now, before he finally sees them, down at the very bottom.
with me what he was thinking…we could have made the decision together.”
; we don’t even have any friends, thanks to you!”
Sherlock finally turns his head to peer up at John from his position on the sofa, and he looks repentant and young.  “I know.  I’m sorry that I can’t…I try to be more open with you, I really do.  It may not seem like it, but I promise, I do.  It’s just, I had no one who bothered to care how I was feeling before you, and so I just tried not to feel anything at all, to make it easier for myself.  It’s hard to change that, now, when I’ve had such tight control over my emotions for so long…” he trails off, his voice catching.  His eyes shine dangerously in the low light of their sitting room and John hurries to scoop him up in his arms, pressing Sherlock’s face into his shoulder and holding it there.  He lets Sherlock cling to him for a few moments before he feels like they’ve had enough seriousness for the day; he had been happy and excited when he had come home, eager to give his little boy the present he had bought him.
John steels his resolve.  He can do this.  Of course he can.  Sherlock has already told him that he wants them to move to London together, that he wants John to stay with him after he finishes his exams and goes off to university—telling Sherlock what he plans to say right now shouldn’t be a big deal at all.
ridiculous!  It’s all become a shambles, and it’s because of you!  I have no idea what I’m doing with you, Sherlock.  It doesn’t make any
“You don’t have to say anything,” Sherlock cuts him off in a rush.
Neither one replied as John took the letters over to where Sherlock was lying on the bed, shuffling through them together.  Most were addressed to Sherlock, but some had both of their names on it.
“So instead of doing your laundry yourself, you just get more clothes?”  The incredulity in John’s voice only grows, as does the confounded grin on his face.  “You’re a berk, you know that?” John asks him with a laugh.  Sherlock doesn’t seem quite as amused.  The look he gives John is one of cold indifference.
Thanks to iriswallpaper for the beta and Indelible_Ink for the Brit-pick.  Chapter title is taken from the song "Bonfire Heart" by James Blunt.
He stood, Sherlock still connected to him through tongues and teeth and touch, and pulled the pregnant man towards their bedroom, an urgency flaring up in him that he was used to dealing with, where Sherlock was concerned.
Sherlock preps him harshly, right from the start.  Two fingers.  And though he uses plenty of lube, John can still feel the stretching burn, and it is just another reminder that it is not Greg who is fucking him—Greg would never do this to him, never make him hurt this way, so deliciously, so perfectly.  Soft, gentle, always-careful Greg.
“Because I can see it in your eyes, John,” he cut the blonde man off, voice so harsh that it cut him down.  “Every time you look at me.  You’re tired, and you’re fed up and you don’t think you can do this anymore.”  He paused then, and John thought that maybe—just maybe—he would get out of this with some small shred of his dignity still intact.  But he was wrong.  “And I can smell his aftershave on you, now, even from this distance.”
With Sherlock bent over like this, John can see the flared end of the plug sticking out of him.  The skin around it looks tight where the base is pressed to it, and it’s not even the rim of his entrance.  John wonders if he is sore from wearing it all day long.  He slips his fingers between the plug and Sherlock’s skin and lets them trace over the sensitive outline of Sherlock’s hole.
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” he whispers into the crown of Sherlock’s head, placing a kiss there which gets lost in the wild tangles.
“Mycroft sure does know how to live, I’ll give him that,” John said with a low whistle of appreciation as he looked over their new accommodations.
There was a low rumble starting in Sherlock’s throat as the man turned the collar of his coat up which John thankfully heard before it could turn into biting words.
Is that why Sherlock has been so eager to participate in all of this?
And he understands: he isn’t himself anymore.  He has been devoured by flames, turned to ash.  He is in pieces.  Something different, something else.
“—and you want me to be here beside you when you do it all.  But what do you
“Sherlock, these people…” John stared at the letters around them, too, all of them opened now, and lying on the bed like little white promises of hope and courage.  “This is amazing.”
“You told me you wouldn’t do this again, Sherlock.  Do you remember?  The weekend that we first spent together, the first time I made love to you?”  The words leave a bitter taste on his tongue at the memory of one of the most wonderful times of John’s life, painful to think about during a moment like this.  “You told me that you wouldn’t need this again because you had me now, and I made everything better, and you wouldn’t touch this shit ever again.”
“We are into the appendix now,” he heard Dr. Greenwhich say from the other side of the curtain.  “We will be performing the Caesarian and then afterwards we will complete the appendectomy.  Dr. Stapp, be ready to perform the removal as soon as we deliver the baby.”
“Then stay still, for fuck’s sake,” John growls out, clamping his fingers down around Sherlock’s bony hips.  Sherlock listens to him—finally—and John revels in the long minutes he takes to get his body back under control.  He breathes deep and slow, acclimatising himself to the feel of Sherlock around him, tight and hot and amazing.
When, finally, in the third week, his ovulation strip showed him a positive reading, he recorded the data with a grin on his face.  He was finally able to move on to the next step of the experiment—the part he knew he would enjoy greatly.
“You’re choosing her over me,” Sherlock whispers into his neck, so soft that John can barely hear him.  “Just like I always knew you would.”
With a smile, John realized that each movement of music Sherlock had created specifically to tell a different piece of their story.  The music that he spent hours on, all the time that he spent ignoring John in favor of his instrument, or when he sat next to John on the couch but looked like he was a million miles away, tapping a rhythm out on the armrest of the sofa…all of it had come together in this, what John was hearing right now.
He follows Sherlock’s request and doesn’t speak to him for a long, excruciating week—much longer than John had made Sherlock wait when he told the boy not to speak to him that one time, what feels like an eternity ago now.
He sends it and then thinks to add an additional ‘
“Oh fuck,” John groans, letting his hands glide over the smooth globes of Sherlock’s bottom, pushing the fleshy mounds apart so that he can have a clear view of the boy’s arse.  “I wish you could see what I’ve done to your tight little hole, Sherlock.  That’s the hottest thing I’ve ever seen.  Fuck, but you’re a filthy mess.”  He dips his finger into Sherlock’s come-filled hole and it sinks into the muscle easily, Sherlock’s loose arse sucking him in.
“I shouldn’t be telling you any of this stuff,” he says, mostly to himself.  “But I just seem to lose all sense of myself when you talk to me.”
. Watson, so Army doctor, then.  Obvious.  You’ve been recently invalided home from Afghanistan and your therapist back in London thinks that your limp is psychosomatic—quite correctly, I’m afraid.”
“I hate feeling it against my skin when you touch me,” Sherlock says, and he sounds sad, tiny.  “I hate seeing it out of the corner of my eye when you stroke my face.”
“It’s Callum, Sherlock,” John was saying as he moved off of Sherlock’s prone form and got out of bed, starting to get redressed.
“Christ, your eye,” John says through clenched teeth, reaching out to brush his fingers softly over the already purple flesh of the bottom lid.  “That’s going to swell.  Come on, I’ve got a cold pack in the first aid kit in my car.”  He stands from their table and pulls Sherlock along behind him by the wrist as he limps out of the shop on his cane.  He leads Sherlock to the boot of his car and unlocks it with his key.  He breaks open an ice pack, the kind filled with gel that can be stored easily, and hands it to the boy so Sherlock can place it on the side of his face.  Then he gets to work putting ointment on some of the scratches along Sherlock’s skin and the angry-looking split along his bottom lip.  John puts plasters on anything that looks like it needs it and then tidies everything away into the kit once more.
When his shift ended, he took a cab over to Baker Street—something he rarely did, seeing as how they lived within a reasonable walking distance—but he couldn’t stand the anticipation any longer.  When he got out and paid the cabbie, he had to pause for a moment to be sure the man had dropped him off at the right address.
Sherlock looks up at John with a flaming blush on his cheeks.  “I…er,” he mumbles out, then he looks away and shrugs with a hasty nod of his head.
John comes with a gasp and a thrust of his hips upwards, into the warm mouth around him.  He can feel himself releasing with every twitch of his cock against Sherlock’s tongue, and he knows there is a lot.  He can feel Sherlock gag around his mouthful, having trouble keeping so much of it in.
“John.  John, are you awake?” Sherlock asks, shaking him rather violently.
“And what about when we are on a case?” Sherlock asked, finally not able to sit any longer.  He stood up suddenly, making John, who had been leaning over him slightly to keep tabs on his breathing, jump back.  His large hands slammed the tea cup down on the coffee table, sloshing the brown liquid inside of it around and making a mess, but he didn’t seem to care.  “Or when we have to go out of town for work?  What are we going to do then?” he continued to ask, pacing about their living room and twirling on his heel when he reached a wall, not able to walk any farther.  “We haven’t thought about any of this, and it’s going to be here before we know it.”
“John,” Sherlock says suddenly, just as the older man is prodding at some sort of fungus experiment that Sherlock has set by his window.  “I need you to find last year’s May edition of
“I take that as a good sign, yeah?” John asked, his smile so wide it almost hindered his words.
“And?”
“If you’re so smart, why aren’t you off at some fancy private school, getting a better education?” John clarifies, though he knows Sherlock understands what he is asking him.
Sherlock watches as John sits back between his spread thighs, legs bent under him, and grabs the tube of lubricant.  He spreads a generous amount on his fingers and positions his hand at Sherlock’s entrance before moving his body back to hover over the brunet man, slick fingers never leaving Sherlock’s hole as John moves into a more comfortable position.
“I want you to touch yourself while I fuck your face,” he tells Sherlock suddenly, enjoying the way Sherlock’s breath catches around his mouthful of cock and his eyes go wide as he stares up at John, tongue still working John’s shaft.  “Go on, it’s all right,” John encourages softly.  He reaches a hand down as far as he can to grab Sherlock’s wrist, where his arm has been resting idly on John’s thigh for better leverage, and pushes it towards Sherlock’s own prick, which is engorged once again.  “I just want to see, it’s all right.”
“John!  John, fuck, I—”
The ride up to meet Mary’s family in the country on Saturday morning is just as uncomfortable as John thought it would be.  He and Mary don’t speak to each other for the whole trip, and John’s mobile goes off so often with incoming text messages that he has to turn it onto vibrate.  The low buzz of it can still be heard deep in his trouser pocket, however.  Whenever he gets the chance, he checks his messages (each one always from Sherlock) and responds to as many as he can.  Mary’s sharp, narrowed eyes are constantly on him, though, so after a while he just simply gives up.
Except….
“I told you where I was going,” he states, tone softening a bit.  He knows she must be concerned, and he doesn’t want to be the bad guy anymore.  Just because they will soon be divorced doesn’t mean she can’t still be worried for him.  “I’m in London now.”  He doesn’t say who he is with, but he figures she most likely knows.  The more days that have passed, the more he feels safe here with Sherlock.  If Mary had called the proper authorities by now, John feels safe in the knowledge that Mycroft has kept true to his word.  No one has tried to find them here in London, yet.  He dares to feel hopeful.
I'm planning on coming back in the very near future, when I have a bit more time, to edit this with some of the wonderful suggestions from the very helpful SomeCoolName.  Thank you so much!  As of right now, this chapter is beta'd by the awesome That Kid With the Long Coat.  All mistakes now and in the future, though, are solely my own!
He never did, when it came to the Sherlock Holmes.
“Literally,” Mike says with a laugh, more than a little inebriated himself.
Sherlock lets John hold him for a moment before he returns the embrace, snaking thin arms around John’s naked, warm torso as well.  He settles his head on John’s good shoulder and doesn’t say anything for a long moment.  He uses the darkness of the room to his advantage before finally asking, in a quiet, still kind of voice, “You’d do that for me?”  His tone is soft and his words are hesitant, as if he is afraid of the answer.
John remembers the way he used to keep Sherlock at bay, even when his student tried to break through all of the walls that John had erected around them, trying to keep their relationship proper.  He had been strong then; he had held all of the cards.  As John sits at his desk, he tries to think about what changed.  What happened to turn the tables, what happened to make him so completely wrapped up in Sherlock that John can’t even think about living his life without him?  What happened to make him so dependent on keeping Sherlock that John would do anything—
John seemed to know that this wasn’t exactly what Sherlock was wanting to say, this wasn’t the point he was trying to get across, there was something more he wanted to say, so he stood there silently, finally turning to dare a glance at the brunette man, who was made all the more nervous by the blonde’s deep stare.
“You’re going to take two, now,” John suddenly tells him a moment later, and Sherlock knows that it is a warning, because they aren’t doing this with proper lubricant, and John wants him to be prepared for the feeling, no matter what game they are playing.  So when the second finger breaches him, Sherlock bears down to lessen the uncomfortableness of it, and John is so slow and careful that it drives the brunet man crazy as he kneels on the floor.
Sherlock came home just as John was setting the plates for dinner, and they ate in relative quiet as the two men tried their best to ignore each other from across the table.
The smile grows wider.  “So I’ve been told.”
There was no way.
“You’re joking, right?”
“I know you love him, John,” the other man said hurriedly, not looking John in the eye anymore. “But you and I are probably the only people who know what he is really like. I just…I just don’t want you to end up getting hurt. You…you don’t deserve that. You’re far too nice and caring.”
As it turns out, John minds that very much.
to take care of you, and love you, and make you better.  For as long as you’ll let me.  Understand?” he asks.  What he thinks Sherlock has never learned about him, is just how patient John really is when it comes to dealing with the teen.  John has a never-ending well of patience for Sherlock, and that is why he can love him, and care for him, and put up with his stunts without ever considering the thought of leaving him.
“That’s it, love,” John moans through his mouthful of Sherlock’s sweat-tinged skin.  “Let me know how good it feels.  Let me hear it.”
When he had divested Sherlock of the man’s shirt, he took a moment to be gentler with his trousers and pants, but soon enough John had the brunette man lying back on top of the covers of their bed, pale and panting and wonderfully naked beneath his hands.
Sherlock was no idiot, though.  John went with him on most cases, when he could get away from the surgery, and for the few times his partner wasn’t there, John’s .45 was ever present, holstered and loaded and always at the ready.
“I-it’s John,” the blonde man said into the intercom.  Two little words that needed no other explanation, but that held a world of meaning behind them.  Lestrade would know why John was here this late at night, without even a text to explain his presence beforehand.  Lestrade would know the moment he opened the door and saw John’s face, deep blue eyes red from the tears he had been trying to hold back.
He is met with an uneasy silence.
“Yes?” Sherlock responded, not quite sure what he wanted to do about the sudden urges that were coming over him. He had wanted John before—of course he had, he wasn’t
Beneath him, Sherlock rubs their bodies together, smearing their release between them, making their bellies slide slickly against one another.  John groans into Sherlock’s mouth and wishes like hell that he could taste it, taste them together, them combined.  But he refrains.  He is a doctor, after all, and he knows the risks of sharing bodily fluids.  He is surprised with himself for even allowing this, them coming on one another when they haven’t discussed methods of safe sex, but it’s definitely not the most risky thing they could be doing.
“Well, you’ve already been in the paper before about this situation—last week—though they didn’t really make a big ordeal about it. But, when only one newspaper released the story today, we figured that it was going to be a mad-house at your flat today, and we’ve finally got enough people for our cause to make a difference once the lot of the anti-Synaths gather up.”
John could do nothing but groan in frustration and weariness, and wait for Sherlock to attack once more.
John sighs and sits up, knowing that once Sherlock has gotten that look in his eyes, he is gearing up for a discussion that will eventually turn into a row because Sherlock wants something that John is not willing to give him.
He decides that after his indulgent shower he will take a short nap, because he knows that he won’t have the strength for Sherlock any other way.  As soon as his head hits the pillow he is asleep, and he doesn’t stir at all until his alarm goes off half an hour before he is supposed to be at the coffee shop.
Sherlock makes a strangled noise of assent and tries to buck up into John’s hand to gain more friction, more pressure.
They pushed their way through a large group of people crossing the street, out for lunch just as they were.  “And Sherlock didn’t feel the same?” Greg asked, trying to keep up with John as someone cut across his path.
The doctor cleans Sherlock up methodically, wiping up blood to expose the lacerations underneath.  Sherlock’s bottom lip is split rather badly but nothing that will require stitches.  His nose has long since stopped bleeding so the doctor needs only to wipe it clean and flush it.  Once the man has washed and bandaged all of the scrapes Sherlock is taken to get x-rays of his face, arms, torso and legs.  He holds tight to John the entire time he is cleaned up and as he is taken to the x-ray room, only letting go when the technician operating the machine makes John leave so that they can complete the scan.  But afterwards Sherlock clings to him again, and John can’t help hugging Sherlock back tightly, crushing the child to him as if that alone will protect Sherlock from whatever it is that has happened to him.  When the nurses let them back into their examination room, the teen sits on the uncomfortable bed and John settles in next to him, wanting to stay close.  Sherlock’s head falls to John’s shoulder and John’s arm wraps around his thin frame carefully.
John shakes his head steadily and has to force himself to stay calm.  The longer he stands here talking to Mycroft Holmes, the more he has the feeling that he will end up in jail by the end of the night, or worse.  “No, I’m not,” he says evenly, “I’m just concerned for his safety, the same as you.”
“‘You saw’?” John repeats, confused.  “What do you mean?  Have you…have you been
Just then another nurse entered his room, calm and polite.  “The O.R is ready, Doctor.  You can bring him in now.”
“It’s not funny, John!” Sherlock yelled out, moving to hit at the man beside him but missing in the dark. “I was covered in blood and quills and then, when the nurses handed it to me, it tried to bite me!”
Halfway through the lesson there is a knock on John’s classroom door and the head teacher, Ms. Thompson, opens it cautiously, peeking in to see if she is interrupting anything.  John silently waves her in as he continues his lecture.  When he gets to a stopping point, he lets the class read from their texts as he limps across the room to meet Ms. Thompson by his desk.  She had been the one to interview him for the position, and he finds that she is friendly and easy to talk to.  When he reaches his desk, she smiles warmly at him and asks in a hushed whisper, so that she doesn’t disturb his students, “How is your first day going?”
When John gets home that night, it is late.  He has spent more time at the coffee shop with Sherlock than he originally thought he would, back before his plan to keep things respectable between them had gone to hell.  As he enters his house, he goes straight to the bedroom to change and wash up, bypassing the sitting room where Mary is watching telly and trying to pretend that she isn’t annoyed that John keeps staying away from home until so late at night.  But if she wants to start an argument, he doesn’t give her the chance.  He races up the stairs, still marvelling at the fact that he hasn’t used his cane in weeks and now the peculiar pain is completely gone, not even a twinge as he puts his weight on it and runs up the steps.  Sherlock did that, he knows.  Sherlock—that strange boy who has completely turned John’s world upside down, who has taken over John’s whole life and torn all of his firm resolution and willpower to shreds.
Sherlock crosses his arms over his chest and sticks his bottom lip out in a pout, the very picture of churlish childishness.  “And what happens if I don’t follow these
“I don’t think I can do it,” he said with a rough shake of his head.  “I’m going to wreck it.  I just know I am.”  And the words that he had been keeping in, the worst fear that he had buried deep down for the past few days, because he couldn’t bear to think about it, came out then, broken and painful to hear and to say.
“This wasn’t just a quick fumble for me,” Sherlock says suddenly, as if he has read John’s mind.  “I was telling you the truth when I said that I like you.  A lot.  You’re the first person—the
His voice was venomous and from a gap in the sheets he saw John draw back his hand, stung by Sherlock’s tone.  “All right,” the blonde man said softly, at a loss as to what to do with Sherlock.  “Just…call me if you need anything.”
“Get out a cigarette,” John interrupts rather abruptly as he stops just outside the door on the pavement.  It is a dark night but this area of town is well-lit, the streets lined with tall lamps and eclectic shops that keep odd hours.
“What?  Not good?” Sherlock asks, looking at him with a blank, innocent stare that John doesn’t believe for a second.
.  “You don’t ever have to be sorry for that, love,” John tells him as he crawls back up the bed and lies next to him, planting soft, wet kisses across Sherlock’s bare shoulders.  “You don’t ever have to be sorry for letting me make you lose control.  It’s lovely and I want it to happen constantly.”
“I have some news that I think you might find interesting,” he says casually, crossing his arms over his chest and smiling fondly at Sherlock.
And Sherlock does.  He takes John’s cock back down, all the way again, trying to go impossibly farther still.  His lips and the tip of his nose brush John’s pubic bone and John feels Sherlock try to relax his throat around him and swallow, choking and trying to breathe around the cock in his mouth for a few more seconds.
“You want me to make you feel good like you made me feel good, right, Daddy?” Sherlock asks him and his tiny little smirk is slowly growing into an outright wicked grin.
His gaze travels lower, down Sherlock’s stretched body.  His tummy looks soft now, the bones of his ribs and his hips not showing through quite so jaggedly anymore.  John has been striving to feed him up subtly, and it seems to be working, if only slightly.  He follows the line of Sherlock’s perfect little belly button until it meets his cock, engorged from John’s kisses but not straining desperately yet.  The tip is dry and barely peeking out of the foreskin, and John can see the outline of the head underneath the soft looking flesh that covers it.  He suddenly wants very much to feel that foreskin retract against his tongue, so he bends to take Sherlock in his mouth gently.  He doesn’t give any pressure, he just simply lets Sherlock’s prick sit against the inside of his mouth, on his tongue.  Sherlock sighs at the gentle warmth encasing his cock and John can feel him pulse and throb in his mouth; he feels Sherlock engorge slightly and feels the delicate flesh of his foreskin pull back as Sherlock pulsates and grows bigger.
Sherlock is still looking at him with a murderous glint in his eye, so John decides to be completely honest with him, embarrassing as it might be to say what he has been thinking for months, every time he sees Sherlock light up.  “And,” he says, blushing and looking away from Sherlock, down at the table where his hands are resting.  “I want you to quit for me.  Because I don’t want anything to happen to you.”  When he stops talking and doesn’t hear any mocking criticism, he dares a glance up.  Sherlock is looking at him in surprise and John can’t help but smile.
?” Sherlock repeats, astounded by John’s gall.  He spits out the word as if he hates the taste of it.  “Why the fuck not?”
“You can’t
“I—I have poor circulation…” Crystal mumbled, finally giving up on the cuff and simply staring, wide-eyed and blearily, at Sherlock as he sat in the small little exam chair, staring at her rather intensely.
If he wanted to never disappoint his child, then somebody was going to have to tell him what to do, because he was at a loss.
John’s mouth goes dry as he sits there and looks at the sight before him.  When Sherlock has licked the come off of his thumb, he slides it out of his mouth only slightly, no longer sucking it but letting the tip sit on his full bottom lip, a tease that is driving John insane with arousal.
When the cab pulls up to Sherlock’s house, John is relieved to see the driveway empty, as usual.  At least it means that Sherlock’s father didn’t come home in a drunken rage.  Still, that kid could get up to any number of nefarious things, John knows this from experience.  It wouldn’t do to think Sherlock was all right just yet.  John has to see him with his own two eyes before he knows Sherlock is safe and healthy.
Sherlock ‘hmm’ed in response, eyeing John menacingly.
He lost his balance quickly after the hit, his eyesight going dark and fuzzy for a long moment, but the two men who still held his arms down while the third had whacked him were holding him up, dragging him down the alley.  He felt them take a few turns as they continued pulling him along, but there was a ringing in his ears that was throwing off his equilibrium and an intense pain radiating from the spot on his head where he had been hit that was making it impossible to think clearly.
“If any of you take one more step closer, I swear to God that I will blow each and every one of your fucking heads off, so I suggest that you
But then he feels John’s hand push harshly down on his shoulder, and the soldier’s voice say, “Get down on your knees and suck me,” and Sherlock can’t help it, he falls heavily to his knees and opens his mouth obligingly for John’s cock before he even knows what he’s doing.
“John, God, John,” Sherlock cries, throwing his head back so hard that it thumps loudly against the wall.
but doesn’t say anything.
“Well, I’ll be damned,” a booming voice says over his head, cringingly familiar.  “If it isn’t John fucking Watson!”
—with each other.
Sherlock smiles at that, even though it must hurt.  “Go home to your wife, John.  I’m sure she’s wondering where you are.  I’ll be okay.”  He pauses for a moment and just stares at John, something unfathomable in his eyes.  “Thank you.  For helping me.  I don’t know what I would have done….”
Sherlock’s mouth drops open to pant heavily but he nods his head, agreeing, and John squeezes a third finger into his hole, lube dribbling out as it is pressed up against the tightness of Sherlock’s body.
John let Sherlock mouth at his cock for a long while, content in the slow-burning heat of his arousal stirring in his groin.  Sherlock’s cautious tongue brought him swiftly to full hardness, but once the brunet man decided he wanted to try to take in as much of John as he could, the blond had a harder time fighting the urge to come down Sherlock’s throat.
He will never know how John does it; how John knows exactly, just
Still, if John doesn’t put his foot down, they are going to end up with a rather large sum of money due to Mrs. Hudson at the end of every month for property damages.  Or worse—Sherlock might not be as lucky as he has been lately while in his “little” headspace…
Sherlock, on the other hand, seemed less than impressed with their rooms, and he glared around himself from his position on the bed, relaxing against the plush pillows and resting his hands over his ever-growing belly.  “Yes, it’s positively disgusting, isn’t it?” he asked, a curl to his lips.
He groans and lies there, drained and covered in come, as Sherlock lifts himself off of John’s cock.  Sherlock leans forward slightly on his knees so that he is still hovering over John as he reaches behind himself, eyes never leaving John’s.  John isn’t sure exactly what it is that Sherlock is doing until he works his hand behind himself and gasps slightly, biting his lips.  Sherlock’s eyelids flutter shut for a moment before opening again, and John can see the tendons and muscles of his extended arm flexing.
And he is correct.
It is something they both need to get used to, he guesses.  One getting gifts and the other giving gifts meant to be used in these games.
When John gets a bluntly worded text from his friend asking to meet him at the pub that afternoon, John knows he is in trouble.  A part of him wants to tell Mike that he is busy, that he can’t make it.  A part of him wants desperately to run away from this and not have to deal with it.
Sherlock moans and slides farther down John’s cock, letting the head hit the back of his throat.  John groans at the feel of Sherlock’s mouth around him and fists his hands in the curly hair.  He can’t keep from thrusting slightly into Sherlock’s mouth, just a little, his hips barely moving at all.  It is enough to make Sherlock gag, though, coughing and spluttering around John’s thick prick as he pulls off wetly.  John looks at Sherlock, red-faced and panting, and can’t help dragging his face back up for a kiss.  He flips them over again, pinning Sherlock on his back and scrambling for the lube that Sherlock always keeps nearby.  He manages to open the bottle and slicks his fingers before his hands make their way down Sherlock’s body.  He cups Sherlock’s hard prick, giving him a few slow strokes that leave Sherlock gasping against John’s mouth before dipping his fingers lower, behind Sherlock’s soft, full bollocks.  The tips of his fingers rub against the tight pucker of skin he finds there.  Sherlock moans and pushes his hips back onto John’s fingers, letting John slip the first inside of him.  Sherlock whimpers at the initial feel of John penetrating him but he quickly becomes accustomed to it, and he is soon begging John for another finger and then another.
John groans at the feeling of Sherlock pulling out—it’s always so uncomfortable—but he tightens his hole quickly and waits for Sherlock to plug him up.
Sherlock isn’t at school the next day and John tries not to worry, he really does.  He knows that if Sherlock misses a day of school it doesn’t necessarily mean that anything has happened to him, but he can’t help thinking of Sherlock’s alcoholic, abusive father or the fact that the kid seems to get into all sorts of trouble on a regular basis.
“He doesn’t blame Sherlock for being derisive about the whole thing; he is just a child who hasn’t been able to grasp the depth and complexity of adult relationships and emotions, after all”
“It is?” John asked skeptically, as he went about helping Sherlock pack up.  “Who did you find to watch the baby?”
They take their time with each other in this moment because they know that they have more of it now, more time, and that they won’t run out of it again, like they have in the past.
the text message stated.
ALSO: I was left a wonderful comment by Mathiea and a request for a beta. I do currently need one for the second half of this story and some other one-shots. Unfortunately, I’m new to AO3 and don’t know how to get in touch with you! :( If you’re reading this, shoot me another comment!
, John thinks with a sigh, giving in.
John stands in the aisle of the local Sainsbury’s, staring at boxes of cereal, completely at a loss.  He is doing the shopping for his mad, teenage genius of a lover, because there is no one in Sherlock’s house who will do it for him and Sherlock can’t ever be arsed to drag himself over to the shop.  If it weren’t for John buying him groceries regularly, Sherlock would probably subsist on tea and air.  John is fine doing the shopping for his teenage tyrant—that isn’t the problem.  The problem stems from the fact that Sherlock is just about the pickiest eater that John has ever met and will only consume things which he knows he likes (most of which are unhealthy).  However, John wants to be sure that Sherlock’s growing body and mind get the nutrition they need to thrive at his tender age.  It is no secret that Sherlock is not easy on his “transport”, demanding long hours from it and near-bloody impossible miracles sometimes.  When John buys him groceries, the doctor in him always wants to be sure that the nutritional value of the food outweighs whether or not Sherlock thinks it’s “icky”.
“I need to get to the hospital,” he gasped out, as everyone around him—Dimmock, and all the other Yarders—rushed about, getting their coats on and gathering what paperwork and guns they would need to apprehend the perpetrator.
“Dr. Watson, please, step back.  Suction, give me suction!”
“Christ, the things you do to me,” John growls out as he grinds his hips against Sherlock’s naked arse, letting his stiff prick rut between Sherlock’s plump arse cheeks through the barrier of his trousers.  His breath is coming in heaving gasps already and he can barely wrap his mind around the words he wants to say, he’s so turned on.  “How do you do this?  How do you make me feel this way?”
“Go on,” John says with a groan that he can’t help against Sherlock’s skin.  “Tell me, then.”  He bucks his hips up into Sherlock in a way that earns him a soft moan, overly-large hands coming up to grab John’s face gently and raise it towards his own so that Sherlock can kiss him.
Mike doesn’t seem perturbed by John’s blunt greeting, but as soon as John tells the man what he wants Mike to do for him, his friend’s greying eyebrows shoot up his forehead.  “John, isn’t that—?” he begins, and John knows exactly what it is that Mike is going to say.
It takes Sherlock a moment too long to answer, and when he finally speaks his voice is soft and sad in the almost-blackness of the bedroom.
Sherlock looks at him for a moment longer and John thinks he is going to argue with him, but then Sherlock sighs and settles further back against the headboard he is leaning against.  “Fine.  But I have to do something to keep myself entertained,” he complains petulantly as he watches John walk across the room and toss the cigarette in the rubbish bin by Mary’s vanity.
He is surprised that Sherlock soaks up every extra piece of information that John gives him like a sponge and even seems grateful to the man for giving him something more substantial than upper sixth form work to occupy his mind.  He takes to asking John for more and more work, and John delights in spending the time finding things that might interest the youth, causing him to stay at work late or come in early some mornings.
“That’s not the point, Sherlock,” John said, ignoring the picture in front of him for the moment to argue with Sherlock instead.
“Mail?” John asked, frowning and motioning for the woman to come in.  It had only been a couple of days since the fire had burnt down Baker Street, and no one except Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade knew where they were staying.  John hadn’t even put in for a change of address at the post office yet.
John sighs into his whisky and takes a deep drink.  He knows he’s fucked this up royally.  He wishes he could take their last conversation back, stop Sherlock’s harsh words right away and tell him that he would give it all up for the teen.  John promises himself that if he ever gets that chance to make things right, he’ll do just that.  He swears he will.  He knows that it won’t be all that simple, though.  Even if John gets the chance to make it up to Sherlock and finally tell him his thoughts on the future of their relationship, there would still be the problem of him being Sherlock’s teacher to deal with.  Yet if John could make this whole mess up to Sherlock and get him back, John knows that he would start by telling him that he would end things with Mary as soon as it was safe for him to do so.  The end of the school year, perhaps, after Sherlock has graduated and is no longer his student, when Sherlock can go off to university and John can leave the school free from suspicion.
“Synathida,” John said, lowly, his breath catching and his heart hammering away in his chest.
Sherlock huffed and fell onto their full sized couch, turning to lie on his side, face towards the seat cushions and back towards John in a fit of immaturity.  “Fine, John,” he told the couch cushions.  “When I smother our baby to death because I’ve put its diaper on the wrong end, don’t blame me.  I’ve given you fair warning—I’m not father material.”
With a sickening swoop of his stomach John suddenly realises what Sherlock means and he begins to frantically type out a response, eyes wide and fingers shaking.
Behind him, he can hear Sherlock shuffling about on the bed.  He can feel the mattress shift as Sherlock moves, coming up behind John and reaching tentative hands out to touch his bare shoulder.  “Don’t say that,” Sherlock tells him soothingly, voice a low and warm rumble next to John’s ear as he moves in close to hug him, melding against John’s back.  John wants to push him away, tell Sherlock that he doesn’t deserve him, but he isn’t strong enough for that.  He knows this.
John sighs and turns to press a kiss to the crown of Sherlock’s head.  John’s arms come up to twine around Sherlock’s, interlocking their fingers together.  “We’re going to get caught by someone who won’t care whether or not we get hurt,” he tells Sherlock softly.  “By my wife, or your father, or someone else.  I know it and I still can’t let you go.  Because you’re the brightest thing that’s ever been in my life, Sherlock,” he tells the top of the curly head, whispers it into unruly tangles, arms gripping Sherlock tightly where they are wrapped around him.  “You’re just this blazing fire shooting sparks out at the world, burning fiercely, holding back all of the dark in your life and mine by sheer will.  And I’m half afraid that if I reach out and touch you, I’ll get burned because I feel like I’m not supposed to feel that fire.  I’m not supposed to want it.  But I do want it, Sherlock.  I want it like I’ve never wanted anything before in my life.  Ever.  I want it all.  I want the heat, and the light, and I want the burn.  And, you know what?” he asks, disentangling himself from the boy.  He pulls them away from each other so that they can look at one another, so that he can look into Sherlock’s face as he tells him, “A part of me feels like we deserve this; like we deserve each other.  Like we deserve to be happy, finally, after years of being miserable.  We’ve come this far, and we’ve both found out what we’re made of.  We have the scars to prove it.  So why should we give it up?” he asks, begs Sherlock for an answer.
“Am I ready, John?” Sherlock finally asked, after a long stretch of silence that had been broken only by the brunet’s heavy breaths and the wet sucking noises of John’s mouth.
“W-wait,” he stammered, trying to turn his body away from Sherlock, “I—”
III. John is surprised to learn that a commanding tone can take Sherlock a long way.
John stared in disbelief at the sight before him.
They stare at one another for a long moment while John tries to formulate a proper response and Sherlock seems to take it as a challenge that he refuses to back down from.  His chin is set and his brow is furrowed in concentration, as if he is trying to will John into acquiescing.
John doesn’t know how Sherlock can be so bloody brilliant and such an amazing idiot at the same time.
“Don’t even try pretending that you don’t know what I’m talking about,” Mycroft cuts his brother off condescendingly.  “You were always such a horrid liar, even when you were a child.”
“Sherlock, I’m not going to clean you up,” John tells him, voice calm and even.  He wants Sherlock to understand.  “We’re going to hospital, and they are going to document every single bruise on your body and drop of blood on your face.  You’ll need the evidence for when you file charges on whoever did this to you.”  He shuts Sherlock into the car and runs around to the other side, slipping into the driver’s seat and putting the car in drive.
Sherlock huffs and writes the rule down.
John felt like it wasn’t quite right, but he was so desperate for anything that Sherlock would give him at this moment, that he reached up to tangle his hands in Sherlock’s dark hair, the sunlight streaming in through their living room window catching in the brunette locks in dirty rays of light and turning it a deep chestnut color.  His fingers tangled around strands and pulled Sherlock close, so that the man couldn’t slip away from him again.  Not now, not so soon.
Slowly, so slowly, John comes back to himself and becomes aware of Sherlock’s body against his own.  Sherlock is trembling, both arms pulled back at awkward angles to try to hold himself up against John’s onslaught on the table in the middle of the room.  There is nothing that he could have used to lean back against, so his arms hold the majority of his weight.  Slight as Sherlock is, John can tell that his arms are about to give out against the force of John pushing against him.  Sherlock’s shirt is a complete mess, wrinkled all over and stained down at the bottom where John hadn’t pushed it far enough out of the way.  Sherlock’s legs are wrapped tightly around John’s waist, his ankles hooked together behind John’s back, and he doesn’t look like he cares at all about the mess John has made of him.  His lips are swollen blood red and shiny with spit, and his fringe is sticking to his forehead where a fine sheen of sweat has appeared, the ends frizzing uncontrollably as the hair dries slowly.  Sherlock’s eyes are still glazed over, his chest is rising and falling rapidly, and he doesn’t even seem to notice that come is dribbling down his cock, dripping bit by bit onto the front of his underwear.
They continue to meet each other at the coffee shop sometimes, when they aren’t able to go to Sherlock’s house because his father has stumbled back to sleep off his current bender.  John hates these times the most, because he knows at the end of the night Sherlock has nowhere else to go but home.  If Sherlock goes there at all.  Sometimes he makes vague allusions to staying out all night, hunting through skips in back alleys for random things or breaking into medical offices to use their equipment.
"John, I—" Sherlock begins, but John cuts him off with a swift kiss.  He doesn’t want to talk right now; he knows why they shouldn’t be doing this, he knows how stupid and dangerous and reckless this is.
“Okay,” Mike says after a minute, and his tone is determined, assured.  He turns to John and nods his head in a panicky manner, settling his glasses back down on his face with jerky movements.  “It’s going to be okay.  You’ll just break it off with him, that’s all.  You’ll break it off with him, and if he decides to get stroppy and go to the police, it will just be his word against yours, and everyone at that school knows about that kid’s reputation.  You’ll be fine, you’ll be safe,” Mike stresses, and John wonders who he is trying to reassure, himself or John.  “You just need to break it off now.”
“Ah, Dr. Watson,” Mycroft says, turning to give John a tight-lipped smile as he watches the older man bend to drop a kiss to the crown of Sherlock’s head.  “You’re back.  Very good.  Maybe you can talk some sense into him.”
Mycroft smiles down at John, and he looks as if he has finally been able to back the ex-soldier into a corner.  “You don’t seem the kind to become infatuated so easily.”
Because Sherlock didn’t look at him that way, anymore.
God help him, yes he would.
“Such a good boy,” John sighs in pleasure.  “Want the rest of it, baby?”
“—Consulting detective,” Sherlock interrupts with a watery chuckle.
Sherlock shook his head, refusing to let Mycroft’s words sink in.  “At least, this way, I can keep him with me forever.”
“John,” Sherlock breathes as the man strokes the last shivers of orgasm from his body.
John pulls back slightly but keeps fucking Sherlock’s face, thrusting in and out steadily.  He knows his boy can’t take a cock that demanding yet, and John doesn’t want to hurt him, so he keeps his thrusts shallow.  He feels Sherlock go pliant around his prick, mouth going slack and throat relaxing as he lets John hold the weight of his head.  John likes Sherlock best when he is like this—so trusting, even after John has tried to choke him with cock only a moment before.
“Y-yes,” Sherlock whimpered.  “Yes, oh God, yes.”
“Yeah,” John says distractedly as he edges his way to the bathroom.  “Yeah, me too.”  And then he slips into the toilet area before she can say anything else to him, wincing as he closes and locks the door.  He moves to sit on the closed lid of the toilet, bringing his mobile back up to his ear.  “Jesus, Sherlock, what are you thinking?  I’m with Mary’s family,” John hisses through his teeth.
John doesn’t know how Sherlock does that—how he turns a nice, comfortable moment into something that grates on John’s nerves, yet still makes the man feel a deep sense of affection for him, aggravating as he is.  It’s one of the many mysteries of Sherlock Holmes, and John can’t help but love him for it.
“Too much.”
“Sad?  Depraved?  Twisted?” Sherlock offers up.  “Yes, possibly.”  He doesn’t seem to be bothered by that fact at all.  “I’ve told you before, John—I’m not a nice person.  I keep telling you, and I keep doing these things that should show you that I’m not a good person.  And you see it, for a little while.  You get angry at me, and you yell at me, and you tell me that I’m wrong and that I’m not good for you.  But then you forgive me.  You always forgive me.  Why are you always forgiving me?” he asks, voice frustrated and angry and sharp.
Sherlock opens his mouth as if to answer John but no words come out.  Instead, he nods his head vigorously, stroking himself faster and faster.  As he gets closer to coming, John can’t help but reach out with his soiled hand once more, rubbing the tip of his finger along Sherlock’s full bottom lip and smearing what is left of his come across the red, plump skin, making it shine with wetness.  Sherlock’s tongue immediately darts out to lick it up, and his eyes slam shut as his orgasm rips through his body, tearing a whimper from his throat.
“Have you discussed names yet?” Dr. Greenwhich asked amicably as the two prepared to depart.  “That’s always something that prospective parents enjoy doing, to make the time a little easier to handle.”
“How very professional of you,” Sherlock says, and it sounds as if it is meant to be an insult.  He stands from his table, hitching his book bag over one shoulder and moving determinedly towards John, looking almost predatory in his intent.  He stops in front of the teacher and John notices that they are very nearly the same height.  “Your sense of honour is quite admirable, but I’m afraid it’s not going to get you very far in life.”
A boy.
That is all that it takes for Sherlock to come with a scream, body pulling taut and muscles going tight.  His cock pulses in his hands, pushing out stream after stream of come that splatters Sherlock’s belly, his chest, a few drops even reaching his neck.  His breaths are coming in great heaving puffs and his stomach is inflating and deflating rapidly with each gulp of air he takes.
For his sixteen year old lover.
foods,” John debated, throwing his hands up in the air in desperation. “You need the nutrients from fruits and vegetables, and the protein from meats. At the rate you’re going, you’ll probably give birth to a jelly-filled, chocolate baby.”
He opened his eyes and looked down the length of his body, unable to control the loud moan that tore from his throat at the sight that met his eyes. Sherlock was moving desperately over him, rocking his hips with an abandon that John had rarely seen in him. His own cock was stiff and leaking precum in sticky globs that ran down the underside of his dick as it jutted out from his body, and his belly seemed so round from John’s point of view, large and delicate, and John couldn’t seem to take his eyes off of it.
“My mum?”
“Tell me something,” the woman asked, crossing her arms and pursing her lips, as if the mere thought of spending any more time with Sherlock was leaving a bad taste in her mouth. “Are you sure the doctors will even be able to deliver something that is half human and half pure evil?”
He tried to shake off the feeling of discomfort that had settled on his shoulders, but he couldn’t seem to. He worried about what all of this meant for the future of his pregnancy, and after. He still had a little over 4 months to go, and this situation was putting him at a loss as to how to deal with it.
“There you go, baby,” John murmurs encouragingly, his calloused hand rubbing over the deep mark he has left on Sherlock’s arse.  “That’s perfect, isn’t it?  That’s it.  Can you come just from this?” he wonders as he pinches the skin.  “Just from me spanking your sore little bottom?”
John stares at the wax colour for a moment, at a loss.  He hadn’t really let Sherlock make any of his own rules the last time they did this, when they were doing it for Sherlock’s benefit and not his own, but he had been sure that Sherlock had agreed to every single rule that was made.  He reaches out slowly to take the crayon and thinks about what he should write on the paper in front of him.  He puts the tip of the colour down to the sheet and his hand starts to move, almost of its own volition.  When he is finished writing he pulls back so that Sherlock can read what he wrote.
He suddenly has the most wicked idea.
As they settle against one another, John takes the bottle of lotion and squeezes a generous dollop of the cool moisturiser out into his empty palm and then reaches down between their bodies, finding Sherlock’s thighs and pressing his fingers in between them, lifting his top leg up slightly.  Sherlock tries to look back at him in confusion but John shushes him quickly and turns his hand over to rub the lotion on the skin at the inside of each of Sherlock’s thighs; first one leg, then the other.
.  John doesn’t want to deal with this anymore.  He has other things to get sorted at the moment.
, he chastises himself sternly.
“We left early.  Because of you,” John states, staring at him accusingly.  “Because we got into a massive row after that stunt you pulled.  We couldn’t stand to even
“Thank you—everyone…I…” he let his words trail off, because he didn’t know what else to say.
He shakes himself and finishes sorting Sherlock.  John doesn’t know how Sherlock does this to him; how he fills John’s mind with nothing but desire, lust,
And now Sherlock stood in a decisive, yet perhaps not as swift as it once would have been, movement. “What on earth are you mad at me for?” he asked with a sigh, setting his violin down gently on the cushion of his chair and turning around to face John once again. “I apologized to Anderson for breaking his nose, even though I didn’t think I needed to—I probably did him a favor and made it a sight straighter.”
X.X.X
He pauses for a moment and stares at her blankly.  And then, “Why can’t I say that I got mugged again?” he asks, out of curiosity.
Yes, he wants it.  It is just what he needs, what he has been craving for days.  It is perfect.
“I was the one who was wrong,” John was saying, and Sherlock tried hard to focus on the words coming out of John’s mouth, on the feel of John’s hand in his own.  “I never should have left you like that.  I’m sorry.  I’m so sorry.  I keep messing everything up and crawling back to you.”  John’s voice broke then, and that scared Sherlock more than the pain, more than the preterm labor, more than the knife he knew would soon be cutting him open while he lay awake on the cold, hard operating bed.  “I’ve no excuse for it—it’s inexcusable, anyways,” John continued, and Sherlock couldn’t be sure if that was one of his own tears sliding down his cheek or one of John’s.  “But you’re doing great now, Sherlock.  It won’t be much longer.  Just hold in there.”
“Oh, hi there.  I, er, was looking for Mary Watson.”
” before speaking in a disbelieving tone, “John, you call me ‘baby’ more than you call me anything else, but you only do it when we are in the middle of something decidedly filthy because you enjoy the contrast.  It turns you on.”
Sherlock makes a choked sound in the back of his throat and presses back against John’s finger.  John stretches him only a little bit before he is slipping a second into Sherlock, causing the boy to whimper and bite his lip as he tries to look over his shoulder at what John is doing to him.  When he is loose enough, John slips a third finger into him, pushing in deep and searching out his prostate, finding it easily in the position he has Sherlock in.
” hangs heavy in the air between them.  “He’s perfectly capable of making decisions on his own.”
“I’m going to have to leave soon, before your wife wakes up,” he tells John, and the man has never heard him sound more miserable while making a deduction in the entire time that John has known him.  “It will be like I was never even here.  You’ll wash up to clean the smell of sex off of yourself, and you’ll be sure to pay extra attention to making up the bed, so that it looks like no one slept on this side.  You’ll act like tonight never happened while you’re around her and at school.”  He pauses for a moment and then asks, “Is that real, John?  Because it doesn’t sound real to me.”
Sherlock sinks into the kiss, opening his mouth to John and letting the man in.  He has always loved the way John tastes, like skin with a hint of tea, and he licks at John’s lips to savor it again.
John drops himself down onto the bed to sit suddenly, pulling Sherlock down with him before he even knows what is happening.  There is a small gasp of surprise from the quick movement, but it is nothing compared to the undignified squawk that is released from Sherlock’s throat when John’s hand lands squarely on his bum, hard.
In the soft light of the lamp, John turns back to look down at Sherlock now sleeping deeply in the bed.  The sheets are a tangled mess around him from his earlier struggling, and his mouth is hanging open widely.  John knows he will end up drooling all over himself in a few minutes, but he thinks that Sherlock looks too adorable to try to help remedy the problem.  John bends down over him and tugs the sheet out from under the dead weight of the sleeping brunet, taking the end of it and tucking Sherlock in securely.  It is a small journey from there to kissing him on the forehead, and John can’t resist the temptation.  His lips linger on Sherlock’s cool skin for a moment, breathing in against Sherlock’s hair.  His face scrunches slightly and he makes a mental note to get Sherlock in the shower after he wakes up.
“I’ve been told a time or two,” Sherlock responds, even though the question was mostly rhetorical.
He gives Sherlock another gentle, wet kiss.  “I’m going to make you feel so good, baby,” he promises on a murmur.  “I’m going to take such good care of you right now.”
Sherlock let out a frustrated growl and gave the baby a violent shake.  “What does it matter?  It’s a bloody doll!” he said, trying to keep his voice down and not draw attention to themselves.
John stopped fidgeting for a moment and looked at Sherlock squarely.  “The shock to your system was pretty bad,” he told the brunette, and Sherlock knew that was John-code for ‘you almost died, you tosser’.  “They had to remove your appendix and purge your abdominal cavity,” the doctor continued, his voice going soft.  “Once they had you stabilized, they kept you under anesthesia for a bit longer, and have been pumping you full of Cefuroxime and Metronidazole ever since, to help kill the bacteria and reduce the spread of infection in your abdomen and to make sure that any postoperative complications in the abdomen or wound haven’t come up.”
He can feel Sherlock watching him, silent the whole time, clutching his toy in one hand and then the other as John occupies each one in turn.  When John is done with his arms, he turns his attention to Sherlock’s gangly, giraffe-like legs, bending over the tub to pull one out of the water and lift it up to better scrub it.  Sherlock giggles and helps him out, leaning back and letting bubbles rise up around him.  He rests his back against the end of the tub and places his ship on his chest, setting it to float lazily across his stomach on the shallow water that has risen over his body.  John gives Sherlock’s legs much the same treatment as he gave his arms, although John can’t help the little lingering brushes of fingers that he applies to the soles of Sherlock’s feet.  It makes Sherlock laugh and squirm in the water, wetting John’s sleeves even though they are up around his elbows.  John chuckles as he delicately places the foot he is holding back under the water and turns to look at Sherlock’s face.  He finds Sherlock flushed in a way that John can guarantee has little to do with the heat of the room, breathing deeply.  His pupils dilate as he bites his bottom lip while looking at John.
Instead of answering him, Sherlock simply sighs and shakes his head slightly, dark curls sweeping in front of his bright eyes.  “Never mind,” he says dismissively.  “Forget I said anything.”
“I never thought I had any more to give anyone, Sherlock.  I didn’t think there was anything left,” he whispers to the teen as he presses a kiss to Sherlock’s forehead, on top of frizzy fringe.  “But I’ll give you all that I have.  I’ll give you everything I’ve got to give.”  He trails kisses down to Sherlock’s lips and spends a small eternity learning the taste of the boy after he has been fucked.  “It’s all for you,” he mumbles softly against Sherlock’s swollen and slick mouth.
“Sherlock, I know how hard it must be for you to tell me what you just did,” John said quickly, as if there were a jumble of words he wanted to get out, and he was afraid that the longer it took to speak them, the faster they would disappear.  “And I just want you to know that I’m sorry, too.  I’m so sorry.  For everything.”  He paused and pulled away from Sherlock’s embrace slightly so that he could turn and look him in the eye, as if he wanted Sherlock to understand, to
John frowns deeply at that, growing slightly angry, and shakes his head, reaching a hand out to grab Sherlock and bring him close.  “That doesn’t matter.
Warnings for this chapter: Some unkind uses of a derogatory term for a homosexual.  I personally hate that word, so I’m sorry if it offends anyone—I used it simply for dramatic effect, and it made me feel icky inside :(
Panicking would get him nowhere, he knew. He heard John on the other side of the room, working on a different part of the crib, oblivious to Sherlock’s small, sudden anxiety attack.
John ends up telling Mary that he got mugged while walking downtown that evening, and that they took his ring, watch, wallet, and mobile.  He has to bin his watch with more than a little reluctance.  It is a
“Bedroom,” he pants against Sherlock’s kiss-swollen lips, twisting them around in the tight corner of the loo where the toilet is, between the tub and the sink.  “Through there.”  John points to the frosted glass door of the bathroom, the one that attaches to the en suite instead of the main entry, and pulls away from him, giving Sherlock a gentle shove towards the bedroom.
And when John begins to thrust and slide the head of his cock over Sherlock’s prostate with every move, the man can’t help the noises that begin to fall out of his mouth.
John set the greeting card down on the bedside table and looked over at what Sherlock was showing him.  “What is it?” he asked.
When John finally managed to stumble his way up the stairs and into 221b, he was unsurprised to see Sherlock sitting in his dark gray leather chair, violin in hand and icy, strange colored eyes staring penetratingly at the door to their flat.
Later that night, he helps Sherlock gather all of his belongings before Mary is due back from her late flight, picking up any trace that Sherlock was ever in the house and making sure nothing is left of him in John’s home.  They don’t speak to one another; they can barely look at each other because they know that it will just hurt too much.  John doesn’t want him to go, but Mary is due back at any moment, her plane having landed some time ago.  Waiting for her luggage and the cab ride home will buy them a little time, but not much, he knows.
John helps Sherlock up and confirms that the bruising isn’t just concentrated on his face.  The brunet winces and draws in a sharp breath at the pain of being moved.  As John half drags him to the car, he notices Sherlock wrapping an arm around his stomach and he seems to be favouring his left leg slightly.  John takes him to the passenger side door and sits him carefully in the seat.  The interior light of the car isn’t enough to get a proper look at his face so John moves to go to the boot, where he keeps the kit with the torch.
“Fucking hell, I love watching you like this,” John grits out, voice breathy and hopeless.  “While you’re driving me absolutely crazy.  You’re going to kill me, Sherlock, I swear to God,” he promises.
“You’re talking to someone in there!” Mary accuses him, quite rightly, but John will be damned if he is going to give in that easily.
The two men stood, stunned, on their front step for a few seconds as questions and flashes bombarded them. It was not something new—being jumped by the media this way—but this was certainly unexpected. John, standing in front of Sherlock, unconsciously moved his body so that he stood in the way of the other man’s abdomen. He turned so that he faced the consulting detective and put his arms up to keep the reporters from pushing in closer to the two of them.
“How would you know what I’ve given up, Mycroft?” Sherlock asks him in a voice that is deathly quiet, speaking for the first time since John has come home.  His knees are still drawn up to his chest and his arms are still wrapped around his legs, yet the look he is giving his older brother says he is anything but reticent.  “You never cared enough to pay any attention to me when I needed someone before now.  Besides, I can reach my full potential right here.”  He reaches a large hand out to grasp John’s, squeezing slightly, in plain view of his brother.  John is surprised by the gesture because he has never known Sherlock to make any kind of outward display of affection in front of his brother.  John knows that nothing is insignificant when it comes to the Holmes brothers, and every word and movement gets logged away as data.
Only after Sherlock gently squeezes the toy past his loosened, red hole does John try to move.  He lifts himself into a standing position with a groan and holds his tied wrists out to Sherlock silently, who unknots the sash without a word.  As he expected, his knees are killing him but, surprisingly, so are his elbows from where they were braced against the floor much the same way his knees were.  He looks down at himself, his lower half completely covered in his own release, the viscous liquid catching in his thick leg hair and matting little clumps of it together.  As he looks himself over he can see that there is rope burn along his wrists and his patellae are a bright, ruddy red from being dragged across the floor.  There are angry looking fingerprint marks all along his hipbones.  One look across the room at the large mirror that is hanging on the wall over the fireplace and John can also see a bright discoloration along one side of his face from where Sherlock pushed his head into the floor, and he is sure that his elbows host the same redness as his knees if the deep soreness in them is any indication.
Looking back on the last few months, he can definitely say that he’s been the worst kind of coward.  Nothing but a stupid, bloody coward.  He knows now, though, that if love is a fight then he is going to die with his heart on the trigger of a gun.  He would do that for Sherlock.  He would do anything for Sherlock.
Sherlock is sleeping soundly next to him.  The thin sheet that Mrs. Hudson gave them yesterday which he had reached for in the middle of the night is now twisted around Sherlock’s long, pale limbs, and there are soft snuffles emanating from his nose.  The bed is lovely and comfortable with their combined heat and scents, and John almost hates to wake him.  He knows how little sleep Sherlock gets in the first place but it really can’t be helped.  As much as he wants to stay here at Baker Street with Sherlock, in this happy little bubble they have created for themselves, he knows that they can’t.  So he leans over Sherlock and kisses him gently on his pliant, sleep-soft mouth.
He loves Sherlock’s lips.  They are perfection.  Absolute perfection.  He can’t wait for the day that he can have them around his cock finally.  He wonders what that flawless heart-shape will look like stretched around the length of his shaft, but he already knows the answer:
—John was going to have his chance.
, his mind thinks frantically.
When Sherlock finishes showing John everything in the bedroom, he pulls the man back out into the house, continuing the explanations of every experiment in every room until they finally reach the maybe-kitchen.  Now that John looks a little harder, he can see that there is indeed a fridge in one corner of the room, so he assumes that his guess is correct.  He interrupts Sherlock briefly to ask if he could possibly make himself a cuppa, and Sherlock waves his hand dismissively, indicating that he doesn’t really care one way or the other.
