“That’s a neat trick, I bet you impress a lot of people like that.” Dean comments as Cas drags him back in his arms.
Dean takes two steps to the window and closes it with a squeak. The moon shines brightly on his bare shoulders, freckles peeking out like constellations. “Well, that’s an easy fix. Come back to bed.”
Dean grits his teeth as Cas resumes leaving wet bruises farther down his chest, “Darcy, if you don’t move your ass... I'm going to move it for you.”
“Really? Didn’t think the bigwigs ventured down to the low levels of nerd-field.” He smirks, any opportunity to remind Sam what a huge dork he was taking advantage.
But that was another matter entirely. Castiel was a bit of project. One Anna had spent countless hours on. She wasn’t about to ruin her chances just because Castiel’s eye lingered too long on the other man.
A grunt from the living room followed by the pad of soft feet on the carpet. Gabriel stands in the doorway, at some point in the last five minutes he got out a bag of candy and is eating jellybeans by the handful.
Four heads nod in agreement as their host, Rowena, banters with the crowd over some anecdote. Castiel tries to listen but his thoughts keep turning back to Dean. While his friends watch the stage, he peaks over again at the bar. Dean is leaning on the server side, elbows propped up on the shiny wood. Completely enthralled with whatever story Rowena is telling. Castiel feels a little pang of guilt, he should be paying attention. They paid good money for these tickets and this is just the kind of event he’d been talking about attending. Sparing one last longing glance at Dean he turns back to the stage in time to hear Rowena deliver a punchline of which he has absolutely no clue what it means.
Becky... No please not yet. It’s too early for her bullshit. He had no choice but to answer her. She had made it more than clear he was at her disposal, anytime.
Dean can feel heat start to bubble in his gut. Thank God he didn’t have any neighbors! They’d be calling the cops by now, or live streaming the whole thing.
It’s all the permission he needs, he buries his face into Cas’s shoulder and lets loose months, possibly years, of pain. He can't stop it, his body wracks with sorrow. All the while a soothing hand on his back, and soft breath at his temple. After what seems like an eternity the shaking stops. He’s made a mess of Cas’s jacket.
He knew it was probably fine, but he hadn't met Jack yet. And Dean didn’t feel entirely comfortable sleeping over when he didn’t even know how Cas’s son would react to him. They had been talking for almost two months, and he felt closer to Cas than anyone he had ever dated. But as far as Jack was concerned Dean was a total stranger. He wasn’t about to ruin things before they even had a chance to get started.
Yes the Bennet house was ramshackle on its best day, and on its worst it was one step up from a dump. But it was home, and despite its appearance those who lived there never wished to live anywhere else. Unless of course Publishers Clearinghouse came along.
“I was ‘sposed to stay in the office, but I got bored. I wanted to watch the game, Daddy’s gonna be mad at me.” A big tear rolls down his nose and plops on his arm.
She lets out another sigh, but it's more of a soft cry. Dean looks over to her and tears shimmer in her eyes. “I'm sorry, it just catches up with me sometimes. I miss them every day.” Her lip trembles, eyes darting away from everyone’s gaze.
“Dean, talk to me. What are you looking for?” Castiel can't breathe, can't even think when Dean looks this scared, this lost. It wasn’t supposed to be like this, was it?
“Jesus Christ Em! What happened?” He drops to his knees in front of her and tries to catch her eyes.
pushed Dean’s limits; well beyond what he thought the other man was capable of. Dean had punished himself, far more than Castiel would have ever done. Edging in a scene was one thing, but Dean had edge himself for five days straight! His good boy must be desperate for release by now.
Breathing heavy he sits down on the shower floor. The power of the orgasm, coupled with his hangover has weakened him. He struggles to stand but makes it. One last rinse and he shuts of the water.
Dean grips him and swirls his tongue around the tip. He can taste Cas already leaking in his mouth. Another groan and Cas’s hands are in his hair. Running his fingers through it, pulling just right at the scalp.
Dean thumbs at Claire as they all get up from the table, “She’s got ya there Em. But hell yeah we’re gonna win this thing!”
“I swear, I make one comment about how nice your ass looks and I’m on lifetime probation!” Gabe throws back his head in laughter.
“Oh I see, now that you’re home and have been throughly fucked, you’re going to turn right back into a snarky bastard, aren’t you Cas?” Dean’s smirking and he knows Cas is going to retaliate. But he missed teasing him this last month. He has a lot saved up.
“No, I’m good for now, but Garth was asking after you last time. You should stop by later.” She bats her eyes at him, and he groans.
“We met last fall during the Netherfield mixer, at that club The Heart. Have you been?” Dean turns back to Gabe, happy to take the attention off Castiel.
“That’s not true, you love being the boss.” He takes a bite of melting ice cream. “Bossiness is one of your best qualities.”
He climbs in and the door slamming echoes off his head and all the way down to his heart. Looking between his knees there’s blood on the floor mats. A whine, like a wounded animal, fills his throat.
“Don’t worry about it, I just need you to throw a party at the apartment Sunday night. And invite all our friends.”
Castiel shoves himself into Dean’s personal space, his nose inches from Dean’s own, “Fine, I'll spell it out for you. When I got to the warehouse in Boulder the Djinn wasn’t there, I searched for victims but when I found none, I suspected it was out hunting. So, I waited, hoping to get the drop on it before it could do too much damage to the person. I didn’t have to wait long till it returned and dragged a body into the warehouse.”
He shakes his head, “No, what’s not fair is I can't even thank Cas because he can barely look me in the eye or stay within five feet of me for more than a minute!”
Dean laughs loudly now, head tipped back against the hospital chair. A lightness fills his chest like he hadn't felt in days. God, he missed his friend so much. It killed him to think he might have lost all of this.
“No, I don’t believe so, but we are strangers so I'm just taking precautions.” Castiel picks up the phone to start texting, but Dean puts a hand up to stop him. Dean points at the phone and then at himself, his eyes silently pleading with Castiel.
Dean opens his mouth to make a smart-ass comment in return but Castiel takes the opportunity to shut him up with another punishing roll.
Cas holds up a hand to stop him, “You don’t have to thank me, if it hadn't been for my poor choices none of this would have happened in the first place.”
Castiel leaves the entryway and follows. In the kitchen Dean has two drawers open and is pulling out a third. Silverware shaking in its tray as he searches. He curses and moves on to the next one. There are five more drawers to open.
“Sure, I mean if you want to talk in the cold that is.” Dean shoves his hands in his pockets but doesn’t move closer. It looks like Cas is going to have to close the gap all on his own.
Pamela laughs, “Sorry to disappoint, but that is true. We are here to tell your fortunes. Castiel and I are both Psychic, in addition to being co-owners of our shop we also come out to events like these to do readings for people.”
Her face softens as she steps up beside him to pet the bird, “A healthy, hearty, baby boy. Your family has been blessed with two fine sons now.”
Dean’s eyes prickle as he pulls his youngest brother into a crushing hug. He’s been sober 18 months, its honestly blown Dean away how well he’s been doing. One small relapse, just after he got to the group home; but his sponsor, a stoic man named Gadreel, helped get him back on track. He had since moved out of the group home back into the house on Winchester street. Except now he was living with two other young men from his program. Finished his GED and got a job as a mail clerk at Netherfield. He really managed to pull his life together. Dean had never felt prouder of him than he did the day Adam got his one-year chip and called him first to share the good news.
“Yeah it’s been awesome, thanks again for the VIP treatment. Kinda feels like being famous ya know?”
It's not a question, he knows Jess and Cassie were close friends. But he should have known the grapevine would have been growing freely already that morning.
They both stare at one another, Dean can still feel the heat on his neck. He rubs its absently, trying to absorb the sensation deeper into his skin. He should say something; now that Cas is here it’s the perfect opportunity to apologize. If Sam and Eileen can stow their crap and make amends, certainly he and Castiel can.
“It’s going to be alright.” He lies, he has no idea what Special Agent Henriksen is here to tell them. But he’d shield Claire from all of it if he could. He only ever wanted to protect her from the awfulness of this situation.
Gabe laughs loudly, “No. Dean-o is definitely the appetizer. He just knows how to fire up the crowd, he’s been doing this a long time.”
One of the men scribbles a hasty scrawl on the paper and they both walk away grumbling about how rude Dean had been to them. Castiel shoots them a glare on principle, they were the ones being rude.
Cas, mumbling from the other side of the door. “Just seeing if your up. Gonna make some coffee.” His voice is already fading down the hall so Dean knows he safe.
“No, my aunt and uncle. They live in Brighton. I’m visiting for the week so we’re having a little holiday.”
“Sam, get the kid and give us the room.” Dean’s voice isn’t steady, and he curses himself. She was not going to get the upper hand here.
Castiel’s breath hitches as Dean’s teeth scrap his collar bone. When did his shirt get unbuttoned? Sometime during their kissing Dean managed to pop the first two buttons on his dress shirt and is already making his way down his chest. His mouth kissing fire across Castiel’s skin.
Dean takes the opportunity to explore more of the dining and living areas, having been so preoccupied earlier. In addition to all those books, there’s artwork and photographs on the walls. Pictures of Cas with his family; smiling with Eileen at a party, the same proud college grad photo from Pemberley, a baby in a, very angsty, teen Castiel’s arms; probably Claire judging by the pink blanket.
Shit, he had to go and open his big mouth. He drains the rest of his whiskey, might as well get good and drunk so he can lay it all out for Sam. He braces his hands on the table, steeling himself for the fight that's about to happen.
Dean smiles, he thinks he’s adorable. And he’s not, not with his green eyes sparkling from the attention and the alcohol. Or with his perfect bottom lip resting comfortably on the lip of his bottle of El Sol. Or the way his eye tooth catches on his tongue, looking at Castiel like he wants to gobble him up whole. And Castiel’s not going to thoroughly enjoy fucking his husband into the mattress later. Or at least he’ll only pretend he won’t enjoy it. Just for the first minute anyway.
She never visited his predecessor this much; she used the fact Sam was “green”as leverage with those who questioned her sudden interest in the coder.
“You will be, here have a glass of water.” Dr. Carter places a paper cup in his hands and Dean sips slowly.
Understanding the dismissal Dean thanks him for everything and heads out the office door. Taking a second in the hall to get his bearings he sees the bank of elevators and chooses the first one for the parking garage.
“We had such a lovely time on our tour yesterday, I still can't believe this used to be your home.” Ellen marvels at the room, thankfully changing the subject.
There’s a tug on the sleeve of his shirt and he looks down at Jack who’s staring at the two adults like they forgot a key step in greeting people.
A hand brushes back the hair from his face and Dean arches up into the intimate touch. His body fighting to stay awake, his eyes are too heavy to open but the lights and shadows dance behind them. His heart beats faster, pumping new life blood through his whole being. His battle worn aches and pains feel nonexistent, when they had been plaguing him for months on end.
Dean looks a little forlorn and Castiel nods in understanding, he’s had a few subs turn out to be less compatible in the playroom than in their personal lives. The relationship was a delicate one at best, he’s had subs that he was exclusive with, others he only knew casually and there wasn’t a sexual component to their dynamic. He'd been keeping things at arm's length in that regard for a long time lately.
“Yes, and you look very cute doing it. Now, don’t forget to come by. Out of costume please!” Charlie boops him on the nose condescendingly and they leave him standing at the top of the stairs frowning.
“Busted...” Dean grimaces aside to Castiel, and then louder to Cassie, “Wouldn’t dream of it. Just saying goodnight.”
Dean keens deep in his chest, still trying with all his might to stay silent for him. Once Castiel bottoms out, he can feel the tremors and shakes of Dean’s hips under him. Planting his hands firmly on Dean’s chest he stops him with a look.
Castiel buries his head under the covers just as his bedroom door creaks open. He shuts his eyes against the quiet pad of feet walking to his bedside. The mattress dips as he tries to regulate his breath, hoping to feign sleep a little longer.
He doesn’t slam the door, he wants to. God, does he want to. But it’s a hospital and, even though he’s in a pisser of a mood, there are plenty of other patients who don’t need to be disturbed by their crap. Stalking back to the elevators, he calls up a car and waits. Toe tapping, hands fisted at his sides; the car arrives and its blessedly empty. Punching the button for the lobby, he pulls his phone out as the car comes to a stop.
His words do just as much to Dean as the touches and kisses have done. He didn’t know he could want someone this much. He had no idea of the fire that burned inside him till he locked eyes with Cas all those months ago.
Dean looks up and sees Cas frozen to the pavement. He stops shaking the man, “You know this guy Cas?”
“Eileen, is Sam coming?” Dean tears his eyes away from Anna’s clear attempt at distraction. He’s not really sure if that’s meant to torment him or Darcy, who is also staring. But right now he doesn’t care.
Dean’s jaw hits the floor and possibly plummets to the sewer. Five hundred dollars, an hour!? Who does this guy think he is, Atticus Finch?
Finished... oh. OH! Dean came just from sucking him off. Holy God, why was that so sexy? Castiel feels his own cheeks flush with pride, and he wraps Dean up in a fierce embrace.
He draws a finger up between the cheeks and Cas pushes back against the touch. His hole already yielding to the pressure of Dean’s fingers, he reconsiders using one finger and starts in on Cas with two.
“It was actually my plan from the beginning, but Uncle Cas here wanted me to socialize with my peers while we waited for my dad to come back,” Claire rolls her eyes affectionately at Castiel’s huff, “You can see how well that turned out.”
Dean pops off, licking his swollen lips and looking up at Castiel with lust blown eyes. He strokes him faster, fist coated in spit and precum. His face utterly debauched from Castiel’s cock, “Come for me Castiel.”
Cas’s sad eyes search his face but only finds doubt. “The day after Jane’s funeral... But Dean you need to know, if I knew that Adam was in danger, they would have intervened.”
But as he’s panicking about how Anna will react she smiles at him. And it’s not cold, or crass. She arches a brows and she catches her bottom lip between her teeth.
New Years Eve; it was in three days. That could be it. A way to get over to the apartment. Maybe he could plan something, get some people together as a distraction. He knew who he needed to ask first.
Saving his daughter the embarrassment of knowing exactly what her wayward father was into, he offers up his go to explanation for anyone who’s not part of the BDSM community, “Internet, Sam got me hooked up on a dating app again.”
Fighting back the tears that already want to prickle behind his eyes, Dean straightens up and exhales heavily, “Here goes nothing.”
His face feels tight, and his left eye is cloudy – There's a cut above his eyebrow and the blood has dried along the side of his face.
“No, well not really. I guess I got a little excited about the idea of a big court case and I sort of... volunteered?”
Even in the dark he can see the blush darken Cas’s cheeks and chest. He closes his eyes. And Dean thinks maybe he won’t be able to. Maybe it was too much of him to ask this first time. But then Cas opens his eyes and smiles.
He wakes up standing alone on the doorstep. Staring out into the cold, dark, night. The rain has stopped but the wind still howls. Why was he at the door? Reaching up to close it something white in his hand catches his eye. It's an envelope; but with no name or address on the front. He shuts the door and tears it open.
Dean continues to kiss across his cheekbones and down the edge of his jaw line. Taking time to savor the rasp of Cas’s stubble against his lips, the salt of his skin on Dean’s tongue. Dean drags his teeth along the column of Castiel’s throat and is rewarded by Cas’s hips brushing hard against him.
It falls whisper soft to the floor. She stands naked before him, her eyes daring him to make some snide comment. But for the first time since he met her, he can’t think of one.
She’s already got most of the kitchen cleaned up and is working on her famous hangover cure. She said her grandmother invented it in the 60’s. But it was probably even before that.
Now that wasn’t at all what he thought she’d make him promise. Why would it ruin anything between them? Sure, the girls had this bullshit fight, but Claire was kind of a loose cannon and she probably got pissed about something her dad did and took it out on Emma. From what Cas told him about his twin, Jimmy was kind of a douche. He's been trapsing all over creation for close to two years, essentially abandoning his daughter in the process. Since Dean knew something about dead-beat fathers, most of the time he gave Claire a pass for having blood in her eyes all the damn time. He’d spent his own adolescent years mad at the world for how his father had treated him and Sammy.
“On repeat, I thought he might skip it tonight since he was mostly asleep already.” Cas chuckles and shakes his head.
Castiel punctuates the question with a finger sliding along the seam of his jeans. Dean keens under the slight touch, but Emma’s cheers over her hole-in-one drown out the sound. Both girls look over to where they’re standing and Claire narrows her eyes suspiciously, “PG rating my ass.”
It had all been driving him crazy, and while he knew it was probably a bad idea he really didn’t want it to stop.
“I assume a pizza party isn’t what you had in mind?” He grins and takes a giant bite of his sandwich.
“My apologies, yes that is what I was thinking. I didn’t know you knew anyone at this firm.” His tone is strained and polite at best but Dean fights to hold back a laugh. He had never met a more serious person.
“No, you didn’t, your brain must be fried from all that hot sex last night!” She giggles and pushes past him to the island, helping herself to an apple from the bowl on the countertop.
Dean moves back to let him hop off the ledge. They’re not quite eye to eye but he doesn’t mind, a step or two closer and he could just tip his mouth down and it would be on Castiel’s. A little thrill rushes through him at the prospect.
“Cas -” Dean starts but Castiel puts a hard hand on his shoulder, and it shuts him up in a hurry. With the pressure of his fingers sinking into the meat of his bicep. Dean forgets he’s supposed to be pissed right now.
Dean hangs his head; she was in the house again. He was probably going to be late for work, and he was going to have to share his bacon with this psychopath.
I wrote this chapter in almost one sitting, I had it in my mind well before I even wrote the last two. It's shorter, and probably the length you should get accustom to seeing from here on out. I've found I tap out around 3K, but have been known to go longer if warranted.
Would you believe me if I told you when I had the idea for this story I had intended it to be strictly porn? Every time I get down to writing all that comes out it plot, plot, plot!
The thumb leaves his mouth abruptly and makes an offensive popping sound as it's pulled out. Blinking into the light of the office, Dean comes back into his mind just as quickly.
The pretty horse whinnies softly into his chest, almost not wanting to alert the other horses she was getting special treatment. It had only been a short time, but Dean was already in love with her. No animal had ever responded to his commands or touch the way she did. Sometimes it felt like she could read his mind and anticipate his every move.
Sam’s eyes speak volumes, but Dean can’t do much more to reassure him now. He can't even begin to imagine what Becky is going to offer. He’s kind of afraid to.
Cas is not about to admit he was forced into the embarrassing world of mascot work. He spent all day coming up with what sounded like a plausible reason to be here with the team.
“Okay, you want to do it alone. Fine, but you always have a home here Cas. No matter what happens. I’ll always be your friend.” And there it is, Dean’s willing to bury all these new feelings of love so Cas has a place to call home. The promise sits like lead in his gut.
Despite pushing the Impala past the posted speed, it’s well after midnight by the time Dean makes it to Pemberly. The grounds are dark, and even though the front gate wasn’t locked, he feels like an intruder. This was probably a mistake; he should have just waited till morning. But he couldn’t, he needed to know. If Castiel was going to ruin his life in one fell swoop Dean was damn sure going to let him know how he felt about it.
Once alone he cleans himself off with a towel, turning the red handle on the faucet all the way over. Scrubbing at his hands like mad. Steam billows around the mirror and he looks up at his reflection.
Twenty!? Castiel was shocked, he had never heard of such a deep cut in any organization. Let alone one that was profitable. The ball club was in the black, for the first time since it was founded five years ago. Why did they want to lay off so many people now?
He pauses, as if thinking very hard. Inside he’s hugging himself with joy. “I’d like that very much Dean.”
It wasn’t a good time; things at home were going from bad to worse. The money Sam was sending home was helping. Somehow, he worked it out with the west coast office to pay his portion of the rent. Dean suspected there were several perks offered to a person of Sam’s skill set.
The crowd laughs again, this time he and Cas join them. Smiling wide, he slips the simple band on Castiel’s finger.
Four nights and nearly a day? The battlefield had been miles and miles from the castle, let alone his own village. How was it possible this man took him in less than a day? Pondering that inexplicable thought, Dean runs his hands up his bare arms, brushing against something far more jarring than the small scar on his chest. Dean pears over to see a bright red brand engulfing his entire left shoulder.
“I don’t know if you’d last long enough for that,” his Dom teases, pressing open mouthed kisses along the base of his spine, "but I could eat you out. Make you come from my tongue.”
have given him my number here.” Cas shoves his hands through his hair, he’s looking around like he forgot where he was.
Cas rolls his eyes, but he picks up a date. Dean can tell the moment Cas really tastes it because his eyes flutter closed.
Dean swivels around in his chair to see none other than Castiel Darcy walking into the bar. He’s accompanied by another man Dean doesn’t know. But Alastair seems to know them both. He glares at the two of them, unable to tear his eyes away.
“She told us, Gabe and I. Rather crudely in fact, that she was, and I quote “Screwing my boyfriend blind on the reg”, it was quite pathetic.” He shakes his head in disgust.
“I agree, she did orchestrate this entire fucking fiasco.” Castiel’s voice is so soft Dean isn’t sure he heard him at all. “And no, you aren’t.”
How the hell did she know that? “Were you following me? I had dinner, with my aunt and uncle there. It was just dinner!”
Inhaling through his teeth, Dean tries fruitlessly to ease his erection away from the other man, but Castiel holds his body tight to the couch with his hips, “Sweetheart, you’re killing me.”
Cas picks back up the rhythm of his hips, matching it with the motion of his hand. Thrusting into Dean and twisting his fist at the end of every stroke. Dean’s unbearably close, heat pooling in his belly as his pulse triples in his chest.
He can’t believe it; Garth and his parents had been their neighbors for years. They practically grew up together. Garth moved out a long time ago but he still came home at holidays and such.
Dean sips his drink a moment and stares at Cas across the table. His expression becoming graver by the minute. Castiel can only blink back at him, was he really upset? Did he truly think Cas was there to spy on the team? It wasn’t nuclear codes; it was baseball for god’s sakes!
No longer just settling for twitches, Dean’s dick strains against the confines of his jeans and he swallows heavily on Castiel’s fingers, pulling them deeper into his throat. The barest hints of that wonderful fuzziness just starting to make its way through his blood stream. He feels himself being pulled slowly beneath the surface of his own pleasure.
The enormity of Adam’s situation overwhelms him. In the early hours of the morning the sun has barely peaked its head over the rise of the buildings surrounding the hospital. He feels like he’s been awake for days. He’s already dreading the moment he’ll finally have to stop moving, he may shatter completely.
“He can’t carry the team Rufus...” Dean mutters as the two men stand on the edge of the dugout. Dean, still in his Buddy costume, tries to convey seriousness through his mask.
She looks at Dean in the back seat and he smiles shakily back at her. He was not looking forward to this one bit. But he had to admit what he’s seen through the gaps in trees has been impressive. Massive topiaries, lush foliage, acres of flowers. It was a gardener's dream.
He feels the bed shift as she climbs on top of him. He hears the crinkle of foil tearing, shivers at the sensation of the condom being rolled on, and when she straddles him his hands still on either side of her knees.
“Cas, I know I'm still basically a stranger to you and it’s probably really hard for you to take my opinion as anything other than meddling. But you’re not a stranger to me, you’re my best friend, you’re my family. When I had nothing, I had you, and when I was at my worst you were always there to help pick up the pieces. Even when I was the one who most likely smashed everything to bits.”
No real new information to be found, Dean shoves his phone in his coat pocket and picks up his food. Chewing slowly, he closes his eyes and tips his head back in the bright June sunshine. Summer was just around the corner; he could feel the heat already starting to seep into his bones through the leather. That was until a shadow passes over his eyelids, blotting out the sun.
Dean grips the cool counter, and his body shakes in anger. He was so fucked... he had to get out of here or he’d end up killing her.
At that moment, a gentle hand cards through his hair and a sob claws its way out of Dean’s throat, "Hush now,” Castiel whispers, “it’s alright Dean.”
With the way his cuffs are fastened, Dean can’t turn enough to reach Castiel. But he straightens up as best he can and looks back over his shoulder at the Dom. His pupils blown wide; his lips already parted in a moan that Castiel silences with a heated kiss. Their mouths grapple in a dirty war full of teeth and saliva and tongues.
“Ooh, whatever could he mean Mr. Bennet?” She arches her back a little and Dean has to shut his eyes. Stop her!! He is absolutely not having a three way with these people!
Reaching up, Castiel finds the quick release on the cuffs and expertly unhooks them. At the loud clink of metal on metal, Dean’s head snaps up in surprise. But before he can speak Castiel is pulling out of him and flipping him onto his back in one smooth motion. Dragging his hips forward, Castiel lines himself back up and slides into Dean all the way to the hilt, thrusting without abandon towards his own release.
What was that back there? Was Anna trying to flirt with him, or Castiel, or maybe both? Wait! Were they in on it together?
He grabs her ankle and starts to drag her towards him and the edge of the bed, his cock already jutting out, rock hard, but she puts up a hand to stop him.
“I can hear you all the way in the kitchen. Dean Winchester, this is no way for a grown man to behave.” Her voice is whisper soft, but it crackles with electricity.
“I love you too.” He sighs, what started out as playful and dirty has suddenly changed into tender and soft. He’s grateful for the time to settle his rapidly beating heart.
“Oh, sure Winchester, get your rocks off and fall asleep on me. I see how it is.” Cas grouses playfully to himself.
They're lying in bed one Tuesday in February, shortly after round three. Dean’s got his hands cuffed behind his head and they’re both gasping for air. He comes down from his orgasm and starts to strain against the cuffs, the key just out of reach on the nightstand.
“G-Gonna hafta buy a big ass mirror for this room.” Dean chuckles weakly and tips his head up for an open-mouthed kiss.
He turns around and Cas has thankfully vanished. Maybe this would be easier than he thought. Cas might not want to talk either. And that was fine, two could play at that game. He scans the room and spies Benny with his arm around Vanessa’s waist. He grabs his friend a second beer and heads over to them.
They’re about to walk right past Dean. Should he hide? Should he say hello? It's been forever since he saw Castiel. The night at the launch party, the dance, the argument over Alastair. No, Dean wasn’t in the wrong on that account. Even if Alastair had been avoiding his calls for over a week now. Why should he hide from Cas now?
“Neither, I don’t need you dress me Sammy. Now get out of my room.” Dean points to the door but Sam doesn’t budge.
Dean’s eyes fly open, he abruptly lets go and the lack of resistance causes Anna’s leg to flop on the floor. She huffs indignantly at the sudden motion.
“First of all, even if by some miracle you walk in the door of our shitty apartment and suddenly get all your memories back, you still are recovering from a major brain injury and have many, many broken bones. You need someone to take care of you when I can’t be there. And I need someone to take care of you. So please don’t think you can fire Missouri or annoy the shit out of her, so she quits. I’ll just hire someone else.”
Sam’s head swivels all around, he scans the crowd for what Dean assumes is any familiar faces. Or one face in particular.
“Will you put that thing away for five minutes?” Dean grunts and Adam shoves the phone in his pocket. Pouting he fidgets in the chair.
Once inside the apartment he looks around. His carefully made decorations are scattered on the floor. Someone put a pumpkin in the microwave. And there are empty cups on every available surface.
Well, that was a loaded question if he ever heard one. He couldn’t blame Cas for being curious, he’s tried his hardest to offer up as many details about their lives as possible over the last few days. Sharing stories from work and their childhood, walking Cas through his social media profiles to point out various friends and groups he belonged to. Cas had yet to message anyone, but his notifications were full of people wishing him well after the accident and requests to visit whenever he was up for it.
Cas steps a little closer, his bare feet brushing Dean’s, “I called up there after you fell asleep. Left a message for him.”
Dean can hear him take a deep breath before opening, the small exhale barely audible from the kitchen.
“Adam! Pick up your crap or I’m snapping the deck in half!” His deep voice echoes through the house.
“I don’t like that calendar... it keeps yelling at me.” Dean pouts and pulls his phone out of his pocket.
All the while their mouths never leave each other. Dean is sucking on Cas’s neck and he feels his shirt give way under Cas’s hands. It falls silently to the floor. Hands running freely across his bare chest.
“Do you know what’s going to happen now sweet boy?” Castiel drapes himself across Dean’s back and nibbles along the shell of his ear, the sub shaking his head no in a silent reply, “You’re going to come like this, and then I'm going to fuck you on my thick cock.”
“Mr. Whickham, I’m sorry but I think we may have wasted your time. We can’t afford that amount of money.” Sam stammers.
Dean still can't get that letter out of his head; he’s even taken to carrying it in his wallet. He reads it on his lunch break, or when he’s riding the subway into the city to see Becky. He was going to need to contact Cas sooner or later. It was clear to Dean that he owed Cas an apology and not the other way around.
Now he can only feel yearning for a place that no longer exists, knowing how he can never get back there.
Cas looks up ahead to where Mick and Ketch are near their car. They’re both shouting and waving their arms around. Cas can’t hear them but he starts to pull away from Ellen as he sees a third man,
“Uh, I don’t actually know what floor Sam is on.” Dean feels embarrassed. He had no plan coming here. And now it was apparent to the two people he despised most.
“What? Does he need help?” Cas glances around. Bennys not a big guy but he may need more that just Dean to hold him off.
“Claire, is everything alright?” He puts his hand on hers across the table. She stares down at it and when she raises her blue eyes to meet his own they’re filled with tears.
“Gentlemen, I'll be back with your next course. You are in for such a treat! It's not very often Ms. Robinson goes off menu. Would you like another drink while you wait?”
Becky turns, “Dean please, join us. I promise I don’t bite. Well not unless you have tequila in the house.” She winks awkwardly at Adam and the poor boy looks away horrified.
“What information?” Dean’s found his voice, and it’s harsh enough to make Becky falter a little in her chair.
Sam didn’t get it; Dean had been living with the fear for years. It wasn’t going all going to vanish in one night, with one conversation.
They drive in tense silence to the apartment building. It’s only a few blocks from the bar, and another few to campus. Dean has the radio on low but he hums along with the band playing.
They were standing nose to nose now, chests heaving. Both, too proud to admit they had each gone too far. Dean searches Cas’s eyes for any sign of regret, but he sees something much darker in the other man’s eyes. Castiel looks down to Dean’s lips and up again. Dean trembles under that gaze, wondering just how much longer he can hold onto this sliver of control.
The sounds of rustling papers comes through the phone, “There’s a meeting at St. Vincent’s over on Madison in 30 minutes.”
Dean swallow back his shock. Cas has a kid... A young one at that. Man, he couldn’t have been much older than Sammy was when their own parents died. That poor little boy, Dean’s heart breaks for him. He knows just what it's like to lose a mother. Dean’s just lucky he got a second one.
Dean knows, but he still can't say it. If he could go back to a moment ago, blissed out and struggling not to soak this inside of his own boxer briefs, he’d be happy. But that wouldn’t be what his Dom wanted either. He wanted to know Dean could complete the task he set, why Dean could be patient for five (very long) nights when he couldn’t be patient for ten more minutes while they reviewed the list. He sighs shakily, staring into those ocean deep eyes. There was something in them, something profound, already drawing him in. Even after only one day, he knew Castiel had him wrapped around his gorgeous fingers, and he was more than happy to stay right where he was.
She sniffs, “If that works for you, I just got it in my head that today would be a good day for it.”
And he didn’t see it or didn’t want to. Dean had been so wrapped up in his own bullshit he missed all the signs Adam was fading away. The schoolwork, the fighting, disappearing for days at a time. Dean never asked to be a father, but it was clear he’d been a shitty one at that.
“Whickham, what are you doing here?” Castiel’s looks like he could smite them all where they stood. Dean thought he pissed Darcy off before, but he was so very wrong.
“How nice, would you like to go back inside? You probably didn’t finish your tour.” Cas gestures behind him to the main entrance.
Claire rolls her eyes behind his back from her position in the red leather chair, “5 minutes since the last time you asked. Will you please sit down?”
And furthermore, he still didn’t know why Cas lied to him about what his mom had said. Cas was going to have a lot of explaining to do the next time Dean saw him.
He stomps out of his room, wearing only boxer briefs and his tuxedo shirt, to where Sam is fixing his hair in the bathroom.
He acted irrationally; his earlier fears of Sam moving out clouding his judgment. He may have pushed Sam further away by yelling at him. Even if it wasn’t in person.
“Hey man, didn’t my friend vouch for me?” Adam resents being called a kid by a random stranger. He stands a little taller, and the other man shirks away.
God he’s so stupid; he should have gotten tested after he caught Jimmy cheating. Now he could already be sick, he could have gotten Dean sick. His mind is screaming a hundred different things at once. He doesn’t know what to do.
The pitch is thrown and at exactly the right moment Sam swings, it’s a hit! Right up center field, past the runner rounding to third base, Sam drops the bat and runs to first. He just misses the tag, he’s safe!
Cas’s hands snake down and tug on his balls, the heady sensation drawing him closer to orgasm. A rouge finger slipping lower to tease over the furl of muscle threatens to push him over the edge.
Dean swears he can hear a sigh of relief from the other line. “Great, I’ll watch for that. You uh... you have my number?”
Dean lets out a little sigh of relief, “Well it sounded like he was for it, but we’ll all need to talk about it.”
Cas lets his voice die off and the song ends with Dean belting out the words. Castiel smiles but his insides feel all churned up. It had been a few weeks since Halloween. Things had been awkward between them, but Castiel was determined to make amends.
Hannah lets out a loud laugh next to him and slaps a hand over her mouth in shock. She's not the only one however, the crowd is already chuckling riotously.
Cain Knight was well known throughout the Lawrence BDSM community and was also a city councilman, while he would have expected Dean to know of him, it was a shock to say the least that Cain would know him in return.
He clearly had been thinking the same things as Dean. Despite his protests it was just a house, Sam still sounded afraid. Dean stands up, shrugging on the role of big brother like an old coat. It would be up to him, again, to find out just how much trouble they were in. And to get them out of it, one way or another.
Cas strokes the hair at the nape of his neck, trying to sooth the poorly contained rage Dean still feels. It’s working, Dean can feel his heartrate slowing with every gentle brush. This goes on for a few minutes then at some random interval Cas will tug on his hair. The sensation thrills him, and the fact Cas knew just what Dean needed to calm down.
“He’s in your apartment. Sleeping. In his own bed.” she looks sternly at Dean. He can feel the shame pouring off of him. This was bad. Very bad.
“Sure, whatever,” the other man shrugs. His gravely voice is another shot to the gut. Dean’s senses are all on edge. Words. Mouth. Speak. Now!
Dean, now finished with his mouthful of chocolate, takes up Castiel’s hand and presses a kiss to the knuckles, “I did at first, but then I think about Cain’s club. Or the girls fighting. I think I would have found you, even if my brother hadn’t gotten involved.”
“Dean?” Sam’s voice quiet as a ghost behind him. And his little brother sounds so scared Dean tightens his resolve around himself. Fighting to hold back the flood of fear in his own heart.
Dean starts it interject but Bobby saves him. “You can just stick with Bobby and Ellen, Cas-ti-el. No need to be formal.”
His doorbell camera chimes through the phone, announcing Sam and Jess’s arrival. Dean hurries down the stairs to the front door. He barely has it open before Jess rushes past him.
Castiel and Claire lead their horses over to the gate and hand them off to a boarder to be brushed down and watered. A task he knows Claire enjoys doing herself, she offers up the reins without a word. She’s trembling, and it’s not from the cooler air.
His eyes scan the paper rapidly, it’s all there. Dean’s phone number and address jumping off the page.
His seemingly endless freckles, more pronounced from their day spent searching through an old graveyard.
He leans against the door frame, white knuckles gripping the cold metal.He can’t believe how young Adam looks lying there in his gown. His skin is waxy, his eyes sunken in, they looked bruised. He’s hooked up to more machines and wires than a goddamn circuit board.
Leaving their fingers joined, he takes his free hand and tilts up Castiel’s chin. His eyes are filling but the tears haven't spilled out. They’re painted the most beautiful blue Dean has ever seen, everything in him aches to just drown there all over again. But Cas didn’t need that, he needed to be lifted up not for Dean to drag him down with him. He squeezes their hands, trying to infuse all the love in his heart into the gesture, even if it was only platonic love from Cas’s side.
That was big news, the Angles hadn’t had new blood on the field in a few years. But that type of move was just going to push people out of the operations departments.
“Yes sir, I was just finishing up.” She bolts out of her chair, fumbling with her takeout container and her purse. “Dean, I uh, I have to go. I’ll... I’ll call you later.”
He comes back reluctantly to the present. Thoughts like that wouldn’t be appropriate here, and surely Mr. Darcy was not someone to be teased.
The sub squirms, looking around shamelessly to see if anyone is watching before angling his head to ghost his lips along Castiel’s jaw, “I’ve been pouting all damn night, if you haven't noticed. You gonna do something about that Cas?”
“Well, that’s not the welcome I was expecting.” Dean bites the inside of his cheek to keep from smiling.
The two of them grapple weakly out of the office door, Emma protesting and Dean shushing her as their voices get quieter and quieter down the hall. As he watches the door closes behind them, Castiel hears Adler shuffle a set of papers on his desk and clears his throat. Making ready for battle, Castiel feels his dominant tendencies take over and he turns back to Adler with fire in his eyes.
She nods and dabs her mouth, “Yes since I was about six. Piano, saxophone, cello, I even tried the harp for about four months.”
Adam had been living in the halfway house for about 2 weeks now, under the watchful eyes of the group home’s director. A burly man named Cliff, he enveloped Dean’s hand in his giant paw when they met and assured him, he’d watch out for Adam.
“Ugh! What am I gonna do?” He asks aloud to his dick, who has conveniently gone back to sleep, so he shuffles off to get dressed.
Cas’s eyes go wide, he runs and trips over an ottoman on the way to his uncle’s desk. On the rich dark wood was a stack of mail, an engraved pen case, and a small calendar.
“You’re never in the mood for company,” she toes off her shoes and slips in beside him, “I was getting worried, you haven’t been returning my calls.”
The praise is a cool balm to his ragged nerves; he had been worried while reading over Castiel’s list that the other man would quickly become bored with the dozen or so kinks Dean marked he had tried. But in his defense, he had checked maybe/interested on 80% of the rest of the list. One of the downfalls of participating casually into BDSM was he never got to build up that level of trust with a Dom to try new things.
“Oh yes,” a musical voice behind him startles Dean’s hand from the bird with a squawk, “Castiel is very friendly.”
“It’s been great, the weather has been beautiful, and the company isn't so bad either.” He winks at his aunt as she sits down next to Claire.
The interior of the house is just as majestic as the outside. Still styled after the trends in design of the early 1900’s. The rich wood floors flow from room to room, every doorway has ornate moldings, there are several chandeliers, and one room even has medallions on the ceiling.
There's another spot of dried blood on his neck, just in the gap where his hospital gown meets his collar bone. Dean wishes for a washcloth so he could wipe that spot away, but the notion felt a lot like a widow preparing her husband for a funeral and he shudders at the thought.
“Arthur, change of plans. I’ll be going to Ms. Bingley’s apartment. And I need to make a stop first.”
“Here, lemme take those.” He reaches out to relieve her of two of them. They make the trip back in companionable silence, which is good cause Dean’s not much for talking lately. He’s only coming to game night because Charlie basically threatened to call his mother about what had been going on. He needed to try harder, he needed to get back to normal. Whatever that was now that Cas was gone.
Castiel feels a wicked grin pass over his lips, and he presses another kiss to Dean’s hair, “What did you say your brother was afraid of again? Something juvenile like spiders or what have you?”
“As one does,” Gabe agrees, “so should I go track down your wayward groom or go tell the band to warm up?”
Castiel’s heart drops; that was today? No wonder she was so upset. His fists clenched under the table. How much more trauma was he going to allow his family to be subject to?
Another groan, “I want... I wanted you like this for so long.” A hot press of lips, tongue sliding along his own. Gasping as his orgasm draws closer.
Gabe bats his hand away, “Castiel you agreed to try long distance dating with a man you just met. He’s is absolutely your boyfriend.”
“Dean, please understand, this case has been going on long before I ever met you and your family.” Cas stares over Dean’s left shoulder, he’s looking right at him, but his eyes won't meet his.
Dropping the feather on the blanket, Rowena saunters to the door of the little room and leaves without another word. Silence hangs heavy as a sodden wet cloak in her absence, the man stares down at the feather in their laps. Dean’s eyes are wide and focused on the other’s face, mapping out the details that seem more like memory than new sights to see.
Next up is the “Ball”, if you’re familiar with the book or film. It will span two chapters. Probably not up till Wednesday since I want post them together.
“Drinks first, then grab a table? Head straight to VIP? Or do you want to mingle with the common folk?” Dean has to raise his voice over the crowd and the music, but it’s not so loud you couldn’t have a conversation.
“Dean its fine. I promise, I'm not upset. A little keyed up maybe, but you can always make it up to me later.”
Working his way along Dean’s shoulder blades, he bites back a moan as fingers dig into the scar tissue. No one had touched him there since PT, and it had been a few years since he had regular appointments. But that had been clinical, cold even. Completely opposite from how Cas was touching him now.
a lot of things, with you. But what I meant was, I would really like to take you on a date. An old fashion dinner and a movie deal or whatever you want kind of date. Would that be okay with you?” He rushes the end and Cas can tell he’s nervous.
He looks back over his shoulder and Cas is staring up at the house. His eyes are red and Dean knows he was crying after their conversation earlier. God, what a life he’s had. He can’t imagine living on the street at only 8 years old! Dean vowed right there on the interstate, if he ever met Michael he’s kicking his ass.
He closes his eyes, those tears from this morning prickle again and, not for the first time, he wishes he wasn’t such a goddamn screw up. She’s won. He let her win.
He was just finished putting the chili into Tupperware when Charlie burst into his apartment. She was in a pair of matching sweats with little Star Wars ships zooming all over the deep blue of space. She had her hair piled up in some kind of scarf with curls pinned under it and a dry cleaning bag in one hand. She was glaring at Dean, eyes practically burning holes into his chest.
Dean stares at a blank screen, coffee steaming at his elbow. Early morning sunlight pouring in the windows, he shifts his ancient laptop to avoid the glare. Chewing on a hangnail thoughtfully, he struggles with where to begin. He’s started this thing half a dozen times. Draft after draft backspaced or deleted altogether. It shouldn’t be this hard to do, he just had to write what he felt.
Stopping short of arm’s length, Dean reaches out to take his hand, “I meant it, I meant all of it. Everything I said to you in there, everything we... did. I meant it.”
Thinking back on the night, he pretty much bailed on Adam as soon as they arrived. And then the whole dance with Cas got him so worked up he had to pace up and down the hall till he could calm down. Which took a lot longer than Dean cared to admit.
The car comes around a bend and the mansion, because there is no other word for it, sits regally before them. Three stories of red brick, with fine white columns along the front of the house. Dean counts dozens of windows, indicating probably as many rooms, just on the front alone. It had to be 100 years old at least.
“Dude, chill! You look like a freaking owl.” Dean whispers. Sam stops and immediately looks down at his shoes.
“Are you also going to be on your best behavior Dean?” Anna asks and her tone has Eileen already on high alert.
Their bowls are cleared and replaced with a salad topped with candied nuts and crumbly cheese. Dean, never one for rabbit food, pushes it around on his plate till Ellen catches his eye and glares silently across the table.
Dean’s mouth is firm and because Cas’s mouth was open, he takes the opportunity to slip just a little tongue in. Castiel sighs and wishes, not for the first time, they had more time for him to explore all the ways Dean could kiss him. But it's over just as quickly as it started.
“Great another smart mouth! so all the carrots and potatoes can get peeled, then we’ll test your chopping skills.” She runs a hand affectionately down his back and Dean can see Cas lean in to her touch.
“Cas! I didn’t know you were coming!” She’s practically beaming at him. Dean however has apparently developed a recent love of carpentry and is staring at the hardwood floors.
They make it till midnight before things start to get rowdy. A few freshman try to sneak some bottles from Harry’s liquor cabinet. And a couple named Chuck and Becky, dressed as Simon and Garfunkel, have been screaming at each other in Charlie’s bathroom for an hour. She’s currently trying to pick the lock. Dean and Castiel are standing by in solidarity, but Castiel is also prepared to kick the door down if needed.
Dressing in comfy pants and a hoodie he shuffles out of the bathroom and goes back over to Charlie’s place.
The three of them are seated along the first base line. Which Castiel was surprised about, seeing as his employee discount usually didn’t afford them a spot this close to the action. Jack had been thrilled when they collected their tickets, he suspected Dean had something to do with that as well.
He rises up from his knees, walks to the door. He gives Cas one last look but he’s staring out the window again. Eyes lost in the painful memories of the past.
Dean flat out refuses to splurge on an Uber. So between the walk, the subway, and the second walk, it takes them over an hour to get into the city and all the way to The Heart.
Gliding around the floor with that... idiotic mechanic. His greasy hands all over him. It took everything in her not to drag him away from Castiel by the hair.
The bottom of Castiel’s stomach drops out with a watery thump. The universe giving him one last big F.U. so he’ll have no choice but to talk to Dean. Stepping closer to the other side of the bar to wait his turn, Dean’s waiting patiently for one half of the couple to stop sucking face and sign off on the receipt.
“Adam, it was keeping secrets from your brother that sparked your addiction. You need to tell Dean.” Pamela’s thankfully not budging.
Dean smiles as he unlocks the door. “We’ll get that name changed on our plate once I talk to the landlord. He’s in Bimini this time of year.”
Wiping eyes and stifling the last of the giggles they grab Cas’s bags and crutches. Making their way through the ICU and down to the parking garage. Dean runs ahead to pull his car around to the door, so Cas doesn’t have to crutch it through the lot and they don’t abandon the wheelchair.
“Daddy, this is boring!!” Jack cries for the third time this hour, it grates on Castiel’s last nerve and he fights the urge to tug at his own already untidy hair.
“I don’t think it’s that. Because she’s been extra helpful too. Getting my team lunches, signing off on all the overtime, she’s even the one who offered to pay for the hotel I’ve been staying in.”
Dean pushes up and run his mouth over Cas’s hips. “I want that too Cas but you gotta slow down. I don’t want you to finish till I’m deep inside you.” Cas’s eyes spring open and Dean knows Cas gets off on this kind of talk. He plans to keep him on edge for while. He finally got him here, he was going to take his time.
The phone disconnects in his ear and leaves Dean blinking and bewildered, naked as the day his was born, sitting on his bed. Kissing Castiel quickly, he jumps up and tugs on a pair of pants and a sweatshirt.
“A party is not an investment.” He frowns into his sandwich. He hated parties. The whole concept; the waste of food, the excess pageantry, the mingling! Why couldn’t he just write check and stay home?
“Oh, he still lives in the woods they say, living off scraps and such,” Ellen chuckles as she starts spooning mashed potatoes on his plate, “you should see it in the town square, just mad as all get out to still be hanging around.”
Deans watches in shock as he realizes what Cas is going to do. He feels the movement as Cas strains to reach with his hand. Wishing with everything he could see those long fingers rubbing over that tight hole. Feeling the puckered skin as it slowly gives way under that pressure.
“So, about that drink?” Castiel inches closer across the bar, his hands a breath away from touching Dean’s.
“I’m going to bed,” he blurts out and pushes up from the table soup bowl shifting harshly in his wake.
Cas holds his gaze for a moment longer than necessary, blue eyes searching his for something more. Dean fights the urge to look away, being trapped like this, it felt like Cas could read every thought in his mind.
Castiel slides off the bed and picks up his own discarded underwear, “I will probably shower, but I think I'll head back to my place. You and Emma need some time to sort out what happened. But you’re to call me if you feel any signs of drop, understand?”
“I can’t pay you and the bank, if it’s money you want, I’d rather take my chances with them directly.” He moves to stand, and she lashes out and grabs his arm.
“Keep your shirt on, the speed limit is like 35 in here. We were fine!” Dean does not want to deal with this right now. He just wants to get home and forget this whole night ever happened.
There’s a black town car parked in his spot. He squints through the windshield, wipers flapping like mad. He doesn’t recognize it, climbing out he jogs up the drive but doesn’t slow past the car door.
“So get this,” Sam holds up a letter. “We got another notice about that firm wanting to buy the house.”
“Hello Dean, Sam.” Both men turn around and Castiel feels the barometric pressure of the whole room change.
His brow furrows as he stares down at Dean’s text. Working himself up, what in the world did that mean? All he had told Dean back on Monday was that he wasn’t allowed to come till Saturday. No, that wasn’t all. He had instructed the Sub he could touch himself as much as he want as well. Had Dean taken that literally? Did he push himself because he thought that’s what Castiel wanted? He needed to clarify this right now, he could have potentially punished Dean beyond his own limits.
He murmurs in the other man’s ear, “Well Dean, while I'm a little disappointed I didn’t get to see that, I'm extremely flattered.”
“Hey Dean-O! They wanted me to come tell you it's about time for the first dance. Where is your husband?” Gabe fists his hands on his hips, chastising Dean cheekily for already misplacing Cas.
Dean comes around the corner, tie already on, looking smug. “I offered to do it.” He says and cocks a hip on the door frame.
“You’re cute when you’re cranky you know that?” Dean smirks as Cas yanks his hand back and crosses his arms.
They were going to have a serious talk tomorrow, later today, about his choices. He rolls over with a groan, he had to be up in like four hours. He should be sleeping not worrying about how everything played out.
“Yeah, I probably could have, but it’s just a job. Just a title Cas. I’m not like a millionaire or anything.” He technically was, but if Cas had reservations about his status, he’d keep that fact to himself a little while longer.
But they’re so damn on and off again that Dean didn’t really believe him. He should have believed him. He should have been meeting people to room with the whole time! Now it was three weeks before the start of school and he was starting fear he’d miss the next rent payment.
Dean pushes past him, avoiding the bowl and stalks towards the kitchen. His feet sliding on the tile as he skids around the corner. “Not those keys!” he shouts over his shoulder.
Castiel lays silently a moment, clearly assessing his options. Something about how serious he considers what to say sends a rush of love through Dean. How was it possible, that this man was all Dean had ever dreamed of?
“Yeah I said I liked the song, now your supposed to comment on the size of the room or that the turn out was great.”
Dean doesn’t, he’s just as upset as the rest of them. He claps a hand on Owen’s shoulder who tosses his batting helmet on the bench.
Then to make matters worse Anna stole his phone so he couldn’t call for his driver. He sounded like a petulant brat but she’d been at that a lot lately. The adolescent behavior she engaged in with him was getting on his nerves.
“I guess not. He’s never shown interest in going before.” Dean feels a twinge of guilt. Would it really be fair to leave Adam alone for a whole week? But on the other hand, it’s not like they saw much of each other anyway. Dean shovels a bite of potatoes in his mouth and mulls the thought over. He didn’t have any plans for this week besides cleaning out the attic, working on the Impala, and probably fighting with Adam. This could be a great idea. He could avoid Becky, Adam, and the still present guilt over Cas’s letter. It would be a real vacation.
She chuckles, “oh you’re a funny one Dean. Look I know this is a lot to take in. Why don’t you think about it?”
“Please sit down,” Claire gestures to the grouping of chairs arranged on the ornate Persian rug, “I know you’re in a hurry Agent Henriksen, I’m sorry if my brother is stalling on my behalf. It’s Jane’s birthday today, so I’m a little sensitive given the circumstances.”
Dr. Carter is on his feet and comes around to side of the desk, “Breathe Dean. Nice and slow, okay?”
“Becks, I’m so sorry. That burger, ugh, I think it had gone bad. I was in the bathroom all night.” He puts a whine behind his voice and crosses his fingers for luck.
“Yeah, no. More like planted a wet one on him and said you wanted to take him to bed kind.” She looks mortified for him. Dean’s done a lot of stupid stuff at these parties but in all the years he’s known her, she’s never looked at him like this.
Castiel nods silently, resuming his thrust, but it is slower than before. He pauses every time Dean grips his arm. Giving him time to get used to the sensation. It only takes a few minutes more but soon Cas has bottomed out and his hips are pressed up all the way against Dean’s ass.
Dean’s smile falters a little; he kind of wanted to go out a grab some drinks tonight with Sam. A little liquid courage to help with all the bad news he had to deliver. But that was fine, he could do it later.
Something rattles around in the back of his skull, a couple loose coins in the bottom of a tip jar. Um... shit.
Dean smiles at it fondly and his eyes sparkle as his car roars up the drive. It’s sleek black exterior looking as out of place as the owner; for both were finely tuned machines. Almost too beautiful to look at directly. But you really wanted to look just the same.
This was the single worst day of Castiel’s life. He was sweating profusely in his angel costume, he’d already been headbutted in the crotch by an unruly toddler, and he was pretty sure over half the people here wanted to see him grievously injured.
He could at least see what this Dean person looked like. If he wasn’t initially attracted, he could grab a coffee on pretense and make a graceful exit. It’s not like Dean would know what he was there for in the first place. The corners of his mouth twitch in what only his closest friends knew was a smile. This could have the potential to either be a hilarious story or an interesting change of pace from the norm. There was no harm in looking after all.
couldn’t control either. Your dad, your brother, Jimmy.” He ticks them off one by one. “Guess you’re taking the blame for all of it huh?”
He finally turns to see Castiel’s friend Gabe walking up, that mischievous smile plastered on his face. Gabe was an interesting guy; Dean was still trying to figure out how a guy like Darcy got hooked up with someone like him. But he hadn't known Gabe was Becky’s boss. That was interesting.
“It’s in the kitchen,” Jack jumps out of his chair and bolts to get his stool from under the sink. Dean stands to follow.
Castiel squints at him, titling his head to the side. He looks like he’s about to dispute that fact but instead he straightens up.
His chest feels tight, like there’s a band around his heart, so he does as she asks. Letting out a shaky exhale at the end, “I’m fine,” he finally replies.
“Yeah well I can’t believe, you can’t believe it.” Benny rolls his eyes. They’d been friends since freshman year, Benny saved Dean when a group of drunk seniors tried to jump him outside this very bar.
Castiel thrusts one last time, already sliding out of Dean in the process. He collapses on top of him, their hearts crashing like ocean waves through their chests. Gasping for air, Cas presses an open mouth kiss to the underside of Dean’s jaw.
The apartment looked great, Meg borrowed a ton of decorations and lights from the theater department and the whole building shined on top of the Christmas lights they still had up. Music poured out of the open doors and everyone he saw had a glass of champagne.
The crowd claps and jumps to their feet, Adam lets out a little whoop behind Sam’s shoulder, and Cain steps back to give them some room. Castiel notices all of this, but also sees none of it. He only sees Dean, smiling from ear to ear at him. The miniscule gap between them closes and they collide in a near perfect kiss, only waylaid by the fact they are both trying to grip each other's faces at the same time.
He bright eyes still crinkle at the corners when Ketch and Castiel reach them. He turns to Castiel and it’s like the whole world drops away.
Picking up the paper from the table, Castiel squares his shoulders and wills himself to relax and be present in the moment, “All right, I think we’ve had enough time to read this list, don’t you? Are you ready to discuss?”
She’s staring out the window at the rain soaked grounds, her fork resting in her hand. But Castiel can see she is only pretending to eat and hasn’t moved a muscle for the last few minutes.
With sweat already glistening across Dean’s strong back, Castiel gives into the urge to run his tongue along his golden skin. Twisting the head of the vibrator around, as Dean’s hole opens under it. Pressing firmly, he breeches the rim, and his sub gasps out a shaky sigh.
“You want my help?” Jack tilts his head to the side in an expression many people would say was Castiel to a tee.
“And why aren't they calling her for those updates? They’re her client, aren't they?” Cas is trying so hard to make him see there’s a problem.
Dean wipes a hand over his face, “Buddy look, you have to understand. I can't be worrying about you all day...”
Punk kid... He was going to have to set the record straight on what Adam would or more specifically would not be saying regarding the case against Whickham.
“No, Hell no. You have me, we’re family Cas. We’ve always been family. You’ve stuck with me through so much shit. You don’t even know... and I'm always going to be here for you. Capiche?”
Dean was exhausted, he hadn’t been sleeping well. And the deadlines for the paper were piling up. Classes didn’t start back up for a few more days but that didn’t stop him from trying to cram as much work into his winter break as he could. Plus side; The more he worked the less he thought about whether a certain person was coming home or not.
Castiel knew it was something his mother had always wanted but in life could never devise a way to do so. Instead she funded scholarships, had benefits for musicians and artists directly through the school. She would have given every last penny if father would have let her.
Dean blinks in surprise, the glaring lights of the hospital’s entrance shining like a beacon in the night.
Dean wails desperately, his hips searching for any purchase as he bucks up off the mattress, “Kiss me, please baby I need you.”
Cas blanches at the question and Dean wishes he could take it back. Cas shouldn’t be divulging that info to him.
All three women laugh, and Ellen pulls him into a hard hug, trying not to crush the boutonniere at his lapel.
He points over the road past Dean’s shoulder and sitting right between a stationary store and a massage therapist is Blessed Tea, the shop he and Pamela told the group they owned. He’s been less than a hundred yards away from Castiel the whole time. What were the odds?
His tongue swirls around the head and presses on the underside at the vein there. Licking up his shaft, his other hand finds Castiel’s and grabs it tightly, leading it to the back of his head slowly. Castiel cards his fingers through Dean’s hair and grips the crown tightly, realizing Dean wants his own bit of manhandling and relishing in the opportunity to do so.
Cas opens one eye and glares at the other man. “I’m allowed to be thankful, it’s part of the damn holiday!”
“Mrs. Naomi is right outside if you need anything okay?” Cas was already backing to the door. If Jack didn’t notice him, he may have been able to sneak out undetected. Jack was wrapped up in a battle of good vs. evil with Red Hood and Batman.
Dean’s name and address, right there in black and white, he’d been so focused on finding out what she’d been up to he never even noticed it.
Looking back down Castiel smiles fiercely, he grips Dean tighter in his fist. Delivering another punishing thrust, Dean cries out.
In the cab he rubs his bare hands together and squeezes them between his thighs. Pins and needles prickle the skin as he curses over his missing gloves again. It’s a short drive to his own apartment so the truck’s just getting warm by the time he pulls in. Sliding over the icy pavement, he flips the bird towards the landlord’s apartment for neglecting to salt the walkways. He stops at the door and looks down at the bucket of salt at his feet. Thinking about the few older ladies who get out for church on days like today he scoops a cupful and goes back to sprinkle it along most of the walkway.
Releasing the hold on him, Cas takes Dean’s hand and drags them to the elevator. Nodding briefly to Tony, he swipes his key card, his free hand running down Dean’s back possessively. Each touch burns further into his skin, heating him from the inside out.
“Cas you have to go to HR, or the owners, or somebody! This isn't right!” Dean shouts, he stands up in a rush and paces around the deck.
Castiel squints at him, tilting his head to the side. Which given the angle of their bodies is kind of impressive.
He disconnects the call and breathes a sigh of relief. Now if he could just do that for the next four months maybe he could get out of this nightmare relatively unscathed.
He seemed... betrayed? Which now that Dean knew the circumstances of that confrontation, it was kind of a sick joke. What the hell did Castiel have to be upset about? He was the villain in this story. Wasn’t he?
Pamela sweeps her dark hair over her shoulder, “Now what shall we do with all of you? Castiel and I can try a reading of the group, we can do individual tarot draws, or whatever the birthday girl wishes.”
The party had been a total disaster. Between Adam, fighting with Cas, and avoiding Anna he really had a lousy time.
Freshly showered, shaved, and dressed in a clingy pair of sleep pants and tee shirt he had nothing to do but wait for Castiel to show up for their date – not date, scene. Was it a date? Were they dating now? Taking aside all the contractual talk and planning, he and Cas never actually got around to the other aspects of their relationship and what his intentions were. Jesus Christ, he sounded like a ditchable prom date... This was not going to be a
Dean’s heart stutters in his chest, he’d love to take a walk with Cas right now, but he wasn’t ready to talk to him yet. About the letter, Alastair, and what happened between them. It still felt too fresh, the wound still healing itself. So, he buries the desire for company and forgiveness under a mask of humor. God he was such a coward.
“This isn't trouble Cas,” he puts a hand gingerly on his bad shoulder, “I can take a couple extra minutes to keep you comfortable.”
“My apologies, I didn’t realize that was today. Should I go talk to her?” He wanted to. He wanted to go pull Claire into his arms and tell her he was going to fix everything.
“Hold on to that anger Dean. Castiel doesn’t want it now. But in time he’ll need it. He’ll need you to fight for him. For whatever you are to each other.” Ketch strides past him and goes to Cas’s room.
Castiel bites his cheek to keep from smiling, or possibly crying – it's a tie at this point. Dean looks seconds from breaking, he may already have. And if he doesn’t tread carefully here, Castiel may just push him to the point of no return.
Castiel’s eyes fall again to the feather between them, as a boy Dean had thought the beautiful trinket had been a talisman of sorts. Some powerful God-like magic keeping him safe for all the seasons of his life. But really it had been Castiel; watching over him, filling his head with praise and love, touching him in a way no other person ever had. That last thought seems to hit them both at the same time, as heat coils deep in his belly and Castiel’s face darkens further.
Dean slowly nods, most of Becky’s coworkers still thought he was a doctor. A lie he got out of her after their second Friday lunch, when the receptionist mistakenly called him Dr. Bennet in front of her. So, in this building, and maybe once or twice at the hotel, he was Dr. Dean Bennet, Pediatric Heart Surgeon.
Dean steps further in the room and kneels next to the bed. Maybe he wasn’t as comfortable with his dad dating as Castiel had thought. But six was a little young to have the ‘what are your intentions with my dad” talk’, wasn’t it?
Dean waves back trying desperately not to breakdown in front of the coffee shop workers. He looks at his feet for a moment and when he glances back up Sam is gone.
Castiel read the same paragraph four times; the words are right there; he reads them, but his eyes can't seem to go further along the page.
“I’m gonna cum baby, oh fuck Cas I’m cumming.” And Dean empties himself in the back of his throat as Cas’s own orgasm rips through him, spilling out into his hand.
“What else Cas?” Running his lips over the sensitive skin. His fingers digging in the meat of Castiel’s back side.
“Good,” Castiel says, still working the first finger in his hole. He adds a second, gasping a little at the burn, “and Dean, if you come before I do you won't be coming for another week.”
“You can’t keep up this grumpy act now, you know?” He pears down his nose as Cas lifts his head slowly.
“Hi, I’m Dean. I uh, work here at the ballpark.” An understatement to be sure but he holds out his free hand in a friendly handshake.
“You need some sleep Castiel, come on, let’s get you to bed.” And he pulls the young man up out of the chair. Body limp like a rag doll. He guides him to the guest bedroom and helps pull his shoes off.
He still won't look at him; Castiel knows not to press him for more. Battle lines have been reestablished; and Castiel's retreated far back beyond his own borders. It’s for the best, Dean has no idea the things Castiel felt still linger. And he wouldn’t understand the bone deep longing Castiel feels sitting here now. Days ago, he could have reached across the table and taken that hand into his own. He could have pressed it to his lips enjoying the flush across Dean’s face.
It takes more than few tries for Castiel to urge Dean up to sitting so he can drink from the juice bottle held out in his hand. After wiping up as much of his own mess as he could with a washcloth from the bathroom, Castiel quickly investigated the kitchen and found small bottles of orange juice with straws stocked in the fridge. He warms up a second cloth at the bathroom sink and begins to clean Dean’s body while the other man lies back against the pillows.
There's a collective laugh from his friends who all know Dean is as stubborn as a mule and works harder than everyone at the comic book shop. It’s not that he hates his boss, but nobody really liked Chuck. He was kind of a weasel and spent all his time working on his graphic novel while Dean basically ran the store. But he loved the store, loved the people, he even loved the business side of it. He never expected to be good at it since he only had a GED.
“Fuck,” Dean grits through his teeth, he was going to blow his load right there and waste the opportunity to have Castiel’s filthy mouth wrapped around his cock.
He wipes a hand over his face, trying to erase the heat from his cheeks. It had been some of the best kissing he’d ever experienced. But he wasn’t about to tell his family all of that.
He has no clue what she’s going to say. But telling Adam that, making him worry too, it wasn’t going to help anyone if he got hysterical.
“Because it didn’t seem like the right thing to do.” Cas finally says. “If I told Dean what she had said, what it meant to me, then I would not have been able to leave him again. And I knew I wasn’t ready to stay. We still... I still have a lot of work to do.”
Adam points at him, “See he can't even be bothered to listen. You should have just let me die Dean! Then you could spend time with your rich boyfriend and forget all about me!”
, he and Cas were both adults and if they wanted it to be a casual deal then that’s what it would be. But it didn’t feel casual; Dean had done casual before and he never acted like he had in the last week with any other partner.
“I called you?” he asks quietly, watching as the man nods minutely. And then, with more certainty, “I prayed to you. You’re Castiel.”
Two chapters in one day?! I must really love you guys. We made it to the end of our journey! I hope you enjoy!
Their words have taken on a double meaning. Their glances have gotten longer. Their touches linger. After Dean kissed him in front of his siblings Cas had to go run cold water on his face just to calm down. And he’s woken up achingly hard every morning, wrapped around Dean like a python.
He can't help but grin back. Second only to his own birthday, and possibly the birth of his future niece or nephew, this day was going to be one of his favorites this year. The energy of the park was palpable, the stands were packed with people. It wasn’t every day you had a home opener against the team you trounced in last year's championship.
“Alright if ya’ll have finished... we got a dinner to get to.” Bobby breaks the tension, his gruff voice rising above it all.
Shuttering away those less than pleasant thoughts, Castiel rounds the corner to Dean’s bedroom and halts. Still struck dumb and blind at the sight of this strong and sometimes arrogant man kneeling before him. His beautiful body, still and composed while he waits patiently for his Dom to arrive. By Castiel’s count Dean had been kneeling for close to thirty minutes, his feet had to be numb, and his poor knees surely must be hurting even on the soft rug beneath him. But still he stays; back straight and tall, eyes cast down willingly, coiled in anticipation for whatever Castiel had prepared for them.
“Yes, I think I might owe you an apology for that. I shouldn’t have let it go that far.” Castiel avoids his gaze.
No! He insulted him, publicly and privately; which caused a huge scene. Anna got a real kick out of that. She was shaking with laughter in the limo. “I think you insulted the boy’s honor Castiel!”
“Son of a bitch! Sam, that’s so... so awesome! You really deserve it man.” His chest swells with pride.
It had been about 2 months since Cas moved in and Dean thought it was going pretty well. Cas’s stuff was pretty minimal; mostly books and a lonely suitcase. So between the two of them he was all unloaded in an afternoon. And the rest, as they say, was history.
“I might have HIV.” Cas whispers; “I could already be sick... I could get you sick Dean.... I have to go.” The reality of his words turns Dean’s belly to ice. Any words of comfort or hope wither in his mouth like ash. His arms fall limply to the floor.
“I’m having a great time Daddy.” He smiles innocently up at Castiel and lets go of his father’s leg. Sitting down he resumes playing with his action figures on the office’s threadbare carpet. It was a spartan room, more of a closet than office. Metal desk wedged in a corner, uncomfortable rolling chair, there wasn’t even a window! His own office back home was much nicer, Castiel sighs as homesickness briefly washes over him.
Cas intertwines their fingers and leads Dean into the stunning lobby. There are very few people coming in and out this early, a man at the front desk nods to Castiel as they stroll past to a single elevator. Cas pulls a card from his pocket and swipes it. Dean can barely hear the hum of the elevator coming down over the blood pounding in his ears. The doors open and Castiel lets go of Dean’s hand to let him in the car. As he turns to the keypad another couple walks up to the elevator, Cas holds his hand up.
Castiel laughs at the question, his head spinning and his pulse galloping in his chest. Everything about their encounter tonight felt like kismet, all that talk about missed opportunities only to end up gasping in each other’s arms. It felt like a big cosmic joke, but one he was more than glad to be part of the punchline for once. Whatever the universe had in store for him and Dean, Castiel knew he was going to enjoy every minute of it.
Dean uses his words... sometimes badly. Someone knocks some sense into him. We learn a few of our favorite things, and find a glimmer of hope in a sea of angst.
He peppers kisses along his neck and collarbone. Licking, tasting, Cas moans a little louder and Dean going to have to shut him up. His family’s asleep down the hall.
“Smells good in here,” Dean comments as he walks over to the fancy coffee maker. More than at home in Benny’s kitchen he doctors his cup of coffee and leans against the counter to watch Benny sauté vegetables in a big skillet.
Laughing through a moan, Dean’s movement’s speed up, “What since yesterday? You’re insatiable you know that?”
There’s a room converted into a studio of students painting and a grand ballroom with a lone piano. A young blonde girl is playing, and her music is so beautiful Dean can’t help but stand a listen. Leaving the group behind, he lingers in the doorway as she plays.
The MudDevils had been on a bit of a winning streak lately, and according to Dean, Sam’s agent had been on the phone with every team this side of the Mississippi. There were serious rumors of him to get a call from an MLB scout any day now.
He kisses him hard. Tongues intertwining teeth scraping, he can feel Cas run his hands up the back of Dean’s shirt and start to tug. He shucks it off and the skin to skin contact pushes the boundaries of his control further. Cas bites and sucks at Dean’s neck, marking him with his mouth.
He opens his eyes slowly, in the dim light of the warehouse two shadows crouch in front him. He blinks and the shadows vanish, something grips him tightly and the room swims into focus.
Castiel unhooks the cuffs, rubbing any stiffness that might be there. Slipping off of Dean, he releases his ankles as well and pulls the comforter up over their sweaty bodies. His pulse still hammering in his throat, Castiel sooths his sub’s no doubt aching muscles as much as he can before dropping off into exhaustion with his lover wrapped up in his arms.
“Right, so do you need us to contact a doctor for the test or will you be handling that on your own?” Mick asks, raising his cup to his lips.
“We talkin’ about the girls, or you and me here Cas?” Dean blatantly eggs him on, ignoring the alarm bells and terror clawing at his throat. This wasn't what he wanted, but he can't stop the words from tumbling out further, “because you’ve made it crystal fucking clear how your last relation-”
Dean doesn’t even want to unpack all that right now. Adam was his problem, and he resented the hell out of Cas for throwing that in his face. He can’t believe how manipulative Cas is. He’s ruined lives just because he thought he was right. He did it with Sam, he even did it to Alastair. He did it to Alastair too...
God, he was so sunk already. How was he going to get through a whole kink negotiation without wanting to drop to his knees? Inhaling a heavier version of the woodsy cologne he caught scent of earlier today, he sighs contentedly “Hey Cas.”
Cas has got a look in his eye that, if Dean’s not mistaken, he’s wanting a very different kind of dessert right about now. And he’s aiming it right at Dean. Cassie’s already turning back to her book so she can’t see but Dean can sense Cas’s hand reach out and then feels him softly brush his fingertips over the top of Dean’s hand. It sends a shiver down his spine.
She swipes her key card, and it unlocks a set of interior doors. They enter a long hallway lined with photos of patients. Most are smiling faces, shown to be thriving in recovery. There a few memorial photos mixed in, showing that sometimes addiction is a battlefield that some people don’t walk away from.
“At first, I was, it felt like charity. Then it felt like a ploy to get Adam on the hook for testifying.” Dean stops already seeing the panic growing on Castiel’s face. “I know it wasn’t that. I’m only telling you what I felt at the start. I talked to Bobby, he set me straight.”
“Well let’s give the birthday girl what she wants.” Pamela answers and the tension surrounding the group is once again broken.
“Okay, okay. I’m sorry. Please don’t cry Charlie.” He wraps his arms around her and she sniffs into his chest.
Dean recalls bits and pieces of that day; Emma and Cas got on like a house fire, so he felt no need to hover over their conversations when she visited. That must have been when they discussed his family.
Dr. Carter is wearing a white coat over dark green surgical scrubs. His mane of silver hair is plastered down on his head as he pulls off a scrub cap covered in a hexagon pattern. Sitting down across from Dean he looks bone tired. He drags his hands over his beard and then sets his open fists on the desk. His blue eyes are clear but fatigued. His mouth a grim line that can only mean bad news for Castiel... and Dean.
Cas pushes the other man’s pants down and smiles in admiration at the sight of Deans rock hard dick in front of him.
Dean chuckles, bringing the hand up to his lips, pressing a kiss to his knuckles, “Easy tiger, maybe we’re moving a little fast. I mean, we did just meet yesterday.”
He stomps down the path till he comes to a stone gazebo by a small lake. It’s cooler here in the shade and he wraps his arms around himself. Sitting down on the curved bench he’s stares out at the water. The day had started out so well, now Dean felt like he was spiraling out of control. Conflicting thoughts duke it out in his mind.
“Besides, my answer shouldn’t really surprise you, I have other reasons for turning you down, you know I do. Do you think in any world I'd be interested in somebody who ruined my brother’s life?”
Down on the field Sam jogs back out next to Owens and waves his hat to the crowd. Dean whistles loudly.
“Castiel, I think you’re right.” Gabe purrs, “We’re all pretty tired, and it's been an awesome birthday. I truly appreciate you all coming out and spending it with me.”
“Shouldn’t you be out firing up the crowd? Overgrown circus clown...” Rufus spits on the ground, not even looking Dean in the eye.
Crossing his fingers mentally he hopes that’s enough of an explanation for Cas, he really didn’t want to hash out thirty years of Winchester drama right now.
Meg’s next to Cas chatting with that Crowley fellow who seems to pop up in the most unexpected places. Cas isn’t actually sure if he’s a student.
They walk to the kitchen and Jack drags his helper stool out from beneath the sink. He washes his hands as Castiel takes out the wet ingredients for waffle batter. He didn’t know how to cook much, but breakfast seemed to be one of the few things he excelled at.
Castiel looks down and the china cup in his hands. The urge to hurl it against the wall overwhelms him. There was nothing he could do now, for Claire, for Jane. He was powerless. No amount of money could be thrown at the problem. He couldn’t force the DA to reopen the case, any more than he could force Alastair to turn himself in. It was hopeless. He sets the cup down slowly; he didn’t trust himself not to act on his impulses.
Something in her voice sounds so fragile, he regrets every thought he had today about the altercation. He knew deep down things weren’t as they seemed, but her insistence in Adler’s office had him believing along with the other two adults in the room. He should have given her the benefit of the doubt. He should have pushed Dean to let Emma explain what she desperately wanted to say. But he did none of those things, and now he felt like a coward.
He wants to throw it out the window, or better yet drive his car right into a parking garage pylon. Anything to keep her from contacting him ever again. No house was worth this. His childhood home could dissolve into rubble if it meant Becky couldn’t touch him anymore.
He walks in and starts removing his scarf, hat, and outer layers. His hair is long and in need of a trim. A fact Ketch seems to remind him of daily. But he has started putting weight back on. Both of his uncles made sure of that.
Cas closes his eyes briefly but when he opens them, they’re clear. “Kelly and I also have a son, Jack. He’s six years old. I don’t expect anything by telling you that, honestly I didn’t know how to say it without blurting it out, but I wanted you to know.”
Cas sighs and finally meets Dean’s eyes. “Jimmy is my ex. We broke up about 6 months ago. We dated for over a year, but I ended it when I caught him in bed with someone else.”
His mouth opens but closes just a quickly, the monitor next to him starts to beep rapidly. Dean feels his own heartrate increase as well.
He abhorred drug use of any kind. Alcohol to a certain extent was acceptable. She only knows of two times Castiel has been truly drunk.
Either he was sick and too ashamed to face Dean or he wasn’t and wanted nothing to do with him now. Regardless he didn’t even give Dean the courtesy of a phone call. Never even came back to collect the rest of his things.
“As I said, speak with the bank manager and with Ms. Collins. I will also need all the correspondence you’ve had with the firm. They may have hidden a clue to their defeat in plain sight.”
“Yes, but I gave it all up for this.” He gestures ironically to the threadbare office. Dean sees a little anger flash on his face but Alastair hides it away immediately.
He’s smiling at the memory of Castiel modeling said bathing suits for him when Gabe saunters up to the table.
Dean blushes furiously, embarrassed to have fallen so easily into a trap. But he’s not really sure who it is aimed for.
Another nod, this time he can see Dean physically react to the question. The change is almost immediate; his pupils dilate, his spine and shoulders become almost military straight, and his hands drop behind his back. He's not kneeling, but he may as well be with how quickly he moves into a position that would please Castiel. It was damn near perfect.
Everyone shifts their focus to the front and Dean glances at the reverend, an older man with a shock of wild silver hair and heavy beard. Reverend Cain had a fearsome look, sunlight glinting hard in his steel blue eyes. But his face softened immediately as he starts to speak.
“I think I’m going crazy.” Dean finally says bluntly, staring back down at the floor. The words barely audible over the shower.
Everyone is dressed up too; Harry and Ed are ghostbusters, Meg is a witch, Charlie and Dean are in a couples costume. Some movie reference Castiel didn’t get. But Charlie looked very spooky in her black wig, and red wedding dress. Dean somehow was both gross and sexy in what looked like a referee’s striped uniform, except it was a tight fitting suit and his face was covered in moldy makeup.
He rips open the next drawer pulling it completely off the track, kitchen utensils fall in a crash and Dean drops to his knees digging through the mess he made.
“For what,” Dean replies, his hands coming up to tug on the long strands at the back of Castiel’s neck.
The shame must show on his face, because Dean drops the bravado almost immediately, “No Cas, as much as he offered, I’ve never subbed for Cain. He’s a little too intense even for me. I’ve subbed for Benny Laffite a few times, and Pamela Barnes twice.”
“I’m sorry. I’m just not in the mood to socialize.” He shrugs, but it’s a lame excuse and they already had this argument.
When he finally complained to Gabriel about it, things got a little better. But she still took longer than what would be appropriate to return his calls and emails. Castiel had half a mind to just Google the property and drive out there himself.
“Becky, please, as much as we enjoy your visits. I'm going to have to leave for work in a bit.” Dean pleads.
Things with Castiel had only gone from great to spectacular over the last few months. Their scenes got more adventurous and fun, their dates were full of amazing conversation and laughter, and their friends all seemed to get along swimmingly. Cas had met Sam, his wife Eileen, and Charlie who all gave the man their stamp of approval. Plus, Emma met him too and spent hours discussing all their favorite authors. Dean’s heart had been close to bursting when he saw his daughter’s animated face discussing the similarities between Emily Dickenson and Rupi Kaur with his boyfriend.
Dean looks down at the card in his hand and tucks it in his pocket, “You too Castiel. Looking forward to our... chat later.”
Stroking him faster now, Castiel grins into Dean’s hair, his heart racing, “I’ve been waiting all night to touch you. It’s been incredibly distracting.”
There’s a rustle of fabric behind him and pressure of the mattress shifting but when he lifts his head to see, a warm hand comes around the back of his neck, holding him gently in place.
“Please be strippers, please be strippers.” a jovial voice calls from somewhere behind Dean and a chuckle rises over the crowd.
“I believe it’s a biblical name. An angel of some sort.” Castiel frowns, as if this line of questioning bothers him.
The tangy cheese, the caramel sweetness of the date, and the saltiness of the bacon; the flavors all merging in his mouth. Cassie was a genius in the kitchen. And he was always more than happy to sample any dish she prepared.
Donna comes in then with a tray and sets it down on the table. She smiles at Claire fondly, “are you sure you don’t want to join me in the kitchen? I’m making a pie for dessert tonight.”
He rises and walks off without so much as a word from Castiel in response. God he was such a coward, he let Zachariah spout that hateful rhetoric in front of him and his son, and he did nothing to stop him. And what’s worse, he now had to find Dean and get him the hell out of here. He had no idea the risk he took bringing them here. He hangs his head in his hands, he had been so stupid.
So here he was; staring at rows of policemen, cowboys, pirates, and assorted boogeymen costumes. Stumped beyond belief.
She meets his eyes suspiciously in the mirror and his reflection betrays him. His blue eyes, wide and shimmering with emotion. Her expression softens, “You look very handsome Castiel.”
Of course, he was going to keep an eye on him! That’s his job... Sammy was still paranoid about how Adam had acted the night of the party. When they finally had their sit down with him Adam just said when he saw someone set their drink down, he picked it up. Allegedly, a lot of people mistook him for a waiter.
He can't even finish, the thought of what Zachariah threatened is too horrible to put into words. The man is just one of many monsters out there, and Castiel isn’t equipped to fight monsters. He’s too busy being a father to deal with the atrocities that happen to people like him and Dean every day.
Before seeing Adam off to school he throws on a pair of track pants and a hoodie, then he jogs to the subway station and catches a train into the city.
He follows Gabe down the hall to his office, closing the door behind him he turns to see the other man pulling a few strands of licorice out of a glass jar on his desk. Gabe kept candy in his office the way some businessmen kept alcohol. It was a vice to be sure, but one Castiel didn’t fault him too badly on.
“You are the best mom any kid could’ve asked for. And I love you.” He presses a kiss to her hair, glancing at Cas over the top of her head. Cas has to look away, his eyes are burning and he can feel a lump rising in his throat.
The shadows on the wall blend from two into one and back again as the harsh sounds of skin on skin and gasping breaths draw faster and faster. A candle’s flame paints their bodies golden in the dark, sweat glistening in rivulets along brows and down spines.
“May I help you?” She’s looks down her hooked nose at Dean over the top of her wire rimmed glasses. The urge to call her Ms. Gulch threatens to come bubbling off his lips.
Her lips are cold from the drink and they are hard against his own. The two of them stand unmoving for a minute but then Dean feels her tongue press on the seam of his closed mouth. This is it, if he lets her in, he knows what will happen next.
All the people surrounding him; with their flaws, their generous hearts, they really did become his family. It seemed, to him, that bond was even stronger than blood. And he was so grateful that by meeting Dean he found the one thing he was missing.
This chapter deals with a sexually transmitted disease, a very serious one. Please be mindful of the themes present.
Dean puts two fingers in his mouth and lets out a sharp whistle, it’s loud enough to catch Sam’s attention and he’s already looking around for the sound. Spying Dean along the fence he throws up a hand in a wave. Dean grins and points to the phone, Sam blows him (Jess) a big kiss in return.
“I did it for her own good!” Cas shouts, pausing only to take a breath. “There was also the matter of your brother.”
Dean nods silently, with that being all the permission Castiel needs, he grips the headboard and brackets Dean’s arms with his own. Slowly thrusting till he’s fully seated, his own hipbones pressed firmly against the other man’s ass.
“I love you Dean.” And with the words something in his chest catches. He doesn’t think he’ll ever get tired of hearing it.
“Oh my God... you’re the biggest dork in the world. Even Ed and Harry aren’t this bad!” Cas is looking around gob smacked.
“Of course, but before I give you back the menus Ms. Robinson also asked if she could prepare something special for you tonight? If you’re up for it.”
Dean squeezes his hand tightly, the warmth from his palm running through Castiel in a way his grace never could. Pulling the former angel closer, his free hand comes up to Castiel’s chin. Titling it up slightly, Dean leans in and presses their mouths together in a chaste kiss. And as they embrace for what feels like the very first time, two thoughts echo through Castiel’s head.
“Yes, well if the way you played Settlers of Catan was any indication I knew what I was getting into.”
“Choose Dean. Right now.” Castiel commands, his sub already a melting pool of wax just from the ministrations on his body.
Taking the robe out of the bag he lays it on the end of the bed on Castiel’s knees. Cas reaches down to touch it, long fingers carelessly moving over the faded material. Dean tries to not stare, but he can't help watching the movements closely, like he’s never seen Castiel’s hands before.
“I watched them carefully and I believed he fabricated an attachment to her. That he was only interested because of her position, and wanted to take advantage of that.”
“Oh, you’ve got to be fucking kidding me!” Cas groans and has Dean whipping around to see what’s the problem.
“Why didn’t you answer your phone?” Her tone has abated a little, but she still sounds pissed. He needed to milk it.
“You’re going to relax for a bit and I'm going to try my best to work out the rubble you have trapped in here.”
Dean sits and stares out the window for a long time, long after Ketch leaves, long after the sun goes down.
“Yes, I’d be happy to. I don’t have my notes with me, but you have access to all the files I assume.”
“Do you remember them?” Cas wants to take it back as soon as it’s out of his mouth. It’s only going to cause Dean more pain. He’s not sure if Dean’s going to answer but then he speaks.
“So, are you in town on business or pleasure?” God he was so cheesy! It was no wonder Dean hasn’t had a date in months.
“Cas I am so sorry for how I acted last night. And it’s no excuse but I tend to get stupid drunk on Halloween.” He smiles and tries to meet the other man’s eyes but Cas is back to looking out the window.
“Cas... that’s not what’s happening here.” Dean can’t bring himself to raise his voice but the anger is rising in his. Who could do that to a child? What kind of life had Cas lived? He really didn’t know much about him at all.
He shoves her out onto the porch, shutting the door firmly behind them. He searches her face for some sign she’s pulling his leg.
Gripping the sides of the uncomfortable hospital chair he slows his breathing down to a more manageable level. The steady beep of a heartrate monitor cuts through the roar of blood in his ears, and he glances over to the man sleeping in the bed.
The one she assumes is Adam is just passing the phase of adolescence into manhood. His bright blue eyes twinkling with mischief, he had bad boy written all over him.
But much to his relief it’s Sam, and Dean can go right back to being pissed off instead of utterly devastated.
She sighs, “No. Not exactly.... So I went to the bar hoping to talk to him. Don’t give me that look Dean, he’s my friend too.” He blinks, clearly he needs to try better to control his facial expressions.
Cas breaks their kiss, hands skimming up and down his arms. The touch somehow different than it had been earlier. Castiel’s fingers pressed harder into him with each pass, occasionally dragging with his blunt nails. Sending little flickers of heat along his bare skin, creeping over his chest, and down through his stomach.
Dean’s rhythm falters at this and his head flies up. Castiel leans impossibly closer, his whole body spread over Dean’s broad shoulders and back. Sweat already rolling in rivulets down this side of his face, Dean blinks back at him suddenly wary of the predatory expression that must be on Castiel’s face right now. He certainly feels like he might devour his sub with how ravenous he is for him.
“Hey it’s John Edwards.” Dean deadpans without lifting his head up. Annoyed to have been interrupted and by someone he hadn’t been able to get out of his head for the last few weeks.
Castiel sighs wearily, “Honestly, no its really not. But I’m not ready to talk about it yet, especially in mixed company.”
Castiel glares at his friend, who looks cool and comfortable in his FBI dress shirt and slacks, “My malfunction appears to be something to do with my clothing. It’s never done this before.”
The man twirls the feather, letting the light glint off and throw rainbows around the room, “I am the one who gripped you tight and raised you from perdition.”
It wasn’t that Emma was purposefully trying to keep them apart, but in the six days she’d been staying with him, she managed to interrupt them at almost every opportunity.
Her face is so raw and heartbroken in that moment, Dean only wants to pull her close and forget this whole thing. Whatever she’s going to tell him can't be good, and if she thinks it might break him and Castiel apart he really doesn’t want to know what she has to say. But he knows that he owes it to her to confess, so he mimes zipping his lips and sits back so she can speak.
Dean starts to chuckle, but Castiel smothers the light sound with a heavy kiss. Dean’s lips are as soft and inviting as they look and Castiel falls into their embrace. His tongue lightly teasing on the seam of Dean’s lips, urging him to yield. Dean’s mouth parts on a moan and Cas slides right in.
Dean wakes abruptly; his arms a mess of pins and needles from where he was folded over Emma’s bedside half the night. Groaning and shaking out the aches he looks around her room to find it empty, the comforter she used folded back into place like she hadn't slept in the bed at all.
He resumes his thrusting again, but its shallower this time. Dean’s hand snakes up and grips his shoulders, pulling him deeper at the same time Cas pushes further in. Their hips picking up a cadence now as Castiel speeds up, his chest slick with sweat.
He didn’t need any damn favors from Darcy. He’s about to say that very thing, but they’ve both walked off leaving him and the confused Joanna staring from the desk.
Dean shakes his head, “I can barely afford to pay for Adam’s medical bills, let alone make a donation to a place like this.”
Dean cums without warning; his seed spilling out all over the tiles. He tries to stifle his moans, but it feels amazing.
Castiel could feel Dean’s energy flagging. Already two orgasms down, Castiel wasn’t surprised his sub would be tiring at this point. His own lungs burned, and his thighs ached from the exertion. But he knew he owed Dean one more orgasm, and he planned on making good on that promise.
“Excuse you, Miss 4.0; I don’t think you’re one to talk.” Claire jabs back at Emma’s friendly snipe.
“Oh you dance, I’ve seen you. Darcy, I would go as far to say you have moves!” She wiggles a little in her seat as he turns the color of the tomatoes in her bowl.
Dean’s frowning at the food before them, his bottom lip very close to poking out in the world's sexiest pouty face. “She did it to me again...”
Which he knew for a fact was a lie, she drifted off shortly around 11:00 while he read ‘The Hobbit’ aloud to keep her headache at bay. The doctor at urgent care yesterday deemed her healthy enough to go home, no concussion but to keep reading and screens to a minimum till the weekend. It had been snowing like a bitch by the time they got back to the apartment, thankfully the storm they were getting kept Lydia from booking the first flight back from Pheonix. Now that was one phone call Dean never wanted to repeat.
Around the time his off-brand Air Pods give up the last of their battery life, Castiel takes his phone out and rereads the texts from last night. Dean had asked him to call him. If he truly didn’t want to see him again, he wouldn’t have asked for such a thing, would he?
“Hello Charlie, Dean. I was surprised myself, Meg only called me yesterday.” Cas is speaking as if they have casual conversations all the time. Not like the last time they saw each other he lied right to Dean’s face. Son of a bitch probably brought a date. He glares harder at the floor, he was being irrational.
Castiel would kill for a little bit of normal right now. He was near drowning in expense reports and had a whining six-year-old clinging to his left leg.
“Yes alright, goodbye.” Cas hang up and looks over to where Dean is trying to arrange the photos back the way they were.
Trudging, head bent in exhaustion, he enters the house. He desperately wants another shower, grab some food, and watch Great British Bake Off. But he still owes Becky an answer.
Castiel sighs, “He was barely tolerable, handsome sure, but the man could hardly string a sentence together. Not at all my type.”
She ushers everyone out the door following them out to the hall, while Adam pouts like a stubborn toddler, Dean wracks his brain trying to figure out whatever the hell it was Adam was talking about.
He throws it back, shoulder twinging in the process. He’d never be 100% again, it was a damn shame. Most of the time it never bothered him, but playing catch like this? It used to be the easiest thing in the world. Now it felt like a workout.
“I, uh gotta take this. Be right back.” Dean jumps out of the booth and runs for the bathroom. He’s pretty sure he left a cloud of dust in his wake.
“Just don’t cut your bangs.” Castiel interjects and earns a loud laugh from both women, and a few annoyed looks from the other tables.
He wipes his face, trying to erase the pain that must be plastered all over it. His fingers come away wet, but he shoves that down too.
“Grab us those cups.” There are plastic cups and a full ice bucket on the one of the nightstands. He unwraps their protective plastic cover and scoops up a little ice in both. She cracks open the bottle and pours them both a generous slug. Handing Dean his cup their hands brush and he suppresses a shudder. This was happening; he needed to calm down or he would end up causing a scene.
“Damn,” Dean whispers. “Cas, I know we haven’t known each other very long, but I can’t imagine going 5 years without seeing you.”
“I believe you Dean, so good for me,” Castiel murmurs in his ear, Dean can feel the other man settle in behind him on the bed. But then before he can relax those same fingers spread apart his cheeks and Castiel’s thumb press against his hole, “What about here?”
Without Sam here to help out, he’s not even sure he could afford it on his own. He’d have to sell to that sleazy developer. Their family home bulldozed to make a freaking FRO-YO shop!
He lets out a strangled sound closely like a laugh. “That makes me feel a little better I guess. By the way, you look very nice tonight.”
Dean not really caring that he was also there in the middle of the day. But it was just for lunch. That was totally different.
Swallowing back a moan, Dean tips his head back onto his Dom’s shoulder, “F-fingered myself open. Had to stop.”
Think! What could he do to get Dean alone? He needed to warn him about his association with Whickham.
“That sounds like a good idea,” Carter rises to his feet and Dean follows, “We’ll be sure to call if anything changes.”
Dean is struggling to hold back laughter. “Not today; we’re going old school.” He tipped the older man a wink. “Meatballs! I’m going to need a pound of sausage, and one of ground beef, and a pou...” Dean trails off as he looks down along the counter.
Castiel looks around wildly inside his costume, it didn’t look like Buddy had any weapons on him this time. But he wasn’t taking any chances, he takes a giant step back out of arms reach.
“Dean,” Castiel pants, running his nails down the already inflamed skin of his backside, “you have two more. Then I'm going to pull out that plug and fuck you till you make a mess all over those gorgeous panties. And then I'm going to put the plug back in and keep you filled up with my come so I can fuck it out of you later. Would you like that?”
Cas chuckles, “Well good, I thought maybe you were peeved about getting cockblocked by a six-year-old.”
“Alright, now I want one of you two,” and before they can protest, "for the team website. This is great PR right here!”
“No, nothing like that. They don’t even know I’m here.” She examines her cuticles, already seeming bored with their talk.
Dean heads into the apartment and spies Cas sitting on the couch. Cup of coffee steaming on the table, he’s staring out the window, but doesn’t turn when Dean walks in.
Something burns and pulls under his skin – There’s an IV sticking out of his neck. The needle slides out with a quick tug.
There's a pause on the other end of the line, Castiel can hear the barest sound of shuffling around. He knew Dean didn’t have a game today, so he was probably at home. They had plans to Facetime later, but he didn’t really say why he was calling now.
Castiel inhales sharply, “I uh... I was thinking I could meet you there. I’ll be leaving from work.”
“What about me?” someone says, and it takes both nurses turning to him for Dean to realize he said that out loud.
Something much warmer than the heat of the room gathers low in his belly, a sensation he’s felt more and more while in Dean’s presence, in the months since he’d become human. And his heart, which had laid dormant for so long inside his vessel’s chest, pounds heavy and wet behind his ribs. Dean’s hand is still on his shirt, the other barely skims along the seam of his trousers heading in a direction Castiel would like to explore more thoroughly.
Ketch comes storming in half a second later in his pajamas and robe; looking like an advertisement for fashionable men’s sleepwear. However he’s scowling in Cas’s direction intensely.
Dean was fully aware that people, who would be turning 30 very soon, shouldn’t have temper tantrums about wearing tuxedos, or going to fancy parties.
“Hmmm, how about we start our negotiations in the shower and see where it goes.” Dean rubs his nose along Castiel’s, urging him on.
The younger man continues to frown. He didn’t need any help finding a place to live. And he certainly didn’t need didn’t need it from his two surrogate uncles.
Rushing home, he showered, changed, and grabbed a quick bite. Missouri also had told Dean over the phone that it could be most of the day before Cas was released but Dean didn’t want anyone waiting on him to put on a fresh shirt or grab a Hot Pocket. He takes his car, rather than the truck, and arrives at the hospital just after lunch, striding purposefully through the ICU and into Castiel’s room.
Snapping his fingers, he flashes a quick grin, “That reminds me,” he reaches down to the bag at his feet, “I brought you some stuff... from home.”
No, he most certainly did not! “That sounds great, but I'm not sure my system is up for food yet. Stomach still feels raw.”
“The door, get the door Dean!” Cas bites his neck and Dean lets out a curse, fumbling with the lock. The phone in apartment rings. They both ignore it.
Gabe cracks up at this, but as he’s about to reply his phone rings and he excuses himself to take the call.
The story officially ends with the previous chapter but I have two epilogues for you, part one is pure smut so I hope you enjoy!
The four of them step into a mud room, Castiel and Claire remove their riding boots and hang their coats on separate hooks. Agent Henriksen doesn’t remove his coat. Castiel slips into a pair of loafers, here for such an occasion. And Claire already had her flats sitting by the back door.
Behind a heavy old door there is a bedroom. And in that bedroom a man who never had a home built a sanctuary. He put up pictures of loved ones lost, stored the few precious books and songs that shaped his personality and hid away the parts of himself he deemed too soft for the hard life he lived.
“You what Cas, what do you want?” Dean whispers hotly along the side of his face. God, he smells so good, like whiskey, and cinnamon, and sweat, Castiel inhales deeply into his neck. Memorizing the scent in an instant.
Dean smiles and makes a show of settling back into the sofa. Which wasn’t too much of a stretch because it was comfortable. The whole house felt lived in, and it felt loved. It wasn’t modern or flashy, most of the furnishings looked to be several years old. Dean knew he’d find the typical clutter that came from having a kid, but it was tidy without being overly stuffy.
No, he really hadn’t. Dean had been “blessed”, as all his friends and family liked to joke, with great genes and a confident disposition. The combination scored a lot of phone numbers; passed along with receipts, coffee cups, even one time tucked into a dry-cleaning bag.
“No... no.. you can’t fix it. Please Dean just let me go.” Cas tries to pull away but a Dean won’t let him. Terror is gripping his heart in its wicked claws. He can’t let Cas walk out that door. Not after this weekend. Not after he’s realizing how he truly feels.
“Oh, no! There’s nothing going on with you and I! That was made perfectly clear the last time we saw each other.”
“Uh sorry, we just wanted to be... prompt.” Sam offers up the apology and the young woman blows a considerably large, pink bubble through her red painted lips. She snaps and pops her gum, assessing them closely.
He was waiting; he was holding on. But every day that passed he got a little more angry. And he knew soon he’d have to do something about it; he’d have to fight to get Cas back in his life.
“Can’t win them all boss” Owens says dejectedly, and he heads out to the field to shake hands with the other team.
“Well, that was mildly embarrassing.” Castiel comments, his own cheeks flushed with guilt and remnants of lust.
The doors open to a spacious apartment and Cas steps forward without a word. Dean blinks a minute at the back of the car. Where the hell was his passionate kiss? The door is about to close again and Dean scrambles out of the elevator.
Shit that was a long time, if the kid hadn't found another adult by now it was more likely he was hurt somewhere, or possibly already gone.
“So what do you do Castiel? You’re not with the Netherfield crew I assume.” It’s Dean’s turn to look him up and down and no Castiel definitely does not crunch code all day.
Dean throws his head back in laughter. “You’re an odd one Castiel. Thinking of sticking around awhile?”
He thought Castiel had come back in. Maybe to yell at Dean some more. Or just to look at him with those sad blue eyes.
The music stops again, and everyone turns to look at Castiel, who’s lingering at the edge of the wall. Dean locks eyes with him and all the nerves melt away. They’re finally here, and up till now, the night Cas proposed to him had been the happiest of his life. But it was all about to pale in comparison to how he felt in this moment.
Cas’s fingers push deeper, scissoring inside him. Dean’s own cock is throbbing now, he may come untouched if Cas keeps this up.
She speaks directly to Dean. She knows he’s the one in charge. The one who can sway the other two her way if needed.
He nods, swallowing down the lump in his throat, “Yes I’m fine. We can go, I’m sure everyone is waiting.”
Humming contentedly, Castiel takes advantage of the opportunity Dean’s thrusting provides to tease at the furled muscle of Dean’s hole. Castiel bears down on Dean’s cock and pushes his finger past the tight ring of muscle. He’s barely two knuckles deep before Dean is tightening up around his hand and coming deep in his mouth, howling Castiel’s name with all his might.
Castiel sees a flash of white in front of his eyes, the swollen red crown of his dick strains against his stomach as he moans loudly. His head tips back in ecstasy and all he can hear is the joint ragged breathing and their bodies slapping wetly together. Now that he’s found a rhythm he likes, all bets appear to be off. Castiel continues to ride Dean with no intention of stopping as the man beneath him pulls tighter at the cuffs around his wrists.
“Our next date huh? Does this mean you like me too?” He smiles, tucking the tip of his tongue in his teeth, drawing out another pretty blush to Castiel’s cheeks.
Couldn’t even think about without wanting to throw the cheap hospital chair across the room. Cas was going to make it. He was going to be fine, he had to be.
Dean stands in the hospital drive for a moment. Was that what he was? One of Cas’s friends? A warmth spreads through his body at the thought. A siren cries out in the distance, quickly bringing him back to himself. He turns and jogs into the hospital. Hoping he’s not too late.
“No, no I didn’t say that,” Dean pulls him to his chest, pressing a kiss to his temple “it was awesome. And I encourage you to be even more forward in the future.”
“Alright bitches! Everyone gather around!” Charlie’s voice shouts over the rumble of the crowd in the living room.
“Yes, I uh... I was dancing.” He sounds ashamed and she has to suppress a smile. He knows all too well Dean is beneath him. And she caught him red handed.
Castiel’s heart stalls in his chest, but Dean’s grin is quick to return as the crowd lunges to its feet. Cheers and applause rising louder and louder. Dean takes a short bow and exits the way he came. A loud whistle pierces through the fog surrounding Castiel and he startles out of the trance he’d been under. Gabe has got two fingers in his mouth and he whistles again as Dean jogs past their table, making a beeline for the bar.
Castiel sighs internally, he was hoping his assumptions about his niece were wrong this time. She hadn't met them all with the same wrath of fire and brimstone as she had with her past altercations. If anything, her admission sounded almost melancholy.
After that she wouldn't take no for an answer. By that time, he had almost made it a whole month away from her. After everything that, almost, happened with Cas he just couldn’t bring himself to put up with the fake boyfriend deal anymore. It had always felt wrong, but now it felt like he was betraying something by being with her. He couldn’t explain it, but he was doing his best to avoid her at all costs.
She rolls her eyes and looks so much like Castiel in that moment it cracks something deep in his chest.
