“Maybe I’ll pop in tomorrow morning before the interview,” Dean suggests, and he suddenly sounds a little hesitant, like’s there’s a world in which Cas wouldn’t want to see him. “Have you wish me luck.”
“With Sammy?” Dean’s watching him interestedly, “Yeah, it’s always great to see him.”
“Okay,” Dean grins, stroking his thumb over Cas’s softly before letting go. “Now I really do have to go. See you soon, Cas.”
“See you soon,” Cas echoes, fully aware he’s smiling stupidly and fully unable to stop. He’s still smiling even when Dean’s halfway across the square, the morning sunshine beating down on his dark suit and lighting up the soft golden tones in his hair.
“What would you recommend?” his gaze falls on Cas suddenly, deep, complex green flecked with quiet hues of honey and hazel, so striking it takes Cas’s breath away all over again.
The unreadable look is back on Cas’s face with more intensity, combined with something Dean definitely recognises as nervousness now. Cas’s chest is rising and falling more rapidly, eyes wider than usual, cheeks slightly flushed as he holds Dean’s gaze, almost like he’s steeling himself for something. “Okay,” he says, seemingly more to himself than to Dean. Okay, close your eyes.”
“Yeah, right,” Meg snorts, grabbing the keys and propelling Cas towards the door, “If he’s not in here again tomorrow drooling all over you I’ll eat the fucking cappuccino machine.”
his suit jacket, and is now rolling up the sleeves of his shirt. Cas catches his eye in the mirror, gaze all heavy blue heat that does nothing to help Dean’s situation, and slowly begins to loosen his tie. He doesn’t break eye contact as he unbuttons the top few buttons of his shirt, exposing a tantalising glimmer of skin.
“Hey,” Dean grins, wide and easy, like he’s as happy to see Cas as Cas is to see him.
Monday is particularly bad. By the end of his shift, Cas is exhausted and bad-tempered, and just wants to go home and curl up under his duvet before he has to do the whole thing all over again tomorrow. It’s ten minutes to closing and the café is finally empty. He’s just finished wiping down the display and has switched off the quarrelsome cappuccino machine. Drained, he retreats behind the pages of his Plath poetry book, silently praying no one else comes in before Meg finishes in the kitchen and they have the chance to lock up.
By the time things have died down a little, Cas finds Dean leaning against the counter in his usual spot, nose buried in a book.
“God, Cas,” Dean’s mouth is slack, his eyes even darker than before. “You’re the hottest thing I’ve ever seen,” he breathes, biting down on his lip and face contorting in beautiful pleasure as Cas leans forward and swirls his tongue around the head of Dean’s cock to catch the bead of precum that’s already welling up, addicted to the taste, the warm weight of Dean in his mouth. He draws off slowly, still gazing up at Dean, drinking in the sight of him like this, and Dean laughs shakily, carding his hand through Cas’s hair, “You have no idea how hard I’m trying not to come right now.”
“I do want to fuck you, Dean,” Cas clarifies, voice low and rough.
“Hey,” Dean smiles stupidly, suddenly feeling self-conscious as he steps into the hallway. It’s warm and smells faintly of incense and home-baking, but they don’t linger, heading straight up the stairs to Cas’s room as usual.
A sudden thrill washes over Dean as he realises that Cas is affected by this conversation in some way, affected by seeing Dean like this, aching for Cas more openly than he’s ever dared. Even amidst the dark lust slowly taking him over, the blurring, disorientating new sensations, Dean feels hope well up, as clear and pure as sunlight.
“I think they’re right at the back,” Dean grumbles from the depths of the cupboard, back muscles straining beneath his black t-shirt. “Hold on.” He leans forward into the cupboard, shirt riding up – and Cas catches another glimpse of pastel pink lace. Cas feels as though the ground has suddenly fallen away beneath him. He stares helplessly at the dainty floral contrasted against the masculine sharpness of Dean’s hipbone, heart racing. Cas swallows desperately, trying not to imagine how Dean looks in them, how the satin must feel against his skin. It’s just about the hottest thing Cas has ever seen.
Cas is looking at him, intent as always, anguished blue. Like he’s the one trapped and not Dean. His heart is thumping, reverberating through the room, quickened, hopeful, almost. A beat Dean recognises all too well.
Castiel can’t do anything but stare, frozen in wonderment and disbelief. Dean rubs his hands over his face, hands Castiel has seen a thousand times gripping a dagger or a steering wheel or tending Sam’s wounds. Warmth that Castiel didn’t know was possible here blossoms through him. He feels close to tears, as though his heart is on the brink of bursting. He feels alive in a way he hasn’t for almost a year. Maybe longer.
“Please, Cas,” Dean is breathing hard, flushed cheeks and heavy-lidded eyes as he gazes down at Cas. Cas stares back up at him, tracing his touch wonderingly along the jut of Dean’s hip, the little freckles gathered there like some secret constellation. Dean obligingly pulls his shirt over his head and lets Cas explore his skin further, the dip of his bellybutton, the hard muscles clenching and unclenching under the soft skin of his stomach. He follows them to the buckle of Dean’s belt, hesitating.
“Nah, I’m pretty straightforward,” Dean shrugs, “Everyone knows that. What you see is what you get with me.”
“Cas?” Dean’s voice is so full of hope it hurts, it should be impossible in a place like this.
“Don’t apologise,” Dean says, “I like a challenge.”
“Yeah, I kind of got that,” Dean’s grinning, and he looks happier than Cas has ever seen him, green eyes shining with the same kind of quiet elation Cas feels so full of he could burst.
“Well, you’re very mysterious,” Dean counters, flopping down on the other end of the window-seat and pushing one of his socked feet playfully at Cas’s. “And unnervingly good at presents, which is why I’m so particularly demanding today. I’m expecting great things. How is that you always seem to know exactly what I want?”
Dean wrenches away with a possessive, vampiric hiss to see Sam standing in the doorway, a small vial in his hands. His eyes swivel from Dean’s kiss-bruised lips, visible hard-on, and protruding fangs to the bloody wound on Cas’s neck. Dimly, through the haze of temporarily abated bloodlust, Dean feels a wave of humiliation.
“Cas,” he whispers, voice rough from disuse, and it sends a shock right through Castiel to
, the way he always has, the way he’s always tried to convince himself he hasn’t. The transformation is making everything louder, amping it up until it’s all Dean can hear. He’s surprised to find how little it scares him. Maybe it’s the venom. Or maybe it’s just the relief of not being able to ignore it anymore.
“What’s this?”
Thankfully, Cas is sitting at a safe (tantalising) distance on a chair by the door. Less thankfully, he’s wearing uncharacteristically little. After helping Sam wrestle Dean into submission (read: handcuffing him to the bedframe), Cas had shed his trench coat and suit jacket, and he hasn’t put them back on. Instead, he’s sitting with his shirt sleeves rolled up, hair rumpled, blue gaze heavy and watchful. Which is just. Not helpful in any capacity.
Castiel can’t bear it anymore, can’t do anything except quietly step out of the shadows, and into the fragile moonlight of the clearing.
“Then you’ll know that the reason I didn’t say anything when you – when you told me, before you –” Dean has to take a moment, swallow again, because he’s never talked about it out loud, has never been able to all these years. He focuses on the combined pressure of their hands on his shoulder, steadies himself, “Before you left – it wasn’t because I didn’t have anything to say, Cas,” Dean breathes out, “Goddamn it, I had so much to say. I still do.”
“Oh – yeah, okay,” he stutters, feeling his cheeks flush as he fumbles in the pocket of his jacket and pulls out the package he’d wrapped earlier. “Look – don’t get too excited. You know I’m not great at presents, but I wanted to do something special, because you know –” he breaks off, trying to push down the sudden sharpness in his chest, “This might be the last Christmas we spend together, and I don’t want you to go forgetting me when you’re off being all genius at some school I’d never be able to get into.” He thrusts the present unceremoniously at Cas. “Badly wrapped as usual, sorry,” he adds, as an afterthought.
“Then where is it?” Dean asks, glancing around the room – but there’s no sight of a gift. Just the soft glow of the fairy lights and Cas’s notebooks on his desk, a couple of jumpers hanging over the back of his chair, the little cactus Dean gave him for his birthday two years ago sitting stoutly on his bedside table.
.” He wants to seize Cas, crush him in a hug and never let go, tell him all the things he never got to over and over again, but he can only stare. His universe tilts on its axis, the heat of Cas’s hand the only thing grounding him to here, now.
Cas has moved closer, leaning over Dean to work at a slightly harder to reach spot. One of his thighs is pressed against Dean’s in a warm line that sends arousal shooting through Dean. He shifts slightly against Cas, pressing closer, heart thumping. From the sharp intake of breath, he knows Cas can tell how worked up he’s getting, how affected he is by this.
Despite still feeling flustered and embarrassed, Cas can’t help smiling. “Green tea, specifically. Green tea with jasmine.”
“I’ll hold you to that,” Dean’s eyes are warm, his fingers soft and fleeting against Cas’s as he takes the tea. “See you tomorrow, Cas.”
“Sure,” Dean reaches up to the top shelf of the kitchen cabinet with ease. As he does so, his black t-shirt rides up, exposing the small of his back – which, honestly, is enough to make Cas’s stomach somersault and his mouth go dry with want. But then Dean stretches a little further to reach the jar, and Cas suddenly catches a glimpse of pastel pink silk, delicate floral swirls against Dean’s freckled skin.
Like Dean said, as far as situations go, it’s not ideal. But, he thinks, meeting the quiet elation in Cas’s blue gaze, maybe that doesn’t matter.
By the end of his shift the following day, Cas is in a foul mood. He has today’s soup special (butternut squash with rosemary) spilled all down his shirt after a collision with an excitable toddler, a burn on his hand from the temperamental cappuccino machine, and aching feet from standing all day. But, more than anything, he can’t quell the heavy weight of disappointment that Dean didn’t show up. Cas knew he shouldn’t have let Meg talk him into being hopeful, knew that Dean wouldn’t turn up again after the stuttering bumbling mess Cas had been yesterday. But, still, deep down, there’d been this tiny part of Cas that somehow thought he would. He doesn’t know why; it’s not like this is Dean’s usual place. He was probably just making conversation yesterday, the way he would with anyone.
Slowly, Dean’s prayers evolved. There became a numbed quality to them, as though Dean was no longer sure if it was him saying them. They grew more unpredictable; sometimes full of anger or grief, sometimes strangely empty. Gradually, they lost their disjointed quality, often becoming longer, more contemplative. Sometimes, Dean would reflect on moments from the last few years, or even further back, from when he was growing up. These prayers were startlingly vulnerable, at times. As though Dean, lost in isolation, was using them to invite Castiel into his innermost thoughts just so he wouldn’t have to be alone.
“Alright,” Dean doesn’t sound wholly convinced, but he shuts off the tap and carefully takes Cas’s hand again, looking at it closely. “It doesn’t look too deep. I think you’ll survive.” He glances up at Cas, grinning that cheeky sunshine grin that Cas loves so much. Cas feels a jolt run through him as their eyes meet, feels heat flood his cheeks. Dean’s hands are big and warm, making Cas’s skin tingle everywhere they touch.
Castiel can’t decide if this is a blessing or a curse. Perhaps both. He has always heard the prayers directed to him, of course. But on heaven and earth, they’re hazy, faraway, easy to tune out if he tries. Here is different. Through the stillness, Dean’s prayers feel closer, disarmingly intimate. As though Dean is whispering right into the shell of his ear.
“For the love of –” Sam closes his eyes, pinching the bridge of his nose. He takes a deep breath before opening them again. “If I’d known all you needed to finally act on your raging angel crush was a brief spell as one of the undead, I’d have had you turned years ago. Jesus Christ.” He looks pale and vaguely nauseated, and Dean is suddenly uncomfortably aware of the fact that Cas is still straddling him.
“I thought I could trust you with sharp implements,” Dean reaches out and carefully takes Cas’s hand, examining it with characteristic practicality and that little hint of protectiveness that always makes Cas’s heart race. “Does it hurt?” he glances up, deep concerned green.
“Look,” Meg says, with surprising gentleness, “You can do this. I guarantee he’ll say yes. And listen, if you’re too chicken to say it out loud, just write your number on a napkin or something and give it to him with his order.”
Cas lets out a sudden breath against Dean’s skin, as though he’s been holding it, and his hand tightens on Dean’s arm again. Dean hears himself let out a sound this time, helpless, rough and low in the back of his throat, and watches Cas’s throat work as he swallows, jaw set in determined concentration. “Cas,” Dean breathes out, shifting again, cock uncomfortably hard in his jeans. “Cas –”
Cas whips around to see Dean lolling against the counter just like yesterday. He has his leather jacket slung over his shoulder this evening, sleeves of his Henley rolled up. He looks effortlessly gorgeous in a way that makes Cas’s stomach flip over, unable to help the involuntary smile that spreads across his face, bad mood melting away. “Hello, Dean.”
Castiel can hardly believe his eyes; purgatory has a way of tricking the senses. But this is more real than anything that exists here. Dean. A year on, half-hidden in darkness, but unmistakable. Heaven or hell or purgatory, Castiel would know him anywhere.
“My apologies,” Cas says, impatiently. “I believe I have some relevant information about the ghoul infestation in Montana,” he presses on, as though he didn’t just nearly cause a road traffic accident and Dean’s heart isn’t currently trying to escape the confines of his ribs. “I have brought some documents I believe may be of great use.”
“High praise,” Cas raises his eyebrows, unable to keep the smile off his face. “I should put that in the description on the menu board.”
“What do you mean?” Cas’s eyes are guarded; Dean thinks he catches a glimpse of hope.
“I mean, I think it kind of was pretty heat of the moment,” Dean grins, “You kind of took me by surprise. But – it’s definitely not just that for me.”
Especially as – so far, at least – the transformation seems to have not only heightened Dean’s desire for blood, but, to his horror, any kind of desire. It’s only been a couple hours since he was bitten, but already Dean feels all rational thought fading in the face of how much he
They drive in increasingly heavy silence for the next several miles through suburbia, and then Dean gets distracted by a soft rustling sound from the backseat. He glances in his mirror again, and feels heat flood his cheeks as he realises that Cas has just taken off his trench coat
“Cas,” Meg grips him by the shoulders, “I know you have the self-esteem of a turnip, but surely even you can see that he’s into you? He’s been hitting on you
“Don’t what?” Dean twists against his confines, beside himself. Cas’s heartbeat resounds through the silence between them, faster than before.
“It’s halfway there, almost,” Cas glances up, maybe planning on reassuring Dean – but something unreadable passes over his expression as he takes in Dean’s face, the flush Dean can feel on his cheeks and how he knows his pupils must be blown wide.
Cas presses a kiss to the base of Dean’s cock through the panties, and then catches the delicate elastic in his teeth and drags them down, releasing Dean’s cock. It’s full and heavy and slaps wetly against Dean’s stomach, a little rivulet of precum dribbling down the shaft. Cas leans forward to catch it with his tongue and Dean cries out, hand tightening in Cas’s hair again. Cas looks up at him, the taste of Dean heady on his tongue. His heart is pounding, and he’s not sure he’s ever been this turned on in his life.
Then Cas glances up and catches sight of Dean’s face – and his heart stops in horror. Smudged across Dean’s lower lip and chin are the blue inky imprints of Cas’s number.
“Most people would disagree with you there,” Dean says, looking down Cas’s book that’s still in his hands. He runs his thumb over the worn spine, thoughtful. “About me, anyway.”
“Dean,” Cas breaths hotly against Dean’s neck, fingers trailing down the line of Dean’s hip to rest on his belt buckle, voice low and rumbling, “Can – can I?”
For several, long beats they just look at each other, and it suddenly feels impossibly quiet, even with Zeppelin humming in the background. Cas hasn’t let go of where his hand curls around Dean’s bicep, palm a brand of heat against his shoulder. The sexual tension in the air between them is almost unbearable, years of
Castiel learnt about how the dark of purgatory reminded Dean of looking after Sam when they were kids, the times they ran out of electricity and had to wait in the dark for days until their Dad got home; how time had blurred into meaninglessness just as it did here. Dean told Castiel about how afraid he’d been when he’d crawled out of hell, how he he’d stared at Castiel’s handprint every night in the mirror until it became part of him. One night, fiercely, he said,
It took everything Castiel had not to go to him. But the Leviathan were still close behind him, and he knew it was impossible.
But, worst of all, is the way Cas has started looking at Dean. Having Cas staring into the depths of his soul was always a bit of an overwhelming experience, but this is something else. Cas’s gazes have evolved into something that’s borderline seductive, all smitey and smouldering and deep blue. It’s the kind of intensity Dean has only come close to experiencing in the middle of fucking someone, and honestly, it’s a bit more than he can take. He’s not sure when Cas stopped looking intently serious and started looking like he wants to fuck Dean all the time. He assumes it’s some kind of misplaced angel interpretation of how humans interact, because, based on Cas’s past transgressions, that just seems like the most logical assumption.
Castiel offers him a soft, beautiful smile, and he nods. “I agree. Health, and these matters can be… difficult.”
WOW. it's done!!!!!
He nods his head and breaks away from Benny’s gaze. The hand disappears.
all the world's aglow, they ought to know"
He swallows, the realization thick in his mouth. Dean doesn’t even know where to begin to plan a life after this. He just assumed there was never going to
A chill crawls out into his arms and legs. Once again, Dean decides not to analyze why he feels this way. Why he’s reacting like this to that new piece of information.
After a second, she smiles.
Cas doesn’t turn to face him. Instead, he keeps rummaging in each bin with an urgency that Dean has never seen him possess. Even when Castiel ran from his room last morning, it was more of a gentle jog -- he moved through the world easily, never fighting the glide of time. But now, watching him toss supplies haphazardly over the bed and digging down to his elbows for some mystery item, he seems to be scrambling for something.
Dean’s eyes linger after her, the slight limp on her right side. The dread in his chest has disappeared, legs no longer trembling. He thinks about what Charlie told him.
After arriving at Castiel’s door, Dean pauses.
Until I recognize the sound
In the corner of his eye, Dean sees Castiel’s hand creep into his line of sight. He taps gently on the table twice, and Dean follows the trail. From his fingertip to his wrist, over the friendship bracelets, up a nicely-muscled shoulder, and finally landing at the bolt of his stubbled jaw. Dean can’t force himself to go any further, afraid of what his expression will be, but Cas still accepts the attempt.
He inhales sharply, tries to hold the breath in -- but he can’t, and now it feels like his hands are shaking, and he’s trying to untie the knots but it just looks worse. Dean feels tears starting to make an appearance, and he crushes his eyelids closed so Cas doesn’t have to see him have another meltdown.
You’re talking! Holy shit!”
Dr. Miller flips through the paperwork for a second before flattening the pages on the desk, templing his fingers over the stack. He breathes in softly, meets Dean’s eyes over silver bifocals hanging on the tip of a very large nose.
Sam sighs loudly, and Dean can barely hear him mutter something about
“I’ll comment on whatever I want, bitch.”
The images stuck in your head"
--between 1st and a, punch brothers
And you feel a little better till the sky goes dark"
talk. And he really meant it, even if he only promised it to himself. But he doesn’t know if he can, now.
because that’s the thing that will make him hurt the most. And he’s used to hurting -- Dean can hurt, and he can get through it. It’s familiar.
when you make it seem enchanted
Ellen gestures with the pad and pen again. "It's this or getting chewed out by Bobby."
Hesitant, Castiel speaks again: “I understand if the suggestion was too much. I apologize for overstepping, I shouldn’t have assumed that you would allow me to overhear your familial discussions.”
Ellen sighs. “Y’know, most people finish up a sentence after they start it.”
It took him two hours to muddle through his story. It had been almost a year since he’d spoken that much, and he stuttered more than he wanted to admit. But at every strained pause, Cas would say “It’s okay, Dean,” and it really did feel okay. And then he would keep going.
Castiel doesn’t respond, waiting on Dean. After looking at the notepad again, he speaks: “I wouldn’t have to rewrite everything every second if you would give me a goddamn minute to say what I need to say.”
The morning of his eighth day at Hope Valley, Dean walks into Bobby’s office with one of Charlie’s Star Wars pens and a small notepad that Cas snagged for him from the art room. He already has a message written out, anger visible in the harsh curves of the letters. He rips the note out and slaps it on Bobby’s desk, not taking his seat like usual.
Castiel’s shoulders drop. He stands up, back to his full height, and Dean sees a ripple of something pass over his face that he can’t identify. With a deep breath, Cas steps close to him again. This time, Dean’s heart doesn’t pick up speed.
Is therapy going okay?”
stupid is a common side effect of talking for the first time in months.
(It did not look very good.)
when it’s Adam’s turn to speak. And he has a hard look on his face, mouth drawn into a thin line, when he finally does.
He turns quickly, eyes wide on Cas’s shadowy figure in the hallway. Dumbly, he waves.
Dean cradles his head in his hands and forces the memory away. He lands heavily on his mattress, drapes the blankets over himself and curls up as tightly as he can.
Light pours in through the window high on the wall, casting a soft glow on the edge of Castiel’s bare shoulder blade. Dean traces over the curve with his eyes from his bed, longing to follow the curve with his fingertips instead. Cas glows golden in the morning sun. Even on the hard floor of Dean’s room, he sleeps soundly.
Dean tears his eyes away and focuses on the sliver of pale light coming in through the space under the door. Castiel keeps looking at him, and Dean doesn’t know what to do with that. Instead, he focuses on the burning in his cheeks and clears his throat.
--if i had a heart, fever ray
Regardless. Dean’s head
“Bullshit.”
“I know it’s a little scary. But that’s why we start early, so we can get everything sorted out in advance. We’re gonna help you through it so you don’t feel alone.”
“Can I ask you a question?”
Despite his usual insomnia, Dean sleeps dreamlessly through the night and well into the morning. He misses breakfast at eight, and by nine he hears a rapping of knuckles on his door.
Cas lingers in his grip, not moving away from under Dean’s hands. Dimly, in the back of his mind, Dean realizes that Cas has probably been touched by no one other than Meg and doctors since he got his diagnosis. The realization of his isolation, the pain mirrored within his own solitude, drives Dean forward. He leans in close, stops himself just a few inches shy. Lets his eyes linger, and pretends, for a second, that he could do something.
Then it’s Dean’s turn. Everyone looks at him, expectant, and at this point he’d usually throw up a hand-written note that said “MY NAME IS DEAN AND I DRINK TOO MUCH”, scribbled in dark ink. But he told himself he was going to talk today, and he didn’t bring a pad of paper. He didn’t even bring a pen.
“Dean, I don’t know if you know this, but you’re kind of
Four days pass, and Dean finds himself incapable of letting go of the bracelet in his pocket. He finds reasons not to give it each time he sees Cas -- Cas has a fresh mystery bandage on his wrist, and Dean doesn’t want to accidentally hurt him, so he can’t give it then. The day after that, Dean examines the bracelet and realizes that he could have made the pattern longer and the braided ends shorter, so he unties half of his work and remakes the loop of thread. The next day Cas is so fatigued that he falls asleep on Dean’s shoulder as they work, so his opportunity is gone; instead, he relishes in the weight of Castiel leaning against him and the soft tickle of dark hair against his neck.
Charlie stares up at him from her little stool, and her eyebrows knit together. “Oh, I’m so sorry Dean,” she says, and she means it. She grabs his hand for a second and squeezes before returning her gaze to Tissue Mountain. “It never gets easier. Some things have, but today always hurts.”
Dean grins at her. “C’mon, Jody. You knew I was goddamn blessing before,” he speaks with a shine in his eyes, the familiar banter making some of the ice melt over his skin. “With a face like this, I never have to say much.”
about saying
and every harm is lovingly
He shuts the door behind him, staring with wild eyes at the dark-haired man. He’s messily rearranging the sheets on his bed, a dark blue quilt hanging over the side and pooling on the floor. He doesn’t turn back to Dean, just starts talking as he messes up the sheets. “Get under the bed. I’m going to crack the door open, and they will most definitely come in here. Just stay curled up. And don’t make a noise, of course, but it seems like you’ve already got that down.”
He flinches. Cas nods. “That’s what I assumed.”
tw: excessive sap, mentions of prostitution, discussion of HIV and treatment methods
Dean shrugs a bit too hard a little too fast, simultaneously desperate to know more about this person who Cas had
Dean sits, sheepish at having offended him. He tucks his arms in close to his sides, tugging the jacket tight around his body.
“Dean. I’ll help you up and I’ll tell you what you have to do now, okay?”
Dean shrugs, then offers the best that he can. “It doesn’t feel like my body’s even mine anymore.”
But he still can’t talk. And it’s starting to bug the hell out of him.
“Sit down, Winchester. If I’m not good enough for you then
Dean’s eyes had shot back open -- and even though he had just spent two hours talking, he found his throat closed once again. So, he silently traced the letters he so desperately wanted to speak aloud into words on the delicate skin of his wrist.
Castiel’s voice pricks like thorns into Dean’s skin. “None of what happened before matters. Using is my life. I use, I feel good, and it’s the only thing that makes me feel
Or an exception to the rule
“...as I’m sure some of you have heard, we had a bit of a runaway situation yesterday. And we’re covering family today, so I know that plenty of y’all are gonna want to get the hell outta Dodge, but I
Twenty different thoughts whirl in his mind at once, and Dean feels helpless to stop the onslaught.
Scrambling around the room for his one singular possession, panic grips him. Under the bed, inside each drawer, tangled up in his sheets. Anxiety reaches up through the ground, wrestles his ankles to the tile and cements him to the floor. Dean feels sweat starting to collect on his palms.
Dean nods at him again. Benny’s words do comfort him a little bit; usually, he wouldn’t allow himself to feel better. But Ellen told him a few sessions ago that he needed to work on getting taken care of instead of doing the caring all the time, and he’s trying. So he lets the tension drop from his shoulders as much as he can and lets his gaze shift somewhere else.
Castiel explained to Garth, and he let them go without another question -- all he did was wish Dean good luck and tell him that he could do anything. Dean tries not to let another kind comment incapacitate him, and instead focuses on the logistics of this plan.
“Whatever it was, it’s probably really hard to deal with. Cas sounds like he’s been through a lot, even if he doesn’t tell people about it. Dean, this was stupid, but it sounds like you just need to talk to him.”
Two minutes pass. Dean swallows.
I can't see the light for the trees"
Scrambling to his feet, Dean opens his mouth to speak when he realizes that he has no idea what Cas is doing. Reaching into the back of his dresser, he retrieves a bulky object. Even in the darkness, Dean recognizes it; his heart starts to beat faster, and the panic is replaced with something bright, happy.
Dean swallows hard and rubs a hand down his face, pausing at his eyes to wipe away some of the wetness. He scribbles something out, and it’s barely legible -- but after twenty seconds of analysis, Castiel understands.
TW: detailed description of substance abuse, suggestion of suicidal behavior, mention of self harm, a frustrating amount of miscommunication
Love it for what it is
The floor is the only place he can look. Specifically, the chipped tile next to the edge of Bobby’s small brown desk.
“Then why was he trying to rile you up so bad?”
Ellen’s eyes narrow as soon as she reads the message. “Don’t apologize. And you're not lame, whatever the hell you mean by that.”
Everything Dean wrote out just became irrelevant due to Sam’s question, and he scribbles over it angrily. This activity is way more frustrating than he was anticipating, and he still hasn’t gotten a chance to say any of the things he wants to say to Sam -- he’s already exhausted.
“So. You’re getting close to finishing up here.”
to let me know, but Garth is pretty damn busy with the narcotics ward so you’re stuck with me for now.”
He can feel the heat from him, smells something faintly lavender. Castiel speaks softly to him, eyes briefly meeting Dean’s gaze before dropping back to the thread. “Let me show you.”
He walks quietly down the hallway before stopping in front of Castiel’s door, and he
He remembers sitting in the office as he received his diagnosis. At the time, everything the doctor told him was static -- so he had to go the public library and find an old book about it to figure out what was really wrong with him. Because he knew there was something wrong,
They snag a spare notebook from the craft room and a couple of backup pens because Dean is feeling a little paranoid about this. Sure, it’s better than being totally silent for twenty minutes after saying
He’s been so worried about getting the words out that he barely thought about what the words would be.
addict.”
chapter tw: explicit discussion of withdrawal, mention of drug abuse, mention of alcoholism, explicit and detailed discussion of friendship bracelet making process
think about yourself. Because in order to recover, you gotta get to the point where you think you deserve to recover. So, we’re gonna go around the circle and everyone’s gonna say something good about themselves.”
I'll be home where I go someday"
“You’re almost done. Come see me when you get out, it’s just a couple of weeks,” he smiles warmly, tucks a piece of paper with a phone number into Dean’s shaky palm. His eyes are bright and soft, and Dean wonders what his life would have been like if he’d had someone like Benny to lean on instead of collapsing in on himself for so long.
In this world
“Fine, Dean. Take your fucking time,” he says, sounding bitter.
“Goodbye, Dean.”
Dean scrapes his nails over the crown of his head, starting to fight back another onslaught of nausea on top of the headache. From the bed, Castiel speaks again: “For future reference, you should try to abstain from strenuous activity during the first phases of withdrawal. Tends to make the symptoms worse, which I’m sure you’re aware of by now.”
“Pleased to meet you, Dean,” he says, gazing back down at the thread in front of them. “Pick five colors.”
He’s scheduled to call Sam early in the morning, and he’s nervous. He hasn’t talked to anyone else today, but Dean feels the difference in the bolt of his jaw, a relaxation in his chest -- he could, if he chose. The anxiety that usually coils around his spine has disappeared for the time being, and it’s new. Talking to Cas all night and this morning felt new. It felt like talking for the first time all over again. It’s special.
fucking hurts. It has been for awhile, but this whole friendship-bracelet-thing was working wonders as a distraction tactic. Maybe he could drop the whiskey after all if he just picked up this instead.
Heart about to beat out of his chest, he turns to the voice and sees a tall silhouette poking out from behind one of the bedroom doors at the very back of the hall. The figure comes out to stand in front of Dean, and as he walks closer Dean realizes that
want to talk -- in a way. He wants to want it the same way he wants to want friends or kindness or a warm hand intertwined with his own. But there’s a wall about twenty miles high around his mind and one twice as tall around his heart, so the wanting will have to wait a little longer.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean stands and lets his hand rest on the doorknob for a second before opening the door to find Bobby on the other side. His arms are crossed over his chest, head tilted back and analyzing Dean in the new scrubs. Dean’s (Dad’s) jacket is tucked under one arm.
Dean stares at him blankly before responding. He grips the hem of his scrubs tight in his fist and tries to ignore the way his pulse is pounding. “Might be. Don’t have to talk about it, though.”
He isn’t, truthfully. Dean doesn’t let anyone into his space -- ever. In the last six years, Dean can count the number of times Sam was allowed into his room on one hand. But having Cas there, last night, even if it was just an arm’s length away on the ground -- it felt good. The few times that Dean startled awake, nightmares fresh behind his eyes, Cas had been right there. And something about Cas being there had soothed Dean enough for his eyes to close again, which rarely happened.
Dean drops his hand and sees Cas staring down at his now-obliterated field of flowers. Dean copies his earlier gesture, tapping on the table -- Castiel meets his gaze, and Dean shakes his head. The other man tips his head, and
make my name
“Dean, I’m not gonna leave you alone on Thanksgiving. This is the longest we’ve been apart since before I was born, I’m pretty sure. Hate to say it, but I miss you,” Sam’s voice is soft through the receiver. The words register in his brain slowly, and he starts to feel his throat close up for a different reason -- he feels like he’s about to cry, but it’s not bad. It doesn’t hurt.
Cas,” Dean spits out, yanking Castiel’s arm forward. He pushes some of the bracelets up, closer to his elbow, and Dean’s words freeze in his mouth.
Bobby walks forward and extends a hand, meeting Dean’s eyes. Dean swallows deep, tries to stop his body from shaking any more than the low-grade tremor he’s felt for ten minutes now. He extends his hand, giving the jacket over before gathering his other items from the bed and tucking them into Bobby’s arms. Before he turns to close the door and change into scrubs, Bobby stops the door with one plaid-covered shoulder.
Underneath and inside just to come around
Baby what you see"
--forwards beckon rebound, by adrianne lenker
. He’s leaning gently against the door, book tucked under crossed arms. His forearms are covered in friendship bracelets. At least a dozen on each arm, bright colors and different patterns -- there are so many that Dean’s eyebrows raise up and he points to them, takes a step closer to look. Blue Eyes sticks an arm out without a word, letting him admire the bracelets; there’s one in particular that Dean can’t stop looking at, dark teal and dusty orange intertwined with black threads in a diamond pattern. It looks like the color palette of every cowboy movie he’s ever seen.
“Dean?”
instead of what he's done. Wonders if anyone at all is capable of seeing him like that when he can't even look past it in the mirror every morning.
he thinks.
First time speaking since all this started, and Dean’s fucked it up already. He shakes his head and keeps writing, trying not to let the frustration leak into his words any more. A lot of the time, Sam acts like he’s fucking fifty -- so much so that Dean forgets he’s just a teenager.
Benny’s eyes narrow. “You sure?”
“Ever made one?”
He shakes his head and furrows his brows.
Dean's posture deflates and he blinks hard, scrubbing the tears out of his eyes.
Dean writes out a note quickly, slides it across the table.
She stares at the note for a second, then plasters on the worst fake smile that Dean has ever seen in his entire life.
In other words, Cas is far more head over heels for Dean now than he’s ever been. He tries to ignore the quiet, unstoppable elation that wells up inside him whenever they’re together, though, because he knows Dean doesn’t see him like that. Cas contents himself with just being Dean’s friend, and it’s more than enough, most of the time. He’s learnt to ignore the way Dean still makes him smile wider than he means, makes his heart beat faster, his cheeks flush with heat. He’s got it all under control. As much as anyone can have falling in love with their best friend under control, anyway. Under control enough that Dean would never know how he really feels, which is what counts.
“Why would they?” Dean laughs, “I was never brainy like Sam. Sure, I did okay in school and stuff but I was more focused on dating people and skipping class than getting grades. I’m better with my hands, that’s why I like working the repair business.”
He’s only four lines into
Castiel smiles softly, and god, it’s beautiful on him. “I promise it wasn’t a distraction tactic,” he murmurs, and it’s so painfully earnest, so full of promise.
The quiet makes it too easy to hear Dean.
Dean’s smiling too, he realises, so wide it should hurt but it doesn’t. He winces fleetingly at the sharp point of the needle again, but it soon fades into the background. The muscles in Cas’s forearms are taut, tensed under their ink. Dean looks at the constellation points of ursa major, two lines of Latin poetry, the wildflowers. It doesn’t do anything to help his current state, looking at Cas’s soft, warm skin, picturing it against his on these sheets. Knowing that Cas wants that now too, that it’s not just a fantasy. That maybe Cas has fantasised about him like this too. Dean has to bite his lip against a groan as Cas’s grip tightens slightly, blue ink slowly blossoming under his fingertips.
“I am into him,” Cas whispers, feeling his cheeks burn. “He’s – not like anyone I’ve ever met, Meg. It’s like he really sees me, you know?”
Because – okay – if Dean sometimes finds himself attracted to Cas under normal circumstances (i.e. being human), it’s nothing to how he feels right now. Cas looks fucking
But, even less ideal than the fact Dean is currently a member of the undead, is the fact he is alone, in his bedroom, with Cas. Which, if Dean is being totally honest with himself, is the kind of situation that would stress him out even if he weren’t currently experiencing the whole uncontrollable bloodlust thing. Because – not that he’d would admit this to anyone, especially Sam and his stupid, smug face – he actually already has enough urges when it comes to Cas without also wanting to, y’know, drain him of blood. Which is, incidentally, pretty much all he can think about right now.
“Clearly not much modesty,” Cas says, dryly, in attempt to lighten the tone.
Dean grins too, a little awkwardly, like he realises he’s been caught staring. “My friend Pam would tell you to keep the leaves in,” he says, rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly. He gestures to the tea Cas is preparing. “She does readings and stuff, says she can tell the future from whatever’s left in the bottom of your cup.”
Dean’s first impression of heaven is that it is cold, and lonely. The starry sky is beautiful, but it makes him feel empty. He wonders if Cas felt the same, all those eons he spent here before he knew Dean. The thought makes Dean’s throat ache, his eyes burn until the night sky blurs. He rubs a hand subconsciously over his shoulder, holds it like he’s giving himself a one-armed hug. He closes his eyes against the constellations, remembers.
A sudden rustle in the clearing drags Castiel’s gaze away from the sky, and his gaze snaps towards the open space, defences immediately going up.
Finally forced to pull back a little for air, Cas tugs Dean’s bottom lip gently between his teeth, and immediately, Dean sucks in a breath and the hand on Cas’s back fists into the material of his sweater that Cas is still wearing.
Cas bites back a smile, reaches for the tea leaves. “Did you have a good time last night?”
“Me neither,” Cas says, stroking his thumb across Dean’s palm, revelling in how wonderful it is to be able to touch Dean like this, to not have to hide how much he wants to.
“Well, have a drink while you think about it,” Dean’s thumb strokes softly over Cas’s palm for a split second that Cas doesn’t have a chance to process before Dean’s moving away again. “Plus, it’ll help with the pain,” Dean adds, grabbing a bottle of rum from beside the microwave. He reaches up to get a couple of glasses from the cabinet, and his shirt rides up again. Cas has to suck in a breath as he sees the delicate pink lace against Dean’s skin again, undeniably real. Intricate roses in pink lace.
Dean nods, biting his lip. The first pierce of the needle does sting, but it’s not as bad as he imagined, and it soon numbs into vague, prickly discomfort. The downside of this is that Dean isn’t as distracted from Cas’s proximity as he’d like. The sooty sweep of Cas’s lashes, his full lips slightly parted in concentration, his rumpled hair. He’s wearing his shirt unbuttoned and Dean can see a distressing amount of smooth, toned skin, the tangle of pendants round his neck, including the one Dean gave him for his last birthday. Cas had been quiet when he’d opened it, had hugged Dean so hard it hurt a little. It makes Dean’s chest ache just thinking about it now, about this fleeting moment where Cas had just looked at him like he wanted him too, like something was going to happen. But neither of them had made a move, and Dean has always wondered if he’d read too much into it.
“Once, I suppose so,” Dean sounds distracted, but his tone doesn’t match the intent focus in his gaze as he looks at Cas. The cold has made his cheeks flush darker still, and the light is muted enough that only an arc of green is visible around the black of his pupils.
“Definitely,” Cas says, smiling. “I’d like that.”
Time passes. And then – something about the intensity of the silence lessens, like he isn’t the only one breathing it anymore.
“Dean?”
“I –” Cas swallows, heart suddenly thudding. He doesn’t know what to say. He could just lean in and kiss Dean, like he’s wanted to all week. It would be so easy. But what he blurts instead is – “You’ve got something on your face.”
“Yes you fucking can,” Meg argues, wiping her black and purple hair down with a tea towel. “He’s coming by tomorrow, right? Ask him out then.”
When Cas finally pulls away, Dean lets out a faint sound of distress that makes Cas’s heart skip a beat. “You’ve got an interview,” he tells Dean, a little breathlessly.
Before Cas can process the enormity of that sentiment, Dean is kissing him. Hot and soft and with a kind of recklessness that is so
In his coat pocket, he can feel the outline of the little peppermint tin where their heartbeats edge closer to each other. He smiles against Dean’s mouth, loves that he’ll never be able to taste peppermint without remembering this; the shine of Dean’s eyes in the muted December lights, the heat of their bodies pressed together, the sky frozen and empty overhead, a blank canvas for their own stars.
“Dean,” Cas calls breathlessly, running after him, “Dean – wait,” he gasps, finally close enough to reach out and grasp Dean’s shoulder.
“Thanks,” Cas mumbles, unsteady. “Just as well,” he adds dryly, “Death by vegetable preparation wasn’t really the noble legacy I was going for.”
“Very interesting,” Cas contemplates, licking the tip of the candy again with a swirl of his tongue. Dean makes a stifled sound, and Cas looks up with a frown. “Don’t you want yours?” he asks, eyeing Dean’s uneaten candy, “Or do you only enjoy them when you can eat them with Sam? I’m sorry, I know I can’t provide that part of the tradition for you.”
“Where do you work?” Cas asks, curious. Usually with the people who come in, he’s pretty good at guessing their professions – but this guy is unreadable in a way that shouldn’t fit with his seemingly open, cocksure persona. Cas kind of likes that about him, that he can’t quite figure him out. It makes him want to even more.
“Thanks,” Dean grins back, looking almost bashful. “The repair place hasn’t been doing too well lately, and my nerdy brother thought that some qualifications might help things along, so I applied. On a whim, really. I never thought they’d offer me an interview.”
“You don’t normally see me in the mornings, so how would you know I’m different?” Cas counters, hoping Dean doesn’t notice the way his hands are trembling slightly. “Anyway. Today’s about you,” he adds, turning and grabbing the tea leaves from under the counter just for something to do, “How are you feeling?”
“Dean,” Cas says, like he knows, like Dean’s name answers everything.
That’s why, Dean tells himself, he’s spent so much time trying to think of what to give Cas this Christmas. It’s hard to top Cas’s gift-giving skills. He has always had an unnerving knack for somehow knowing exactly what Dean wants, even before Dean knows it himself. Not that Dean would tell him, but all his most treasured gifts over the years have all been from Cas. A wonky, handmade wooden impala car Cas made in his Dad’s workshop when he was twelve. Zeppelin concert tickets the Christmas they were both fifteen. Last year, an anthology of Neruda with Cas’s scrawling writing on the opening page, which Dean has read more than the poems the book contains (not that he’d admit that to Cas).
“Maybe I missed my calling with this brainy stuff,” the guy takes the cup and raises it, sniffing experimentally. “Interesting,” he remarks. “Thanks. How much do I owe you?”
Glancing up warily, Dean sees Cas standing on the other side of his bench. Cas smiles shyly, like Dean isn’t really the ass he’s been to him all week, and starts gathering up the spilled currants with long, expert fingers. Dean watches him blankly for a moment, swallowing, before his brain kicks into gear and he starts scooping up the currants near him messily and without finesse. They work in silence for a couple of moments, the slight awkwardness broken by the rattle of currants hitting the bottom of the plastic tub.
“Your fault?” Dean blinks, confusion deepening. “What?”
“Singer’s Auto Repair just down the road,” the guy says, in a tone Cas thinks he might be able to place if he knew him better. “I usually get my coffee at Crowley’s, that place on fifth? But it’s closed for renovations so here I am,” he grins, “And now that I know the baristas here wear adorable bumblebee aprons, I think I might just have to come back.”
, heavy and pleading, but with no hope. It was the way dying people said
“Hey. This isn’t bad,” Dean is seemingly absorbed in Cas’s copy of
Naively, Cas had once thought that the more time he spent with Dean, the easier it’d be to get over how ridiculously hot he is. And okay, it’s true, Cas is now (mostly) past the stage of blushing every time Dean looks at him or forgetting how to speak when Dean leans back on the sofa and stretches. But instead, Cas is reminded on a daily basis of not only how absurdly beautiful Dean is, but also what an incredible person he is. Dean is unexpected, outspoken and loyal, a little reckless, surprisingly vulnerable. He’s easily the best friend Cas has ever had. Whenever Dean knows Cas is stressed out about assignments, he’ll study diligently at his side in the library all night for moral support, regardless of whether he has any deadlines himself. He plays his Dad’s old Zeppelin and Stones records far too loudly on Cas’s vinyl player and asks Cas questions no one else has ever bothered to ask and is just this secure, dependable presence in his life Cas never knew he needed.
to see it. Adam, who knows what he is. The kid who’s combative and bitchy and always talking too much in group. Dean can barely
“What was the last thing you said to her?”
be. He’s always going to be, and everyone in his life is going to get ripped away just like everyone at Hope Valley will be ripped away. Charlie, Ellen, Benny, Kevin, Bobby, Cas. Caught up in the routine and the friendships, it felt like a utopia for a little bit; full of other people fucked up in the same way. People who tried to understand, people who listened. For the first time in his life, Dean hadn’t felt alone.
Whispering again.
He opens his eyes.
“Hello, Dean. You’ve been standing out here for quite some time,” he says, walking back into his room and immediately beginning to rummage around in the bins of thread and art supplies. Even though his voice is neutral and steady, Dean can’t forget what he just saw. This now makes two times that Dean has seen Castiel truly,
Dean pushes back the stinging in his throat and waits a beat before speaking.
Ellen clears her throat. “Alright then. Everybody introduced, let’s get started. We’re talking about worth. Particularly, self-worth. Everybody know what self-worth is? Ash, give me a definition.”
He must stare at the pie for a little too long though because Jody squeezes his shoulder again. “Better to kill your heart than your liver right now, Winchester,” she says, laughing a little. “Take a seat. Someone skinnier than you finally showed up to this joint.”
“Why -- why don’t you? Cas, I don’t --”
sense,” Sam says.
Dean smiles in the darkness and shrugs.
He takes in one deep breath, looks behind at the hallway, and watches Charlie curl around the corner. She shouts his name, and he takes off again. Makes a left turn, sees that the NA ward has the exact same layout but mirrored. He slows down a little but keeps walking to the hallway with the bedrooms, wonders what his best move could be -- maybe he just escapes. Takes his chances at the other medical bay. Maybe hightail it out of there and hope that Sam’s already on his plane to California. He knows that Sam sure as hell doesn’t have the cash to get a plane ticket back, so he just needs to make sure he’s actually
All of his anger bleeds away, replaced by a fresh wave of terror. Because Bobby doesn’t know everything -- but he knows some. And all at once, Dean’s illusion of choice is gone.
chapter tw: mention of drug abuse, mention of child abuse
He thinks about how he can probably make it out of the medical bay if he distracts Charlie for long enough.
Dean likes to tell himself that it was his choice. It’s the only way to make it bearable. But he’s had a hard time with food, since then -- ever since he started junior year. Eating was always a complicated thing, and he saw it as a necessity to keep the machine of his body moving rather than something in which to find joy, create family.
“I know it feels terrifying. But you’ve gotta let someone in. It doesn’t have to be me, it can be Ellen, or someone else on the ward. But you have to do it.”
“Thank you, Dean.”
“Is heroin your only
“I killed my daughter.”
“Sam, I don’t know what to say to him.”
The violent tenderness
Everything that he thinks of hurts -- because he's not
What feels worse is the shame that comes with the quiet. Shame cloaks Dean’s entire perspective of himself and the world, but this is something different. The other things he’s ashamed of are things that he chose to do; they disgust him, but at least he picked those things. The silence, however -- it’s different. An innate failure.
“Want one?” Blue Eyes asks, expression earnest. “It’s easy.”
Dean looks at his friend again, eyes sparking electric blue.
But Ellen is patient, and she waits for him just like everyone else. Even now, two hours after Benny’s gone, and Dean is finally letting the tears drip down his face. He can’t speak, and he told Ellen that he wouldn’t be able to; she’s started bringing a backup notepad and pen just in case. It feels like a step backwards to Dean, and he’s ashamed.
Cas’s expression flickers. “Dean – you wouldn’t be saying the things you’re saying if you weren’t in the early stages of transformation.”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says, unable not to smile too. Dean. It suits him.
“Why would being asked out by the dork he so clearly has a massive crush on upset him?” Meg demands incredulously, tossing the tea towel back onto the counter.
“I can’t do that,” Cas says, scandalised. “I barely know him.”
Dean never thought he’d make it this far.
The shaking gets worse. He shrugs again, then forces his eyes shut. The pen almost slips out of his fingers when he starts to write again, but he manages to scrawl out one word:
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel pauses, considers Dean's note. “We should probably work on our execution, but I feel like it was an admirable first attempt,” he says, and it’s so absurd to compliment that disaster of a conversation that Dean laughs a little. It’s empty, but it’s a laugh.
in shining letters. That pill from Charlie had to have some kind of truth serum in it, because Dean Winchester was not the transparent type -- but in those three hours, he told Bobby about 20% of what had happened to him. And that was more than anyone else had ever known.
He couldn’t articulate the words if he tried, but he knows why it rubs him the wrong way. It’s something about people knowing he exists even when he’s not there -- he’s real, taking up space. And there are two inherently terrible things about that:
He forges ahead.
He sighs and lets his head fall back against the door to the craft room with a soft thud. It’s late, and he knows that even if he walks to the other side of the ward he won’t have a lot of time with Cas. Probably just twenty minutes, maybe less. And the whole time he’ll be thinking about the way Cas’s hands look when they’re drifting down someone’s back, the soft way he speaks to someone he cares about.
He waits for a second, feels embarrassment crawl up his spine.
“Thanks for being a little more engaged today,” she says.
“Dean?”
After Castiel shows Dean how to knot the threads together the right way, they work in silence for one hour. The work is simple enough that Dean can make a lot of progress in a little amount of time, but keeping the threads
His breathing speeds up, and he cradles his head in his hands. “Dean?” Castiel questions, voice changing from its neutral cadence for the first time since Dean’s heard him speak. It goes soft and low, a hint of concern at the edges. A hand falls on Dean’s shoulder, warm and barely there.
Dean stares at the shitty little rainbow instead of sitting down, eyes scanning the walls for an explanation of the phrase. Beneath the tiny framed illustration is a little black placard that reads
(See the end of the chapter for
He throws up his right hand and splays all of his fingers out, and he can’t help but notice the slight widening of her eyes.
“I’m bad at that.”
Dean crooks up one side of his mouth. “Guess so. The counselors kinda know more about how to help with all the self-hatred and daddy issues.”
“No, Dean, listen to me. I already told her no.”
“I’m assuming you’re here for another bracelet-making lesson?” He asks, and Dean nods once. Castiel returns the gesture and closes the distance between them, gently stepping in front of Dean to open his bedroom door. “Let’s not waste any time, then. You’ve only got an hour or so before the door alarm will go off and you're stuck here. And while I’m delightful in the nighttime hours, I can guarantee that you won’t find me as charming between the hours of seven and eleven AM.”
Nonchalantly, Castiel speaks from somewhere to Dean’s left. “What exactly have you felt that feels worse than going through withdrawal for the first time?”
Hold on a second,” the voice says, and it doesn’t take long for Dean to realize that it’s Ellen. He picks up his pace.
Then I'll leave it wide open
And forget all about the pressure of days
Dean doesn’t like to think of himself as a romantic. But in the gentle dawn on the floor of his bedroom, peacefully asleep, Cas looks almost angelic.
"If I could go
“This isn’t a weakness, Dean. You get nervous, you clam up. It happens to everybody, but it’s harder for some people. You’re on high alert all the damn time. Hard to talk with alarm bells going off in your head constantly.”
And then Dean had laughed a little, and he wrote a little note about his dad’s Chevy Impala.
It's not just the quiet -- Charlie has her back turned to him, keying information into the computer. Dean swallows his pill and tosses the little cups into the trash can next to the door. He stares at the line of her back, the way she sits up totally straight with stiff shoulders. Dean frowns.
At that, Dean looks up for a second. Castiel is gazing at him with a touch of sympathy from his perch on the bed. Dean jots down
“He believes I’m sleeping with the night nurse on staff and he has a particularly disgusting affection for her.”
“Dean, stay with me. It’s okay. Can you tell me what it is about getting out of here that scares you?”
"I was referring to the present in past tense
Dean swallows. “Just fine. How’s school? And the girl?”
Clutching the pages tightly in his fingers, he feels a drop of sweat drip down the length of his spine. As he silently passes through the glass doors into the narcotics ward, he feels his pulse bounding in his chest, in his wrists, behind his knees. Anxiety grips him tight, but he fights it every step of the way -- he has something to say. And he needs Cas to know,
(And yes, it doesn’t.)
Ellen immediately shakes her head. “You’re not going to be alone, Dean. You’ve got plenty of friends from here that you can contact, and you’ve got that genius little brother too. There are support groups you can keep going to, and you’ll meet plenty of people when you get a job.”
Dean extends his arms to his sides, lifts his eyebrows.
chapter tw: mention of prostitution, mention of child abuse, mention of violence
tight enough takes enough concentration that he stops thinking about anything else except for the little project in his hands.
This time, Cas looks away. “Nothing of import.”
Then I could see
Dean watches the door shut, barely picking up the soft click of the buttons on the phone as Adam dials the number. He closes his eyes and takes a deep breath before he starts walking to his room again, mulling over the phrase.
“Hey, Dean! How’s it going?”
Dean pauses, closes his eyes for a second to block out the beige of the room surrounding them. Instead, he thinks of blue.
Dean stands and Charlie gestures to the door opposite of where he entered, taking the little vials of blood from earlier and labeling them with strips next to the computer. “You can wait in the room out there, Bobby will probably come get you in a few minutes. Welcome to Hope Valley, Dean.”
So you're asking everybody who they think they really are
, and those are the types of thoughts that lead a man to slam his entire body into the door two more times until the wooden frame splinters. Dean slams to the ground, hard, and Bobby is following him and talking to him like he’s a spooked animal, and he
Dean folds up the note and tucks it in the pocket of his scrubs. He feels warm.
“That’s certainly true. So you can take your time, but I would like to remind you that we don’t have all day and I do still have a backup notepad.”
Dr. L***y is in her forties, with short black hair and dark skin. The kindness in her eyes shifts, for a second. And Dean isn’t that perceptive a lot of the time, but he can see that she gets sad for that second.
On the notepad, he scribbles out a barely-legible apology.
“What about Anna? Why not stay with her?”
“You could finish college, easy. You think admissions people wouldn’t eat this story up? Come on. And even if you don’t want to go back to the ivory tower you can finish at the good ol’ Johnson County Community College in Lawrence, Kansas.”
“One more word out your mouth and I’m gonna slap you upside the head,” Ellen spits out. “We’ve wasted enough time on this, let’s get started.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean swallows.
Dean pauses for a second, and then the pieces come together.
(See the end of the chapter for
After getting back to his room, he curls up with the blankets again before the note on his dresser catches his eyes again. Dean retrieves the note, unfolds it; he stares for a long time at the little black bird before noticing that Castiel crosses his t’s in a weird way.
Dean looks down at his hands and fidgets. He can feel the heat of Benny’s gaze right next to him, Ellen staring him down from the front of the room -- he’s scared to look up at anyone, because he doesn’t know what he’ll see. When he raises his head, Dean decides to keep his eyes on Cas; this isn’t new to him. He’s prepared for it, he’s heard it already. He knows what Cas is going to look like. He’s going to look normal, and he’s not going to stare at Dean with huge eyes and gaping mouths like everyone else.
“No, thank you. That’s alright.”
at him. For a moment, Dean thinks
and Cas had been smiling at him more than usual in the craft room -- but Meg was there, standing in the doorframe, having a similar conversation to the one he’d overheard before.
Dean squeezes his eyes shut as tightly as he can, feels hot and heavy tears working their way up. With panic rolling around in his chest, he realizes that he can’t push them away --
He stares at her for seven seconds straight, and that’s all it takes.
(See the end of the chapter for
I forgive you. And don’t fucking apologize for not telling me. People don’t have to, y’know. Talk about that stuff, if they don’t wanna,” he says, and he feels heat flare in his cheeks. The proximity, the conversation, the truth hovering under his tongue --
It’s been a full week. It feels like it’s been years, but it’s only been a week.
tw: extended discussion of child abuse, mention of suicide, brief mention of self harm
at living a normal life. You already know that. I’m not good at anything else other than being here and being doped up or being out there and being doped up. I don’t have anywhere to go, or anything to do, or anyone to see. There's
After a long few seconds, there’s silence. So much quiet passes through the space that Dean starts to wonder if the silhouette and her counterpart have moved away, but he finally hears what seems like one of the saddest sighs in the world.
Ever a master of smoothly changing topics, Dean speaks. “What’s with the bandages?”
(When someone you love goes away, the grief is overwhelming -- there’s nowhere to put everything you feel for that person. No place to throw it away, or hide it, or move it around to someone else. It gnaws at you, fighting to get out, until it eats you alive, and it feels like you’re dead too.
He’s just about to exit the room to find Charlie when a knock sounds, three quick raps on the door. Dean opens his mouth for a second, so stunned that he almost speaks aloud for the first time since entering the facility.*
Except it’s a whole lot harder to stomach reading stuff like “Restore Us To Sanity” scribbled under a terrible watercolor painting of a rainbow.
Before group, Dean stops by his room to exchange scrub tops (good Lord, had he always been this sweaty?), and hanging on the doorknob is a small plastic bag containing two cookies with a sticky note slapped next to the door handle.
Dean rolls his eyes, turns around in exasperation. He thought therapy would be a hell of a lot harder, but it’s easy to dodge Bobby’s questions. It’s easy to twist his answers into something softer and less disgusting than his reality, and Bobby doesn’t have a single fucking clue. To his knowledge, Dean was just a kid with dead parents and a gnarly resume who liked beer a little too much.
It's alright to want to dream
Dean manages to swing his head up enough to start saying
--see the light, sparklehorse
“I get it.”
--between the bars, elliott smith
Baby what you know
Don't miss it the way I miss you"
As he walks through the door, he finds Adam sitting in the place where he usually sits -- a metal stool next to the stovetop, uncomfortable and slightly too short. Dean pushes down the bitterness in his mouth and remains close to the entryway as he plasters on a small smile for Jody. She walks up to him with a wider grin than usual and claps him on the shoulder.
In this way, Castiel feels like everything that Dean can never be. And he thinks about how it took him three hours just to work up the nerve to say two words to an empty room. And in twenty minutes, he has to talk to Sam -- and he’s not going to be able to.
“That’s fine, that’s totally cool,” he says, the words pouring out. “I get it.”
before Sam starts speaking again. “We can avoid it for now since I know that’s what you’re gonna do, but we’re gonna talk about it. Don’t fight me on this, I won a debate tournament last week.”
Firstly, what the
“It was January of 1991, and I was drunk. I realize I don’t have enough whiskey to last me for the next day. And it’s a Saturday, so I know I can’t get any tomorrow, since this is rural Nebraska,” she says, voice calm. “So I decide that I’ve got to go get some tonight, before the stores shut down for the night. It’s about ten at night, and my fourteen-year-old daughter is the only one home. She had just got back from seeing some friends.”
With a deep sigh, he takes the seat next to Adam. The younger man stares at him with wide, confused eyes, and Castiel extends a hand.
“Hey, brother,” a voice says to his right.
Beneath that, there’s something worse. Because Dean had made a few
He moves down two more rooms, realizes that he went in the wrong direction, and curses. After finally finding 122, Dean feels his heart about to beat out of his chest. Taking in a deep breath, he knocks twice.
He swallows hard, but Adam is staring at him, and panic starts to settle into his bones. He can feel his heartbeat getting faster, cold sweat collecting at his brow, when pounding footsteps distract him near the entrance to the Sunshine room.
He asked how much extra it would be, and she told him, and his first thought was
Cas clenches his jaw while he adjusts the bracelets, arms concealed again. “My parents certainly never did.”
Adam looks at him with huge eyes, then nods. “Your name is Dean, right?” He picks up his fork and starts to poke at golden pastry on the plate again.
He cracks the door back open, then grabs a book from the desk and sits on the bed.
Dean gulps. “You’re… good. Functional.”
“Just wanted to say hi,” he says, words neutral and limp coming out of his mouth.
But now, Sam’s not even there. And Dean’s confronted with the fact that he barely knows how to talk to anyone who isn’t his brother or trying to buy his body.
Dean’s eyes snap back open. He stares at Cas and waves a hand when he doesn’t speak, points at the receiver. Cas makes an incredulous face at him, mimes writing at him -- Dean rolls his eyes and writes out
Now, watching particles of dust pirouette in the beam of light, Dean traces the letters again. He tries to let his voice relax behind the clench of his jaw. He knows that he could easily reach down and shake Cas awake -- hand to shoulder, lifting him up just as Cas had raised him from the floor the first time they met. But Dean knows that his hands are freezing, and Cas will be warm, and he won’t be able to let go.
Dean picks three at random, ending up with a mix of reds and yellows. For some reason he feels self-conscious about his choices, and grabs plain black and white to complete his selection. Castiel shows him how to cut the thread twice the length of his arm, making a knot at one end. “Now, make a four shape with the first two threads and make a loose knot, then keep going.” He starts his own bracelet, four different greens and one black thread. After a few minutes, he turns to check on Dean’s progress. “Oh, not quite that tight -- hold on.” He reaches over and unties Dean’s first row of knots, cheek hovering next to Dean’s shoulder.
He curls in over his knees and lets out a heavy breath. As Dean sits back up, he rubs his neck with his hand.
--last stop: this town, eels
“Gotta get onto you about something else since I know you’re never gonna cut that fucking mane on your head.”
He screws his eyes shut tighter, tries to stop his shoulders from trembling.
Bobby holds his gaze, face softening. “You think you’re slick, son. But I’ve got news: you aren’t.”
You’ve got a hell of lot to look forward to.”
“Congrats on finishing your intake. It’s a tough one,” she says, expression neutral. Dean looks down at his plate again before shrugging with one shoulder. Terrified of what he might do if he thinks about how much he told Bobby for one more second, he turns on his heel to find a table.
“I’m not
Dean’s a little worried about meeting his eyes again, so he focuses instead on the center of his body --
On the other side, he knows that what he is, what he’s done, is too disgusting to ever be accepted by anyone. The option of retreating further seems vastly more appealing, and Dean can run off into his own personal purgatory of never being seen or understood. After all, rejection isn’t even an option when you don’t offer people the
Ellen brightens instantly, leaning forward. “Yes, exactly. What about it?”
I want to sing this song like I'm dying
Charlie talks for a little longer, and most of it is stuff about her parents -- Dean misses part of it because he’s calculating out his next ten minutes, but he makes sure to nod along anyway so she feels like she isn’t alone. When the words start making it back into the comprehension zone of his head again, he hears Charlie say this:
Dean feels something like a tremble starting to crawl up his ribs, making his breath shake out of his lungs. He walks out of the room as fast as his legs will carry him and shuts the door to his room more loudly than he would like (he always hated when Sam did it when they fought -- but he can’t stop himself from slamming the door). Ellen’s comment has rendered him almost incapable of thought, and that’s going to make talking a hell of a lot harder.
This is the day, when things fall into place"
He nods quickly, trying to push down the way his whole body feels like it’s on fire.
chapter tw: mentions of prostitution, discussion of alcoholism
“Cas?”
But terrifying, still.
This work deals with various heavy topics such as alcoholism, drug abuse, self-harm, implied sexual assault, and HIV. I am writing about all of these things from either direct or very close experience, and thus am aiming to be as delicate and respectful as possible without sacrificing the reality of these situations. If these topics are triggering to you, I am going to include very specific tags and warnings at the end notes of each chapter (in this one, HIV/alcoholism/intent and implication of suicide). The point of this work is to detail that there are some really hard things in life, but ultimately it is possible to get through -- this is meant to be an accompaniment for recovery, in a way. If there is anything you think I need to additionally tag or warn about, let me know in the comments (and also if you enjoy). Will update this weekly, hopefully. Thanks for reading! If you or someone you know is in recovery, best of luck.
Eyes locked on the jacket, Dean twitches his head to the side. Bobby sighs and hands the jacket over first. Dean immediately puts it back on, then grabs the sandwich. He starts peeling back the layers of foil to reveal not just a sandwich but what appears to be a full-on panini. He looks back to Bobby and raises his eyebrows, solidly surprised. The older man smiles for a second and shrugs. “She tries to give y’all the best with the funding she gets. Dinner is where she pulls all the stops, just you wait.”
“You seen one of our guys?” Bobby sounds solidly winded, and Dean can see Charlie’s white sneakers hovering right behind Bobby’s boots at the door.
him, is enough to make Dean’s relatively massive lunch roil around in his stomach. He pushes down the nausea and nods, waiting for Benny to continue.
“My professors in school would be so mad at me for acting like this,” she says, and Dean just shrugs when she looks at him with huge, sorrowful eyes. He taps his note again, holds her gaze.
He exits the room and shuts the door, stands by himself in the little waiting area where he met Bobby earlier. Scrubbing the tears out of his eyes, he stands for a second in front of the shitty little paintings again. The
When Castiel woke, he apologized profusely as he rubbed his eyes and told Dean that he should have woken him up. Dean smiled at him and told him it was okay, voice quiet in the scant few inches that separated them. Dean thought about how easy it would be to lean in and ruin everything he spent the last two months building, and decided not to ruin it.
“Better finish it. Best pie this side of the Mississippi,” he says, even going so far as to offer a little smile.
Group therapy passes by him in a haze again even though Ellen is leading this time. And Ellen has a decidedly more aggressive counseling style than Bobby; she calls on people to talk, forces them to crack open and share. She’s tough, but never unkind -- Dean is pretty sure that’s why she doesn’t call on him once the entire session. It’s taking up all of his energy just to
“I passed out for a little bit. When I woke up, an hour had passed and she wasn’t back. I was so damn mad that I decided to get out and walk there myself, even in the snow.”
Dean nods, thinks about the ache in his chest that always pops up on November 2nd.
Dean’s shoulders drop and he lets his head hang forward for a second.
Breath shaking out of his lungs, he thinks about caving in again. Implosion.
After seeing the hint of a smile, Charlie lights up again. “You can come back tomorrow morning after breakfast to get your meds. You’re taking Valium to help manage the withdrawal symptoms. It might make you a little tired, but you won’t have to take it longer than a week.” Dean nods at her and swings his legs over the side of the bed, waits for his vision to stop swimming before he stands. Charlie moves back to the other side of the room, sliding on a thin pink jacket and tossing a few supplies in a black backpack.
As he walks softly down the hall and through the double doors -- the red warning letters more of a welcome home sign at this point -- Dean encounters an obstacle he’s never encountered before.
He goes, and Dean manages to hold back the tears threatening to spill over. Benny strolls through the front doors with purpose, shoulders pulled back and head held high. Last night at group he told everyone that he was moving back in with his cousin for a while, gonna try to land a new job in the next few weeks. He was happy, and he was excited. Everything that Dean isn’t.
(See the end of the chapter for
Another bang on the door.
“I’m working on it. Hard to capture the image of a goddess, y’know?” His voice is weak and he can hear it in his last words. “Let’s leave the queen to her kingdom, I’ll uh -- I’ll show you the crafting stuff. Or whatever.”
Dean shakes his head, harshly, and feels a tear escape.
He holds up his hand and points at the bands of thread. “I can make these.”
“Hello. My name is Castiel. I have an unfortunate proclivity for using heroin.”
“Exceptional craftsmanship,” he says, and Dean grins. “Put your hand on the table.”
He doesn’t know why the thought of going without it makes him feel naked, but Dean hugs the jacket closer to his chest and feels the threat of tears in his eyes again.
“What?”
Or you could hate it softly to yourself alone
“What am I supposed to do?” He curls his fingers up into the hem of his jacket, gripping as tightly as he can so that his hands don’t go flying.
At that, Ellen laughs. “Not like this. I’m just a counselor, so I can’t say anything for sure. But you’ve been through a hell of a lot Dean, and it makes sense to me that you’d feel like this. There are ways that we can make it easier, especially once you get back into the outside world.”
“You need, uh. Help? Tying it?” Dean has watched Castiel tie plenty of bracelets unassisted over the past two-and-a-half months.
Dean closes his eyes.
He was banking on Charlie’s perkiness to get him out of his funk. The dream with his mom fucked him up, and all he wanted was a pleasant
Nervous about being caught, he ducks into a small alcove embedded into the wall and tries to slow the rapid beating of his heart. He feels his throat get tight, a familiar feeling, and he takes comfort in the silence of his hideaway for a moment. But as he closes his eyes to calm down, Dean realizes that he can just barely make out the voice of the silhouette in the darkness.
The hours count down, and Dean realizes that his phone call is going to interfere with what should be his dedicated craft hour.
The panic starts to take over him, and Dean feels his throat closing up. He swallows, pushing back the feeling -- but it’s almost impossible. He can’t imagine returning to the life he lived before; scraping by for shitty food, a shitty apartment, a shitty car. Waking up cold and alone in his apartment, wondering how long it would take him to die.
Cas stares at him for a second before tucking his arms behind his back.
Dean shrugs, quietly takes a seat in the chair he threw yesterday across Bobby’s small desk. His office is the only room that isn’t beige, painted a dark green instead. It’s almost the same shade as Dean’s scrubs, and he would give anything to melt into the walls. He tries to find something in the room to focus on, glances around the stacks of papers and packed bookshelves. Bobby clears his throat after placing a notepad and pen on the desk, and Dean swallows.  He wipes his sweaty hands on the bottom of his scrub top.
He swallows, tears thick in the back of his throat. “I just, couldn’t see him. Going through some stuff.”
But the reality of the situation is that no one ever
“Dean, this doesn’t make
At the mention of John, Dean feels cold. His throat closes up, and he wants to hang up and sit under the covers in his room. Instead, he slides his fingers over the friendship bracelets on his arm and takes a deep breath in.
Adam shakes his hand wordlessly before mumbling his name. As Dean watches Castiel reach out, he notices a thin white strip of gauze under the bracelets on his left arm. Before he can think about it too hard, a familiar obnoxious voice fills the air.
“You’re a fast runner. You ever do cross country in school?” Charlie asks, voice still bright and cheerful. Dean stays quiet, slowly coming back to full awareness of where he is and what he’s done.
it’s usually a shitty thing to do.”
(He had been skipped over in the haze after Adam’s outburst, and Dean thought he seemed deflated at being left out of the discussion. Watching the curve of Castiel’s mouth drift down had made something ache in Dean’s chest. So he wanted the ache to go away. But more importantly, he never wanted to see Cas look like that again.)
The room goes cold.
Cas stills.
So for now, it’s just getting through the next three months. Ninety days, then back to whiskey burning down his throat. Back to silence.
“Talk to me, man.”
“Thanks.”
(He had gotten five hours of sleep, which is abysmal for the average human being but stellar for Dean Winchester.)
“That’s the narcotics male ward. Women’s alcohol and narcotics wards are on the second floors. No fraternization between the four except for some therapy sessions and crafting,” Bobby says, matching Dean’s gaze down the hall. “All the people on your ward are taking a hike right now, which is why it’s a damn ghost town. They’ll be back by the time we get you settled in your room.”
The guy has really,
“Thanks, man. Do you wanna, uh -- work on some bracelets? Get your mind off things?”
He doesn’t know what it is exactly about Castiel that feels so different, but Dean just wants to see more of him.
At the end of their appointment, Bobby looked at Dean and said
“Great! Makes my job a whole lot easier,” Charlie grins wider at him. “Alright, the hard part is out of the way. Once your labs are back, you’ll come back this afternoon for your medications. Until then, you’ll get a tour of the facility from one of our counselors. You get to see your room, the therapy spaces, and,
But this silhouette is standing tall and strong, despite its short stature. It’s dim in the hallway, but Dean can see that the scrubs are a different color from the blues and greens that he’s used to -- in fact, they almost look black contrasted against the beige tiles and walls.
“So perfect, Dean,” Castiel breathes, and Dean groans helplessly, feels a blurt of precum pulse down Castiel’s moving fingers, dizzying pleasure throbbing through him. “Oh,” Castiel sounds overwhelmed in a way that’s all kinds of wonderful, and Dean literally feels Castiel’s cock twitch where it’s pressed against Dean’s hip, which is just ridiculously hot. Pleasure builds heavy and fast in Dean’s cock, and he knows he’s not going to last long like this, with Castiel clearly as turned on as he is by this quietly terrifying, wonderful thing between them.
“I can’t just do that,” Cas scowls, agonised. There is foam on the inside of his ear.
drool. “I didn’t realise I already knew it,” he grits out, watching Cas through hooded eyes, aware that he’s saying too much, but too far gone now to care, “It’s just a stronger version of how you smell normally.”
“I know who you are,” Cas says, warmly, and Dean knows that he does, knows that Cas understands him better than anyone else ever could. Knows that Cas put him back together, pore by pore, freckle by freckle, that Cas knows the pattern of his ribs and the colour of his soul. The thought of being known so completely and so intimately had terrified him once, but he finds it comforts him now, under the vast canopy of stars.
But Dean has been struggling to bring himself to speak to Cas, because, although he’d never admit it aloud, he kind of likes it. Being able to live – however briefly – in the illusion that Cas wants him as much as Dean has tried not to want him for so long. Dean knows Cas doesn’t really want him, that it’s just some muddled up angel-to-human mannerisms that have got confused, but it’s still surprisingly let go of. Especially when Cas seems to only do it around him; Dean hasn’t noticed other people getting flustered around Cas. Sam would definitely have brought it up with Cas if he’d done it with him. So, although he knows it’s illogical, maybe there’s this a tiny part of Dean that hopes the way Cas has started looking at him means something else, something Dean has never let himself think about. It’s all becoming a bit of a car crash.
Cas hates his job. Admittedly, the prospect of serving coffee for eight hours a day in a busy campus coffee shop probably isn’t any introvert’s idea of fun. But it’s not the constant noise and bustle which bothers Cas the most about working at the Moose & Squirrel. It’s not even the fact he has to wear an apron covered in tiny bumblebees, or that the cappuccino machine breaks and spitefully spits hot foam everywhere on a pretty much hourly basis. The thing that makes Cas hate his job is how invisible it makes him feel (no mean feat for a grown man wearing a bumblebee apron and covered in hot foam).
“Oh god. I – okay, can you promise you won’t laugh at me when I tell you this?” Cas ducks his head, rubbing at the blue staining his fingertips and trying not to think about how much he wishes they were back on Dean’s skin.
“Dean,” Cas smiles, quiet but sincere, and stands back to let Dean in. Dean is hit, as he is not infrequently these days, by how good-looking Cas has become. He’s not built but he’s lean, strong-looking, with a kind of grace about the way he carries himself. Tonight, he’s wearing an indigo knitted sweater that he got in a thrift store with Dean last year, and it makes the blue of his gaze feel infinite as it sweeps over Dean, familiar and warm.
“Whatever happens today, I’d really like to do this again with you,” Castiel says, earnestly, with so much openness it makes Dean’s chest ache with something quietly wonderful.
“Very festive,” Dean remarks as Cas closes the door behind them, noting the multi-coloured fairy lights Cas has strewn around the window, glowing softly and casting the room into muted colours. Dean secretly prefers Cas’s room to his; he’s spent so much time in it over the years that it feels just as much like home, maybe even a little more because it has Cas in it.
“Exactly,” Meg grins. “You should totally ask him out.”
Today, for the first time, Cas doesn’t doubt that he will.
Three phases of the moon had passed before Dean stopped shouting Castiel’s name desperately into the unresponsive quiet.
“I guess it’ll have to be. Next time I’ll need to make sure I come in earlier.” When Cas re-emerges, he finds the guy’s eyes on him, warm and flirty and entirely too much for Cas to handle. He swallows, and busies himself with preparing the tea. “Although it can’t be much earlier,” the guy is fiddling with one of the sugar packets again, “I don’t finish work until six.”
“Christ, I’m not some blushing virgin, Cas,” Dean rolls his eyes, mainly to cover up the way his heart is suddenly fluttering in his chest. “Just get on with it, okay?”
“Got them,” Dean announces triumphantly, startling Cas from his daze. He shuts the cupboard door and comes back over to Cas, a little tin in his hand. His expression falters as he takes in Cas’s face. “You alright?” the protective concern is back, a little urgent this time. Cas wonders just how out of it he looks. “Cas?”
“Can I?” Dean breathes against his mouth, fingers tracing the outline of Cas’s zipper, and Cas nods unsteadily, heart pounding. He thinks he cries out as Dean’s hand wraps around his aching cock, but the pleasure is overwhelming. A pulse of precum blurts out just at Dean’s touch, without him even moving his hand, and Cas hears Dean’s sharp intake of breath. “God Cas, you’re perfect,” Dean murmurs, starting to pump Cas, slow and tight.
Dean eyes him curiously. One of his favourite things about Cas lending him books all the time is getting to read Cas’s private thoughts filling the margins. “Is this my Christmas present? Not like you to forgo the fancy paper and the chance to upstage my gift-wrapping skills.”
Dean nods dazedly, before he remembers Cas can’t see him. “Yes – yeah,” he mumbles stupidly, dizzied by the strong grip Cas has around his arm, the tenderness in his touch and the care with which he tattoos Dean. “Yeah.”
Something in Cas’s expression flickers, but he doesn’t move. “You can sense my grace? Even through the scent of my blood?”
“Thanks – what’s your name?” the guy asks.
“You’re doing so good,” Cas murmurs, and god, he’s so close that Dean can feel the warmth of Cas’s breath against his skin along with the heat that blossoms through him at Cas’s praise. “So good, Dean,” he strokes his thumb along Dean’s skin where he’s holding his arm in place, sending sparks shooting through Dean.
Dean tugs them gently from under Cas’s head and leans down to kiss him, soft and sweet and so full of promise it makes Cas’s heart ache. They kiss until they’re both breathless, the pink floral panties crumpled in Dean’s fist against Cas’s chest as they lose themselves in each other all over again.
The next few moments are a blur; Sam yelling, “Dean, stop!”, the impala making an ominous crunching sound as it hits an ornamental rock garden, and promptly collides with a fence.
. Fleetingly, he wishes Sam had stayed to watch over him instead of leaving to track the vamp responsible for this whole mess. At least then Dean would only have had to worry about trying to suck his blood, not also trying to suck his dick. Cas – Cas is a different matter.
“I would like that,” Cas smiles at the thought of getting to taste a little piece of Dean’s history, watches as the lights get brighter and the car slows, pulling into the empty gas station.
“Do I take your order to mean you’ve been converted to the superior hot beverage?” Cas asks, high on the thrill that Dean’s really standing in front of him the way he’s been hoping for all day. Somehow, he’s even more absurdly attractive than Cas remembered.
It’s so cold here. Tonight, Castiel can see the moon; he’s been watching it for almost a year now. Twelve phases of the unblinking lunar eye. Castiel stands at the edge of a crepuscular clearing, staring upwards in reverent silence. He’s hidden by the jagged shadows of tangled branches, but, for once, they do not seem endless. For a moment, he loses himself in the hope of the moon, the hope that things beyond this somehow still exist, can exist again.
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean grins, and wanders over to peruse the selection.
Castiel had always assumed Dean would eventually go quiet like everything else in the quagmire of purgatory. The prospect was somehow even worse than hearing Dean’s fear, his loss. Stillness and silence were never things Castiel had associated with Dean; whenever Castiel thought of him, he pictured the shape of Dean’s mouth as he shouted “run!”, the way he drummed his fingers impatiently on the impala’s steering wheel when they were stopped at a light, how he could only fall asleep to thrashing heavy metal music or the sound of his brother snoring. Castiel dreaded the anguished prayers, but he dreaded the inevitable quiet even more; at least when he was shouting and hurting and fighting, Dean was not giving up a part of who he was.
“Can I –” Cas swallows, terrified of the answer, “Is this okay?”
It’s gloomy and dark outside and they’re making dinner together at Dean’s apartment. Nothing fancy, just stir fry with rice. Cas had stopped to pick up some groceries after his last seminar, and the rain from his walk is still slightly damp in his hair even though Dean had chucked him a towel and bundled him into one of his old sweaters when Cas arrived. The radio is burbling in the background, and Cas is busy chopping peppers and aubergine, the sleeves of Dean’s sweater rolled up. Dean is dancing absent-mindedly in the background to some cliché indie hit as he stirs the ingredients in. It’s comforting, familiar. Something they’ve done a thousand times before.
Jody laughs from her stance at the stove. “You started talking and got a hell of a lot cockier.”
Every second that he felt terrified, it was like his voice disappeared. And it felt like every waking moment was a horror show, now.
That assumption squashed, Dean stares at his friend.
Charlie rummages around on the other side of the room for a few more minutes, and eventually Dean hears her shoes squeak to a stop at his right. “You’ve got fluids and a sedative running through that IV to help with the withdrawal, but you should drink some water. Here.”
Once her notes are completed, she faces him again and puts on a cheerful expression. “You’ve just got ten minutes left on your fluids and then you can grab something from the cafeteria. Usually they have crafts or group sessions at night depending on the schedule, but Bobby said you can chill out in your room tonight.”
I'd like to rearrange your attitude to me"
At that, Dean’s eyes snap up. It feels like all the blood in his body drains away, leaving behind a harsh chill under his skin.
I'll be home wherever I go
And the thing is that he
“And that contributes to the merit of the work in what way?”
For the first time, Dean has friends. Sure, all but one are gone now -- but for the first time in his life, he has friends. Friends that Sam asks about each week, friends that gave him gifts when they walked back out the huge front doors to the real world, friends that listened to him. Not only listened, but waited to listen. Dean swallows again as Benny tosses the other strap of the backpack over his shoulder and zips up his jacket.
and around hour two Sam conked out on the couch and Dean figured it would be a better time to check his messages. He didn’t recognize the number, so he almost deleted it. The clinic visit was in the back of his mind -- his fever had gone down, the pain in his groin had stopped, and overall he felt better.
chapter tw: mention of child abuse, discussion of alcoholism, unhealthy coping mechanisms, mention of prostitution, discussions of suicide, discussion of disordered eating/food restriction
Dean barks out an ugly laugh, the first noise he’s made all session.
Gripping his shoulder tight in one hand, his other arm wrapped around Dean’s back, Castiel hoists him up and steadies him. Dean sways more heavily than he’ll ever admit, and he tries to focus on the way Castiel’s hands root him in place instead of the way he wants to peel his skin off. He keeps one hand over his eyes, the light back to blinding, and Castiel leans in closely.
"All the glory when he took our place
Forty-eight hours have officially passed since he got to rehab -- it feels like it’s been ten years, not two days, but time passes differently in the beige labyrinth of Hope Valley. The hours are shorter, but the days are somehow longer. How every task feels simultaneously infinite and instantaneous is beyond Dean’s comprehension, but he knows that it doesn’t feel right. He’s only been here two days, but he can barely imagine a life outside of this anymore.
“How you think about yourself?”
Cas is seated at the same place as before, this time with an array of oil pastels scattered across the table. When Dean approaches, Castiel’s eyes widen -- he hurries to gather the pastels together, making a space for Dean. Without a word, he places the friendship bracelet from last night on the table. Dean starts to work, and his mind goes blank for all of ten minutes before Castiel accidentally knocks their knees together under the table.
“You’ve done a swell job of being here over the past few weeks, Dean,” Cas’s words are cool, measured. “Perhaps you should get back to the other ward. It’s a little crowded on this side at the moment.”
. “I like the one about the bee box. And,” he glances up, grinning, “Your handwriting pretty cute.”
After a week of agonising over options, it’s finally Christmas Eve and Dean is standing on Cas’s doorstep, breath clouding out in front of him in the frosty air. There’s small parcel in the pocket of his leather jacket that he fiddles with nervously as he waits, feeling the bumps of his own bad gift-wrapping skills. His stomach flips over inexplicably when the hall lights flicker on there’s the sound of keys in the lock.
Cas looks at him a beat longer, before dropping his attention to the present, unwrapping it carefully with his long, dextrous fingers. There’s a moment when he pulls the leather-bound album out of the shell of wrapping where Dean feels hot all over, embarrassed by his own sentiment. He digs his nails into his palm, watches as Cas opens it and goes still, reading Dean’s inscription. There’s a long pause, and then he turns the first page, and then the next and the next, looking at the photos of him and Dean that Dean has collected from over the years: the two of them togged up in winter coats and red welly boots, making snow-angels in Dean’s back garden; Cas aged ten with a tearstained face, watching as Dean puts a band-aid on his grazed knee; both of them on their first day of middle school, Cas moody with pins all over his jacket and scruffy converse sneakers, Dean grinning with his letterman; Cas, windswept and smiling two summers ago, lying on a sandy beach and gazing up at Dean with that a hint of that
“I know, I know,” Dean hedges, fiddling with the bedspread. “It’s just –”
Dean’s heart does something complicated in his chest, and his eyes flicker open to see Cas standing in front of him. His expression is full of concern, all the smitey seductiveness gone.
