Dean parted his lips, and Castiel's eyes snapped down to watch as he darted his tongue across the bottom before pressing them shut, as if he was hesitating, before finally, he was leaning in to crush his lips against Castiel's.
"Hey Cas," He whispered, and Castiel pressed a soft kiss to his cheek before pulling away. "Hello Dean, Benny. Thanks for coming along."
Because Dean remembered seeing the lightest traces of bruises on the inside of Castiel's thighs on Saturday morning. He hadn't been too focused on them, especially with how beautiful Castiel had looked in the sunlight, but in hindsight— it did strike him odd that there were bruises on his thighs when all Alastair had done was use his mouth.
Dean's eyes widened, and he plucked the bottle out of Castiel's hand, despite Castiel's protest, and narrowed his eyes to read the label, before turning back to Castiel with a cold, frigid look in his eyes.
The sound of frantic footsteps running toward him did nothing to faze him, for he realised even before he could listen to them, that Dean would follow him.
"Excuse me?" Meg's eyes snapped open wide, and she glanced between Castiel and Dean. Castiel sent her an assuring look, before walking over to reach for her hand.
"No, you didn't do anything. Just things Dean and I should have spoken about sooner. But it's alright. So," Castiel paused and turned to the rest of the table. "So, guys, we've got Anna now, and she's a great ally. Anna, you've got good reach in our batch, good friends too. Think you could popularize our website and help us get more support?"
There was no space left between them anymore, and Castiel had been pinned against the corner of the wall, with the man pressed into his chest, not leaving an ounce of distance between them. Fucking pervert. He was having fun with it, wasn't he? Pressing into Castiel,
"How was school?" Castiel asked Sam, who swallowed down a mouthful of cereal before turning to Castiel. Sam was a cute, young boy, and always listened to Castiel with complete attention. He was bright, hardworking, and genuinely intelligent. Conversation with him was always interesting.
With a quirk of his bottom lip, Castiel uploaded the video to OnlyPics, with the cheeky, single-worded caption of
For a moment, silence lingered between them, and the air between them had changed. Dean sighed, and turned around to meet Castiel's eyes.
"Hey there, what can I get you?" The waitress arrived at their booth, and Castiel rattled off the order to her, before she left, and returned about twenty minutes later with their food. The twenty minutes in-between had been spent with Dean talking about some new show
Ashamed at having been caught staring, Castiel gawked, and turned his tomato-red face down to his shoes. From the corner of his eye, Castiel watched as the man smirked, and puffed his chest out in an unabashed show of dominance.
Silence had settled between them for a few seconds, before Dean watched Castiel lean in, and press a kiss to his lips.
Disgust rose in the back of Castiel's mind as he compelled himself to stare at Dean, nervously licking his dry lips to speak, when at once, Dean's eyes drop down to his lips to follow the movement of his tongue before flickering back up to his eyes. Castiel tried to twist his arm out of Dean's grip, but it seemed impossible with how tight Dean was holding onto him. When he spoke again, his voice was hoarse from having gone silent for so long, "-how long?"
Castiel smiled, and watched as Dean swaggered down the stairs. The front door shut with a loud clamour, and a moment later, Castiel was pushing his panties off, and climbing onto bed with a bottle of lube.
"Man, Dean told me you were cute, never told me you were kinda funny too." Benny chuckled, and slung an arm around Castiel, much to Castiel's dismay. Benny and he were friends, sure, but only fast-friends. Acquaintances, if he was being precise. But Castiel knew Dean and Benny were good friends, he'd asked Dean once, and Dean had said they were
, I do carry through with my promises. Little Cassie here would know better than anyone else, wouldn't he?" Alastair laughed, "-after all, I did promise to hurt him until he begged me not to. And
Dean quirked his lip. "Fair enough. Okay, Cas," He growled, and slipped his knee between Castiel's thighs, "-are you alone? Be honest, lying will only get you dead."
White heat coiled within Castiel's gut, and he stumbled backward. His shoulder nudged into something behind him, and he glanced back at it to check what it was, before turning back to Dean, who was then staring right at Castiel. Castiel's breath hitched, and he glanced between Lisa and Dean, before turning on his heel, and striding out into the corridor, surprised at how his body reacted before his mind.
, and Castiel stared at the way his face pinkened. It was a rare sight, but delightful nonetheless, and Castiel chuckled. He flicked his finger against Dean's cheek, and leaned in to press a kiss to his jaw.
"The principal is the highest, right, Mrs. Billie Berry. She's also on the City Council." Anna mused, and the three of them exchanged a look.
him. Occupying Dean's thoughts however, was what Castiel would consider a win in this unspoken charade of favours.
Meg sighed, and nodded. She ran a hand through her chocolaty-brown hair, and at last, composing herself, paused before Mr. Singer's door. Castiel stood beside her, and when he realised Meg was not making the next move, took it to himself to knock on Mr. Singer's door, and wait. It must have taken Mr. Singer about a few seconds, before the door swung open, and he stood there— short, slightly stout, and as always, looking grumpy.
Perhaps Castiel was expecting a snarl, or a sarcastic dismissal, but in its place, what he got in answer was a smiling kiss to his forehead, and Dean pressing his face into Castiel's neck. Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean's back, waiting for the breach of it to come.
"That is exactly why I'm saying you've been strange," Castiel snorted, and felt Dean narrow his eyes at him, "-okay, I'm sorry, I meant to say, you've been a bit, well, how do I put it,
If there was anything Dean had learnt over the years, it was the art of milking Castiel's prostate with every thrust.
"Why? You're all alone, and that fag friend of yours, Winchester, he isn't around to save your ass, is he?" A disgusting, wicked smile spread across Alastair's face, and Castiel felt a pang of fear course through his body at the realisation that—
"You're the strongest person I know, Cas. You don't even need me, but I'm still going to be here for you, 'kay? And there's no refunds on that. I'm here to stay, like it or not."
"We need you to suspend Alastair Knight, Gordon Walker, and Nick Morningstar." Castiel stated, trying to sound unwavering and confident, even though he was anything but.
No more fighting. They had to be mature, they had to be brave, they had to be strong. Castiel had been too naive, he had let his guard down, he had unintentionally, tried to stitch his family together at the expense of his boyfriend, and that was his fault.
"I like that attitude, boy." Michael laughed, and his eyes wandered over to Castiel. "Castiel, pour me a scotch, please."
"Baby, I'm sorry, it's just, Dean and I have been a little distracted lately. Keep speaking." Benny sent her a smile, which she obviously saw through, and after that, she began asking Benny questions in hushed voices, but Dean didn't mind. He bid Benny goodbye, and slipped into the Impala. He pulled it out of parking, and drove it onto the main street. He knew driving and calling someone wasn't a good thing, but he put Sam on speaker anyway.
eighteen, since he was taller, and seemed to have a good, lean build under the oversized t-shirt, with a narrow waist and wide, sharp hips that Dean would love to bruise.
"Jus' scrollin'," Dean shrugged, and they settled into compatible silence. Had it been Castiel in place of Benny, he would have eaten off Dean's right ear and started his way to the left with his stories. And hey, Dean would've let him too. Guy's adorable, no one's immune to him.
"Cas, I know you said there's some things you'd only tell me when the time was right, but I need to ask you something, and I want you to be honest with me."
Without a second wasted, Castiel pinned Dean to the door, and dropped to his knees, his vibrant baby-blues staring up at Dean with such indecent arousal, it had the bulge in Dean's pants growing bigger. Nimble fingers unbuckled Dean's belt, and unzipped his trousers before digging inside to pull his cock out of the confines of his boxers. The flesh was heated, throbbing, and wet at the tip. Castiel leaned in, his taut, round butt jutting out deliciously as he kneeled before Dean, and at last, swirled the tip of his tongue over the bead of pre-come at the slit of Dean's cock.
Castiel watched, eyes teary, as Dean clapped Meg on the shoulder, and pulled away to rub a hand across his own face. Meg seemed
"Only you would worry about a scratch on my face when your own is covered in bruises, Cas," Dean whispered, and watched as Castiel's eyes softened. A pink blush spread across his face, up to the tips of his ears, and he looked away from Dean, fidgeting with the hem of his black, threadbare t-shirt.
In a fit of rage, Dean punched his fist into the locker beside him, and heard as the metal rattled under his fingers. Behind him, Castiel let go of Dean's shoulders, and watched Dean with a dim, dejected expression in his eyes.
His fingers tapped on Castiel's name before he could even reconsider, and Castiel picked up on the second ring.
A chuckle rolled past Castiel's lips, and he nodded, before grabbing Dean by the hand and leading him to the bathroom. Fortunately enough, they did end up finding a spare, packaged toothbrush, and brushing next to each other was slightly awkward if nothing, until Dean, impatient that he was, ended up snorting and laughing, and Castiel couldn't hold back either. Yes, there was toothpaste foam on the mirror from them having laughed, but they wiped it off before stepping into the shower.
"Nothing," Dean shrugged, evidently amused at having elicited a reaction from Castiel, "-just wanted to annoy you."
Meg seemed uneasy, and she stole furtive glances from around them, before stepping in closer to Castiel. "Can we go somewhere private?"
"Three students from your class have been hospitalised— Alastair Knight, Gordon Walker, and Nick Morningstar. Alastair has broken ribs and a dislocated jaw, Nick has broken fingers, and Gordon has a dislocated nose. It's not too serious, but it's serious enough to get the perpetrator punished legally," Bobby walked over to the desk, and ground his palms into the wood, before staring straight at Dean, his hazel brown eyes glassy with concern and something inscrutable, "-be honest with me, Dean. Was it you?"
"You're being weird," Dean started, and scooped some potatoes into his mouth, "-too quiet. You got somethin' on your mind?"
Castiel smiled, a glorious, victorious smile, and poked his tongue out to moisten his lips, which caught Dean's attention at once, as he managed to keep his gaze on Castiel's eyes.
Maybe it was an act. Maybe Castiel was just trying to score brownie points with Dean, in hopes that Dean would suddenly undergo a change of heart and delete the pictures from his phone. But he wouldn't. He realised just why Castiel was being so kind to him. It had to be an act.
"I don't know if you'll be able to do it, but erm, can you try Black Dog? It's the song we listened to together for the first time back in school." Castiel muttered, and fidgeted with the hem of his t-shirt, "—but if you can't, that's perfectly alright."
Two days later, he posted a picture of himself. Not his face, simply his chest in a button-up shirt, with his suspenders still on his shoulder, but a few buttons at the top were unbuttoned. He'd considered tossing his phone into the nearest sea, and never looking back, but hours later, when he finally mustered up the courage to read the comments on his picture— his jaw dropped to the floor.
"Or would you like to come on my face? I'd wear my glasses for you, and you can come on them as much as you'd like. I promise I'll lick every drop clean, boss, can't have your come wasted away, can we?"
News spread as quick as lightning through Lawrence High about Alastair Knight and Dean Winchester's clash at Benny's party on Friday night. The news owed its spread to the amount of Dean and Alastair's classmates who had witnessed the fight themselves. When Dean showed up at school on Monday morning, he noted the look of utter awe and respect in the eyes of his classmates. It was no secret that Alastair had been a trouble to almost everyone in the class, and putting him down, doing what nobody else had been able to do for the past few years, especially by someone Alastair once considered a
It was a Friday, and still, the group had made no progress. People would appreciate the club, but never participate. And Castiel was seething with anger. Dean could see it. There were a few minutes left to recess, and if Castiel couldn't find people today as well, he would only have a week left to deal with Gordon and Alastair.
"If you refuse, I won't have a single problem leaking this video out to the school blog. I'd be anonymous of course, you though, not so much," He whispered, and Castiel felt his feet carry him backwards, until Dean had him cornered against the wall, his thick, broad arms planted on either side of Castiel's head as he stared down fiercely, mischief lingering in his smirk.
"Jerking off? At school? Right, you want me to whip my dick out in front of you every time I wanna' take a smoke?"
Dean's eyes lit up with excitement, and he crushed the butt of his cigarette onto the floor, before folding his legs into his lap and facing Castiel, like a puppy watching its owner, and Castiel almost smiled at how exalted Dean looked.
How could he just leave? Maybe if he hadn't, Cas wouldn't be screaming, maybe Alastair would have never found him, and maybe they'd be back to the way things were.
Mrs. Berry faltered at that. Her composed eyes seemed to widen at that, and she leaned forward on her desk with a grimace. "What did you just say," She breathed out, her eyes flickering from Castiel to the others, as if to verify if she actually heard what she heard. "I— what?"
"I won't. I won't call the cops. Don't hurt me. Please?" He asked, voice barely a whisper, and with those wide, cerulean eyes gazing into his, all puppy-eyed and pleading, Dean couldn't even bother lying.
Dean was silent for a while as they hugged, and it allowed Castiel to bask in the peace, before Dean pulled away, and sat down on the chair next to the hospital bed.
Inch by inch, Dean thrust right in, until he was buried to the hilt, his balls slapping Castiel's taint as he stayed buried in Castiel's ass for a moment.
But there was one thing still left to do. He had yet to decided on a time to speak to Mr. Singer. Meg had decided on Monday, since it gave them ample time to gather their thoughts over the weekend. There was one thing absolutely undisputed— Alastair, Gordon and Nick would have to be suspended.
"Just another day, Dean," Castiel whispered, and pressed a kiss to Dean's mouth, slipping him tongue and making Dean go all weak in the knees. Heat curled low in his gut as he thrusted up against Castiel, meeting the younger boy's kisses just as ardently. Castiel squeezed a hand between them, and unbuttoned the front of Dean's school trousers, before fishing his heated, heavy cock out of his underwear. Castiel squirmed out of Dean's lap— at least as much as he could cramped up in the back of the Impala, and sat down on his knees on the floor of the car. Dean thanked himself for cleaning the flooring almost every weekend.
Something about how quiet Castiel was only irked Dean, and he felt another tear roll down his face. But then, Castiel's hand reached up to touch his face, and nudged his head up. Staring up at Castiel, his face marked with bruises, Dean only felt the regret in his gut tighten as he rubbed a hand across his face before gazing back up at Cas.
Right as Dean was darting through the corridor toward the backside of the farmhouse, something firm crashed against his chest, and he glanced up to see Benny, whose eyes were blown wide.
"You know," Dean started, "-I'm genuinely confused. Like I mean, genuinely. Why do you like that shit so much? What, do your parents not love you enough or somethin'? Don't you have friends? Oh wait, you don't." A vicious laugh rumbled past Dean's lips. Castiel felt his lips twitch, and he tried to suppress the anger coursing through him. Anger, because he knew Dean was right. Castiel's parents couldn't be less bothered about him, all they cared for was an A on his report card. And friends? Please, as if anybody had even tried to speak to Castiel. He wasn't quite approachable himself, opening up took a long time, and he'd often lose himself in his own company. It was how he had lived for the past seventeen years. Why would it be any different now?
"I know," Castiel whispered, "—and I'm sorry. You have every, every right to be angry at me. You could ignore me still, and I wont mind. You could punch me I guess, I don't mind, I really don't. But just—" He swiped a hand across his nose, "—just know that I'm— I'm not sick of you, Dean, and I never will be. I was tired of the fighting, of the taunting, of
Castiel's eyes glossed over the binder on the conference table before him, before snapping those icy eyes up to meet Dean's.
Castiel continued, barking and hissing into the headset as he stared at the screen, completely oblivious. Dean on the other hand, dug his knee into the couch beside Castiel's plump ass, and the other foot remained grounded on the floor as he grabbed Castiel's sharp hipbones with his rough, sweaty palms, and yanked Castiel's hips up.
"That's my boy," Benny hooted, and punched the bottle of beer up into the air, a victorious grin plastered on his face.
Between them settled a silence, a distance— a solid, but invisible wall separating them, keeping them apart, and Dean wanted to bulldoze through the wall, pull Castiel close and claim him as his
Dean came all over Castiel's face and thick, black-rimmed glasses. It was glorious. Castiel licked every single drop of come off his face and smacked his lips together.
"No, don't leave so soon," Castiel pleaded, as he hopped off the counter, and set the ice-cream aside, "—why'd you have to leave?"
"Wait— what?" Sam gasped, and Castiel heard him shuffling around from the other end of the line. "You're at our door?"
"Well, Dean invited me over. And we've been to my place quite a lot already. Besides, I like your house. It's very homey, and cozy. And mine is, well, mine is just an overrated, exaggerated slab of concrete."
, liked it when they put up a fight. Some women in the past had called him a creep when he'd suggested it to them, not too much, just showing a bit of discomfort, maybe a few
With one hand holding onto the edge of the desk, Castiel kneeled down on the ground— knees parted, hips raised, and his plump, juicy ass in clear view to Dean. Behind him, he heard Dean rustle against the bedsheet, making Castiel smirk. Castiel wiggled his ass, knowing how the fabric of the panties had sunk between his ass cheeks, and how all it would take was a single jerk to put his hole on display. He talked aloud to himself, "-oh, oh no, Dean I don't think I can reach it, can you come help me?"
"The children here, all rich, spoiled brats, they have nothing to lose. Nothing to be scared of. But I did. I realised, either you merged into the scene, or they tormented you for as long as they could. Alastair, I mean. I noticed how he treated the outcasts. How he treats you. I didn't want to be treated that way, and so I thought— If I don't want to be the one getting tortured, the only option I have is to
—" Dean mumbled, as Castiel sucked at the tip of his blushing, fat cock. He only pulled away once, a string of spit hovering in the air between them from Castiel's mouth down to Dean's cock, only to vanish when Castiel looked up at Dean.
would help— but a hand clamped over his mouth, filthy and large, and Castiel felt tears sting his eyes.
"What a good lil' baby slut I've got for me here," the man laughed, and buckled his trousers, before turning away.
"You fucking whore," He whispered softly, "—you've still got the come I pumped into you this morning?"
Only when Dean trudged into the kitchen, annoyed and dumbstruck did Castiel realise how loud their music was.
Dean shook his head with a sigh, and glanced down at his watch. Shit, he should go join Cas. He must be at the library. Dean scampered down the stairs, and dashed into the library, panting for breath when he found Castiel packing both of their notebooks into their bags. At the sound of Dean's heavy breath, Castiel turned around, and his face lit up, before softening again as he rushed over to Dean.
"Inside," Mrs. Berry stated with a tip of her head, and Castiel and his group rose to their feet. They followed after Mrs. Berry quietly, and shut the door on their way in. The five of them pressed close to each other, with Castiel at the forefront, trying to steady his breath. Mrs. Berry sat down at her chair behind her large, rosewood desk, and steepled her fingers. Her sharp gaze snapped over to pierce into Castiel eyes. "Make it quick. You have fifteen minutes."
Their last lecture for the day, a free period where they were allowed to do whatever they pleased, Dean missed Castiel the most. Somehow, he found himself standing on the terrace, the one where he and Castiel often listened to music alone.
Stuttering, almost in tears, Castiel hung his head down, fingers fidgeting with the hem of his uniform as he swallowed thick, lost in thoughts of shame and fear, wondering how Dean had found him, and if he had found him, who else could be able to do the same? His parents? His teachers? Strangers? Strangers, who would expose him on the internet? Regret washed across Castiel's face as he stood with his tail between his legs, and felt Dean tread over to him, sliding right into his personal space to ghost his lips over Castiel's ears.
"Smile one moment, and then frown the other. I can't— I just can't understand you. Like you're happy with me, but the next second you're not. Goddamnit," Dean growled, and punched a hand into the wall beside Castiel's face. Castiel jerked in his spot, eyes blowing wide as Dean leaned in, crowding him against the wall as his cold, piercing gaze peered into Castiel's.
Every inch of Castiel's ass wanted to swallow Dean up inside. If he felt so good with a condom, god, he would feel heavenly without one. The thought made Castiel horny and sad at the same time, but he pushed it away when Dean gave a particularly sharp thrust, and leaned down to kiss Castiel. But instead, Dean whispered, "—Michael's here, watching from the door, don't look, keep moaning baby, you're doing so good."
Behind Alastair, Nick and Gordon burst into incoherent, amused noises, and Dean grit his teeth, "-Cas is my friend. And what's it to you? Why are you so worked up about him? Could it be that maybe you're a fag too?"
English passed on quietly, with Dean not teasing or annoying Castiel again. Castiel, to his credit, made sure to note down all important points in class, but behind him, he could feel Dean wasting time, chattering, swiping chits, chuckling and such. He paid him no mind as he kept to his business.
Castiel pulled away at once, eyes wide and ecstatic as he jumped up to his feet, and dragged Dean up with him.
"It's always been fun for you to humiliate me, hasn't it? Right from the start, with my OnlyPics, and now this? I knew you were cruel, but I never expected you to take it this far—" Castiel cried, chest heaving and jerking with each sob, as he clamped a hand over his mouth to muffle his sobs.
Alex pulled her hand away, folded her arms across her chest and studied Castiel with a hum. "Are you comfortable sharing with me why they triggered you? Or would you rather talk to someone else? Perhaps, I could call a teacher for you to escort you back to class. Or if you wish to take the day off, that's completely plausible, I can write you a leave note, because you definitely need rest."
"Cas," Dean croaked out, and brought a hand up to wipe over his face, "-Cas doesn't want anything to do with me. He wanted me to leave."
"Mhm," They hummed in tandem, and Dean quirked his lip, "—we didn't get along at all. In fact, I'm pretty sure Cas would have killed me, if he had the chance."
"Dean." Castiel sighed, and watched as Dean jumped out of bed, eyes wide in disbelief and somewhat surprise.
"So, you're, erm, you're my boyfriend now?" Castiel asked, rubbing a hand across the back of his neck. Dean laughed unexpectedly, and sat back on his knees.
The woman snapped around, and Castiel's eyes widened as he drank in the form of Meg Masters, one of his notorious, rebellious classmates. He wondered why she was here though, since she and Castiel barely even had converging social circles. She had always kept her distance from Castiel, and Castiel had kept his distance from her, also partly because she had been Alastair's girlfriend throughout junior year.
Before Castiel could correct him, Dean was yanking an earphone out of his ear, and plugging it into his own ear.
A moment of silence passed between them, before Bobby sighed, and clapped a hand over Dean's shoulder. There was something wise, something proud in his eyes, although Dean couldn't realise why Bobby would ever be proud of him. If anything, Dean wouldn't be surprised to see disappointment.
All he could do was weep silently, as Dean vanished behind him, somewhere into the crowd, leaving Castiel alone and boiling with anger and regret.
Blood trickled down Alastair's face, from his nose and lips, and with the way his nose had been crushed, Dean knew he'd had to get a whole
"We need a protest. How about a peaceful protest? You know, like Gandhi said, truth and non-violence." Dean suggested, and Castiel quirked a lip. The others hummed.
“I'm Kira Nightingale and this is my companion Ruby,” Kira said, introducing herself and the dragon on her shoulder.
His magic sparked beneath his skin as he left his room and made his way to the kitchenette. It wasn't until he entered and saw the form curled up on his couch, that he remembered last night. He had invited Cas to stay the night; that's why his magic was awake. Taking a quick look down the hall to make sure the door to his workshop was closed, Dean turned his attention to the coffee pot. He needed coffee before anything else. Forgoing his usual morning ritual on account of his guest, Dean approached the couch where Cas was still sleeping soundly.
“Well for one, communication. How would you like to be able to speak to your brother face to face, even overseas?”
Mary smiled as she explained, “The mirrors are enchanted for two-way conversation, not matter the distance. It's a way to keep in touch without having to rely on owls. The journal is for personal use, if you want. The ink pot will never run out of ink and the Quill refills itself when needed.”
Dean groaned as the alarm on his nightstand sounded off. It was time to get up and get ready for work. As he turned over to shut off the alarm, he remembered the request his mother had made of him, a couple of nights ago. Someone needed a hex bag, one to keep an individual out of sight. It wasn’t a hard spell, but the knots were especially complex. Mind now occupied with the work ahead, Dean threw back the blankets and got out of bed.
Dean straightened his spine and breathed easily as the laces were tightened. Once he was secure he pulled on the jacket and shoes and took a look into the mirror. He grinned over his shoulder at Charlie, “Not too bad, huh?”
Kira looked at the door then back at Rowan. "I need to find a jar of Pickled Slugs to get back those lost house points." She looked at Ruby perched on her shoulders., "Well, nothing to it I guess. Let's have a look." The little dragon chirped her assent and Kira pulled open the door to the room. As she and Rowan stepped inside the first thing she noticed was darkness. Suddenly the door slammed shut behind Rowan and they heard the lock click. “What happened?”
He stares openly, startled into a laugh as Cas grimaces, “There’s hazelnut creamer in that one, it was for me.” Cas blushed and handed the cup back to Dean. Shaking himself out of his stupor Dean turned to the coffee pot, trying to hide his red cheeks. He ignored his shaking hands and busied himself by making another cup of coffee. Dean saw Cas shifting closer as he poured the coffee and directly handed it to Cas.
Professor Flitwick noticed the glow and came closer to get a better look. “Congratulations, Dean. Well done.”
With agreement from Charlie as well, Dean grinned and grabbed the first disc, popping it into the DVD player. Taking a seat on the couch he hit the play button and settled back to watch one of his favorite movies with his friends.
"Here ya go, man," Dean said handing over one of the drinks in his hands. Cas took it with a nod of thanks as Dean turned his attention to the people in the bar. "I think I'm going to talk to the bartender about those people. You good?"
Dean nodded, “Yeah, they were this really beautiful shade of brown...” He trailed off, obviously distracted by his thoughts.
“I've been told art must be viewed and admired to even be considered true art. But not all artists feel that way about their work. And not everything created can be considered art, even though the owner may think so. I guess it all depends on the creator.”
His head broke the surface and he managed to pull in a lungful of air before he was grabbed and pulled back under. He fought back, trying to get loose only for his air to be knocked out of him again by a forceful hit to his stomach. Blackness descended then, and before his eyes closed he saw a flash of a familiar blade,
Once his cleaning ritual was complete, Dean headed to the bathroom to shower and change out of his sweats. Once back in his room and dressing in his favorite pair of worn jeans and a well-worn Led Zeppelin t-shirt, Dean picked up his phone and dialed. “Cas? This is Dean. I'm calling to see if you wanna hang out for the day? I need to go to the market and the docks and I wouldn’t mind some company. I need some fresh crayfish and I know a guy. ”
Five minutes later, Dean led Cas to the market. Here he bought potatoes, carrots, vegetable stock, onions, and a few extra fresh herbs. “Okay, that's half of my list for tonight, now to the docks!”
He was momentarily distracted by his thoughts as Sam made his way through the bar entrance. “Hey, Cas,” the hunter greeted.
“This is going to have to wait until night. Most of these places have more people then.” Once they reached the motel Dean started pulling out his weapons and checking to see if everything was in order. Cas did the same, pulling out his Angel blade and polishing the metal.
“But what makes these dragons so rare is the hatching process of the eggs. You see, each egg will only hatch if it is matched with a wizard or witch with the core values it’s most attuned to.
The next morning saw Sam and Dean once again on the road south. It was late afternoon when they drove the Impala across the bridge that separated the island community from the rest of Texas. Sam could practically feel Dean's excitement as they took in the sights.
Dean nodded, “I'll call later,” he decided, “I'm expecting a customer to stop by for a charm I made and I wanna be here for it.”
"I'll be right there," he called out. Making sure to carefully place the last amethyst in line with the others and not to accidentally take it with him, he climbed down the step ladder and headed for the front counter. Ever since he’d turned eighteen he’d been running Mystic Dragon Books and Gifts, it was his way to pay back his mentor, Rowena, for saving him. The moment he turned sixteen and his magic manifested, he had thought his life was over.
“It's quite simple to use. Just grab a small handful of powder, toss it into the fireplace and clearly state where you want to go. In our case it would be Diagon Alley.” She turned to Dean, “I'll show you then you and Sam follow, alright?”
Dean laughed, “Don’t leave your workshop too often, do ya? I've been here long enough to always have one handy when there's cloud cover. You never know when the weather will change.” He side-eyed Cas for a moment, trying to read him, before saying, “Are you still up for a trip to the bayou? The boat I'm meeting is there.”
Mary took a moment to remember her years at Hogwarts, before she answered, “Her name is Naomi and she was in Slytherin. I was in Ravenclaw. We spoke in between classes and figured out we had a few things in common. I guess you could say we became friends.” She then turned towards Dean and said, “Now we were getting your books, right?”
Kira nodded and started to talk, “From what I knew, my family worked for a Dragon Sanctuary across the pond. My grandmother started it when she graduated from Ilvermorny. But something happened and I was sent to England and taken in by the Nightingales. They were a high society pure-blood family. Taking me in was their ticket to the higher class functions. When I wasn't being shown off to crowds I was kept in a locked room, completely alone and ignored by everyone. Occasionally Jacob would stop by but it was mostly just me until Ruby's egg hatched.
Dean mumbled, “It's not a problem.” He cleared his throat and turned to speak, “I have to get ready to open up my shop. So enjoy that.”
"So you’re the student everyone's been talking about. Though I have to say I've never seen that type of Dragon before."
She watched her dark blond haired friend make his way up to the stool and take a seat, the hat then shouted, “Gryffindor!” Dean beamed, then made his way towards them saying as he approached, “This is awesome! I have friends here!”
Kira took the note and read over the words written on the parchment. "He says that I can bring a jar of Pickled Slugs to him and he might restore our House Points. There are also directions to the storeroom."
The table with the red and gold on their robes cheered as Rowan made her way over to sit near Bill Weasley. Next name was called, “Kira Nightingale.”
“Ohhh...” Rowan thought for a minute, “I heard about him, it was in the Daily Prophet. He's your foster brother?”
Dean sighed as he set about closing up his shop for the night. It was the end of another long day, sludging through paperwork, with not even a single customer to ease his pain. He couldn’t wait to get back to his own space and relax. Just as he was about to turn the lock on the door and head upstairs, Rowena appeared.
Kira pulled herself from her thoughts and looked towards the owner of the voice. Taking in red hair and freckles, she smiled. “That's because she's special. My grandma gave me a few eggs before she died, and Ruby hatched from one of them.” Kira reached up to run a finger along Ruby's side as she continued, “Ruby hatched not too long after that. They're called Elemental and only hatch if near a witch or wizard that shares similar core traits.”
Rowan smiled, “Great.” She turned towards Dean and introduced herself, “I'm Rowan. Ollivanders is where you need to go then and it's right there.” She turned pointing to the building she was standing in front of.
Kira nodded and proceeded to cast the charm. “Lumos!” The room lit up with a glow and revealed a large tangle of vines. “What is that thing?”
Dean nodded, “Yes, I was looking to make seafood stew for me and my friend here,” He gestured towards Cas, “And come to find I'm out of crayfish.”
Mary shook her head, “He left. I don't know if he will or not. We'll just have to wait and see.” She then straightens up and puts on a smile, “But for now, kiddo, we have to talk about that letter you received.”
The trio agreed and entered the car and saw another older red haired boy waiting inside. Charlie gestured to him, “This is my older brother Bill. He's in his third year.”
An hour later Dean pulled his car into the parking spot closest to the dock and got out. He looked up at the still drizzling sky and smiled. He loved the rain, the way it always seemed to wash the bad energy away and leave everything feeling fresh in new. He looked over as Cas approached, and for a few moments, they both stood there under the rain. Shaking off the feeling of nostalgia, Dean led Cas down the docks towards the waiting ship. Dean called a greeting to the dark-haired man aboard the vessel, "Hey, Caleb. Were they bitin’ today?"
Sam hurried back down the pier in the opposite way he came and made his way towards the beach. He stood there, his heart in his throat, as he waited for his friend to bring his brother back to him safely. After what felt like hours, but was only mere minutes, he saw Castiel swimming towards him with Dean in his arms. He immediately moved closer to the water's edge to help the Angel bring his brother's unresponsive form ashore.
“Yes, thank you.” She turned and headed back outside and once again met up with Rowan. She waved as Dean made his way into the wand shop. “Thanks to you I have everything I need for my first year at Hogwarts.”
Dean turned to take in the brown-haired girl about his age. She was standing with a red-haired boy. “Yea. I don't know where to start looking. There's so many books.”
Dean smiled gratefully, “That'd be awesome.” The newly formed trio made their way through the bookstore gathering up books and chatting about hobbies and the start of the school year. Once the books were paid for Dean and Kira parted ways with Charlie and went outside. Dean followed Kira as she made her way over to a dark-haired girl with glasses.
"Dean, sweetling," The tall red-headed witch greeted, "Have I got news for you?" Rowena held up a flyer for a party. “T’night’s the eve of the grand opening for that new art exhibit in the square!” Her Scottish twinge shone through in her excitement. "We've been invited to attend! Ye have to brin' a guest and dress up, o'course. Ye do still have that suit we bought ye for last Christmas party, right?"
After choosing a bed and unpacking, Dean and Charlie headed downstairs to meet up with the rest of the first years and head to their first class: Charms.
Dean green eyes locked with brown and he took a second to think, "...I guess so?" He was unsure, the dark water didn't look very safe, but then it wasn't like he was alone.
Dean nodded absentmindedly, “Sure.” He felt dazed as they resumed walking, something was nagging at the back of his mind, but Dean couldn't figure it out. There was something he was supposed to be doing or someone he was forgetting, he was sure of it.
Dean smiled softly, remembering Rowena's words from earlier. “What, her? Nononono, that’s Charlie. And no we're not together. Charlie has a thing for the ladies. We're just family.”
"Galveston, Texas. It about an 800-mile drive. The halfway point would be Oklahoma City. That's for five hours."
“Well how else do you expect me to react! We've been married twelve years now and I just now find out?!” John yelled, feelings of betrayal getting the better of him,“makes me wonder what else you've been hiding from me!”
Dean shifted his feet, he had a feeling he knew where this conversation was going, but never would he have thought that Cas felt the same way. He remained quiet though, letting Cas finish speaking.
Sam agreed, “Good idea. We should be able to reach Galveston tomorrow.” Checking the clock and deciding to call it a night the brothers headed to bed.
Rowan made her way nervously up to the stool and took a seat. The Sorting Hat was placed upon her head and then a voice yelled out, “Gryffindor!”
Dean nodded, “Yep. See ya.” With a nod from the wand-maker, Dean left the building and went to meet up with his mom and brother.
Aquila moved closer voice lowering as he tried to coax Dean into joining him, “C'mon, what's the harm? It's just you and me and that spectacular sunset,” his voice was smooth, purring the words out as he stepped even closer to Dean.
Mary bit her lip, but answered anyway, “I'm a witch. I come from a long line of pure-blood witches on my mother's side. Most of my family went to Livermony, but I contacted Headmaster Dumbledore personally for the boys, in case one of them showed the signs.” She paused, “Both Dean and Sam have the signs of following in my footsteps. It's all the little odd happenings, like when Dean had that cherry pie. It floated to him, but I hid it.”
Dean blushed, “He's awesome. Have you seen any of the Indiana Jones movies? We could watch them while dinner is cooking?”
A few minutes later Kira, Ruby, and Rowan were out of the room and back in the hallway. “Thanks so much...”
Cas smiled at him, “You both have a fascination with Harrison Ford. I see both the complete Star Wars saga and Indiana Jones here.”
Dean chuckled at the sleepy mumble, “There's a fresh pot in the kitchen.” Dean pushed himself to his feet and headed into the kitchenette to make himself a cup. As he finished pouring the fresh coffee and took a sip, pausing to add the hazelnut creamer, he heard movement behind him, “Help yourself there's plenty.” He turned around with a smile about to take another sip; only to blush scarlet as Cas took the cup from his hands and took a sip. His thoughts were frantic,
Dean bit his lips, looking like a deer caught in the headlights, as the deep voice sank into his skin. Trying to hide his shaking hands, he paused to take a sip of his drink before answering, “I grew up surrounded by fine art. My mentor had a thing for it and I remember every one of her lessons. You have talent and it's going to take you far.” He mentally congratulated himself for being able to form a coherent sentence, despite the nervousness coiling in his belly.
The friends gathered together after class. " Potions is next and I have a feeling facing Professor Snape won't be as easy," Rowan said.
Kira decided to suck it up since she had no proof of sabotage. “I'm sorry Professor Snape, I didn't mean to let you down.”
Mary reached into the pocket of her pants and pulled out a drawstring bag. Inside was a green glitter powder, “This is Floo Powder. It connects the whole Wizarding World though the Floo Network via the fireplaces. All you have to do is toss the Floo Powder into the fireplace and name your destination,” she explained.
Sam nodded, “Okay. We need to note this down. None of the lore mentions them being able to do this.” Sam withdrew his laptop and opened a document to record Dean's experience. “So you're saying your actions and words weren't your own. He, like, brainwashed you into listening and following without question?”
They were finishing off the third movie in the saga when Dean noticed the time, "Shit! Didn't realize it was that late." He turned to Cas and asked with a blush staining his cheeks, "My place is only a block over. How about you stay there for the night if you want? You can use the couch," he mumbled. He was taking a big step in inviting Cas into his home, but he had a talk with Charlie and felt a little more sure of this thing developing with Cas. Cas was different from most mortals, maybe taking this chance is okay.
...” Dean could hear the disdainful tone when Cas spoke of the creature, “it made me realize that I could lose you without you ever knowing what I feel.”
“A deadly plant called Devil's Snare. Some fourth-year Slytherin showed it to me when we arrived. It's sensitive to light. If you're really better at casting the Wand-lighting charm than me, then escaping it should be no problem,” Merula cackled as they heard her footsteps near the door. “I told you it was only going to get worse. Who do you think sent that fake letter from Professor Snape to you? Something has to stop you from ruining Hogwarts, it may as well be Devil's Snare.” They heard her footsteps fade away from the door.
Dean grinned at her and opened the bag with the gifts inside. Inside were a pair of mirrors, a quill, a leather bound journal, and an ink pot. Dean pulled out each of the items looking at them curiously. “What's this?”
Satisfied with the placement of his crystals, he went over to check on his guests, "I'll be in the back room. Call if you need anything, alright?"
Dean flashed him a grin then once again made his way through the crowd. Once he reached the bar he took a seat on the barstool and waited for the man to finish his latest drink order. But before he could say anything a smooth voice to his right caught his attention, "You're not from around here, are you?"
Just over five hours later Dean pulled baby into the parking lot of a cheap motel in Oklahoma City. They had stopped a few times to refuel and stretch their legs. But now it was starting to get late. Dean parked in front of the office and checked in before moving Baby to the stall closest to their room.
The other man nodded, “Yep. Lived here my whole life. And frankly, there's nowhere else I'd rather be.”
Gabriel nodded with another cheshire grin, "You have such an amazing selection of herbal books. I’ve been looking for this book everywhere!”
But Castiel never let him finish, because the moment Dean had opened his mouth, Castiel launched himself forward, throwing his arms around Dean and pressing his lips to the others'. Dean stood, frozen and unresponsive for a moment, before he tentatively wrapped an arm around Castiel's waist and pulled him close in a hug.
"Listen up kid, I need a place to lay low for a couple hours, 'kay? And I'm gonna' crash here, so do whatever you want. If you call the cops, I'll slit your throat and make a run for it so don't even try." Dean growled out, and watched as Castiel nodded.
Tears rose at the rim of Dean's eyes, and his gut seemed to drop as he saw a pair of guilty, pain-stricken blue eyes staring up at him from against the wall of Benny's farmhouse.
The time passed by pleasantly, after all, Dean was a very interesting person. They talked about school, exams, books, music, and even the most absurd things they could never talk about before. Dean paid, despite Castiel's protest, and they walked out to the car again. It was around five in the evening when they slipped into the Impala, and the sun had begun to dim from bright yellow into a sombre orange, and the first few traces of twilight lingered at the horizon.
The perks of working for partnering firms. You could fuck your husband's asshole with a load of come inside an empty conference room, and nobody would know.
"So, we're serious about the protest right? We should settle on a date, and we need to inform everyone. We need to have a code, some kind of instructions too. Like what we're going to be doing in the protest, stuff like that." Anna said, and the four of them listened to her intently. Meg sat back on a chair, and folded her hands across her chest.
, he thought he was going to fall. Dean simply laughed, and set him down on the floor, breath panting from laughter. Castiel peeked an eye open, glad he wasn't dead yet, before punching Dean in the chest.
Castiel grit his teeth, and sucked in a short breath, fists curling into a clench, but he didn't look back. Nope, he wouldn't spare a single glance.
Slowly, Dean observed, as Castiel's laughter dissipated, yet the grin on his face never dwindled. He ran a hand through his hair, and gazed down at Dean from between his fluttering lashes, and in his gaze was such admiration, it knocked the wind right out of Dean's chest.
"Cas—" Came the expected, breathless call for Castiel's name, and Castiel watched as Dean doubled over and clutched his knees, panting for breath a few feet away from where Castiel leaned against the wall, "-hold, hold on."
Mr. Singer nodded, and helped Castiel sit up. He stepped off the small bed, and allowed Mr. Singer to help him out of the room. Alex smiled, and told him to take it easy and not exert himself. She also issued him a note, and told him to come back down if he felt weak. After bidding her goodbye, Mr. Singer and Castiel made their way up the staircase, until at last, they reached Castiel's classroom. But Castiel didn't enter just yet. He and Mr. Singer lingered out the door for a few seconds, simply waiting.
Castiel went silent. There was nothing for him to say. Gordon took his silence as an incentive to continue. "Novak, in my life, I've never done something like this before. And even if I had, I wouldn't have been punished for it. A few broken bones and a heck lot of time to reflect made me realise— I hurt you. You meant nothing to me, and I meant nothing to you, and yet, the amount of irreparable trauma I've left you with, it's too much for me to even fathom. I tried putting myself in your shoes, and I was minutes away from slicing my neck open. To you I'm a monster, and I won't refute that argument in anyway."
It was nothing short of needy— the way Dean ate him. Spit dripping down his chin, nose dragging up and down against Castiel's taint as Dean pressed his tongue against the pucker and licked at it, toying and playing with the rim, grazing it with his teeth, and plundering it with the tip of his heavy, heated tongue. Castiel could see nothing but white as he felt his toes curl, and his hand gripped Dean's head, pushing him in deeper, keeping him in place, making sure he goes as deep as he can. On the bed, Castiel squirmed, arching his back and crumpling the bedsheet, before feeling the coil in his gut snap.
"Come in, my parents are in the parlor." Castiel took Dean by the hand, and led him in to the house. Dean had been to the Novak family mansion several times, but his visit had mostly been confined to Castiel's bedroom. He hadn't even known the house had a parlor, but he was curious now. Castiel led him through a series of corridors, turning here, turning there, before at last, they stood before a large entrance way, only obstructed by a thin, lavender-tinted tulle curtain.
After what felt like an eternity, the elevator dinged and its metal doors slid open. Dean sighed and thanked God in the back of his mind for the empty elevator, before tugging Castiel in behind him.
"I was scared," The boy admitted quietly, and Dean grabbed a fistful of his hair to yank his head back as he stared into the pools of his eyes.
Dean sighed, and unbuckled his trousers. Besides, his bratty boyfriend was supposed to be happy seeing Dean come home, not waste time away on a video game. The brat needed to be punished. A nice, hard fucking would be sure to put him back in line.
Mr. Singer went pale, and he let out a precarious breath, before slouching his shoulders and turning his eyes away. "I asked Pam to let me know if the boys were back, I would have warned you. But she must have forgotten. God," Mr. Singer sighed, "—that must have been painful, no, seeing those bastards again?"
"Benny had a party, and Cas came over. We had a fight, he thought I didn't love him, he told me to leave so I left. I got this, I got this call, and it was Cas. I thought he wanted me back, Bobby, I was so happy, but then, then there was Alastair speaking, and the call ended, and Benny and I tried searching for Cas everywhere, Bobby, but when I did, it was too late. He was crying, Bobby, his clothes were torn, his face was swollen up— they beat him up so bad, and I couldn't be there to help him— Benny said he was bleeding between his legs that night— it was," Sob after sob shook Dean, "—it was all three of them, Bobby, and I wasn't going to let them go. I couldn't— they hurt him too much—"
"You walked all the way here?" Dean's eyes hardened, and he towered over Castiel, hands on his hips as he glared down. "Cas, it's past nine in the evening, it's cold as balls out there, and you walked here, all alone. What were you thinking, Cas? What if someone jumped you? What if someone did something to you while you were all alone? God, Cas, why can't you see it— people are bad, alright, and they see someone like you walking alone they're gonna' try and—"
"You had a choice to leave, but you chose to stay with your father, that's very commendable Dean. I wish one day he'd realise just how precious his boys are. I can't bear to see you with another bruise on your face."
Castiel set his pen down, and stared down at Dean, rolling his tongue around in his cheek in thought. Dean gazed up at him, hoping Castiel would give into his puppy-eyes, and at last, he was successful, because Castiel groaned and slid his chair back from the table.
"Fuck, I'm close—" Castiel breathed out, feeling his gut tighten with the familiar pressure of an orgasm. His thighs tensed up, and he felt his chest heave with every breath. Dean hummed, and dragged his lips down Castiel's neck, pressing deep, colorful marks onto his unblemished skin.
Dean faltered for a moment, eyes flickering between Michael and Naomi, before he gathered himself. "My parents, well, my mother passed away in a fire around sixteen years ago. So, it's been my dad, Sam, and I. My dad doesn't work much, he's a automotive mechanic, in essence. Sam is my younger brother, he's a freshman. But he's one of the brightest kid I've ever seen. Math, science, literature, law— he just soaks information like a sponge."
"Say it again, louder, I didn't hear you." Dean growled, and leaned over Castiel's shoulder, biting down on the curve of his neck, marking him up and kissing his bruised skin.
"No, no, he didn't shout at me," Dean smiled, and let himself relax under Castiel's gentle gaze, "—he said he'd heard us, and that he'd report Alastair to the authorities."
a way, it had bile rising up in Dean's throat and tears pooling at his eyes. He thought he was strong, he even considered himself brave— but now, listening to Castiel talk about how Alastair had raped him with an
"No, you're not. And I'm not making you happy," Dean whispered, crumpling Castiel's uniform under his fingers, "—it bothered you, me being with Lisa, didn't it? I never meant to hurt you, I just, I didn't expect her to be so touchy—"
"When I was a kid, about eight years ago, Sammy and I would always build pillow forts, and when dad would come home, the three of us would sit in there. Dad barely fit, I mean, half of his body would be outside the fort, and his head would be inside," Dean laughed, and felt Castiel's fingers play with his hair.
"Let's stick to Bobby, school hours are over, kid," Bobby sighed, and Dean stared at him for a moment before turning his passive gaze down to his shoes.
School ended about fifteen minutes ago, and Dean, Benny, Meg and Castiel were down at the library. For a while, they were simply settling in, with Benny and Dean animatedly arguing about who the sexiest person on Dr. Sexy was.
"God, I'm gonna' have you taking my dick everyday, Novak. Ass like yours should be used till it's sore. So tight for me baby, you feel that," Dean hammered into Castiel, so rough and relentless, the smaller man was almost sobbing into Dean's hand. Dean didn't stop for once, instead he quickened his pace, not even pulling out farther, just fucking Castiel rough and dirty and careless, until his orgasm began to rip through his gut.
Castiel felt anticipation thrum under his skin as he leaned in, shutting his eyes and parting his lips, waiting for Dean to press his own against them. What he didn't expect however, was the rough, feral way Dean crashed their lips together, and pressed his hands into Castiel's chest. Castiel yelped into their kiss, the sound of which was muted as it echoed in Dean mouth. Dean, on the other hand, nudged Castiel back onto the bed until he was lying down. He climbed over Castiel, leaning down to pepper gentle, feather-light kisses across Castiel's neck that had Castiel aching for more. The touch of Dean's lips to his skin had electricity flittering through his veins, and he tugged Dean down by the back of his head into another slow kiss. Castiel opened his mouth into the kiss, and groaned when he felt Dean's tongue roll inside against his own. He grabbed at Dean's t-shirt, crumpling it under his fingers as he pressed Dean closer and closer to himself.
one. Seeing as how Dean has spent pretty much his entire life jumping from mattress to mattress, he knows he had a decent data set to pull from when he came up with his ideal conditions.
They fall silent again and remain so until Dean hears the rumble of Baby’s engine pulling up, and then Sam’s heavy footfalls as he returns.
Cas, for his part, tries for casual too, and fails at it just as spectacularly as Dean, answering with an enthusiastic, “Absolutely, yes,” as Dean turns to him, wraps a hand around the back of Cas’ neck, and pulls him in, impatient to taste Castiel once more.
Sam glances over at Eileen again, then buries his nose back in his book. “Gonna wait till Eileen goes home,” he mumbles, and Dean has to bite down hard on the inside of his cheek to keep from laughing.
He flaps his tiny wings, and Dean thinks for sure that Cas is excited about this alternative to the current nesting situation.
for an indeterminate moment, thinking how very strange this all is, but how right and wonderful, too.
To his credit, Castiel doesn’t roll his eyes or scoff at Dean’s sass. Instead, he says, solemn, “I am.”
spent the better part of a week… making sure he and Cas weren’t ever alone together. He feels pulled in opposing directions.
“C’mon, man, don’t look at me like that,” Dean gripes, getting up and crossing over to his bedroom door. He reaches behind it to where his bathrobe hangs on its hook and draws it out, wanting to feel like he’s wrapped in a hug but definitely too hung over and
The whispers, following along behind and around Castiel like wisps of smoke, gathered and built into a hissing crescendo, and the sleek glossy ground convulsed under him, black bubbles bursting, obscuring the glowing red path. He stumbled, stopped, catching himself upright before he could pitch over sideways from the unsteady footing. Ahead in the gloom, Castiel watched the cherry-colored line smolder away into nothing. It burnt like an ember in the blackness, flaring bright for a moment before it disappeared abruptly as though doused.
“Oh, so that’s yours now, too, huh?” Dean laughs. Castiel just puts his nose higher in the air and manages to look haughty. So much for taking his mug back.
comes in over the headphones. Dean’s vision blurs and he digs palms into his eyes again, forcing the tears back in where they belong. Fucking
Silent, they hold on to each other and watch as the snow continues to drift lazily down from the sky.
thank you very much. And you know what, he has no problem saying so. “Look, Sammy, me an’ Cas are in the middle of something, here.” He watches his brother’s eyebrows shoot up to his hairline, though Dean is too tired to care how surprised Sam seems to be. For what feels like the first time in his life, Dean is going to let
“Fallin’ asleep next to you,” Dean manages before he succumbs completely to his dreams, which are, for once, wonderfully sweet.
That was the catch. Always, with the catches. He doesn’t have an infinite amount of time to search. Human souls weren’t ever meant for the Empty; in addition to the constant throbbing pressure and pain of the sounds here, every step Dean’s taken away from the gateway has felt like adding rocks to his pockets before taking a walk into a lake. The gateway drags on him, wanting to snatch him back, and he grits his teeth so hard against the sensations washing through and over him he’s afraid he’s gonna crack a tooth.
Dean hears the violence contained in Castiel’s angry voice, but he ignores it, knowing Cas won’t hurt him. He doubles down and closes the door, plunging the room into twilight. He walks in with the tea held before him like a peace offering — or maybe a weapon — his eyes on the huge wings circled around Castiel like a shield.
Gentle warmth touches the edges of Castiel’s awareness. There is… light. And… sound? Through the blood thrumming in his ears, he hears a muffled voice hard-edged with terror, loud and frantic and sounding a thousand miles away.
A minute passes in tense silence. Dean drums his fingers on the table, chewing on his lower lip. He tips his head back and says on a sigh, “I can’t remember a time in my life where ‘the circumstances’ weren’t just a giant fucking mess that I was expected to clean up.” He leans forward again, elbows on the table, fingers idly dancing across the rim of his glass. “I’m just– I’m so tired of the rollercoaster, man.”
“What if I could?” Castiel echoes faintly. Dean’s pretty sure he could knock Cas over with a feather, he looks so shaken.
Strong hands on his hips guide Dean into a torturously slow rhythm, and he looks down to see his cock sliding in and out of Cas’ mouth, as Cas looks back up at him with so much heat it’s scorching Dean on the inside, leaving him hollowed out and defenseless. Maybe he’s being burned by Cas’ grace, who knows? Helpless, loving every second of it, Dean cups Cas’ cheek, pressing his thumb to the corner of Cas’ stretched lips. He’s completely riveted by the desire in Cas’ eyes, teetering on the brink of orgasm, right up until the moment Cas hums around him once more and Dean tumbles over the edge, erupting into Cas’ mouth with a hoarse shout. His hips pump and he pushes further into Cas’ mouth, and when Dean looks down, riding out the waves of pleasure washing over him, a thin trickle of come leaks from the corner of Cas’ lips. His orgasm crests again, a second pulse hitting Dean low in the belly, and he comes so hard his vision whites out.
Castiel is frozen, regarding Dean with cautious amazement, his blue eyes wide and wondering. Dean’s pulse hammers in his throat, the course of the conversation taking so many forking paths, he’s not sure how they arrived
“Actually, yeah,” he says. “’Night, Sam.” He hangs up on Sam’s squawking protests and tosses his phone back on the nightstand. It lands and rattles Castiel’s mug, long abandoned at this point, in favor of Cas sleeping curled up on top of Dean at night. Dean touches a finger to the rim of the mug. He smiles to himself.
His back slams against something solid, or at least something that feels solid for the split second it takes to cause him more bodily harm before it melts around him, swallowing him and Castiel and then churning them out the other side, into the brick-walled room of the bunker, lit only by guttering candles and the red safety lights.
There’s quiet over the line. Dean knows that Sam knows that Dean’s really on his best behavior here.
Dean finally snaps out of his daze and he takes a quick step back into the hallway. “How did– who are– what the
Today, said dark-haired, blue-eyed tall-drink-of-water is behind the counter with his usual black apron tied neatly around his hips. He’s sporting a bright, neon pink t-shirt with a faded sunflower on the front, and a pair of well-worn jeans that, when he turns his back, reveal a tiny tear under his left pocket, a flash of – bright orange? – underwear peeking through. Dean’s brain short-circuits before he even gets to the register.
“Nothing solid yet,” Sam says absently, turning a page in the book he’s poring over. “I just got started.”
Sam shrugs helplessly. “I don’t know, Dean. Maybe. We’ve literally never seen this happen before. I don’t know if anyone has.”
“Hey,” he says, light and neutral, placing the drink carefully on the counter before leaning his elbows there and offering up his sorry-to-be-a-pain-but-at-least-I’m-adorable smile to the blue-eyed, sex-haired, walking-wet-dream currently engaged in topping off some other fancy coffee with a hefty mound of whipped cream.
, pain and grief sweeping through him anew, clawing at his insides. All he can do is feel it and clutch onto Sam like a fucking lifeline.
And oh, what a taste it is: coppery warm and honey-sweet, salty and thick, it fills Dean’s senses and makes his head spin. A tiny sound escapes Castiel, something pleasured and surprised, and with a groan, Dean gathers Cas closer, pressing their bodies together while Cas’ fingers slide up Dean’s neck and into his hair, gripping tight.
Meanwhile, Castiel has stumbled over a few steps and Dean has trailed him on the opposite side of the pastry case, expectant and tracking Castiel’s every move.
“Everyone is gone,” Jack interjects from behind Sam. He looks away from a spot on the floor and darts his eyes between Sam and Dean, a strange expression on his face, as though he’s surprised himself by speaking, but also that he’s certain of what he’s said. “But if Billie is dead, or – in the Empty? – how did she manage to take all those people?” he asks, frown returning.
Sam turns back to him and pushes Dean away, grabbing his face in his hands. “What happened, Dean? Where’s Cas?”
Dean lets out a laugh. “Who cares what we call him? Look, all that matters is that he got us back online.” He catches Jack’s small, proud smile and feels proud himself.
Tentative fingers brush the back of Dean’s hand, exploratory, seeking permission, and when Dean doesn’t snatch his hand away, Cas covers it with his own. When Dean looks at him, Cas has this expression on his face like he’s amazed at his own audacity, but he doesn’t take his hand back.
Eyebrows raised, Castiel sits back and raises his coffee to his lips. He takes a small sip and looks at Dean with another tiny smile, this one shining from his eyes. “I’d like that,” he says, and Dean would be hard pressed to explain it to anyone, least of all himself, but something about the way Cas shifts minutely towards him in his seat captures Dean more thoroughly than any hunter’s trap ever has.
The white dragon lifts its head and blinks up at Dean, clearly sleepy. Dean does smile, this time, thinking that the dragon seems to like getting up about just as much as he does. Still, wild friends are
And looks at Cas helplessly because, really? What is he supposed to say? There’s so much between them now. Too much, maybe.
. A shudder runs through Dean and a sob threatens to escape when he remembers how cold Cas’ skin was and how the blood soaking his shirt was cooled and tacky. He forces the memory away, fighting against a resurgence of the utter anguish that threatened to tear him in two when he reached for Castiel, hoping desperately to feel warm, living flesh under his fingers and finding only death instead.
, which, ick, unsanitary much? Dean learned the hard way that trying to limit Cas’ movement or remove him from the kitchen entirely just resulted in hurt feelings or an even bigger clean-up disaster (see: that time he’d tried trapping Cas under a colander and an entire bag of confectionary sugar had ended up
“Shut up,” Dean says, no heat in his voice. He grips the pulsing, glowing vial tight in his hand. “I’ve — You — ” He shakes his head and collects his thoughts, wanting to be clear. “I wanna be… I wanna be the person you see.” He looks at Cas, willing him to hear what he still can’t say. “And you make me… feel like I can. You make me feel
As soon as the words pass his lips Castiel wishes he could take them back. On Earth and conscious for only minutes, he has no intention of fighting with Dean or making him angry, and yet it seems he is unable to hold back the thoughts that, under normal circumstances, would rile the other man the most. But to his surprise, his assertion seems only to amuse Dean. A small, melancholy sort of smile crosses his face, and he finally decides to sit. His weight creates a tiny divot in the mattress, gravity grabbing at Castiel, too, and tipping him in Dean’s direction.
The last straw is when Dean is making a black-bottom bourbon pecan pie for dinner with Sam and Eileen (he knows Sam can take pie or leave it, the
But – a part of Castiel, small and quiet, is not satisfied with Dean pretending Castiel hadn’t said anything. It whispers to Castiel at night that he…
“Yeah, Cas,” Dean says against his mouth, eyes closed and still smiling. “Was perfect.” He leans in and kisses Castiel on the nose, the forehead. He wraps his arms around Castiel’s shoulders and holds him against his chest. “You’re perfect,” he adds, barely audible. Castiel’s heart skips a beat.
“You’re late,” John said from the darkened living room, when Dean had tried making a break for the stairs from the kitchen. He stopped, one hand on the railing and a foot on the first step, shoulders hunched.
Dean has nothing to say to that, and they fall silent again. Sam goes back to his reading. Dean listens to the distant ticking of an antique clock squirreled away somewhere in the stacks and envisions several different ways of starting this conversation with his brother before he barrels ahead with the truth.
Cas tastes of salt and earth, and Dean runs his mouth over every inch of him he can reach, wanting all of it, wanting
“Any time,” Castiel replies, and watches, heart hopeful, as Dean heads out the door. He watches as his crush turns to walk down the street, and therefore just so happens to see when Dean stops abruptly, leans the entire top half of his body back, and then practically lifts off the sidewalk with the force of what looks to be an
Castiel is still on his knees when Dean shakes his head and returns to awareness, dragging his hands up and down Dean’s bare thighs and pressing his face into the crease of Dean’s hip, just nuzzling there, unhurriedly worshipping. Dean is boneless, light, and a thousand times foolish for pushing Cas away for as long as he has.
Eventually, Dean trudges back inside, his feet dragging. He supposes he shouldn’t be surprised. Cas is a wild thing, after all, and Dean has no real right to keep him. So what if Castiel had wormed his way into Dean’s heart? Cas belongs to himself and is free to go whenever he pleases. It’s kinda crazy that he’s stayed as long as he has.
He turns slightly in his chair, dragging the book of spells towards himself and setting his coffee mug down on the desk. As he starts flipping through, hoping to find something Cas can use, his chest swells with gratitude and he closes his eyes.
It had made perfect sense for Dean to take the lead here — right up until it didn’t. Something inside of Dean thrills at the notion, something so intrinsic he has to trust it, letting Cas call the shots.
taking its time falling from his slack fingers. He can see a mug on the desk behind Dean, empty or cold with no steam rising from the top. For the moment, Castiel is happy simply to look his fill.
In fact, Castiel got caught in the rain at the top of a long, winding hill and lost control of his bike; tires skidding, he tipped over and skidded through gravel before he careened into a tree on the side of the road, crashing to a halt with his bike half on top of him. Winded, Castiel lay on the loamy, muddy ground in the dark and squeezed his eyes shut. This was not how things had gone for his sister, Anna, when she’d gotten her first tattoo. It had literally been sunshine and rainbows for her. Castiel’s own experience thus far could not be more opposed.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel replies, testing his weight on his arms and pushing himself awkwardly to sitting. His limbs feel impossibly heavy, and there’s a throbbing ache behind his eyes. He presses his fingers to the bridge of his nose, and when he looks back at Dean, he’s met with a worried pinch around the other man’s eyes.
For some reason this question makes Dean flush to his hairline. He coughs, shakes himself, and crosses to the foot of Castiel’s bed. He doesn’t sit and Castiel doesn’t ask him to. They stare at each other, quiet and intense, until Dean blinks and looks away.
“I love you so much,” he goes on, brushing his thumb over Castiel’s trembling lower lip, words coming to him easy as breathing. “And nothing would make me happier than spending the rest of my life showing you how much.”
The man on the bed smiles broadly, eyes alight with pleasure at seeing Dean, who can only stand there, shaken. The man laughs softly, a deep rumbling sound that makes Dean’s already overloaded nerves send a wobbly signal to his knees. He catches a glimpse of a blue-ish tattoo on the man’s chest and stomach before he props himself up on an elbow, laying on his side, casual, and says, “Hello, Dean,” in a voice that sounds like it crawled up through the depths of the earth. “Welcome home.” When Dean still just stands there flapping his jaw like a moron, the man continues: “I missed you while you were away.”
He put that absolutely stupefied expression on Cas’ face. A glorious cascade of goosebumps runs down Dean’s shoulders, the backs of his arms.
Castiel tips his head back and stares upside-down at Jack, seeming to fill the doorway but looking the same as ever, small frown creasing his brows.
He cuts off abruptly, his entire body going taut as wire, back bowing up off the hardwood floor and an inhuman sound tearing from his throat. His eyes blaze white, and the electric silver-blue crackle of his grace zings and zips over Castiel like streaks of lightning, and as he convulses he just keeps screaming and screaming and screaming —
He hasn’t thought about it much since he’d had an archangel riding him, but after Michael, Dean is much more wary of angelic…
“Yes,” Castiel says, breathless. He doesn’t care about the words, only the feelings behind them, what actions those feelings might elicit. Greedy for it, he drops his head onto the bed with a sigh and closed eyes. “Yes.”
Into his third episode, Dean tosses a last handful of popcorn in his mouth as Cersei Lannister watches the Great Sept burn. His eyes drooping and his shoulders relaxed, he reaches for the remote and switches off the TV, ready for bed.
“Well,” Dean blurts, caught wrong-footed again, “I gotta get to work, so.” He jerks a thumb over his shoulder at the door and starts walking backwards.
to displace it from its nesting place. He shakes his head. “Sorry,” he says, wondering why he’s apologizing to a
Sam opens the front door as Dean returns from the mailbox. “No luck?” he asks when he sees the look on Dean’s face.
blares loudly into his bedroom, the buzzing vibration of his phone rattling across the nightstand and jarring Dean into consciousness. He slaps at it, already mostly awake from the adrenaline jolt that can only come from realizing your boss is calling you because you’re late. Shit.
But, he watches Dean’s uncertainty transform into determination from one blink to the next as his eyes land on Castiel’s mouth, and he reaches red-tipped fingers to touch, pressing feather-light on either side of the cut on his lip. Castiel can’t help the gasp that leaves him when Dean flicks his gaze up, blindsided by the sudden heat there.
And what a sight he is. Dean can’t seem to stop himself from looking at Castiel’s long fingers, his broad shoulders, the beautifully sculpted tendons of his feet. His eyes flick up to Castiel’s face and he takes in his huge blue eyes and the sharp, clean line of his jaw. Dean finds, as his eyes rove over Castiel’s naked form, that he can’t help staring at the glorious curve of his biceps.
) and passes it over, shaking his head as Dean piles bacon and onions on his own burger, heedless, as usual, of his health.
The kid standing in line behind Dean huffs loudly and he snaps back to the present, where it is, in fact, his turn to order, and he is, in fact, staring off into space like a total moron while Mr. Too-Sexy-For-This-O’Clock-In-The-Morning is looking at him with concern and amusement and the people in line behind him are getting antsy.
The hesitation in Cas’ voice makes Dean ache with the need to reassure, to comfort. “Cas,” he says gently, “man. I’ve seen a literal tentacle monster from another freakin’ dimension.” Dean shudders at the memory; that experience had, sadly, completely ruined tentacle porn forever. “I can legitimately say I’ve seen some of the
Dean backs out of Cas’ room on shuffling feet, closing the door behind himself, then goes in search of his brother, wanting to get moving on finding a cure or a counter spell or something — anything to distract him from how he can hear Cas’ voice telling him how
“Yeah,” Dean murmurs against his throat, the sound sending a jolt through Castiel, hot and urgent. “C’mon, sunshine, I got you,” he says with a kiss to the corner of Castiel’s mouth.
“I understand, sir,” Dean replied, voice tight. It was a dangerous line to walk; he knew if he didn’t sound apologetic enough John wouldn’t buy it, but Dean was clinging with slipping fingertips to his temper, now. His shoulder throbbed and his lip stung and his arm felt like it was on
“Well,” he announces loudly, “I’m going for a shower now. See you two – uh.” He coughs again. “See you guys later.”
Sam is silent, and while he chews over whatever bullshit question he’s about to ask, Dean digs the heels of his hands into his eyes until he sees red and orange fireworks bursting in the darkness.
“I thought it was the right thing to do, Dean,” Castiel interrupts, a rueful smile tugging at his mouth. “But I see yet again I’ve misjudged when it comes to you.”
Dean was somehow, inexplicably, deemed worthy of loving by an ancient celestial entity he’s technically never even
small this dragon seems to be. It’s no longer than his forearm, and about as thick around as his index finger.
Dean fingers the chunk of amber hanging from a leather cord around his neck. The rich golden color of it warms in the candlelight, capturing the flames and sending them winking into the corners of the room. He looks over at Sam and Jack, chewing worriedly on his lower lip.
“Don’t worry,” Dean says, an ugly feeling churning in his stomach. “Looks like Cas is all mojo’d up again, so he can just fly his own feathery ass back ho—”
It’s cold out here, especially after the warmth that flowed over them like a passing river. Dean slowly lowers his arm, disentangling himself from his grumbling brother, and notices the ominous hush around them. It’s unnaturally silent, as though no creature dares make a sound.
“Well, I said dragons are a lot like… like bowerbirds, right? They make. Um. They make, you know, um. Oh! Fancy nests, right.” He shifts his weight from side to side, and Dean eyes him warily, wondering if Sam was indeed steady on his feet. “Uh, I maybe should have clarified? They build the fancy nests when they want to. Um. Attract a mate?”
Dean laughs. “Yup. Nothin’ new here, really. We’re still a couple’a dumbasses. Now there’s just sex involved, too.”
“Uh,” he starts, and has to drag in another breath that feels like glass going down. “Cas, Cas summoned it.” Dean squeezes his eyes shut, wanting nothing more than to erase the image from his mind of Castiel’s beatific face as he was swallowed whole, devoured by inky nothingness. “He, uh.” God
Dean unscrews the lid, and the sound of the metal scraping against the glass sets his teeth on edge. For a moment, with the contents of the jar open to the air, Dean can only sit and stare. A bird warbles off somewhere near the tree line. Wind rustles the treetops, the grass. Clouds drift lazily across a cornflower blue sky and the world continues its relentless march regardless of Castiel’s absence. Dean tips a handful of ash out into his palm. The breeze stirs it, threatens to grab it out of Dean’s hand. He closes his fingers reflexively, wanting to give Castiel to the earth on his own terms.
They come to Dean’s room and he pushes the door open, ushering Cas inside. Dean heads for the dresser and digs out an old AC/DC tee and some loose pants and tosses them at Cas, who catches the clothes and looks down at them, perplexed, before squinting up at Dean.
have to do that. Cas grumps around the bunker for days, and Dean watches him with a heavy, sick sensation in his stomach because honestly, what had Cas expected? Like Dean was ever gonna let the crazy son-of-a-bitch stay gone. Like he wasn’t gonna go after Cas the minute Chuck was in their rear-view. Like it isn’t fucking eating Dean up inside that Cas said he loved him; but selfish, greedy bastard that he is, Dean can’t help wondering if Cas is
As if on instinct, Dean's hand slid down Castiel's body, down to wrap around his waist, and Castiel let out a soft gasp at the touch, before burying his face in the crook of Dean's neck to hide it from Dean. Cautiously, Dean grazed his fingers lower, under the hem of Castiel's t-shirt, and over his warm, smooth skin. Castiel whimpered, hands crumpling the front of Dean's shirt as a palpable shiver coursed down Castiel's body.
Castiel felt his heart drop, and he let out a soft, broken sigh. So he wasn't the only one feeling it.
, he wanted to go home and beat away at the punching bag at the corner of his room, and hope it would help him forget Castiel, but he knew
And then Castiel had realised it for a fleeting second— his family was stitching itself together. Maybe his mother had turned soft, maybe his father had begun to care for him— maybe Castiel could have a family, as loving as any other. And so he had texted Dean as soon as he could. Even if Naomi and Michael approved of Dean, it would mean the world to Castiel. He didn't need their approval for it, but getting it would mean they had tried to care for Castiel, and that in itself would have made Castiel happy. What he failed to see was that his mother would never approve of Dean. To her, it was a game. A fun litte ruse to watch Castiel cry, to watch Castiel lose people. She said he deserved better, but he knew it was an excuse for her regret.
"You're jealous. You're jealous that I've been with people before, aren't you?" Dean asked, almost teasingly.
"Fuck, yes, fuck, Novak, whoda' thought you had that mouth on you— yeah, c'mere," Dean growled, and grabbed Castiel by the back of his head. In one, sharp thrust, Dean was fucking into Castiel's mouth. Castiel stared up at him, keeping his coy, blue gaze on Dean at all times, and fuck, Dean couldn't even tear his eyes away from how gorgeous Castiel looked with a cock in his mouth.
"Are you happy? Being treated like nothing but a joke? Are you happy living your life in fear, never knowing when or how Alastair is going to come and fuck it up? Does that make you happy, does it really?"
"Oh— oh fuck," Castiel hissed, and panted against the wall, writhing and squirming in Dean's arms, before the all-too familiar ding of the elevator had both men snapping apart like a rubber band.
"Fifty new confessions. All with usernames. People are speaking up. We can make this work, we can actually get Alastair suspended."
With every step closer, Castiel felt his heart pound in his chest. The sound resonated in his mind, almost driving him crazy with anticipation.
"I wanted to die, Castiel. I really did. It's why I came over to check on you, to make sure you're okay," Her hazel brown eyes glazed over Castiel's face as she squeezed his hand back with a gentle smile, one Castiel had never seen on her face before, "-I know we don't talk much. But ever since I saw Benny take you away that night at the party, I couldn't stop thinking about you. Especially, since I know how it feels. Begging someone to stop, to just, want to vanish. You're lucky, Castiel, you have Dean, your boyfriend, who can look out for you, but I—" Meg laughed, a chilling, skeptical laugh, "-I didn't have anyone to reach out to, you're the first person to know this."
His eyes wandered around the corridor of the farmhouse as he sighed, and swiped up to answer. Against his will, he breathed out a soft
"Cas—" Dean said, his voice low and gentle, as he nudged Castiel away and guided him down to sit on the bed, "—how did you come here?"
Regret washed over him almost instantly. Not only had he fantasized about a man, which was disgusting, by the way, but he'd fantasized about Castiel fucking Novak, who was the biggest fag Dean had ever seen, and yeah, Dean hated the guy, hated how he was all reserved and pretentious, never talking to anyone, never hanging outside school, never straying away from his work— it was a fuckin' act, and Dean knew it always had been.
Eyes wide, mouth hung open, and his cigarette trembling between his fingers, almost of the verge of falling, Dean gaped at Castiel, absolutely stunned, and Castiel simply stared at him.
"Mr. Winchester, isn't it? Please, you speak to me like that one more time and I'll have your scholarship cancelled."
"Hm?" Castiel snapped his eyes up to meet Dean's, his cheeseburger hovering right in front of his face as he quirked a lip, "-I'm fine?"
A loud, collective whine of dismay rung through the class, and Dean smiled to himself. It was already understood that almost half of the class would
"Cas, I—" Dean started, squeezing Castiel's hand, as he pulled Castiel closer to him. Castiel seethed with anger, eyes wide and glowering as he stared at Dean, and demanded.
Dean seemed to settle at last, as he nodded and reached out to pull Castiel's hands into his own. He pressed a kiss to Castiel's knuckles, and Castiel smiled. Their eyes met, and all they did was stare at each other for a moment.
"Really?" Dean asked with a grin, "—dude, that's kinda' awesome. You'd be an amazing teacher, in fact, you already are. You really should think about it. What colleges are you applying to? Any idea?"
, that he left the moment Castiel asked him to? How would he ever get over the fact that had he stayed for five more minutes, he would have been able to see Castiel smile, that he wouldn't have to be sitting in Castiel's room, watching him cry and shiver.
"Me neither," Castiel sighed, "-but we need him, Meg. And if Dean trusts him, hey, we should give it a shot."
"And then when I'm done, I'll let you have him. Sloppy seconds. Will that make you happy, Winchester? You know I care for you, don't you?" A sick, wicked laugh rumbled past Alistair's lips, and he raised an eyebrow at Dean.
Castiel paused for a moment, before pulling his hand out of Dean's grip, and faltering back a few steps.
So lost in his struggle to change Dean's mind, Castiel barely realised how quickly time had passed by, and it wasn't until the school bell rang a second later, that Castiel jerked back in surprise, but even more surprising, were Dean's hands holding his waist to keep him from stumbling backwards. Their eyes met for a moment, Dean's intense and stern, and Castiel swallowed nervously, before mumbling a
"You think you're being smart? Fuckin' fag, you think you're being smart?" Dean hissed, and pressed his palm into Castiel's chest, leaning into Castiel's space. His face followed Castiel's, and their eyes fixed onto each other, Dean's seething with anger, and Castiel's filled with confusion.
It was a slow Wednesday afternoon, and the bell had rung a mere five minutes ago to signal school had ended. The class was abuzz with students chattering, benches creaking, bags shuffling, and books clattering as everybody rushed out the door. Everyone but Dean, who waited back, in absolutely no hurry to leave, as he slotted his books into his bag. Behind him, he felt Benny and Andrea slip out the room from somewhere in the crowd, but he didn't mind. Andrea had begun to suspect something was wrong, and she had made several attempts to pry out the information from Benny, but Dean had been crystal clear— not a single word of what happened to Castiel should fall on their classmates' ears.
A shudder wracked Dean from the top of his head to the tip of his toe, and he swallowed tightly, feeling his cock twitch with arousal and anticipation.
"Oh, Dean," Castiel cried out, before biting down on his lip, hard enough to draw blood, and pushed Dean deeper between his thighs. If only Castiel could see himself in that moment, he would realise how big of a wreck he looked— mouth hung open in ecstacy, moans spilling past his lips, eyebrows furrowed, eyes shut and sweat dripping down his brow, "—Dean,
Dean slammed Castiel against the door of the bathroom, and crashed their lips together. Whatever Castiel had to say faded away on his tongue as he moaned, and wrapped his arms around Dean's neck, reciprocating so deliciously, as if he were made for Dean's touch and nothing else. The kiss was rough— with Dean biting at Castiel's bottom lip, and Castiel shoving his tongue against Dean's in the most inarticulate of ways. Spit drooled down their faces, they panted for breath, gulping and swallowing down each inch of each other's mouth like they were quenched.
Monday came soon enough, and Castiel and Meg were all jittery with the thought of having to open up to Mr. Singer. Sure, Dean had given him a background on what happened to Castiel, but saying it out loud himself— Castiel wasn't sure he was ready for that. And if the way Meg was pacing outside Mr. Singer's cabin during home room break was anything, she was just as nervous.
, before traveling down. Right as he went to tap on it, a voice called out from behind him that had his blood turning cold.
Dean's apple-green eyes stared into Castiel's, a strange maturity in them, one he'd seen in the eyes of quite a few adults, but rarely any teenagers.
"Thank you," Castiel mumbled against Dean's chest. "I was scared they wouldn't take me seriously. But I think Anna sealed the deal."
Meg blinked back to the present, and Dean watched as Benny rubbed a hand down her back. It was adorable yes, but Benny was— taken. And Dean wouldn't encourage Benny to go for it especially since he was already with Andrea, but that wasn't the point. The point was, Meg was opening up.
Castiel hummed again. His eyes wandered across the shelf, as he seemed to ponder upon Dean's question, before grabbing a book and seating himself at the table. He didn't respond, but Dean was curious, so he sat himself down next to Castiel, and turned to him expectantly.
Castiel and Meg were talking about some pop artist whose music had been blowing up, but then the four of them felt a figure approach them, and they looked up at who it was.
"This used to be my mom's old engagement ring. I found it in dad's stuff when I was around six. Asked him if I could have it. He was a much more decent man back then, so he said yes, and got me a chain for it too, until it fit into my finger," Dean paused, and his glassy eyes studied Castiel, "—it's not a big deal, Cas. It's not like an engagement thing or whatever, but I want you to have it. Like a promise that I'll never leave."
A fresh, hot pump of adrenaline coursed through Dean's body as he grabbed Alastair by the collar, and thrashed him into the wall behind. Dean curled his hand into a fist, and unleashed it on Alastair's face.
"This isn't about you. This is about Anna." Castiel grumbled, before slapping his hands down on the table and leaping out of his chair. Dean and the crew watched, dumbstruck, as Castiel stormed away out of the library.
did it bite. Dean was rooted to the ground for a moment, unable to catch on to the backhanded comment, but when he did, he felt another pang of anxiety wash over him.
But Castiel knew Dean, and he knew what a stubborn son of a bitch Dean was. He wouldn't give in until he had prepped Castiel to the fullest. No matter how much Castiel would scream or beg for Dean's cock, Dean would never give it to him until Dean had made sure to squeeze and massage every crevice inside Castiel. Some times, it was as if Dean considered Castiel to be a porcelain doll with how delicately he treated him. But then again, on the nights Castiel lay in bed with Michael facing away from him, it was these very delicate touches that would keep Castiel's mind at ease.
"Good morning, Dean," Castiel smiled, and Dean stepped back with a frown on his face. Great. First dad started the day with his usual taunts, and now
"You're so talented Dean. And kind, and quick, and smart. Why don't you focus more on yourself? You could get whatever you want in life. You could have your dream college, your dream job— anything you wanted."
When Dean let his thoughts return to the present, he watched as Castiel turned away from him, lying with his back to Dean and face to the wall beside his bed. Dean couldn't see his face.
"Are you sure you're ready?" Dean asked, stroking his thumb across Castiel's cheekbone, and Castiel all but melted within Dean's arms, as he dove in for another kiss, a kiss that was meant to show Dean
"I thought you were going to push me over," He cried out, and watched as Dean laughed, bastard that he was, and squeezed his hands around Castiel's waist.
Castiel felt a shiver course through him at the thought of being fucked to an inch of his life with Dean's large, beast of a cock, and his hole fluttered between his legs. He bit down on his lips to keep in a whimper, and watched as Dean grabbed a bottle of lube, and a condom packet, notably
Castiel pulled away from Dean, although reluctantly, and Dean watched as he walked away with his head down. Dean stood silent for a few seconds, both Bobby and he waiting for Castiel to disappear around the corner. After he did, Bobby walked over to Dean, a thick tension in the air between them.
"You gonna' cry?" Dean asked, before bursting into laughter, shaking his head as he doubled over, "-man, you're gayer than I thought."
"I'd love to, let me check with dad though, okay?" Dean sighed. As much as he'd love to go over to the Novak's, to meet Castiel's parents, and Castiel himself, it all depended on his father. His father, who Dean found out a few minutes later, was sprawled out on the couch with a six-pack lying empty next to him. The television played some old, eighties sitcom, and John laughed at every humourless joke.
"Going to make you feel good, Cas, trust me, baby— would never hurt you, never." Dean mumbled, and as slowly as he could, pushed his cock in.
Once they'd resumed their breath, Dean zipped himself up, and helped Castiel into his clothes. They sat on the floor of the library huddled together. Dean laid his head against Castiel's chest, and Castiel ran a hand through his hair.
I have been reading every single one of your comments, and some of you have commented on my other works as well. I simply wanted to say thank you so much for your never ending support, and although I do not reply to the comments, I see each one and feel extremely grateful to each one of you. So much love to every single one of you, especially to the names I have been seeing for quite long. There aren't many, but the few that are regular make my heart full of love. 🥺💕
"You're right, we need a protest. The authorities need to know we're serious. But, we should only protest
—" Moan after moan echoed through the air, rising higher with every thrust that sent Castiel closer to his orgasm. Above him, Dean was quiet, but not completely. His eyes were squeezed shut, his lips hung open, and sweat staining his perfect face as he fucked into Castiel. He let out small, deep grunts with every thrust inside Castiel, and the sight alone was enough to have thr pressure of Castiel orgasm intensifying.
Castiel's smile vanished. His hand fell away from Dean's face, and he turned back to his book. The air between them changed, more distant now, and Dean found it difficult to pierce the thick silence between them. It was as if he was with Castiel, but wasn't at the same time. As if he knew what Castiel wanted to say, and yet, he could never figure out what Castiel was. They were sitting right next to each other, and yet, Castiel felt miles and miles away from Dean.
Castiel nodded his head along, glad that Meg had put his ideas into such concise words. He watched as Mr. Singer leaned back on his chair.
, parted as the boy let out a noise. Dean's cock twitched in his underwear and he wondered for a moment, what other noises the boy could make, especially if he had a large, ten-inch-cock rawing his asshole.
"Alastair was mean, crude, vile and everything I despised, but he was how I survived junior year. Until prom, of course."
"And I still know more about him than you do, because guess what, Mrs. Novak, some of us actually do want to make Castiel feel loved rather than just
"Well, I usually take a smoke after school, but I saw you sneak in here, so I thought I'd come with you." He answered, and Castiel hummed with a roll of his eyes.
It was senior year, for fuck sake, they were supposed to be ruining their lives by having unprotected sex in their mom's basements and instead, Michael wanted to attend a book fair with Castiel. Not that there was anything wrong with it, but
"School was well, school. Got into an argument with someone over the future of cryptocurrency, it got intense. Besides that, things were alright. How come you're here?" Sam asked, before scooping more cereal into his mouth.
the man was. All lean, toned muscle stretching against his suit; stubble dotting his jaw, plush, feminine pink lips, and a tempting, sweaty neck. He stunk of men's cologne, but it was bearable, and Castiel felt his gut coil with arousal as the man raised an eye brow at him.
Castiel's eyes flew open wide, only to find the man panting, his face buried in the crook of Castiel's neck, sucking a deep, purple hickey onto his young, supple skin as his finger rubbed down Castiel's taint, and the sweat had made it's way smoother.
Castiel pouted, and narrowed his eyes at Dean. "Please? Once, just once, I'll never ask again. Please, Dean, I didn't even know you played— you have to do this for me, please?"
the first time in his life, he was once again reminded of just how capricious, selfish, and vile people became in the greed for power and respect. God, Castiel would rather lose all respect and power, than turn into such a horrible human being. He let his eyes roam out the window of Mrs. Berry's office.
"Fuck," Dean hissed, and his hazy, apple-green eyes stared up at Castiel, who panted in Dean's lap— trying to regain his breath.
Perhaps he knew the answers. Perhaps Dean, like Castiel, had resorted to extreme measures for the same reason Castiel had. To find what he lacked in his life. To Dean, it was normalcy. To Castiel, it was simply attention. Not in a rabid, unhinged way most people do, but a simple, subtle attention, laced with affection and care, the promise that he was important, that he meant something to someone.
Something resembling shame and guilt lingered behind Castiel's deep baby-blue eyes, and try as hard as Dean did to catch his gaze, Castiel kept his eyes turned to his feet.
fat," Dean teased, and Castiel launched forward to flick him in the head. Dean recoiled, and tried to dodge him.
Then came the glasses, those goddamned glasses. Castiel bit down on his lip and let out a low, dark chuckle. Dean felt his breath hitch the moment Castiel began rolling his hips over Dean's cock, slow at first, simply testing. Dean couldn't help but slide his hands down the swell of Castiel's firm, bouncy ass. The glasses Castiel had been wearing, he pushed them down on his nose, before plucking them up, and setting them down on the tip of Dean's nose. He leaned in, his breath smelling of a mixture of alcohol and sugar, and smiled.
But then again, Dean was wary. Was the boy alone? And if yes, what was he even doing out in the woods, all-alone, surrounded by nothing but the silent, eerie woods? And if not, who was with him? Where were they?
Dean watched Castiel, who walked down their driveway, with his head hung down, a soft, pink glow on his face, Dean felt his stomach churn for a moment. Perhaps, the real Castiel was nothing like the one in Dean's dreams. He was brighter, and prettier, and much more delicate than Dean had thought, not by nature, but by features. And maybe, Castiel always had been beautiful. He ran his fingers through his hair, before disappearing around the corner of the block, and Dean stood there, numb, wondering why he couldn't think of anything but Castiel.
"I know, but I don't want to go far away. I feel like if I leave Lawrence, I'll be leaving you behind, and—"
Dean raised an eye brow. "Look Novak, I don't know what the fuck you smoked before you came in here, but have you heard yourself? You want me to fuck you? Novak, I'm straight. And even if I wasn't, I barely know you. Also, do you realize how insanely stupid and random this is?"
, before sinking in to the very hilt, until he couldn't reach any deeper. Castiel's shirt was soaked with sweat as it pooled around his shoulder, and his tiny cocklet trapped within the confines of the orange panties was leaking with pre-come
—" But Castiel never looked back as he reached the door of the farmhouse, and considered leaving, but instead, walked around the back of the wrap-around porch.
"I want you to look at yourself when I fuck you." Dean snarled, and shoved Castiel's pants down to reveal his tight, bouncy round ass. God, he'd fantasized about it for so long. And now, Dean finally had the chance to take it. Anyway he liked.
, and dashing into the library. Inside, he turned his head from side to side, wondering which aisle Castiel would be in. On a fluke, he walked into the study-help aisle, and paused in his tracks the moment he found
All three of them were silent, simply drinking in the weight of Castiel's words, before Meg sighed. She fidgeted with her fingers, and shifted from one leg to the other.
A few days had gone by since Dean had met up with Castiel and the gang, and spoken to Bobby about their plan. For the past two days, Sam had helped them set up a forum online which allowed people to submit text entries either with their name or anonymously. And for the two of those days, Castiel had been minutely checking each and every detail. Thankfully, Sam and Castiel seemed to have similar tastes, because the website turned out absolutely great and working. But that wasn't all that went down in the past few days.
Dean's eyes snapped over to Castiel, and Castiel held his gaze, never letting their eyes stray as Dean paused for a moment, and nodded. As if on its own accord, Castiel's hand drifted up to Dean's face, and he brushed his finger across the bandaid under Dean's eye. Their eyes met, a strange beat passing between them where neither said a word, and yet, Castiel could feel inside him, everything Dean wanted to say, and Dean, perhaps, felt his burden lighten at the very slightest for having shared it.
He couldn't dare to open his eyes. All he could do was lay completely frozen as Castiel kissed him before pulling away. It was barely a brush of his lips, shorter than a breath, and yet, Dean couldn't help but be greedy as he fluttered his eyes open, and grabbed Castiel by his wrist. Their faces were a mere inch away, and Dean breathed in the air Castiel had let out, before Castiel's eyes blinked open, and widened the moment he found Dean staring at him.
for some reason. And he only hoped Dean would understand him and step into his shoes. He hoped Dean wouldn't be offended. Dean was silent for a few seconds, before he locked his jaw, and nodded his head slowly.
Castiel smiled, and this time, he felt it tug at his cheeks so genuinely, he couldn't hold himself back as he pressed a kiss to Dean's lips. Dean in turn, smiled the widest, and wrapped his arms around Castiel. They pulled away for a brief second to look up at each other.
"That didn't stop you from riling me up, did it?" Dean asked, and harshly pulled Castiel's cheeks apart, causing the smaller man to falter. "Neither did it stop you from teasing me, did it? Now we do things my way."
Smoke fumed out Castiel's nose as he paced the wooden flooring of the porch, before he heard Dean's frantic, loud footsteps patter against the floor. Lo and behold, there he was, in all his leather glory, trying to be Castiel's knight in shining armour (or flannel, whatever), by policing how much he drank, pretending to care for him, yadda yadda yadda.
person Castiel had ever seen. He sat on Castiel's seat with his feet propped up on the table, and Castiel found himself cowering slightly behind Dean, reaching almost absently for his arm. Alastair had never sat right with Castiel. In fact, Castiel suspected Alastair had even molested plenty of girls at school, but he'd threatened them too much to ever let them complain. His crooked smile, his hungry, blood-thirsty eyes, and his thin, yet towering build had always caused Castiel to go mum before him. The few times Castiel had been compelled to work with Alastair, the boy had turned Castiel's life into a living nightmare, by always groping his butt, gripping his jaw too tightly, and twisting his arms.
"It's true," Castiel added, "—Sam is one of the best students in his class, with the highest scores. A diamond waiting to be cut."
Castiel paused. "Because it's true. I always need someone to stand up for me. I'm weak, and I can't face the people who hurt me. Instead, I punch the people who try to protect me, and I hurt them and push them away—"
"Very much, sweetheart, it's cute as fuck." Dean let his eyes trail over the fort— comfy, airy, convenient and cosy. Distantly, he could recall a time, quite a few years ago, when Sammy was around six years old, and he was ten, where they would build blanket forts in their bedroom and spend hours reading DC Comics, watching movies, playing board games— and when dad would come home from work, they would giggle and invite him in. Dad hadn't always been cold to them. Dean remembered the way he would hand both Sam and him a handful of candies, and they'd eat them all in their pillow fort.
Dean paused, and turned back. Was Castiel waiting for him or something? Idiot. He ran into the passageway with loud, stomping footsteps, only to find Sam and Castiel laughing with each other by the door. Sam spoke animatedly about something, something to do with astronomy, and Castiel nodded, eyes watching Sam intently. Sam finished, and Castiel agreed with him in full enthusiasm as his face brightened, and he began rambling about something, some new invention or whatever.
"You're a fucking slut, aren't you?" Dean growled, and paced around Castiel's chair, eyes tracking down every inch of his body. Supple, tanned skin, thick meaty thighs, a plump peachy ass, narrow waist, sharp hips, strong shoulders, a tempting neck, and
In bright, bold red was a circle around the formula they were supposed to use, and Castiel noticed how the letters and the numbers had jumbled up.
Around a hour later, the five of them walked out of Principal Berry's office at last. They had given her everything she had needed, and Castiel could swear he'd seen her flinch at a few points as he told her his story, and then Meg did too. They didn't tell it in complete detail, but enough to make her feel repulsed by Alastair. Dean had held onto Castiel's hand through it all, and Castiel was thankful for the support. Benny had acted as witness, and the five of them had also given names of others at school who had gone through evident bullying by Alastair and his friends.
"No, guys, no, I— being a leader, this is a huge responsibility. Besides, someone like Dean or Anna would be better suited, you guys are more social, more friendly, and, and— I just, I—"
we talk to Berry. Otherwise, it wouldn't be as threatening to them as it should be. And we need someone to lead us. Without a leader, there will be no order." She sighed, and let her eyes wander across the rest of them.
"Look what I made," He laughed, as he led Dean into the living room. Dean followed after him, making sure the front door was shut, before they reached into the living room, only to find—
And all Castiel was left with was an aching jaw and limbs. Of the stench of alcohol and blood stuck to his nose.
Dean smiled, and Castiel held his hand out. Castiel watched as Dean slipped the ring on his finger, and Castiel stared at it, before turning to face a blushing Dean. "It looks cute on your finger."
"Try me," Dean whispered, and their eyes fluttered shut. For a moment, Castiel could think of nothing, but then he felt Dean's forehead rest against his own, and all at once, Castiel couldn't help himself anymore. Tears pooled at the rim of his eyes.
"My mom's gone, Cas. And even if she wasn't, she would be proud of me for being with someone like you," Castiel watched as Dean's bottom lip trembled, and his voice grew softer, more broken, "—she'd love you."
"The only reason I'm here is because I want to see Alastair Knight suffering. And if you can help me see it, I'll be eternally grateful to you."
"—and I made sure to humiliate him in every way possible. It was pathetic, honestly, how much we hated each other. I made him cry too," Dean sighed, "—but then I guess, things just sorted themselves out. I found out Castiel was a Zeppelin fan, that sealed the deal for me, honestly. Plus, come on, he's cute as fuck, and anybody who thinks otherwise clearly doesn't have eyes."
When Castiel stood up to pull his pants on, he looked over at Michael, and feigned a gasp. "Oh Mikey," He cooed, "—I didn't see you there. Did you forget something in here? Dean and I were just wrapping up."
"He'll kill me, I know," Dean said, and reached a hand up to stroke down Castiel's face with a wide, murderous grin. "But not if I kill him first, Castiel."
"Good," Castiel sighed, his eyes wandering into the distance, "—because I'm pretty sure my mom's going to kick me out."
"Yes," Mr. Singer nodded, and steepled his fingers on his desk as he leaned forward, "—he practically broke down crying. You see, I'm not allowed to reveal this, but since you've been friends with Dean and are now, dating him, it wouldn't hurt. Dean and I go back a very long time—"
As he walked out Benny's farmhouse, he caught a reflection of himself in a window, and he paused to study himself. His skin seemed to glow with a strange rejuvenation, and his eyes were blazing with adrenaline as he smirked. When he turned his eyes back to the driveway, he watched as Benny stepped out the Impala, car keys swirling around in his finger.
"About what?" Meg piped up from behind Dean, and that was when Dean realised Anna hadn't actually been looking at him, but at
Castiel stared at her for a few seconds, before leaning in to wrap an arm around her shoulder. He knew news about Dean and he had already spread to a few people, but he never realised Meg had been at Benny's party. And why would he? They weren't friends. But with Meg sitting here next to him, wiping away her tears, opening up to Castiel for the first time in a whole year, he felt nothing but awe.
"—And they shoved the bottle inside," Castiel hiccuped, "—over and over, and over again. I couldn't stop them, I'm sorry—"
Sure, a chill ran down Castiel's spine at the sound of those words, but he willed himself to remain silent, simply staring down at Dean.
"That's a butter knife," Dean growled, and snatched it out of the boy's hand. That's it. He was done being easy with the boy, done being the nice guy. Brats like these needed a lesson, and Dean was going to teach him to behave. He grabbed the boy by his wrists, watching as Castiel gasped, eyes blowing wide, and twisted his wrists around his back.
Dean blushed at that, and Castiel laughed to himself, much to the confusion of the others walking a few feet behind them.
Their eyes met, and some of the tension between them seemed to have eased away as Dean shrugged, and gnawed at his lip in thought, "-I still think Physical Graffiti is their greatest. Dude, Kashmir? Ten Years Gone? Houses of the Holy? Those are irreplaceable songs, y'know," Dean argued, and already Castiel realised, they weren't going to agree, but he still tried his best to convince Dean otherwise.
Dean Winchester, who had just been promoted to the Head of Sales and Marketing at Sandover Inc. had been dragged down to a club to celebrate his promotion by the rest of his close colleagues. Benny, from Accounts, Victor from HR, Ketch from Management, Mick from HR, and a few other mutual colleagues. Castiel Novak, Dean's personal secretary was also a part of the group at the club.
"I love you—" Castiel croaked out, reaching up to hold onto Dean's neck as Dean pressed his cock against Castiel's hole, rubbing it once before pushing it in. The bottoming out of Dean's cock inside him felt like coming home, and Castiel slapped a hand over his mouth to mute the moan let out.
