Bruce was grinning as he unplugged the machine and cut off the noise.
Peter looked up to his boyfriend, wanting to run away and hug him all at once.
They heard his hurried footsteps before they saw him. Both assassins sprung to their feet and turned to the noise. The warmth that was in their eyes seconds prior was replaced by cold, detached, and calculating gazes.
Steve took a deep breath and ran his hands through his hair.
His eyes rose to meet Tony’s as he came to a quick decision on how to reply without drawing more suspicion. Taking a page from Tony’s book, he replied, “I’m Steve-Steven…Steven Edwards.”
Stark was there, guns raised, and she notched the safety off her rifle.
Bucky and Natasha danced closely, Bucky’s mouth hovered millimeters from hers.
“But you like my new appendage,” Tony teased and fondled Steve’s ass with his metal hand.
“So I was going to apologize for taking so long, had to – uh – dig my medkit out of storage but it looks like you two didn’t mind…”
It was better said than done.
“…Master Rogers, I am sorry but you cannot help,” Jarvis stated. “The call for the Avengers is in Florida.”
“A Bucky Bear!” Tony laughed, “Oh, we need to get that and, Jarvis, order the complete collection of Captain America comics to be delivered to the house.”
The next member was James ‘Bucky’ Barnes.
“And what about all the people who would have seen you crawl down the side of my tower?” Tony replied. “Would they have ignored you?
They propelled themselves across the living room. Their hands never leaving the other’s body and their mouths only separating to catch a much needed breath. Steve fell back onto the couch and Tony fell on him, the motion elected another groan from Steve. He loved the feeling of all of Tony’s weight on him.
Ben tightened his hold on May and asked, “Was it recent?”
He played with Tony's hair, parting it from his face as an excuse to touch it. His hair kept bouncing back so Steve had the perfectly endless excuse to keep touching him. To Steve’s delight, Tony continued to sleep.
“It seems we both do not agree with Venom’s digestive system. Venom did not eat you because you are so much like its host, it would have been like eating itself. And I, well, I am mostly metal, imitation flesh, and a pint of fake blood. After one bite, he spit me right out…but one bite was all it took,” she sighed upon her last statement as she looked down at her ruined body.
Steve rolled his eyes and said, “It’s not a stray, Buck.”
“Tony-,” Steve groaned.
“I’d be insulted if you didn’t ask!” Tony replied. “I’m suiting up! Bet you 100 bucks I find him first!”
A lump formed in Bucky’s throat.
“I-I’ve got you something,” Steve murmured shyly, his cheeks flushing slightly.
The suit opened up with the last of its power and waited for Tony.
Natasha and Coulson grimly listened to the operator relay the information over the police scanner. Natasha turned to Coulson and whispered, “Can you keep it from Tony until we confirm?”
“But I was gettin’ some good hits in!”
“Enjoying your party so far?” He asked with a wily grin.
He was struck again and then thrown against the car.
“Hello, beloved, how goes the doctoring?” Tony asked, his eyes more focused on whatever it was he was doing when he answered so he did not seem to notice the baby in Steve’s arms.
So on top of running together, now they were flirting right in front of him. His jealousy was instantly extinguished as the frozen bits of his heart broke and fell heavily into his stomach.
The smell was much worse than he remembered and no one had clearly been down there in a while. Rats and roaches scurried away from his hurried steps. He was splashing up all kinds of muck that loudly echoed down the tunnels, but they were directionless. Anyone following him would have no idea where he was going.
“Of course, I was happy,” Steve countered. “You were talking about getting married, but you actually didn’t pop the question!”
Steve closed the door and then turned back to Tony, pulling him into another embrace, needing a recharge. He was in a fragile state and Tony’s presence was the only thing keeping him functioning at the moment.
Other witnesses came forward to testify about the evidence collected but Steve had to block them out as the case against him grew…until Tyler was called forward.
Pepper smiled warmly at him and sat beside him on the bed, gently grasping one of his hands. Tony wordlessly carded his fingers with hers and leveled an annoyed look at Fury. He was probably there when Tony teared up over seeing Pepper…Bastard.
Tony called Norman’s people and told them he was going to be taking Harry home.
She smirked and her gaze spanned over all three men before her. She stepped into the room stiffly and closed the door behind her. By the way she moved, Steve could tell something was wrong with her midsection. She had reattached the two halves of her body but it seemed to be not done properly. She was unable to stand up straight and had to lean a little to the left as she walked.
! You can’t possibly think losing you would mean
It had been an unwritten rule in New York that, if your timer was about to run out, you’d come to Central Park.
Peter nodded and said, “I’ll be fine.” Peter waved his phone which he had just texted Harry with and explained, “Harry is going to be up here any minute to let me in.”
Bruce was at the controls, flying for the first time out of the simulator. Their usual pilots were Clint and Natasha but, at the moment, they were sitting together with Clint anxiously wringing his hands and Natasha whispering comforting things to him. Thor flew alongside them outside.
In a million years, he would have never guessed it would be the Capsicle himself that sat next to him.
Any fears he had were quickly replaced with the utter most joy.
He was going to see Bucky again and his Ma and everyone else he’d loved and lost and…one day, he’ll see Tony again too. He was sure of it.
He felt a tug on his arm and he had to look down. Tony murmured, “Come over here for a moment.”
“Get a lab coat off one of the dead guys,” Natasha commanded. James instantly moved and ran back into the other room.
“What kind of drugs are they pumping in me?” Tony asked. He felt pretty good, better than he had in weeks.
He doesn’t realize that Tony has caught him in his staring until the man himself plops down beside him on the bench in the locker room where he’s trying to get dressed and makes himself at home in Steve’s personal space.  He hasn’t even bothered to pull on more than yoga pants himself, towel around his neck barely doing any good for catching the water dripping down from his hair.  “Does it offend your sensibilities or what?”
Steve’s soul mark didn’t survive the procedure.
There’s plenty of left-overs to choose from, it’s just a matter of finding something both filling and not belonging to someone who will stab him in his sleep if he takes it.
“No.  Because I will not be derailed on this,” Tony snags a piece of the pizza for himself and pokes at it for a moment before shrugging and taking a bite.  He points the slice at Steve and swallows.  “There’s no way Howard wouldn’t have said
long before he went down into the ice.
“I can speak for myself,” Bucky stated, making Steve and Tony twitch in surprise. They both looked down to Bucky but he refused to look at either of them. He peered blankly at Steve’s leg, tightened his hold, and said, “Ever since I saved Steve, so many memories have been coming back to me and then when I saw Natasha…I-I just need to understand…” He let the rest of the sentence float away, leaving Bucky the only one to know what he was searching for.
Steve caught his shield a second later then collapsed first to his knees then onto his back. Steve lightly touched the communicator in his ear and gasped, “Great shot, Clint.” He fell onto his back with a groan, clutching the shield to his chest.
Because the photo was completely blank, a white sheet erasing Tony, Steve, their marriage,
Steve fixed Tony’s tie again and his fiancé quirked an eyebrow at him. Steve paused and placed his hand on Tony’s chest, over his heart. He admired the ring Tony gave him against the navy blue color of Tony’s tie. Steve owned the tiny piece of jewelry a little less than 24 hours and had been staring at it every chance he could but he still could not stop looking at it.
Steve flushed and said, “Don’t tempt me.”
,” Dad gasped painfully. Dad cupped Peter’s face and when their eyes met he whispered, “I would never do that. I scanned him as soon as I found him. I couldn’t believe it myself!
Steve tried to give Peter a cooled pacifier to soothe his aching mouth, but Peter smacked it away and they both sighed heavily in unison. They tried snacks, formula, ice, cold gummy toys…nothing could calm the hurting child.
“Peter’s an adult, Buck,” Steve monotoned, leveling a glare at his best friend.
"Oh, my God, do you ever shut up?" Tony groaned collapsing onto the bench beside Bucky.
Steve reopened his sack and said, “I’ve got some bandages in here. Maybe if we wrap it up it’ll muffle the glow?”
Several Months Later...
Clint drew away and hissed, “You should have told me! And don't give me any of that level seven bull! You are my handler! You…You were - I thought I was responsible for your death.”
She threatened to quit because she thought he was going to kill himself and it tore Tony up inside to hear her vocalize the words. He hated that he made her think that way, but it hurt more to think of her not in his life anymore.
Tony leaned against the wall and groaned. This wasn't going to be the only damage to the Tower. It had been at the epicenter of the battle.
“That is 100% yes!” Steve gasped, kissing Tony like a man dying of thirst and he was the well of water providing his much needed sustenance. He paused to kiss him deeply, drawing a moan from Tony. When he pulled back, he whispered into his lips, “I love you.”
Tony nodded down the path and said, “Now, come on. Let’s get out of here.”
Steve stopped mumbling to himself and happily smiled at the plate in front of him.
Bucky finally gasped, “St-Stevie?” His gaze dropped and he wetly laughed, “What – What the hell are you wearing??”
“What?” Tony retorted, floating to the more cooperative of the two.
“What on Earth are you talking about?” Bucky gasped, looking at Tony as if he were insane.
“No, he told us it’s working, but hasn’t given us a demonstration yet…”
“Tony?”
Tony ran his fingers through Steve’s thick beard and, in a raspy voice, asked, “Steve,
“We can only stay a few minutes,” his dad eventually murmured apologetically. “We’ve got to get into position and secret in the priest from Steve’s church. Got to be very hush, hush. It’s going to take forever. And being secretive means I have to be quiet,” Tony moaned the last bit.
Tony was the strongest man he knew but that did not change the fact that Steve was weak. He was torn between what he had with Tony and what he had wanted with Bucky.
Steve sighed and said, “Jarvis, can you please send Peter’s address to my phone?”
Coulson stepped forward. Good, one of the few SHIELD agents he could stand. Cable nodded to the future Director of SHIELD and said, “Hello, Agent Coulson.”
“I – I am going to get help,” he gasped. He fell out of the car and he saw a figure approach them. He gasped, “Help my wife. Please.
Tony leaned into him, smiling sweetly at him and said, “I love it when you call me ‘love’. Out of all the pet names out there you go with the one that is straight to the point. That’s so Captain America.”
Tony tried to ignore the fact that his father’s face was hovering only a few inches from his and kept his eyes on the dismantled Hydra ray gun in front of him. Panzer assigned him with the task of replicating its power and Tony readily jumped at the chance of understanding objects connected with the Tesseract.
“Tony…”
. That was the only thing that really mattered in the end. They loved each other. He murmured, “I know right now I’m not ready but…one day…” He looked to Peter again and stayed with more conviction, “I will be with him for the rest of my life and that will entail letting the world know about us. So, yes, one day, but for now I’m content hogging him all to himself.”
“Sir, an anomaly has shown up and has placed SHIELD on high alert,” Jarvis announced.
"Bucky...Bruce already tried with the infinity gauntlet," Steve whispered gently.
“Okay, Pops,” Peter murmured morosely.
“Sir,” Jarvis interrupted him. “It is not Dr. Banner who will be in danger.”
The Russian’s eyes widened and he pulled a small tube out of his pocket and held it up to Steve’s eyes, flashing a bright light into his vision. He murmured, “Can you tell me where we are?”
Steve ran his fingers through Tony's hair, trying to fix it most likely, and murmured, “Good, can't have you falling asleep on your son’s birthday!”
I aspire to be the cool uncle now. Just watch, I’m going to have him cursing like a sailor, totally tattooed, and riding motorcycles by age four!”
“I don’t have much of a choice,” Tony replied ironically, squeezing gently back.
“It’s alright, Peter,” the dark haired woman whispered fervently. “Your father wanted me to give this to you.”
“I will help,” Steve added and grasped Tony’s hips, letting him lean out farther.
With his left hand encased in Tony’s gauntlet, he grasped Tony’s glowing right hand and it crumbled away, leaving the infinity stones to crawl up Steve’s gauntlet and press themselves into place just as they had done with Tony a minute before.
When Tony's gaze returned to the board, Steve closed his eyes for a moment and reminded his tightly compressed heart that he may be dead but he was here in the dream world with Tony.
becoming a reality. To add to Tony's delight, Natasha had surprised Steve with time off for an entire week. It was turning into one of the most exciting weeks of his life.
Just one shot.
(See the end of the chapter for
Harold entered in his purchases at the register and Peter went back to the counter, pulling out his wallet.
“You consider us your parents?” Tony teased.
“He came to help,” Scott explained.
Everyone froze. Even Wade’s heart froze up in his chest and the cold out spread from there like a fast-moving virus.
Eventually, with the minutes being fleeting, they were forced out of bed to get ready. Steve moved mechanically as he showered, dressed, and shaved, but, all he needed to do was glance to the side and find Tony doing the same things by his side and he felt more human…more relieved. The few times Tony caught his eye, he smiled at him and Steve felt his own lips twitch upward in response.
The worst part was not being able to breathe. The heat alone was chokingly hot but the smoke cloaked his throat and filled his lungs with ash. He was drowning again but this time it was in this smoky, oppressive heat. He thought drowning in the icy Atlantic had been bad but he was so wrong. At least the cold numbed the pain. The heat only got worse, there was no solace to his suffering. He fought valiantly at his bounds to escape it but only succeeded in swinging.
The Red Skull grinned to himself as his plan began to take form. He would use the Captain’s capacity to love and care to destroy him. Only when the man's humanity and heart was completely destroyed and he was begging for death, would the Red Skull finally kill him.
?” Tony gasped, kneeling in front of him with a concerned expression.
“Who else is here, Harry?” Norman asked, leaning back into his chair as he continued to scrutinize his young son. His skin took on a green tint but, as he was sitting in a dark room, he doubted his son would notice. He hid his hands under the desk as they elongated into long claws.
? As in, you are gay like your dad? You know, if that got out, the media would be freaking out and start bringing up the clone thing again.”
His reactions to these recent dreams always created more dramatic responses than that of his nightmares. He was loathe to admit it but his heart was racing, his cock was throbbing, and his arms felt irrevocably empty.
“I am sorry we could not detain them quicker and lessen the damage,” Thor muttered in shame.
“Cap?” Natasha asked nervously over the coms.
Bucky’s head dropped and he peered morosely at his clasped hands.
His article was minimalized by Jarvis and a new window opened with Twitter’s top trending page. The first tweet he saw was of him and Steve but it was not of them making out in their swim trunks…
Steve held him all the tighter and gasped, “No.”
“Her parents go to the same Country Club as my parents and I see her there sometimes… She’s so pretty, Steve…This is so not fair…”
“Oh no, two can play at that game,” Peter retorted. He picked up the paper ball and stated, “Both of our DNA is in there. Whatever I get hit with, you get hit with too.”
Tony dropped his head, Wade’s self-hate mirrored what Tony was feeling inside.
“No…We knew this was going to happen sooner or later. You can give an official statement…” Peter replied, his voice at a lower level from his melancholy.
“Fuck no you don’t!” Tony hissed. “He just killed this guy!” Tony waved to the dead man at his feet.
“Lieutenant, are you
Steve stumbled a little when they landed but managed to stay on his feet this time. They were in a new place again. It was a closed off room with a lot of old lockers with what looked like mostly junk but Steve’s eyes focused and he saw guns, bullets, and materials for building more weapons. There was also two small cots, a small tv sitting on a slanted table, a desk cover in grime and wires, and a floor lamp which Cable proceeded to turn on.
“He will…”
Tony sighed again and leaned heavily into Steve. He looked up to Steve and said, “I am running out of ideas. What did I do to make you fall for me?”
He’d arrived around the same time as one of his fellow interns, Eddie Brock, and he took one look at the gathered crowd and announced, “Okay, this is
He cursed under his breath when he saw it was still blank. He was sure that making Stark believe they were SHIELD agents and that his savior had died would right everything. What else did they need to do to set Stark back on his path to travel to the past and meet his future husband for what he thought was the first time?
Steve briefly touched the side of Tony’s face shield, gifting his soulmate with a small, thankful smile, and then he pulled away and whispered, “Let’s go.”
Steve reached out to Tony but the love of his life collapsed, slipping from his grasp as limp and lifeless as a doll. Tony was silent as he fell, ramrod straight and made no move to stop his plummet. He landed severely on his front with a horrific thump.
Tony dropped the towel, lowered himself to his knees, and...Jesus Christ...Steve nearly fell to the floor. Tony gave him no other warning. One moment he was grinning wickedly at Steve and the next he was sucking his cock.
“PEPPER!” Steve and Tony yelled unanimously.
Steve choked, “T-Tony…that’s a one-way trip.”
Steve slid down Tony’s body and sat on Tony’s lap, pressing their hardening cocks together with a moan. Tony dragged his fingers into Steve’s scalp and swallowed Steve’s moans by pressing his mouth into his lips.
“Boys!” Pepper suddenly turned to them, making both of them jump in their skins. She held out the paper she was writing on and stated, “This is a list of additional people we’ll invite to the fair for your wedding. Approve it and add in suggestions.”
Dum Dum laughed heartily and said, “Happy to oblige!”
Strangely, Tony’s eyes flickered to Bucky but then guiltily looked down as soon as their eyes met.
In the meantime, he could only use his body and words to shield his son. He had no idea who the General was but he seemed to have an unnatural hatred toward Bruce and that hatred had moved onto the boy he believed Bruce’s son.
Tony was the one at fault, not Steve.
“Sir, the elevator – I’m afraid my protocols are being overwritten.”
Steve pressed a kiss to the top of his head and huskily whispered, “Thank you.”
“…You're serious?”
“Oh, you cheeky bastard,” Scott retorted with a laugh.
Norman did not let a muscle twitch as he absorbed this information. The symbiote had heightened senses in addition to strength. He had not formulate that, interesting…
But he won’t do that…he wanted to deliver his final blow with the brat watching. He wanted him to see that
He’d recognize that voice
Father Michael commanded, “Take that to the super market down the block! I’ll meet you back here and explain everything!”
“A-Am I going too fast?” Tony gasped.
The dream was fading from his mind but he reflected on the desire he’d felt and flushed. Why does he keep dreaming this? It wasn’t right…He and Tony were friends, nothing more…
“You owe me a hundred dollars. Add it to my nonexistent paycheck,” Stark mocked, saluted them, and then blasted off.
Steve dropped his head, his lips shook with emotion and his eyes blinked wildly. Peter’s own emotions rose and he got up and rounded the counter. Steve moved with him and they met halfway in an embrace.
“Tony?!” Was he okay? He sounded like he was talking into the speaker. Was the armor back on him??
“It’s a date,” Tony replied cheekily.
Thinking of Tony, guilt coursed through him in a mighty wave. In the span of a few seconds, as he and Bucky kissed, Steve had felt something more than just a kiss from him.
Breakfast was all but forgotten as Tony stared up at Steve. He slowly yet deliberately kissed Steve’s stomach, somewhere around his mate’s bellybutton if he was guessing correctly.
Tony gasped desperately, “
Grinning excitedly, Tony leaned back against the bench, pulling Steve down with him, and stated, “You may proceed.”
He let his mind drift, thinking only dark thoughts and his stomach churned unpleasantly.
Tony stared back and watched his worst fears come true. Venom’s face melted away and Peter’s was revealed. Tony lowered his hands and Peter groggily blinked.
Quick reminder, this is an AU so characters and events will be different than the MCU and the comic-verse!
Steve glanced down at his husband and saw he wore the same glazed over look in Steve’s eyes. He must have seen the reports too.
Steve had been fighting to desperately stop his boyfriend from killing his best friend and, in the end, his best friend managed to kill his boyfriend.
Wade happened to clear his throat at this point, reminding them of his presence at Peter’s side. Flushing slightly, Peter cleared his own throat and murmured, “MJ, may I introduce you to Wade…my boyfriend and Wade, this is MJ, my best friend…”
!” Venom screeched and Peter felt its tendrils tighten around his body. Peter had enough time to hiss in surprise before being flung out of his window. They fell two stories and his Spidey Sense flared in warning but he had no time to react as he landed on a car. It collapsed and shattered glass sprinkled the air.
“Seriously?” Peter asked. “So soon?”
Steve started to accept missions from SHIELD again and Tony suddenly found his bed empty most nights.
Peter looked at the clock and groaned, “It's almost lunchtime!”
She had heard it happened to some of the more veteran assassins, especially those who have been in the program since they were young children. She’d already forgotten her real last name but held onto her first name like it was a lifeline.
at things!”
Steve’s face went as red as a balloon and he stuttered an incomprehensible reply.
Tony crossed his arms over his chest and decided it'd be best to work with one of the emotions he did know: anger. He grumbled, “Howard fucking knows who I am, so he might as well look at the reactor now and tell me what I already know. The future is clearly already fucked so what’s a little more fuckery?”
Tony had summarized Bucky’s retelling, “Okay, so one day when you two were training and you pinned her down and stole a kiss and things went ba-da bing ba-da boom from there.”
future as well.
Huh. Interesting.
Steve scrambled out of the bed and ripped off all the things attached to him. The machines in the room all started blaring their alarms shrilly. A nurse ran into the room and paled when she saw he was up.
“I could wear this and no one would think twice about it…” Peter murmured to himself.
Pops was alive.
The windows had been blown out in the bedroom as well and and the curtains fluttered loudly with a cold wind as they entered the room.
“What is it?” Steve asked apprehensively. He felt helpless on the other side of the country. Immediately, his thoughts came up with a number of dastardly villains at the door.
“Promised Stevie I’d keep an eye on you,” Bucky smartly retorted. Tony grumbled something more under his breath that didn’t sound pretty but Bucky didn’t catch all of it to make much sense of it.
“V-Very good,” Tony stumbled over the words.
She clutched the metal object in her lab coat’s pocket and questioned whether or not she should give it to the boy. Dr. Banner had spoken with Peter when he first woke up and told him everything that had occurred, including Mary’s origin and her presently helping them. She had no idea how he would react to seeing her or how he would react to the object she had kept, hidden away.
Peter glanced up to the soldier and saw a small smile on his lips. He was trying to alleviate some of his fears and Peter was surprised to feel it working. If Tony did not tell one of his closest friends about Peter then why would he tell SHIELD?
“I’m sure he’s a very nice man,” Steve whispered back, easily reading his mind.
He never paid Spider-Man much mind. He was not a part of the Avengers nor were his powers mechanical so he was not part of Tony’s field of interest.
When their gazes met, Tony's smile twitched larger and his eyes danced.
She had never been in this particular building before but James moved through it like it was his childhood home. He knew where guards were waiting or alcoves for them to hide in. There were not many bodies on this side of the building thanks to the Avengers’ attack but any that they did come across did not stand a chance.
! You are not listening to me! I just want to hold on to that one little piece of my past and you are brushing it away like it is nothing!"
“He survived the crash, was frozen, and Fury just called me to tell me he kicked SHIELD’s ass thinking they were Hydra and is now running around New York!” Tony laughed, his eyes beginning to brim with tears.
“Thanks for the vote of confidence,” Tony retorted sarcastically. He tossed his tablet on the couch beside him and pushed himself up to his feet. He walked over to the smoking Iron Man toy and kicked it lightly and whistled, “Wow, you did a number on this thing…”
Steve looked up at the moon with wide eyes. How was that even possible?? The white orb seemed so far away and unreachable.
“And we need some food,” Steve added.
“No thank you, Steve,” Tony replied with a pained expression. He wanted it so much but he did not think he could hold back. He reasoned, “We don’t want to give the paparazzi a full show now, do we?”
Tony’s changing hormones and his now constant fighting with his father factored a lot into his fluctuating nature with Steve. Some nights he didn’t want to talk to him and others he was reaching out to Steve like nothing had changed between them.
Their quickie turned into another two rounds. Afterwards, they dressed each other between frantic kisses. They made their way to the communal kitchen without breaking connection, their hands always on each other one way or another.
“Natasha, he told me himself how much he cared for you! He-He does not love me anymore! He fought the mind wipe for you!
In his very own orange jumpsuit, Steve navigated the camp, taking in all the small changes of the future.
“J, did Steve get any messages, like Clint’s, on his phone or email?” Tony demanded, thinking along the same lines as Steve as soon as he read the ominous lines. Had someone kidnapped one of the surviving Commandoes or Peggy?
To all of you who have commented since I last posted, I promise to reply to all of you over the next few days! Thank you for the patience! <3
– to break him. Bucky had to be broken over and over again, each time being fragmented down until nothing was left…
Peter quickly stepped out of his bedroom and locked the door. He yelled, “Leave me alone!” Then slammed his door closed, locking himself out of his bedroom. He jumped on the wall and crawled back onto the ceiling and went into the master bedroom, only a few doors down.
Solo’s long nails cut his arm and Solo’s attitude instantly changed. He gasped, “Chewie! I’m so sorry! I thought you were one of them! I-I…Your arm…”
“I just came from May’s, Peter stayed with her last night…but Friday said you needed my help?”
This notebook was unusually light and he opened it up to find a good amount of the pages missing from the back. He flipped through the pages and felt his eyes widen as he took in the dates his father had scribbled at the top of the pages. This had been one of his notebooks from World War II.
The man walked up to him with a crooked grin and he held the reactor in front of Tony. The stranger whispered, “You don’t know me, but I know you and I wanted you to die with my face being the last thing you see. I want you to know it was me who stole your future, not Stane.”
“You are such a tease,” Tony murmured, his voice flirtatious.
“Steve?” Tony countered, looking to Sam.
“Yes, Master Rogers.”
He went back to his research but kept the window with Tony’s image up so, when he needed to take a break, he would close everything else down and look into his fiancé’s eyes and gain determination from his strong gaze.
They were going to be leaving early in the morning. Colonel Phillips had them moving out to their next assignment. Steve had been getting the coals so he’d have one more night of a warm sleep before he returned to the thin covering of his tent and tiny sleeping bag.
Pieces could be recovered but, he’d never be whole. From what he remembered, he loved her enough that he did not want her to be tied down to a fractured soulmate…it’d be too heartbreaking.
In addition to the breathing mask, Bucky was strapped into the machine by metal bars and had several wires attached to him to monitor his health. He was slumped over and began to breath in loud, shallow gasps as if he’d run a marathon nonstop. Eventually, he caught his breath and he raised his gaze. His dark blue eyes focused on Tony through the messy fall of his hair and Tony saw no sign of his old friend in the gaze.
Peter wasn’t convinced but he didn’t push his friend anymore on the subject and instead offered to indirectly help him by suggesting, “Let’s go sit down in the corner. We haven’t really talked since…well…you know.”
When Steve moaned deeply in response, all the blood in Tony’s body rushed to his nether regions. There wasn’t a doubt in his mind that he and Steve were not going to leave that bed without making love vigorously and multiple times to release all of the pent up emotions they had for each other.
With tears starting to run down his face, Stave gasped, “I’m sorry too. If I could…” He inhaled sharply and said, “Tony, that night on the couch, I wanted to kiss you back.
Visions and hopes for their future flitted away into the desolate chasm that was forming in his heart.
The medical examiner sighed heavily and stated, “It’s not unusual for the ejaculate to be found there when the skirt is hiked up to the waist. I’m assuming Rogers did not wait for her to become fully undressed before he raped her.”
“Sir, yes, sir,” Tony’s voice rumbled and they stood so close that Steve could feel the vibrations against his skin. Steve met him halfway, his eyes closing as he did. Tony inhaled sharply before their lips touched and Steve felt the air rush past his lips before touching Tony’s.
He looked to Cable instead and asked, “What happened to all of them?”
Tony crooked an eyebrow at him and said, “What? Sorry! We’re trying to save your ass! Next time I will ask permission before I set you up and clear your name in one sitting!”
Peter grasped T’Challa’s forearm and asked, “Have you met Wade yet, you know, Deadpool?”
“What does the future hold for us, Tony?”
Needless to say, Tony came fairly quickly after that.
The source of the problem was found, an hour later, in an USB embedded into one of the secretaries’ computers at the front desk. It had leaked a virus into the Tower’s system that rebooted the Tower’s AI every five minutes. Tower-Jarvis tried to rebuild its systems every time but it took too long and by the time the five minutes were up, Jarvis was unable to send out a distress signal and was rebooted again. Power was lost to the Tower without Jarvis’s direction, as were the security systems and all the camera footage. The Jarvis unit in Tony’s suit received no distress signal so thought nothing was wrong and the virus projected a signal, mimicking an active Tower-Jarvis. The Suit-Jarvis thought nothing was wrong so gave no warnings to Tony.
than enough. But you’re just a child, Peter, you’re
“It's ‘cuz he likes you,” Steve replied, smiling warmly at the other man. It made Steve happy to know Bucky liked Tony.
All the elation and safety Peter felt since waking disappeared and was replaced with an uneasy fear. He demanded, “Where is it? Where you guys waiting for me to wake before throwing it into the sun because I don’t care about seeing it happen…I just want it gone…”
Peter rolled the word “agreeable” around in his mind for a few minutes. He picked up his head and lay it on his arms as he peered up at his uncle. Uncle Bucky was already staring at him, his eyes were studying Peter just as Peter’s were studying him. Finally, Peter asked, “Do you think she will like me?”
“Do you remember she is your soulmate?” Clint tried, his voice imploring.
“Stupid Red Man talk too much,” Hulk grumbled.
“PEPPER!” Tony bound into the room. Tony probably just reached the basement when Jarvis informed him of Ms. Potts’ arrival. He must turned right around and came straight back. Tony exclaimed, “
He could still feel Bucky’s lips on him. Steve absently rubbed the feeling from his mouth then his eyes flickered to Coulson, who was watching them with an impartial eye, then back to Tony. He had to tell Tony what happened, he would never hide this from him, but had to do it in private. Steve did not know how he was going to react but he knew it should not be done in front of Coulson. Steve reassured Tony, “I am totally healed.”
Peter’s smirk twitched wider as the ironies continued. He sarcastically replied, “The world is still spinning…”
Tony gave Steve’s cock a squeeze and the super soldier’s body shuddered and a small whimper escaped his clenched lips. Tony's own cock throbbed at the sight. Steve's expression was so hot and Tony was so ready to throw his own cock into the mix but he withheld. He wanted to cherish his fiance just right. Tony gave Steve's shaft another squeeze and slowly drew his hand up. The warming lube felt hot and tingly in his grip, he could imagine how it felt on Steve’s dick. Tony purred, “Want me to stop?”
, Stark.”
“I-I don’t know,” Harry murmured uncertainly.
A giant black plane suddenly appeared over them and Steve watch in stunned disbelief as it deftly turned and began to land straight down like a helicopter. Tony even paused in dressing to watch it and he gasped, “Please say I built that.”
“I will be back,” Steve promised and Ben carried him away. When he disappeared from view, Steve released a choked breath.
Steve’s heart leapt into his throat and he could barely breathe.
I've used some of Natasha's background from the comic book universe which is not mentioned in the movie verse!
And the most astonishing thing was, in the 21
They held each other tightly, clinging to one another closer than they ever had before.
“We’ll do that for you, Peter,” Steve murmured, apologetically.
Feeling invigorated by Steve’s smile, Tony stepped out on stage and to the cheer and applause of their audience. He let them let out their excitement and waved and blew kisses. It took them a few minutes to settle down and once the screams quietened down to a manageable level, Tony announced, “Thank you for joining me in another successful year of the Stark Bi-Annual Employee Fair.”
Steve sighed and shook his head. He wordlessly pulled his shirt over his head and dropped his sweats and boxers and joined Tony in the shower.
! And I never slept with that woman!”
Steve knew, somewhere in the back of his mind, that he was unconscious, but his current existence was so emotionally traumatizing he could put forth very little rational thought.
“Tony,” Bruce threatened.
“Hey.”
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve whispered.
“You know you love that about me,” Tony teased.
Tony informed Pepper that he needed the next couple of weeks to work on extremely intricate matters. Pepper was suspicious at first but then he promised to stay in the tower the entire time and she was pacified enough that he was not going to create a ruckus.
Tony did not answer.
He was pissed at them. They had turned his world upside down.
He shoved some bags toward him and asked, “Did they have chips in your day, old timer?”
Still looking at Tony in the faded photo, Steve agreed, “I am ready to leave 2008 a long way behind us.”
Tony clutched his heart and looked at him with wide eyes. He managed to garble, “Yeah – I mean, yes, all good.”
The dust rose into the air and floated above the body as if deciding whether or not to return to it. The air was thin and stale with age, made more so by the lack of oxygen.
Stark stood up straight and hissed, “Nat!”
Coulson’s eyes went back to the chair and his emotions churned within him fear, excitement, and apprehension all collided without any change to his outward appearance.
Steve flushed but grinned at Tony and stepped up to him, murmuring, “You’re not so bad looking yourself.”
The boys were literally jumping with excitement by the time Steve and Tony stepped into the elevator.
Tony broke the kiss and gasped, “Please tell me this isn’t temporary. That you’ll be gone by midnight because how else did you get here and without aging!”
Steve sighed heavily and replied, “Me. I am the biggest idiot out there…” He stepped away from the door and sat next to Natasha’s legs on the bed. She silently waited for him to elaborate and Steve carefully continued, “I let myself get overly involved with… our ‘make out session’…God, Natasha, who am I kidding? I loved it. And all he loved about it was fooling the paparazzi…”
“…I need to run more tests, Mr. Carter. Please, stay here, do not move.”
will want to deal with me personally if I act out of line again. It would be the perfect opportunity for the rest of you to get Steve.”
“What are we going to do? Forget story of the month, I’d be story of the year,” Peter groaned. He could already see the gossip rags bringing up the stupid clone thing again.
“Bullet,” Natasha hissed. “Now.”
“I won’t let that happen,” Steve yawned and smiled drowsily at Tony. “And if it does, just leave my side again. I think the shock of you leaving me was what woke me up before.”
Peter agreed wholeheartedly and begged for Natasha to play with him. Natasha relented and let the three-year-old direct her away.
,” Venom replied again as he always did when Peter spoke to him.
It lasted only a handful of seconds but it left them both gasping from its intensity.
Tony nodded too knowing exactly to what Steve was referring to…hell, at one point he had thought Steve was dead and the world just became…bleak.
“That is the machine that erases you.”
“…Isn’t he a little older than you?”
“Steve sounded the Code Silver alarm,” Friday stated and Tony’s blood ran cold.
“Oh please wait until I am back inside. I don’t think my eyes can take the stress,” Clint groaned.
Steve followed Tony to his lab and let the older man lead him there by holding his hand. He felt like he was thrust into a dream.
. He’s not just after you for your body. He cares for you in here,” Bucky said as he pressed his hand over Steve’s heart.
“It hurt Aunt Tasha’s feelings,” Steve murmured in explanation. He looked sympathetically up to the camera that was usually Jarvis’s eye but was currently shooting a direct video feed to Bucky. He murmured, “It is no one’s fault but it still hurt her all the same…”
“Buck, why didn’t you tell me?”
She should not risk it but…but she felt a particular tug in her chest that pulled her in the direction of the boy.
He stared at the tile under his counter and the blemishes he’d never seen in it before.
“We’ll take it a moment at a time…I’ve been doing it since I’ve arrived in the past and it’s the only thing that keeps me sane,” Tony said with a small smile. He dropped his eyes and whispered, “Thinking anymore about what may or…or what
Tony lightly sighed in relief and settled back onto his pillows.
In answer, Peter’s clothes warped and covered his body in an inky coating. Venom whispered in his ear again, “One.”
Trepidation…it was almost as bad as guilt.
Nearly every night, Tony convulsed and screams strangled his throat, made silent by his clenched jaw. His body would be drenched in sweat and, if he happened to be holding Steve when he fell asleep, his hands would claw into Steve’s flesh. His nightmares never seemed to wake him and dragged out until Steve woke him. Tony tried to brush it off at first and deny it was happening. Yet when Steve realized it was a common occurrence he demanded answers.
Tony had to get it into his head that Steve was not interested. Tony needed to find himself a Victoria Secret model and take out all his sexual frustrations out in a couple of casual hookups…then again, maybe he needed a Calvin Klein model. Tony’s flush deepened as he instantly imagined Steve wearing nothing but Calvin Klein’s signature, tight and white briefs.
Tony did not pause like he usually did to admire the way Steve’s ass clenched as he punched. There was no time for naughty thoughts about his best friend right now.
Bucky silently slipped past Tony and sat on the ground at Steve’s feet, shutting Tony up. Bucky lightly grasped Steve’s leg and leaned into him with a content sigh. Bucky’s shoulders relaxed and his entire body slumped forward.
“Yes, it builds endurance, but he is not late often. I should blame you or Tony for that,” Natasha stated, walking up to his side.
Tony squawked with outrage and hit Steve with a pillow, gasping, “I swore I’d never use that thing as a lubricant again!”
“Tony!” Steve called out to him.
Steve’s smile only grew larger as his best friend rolled his eyes at his husband.
And he knew for a fact that Peter would feel the same.
“Then who are you?”
“Tony,
He placed the gauntlet down and peered down specifically at the few notes his father had left in the wrong file. The papers were from the 1940s and had yellowed with age. Tony had thought it scrap paper when he first saw it but now he touched it with the reverence it deserved.
She pulled him into an embrace and he latched onto her. He loved Pepper but he didn't find complete comfort in her hold. It was not what he wanted. He wanted the old, familiar feel of Steve’s larger form enveloping him, cocooning him in warmth and love. He wanted Steve so badly right now. He would know what to do. He would know how to help Bucky heal…
Tony wanted to scream but he held his cool the best he could and shakily nodded. Steve put one of his hands over one of Tony’s and squeezed it reassuringly.
“The healing I can understand,” Steve said, clutching Peter a little tighter. “I heal faster. He must have inherited it from me like his strength. But the other thing..?”
Steve was there for all of it however...and he
He bit back a cry of relief and pressed the blank implant to his face.
Tony hissed when he saw his soulmate on the screen.
Peter’s brow pinch in confusion and then he looked over his shoulder to the thing moving on his back. He murmured, “Don’t worry, it’s just Venom, my bio-shield, I’m using it as my new Spidey suit.”
Tony had come up with a number of indescribable toys for Peter and Peter absolutely adored them. Steve loved to watch him play with his adamantium Avengers action figures or roll around on his steel tricycle. Thanks to Tony, Peter could play and have a semi-normal childhood.
He started to cry again, but
Peter sighed and fell back into the couch. He murmured, “No, I think I’m fine like this…”
my friend,” Tony simply stated.
“T-Take me with you!” Wade hissed, stumbling toward the couple. “I can help like I did last time!”
The cryostasis chamber was a little bigger than a coffin and there was a small window to look within. The window was scratched up and heavily iced so it was hard to see through, yet, Tony could discern Bucky’s sleeping face. He had some kind of breathing mask covering half of his face and his hair was longer, but he looked just like the man he had befriended in the early 20
“Nobody’s perfect,” Tony replied with a grin.
“Well…this is awkward,” Tony said, slightly exasperated. “You tried to save me the other night and my first assumptions are that you’re a stalker or are after my stuff.”
The particular picture from the restaurant was attached to an article titled “Tony Stark is Dating – A Man!?”
Steve all but flew and yelled, “Wait!”
The only way they could feed was if Venom was in control. But Venom was a symbiote. He was supposed to only provide his host with the additional strength of his dark body. In return, his host was supposed to feed him. By taking control, Venom was depleting strength that was never supposed to be used.
“Good Samaritan pulled over and let me in her car,” Steve gasped.
She pulled away from her gun and sat up. She pulled out her phone and her thumb hovered over Coulson’s number but she paused.
“Hey, Steve!” Tony cheerfully replied, trying to defuse the situation. Pepper would be having an aneurism by now. Probably because the welder was supposed to not be hanging off his person by its handhold as it was not designed for such purposes, but, hey, Tony was innovative. Steve, hopefully, didn’t know the full extent of its injury capabilities…
He was a different man the last time he had been there.
Steve carefully set Peter down and he crawled past Clint and to the couch he had been sitting at. He ran his hands over the soft fabric, enthralled by the cushioned material.
Tony leaned in and kissed him before he could complete the thought.
Tony was still angry, Steve could tell by his frown, but as soon as his eyes latched on Steve the frown broke as his lips parted and all the blood drained from his face.
“Goddamnit,” Steve cursed under his breath as Tony finished his rant. Forget rash, this was downright stupid.
Since Bucky had never fallen to his death in this timeline, he was by Steve’s side when he went racing after the plane with the Red Skull. Bucky was the one who tried to pilot the plane while Steve and the Red Skull fought. Steve disappeared with the Red Skull in the portal that had been opened by the Tesseract, seemingly dying with him.
Peter promised to return with a change of clothes and Wade followed him like a second shadow, happy to just be in his presence.
His mind irrevocably turned to the handful of memories he had gained and, most importantly, of Natasha.
“So you don’t need any help examining the remains of the robot?” Tony implored as he picked up one of his Iron Man gauntlets off the lab table.
Tony was already looking her up on the data base as soon as she said Romanoff. She came out clear.
Peter sat up and faced Wade with a teasing smile so he wouldn’t see what Peter wrote.
. The boy’s voice called out to his sire with intense longing. He wanted the man to save him from Venom, hold him, and make him forget everything that happened.
– you just need to stay awake. Keep your eyes open, Tony!” Steve begged, fat tears welled in his eyes. This couldn’t be happening.
He watched her also to garner as many memories as possible of her. He never wanted to forget her. He studied her so much that, when he closed his eyes at night, he could easily picture her face before going to sleep.
Steve froze and looked to his fiancé. With an exuberant gasp, Tony said, “We can buy him Iron Man and Captain America clothes!!”
Tony ran his fingers along the panes of Steve’s muscles and traced the familiar paths that he had ingrained into his very psyche. He could easily picture this back if he closed his eyes and, if he had the artistic skill, could sculpt it perfectly from memory.
Steve winced from the harshness of his voice and felt guilty for having put it there. He wanted to argue that he did it for Peter…that Tony would have done so too but then Tony sat beside him on the bed and cradled Steve’s hand on his lap. Tony looked so fragile. The tough exterior he always wore was gone and Steve realized he’d done that to him. As he thought about it, he realized he had never had gotten so hurt like this and he would probably be in the same state if it had been Tony in his place…Tony not only lost Peter…he nearly lost Steve too.
“Hello,” the man said as he held out his hand to Steve. He asked, “Are you the downed pilot?”
Peter pursed his lips and watched the reaction with a critical eye. He wasn’t celebrating just yet. They had no idea what they created. The reaction settled and the beaker was the same dark as VENOM’s original color, except, no longer as opaque.
Clint poked his head out of the quinjet just as Steve reached it and he asked, “What’s up, Cap?”
“Jarvis,” Tony growled. “Tell the rest of the Avengers it was a false alarm and the alarm was made by me messing with the system. I want to meet this scumbag by myself.”
“Eh, I’ve got ten minutes to twelve. I think I have a valid enough argument to say it’s still morning,” Peter replied with a smirk to the older woman’s back.
“He…He is a very good boy,” Tony stated lamely as Natasha stepped into the room.
“Why are you still here?”
Fury rolled his eye and shook his head, but he was smiling. Tony usually would’ve jumped on him and teased him about showing the positive emotion…if Steve wasn’t there, alive, awake, and going nowhere.
Marston leaned forward with renewed interest and said, “Oh, really? Are you having another child?”
“Sir is having a similar reaction,” Jarvis dryly commented and Steve grinned at the ceiling where the voice emitted.
Steve studied Tony for a moment and then cautiously asked, “Are you sure?”
“I know, but if I don’t divert this everyone in the city will be dead,” Tony reasoned. “Steve, I’m…I’m sorry. I…I love you, beloved.”
Steve and Tony traded dark glances and Steve’s opinion of Norman went down another peg. Scary? What kind of emotional abuse was the man putting his son through? Once this business with Mary was settled Steve need to make a sort of intervention for the Osborns.
“Yes, with the helicarriers,” Sitwell gasped. He gulped and hissed under his breath, “Oh, God, Pierce is going to kill me.”
It was just a coincidence that he and Tony shared similar features…and had the same hair color, the same eye color, the same chin, and…
“N-No,” Steve stuttered, still unnerved by Tyler’s reaction. “I-I can continue.”
“I am sorry, Sir. I am unable to connect to the server. Suit systems are returning to optimum function, but outside communication is very limited. I cannot get a reading on
“I really hope both of you do not do anything like that again anytime soon because I do not think my heart can handle the stress,” Peter stated earnestly, leaning against the foot of Steve’s bed.
Wade kneaded Peter’s slickened muscles in a gentle massage and Peter seemed to melt into his arms with a moan. Wade chuckled and moved around Peter to better dig his fingers deeper into Peter’s shoulders. Peter’s head fell forward as Wade worked his magic and Peter murmured, “I never knew you could do this…”
Tony did not correct his AI’s assumptions for his staring but he did sigh heavily to himself. In the future, the Iron Man units were connected to the larger arc reactor that powered both his home and lab. They never needed charging from his personal reactor to operate separately, especially since he mostly used the suits while wearing them. As soon as he got back to the future, the first thing he was going to do was install arc reactors in
Happy drove Peter to Wade’s.
They could just be a couple now…their future was limitless.
He whispered, “We’re doing this though, right? We’re really doing this?”
Steve bit the inside of his cheek and wrapped one arm around Tony and returned the embrace, trying to fill all his gratitude with the touch. With Peter squished between them, Peter grabbed Steve’s dog-tags to pull himself up and placed his tiny hand on the warm glow of Tony’s arc reactor. He peered curiously at the glow and asked, “Wha’s dis?”
The thought came to immediate stop. Bucky was alive but he did not remember Steve or their friendship. He was the Winter Solider now and Steve had not seen him since they had last fought, months prior. He had tried to search for him but Steve found no trace of him. Thinking of him made his heart ache. He had secretly loved his best friend but had always quashed the feelings. Steve pushed his sad thoughts aside and refocused on their discussion.
“Levels?” Steve repeated, listening in.
It hurt but, God, it felt so amazing that he barely paid attention to the pain. Once he was fully sheathed, Tony stopped moving to let Steve adjust to his presence.
Later, they lay together on the couch in his workshop. Tony was snoring lightly and Steve was running his hand through Tony’s thick hair. The smile he greeted Tony with was gone. His thoughts turned dark with Tony’s safe arrival.
“But Peter’s life is on the fucking line, isn’t it?” Brock gasped, sounding like he was seconds from hyperventilating.
Tony fell silent, staring blankly at his new suit, but his mind was in the past with his father and his obsession with the location of Cap’s final resting place.
Anyways, so after all of that, ...Is it bad that I consider this chapter the calm before the storm?
take its place. The fi –.”
Bucky continued, “
Steve nodded and they began to walk, with Tony leading the way and Steve was more or less walking beside him. People were watching them and more than one had their phones out. They were going to be the top story tonight, that was a definite.
T’Challa nodded and stepped closer to the projection and Tony's couch. He asked, “How much longer?”
Tony had a safe house tucked away in Northern New York. It was deep into the Adirondacks, in the part of the woods with no roads and access only came from the sky. He had it built on the sly to originally escape the press but now, apparently, he needed it to escape the Nazi
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve had never been brave enough to romantically love another. The men he’d been with were clearly never interested but Tony…Tony was different and his heart knew it. His brain knew it was a bad idea but his heart still foolishly longed for a connection.
Bucky’s brow was pinched tightly in confusion, but he nodded all the same and sat back down. Pepper brought in the pizza and tossed the two boxes on the coffee table in front of them. She then went to the side table and swiped the remaining vase away from Bucky. She darkly murmured, “I’m going to assassin-proof the house.
Steve pulled him into a rough hug and hissed, “Shut up, shut up,
The Chitauri collapsed around them and Steve knew Tony had done it. He’d saved them all…but…He waited with vain hope, his eyes glued to the black hole.
“And get your nose busted in again?” Tony called after the archer.
“…I saw the same look on my husband’s face and had to convince him of the same thing,” Steve stated.
Tony drew his caress back up and Steve had to adjust his step to keep from staggering. Steve was going to launch himself at Tony if he didn’t do something more. Tony’s fingers eventually paused and grasped the robe over Steve’s shoulder. Steve held his breath as the rest of the robe fell away with the pull. Steve shivered as a rush of cold air gusted over his skin.
Tony spent the rest of the night talking about Lana.
As soon as Steve had looked into his son’s eyes he loved him. Peter represented not only a different life but a family as well. When he woke in the 21
If Tony died, would Steve die with him?
Tony waited and hoped against hope that he was wrong, that Barnes would have a change of heart but the Winter Soldier did nothing. He merely leveled his cool gaze on the door Natasha had just exited and said nothing. He was probably waiting for Natasha to come back to sacrifice herself to him.
“Why?” Steve whispered before he could stop himself. His voice sounded small and sad and nothing like it usually did but he didn’t notice it.
“Tony isn’t limping! Tony fucked Steve,” Clint announced victoriously. “I win! Natasha pay up!”
Steve gave him a slight squeeze and then brushed a light kiss on top of his head. They walked the rest of the way back to the car with Steve’s arm around Tony. Since their relationship had been born in an era where such a thing was outlawed, he automatically felt a small bolt of unease when someone saw them being intimate, but it was quickly followed by a sense of relief and joy for their future. One day that uneasy feeling would be gone and he was excited for the men they would be and the deeper depth of their relationship will become.
He relaxed then smiled goofily at Tony.
The title of the story is from “The Boys of Summer” by Don Henley...or the cover by the Ataris. The version it’s based on varies upon which era you listen to it in! ;)
Steve chuckled and leaned into Tony. He whispered wishfully, “He actually remembered it. For a while there, I thought he forgot about it.”
“Why haven’t you done it yet?”
“Thank you so much for coming by on such short notice,” Steve said and Ben shook his head.
Tony opened his hazy eyes and they focused on Bucky first. He asked, “Did I finally die?”
handle anymore fakeness right now. Especially, when there were only maybe a few dozen for them to act for. He needed all of his strength for when they went outside.
“Your nanotechnology is no match for my creations, Stark,” the doctor chided. “As always, I am the better scientist, inventor, and –.”
Escaping the Tower, without notice of the paparazzi, had been anticlimactic. Tony had a secret tunnel in his an underground garage which opened up in a neighboring parking garage across the street. It was the same one Ben used every time he visited.
Bucky grasped Steve’s other arm and said, “Oh, no, no, no! You two are not going anywhere alone and in
“That…would actually be awesome,” Wade gasped, probably more star struck by the idea of wearing Captain America’s clothes than disgusted by the shape his current attire was in.
Smirking in victory, Tony watched as Steve crawled over him and then gently scooted him over. His chest flared in pain but he gritted his teeth and then released a steady breath as Steve settled next to him. His now familiar warmth sunk into his side and Tony turn his head and nuzzled his face against Steve’s.
Steve stared at him as if he were entranced and gulped, signaling to Tony he got the gist of what he was suggesting. Tony smirked wantonly at him and whispered, “Ready to learn, beloved?”
“Great to hear!” Peter's eyes lingered on Wade and MJ and his dad observed, “It looks like they're getting along.”
“Natasha,” Natasha supplied.
Cable nodded and activated the glove. He disappeared in a flash of bright light that had a short delay of a loud, explosive sound akin to lightning.
How did that get here? Had he put it there before the Ten Rings? Or maybe Pepper or Rhodey had found it when he was in captivity and, over time, had forgotten to tell him about it?
,” Steve gasped in surprise as Wade stepped into the room, finally showing himself. Steve greeted, “Hello, Wade.”
“D-Dad?!” Peter gasped, his face turning bright red at Tony’s suggestion. Tony grinned teasingly at his son whereas Steve laughed and leaned heavily into Tony’s side.
“Steven, let me buy dinner as my way of apologizing for being a total creepy tool. I know this great sandwich place right across from Malibu Lagoon. Have you ever been to that shopping center? I go there for this amazing cashew sandwich and to just marvel at this statue of hammer with a perky ass. You need to see it!” Tony laughed, getting back into the car. He sat down and looked expectantly up to Steve when he made no move to get into the car. Tony promised, “I don’t bite. I may be a weirdo but I promise I am a loveable weirdo. Have you already eaten?”
Wade lifted his head with a grin and greeted, “Hey Logan, you beautiful hairy man!”
When he was younger, he had dreamt of countless scenarios where Bucky came on to him like that and, for a moment, Steve gave into his younger self’s desires. He immersed himself back into the past and forgot all about the present and Tony… Steve rubbed his lips again and called himself all kinds of names ranging from idiot to bastard.
Peter cleared his throat as he broke his gaze away from Tony and went over to the closest couch. He sunk into the plush cushions and peered down at his feet.
Holding back his laughter, Tony replied, “Sure.”
SHIELD agents moved into a defensive formation, holding their nonlethal, electromagnetic firearms up as Vision landed in the open bay. Wade slumped out of his hold and Wanda gently stepped out of his other arm and moved her hands to drag forward Peter’s frozen body. The SHIELD agents immediately pointed their weapons at his son, making Steve clench his fists tightly. He knew they were aiming for the alien and not Peter but it was still upsetting seeing so many sights leveled on Peter.
“Tony!” Pepper yelled in the background. “Who is that!?”
Bucky looked down and murmured, “I remember you smaller and always sick…” He looked back up and said, “One of the first memories I recalled was of you was you sick…really sick, so sick I thought you were going to die. You lay in a bed, smaller than this one, and all the blankets in the apartment were on you. I was afraid the weight from all of the covers would be too heavy and you would suffocate but I was also scared that they were not enough. I thought you were going to freeze to death…I could hear the fluid in your lungs with every shaky breath you took. Your skin was so hot I thought it would melt but you shivered like you were sitting buck-naked in an ice box.”
“I’m stubborn,” Bucky reminded him. “And I love you, no matter what you say.”
“There is no need, Mr. Stark. As I said, we have this under control.”
cry. Cry like he should have after he saw Bucky fall or found out his own grisly fate. It all had built up and was finally being released. Maybe it was because he no longer had to be strong for Peggy...
“And who’s fault is that,
Steve and Tony sat nearby on a bench. Steve wore his usual glasses and baseball cap and Tony wore designer glasses, his hair slicked back, and a fake beard.
The Red Skull laughed and replied, “You are right about one thing. I would never use this on myself. But it has been tested…why do you think your old friend here has been traded around so often? It is not because of his conversation skills. He was originally Zola’s experiment and, with my blood, he was able to create another super soldier.”
Despite Bruce’s arguments, as soon as Venom reappeared, Steve planned to offer himself to the symbiote and save their son.
Tony shook his head and murmured, “I don’t know…I think I’m not in friendly hands…but they’re keeping me alive so that’s something…Let’s go back to kissing!”
“Do you think she got it?” Bucky finally broke much later that night.
He did not really notice Brock until he heard Wanda inhale sharply and Steve exclaim, “
Steve exchanged looks with Tony again and Steve replied, “Even though what happened was horrible-.” One of the worst parts in his life. “We couldn’t risk it changing…” Steve carded his fingers with Tony’s and Steve continued, “Tony could’ve died if we changed anything for the wrong…”
At that moment, he wanted nothing more than to embrace the man. With the realization he would lose him, he wouldn’t deny it anymore. He wanted Tony. He wanted to hold him, kiss him, be with him. He wanted to take back everything he said and did just to be able to see him smile again. He would change everything about himself if he could save his friend’s life.
The agents surrounding them reacted immediately, all pointing their guns in Bucky’s direction.
“Yah!” Peter said, presenting Ben his dazzling smile.
He looked from where she held his arm to her determined face.
It was only at that angle did he notice very faint veiny lines surrounding the reactor. Steve searched his memory to the first time he saw Tony without his shirt on and he was positive they were not there before. He lightly touched one and asked, “What is this?”
Tony grinned, his cheeks were starting to hurt from all the smiling he had been doing. He pointed himself to the balcony and landed. His suit was removed as he walked inside.
Steve glanced up to Tony and saw the pained emotion in his eyes. Tony squeezed his hand and reminded him, “Babe, to me, just a couple of days ago
Steve nodded and grasped Tony’s hand tightly and cupped the side of his face again and pressed a kiss onto his forehead. He assured Tony, “Everything will be ok.”
Steve nodded again and looked at his feet shamefully.
“We can’t,” Steve agreed in a hushed whispered. He would not let that happen again to himself or anyone else. Knowing the machine Tony had used was still out there was frightening enough. That was at least in SHIELD’s hands.
Peter's flush deepened and a small smile twitched at his lips. He murmured, “You have such a way with words.”
“It’s good to see you here,” Steve commented as he came to a stop beside her.
If they kept going, Steve knew they would end up having sex and, before kissing Tony, he would have protested doing so on a first date. But now that he knew how great Tony felt all he wanted to know was how much more amazing could he could be.
Tony was in this to help Steve and mess with the media. He might be attracted to Steve but he did not want to get into a serious relationship. This was all a part of the ploy for the cameras and Steve stupidly let himself believe otherwise.
“Peter!” Dad gasped in suprise, grabbing onto Peter’s waist with his good hand. Peter flinched under his touch and pushed him away. In his half-awake state, Peter thought it was Venom who was grabbing him.
“Go to him,” she whispered, patting the back of his head in a comforting way. He pushed back and met her eyes. She grasped him by the shoulders and implored, “Go to him and tell him everything. Tell him you love him and want a relationship. Go be happy, Tony.”
Barnes’ fingers twitched and, for a moment, Tony thought he was going to do it, he was going to tell them. But then his dark blue eyes snapped up and he whispered to Tony, “Hail, Hydra.”
Tony left Bucky alone as the long lost friends reconnected.
Steve reached out to him and gasped in a broken, scared voice, “
“Bucky,” Tony whispered the name Steve had used. The Winter Soldier’s eyes focused on him. “
“You keep saying that, but you don’t seem to be following our conversation,” Bucky stated, looking at Tony as if he was a crazy person. He continued, “This is a serious matter. Steve is not gay right now! Neither am I! Who are you??”
“But…” Bucky whispered, his expression stark.
Steve sighed lightly and adjusted the blanket on Tony one last time before standing up. He crossed the lab with a light tread and, when he exited, he made sure to close the door just as silently behind him.
“Don’t you dare talk like that,” Steve whispered fiercely. He madly looked around, hoping for a paramedic but the hall had cleared upon Tyler’s attack.
The inside was nicely furnished with antique furniture that looked like it had faded in the years since they purchased it. On the walls, Steve immediately spotted Mary Parker in several photos with a man who looked just like Ben’s junior. He must have been Richard Parker, Ben Parker’s younger brother.
“Was it a dream?” Peter asked no one in particular. The black mass that had totally covered his body was seemingly gone. Peter peered at his skeletal looking hands and asked, “Or am I still in a dream?”
He called Tony and, after several rings, it went to voicemail. Steve bit back another curse. As soon as the phone beeped, Steve hissed into the recorder, “Tony, call me back as soon as you get this! I can’t believe you just broadcasted your address! You’re just asking for trouble! The Mandarin is not some knucklehead villain!
Tony walked ahead of Steve and kicked a piece of rubble out of his path as he surveilled the damage that was done. He sighed heavily and dropped his head. Steve went up to him from behind and wound his arms around Tony. Steve had ripped off Tony's helmet earlier but Tony still wore his thick armor and he leaned back into Steve, making him use more of his strength than usual to help support him.
Tony buried his face in his hands and groaned, “Don't tell Peter.”
His grin widened and he hissed, “…That’s why I am happy to see you.”
Tony cupped his face and he whispered, “You saved me too. If you hadn’t shown up, I would probably still be in my lab either drinking or avoiding people…You brought me out of my shell.”
. I will be a part of the time travel saga. I get to know what kind of man my son becomes,
“That’s not going to be enough,” Tony grimly stated.
she had met him…
“There you are,” Steve murmured, taking off his goggles entirely. “Friday said you wanted me?”
“So?” Cable asked.
“I’m in so much trouble…”
Thanks for reading! I'll update as soon as possible! <3
Bucky slid into the bed and smiled at Steve’s slack jaw then settled down for the night, spooning himself to Steve’s side and wrapping his human arm over his side. It woke Steve. He placed his hand over Bucky’s, thinking it was Tony’s. But as he noticed the larger size of the body behind him and completely woke, he remembered Tony was gone and all the pain and shame came rushing back to him.
“Tony…” Steve gently murmured, cupping one of Tony's cheeks.
He spent hours mulling over it.
“Why are you doing that, Cap?” Tony asked. Steve and Bruce turned to see Tony exiting the second elevator. He must have just overheard Steve’s last comment.
dance moves,” Wade teased, making Peter chuckle.
She hadn’t been on the phone but had been talking to Bucky and she continued, not noticing Tony at first, “–better yet, it’s a really tough material, like military grade tough. So you’ll have to work hard to rip it.” She spotted Tony gaping at them and said, “Good news! I got Bucky more clothes!”
Tony stared at the suit as he rubbed the army regulated soap into his skin. It had a weird scent to it. It wasn't bad…but it wasn't nice either. Definitely nothing like the more expensive soaps he was used to in the future...
He flushed to himself and wondered what had gotten into him? Peter was not one to jump into a sexual relationship so quickly but he nearly had sex with Wade for the first time
Panzer didn’t question his move. He simply gave Tony more to work with which Tony was grateful for. It was just enough busy work to distract him from his conflicting emotions and the throbbing ache in his chest that wasn’t going away.
Wade nodded. She was right. Peter was one of the smartest people he knew. He’d find some way to escape Venom or, at least, find a way to notify the Avengers of his location. He just had to believe in him, wherever he was…
The Iron Patriot lunged at Steve and the repulsors in his feet shot him into Steve with an extreme driving force. Steve had no time to comprehend what the Mandarin wanted with him over the President of the United States as they hit the wall and it collapsed, spilling them both into the other room.
The whole reason Tony had started drinking was because he had come to this conclusion and did not know how to tell Steve.
He was in the helicarrier. Tony lay at his side, dying and not responding to Steve’s touches, and Bucky hovered over him, pointing the gun at his head.
Bucky shrugged and said, “S’no problem.”
“I’m a grandpa,” Howard gasped, clutching his heart, not noticing Tony’s discomfort. He laughed, “Tony, your mother is pregnant with you right now and I can barely cope with how I’m going to be a father nonetheless a grandfather!
“Shit…” Tony cursed. Of all the luck. Steve did not get it easy. He clasped Steve’s shoulder and said, “I’m sorry, man…If there’s anything I can do for you, please, let me know.”
. I CANNOT! I’m getting Wade and then booting you two out and then I’m going to find a way to erase all of this from my memory!” Peter spun around on his heel and right back outside.
Harry’s eyes widened then he looked pleadingly to Tony.
Peter dashed to the elevator and waved to the duo one last time before the door closed. Both of them looked so serious but waved back. Whatever they went through on their mission was still sticking with them.
What was he doing?! He scrambled up and hissed, “
Tony sighed and drew his arm around Peter’s shoulders. He stated, “With these things, one of the options is to just ignore the media. They’re freaking out right now, but if you don’t cause any scandals or give them anything to work with, they’ll go after the next story.”
Tony smirked and crooked an eyebrow as he bantered, “I think I got that vibe after I caught you checking out my ass for the second time.”
“Yup,” he replied, almost proudly.
As I was writing this chapter and because I am so devious, I realized that I can make things so much worse... so I did. >:D
If Tyler hadn’t been so obsessed with him, she wouldn’t have had a mental breakdown in the bathroom and broken the mirror, she wouldn’t have taken one of the shards and used it on Tony…
Bucky nodded and clapped his hand over Steve’s a few times before pushing himself up and off of the bed. He pointedly said to Steve, “Alright, you owe me a drink after nearly giving me a heart attack.” He then turned to Tony and stated, “And you owe me two for putting up with the both of you.”
“He also spoke to you…What’d he say to you?”
The hardest part was actually putting Peter to bed. They worked together to gently lower him into his crib and Tony whispered for Jarvis to keep playing the music in Peter’s room at a low volume.
Until then, Happy Holidays to everyone and who else is feeling the urge to gift Tony a new core for Christmas? :D
Tony suddenly grasped the side of his face tenderly and Steve stiffened instantly. His eyes snapped to Tony and saw his warm gaze had returned. He stared lovingly at Steve and Steve’s heart sang and cried all at once.
Tony stumbled back a few feet and instantly shuffled back into his personal space but he made no attempt to kiss Steve again. Steve pressed himself into the rounded wall of the plane to get any type of distance between them.
Steve and Tony jumped to their feet and immediately went to the elevator. Steve needed his shield and Tony his suit.
She let go of his collar and demanded, “What the hell is going on?
When he saw that man start to strangle Tony…His throat was already turning a ugly color and was probably going to be spouting some nasty bruises later. What worried Steve most was a deep cut in his neck left by one of the hooked fingers of the robot tentacles. The nanobots were already on it, stifling the bleeding and frantically crawling all over it.
. For your son’s sake, please be cordial and try to get to know the man.”
Tony looked up at the two nurses and then back to the double doors. He dropped his head and murmured, “Take me back to my room.”
“It’s part of the job, kid,” Tony murmured sadly from Steve’s side.
They broke apart with guilty smiles but both slyly glanced at each other from the corners of their eyes. Pepper and Coulson went over the particulars to the event itself and Tony did not hear much of the details as Steve had dropped his hand between them and Tony did the same. Steve carefully reached out to him and threaded his fingers through Tony’s.
Steve’s voice trailed off but Jarvis easily guessed what he was asking, The AI stated, “It is the combined forces of the Goblin and Venom.”
“Imagine it away?” Steve suggested and stepped forward to cross the little distance there was between him and his soulmate. Steve cupped his face and Tony leaned into his touch.
"Howard..." Peggy sighed.
Wade flushed more and Peter smiled teasingly at him. Peter sat down, putting his full weight on Wade’s lap and he wound both arms around the back of Wade’s neck. He murmured, “Let me guess…You wanted to frame one? We should put up some pictures of us in my room at least…”
Steve mutely nodded, not trusting himself to speak properly.
When New York was on the horizon, one crewmate grabbed him and brought him to the bow of the ship. The Statue of Liberty was still standing proudly before the city, welcoming all the travelers to her shores. Steve smiled at her like an old friend. At least one thing hadn’t changed. The cityscape, however, had grown up into the sky. In his day the largest building in the world was the Empire State building but now it was dwarfed by the tall, glass behemoths that surrounded it.
“So, Steve?  Would you wanna come over for dinner tomorrow night?” he asked, shooting Tony some new variation of his
"Only if you promise to stick close to one of us, buddy, yeah?" Dad finally said. "No going off on your own, you got that?"
"Yeah," Gwen said grimly. "Both last night and this morning."
"But it was still a blow," Steve said softly as he squeezed Tony's hand.
"Perfect," said Steve. "Go on and get your stuff, okay?"
Tony's eyebrows knitted together as he reached for one of the waters, stifling another cough. "Honey, we've talked about this. I need to—"
"Talk to you tonight?" she asked.
"You're so beautiful," Steve whispered as he crawled up over Tony and gently removed his glasses, his lust-blown blue eyes sweeping across Tony's face and body. "Gods, Tony, I love you so much!"
Clutching his side, Peter crawled up to the prison and dropped down to the ground next to it, tipping his head back as he sucked in air. It was highly likely that whoever was in charge of the place had already been alerted to his presence, so he knew that whatever he was going to do next had to be done quickly if he hoped to get Papa out of there before reinforcements arrived.
Peter shook his head, grimacing as he remembered how grumpy Papa had been the night before. "No, I think it's more that the doctor's just being extra careful. I'm sure he doesn't want to be remembered as the guy who botched Captain America's broken foot after Dr Cho personally asked him to fix it. And I also think that Papa didn't really want to admit how messed up his foot was in the first place. I mean, I saw all of the X-rays and I saw how awful it looked before the surgery started, and I still can't believe he could even stand on it when I first found him in that prison, much less take steps with it."
“Shit!” Tony exclaims.
"You didn't scare me, Dad," Peter said, rather petulantly. "I'm just… glad you're okay."
Tony shrugged as he crawled under the covers next to Peter, snuggling up as close as he dared without waking him. "With Pym, I s'pose anything's possible. But as long as Phillips doesn't need you to do something about it right this second, I suggest that we go to sleep before we both just keel over. Yeah?"
—sweetheart, I just don't know how to make it
Tony's shoulders sagged in a heavy sigh. "Fine," he said reluctantly. "But only if you promise to wear those red silk pants that I love."
"Okay, JARVIS is right, but can you tell me what these drones will be able to do?" Steve asked warily. "Because if it's what I'm thinking, then this sounds an awful lot like Project Insight, and Tony, I'm not sure if—"
Tony watched as Steve paused in mid-chew, glancing furtively in his direction while Thor stuffed at least half a taco into his mouth and reached for another.
"It's okay, babe, that's supposed to happen," he said, trying to sound more reassuring than he felt. "The interface feels kinda weird at first if you're not used to it."
"Something like that," Steve said with a nod. He looked down at Tony's hand, trailing his fingertips down his index finger. "Once I met Peter, though, I usually couldn't wait to get to the hospital so I could see him. I limited myself to just three times a week because it was hard having to lie to my teammates about where I was going, but… I would've rather been visiting with him. He's a pretty remarkable kid, Tony."
Steve gave a nod, curling his arm around Tony's shoulders. "Yes, sir, I think—I think so." It took nearly all of his remaining strength to push himself up to his feet with Tony's help, sucking in a deep breath as he looked over at Colonel Rhodes. "Where's—where's Carol? She's not—she didn't—?"
Having them be mobile enough to follow Peter around, though, was a whole other thing. In order to cover the school from the Tower the drones would basically have to be in a low geosynchronous orbit to avoid being a hazard to aircraft, which could potentially slow their reaction time, or Tony would have to get permission from the city to station more units around the school, something he was very reluctant to do because it would require him revealing their existence to Senator Davis, and he really didn't want to do that unless it became absolutely necessary.
“Really?  Oh, that’s so awesome!” Peter exclaimed.  Steve laughed as he patted him on the shoulder, a gesture that seemed so natural for him that Tony did a double-take.
But as exhausted as he was, once Peter set down his phone he found that he couldn't go to sleep, his mind still spinning. He had a strong feeling that something had happened during his dads' meeting down in D.C. that was only corroborating what he had found in that bill, and it both worried and annoyed him that Dad and Papa still thought him too young to share whatever it was.
"Bucky!" he cried, choking against the putrid fumes as he pounded on the canopy, trying to focus in on his friend. "Bucky, can you hear me?"
he thought, half miserably, half in what he could only describe as awe.
"You're the Stark boy, aren't ya?" he asked.
"At least not yet, Captain," said Doctor List. "However, now that you have come to stay with us for awhile, I am hopeful that we have finally reached the end of our failures."
"I am glad," T'Challa said, rather firmly. "I assure you, Mr Stark, we are taking this threat very seriously. We have no desire to see harm come to any of our friends. But, as king, my first duty is to my people, and I absolutely cannot risk their safety by revealing too much, too soon."
"Sure. Everything all right?"
"Oh!" Steve murmured as he watched his little boy self and his beloved ma walk into the five and dime about two blocks from their home, the memories hitting him like a blast to the chest. The month was June, and Steve had just completed the first grade with straight A's on his report card and a commendation from his teacher on Steve's polite demeanour and attention during class. To celebrate, and at the suggestion of the teacher, Ma had offered to take him to the store for some new art supplies, as his hand-me-downs from Bucky's ma were starting to run low.
him. "I'm so glad you're here!"
"You just started a war!"
"Mmmhmm. Sure did."
"I want you to ride me," Steve said, so bluntly that Tony froze in place, his eyes nearly bulging from his head. They had been together for four years, married for two and a half, and for how often they were intimate—which was a
"Hey," he said, the smile dropping from his face as his eyes swept across Tony. "Tony? Is something wrong?"
"Your Highness," Steve said as he offered T'Challa his hand. T'Challa smirked slightly as he took it, watching as Bruce offered him a deep bow about a metre back.
"Oh, you think you're smarter than me, do ya?" he murmured, scrunching his nose as his fingers began flying across the datapad. "Well, let's just see about that, hmm? 'Cause I'm pretty sure that you're wrong. I'm one of Langara's best-kept secrets."
inside his laboratory while he was attempting to gauge the energy output from the strangely glowing cube, and it was that incident that then led to his arrest following the massive explosion that wiped out not only the main Langaran power plant and every structure and person both in and around it, but was also powerful enough to nearly level the nearby mountain.
Even more not cool. Especially since he couldn't ask for more details without giving away the fact that he was having nightmares, something he did
"Mmm, I think that's an excellent idea," Steve breathed, his heart already thudding against his ribcage. He tapped the star on his chest twice, watching in awe as the nanites began to flow back into the small device, leaving him standing in the undersuit that Tony had designed for him, one that closely resembled his cold-weather running clothes.
"Steve—"
could tolerate going that slow either. After a year spent making love only to his fist, Steve wasn't about to waste anymore time.
"I'm afraid these odds seem pretty insurmountable, Buck," he said quietly. "But that doesn't mean I'm going down without a fight."
"Okay, so, I need you to leave right now, and—"
“Now, Papa!” Peter said in a loud whisper, squeezing his papa’s hand.  “Do it now!”
Steve has missed the bronze medal by two one-hundredths of a second.
"No, it does not, Captain," Tony said. "If something happens and you end up missing that three second or so window, then the thing to do is not panic, just hang tight and wait for the next orbit. Since the power sources aren't in danger of cutting out you can theoretically stay up there for as many orbits as it takes to hit the window and come back."
“More like my entire week!” Peter said as he leaned back in his chair.  “I think you would've liked this place.  The owner seemed like a really nice guy.”
“No, they're not,” Natasha says firmly.  She takes another sip of her tea, tilting her head as she swallows.  “But… now that I think about it, the new guy in the equipment room might be more your type anyway.  I’ll see if I can find out his name for you.”
He didn't release Steve’s hand until they had arrived safely back in Tony’s office, where as soon as the door was closed and locked, Steve began to violently shake.
"You doing okay there, hon?" Tony asked once Bruce was out of earshot. He frowned as soon as the words left his mouth, reaching for Steve's hand.
"Well, it may be how it is, but that doesn't mean any of us have to like it," said Papa. "So please, little guy, don't feel like you have to hide anything from Dad and me, okay? If you're struggling, we want to know so we can help you."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Of course we're—" Green Lady started.
Tony's belly gave a swoop at the mention of Bucky, but he chose to ignore it, stamping the ugly green demon back down into the dirt where it belonged.
he still hadn’t quite grown used to those million-watt, dimple-inducing smiles being directed at him.
“Yeah, sure,” Tony said through clenched teeth.  “I got it.”
"Of course, Captain."
"That's right. I love you,
"Everything good?" Peter asked, eyeing the monitor. "I bet Uncle Bucky's anxious to get started."
Steve raised his head, his beautiful face flushed and shining with sweat as he looked deep into Tony's eyes.
Steve thinks as he slams his left arm into the water, bringing it down across his body as his right arm follows suit.  His tricep muscles feel like they’re on fire, his feet and ankles nearly numb from their efforts to propel him through the water.  It’s what Phillips likes to call the ‘wall before the wall’, that dreaded tightening up of Steve’s muscles that always occurs about twenty to twenty-five metres from the end of the race.  Steve scrunches his nose as he turns his face to his left side and takes his final breath, pulling as much air into his burning lungs as he possibly can to fuel him for the final stretch.
But instead, Steve chose to be selfish, and use Tony only for friendly companionship because he was too scared of possibly being rejected if he tried to go any further.
"Yeah, okay, but…" Peter said, shivering as that eerie, ice-cold bolt ran down the length of his spine. As if crashing down onto an alien planet wasn't bad enough, something else was about to happen.
Steve also couldn't help but notice that in addition to having the same eye and hair colour as Anthony, Peter's hands were also the same, with beautifully long fingers.
Finished with Tony's shoulders and upper back, Steve continued down to his middle and lower back, eventually reaching his ass. He took his time there, massaging it with such deep but tender strokes that soon Tony felt the pleasure building deep inside his gut, pleasure that spiked as Steve's index finger accidentally-on-purpose slipped down into his crack.
"The consultant period will last for a total of nine months, or until you're able to find other employment, whichever is earlier," Tony stated. "Now, do you have any leads on how you might translate some of your legitimate skills into a possible career, Mr Lang?"
"I don't—Nat, I can't—I can't leave him alone," Steve said softly. "I can't—"
“Yep, sounds like a plan,” he says.  “Have a good night, Steve.”
While they hadn't accomplished everything that Tony had wanted to accomplish on the trip, especially when it came to getting his hands on some of the Wakandan technology, Steve was still relieved to know that the team had a powerful ally they could call on when and if they needed them.
"Yep," answered Sam. "Just tell me when."
“Steve!” Tony said sharply, yanking hard on Steve’s shoulder.  “Steve, get the hell off of my son!”
Peter ducked his head, his huge brown eyes glancing up at Tony. "My dad taught me that was the polite way to say it."
“Here!” Peter exclaimed, immediately ducking down into his hoodie as he glanced towards the door.  He stabbed his finger into the screen, highlighting the text.  “JARVIS, right here it says that Iron Monger would supply all the capital needed to fund the development and production of these bullets, but that all assembly and shipping would take place from Hammer Industries.”  He paused, almost too stunned to continue.  “Oh my God, JARVIS, this is it!  This is proof that Obie colluded with Hammer Industries!  This is enough to get him arrested!  He violated the Economic Espionage Act!”
—son, Peter. It was Peter Quill, Gamora's lover, touching down on the plain just in time to catch her as she leapt into his arms.
"Yeah, maybe so, but honey, you wouldn't be the only one," Tony said. "In order for this to work, we would need both of the remaining space-capable aircraft up there deploying the satellites, which would mean—"
His hands trembling against the stone wall where he crouched, Peter sucked in as deep a breath as he could. Papa was trying to hide it, as he always did, but Peter had sparred with Papa enough times to recognise when he was reaching his limit, and from what Peter could tell, Papa was already so far beyond his limit that Peter was shocked he was still conscious.
Tony grinned, lighting up his entire face, and Steve couldn't help but grin back. He could never resist one of Tony's smiles.
Just like the scene in front of him had been only a few days before the attack at the lake.
Lang practically collapsed in relief. "Oh, thank you. Um… after what happened, I'm not sure if he'd even wanna talk to me again, and—"
Tony draped his arm across Steve's waist, burrowing closer as he closed his eyes and breathed in his husband's intoxicating scent, ivory soap and the slight hint of vanilla that always seemed to seep from his skin. Whoever thought that the plain, ten-cents-a-bar ivory soap could smell so damn good?
"Okay, okay, I don't need to know anymore about that," Steve said quickly. He grabbed his leather jacket from his locker and slipped it on, sliding his small sketchbook and a pencil into the inside pocket and hoping against hope to make his escape before Bucky decided to share any further details about he and Sam's sex life.
And it hadn't taken him too long to figure out why. Technically, before the semi-enhanced villains started showing up, the Avengers hadn't ever lost a battle. They had won the Battle of New York against the invading Chitauri, thanks in large part to Tony's self-sacrificing flight with the nuclear rocket through the open space portal. They had also won the Battle of the Triskelion and the battle down in the Miami bunker against Stane and Killian, but Steve couldn't honestly say that the team had actually won any of their fights since then. At best, they had only achieved stalemates.
Tony scoffed. "Ah. You're making it sound like I raised him from the dead or something."
Guilt hit Steve like a blast to the chest. Tony had enough of his own demons to deal with already, as well as Peter's. He didn't need any of Steve's adding to them.
“Morning, Nat!” Steve calls back.  “Has it been a good one yet?”
"You are quite correct, Captain," replied JARVIS. "At the risk of sounding presumptuous, I believe I know better than to interrupt during your… private times unless it was absolutely necessary."
"Sure, bud, I'm sure Thor and Bucky are hungry. Oh, and Papa too."
And he absolutely
"Look, I know what you're thinking, and honey, you can wish all you want, but it's just not gonna happen. Not with—well, it's just not, okay? Just get back here, yeah? Pete misses you."
Whenever he refuses to admit that serum or not, he’s still human, and therefore will make the occasional mistake.
Peter said as he quickly saved the document to the new laptop and selected the next file on the list, breathing in a deep breath as he allowed his eyes to relax. Once again, the encoded text of the file morphed into actual legible words, with Peter's fingers flying so fast over his keyboard that he had to be careful not to press down too hard and break it.
Dad let out a sigh, one so heavy it probably would've knocked him over if he hadn't been sitting down.
"I think you've been hanging around Peter a bit too much there, Buck," Steve said, chuckling as he started heading towards Tony's lab, and the landing pad next to it that housed their Quinjet. The three of them had just stepped through the outside doors and onto the pad when the sky suddenly lit up with one of the brightest bolts of lightning that Steve had ever seen, causing him to cry out as he brought his shield up to cover his eyes. Behind him, he heard Bucky swear, cursing one of the local weathermen or something when all the hair on the back of Steve's neck suddenly stood up.
"I just need you, sweetheart," Steve said. "Just you."
"Wow! That's incredible!" he exclaimed as Peter proudly showed him his completed drawing, which was so richly detailed that it appeared almost lifelike. "You have such a natural talent!"
"Get! Off! Of! Me!" Peter cried as his free leg flailed wildly, finally connecting directly with the sand monster's head and sending him flying out towards the water, his bellowing roar as he splashed into the ocean echoing across the foggy island. Peter winced as the water literally tore the man apart, guilt piercing his heart.
"Tony—"
"He is indeed, Master Peter," JARVIS said. "Please be advised, Captain Rogers has asked me to remind you that you are supposed to be returning to the Tower. Mr Wilson and Sergeant Barnes are currently in the process of coordinating with the rest of the team."
"What? No! That can't be possible!" Peter exclaimed. Even the thought that the Avengers could actually lose was horrifying.
"Okay, but what do you mean JARVIS couldn't tell them what the drone fired at? Didn't the video archive show anything?"
"Daddy,
Peter let out a hard shiver as terror hit the forefront of his mind like a crashing freight train. "Yeah. And I promise I'm gonna talk to my Uncle Sam about it. Just… not right this second, okay? I just… wanna enjoy being here with you."
"I don't think experience really matters here, Stevie," said Bucky. "If you know, you know. It's really that simple. You might wanna mention it to your ma one of these days though."
Leaning closer to Gwen, Peter reached for his phone in his back pocket. "How 'bout I take a picture of us, hmm?"
"Just give me a second, hon," he called as he socketed something into place, punctuating his words with a muffled cough. "Just gotta get this tightened, and…" He poked his head out, letting out a soft groan as he wiped a smudge of grease from his cheek. "What's going on? Is Pete okay?"
"Yeah, that's a good one." Tony set his coffee and one of Steve's homemade bagels down on the kitchen table, smearing it with some cinnamon cream cheese as he spread out his work. In addition to promising that he would come to bed every night, Tony had also promised Steve that he'd do better about eating during the day, and so far he felt that he had done pretty well.
"But that's what a good parent does," Steve whispered, sniffing as a tear rolled down his cheek. "A good parent puts their child's needs and wants above their own."
Apparently not even a universe-threatening battle could keep Gwen from going to study at Oxford for the summer.
"Mmm, I don't think Gwen likes roses all that much though," said Peter, wrinkling his nose. "Maybe I should just stick with tulips or daisies or something, and then get one of those little teddy bears to go with it? Do you guys think that sounds okay?"
"Look up any changes to your programming matrix made by Quentin Beck and display."
"Sounds good, buddy," Tony said. "You got all your homework done?"
“And in first place, coming in at world-record time,” the announcer says.  “Steve Rogers of the United States of America!”
"So, you seen anyone else lately?" Peter asked.
Peter's eyes dropped, filled with worry. "Yeah, I did," he murmured as he buried his face in Steve's chest, his skinny arms tight around Steve's waist. "Just… please, Papa, be careful. Please? Promise you will?"
"Yeah, I guess…" Steve trailed off as he noticed his wedding ring sitting on the bedside table, next to his water cup. Bruce must've had to remove it before setting his fingers. It was very unsettling for him to see it anywhere besides on his finger, as the last time he'd had his wedding ring taken from him had been when HYDRA took him prisoner.
Anguish suddenly bubbled up from Steve's gut, stoked by an accompanying rush of anxiety, and he ducked out of the room, leaning against the wall in the hallway so Peter couldn't see him. The last thing he wanted was for Peter to see that his papa was as scared as he was.
"Gamora is there!" exclaimed Mantis, pointing at the portal. "Just like the wizard said!"
"Oh," Peter said, even though he didn't quite understand. No matter what Uncle Bucky said, it still didn't make sense that Uncle Sam wasn't there. The only time Peter had seen Uncle Sam anywhere other than at Uncle Bucky's side was when he'd gone to get him food.
A second later Pepper's pretty face filled the wall monitor. She was sitting at the grand desk in her Stark Industries office surrounded by what appeared to be personnel files, twisting a pen in her hands and looking rather harried.
Dad winces.  “Ahh, any chance we make it five instead?” he asks.  “Four’s pushing it a little for me most days.”
"Wow," Tony said under his breath.
It’s why he’s even here in the first place.  Because he refused to quit.  Even when everyone from Ma to Phillips to his old college teammates were telling him that he should.  That he needed to put his health first.
"Yeah, my dad should be here soon too," said Gwen. "Do you mind if I walk out with you?"
“Yeah, J, I’m fine!” Tony practically squeaked.  “I just…”  He drew in a slow, deep breath, pressing his palm to his chest.  It wouldn’t do to get ahead of himself here.
"Yeah, yeah, I get it," muttered Peter.
Davis cleared his throat. "You stated that the rules for the Avengers as a team are created by the team itself, is that correct, Captain?"
"Oh, yeah? Well, pardon me if I don't give a damn what you think!" retorted Dad. "And we wouldn't even need the goddamn ship if Professor Snape here would just teleport us there instead!" Freeing his right arm, Dad picked up a small rock and tossed it in Dr Strange's direction, glowering as it hit some sort of personal deflection shield and bounced harmlessly away.
"Yeah, I know," answered Steve, his lips brushing along Tony's temple. "But that doesn't mean I'm not going to anyway."
Steve gave a nod, breathing in deep, ragged breaths as he listened to the comforting sound of Tony's heartbeat soothe his frazzled nerves. It was a bit funny, he'd always thought, that both he and Peter could be on the verge of an anxious breakdown, and Tony's first instinct with them both was always to bury his fingers into their hair and rest their ear against his chest so they could hear his heartbeat. Tony had told Steve a few times over the years that when Peter was a baby it'd been the only way he could get him to sleep, and lately Steve could understand why. The sound was almost magical, and nothing else could chase the demons away faster.
"I mean, have you seen those arms of his?" Betty said. "Especially when he swings his hammer and the lightning comes out? I mean, they're like,
"That's not all that surprising though, when you think about it," said Uncle Bucky. "They've been gone for over a week and haven't even gotten to talk to you everyday. It's bound to make 'em a bit jittery."
"Me too," Peter said, sniffing. "And I wanna get home too. But we're not gonna get anywhere if we just keep yelling back and forth."
, even as he enjoyed having mock-lightsaber fights with Peter during their frequent bonfires.
“Gentlemen, I must insist that we get going,” Thor says, still dangling awkwardly from his tether.  “This is not exactly the most comfortable of positions, and—”
Steve smiled proudly as several of the other committee members nodded in agreement, tilting their heads together to share their own stories of the legends of Captain America. Tony watched as Senator Davis's expression morphed into something that could only be described as murderous, only for a second or two before he was able to regain his composure.
"I suppose I can do that," Steve said after a short pause. He pecked the tip of Tony's nose before reaching down over the side of the bed for their discarded t-shirts, handing Tony his. "I'll meet you in the lab, okay?"
Tony nodded as he stepped back, allowing Steve to take his turn. His throat tightened as he heard the two of them softly whispering, with Steve reassuring Peter several times that he would make sure Tony was okay.
"Yep," Tony said. He tilted his head up to meet Steve's lips, grabbing onto his face when he tried to pull away too fast. Steve was dressed in Tony's favourite blue t-shirt—the one that exactly matched his eyes—and with his blond hair still damp from his shower combined with the brown leather jacket slung casually over his arm, Steve Rogers was the absolutely picture-perfect example of perfection in human form.
"Take him, honey," Tony ordered as he transferred their unconscious son as quickly and carefully as he could. "He's got a lot of water down in his lungs."
And as always, I can’t wait to see what you guys think!  Please don’t forget to hit the kudos button, and drop me a comment!  💖
What Tony now had to decide was if his love for Steve would be enough.  Both for Steve, and for himself and Peter.
And the best part was, neither did Tony. Even with all of Tony's previous experiences and partners, he never failed to tell Steve that he was the best he'd ever had, and every action that followed only proved his words multiple times over.
try and pull that bullshit chivalrous nonsense again, 'cause I have already told you multiple times that it's not a goddamn option, so there's no point in you wasting your breath—"
"I know, honey," Tony whispered back. "I love you too."
"And I'll go and make you some food, okay, little guy?" Steve said as he sat up on the bed. "What sounds good to you?"
For about three seconds the entire Control Room was so quiet that Tony could hear the thud of his own heart, until Cameron Mitchell suddenly let out a shriek so ear-splitting that Tony was shocked the windows didn't shatter.
here, Bucky," protested Sam. "C'mon, man, get it right, will ya? For once?"
And as always, I can’t wait to see what you think!  Please don’t forget to hit that kudos button and leave me a comment!  💖
"Not as of yet, sir. I will of course continue working on it."
"God, please don't ever leave me," Tony said before he could stop himself. His eyes went wide as his lust-addled mind caught on to the fact that he'd just voiced out loud one of the fears that haunted him the most, during those deep, dark hours of the night when he couldn't sleep.
the Avengers aren't exactly like other peacekeeping or law-enforcement organisations, are we," Steve said in his Captain's voice. "And since we are also a private organisation, then the onus falls to us to make the rules by which to best operate our team. And dare I say,
He could not allow himself to do that.  No matter who was responsible for his abduction, he simply could not allow them to even entertain the thought that he was breakable.
“Yeah, well, that’s university politics for ya,” grumbles Natasha.  “Don't replace something until after it’s fallen apart.”
"Oh, that's good," Steve said. "You've been so good for him, Sam. He's very lucky to have you."
"All right," she said. "I think we're good for now."
Stark, and Dr Banner."
She was going to be so proud of him. And all it had taken was a simple alien invasion.
"You have me," Steve said. "All of me."
Whether or not they would turn out to be effective plays, Steve had no idea. Hence the majority of his frustration.
He’ll do it, though, because he doesn't want to be caught empty-handed again.  The one time he ran out, about a week after his surgery, he was in absolute misery until he could get his hands on another bottle, which he was forced to purchase from the student bookstore at three times the price.
"You know Uncle Bruce is even clumsier than me, right?" Peter said. "Like, poor DUM-E can barely keep up with how many coffee cups he's managed to break in my dad's lab, and—"
With another
Not exactly what Peter would call intense, especially given Dr Strange's ominous warning.
echoing across the frozen lake as the split widened, but only barely.
"JARVIS," Steve said as he turned to avoid yet another missile. "Are we still good on our exit points?"
Peter let out a heavy sigh. "Well, it's a start, at least." He tugged gently on Uncle Bucky's hand. "Now c'mon, my dad's waiting for you."
, twice over the summer, a book that Uncle Bucky and Uncle Sam had also enjoyed.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Like this afternoon, after practise?" Peter asked with a rather sly grin. "I doubt she was just hanging around at the school just 'cause she felt like it."
"Well, that's just too damn bad," said Tony, rather triumphantly. "'Cause at the moment I don't see that he has a choice."
Uncle Bucky snapped from the gurney he was lying on.  He was hooked up to so many tubes and wires that Peter could barely make out his face, which was almost as pale as the stark-white hospital bedding.
"Stand by," JARVIS said as the camera slowly zoomed closer. Peter's heart started to thud as the sharpening pixels revealed the dark grey outline of a building the size of most hockey arenas.
to me about something that's really important, and that's not something that good relationships are usually built on."
yelled Tony, his heart lurching when Peter flinched and clapped his hands over his ears. He immediately reached for him, tucking him against his chest. "I'm sorry, bud. I just—" He broke off, unable to finish the sentence.
"Yeah, I know, but I've already got somewhere else to be," Steve said. He bit down hard on his lip, his fingers tapping impatiently on his leg. He was in a good mood, and very eager to get to the hospital to see Peter since he hadn't been able to see him the day before. "Maybe tomorrow?"
"Это не работает," one of the Winter Soldiers said to Stane. "Он борется с этим."
"Shh, sweetheart, it's okay," Steve whispered as he kissed Tony's forehead, brushing his thumb along his cheekbone. "Go back to sleep."
"Yeah, well, tell her I said hi next time you talk to her, okay?" said Carol as she glanced at the timepiece fastened around her wrist. "I'm already late to meet James."
The fact that he could barely stand to even look at Steve at the moment wasn't helping anything, but the sight of the immense pain and self-loathing in his husband's blue eyes was just almost too much for Tony to handle. Absolutely none of this was Steve's fault, but Tony knew that there was no way that Steve would see it that way because if their roles were reversed, neither would he.
Steve kept his eyes on Tony's palm as he breathed in and out, slowly and deeply, studying the lines and creases and calluses as he tried to keep a lid on his erupting emotions. His palms were sweating, his heart was thudding madly against his ribcage, and he could feel his panic demon attempting to punch and kick through the mental shields he had set up with Sam's help, trying desperately to break free.
Swiping the sweat from his eyes, Steve bent down to pick up the shield, placing it back on its shelf. Then he stepped back, sucking in a deep breath as he made a feeble attempt to talk himself out of what he was contemplating.
“Uh huh!” Peter squeaks, quickly clearing his throat as Dad chuckles.
"What Scott told us is that two already pretty fucked-up guys got even more fucked-up," Tony stated. "But… I do get what you're saying. Based on the trips we've already taken, I'm pretty sure we'll be able to nail down the exact spot in the next few or so."
Papa shot Dad a look, one of those looks that could convey any of about a zillion different things, depending on the circumstances. This time it was determination, appreciation, and most of all, adoration.
Steve had instantly broken into tears, practically leaping to envelope Peter in such a careful but intense hug that Tony had barely been able to contain his own tears. Watching his boys—
Bucky glanced over at Tony, who waved a dismissive hand. "You know it's fine with me, Pete, as long as you're done with your homework."
"Yeah? And what is it?" asked Tony. He didn't really feel like tracking down a pair of his glasses at the moment.
The fact that he felt like he was already falling for Anthony only muddied the waters even more.
"I just got one of those damn tickles in my throat, honey. It's nothing," Tony muttered as he gulped down another drink of water. "And I didn't sleep down in D.C. 'cause you weren't with me. And 'cause Senator Stern is a first-rate asshole."
❤ = you wish you could kudos again
"You can head right to bed when we get home if you want, little guy," he said, in that kind, fatherly voice that he always used with Peter. It never failed to amaze Tony how complex Steve was, how he was so much more than just the persona that the public saw, the symbol they knew as Captain America. There was his Captain's voice that he used in the field or when giving instructions to the team, there was his polite-but-cool voice that he used with members of the press or people he didn't know well, there was the sweet-but-firm fatherly voice that he used with Peter, with more emphasis on either the sweet or the firm depending on the situation, and then there was what Tony loved to call his bedroom voice, that low, husky voice he reserved only for Tony that could get his blood racing in about zero point two seconds.
"I promise I won't," he repeated after a few sips of water. "I'm really good at keeping secrets."
"And we will figure it out, 'cause it's us, and that's what we do," Tony added. "Right?"
Since the dinner with his ma, Steve and Tony had been working almost nonstop trying to put the finishing touches on their plans. Along with spending almost twenty-four total hours building the containment vessel for the tesseract, which was now under guard, Tony—with Peter's help—had also designed and built a set of what he called scramblers, small machines that when strategically placed, would neutralise any possible government listening devices that happened to be hidden around Ma's house. Knowing that Peter and Bucky and Sam would be able to speak freely while at Ma's was a big load off of both Steve's mind and Tony's. The last thing that Peter needed was more to worry about while Steve was out in space.
Peter shook his head, licking his dry lips as he burrowed further down into his hoodie.
But he didn't dare allow himself to sleep just yet.
"Um… yeah?" Peter said with a grimace. "That's pretty much how it is."
If anything, meeting Tony Stark in person had only reinforced Steve’s position that he was doing things the right way.  Because if he wasn’t, there would've been no way he would’ve allowed himself to become as enthralled with Tony as he now was.
"Yes, I know, but—!"
It would’ve been so much easier for Steve to continue to justify his hatred for the man if Tony had been anything like he’d been expecting.  If he had shown up dressed in one of the five-figure, perfectly tailored suits and fancy pairs of sunglasses that he’d worn in all of the Stark Industries promotional photos and videos that Steve had seen way too many times.  If he’d had that aloof look plastered on his face that so many wealthy people wore when they encountered people who weren’t, like they weren’t even worthy to be breathing the same air as Steve was.
"Yeah, you're probably right."
"Sorry."
"Good afternoon, Colonel," Tony said, barely concealing his smirk when Phillips snapped awake, glowering in Tony's direction. "From the sounds of it everything's been going fine up there."
There was a pause while Tony contemplated Gamora's words, trying to force his muddled mind to think rationally. Obviously Thanos hadn't tried to kill Gamora and Quill and their two weird compatriots or they wouldn't be standing there. But the big question was why.
, Mr Stane, are burning up!”
The soap back in hand, Tony tipped his head back, closing his eyes as the hot water rained down over him and letting out an almost embarrassing moan as it pelted against his shoulders and neck, the muscles there so rock-hard that Tony could almost hear an audible
As long as nothing weird happened, Peter’s finger would eventually be as good as new.  His heart, on the other hand…
, but had also found the best partner and son a man could possibly ask for.
Peter gave him a short nod. "Uh huh. Thank you."
“Pardon me, Captain, but I am not currently interested in joining a conversation regarding your petty human linguistics!” Thor shouts in between massive swings of his hammer.  “Perhaps once we have retrieved the Tesseract?”
"Very well," replied the chairman.
Maybe once Steve has his life back in some semblance of order, he can start to think about it.
"No, Papa, it's really me," Peter managed past the huge lump in his throat. He had tried not to imagine how badly Papa would be hurt by the time he found him, but this… this was so much worse than he'd dared to conjure up in his worst nightmare. His hair and beard were overgrown and matted with sweat and dried blood, there wasn't a single millimetre of his exposed skin that wasn't covered with a bruise or scrape, and judging by the stiff way Papa was lying in his arms, he likely had a multitude of broken bones as well.
He'd already begun to think of Steve as his second dad, but to hear someone else say it like that, like he'd always been… that was a bit different.
Scott shook his head as he stuffed the rest of the sandwich half into his mouth. "I'm pretty sure it was somewhere in the middle of Kansas. Or maybe it was Nebraska? I can't be sure, you know those flat states in the middle there all kinda look the same. I was trying to just drive straight through, but then I got to the point where I started smelling colours, so I thought it'd be best to pull over for a bit."
"Incoming," came Clint's voice over the comm. Not three seconds later, he dropped down from the arms of one of Tony's reconnaissance suits about ten metres away, unsheathing an arrow before he'd even skidded to a halt. "Might wanna step back there, Tony."
That caused Steve to snap his head up, his eyes narrowing. "You mean that I'm not?"
Tony whips his head around, his brown eyes so full of hurt and remorse that Steve can’t hide his sharp intake of breath, guilt hitting him like a blast to the chest.
"Well, if there was one database like that, then who's to say there wasn't more than one?" said Peter. "And if the bad guys had access to whatever Dad had on his computer, then they could've programmed some command into JARVIS to tell him to turn off as soon as Papa activated the tesseract."
"Me either," Tony said. "Sleep well, buddy. I love you."
The soothing sound of waves lapping against the beach slowly pulled Tony from the deepest sleep he'd had in months, maybe even years. Against his usual instincts, Tony allowed himself to awaken slowly, his limbs deliciously heavy and his mind at peace, something he'd once feared he would never experience again.
"Just tell me what you need, and I'll make sure it gets done. Okay?"
And Tony loved every single second of it, just like he knew Peter did as well.  Peter was everything that was good and decent in the world, and he deserved to be loved by as many people as possible.
"No need to thank me," she said. She nudged him with the glass again, holding it steady while he swallowed. "Here, now take another. That's right."
"It's just like what happened with Uncle James, Dad," said Peter. "Remember when they wanted to dump him too? He told me that Colonel Phillips almost lost his job trying to convince the government to keep him on, and that's just not okay. To cut off a person's access to treatment just because he can't fly anymore, or to kick people out of the Air Corps just because someone doesn't see them as useful anymore, it's just not right. And it's got to stop."
"Steve, I don't know," Natasha said, rather impatiently. "But it's at least worth a shot, don't you think? If Fury was trying to contact someone he believed might be powerful enough to help us, then we definitely need to see it through."
She was cut off by a knock on their front door, a loud, rather insistent pounding that did not at all seem like someone who was just dropping by to call. Gulping, Howard drew Maria behind him, aiming his handlamp at the floor to light his path through their darkened home towards the door.
"No, that's not what I meant," Grandma whispered. "A strong heart means that you’ll never quit. That you'll stay with it until the end of the line." She smiled down at him. "Before the serum Steven was never physically strong, but he more than made up for it with his heart. And I can see that very same strength in you."
I screwed up so bad!  I should’ve never left you like I did, that was not the right way to handle that at all.  I love you, and Pete loves you, and we both wanna help you get the help that you need.”
"Well, I might've been inspired to try and look my best on this fine autumn afternoon," Tony whispered back. "You know, something 'bout a once-in-a-lifetime special occasion, or so I heard."
Silence fell across the classroom, as it usually did whenever a question like that was asked. Not too surprisingly, Gwen raised her hand about three seconds later, clearing her throat.
“At present, there are currently five outstanding military contracts that have yet to be fulfilled,” JARVIS began.  “One involves the Jericho missiles, of which we have delivered three of the requested nine units.  Three other contracts for various small arms and ammunition will be fulfilled with orders scheduled to be shipped within the next two to three weeks, and the final contract will be fulfilled following three more shipments of the rifles currently housed in the upstate warehouse.”
"It's just not the same, Peter, okay?" Uncle Bucky snapped. "It's not—I can't even hold him the same way anymore!"
"Ohh," Tony said, smiling widely now. "You are on,
"But I already did!" whined her brother, holding up his soaking wet hands that were still covered in smudges of dirt. "See?"
"Hey, I have never claimed to be Bruce Banner, okay?" Clint said. "So there is absolutely nothing wrong with me not understanding their goddamn theoretical trigo-calculus, or whatever the hell it is that they're doing."
"I'm better now, hot stuff," Tony said, rising onto his tiptoes for a kiss. Then he stepped back, narrowing his eyes. "But why'd you ask me that?"
"Okay, well, I think Betty's waiting for me, we're gonna go get some ice cream," said Ned as the other students headed for the exit. "So I guess I'll see ya tomorrow?"
"More like the worst kind," grumbled Tony. "You heading back already?"
"From what we can tell, Raxton was Smythe's research partner," said Bruce. "But according to this document, apparently Smythe got cold feet when he was ordered to run an experiment that he didn't agree with, so he tried to resign."
"Good," answered Steve. Then he stood up, offering Tony his arm. "Shall we?"
"It feels horrible."
"Oh, wow," Peter said, wincing. "That's like, really awful!"
"Christ, baby, you're so good," Tony breathed as Steve rid him of his t-shirt, pressing his palm gently over the starburst of scars covering Tony's heart, framed by Steve's dog tags. Tony liked to joke that they were his battle scars, remnants left behind from the arc reactor that had kept him alive for over three years, ever since he and Peter were kidnapped in Afghanistan.
But as Steve had watched the scene unfold in front of him, his stomach in knots and his foot aching in sympathy, knowing that that was the point when he'd felt that all hope had been lost, that his beloved husband truly believed that he'd turned HYDRA and that he would never see his son again, as if in a dream, Peter had suddenly appeared, attempting to rescue him.
Steve's eyes burned with the tears he'd been desperately trying to contain as he looked down at his sweet boy, all pale and bruised and so, so small in the huge, stark-white hospital bed.
"As am I," said Nebula.
And then he was shot again during the whole Project Insight mess, which led to Bucky coming to stay at the Tower while the team worked on trying to deprogram him, a process that Steve was convinced would not have been successful without Peter's calming influence.
"Never!" Steve cried, raising his shield in Tony's direction. A heartbeat later Tony planted his feet and fired his repulsors at the shield, gritting his teeth as Steve directed the beam at Thanos. But just like the axe, Thanos deflected it easily with his blade, blasting away several of his own Chitauri warriors in the process.
Tears sprang to Tony's eyes without warning, and he huffed, quickly blinking them away. Mr Jarvis had been dead for almost half Tony's life already, and while there still wasn't a day that passed where Tony didn't miss him, he couldn't afford to get all weepy-eyed and sappy about him now. Not when the fate of Peter and everyone else in their country was at stake.
“No!” Papa cried from the chair as an earsplitting
"Uh huh. Love you."
"These people are just
"Yes, Spider-Man," Peter answered, clearing his throat. "If somewhere down the line this Spider-Man happened to officially join the Avengers, would your opinion of him change?"
"Yeah, okay, but we don't need to talk about that right now either," Steve said. He drew in a deep breath, trying to maintain some semblance of composure. He, Natasha, and Clint had arrived at the Tower in the Quinjet just in time to witness Tony being tossed out of the penthouse window, and Steve had nearly had a heart attack at the sight.
"Oh, really? Things are really that bad, hmm?" Tony asked, his beautiful lips curling into a soft, rather cheeky smile. "So then, where are we headed after this one,
"Very well, Captain, continue," said Davis.
"Shh, honey," Tony whispered. "If it helps at all, I'm just as scared. I've had to watch Pete battle some pretty serious stuff in his short lifetime, but that coma down in Miami, that was the worst of it. If you hadn't been there with me, well… let's just say it wouldn't've been pretty." He pressed a kiss to Steve's forehead, suppressing a shudder at the awful memory. "But all that being said, I still think we're gonna have to let him do this. If Bucky goes through with the test and it's successful, our fear won't be a good enough excuse to say no."
"Don't worry about that now, hon," Tony said gently. "Let's just get you fixed up first, yeah?"
"Thanks, Dad!"
"In fact, I'm getting pretty antsy to experience some more of your Stark charm," he whispered in Tony's ear, earning a soft moan that went straight to his crotch. "How much longer are we supposed to stay out here?"
Peter's belly gave a hard swoop, and he squeezed his eyes closed, trying to take the deep, even breaths that Uncle Sam had taught him. It had been a few weeks since he'd been forced to recall
"Yes, but I believe we've asked you a question," Steve said firmly. "Who are you?"
Steve gave a nod, shooting another furtive glance towards the ball field. "My ma heard about it from Bucky's ma, who'd heard about it from Bucky's dad," he began. "Colonel Phillips, well, he was only a major at the time, but anyway… he'd apparently been conducting certain drills with the cadets, trying to find who he considered worthy enough to test out the serum. Once my ma heard about it she called him up and demanded that he come to the house, telling him that she owed it to my papa to let me be given the serum."
exclaimed Howard, his jaw dropping in shock. He heard Maria gasp behind him, reaching for his arm just as the officer grabbed onto them, drawing his hands behind him. "But how can you possibly believe that I had anything to do with—?"
"Um, yeah, I guess," answered Peter. He rubbed at his nose, watching as Uncle Bucky awkwardly lowered himself down onto the hard chair next to his bed and wondering where Uncle Sam was. Uncle Bucky looked absolutely exhausted, with huge purple circles under his eyes and his hair all knotted and messy. Papa had told Peter way back in the beginning that Air Corps pilots—or at least the men, since Auntie Carol's hair was long—were required to get haircuts once a week, which meant that Uncle Bucky had already missed at least one of his.
Steve frowns, cocking his head towards the building.  There's definitely something there, a weird-sounding hum buried underneath all the other noises echoing throughout the forest.  But if JARVIS says it’s okay, Steve supposes he has no reason to doubt him.
A sudden gunshot pierced the air, the shockwave rippling through Steve's entire rigid body as Rumlow slumped in his grip, his head lolling forward. Steve let out a yelp as he shoved him away, nearly knocking Bucky over as he stumbled backwards.
"Not quite," Peter said with a smile. "It was more like nine weeks ago."
O'Brien's thin lips curled into something resembling a sneer. "Yes," he said. "Continue."
No sense in getting Phillips even more riled up over something so dumb as a swim cap.
O'Brien was
Tony tilted his head, frowning. "Pete, there's only about a zillion different alien movies that you love, so pardon me if I'm not quite sure which one it is you're talking about?"
"All right, little guy," said Papa. "What is it?"
demanded Steve.
"Tony, it's okay," Steve insisted. He honestly didn't think he could stand hearing it. "It's—"
"All right, here we are," Tony said, pulling up to the curb next to their restaurant, a nice Italian place that he and Steve liked to frequent on their date nights. He glanced into the rearview mirror, giving Peter a wink. "You remembered your wallet, didn't you, Pete?"
"Very… what? Very pilot-like? Who says that pilots can't be real humans too, huh? And just 'cause you're all big and bulky now doesn't mean that you're not still the same Stevie that I used to know."
"Monday? There's no way in hell that I'm waiting until Monday!" Tony exclaimed. "No, you can be damn sure that you'll be hearing from my lawyers before midnight tonight, you got that? This is all just a big pile of bullshit and you know it!"
Tony's shoulders dropped, glancing furtively at Bucky's simulator. "Well… that's kind of a long story, hon, so…"
was this happening?
Steve jerked awake, spitting a mouthful of blood all over the concrete floor of his cell, crying out as a sharp pain pierced his side like a spear. He pressed his palm against the spot, biting his lip to try and keep quiet as he slowly hoisted himself into a sitting position. His chest hurt so badly that he could only breathe in shallow gasps, his left foot was practically useless, and both of his hands were bloody and bruised across the knuckles, the pain shooting down his left index and middle fingers indicating that they were likely broken. Again.
"Well… that's good," he finally said.
"I'm pretty sure he's even stronger than me, Ma," Steve said as the rest of the team broke away from Peter's bed, heading towards them.
"Oh my God!" Gwen shrieked as she shoved the candies into her pocket, then changed her mind and ran back towards the kitchen, returning with a piece of lemon candy from the smell of it.
Maybe if he repeated himself enough, he would actually start to believe it.
Steve grinned, giving him a quick, "Yes, sir," as he pulled off his t-shirt. As Steve settled over him, Tony took hold of his shoulders, delighting in the soft skin and hard muscle beneath his palms as he tugged Steve's face down so he could kiss him. They were both already hard, their erections rubbing deliciously together through the fabric of their pants as Steve's hand slid underneath Tony's ass, pressing him even closer to him.
"Mmm," Tony mumbled against Steve's chest, breathing in the glorious scent of his soap mixed in with the underlying hint of vanilla that seemed to just seep from Steve's skin. "If you say so."
Or the slight rattle in Tony's breathing that Steve had noticed ever since he'd got back from D.C. Or the deep purple circles under his eyes and the faint greyish tint to his olive skin that probably only Steve would notice.
To a chorus of "yes, sir!" accompanied by the hair-raising sound of scraping chairs, the pilots all shuffled out of the room, with Bucky yanking on Steve's arm almost before he had managed to clear the threshold.
Steve was jolted back to reality by the blaring sound of a master alarm, indicating that Bucky had missed his go/no-point and was now sailing off into open space.
Tony moaned as Steve kissed back to his lips, his tongue slipping inside his mouth to taste him as Tony rolled his hips up against him. "I'm just—I just want you, honey."
"Unless the Meridians somehow managed to get their hands on the design," said Uncle James. "Which, while not technically impossible, would be pretty damn difficult without help."
"And what about her father, Peter?" asked Papa.
"Okay, first off, I'm pretty sure Steve still kicked your ass, and second, that's not really important at the moment," Tony said as he touched down onto the plain. He held his hands out to his sides, the nanite case on his chest glowing bright blue. "Thor, hit me."
he thought petulantly.
"I'm on it, Cap," came Hill's voice over the comm. "I was just seeing Prince T'Challa off. The fire brigade should be here in about five minutes."
Steve had also lost three teammates that day, the highest daily loss of aircraft and pilots that Langara had seen on a single shift in years, so it wasn't until a week or so later that Steve had realised the aircraft had been almost an exact replica of his own. At the time he'd just brushed it off to chance—aircraft design did have its limitations, after all—but now he was certain that it hadn't been chance at all.
"Yep. Sure looks that way, buddy." The whole Giant-Man thing was pretty damn cool, Tony had to admit.
Steve was quiet for a moment, his fingertips massaging Tony's scalp so beautifully that Tony couldn't help but let out a soft moan.
And Steve had thought he was good at keeping secrets.
Tony had never been able to look at Howard that way. Not that Howard ever seemed to have given a rat's ass, but Peter… Tony was absolutely certain that he would shrivel up and die right there on the spot if he ever saw even a glimmer of the abject disdain in Peter's eyes that he'd regularly thrown Howard's way.
The extra-atmospheric engine on the X-302 aircraft had been designed specifically to function during the normal aircraft takeoff procedures. Tony had calculated the time to ignite the third engine down to the millisecond with JARVIS's help, and it had functioned perfectly in every single one of the simulator sessions.
"Yeah, well, he gets that from you." Tony burrowed further into Steve's embrace, burying his nose into Steve's paint-splattered t-shirt and inhaling deeply, allowing the intoxicating scent of his husband to permeate throughout his body, relaxing him to his very bones. He liked to joke sometimes that if he could figure out a way to bottle Steve's scent, especially the hint of vanilla that always clung to his skin and hair no matter what else he was doing or how sweaty he was, that he could likely double his fortune.
"Hey," Auntie Nat said soothingly, reaching back to pat Peter's knee. "It's gonna be okay. Like Sam said, it was probably just a strong gust of wind or something, and you know your papa just likes to be cautious. And thorough, especially since the septre's still being stored up there. He said they're just gonna do some quick investigating, maybe ask some of the SHIELD people if they saw anything, and then be back sometime tomorrow."
"Are you kidding? I'm looking forward to it!" said Uncle Sam. "It might be the only time I can honestly say that I beat Captain America."
Peter tapped his chin as he studied the drawing. "I'll have to ask Dad how much vibranium we'll have to work with," he said. "If there's not enough then we'll still have to go with the original idea, but if there is, then—"
Agent Bartlett's lips twitched into a smirk. "Suit yourself, Mr Stark. Goodnight."
"That may be, but I highly doubt that Mr Stark and Captain Rogers would include you in such a category," said JARVIS. "In fact—"
Steve gave a quick nod. "Yeah. I'll be right back."
Because no bully ever expects its prey to get back up again, not when he's been knocked down over, and over, and over…
"That was a long time ago, and things were very different back then," Papa stated. He held out his arms, glancing around the busy café. "Things were a lot slower and simpler, and there weren't as many threats out there as there are now." He paused, poking his straw at the ice cream in his float. "Threats we still can't seem to shake no matter how hard we try, so… I'm sorry, Peter, but until you're a legal adult, you're just going to have to live with the rules that Dad and I set. And if those rules seem to be a bit overbearing… well… then I'm afraid that's just how it's going to be."
The only question was, how?  He couldn't remain where he was, that was obvious.  He couldn't radio for help either.  Rumlow had reminded Steve multiple times before he was dropped that the secrecy of the mission depended on Steve maintaining complete radio silence until he was safely inside the bunker.
"Oh yeah, just working on my homework," answered Peter. For some weird reason that he couldn't explain, he loved that Uncle Bucky always reverted to Russian whenever he spoke one of their names. It just sounded so cool and mysterious.
Saw this on another fic, so I’m borrowing it 😊:
Because to him, they always sounded way too much like a countdown.
"Not yet, Mr Stark! First I need to—"
"Indeed I have, sir," replied JARVIS, and Tony almost smiled at the UI's indignant tone, so reminiscent of the human Mr Jarvis.
"Yep. In the sock drawer."
"Ma!" Steve exclaimed as soon as the door swung open. After guiding Tony inside he immediately held out his arms, drawing the petite, slender woman with greyish-white hair into a careful hug. "You're looking so beautiful today!"
"Yeah," Tony said into Steve's chest, the
But seeing as how I don't think your ma would appreciate me sporting a raging hard-on when you're trying to introduce us, we probably should put a stop to this kind of talk. Like, right now."
"Nanotech suit deployment test number one, JARVIS," he said. "You ready?"
"Okay, so then, what's so funny?"
"So I can give you my contact info?" Gwen said with a giggle. "That way we can text?"
"Wait, a dance-off? You mean, like in Footloose?" asked Peter.
“Look, Ned, I’m sorry, but I’ve gotta go,” he said.  “My dad needs some help with something.”
That was how Sam had put it, at least, and Steve had no doubt that he was right.
"God, I hate you," Bucky muttered, smirking when Sam dropped his gaze to his plate, his lips pursing into a soft smile. Peter had explained to Steve that Sam and Bucky's 'I hate yous' were usually code for 'I love you', something that Steve didn't quite understand, but still found amusing.
"So then we have some time," Steve said. He pressed his lips to Tony's in a firm kiss, nipping gently at his lips as Tony let out a soft whimper. "C'mon, sweetheart. Come and take a shower with me, and…" He left the rest of his statement unsaid as he hoisted Tony into his arms, ignoring the throbbing pain in his knuckles as they headed for the elevator, but he knew Tony knew what he meant anyway.
"No. Not gonna hurt you," Steve murmured into Tony's hip as he spread his fingers wider, finding that spot inside him that had him seeing stars. "Need to make sure you're ready."
"Oh, God!" Steve exclaimed as his wide-eyed gaze shifted to where Gamora and Nebula were working in tandem to bring the huge, Rancor-like alien down, with Nebula triumphantly burying his pickaxe into his skull less than three seconds later. Barely pausing to blink, Steve scanned the rest of the battlefield, quickly locating Wanda and Bucky as they battled alongside Clint, Natasha, and Pietro. A few metres away were King T'Challa and General Okoye, calling out orders to their warriors as they seamlessly fought back-to-back.
"Really?" James said, obviously impressed. "Which branch? I'm Air Force."
Tony scoffed, his head spinning. "FBI. It was the goddamn FBI who took my husband away, so if you think that I'm gonna trust—"
"That's one!" he said as the van rounded another corner, with Peter just managing to avoid crashing into another mailbox. He launched another web at a passing lamppost in an effort to slow the van down, but the lamppost only bent under the combined force of the web and the van, and slammed down onto the street.
Davis paused for a moment, presumably for dramatic effect. "
His own kid was worried about him, and it was all his fault.
Happy New Year to all of my awesome readers!  I hope 2020 is a safe and happy year for all of you!  💕
"Yes, I know what you think you need to be doing," Steve cut in. "But I think what you really need to be doing is getting some rest. I know you didn't get much sleep when you were in D.C., and now you've got this cough, and—"
he thought.
"We're the Avengers, man!" Peter exclaimed. "And yes, my name's Peter too, so can you please take your blaster thingy away from my head now? Before you give my dad a heart attack?"
Tony was stunned.  Rhodey had always teased him that he could read Tony’s mind, and he pretty much could.  But as someone who had always prided himself on being able to fake it with the best of them, it was pretty shocking to hear that the changes in his emotional state had been that obvious.
“Yes,” Steve answered.  “It’s—I—”  He broke off as he felt Tony’s fingertips glide down his back and slip between his ass cheeks, teasing the sensitive skin there.  “Oohh…”
It doesn’t help that Natasha, as pure as her intentions might be, seems to be hell-bent on setting him up with any guy she comes across that has a pulse.  Steve has told her over and over again that he’s just not ready to “get back out there” yet, but for some reason she’s made it her sole mission in life to get him to go out on a date.
"Why only some of the files?" asked Steve.
"Who, me?" he said, shooting Tony a wink that was anything but innocent. "I have no idea what you mean."
Steve huffed, shooting Bucky a scowl as he ran his comb through his hair, trying to smooth that one stubborn cowlick into place. "It would help a lot if you'd hold the light in the right place. I can't see anything when you're shining it right in my eyes!"
The foot that had been smashed by Justin Hammer and his HYDRA-controlled drones, almost beyond repair.
Whew, we’re just about there 😉.
Resting his chin on his stack of books, Peter listened as Gwen launched into a monologue explaining that the goal of the Union had been to end the frequent and bloody wars between neighbouring countries that had culminated in the Second World War. As she continued on for the next five minutes or so, Peter closed his eyes, allowing the sound of her melodic voice to chip away at the massive load of fear and anxiety laying across his shoulders.
she asked.
not once had Tony removed those dog tags from around his neck.
And as always, I can’t wait to see what you think!  Please don’t forget to hit the kudos button and leave me a comment!
"Thanks, Pep. Don't know what I'd do without you."
"I've never met the man, General, so I don't personally have an opinion," replied Steve, which was actually not even a lie. While he had caught the occasional glimpse of Howard a few times in the hospital hallway, Howard had been nowhere to be found the couple of times he had escorted his ma's friend to the Stark house to clean, which had honestly suited Steve just fine. While he no longer considered Howard the national traitor that he'd once believed him to be, the stories Tony and Peter had told him about growing up under Howard's dark shadow had been enough for Steve to decide that they were all much better off with him out of the picture.
Plus, since the training exercises were the only chances that he had to be Spider-Man at the moment, he really, really missed them.
"No!" Steve cried, so loud that he even startled himself. He sucked in a shaky breath, pressing his forehead against Tony's. "Now you listen to me very carefully. This was not your fault, do you understand me? There is no way we could've known this was going to happen, and no way that we could've prevented it."
attempt to ask him out on a date. On the one hand, despite what Peter had told him, Steve wasn't quite sure how Anthony would react to hearing that essentially a perfect stranger was being allowed to visit with his sick child, while on the other hand, the fact that Steve had managed to pass none other than Howard Stark himself in the hallway outside of Peter's room the other day and
And yet, Tony needed to leave a legacy for his son, as Obie often pointed out.  Just like Howard had for him.
Scott gave a nod, shoving the rest of his sandwich into his mouth. "Except that it probably wasn't as much as you're thinking. You see, the Quantum Realm is like its own microscopic universe. To get in there you've got to be incredibly small. And time, well, let's just say that it doesn't work at all like it does out here. The rules in the Quantum Realm are, well, actually there really aren't any rules. Everything's unpredictable. So even though I was gone for about ten months out here, for me it was only about ten minutes."
Sam laughed, elbowing Bucky playfully in the side. "C'mon, grumpy, let's get out of here before the traffic gets too bad."
"No, no, you know that nothing at work is more important than you, Pete," Tony said firmly. "And I can handle the stress just fine. It's you that I'm worried about."
Tony’s heart lurched, and he reached for Peter’s shoulders, pulling his precious boy into a tight hug.
"Yes, that's correct," said Gwen. "Just make sure you don't sound like you're uncertain though, we don't want to give the competition any kind of edge. State all of your answers proudly and affirmatively, even if you're not quite sure if you're right."
It was the perfect complement to the painting that hung in their Tower bedroom, the one of the three of them celebrating Steve's ninety-second birthday on the beach in Malibu, only a few days before their home was destroyed by the Winter Soldier.
Hill shook her head. "Unfortunately, all of the researchers involved with the project were killed in the explosion, and most of their computer systems are trashed. I've already asked about the availability of any potential off-site backups, but so far we haven't gotten anywhere."
"How out of commission?" Steve asked. He curled his hands into fists, trying to stop them from shaking. Despite James's apparent prior knowledge of Carol, having some unknown woman/being gain entrance into their secured home was not something he was prepared to let go of so easily.
He was interrupted by a knock at the door, and once again his jaw practically hit the floor as it opened to reveal Sam Wilson pushing Bucky Barnes in a wheelchair, his entire left side from his shoulder to his hip still covered in white bandages, followed closely by Sharon the nurse.
"No!" he said, the word tearing through his throat like the jagged edge of a saw. He covered Peter's hand with his own, gasping when his fingers went right through. "No, Pete, you can't—you just gotta hold on, buddy, okay? You just gotta stay with me! Just stay with me!"
It was something they all needed to do better.
"Look," Tony said once the doors had closed. "I don't understand where this fear of yours is coming from, but I promise that it's completely unwarranted. That child is so infatuated with you that I'd be having some serious jealousy issues right about now if I wasn't just as infatuated, all right? And all he wants is to just see for himself that you're okay. You can give him that, can't you?"
Uncle Bucky gave a nod as he aimed his rifle again, letting out a muttered curse when a sudden explosion behind them knocked him off balance just enough to miss the shot.
Sharon shook her head. "No. His grandfather was here for a bit this morning, but I haven't seen the father since the morning he came in. It's too bad, really. I know it's only been a couple of days, but Peter really misses him. From what he's told me, they're really close."
And then there was the conversation he and Tony had once had about Steve's serum procedure. Tony had questioned Steve about it purely out of his own scientific curiosity, but now Steve was regretting how candid he'd been with his descriptions. The pain that Steve had endured during his procedure had been excruciating, not something that he would wish on anyone, and he had explained that to Tony—and to Peter, for that matter—not even considering the possibility of their current circumstances.
“I don't know, Nat,” Steve says with a shrug, one that sends pain shooting down his left upper arm.  “I just don't know.”
Tony huffed, grabbing the frisbee from Steve's hand and launching it back in Clint's general direction before turning to Steve, looking up at him through his impossibly long eyelashes.
They sat there silently for several minutes, until a slight cough made Tony raise his head to find a confused Peter standing in the kitchen doorway.
He got a glimmer of satisfaction when the chairman's face paled and he let out an embarrassed cough. "Yes, well, my sincere apologies, Mr Stark. I'll definitely take that under advisement in the future."
"Steve—"
"So… what, it's broken?" Bruce asked. "You broke the ship?"
Well, maybe "dead" wasn't quite the right word, but Peter honestly didn't have the mindset to try and think of a more accurate description at the moment. All he could think was that after Thanos left Titan, he must've found the Soul Stone down in Wakanda, and then snapped his fingers.
"Uh huh," Peter mumbled as Steve brushed the curls from his forehead, leaning down to kiss him. "'Night, Papa."
"What the hell?" Tony mumbled as Steve gathered him close, pressing his ear over his heart. A few heartbeats later Tony's head snapped up, his eyes narrowing as they focused in on Steve.
“All right,” said Tony.  “And who does the STRIKE team report to?”
“Well, good,” said Tony.  “Then you're already way ahead of most people.”
"Nope, it's two!" Sam called as he swooped in, aiming his legs like a battering ram just as another HYDRA soldier emerged from a broken-down car, an unlocked grenade still clutched in his gloved hand. Sam sent the soldier flying across the street and into another parked car as Steve raced towards the bouncing grenade, slamming his shield down on top of it just in time to contain the explosion.
With a loud
"What exactly did Beck accomplish with this particular coding change? 'Cause to me, it almost looks like he—"
"Okay, but how is that possible?" he demanded. "I fucking
The crisp evening air did help Peter feel a little bit better as he and Gwen sank down onto the brick steps in front of her house, with Peter using all of his remaining strength just to keep himself from keeling over. He was still sweating like a pig and trying not to shiver out of his skin because of it, but his stomach seemed to have calmed down enough for him to hopefully make it home.
Dad was cut off by another knock on the door, which opened to reveal Uncle James.
Steve loved watching those two boys play together, like the sort of cousins that they were. Besides being just a very sweet, kind, and gentle young man, Pietro had been key in helping to break Steve, Peter, and the rest of the team out of the invisible HYDRA facility down in Georgia.
Steve's blood pressure plummeted like a rock. "Uh, your dad's coming today? He wasn't here yesterday?"
"Fall back!" T'Challa ordered his warriors. "Fall back now!"
There was no longer any doubt in his mind that Davis not only was HYDRA, but that he also knew about Peter.
Howard was drunk out of his gourd. Again.
“Yeah, you can.”  Tony brushed his lips across Steve’s again, grinding his hips down so deliciously that Steve let out a moan.  “Tell me what you want, honey.  You know I’ll give you anything.”
"What is it, buddy?"
Which was just perfect, 'cause exactly what Dad and Papa needed was even
Uncle Bucky shrugged as he moved his far-side right pawn. "You were talkin' a bit loud, and you sounded upset."
I hope you all are staying safe and healthy!  💖
smile. He clapped Peter on the shoulder, his helmet closing over his face as he turned to stand next to him, and Peter finally got his first good look at the battlefield.
"Mmmhmm. And what happens if someone happens to say 'no' the next time the Avengers want to just waltz into another country on one of their missions, hmm? Would they leave?"
That mission, which wasn't a mission as much as it was an outright kidnapping by a pair of madmen and their super soldier minions, and one that very nearly cost both Dad and Peter their lives. But since Peter couldn't tell Ned anything about what really happened, he had to stick with the cover story that he was just locked in some safehouse somewhere while his dads and the rest of the team took care of everything, instead of the self-inflicted coma he was in after almost having his mind completely scrambled by Loki's sceptre.
"Well, he wouldn't be our Captain if he couldn't give a halfway decent pep talk, right?" Tony said, giving Steve's hand a quick squeeze. "All right, J, you ready?"
The restaurant he hadn't been able to eat at since Mr Jarvis died.
"Yeah, okay," Sam cut in. "And when you knew her, did she know about you? That you…?"
