“I’m sorry about this, Dean, but I have to save you,” Castiel whispers, teleporting them away.
“What, Sam… what is it?” Dean growls impatiently.
Aaron shakes his head. “The front is a no go an -”
“Well, that was eventful,” Castiel coughs, then coughs a little harder. He turns around and braces himself on the counter, taking deep breaths to push the air through his lungs and silence the coughing. It takes a moment, then he reaches under the counter for some glass cleaner and paper towel. Turning back to Dean, he raises the products. “Always come prepared,” Castiel laughs. “Get it?”
Castiel watches as the brothers leave to get food. He takes a seat on Dean’s bed, his hand touching the spot where Castiel was seducing him. He traces his lips with his other hand, his imagination conjuring up the interaction with the other man. His cock gets hard immediately, and a moan escaping from deep in his throat. “Dean…” he hisses and lays back on the bed. Without thinking, Castiel is gripping at himself through his pants. The barrier of his clothes makes him frustrated, especially as he wants nothing more than to be buried deep inside of Dean. His mind reels as the vivid image assault his thoughts. Castiel moans aloud again, his hand gripping tighter and pumping at a steady pace. As quickly as he starts, he stops, his breathing labored, and he opens his eyes, removing his hand from his body. “This is not how I want to do this. I will not spill myself wastefully,” he whispers. “I will empty myself into Dean, the way I’ve always wanted to.” Slowly, Castiel sits back up, taking a seat at the table at the end of the beds, awaiting the brothers’ return.
“Hey, Boss-man,” she grins. “It’s getting to be about that time. I’m done sweeping, and my drawer is counted down. Did you need anything before we close? A coffee?” Samantha eyes Castiel up and down. Finally, her eyes settle on his messy hair. “A comb, maybe?” she grins, crossing her arms over her chest as she leans against the doorframe of the office.
Shaking his head, Castiel can’t help but smile at his friend. After rolling up his sleeves, he reaches for the scissors again. Right as Castiel has the shears to the fabric, Dean comments. “Promise to be gentle, and promise not to laugh.” Castiel screws up his face. “Dean, I will always be gentle with you unless you tell me otherwise, and what could I possibly laugh about now?” The joke flies over Castiel’s head, but his tone strikes a chord in Dean’s heart. This angel, his angel, would never hurt him without a purpose. Knowing that makes Dean relax more in the bonds, Dean gives himself over to Castiel and his work. “Please save me, Cas,” Dean chokes out.
Castiel walks through the open doorway and stops, looking at Dean. “What are you doing? Where are your clothes?” He looks up at the ceiling, trying to avoid the man in the room.
Dean’s eyes widen, watching the other man. He can feel his body betray him as his own cock hardens in its denim enclosure. “Jesus, Cas,” his breath catching in his throat a bit. He wets his lips, swallowing down the lump.
“Your wish is my command, Dean. I’m assuming you’re going home tonight?” Castiel inquires, standing a little straighter.
Before Castiel can ask if it’s okay, Dean impales himself on the angel’s throbbing sword.
Castiel exits the motel room, walking over to the Impala. He waits by the car, watching Dean lock the door. He scans for Sam’s signal, finding it to be weak but still traceable. It’s not too far away, surprisingly. Castiel wonders how whoever took Sam got him from the bunker unless he was on the way back to the motel.
Well, I'm not going to stop just because the show is done. I hope you like the next chapter and the ones that come after. Love you all!
Castiel’s hand shakes as he grabs the bottle, making sure not to drop anything this time. Goosebumps are forming on his body, and he would be hard-pressed to say if it’s from the cold or the exhilaration of this moment. He gives the bottle a sharp shake. The cap flips open with a loud snap. The cool, pinkish body gel pools in his upturned palm, then he thumps Dean’s shoulder with the bottle, passing it back.
“I understand that, Cas, but you’re doing something to me more than trying to cure me,” Dean fires back.
The shards removed, he moves on to the other foot.
Dean’s hand on his arm burns like a brand. He can feel his eyes searching his as if hoping for an answer. Unable to bear it anymore, Castiel abruptly gets up and walks to the fireplace. He clenches his fist.
Dean studies Castiel’s face and smiles softly as he realizes how full the angel’s lips are, and he can feel his heart rate rise again as he watches Castiel lick them. It was as if he is seeing Cas for the first time. Dean inhales sharply at the warmth of Castiel’s hand as it makes contact with his skin, his eyes widen at Castiel’s words. Before he can reply, he groans softly at the sensations.
The sounds are almost deafening; the closer Dean gets to the bar; the pain in his ears is nothing to the unrelenting need for blood. The smell invades Dean’s mind, willing him to find someone quickly and sate the murderous hunger inside.
"Everything okay there?" Castiel asks, breaking Samantha from her thoughts.
Castiel’s eyes go wide, the space between the quickly disappearing. “Dean?” Castiel whispers.
Running down the burnt-out hallways, Sam scans the rooms as they pass them. Afraid to alert their presence, he keeps quiet, silently praying that they find Castiel alive and in one piece. Sam knows that it would destroy his brother to see the angel dead, but lately, Dean’s been showing a lot more emotion where Castiel is concerned. He wonders what’s happened between the two of them. If they live through this, he’ll get his answers. Rounding a corner at the end of the hallway, they enter a giant room, completely destroyed. “Dean,” Sam breathes.
Dean’s jaw closes as he swallows hard. He opens wider and can feel himself heat up, not taking his eyes off Castiel’s.
Castiel is distracted by that one drop, moving slowly, and lower, down the planes of Dean’s muscles, and his stomach, disappearing into the hairs below. Dean whispers, “Cas, kiss me.”
“Damn it, Cas, why’d you have to go and make it all awkward. Just get on with it.” Dean growls, irritated. Tipping his head back, he looks up at the ceiling with all the warding, trying to blank out his mind as he hears Castiel moving around.
“What is your favorite sleeping position?” Castiel asks, then shoves the next piece of fish into his mouth.
Nodding without a word, Dean exits the car, swiftly shutting it firmly behind him. He makes his way into the motel room, walking quickly over to the beds stuffing any loose clothes in their duffel bags. Dean walks quickly into the bathroom, snatching up any toiletries, and returns to the beds stuffing them in his duffel bag. He makes his way into the kitchenette, grabbing the bottle of whiskey, taking a quick pull before capping it, and putting it in the inside pocket of his jacket. Wiping his lips with his sleeves, Dean pulls the papers and books together as his gaze catches the scratch marks on the table. He closes his eyes tightly, gripping the edges of the table as he sucks in a large breath. “Castiel, I don’t know if you can hear me, but I need you to be here.” He slams a fist down on the table, effectively leaving a crack. “You said you’d
“If they’re from you, I don’t care what kind of scars you leave,” Dean says, following up quickly. “Unless they’re on my heart. Please don’t fuck that up. I don’t think I could live with that,” he looks into the fire, his words soft but loud enough to fill the space, to travel to the angel on the other side of the room.
Dean moans loudly at the surge of power as his eyes open wide, meeting Castiel’s bright blue eyes. “Oh god…” He yells as he grinds harder into Castiel, pumping himself into the angel’s hand with a renewed pressure building. His breathing becomes ragged as he bites down on his lip. The power and Castiel’s words send him quickly over the edge, spilling himself onto Castiel’s stomach and hand. He closes his eyes, licking his lips as he swallows hard.
“Damn it, Cas, you have to say something. You can’t keep surprising me like that, or I may shoot you.” Sam says, exasperated.
Sam laughs out loud at his brother’s outburst. “I don’t think Cas was saying that you’re going to have kids. Like you said, how could it be possible?” Sam looks over to Castiel, and he sees the light in his eye that he knows something. “Cas, you’re quiet about that. Is there something I should know?”
“More than okay. I hope it smells like you,” Castiel teases, his eyes sparkling. “Has anyone told you how beautiful you are, Dean?” He asks, his voice soft. “I mistook you as an angel when you saved me. I’m sure everyone thought I was crazy when I was asking where my angel was,” Castiel shares, shifting in the bed again. He reaches up to adjust the mask on his face. Castiel pulls it up and over his head, setting it next to his leg. “The hospital staff tell me I can go home tomorrow. I have to take it easy, but with my business destroyed, there isn’t much I can do now,” he shrugs.
Dean coughs at his brother’s words as his jaw gapes slightly. He shakes his head, returning his brother’s grin. “You could say that,” he chuckles, lightly biting his lip. “...So was I like the
Sam backs up, looking at his brother protecting the lifeless angel. “Dean, we don’t know if there are other vampires here. I don’t want to lose you both,” Sam sighs, backing up. “I won’t be too far ahead that I can’t hear you if something happens, but I will give you some time with him. Just, don’t take too long. It’ll be dark soon, and if there are more monsters, I don’t want to be down here when they return. Also, he deserves a hunter’s funeral. We’ll need to find the materials.” Sam leaves the ruined hanger, walking around the corner and out of sight.
The sound of water filters through the door and into the living room, and Castiel hears faint talking from down the hall. He assumes Dean found out how to turn on his television. Smiling to himself, he tests the water and steps into the stream. Castiel groans as the hot stream spills over his back. Reaching over, he presses his palms to the cold tile, letting the stress of the past few days run down the drain of his shower.
Dean’s eyes widen as panic spreads over his face as his angel disappears in front of his eyes. He looks to Sam. “Cas… he-he’s going to try to go after them alone,” Dean stumbles over his words before burying his face in his hands. A frustrated growl low in his chest as he makes his way to his duffel bag, getting his clothes out quickly.
Castiel grabs Dean’s wrist, pulling him back onto the bed, and sets him on his lap. Opening the drawer, he offers the lube back to Dean. “You weren’t finished,” he looks at the other man with half-lidded eyes. “I want you to release inside of me. I want you back inside me, Dean,” Castiel whispers the last, pulling Dean’s shirt up and licking a line up his chest. Castiel feels himself stir, getting harder because of the handsome man straddling him again.
“I can’t be there all the time, and I think that someone needs to be there with Castiel. He told me that you gave him your phone number and offered to help. Well, I think you should help him. His address is twenty-five thirty-six Blue Cloud Way. I dropped him off last night,” Samantha says, her voice mellowing out.
“Yes, Dean. You are,” Castiel mumbles, licking his fingers. He reaches up, gripping Dean’s neck and pulling him against his chest. Castiel reaches back, trailing his fingers down between Dean’s sweet cleft, teasing his hole. Slowly, he fits his wet fingers into Dean, biting the man’s lower lip. “Looks like I got into you before you could get into me…” Castiel says, smiling and deepens his fingers, pulling Dean up his body. “Fuck my mouth, Dean,” Castiel demands.
Castiel shivers in his wet clothes. As he didn’t bother to button up his trench coat, he’s now soaked all the way down to his shirt. Actually, he’s pretty confident his underwear is wet, too. He hangs the coat on a hook by the door and crouches to take off his shoes again as a puddle of melted snow slowly expands around him. He can’t feel his feet. His numb fingers refuse to obey him, and he’s doing an even worse job than early. He curses in Enochian between his chattering teeth.
“Okay, Dean. Pizza also sounds good. You’ll need a full stomach for all the questions you owe me answers to. Additionally, I have a few about what the hell happened today. Got it!?” Sam pins Dean with a stare, reaching for the pizza menu and his phone.
Castiel gestures at the cabin with his chin.  Yet, he doesn’t move. It’s been a while since he’s done this, but it’s worth a try.  He takes a deep breath and closes his eyes.  The energy slowly builds up.  He feels it tangling all over his vessel. This used to take mere seconds.  He chases the thought away, lest he loses focus.  Of their own volition, his eyes snap open, burning cold with blue light.  A wave of energy is sent across the land. He senses a few deers in a clearing, an owl perched in an ancient tree, a few hares scurry as they sense his probe.  He closes his eyes.  This forest is full of life, but he can’t feel Sam.
“I don’t know. I’ve never freely given my Grace to anyone. You’ll be the first, Dean.” Castiel shares.
He turns the hose on Dean, making him growl. This also makes the blood flow faster, the wounds cleaned out of the congealing agent. Finally, Dean starts to slow his fight. A few moments later, he’s sagging in the restraints. Castiel tastes his blood again, but the strain is still potent. Sighing in frustration, he knows he has to replenish Dean’s blood, walking over to the transfusion machine.
Destiel is canon. Here's a chapter to celebrate. Enjoy.
Samantha nods. “You’re welcome,” she says, shutting the register and lets out a deep sigh as the man exits the shop. She walks over to the door and locks it. Samantha turns back to the cash register and pops it open. She places the credit card receipts and larger bills into the till and walks to the store’s back. Using her hip, she pushes the door open, laughing as her boss turns to face her, eyes wide.
He nods, listening to Castiel talk about his employee he now knew as Samantha. Dean’s eyes scan Castiel’s hair and moves down to his lips before noticing this clavicle peeking out from the hospital gown. He swallows, his mouth feeling suddenly dry. “Um, I didn’t have time to stop at the store for new stuff, so it’s just some extra stuff of mine,” he clears his throat. “I hope that’s okay.”
Dean moans, pulling out of Castiel as he backs off, rolling off the bed with a hard thud. He grunts as he gets to his feet, looking at Castiel with worried eyes, his breath erratic.
“Why would you do that? Doesn’t it hurt?” Castiel questions, tilting his head slightly.
“Uh, yeah, I’ll head home whenever you get sick of me,” Dean answers with a low chuckle.
“I’m sure. This place is so tidy, I would take a chance to eat my lunch on the floor,” Castiel chuckles, gesturing around him.
Dean tips his head forward, his lips sealing with Castiel’s this time. The vibrations still rocking his body, making him crazy with lust. Desperate to get Castiel to stop, Dean kisses him. At first, it’s light and probing, but as the pulses begin to grow in strength, the kiss turns into something more. He tries to press his body to Castiel’s, but groans in frustration as the angel is just out of reach. He forces his tongue into Castiel’s mouth, and this breaks the angel’s concentration finally, but not before one last push over that edge. Dean explodes one last time with a growling scream.
“You bet your ass I did,” Dean grins, pushing up from the table. “Five stars, bitches.” Dean pumps his fist in the air as he grabs his bag and makes his way to the dorm, smirking at the chorus of his crew's laughter.
Dean turns and smirks, “Yep,” his smirk turns into a full-blown smile as he absentmindedly trails his fingers along the shiny hood. “She’s my pride and joy.”
The large black-haired vampire takes Dean down from behind, biting deep into his neck, and at the same time, the creature forces his shredded wrist into Dean’s mouth. The blood flowing freely from the wound, Dean can’t fight against the blood going down his throat. He swallows deeply, knowing that he is doomed.
Castiel shakes his head. “Thank you, but I’ll be fine. This isn’t my first inventory. Please enjoy the day, and I’ll see you tomorrow,” Castiel smiles, and his hair falls messily around his head as he tips his chin towards the door. He follows Samantha to the entrance and locks it behind her. Castiel takes a deep breath and lets it out slowly. Quickly, he takes stock of how much he still has to count and how much time it’ll take. A few more hours, tops, he figures, then he can go home, too. He starts on the front of the store, marking and tagging products as he goes.
Castiel’s eyes snap wide as he looks at the man penetrating him. He never thought he would have the honor of being filled by Dean, and the feeling is so much more than he anticipated. He pulls at the cuffs again, lifting his hips to give Dean more room. “That’s right, show me how much you love me, Dean.” The words fall from Castiel’s lips in a seductive drawl. “Use me as you will.”
“Well whatever it is, I hope it goes well, man. But, word of advice? Chill. You seem way tense, and if you
“I...” he sighs. “I need to feel useful.”
Dean coughs, almost spitting out his beer as his eyes widen. He sets his beer on the table, shaking his head and biting his lip. “The best I’ve ever had,” he grins, chuckling lightly. “So yeah... he’s outstanding.” His eyes gloss over momentarily as the memories from the motel room come back to him.
“It wasn’t my original intention,” Castiel says, his voice low. Something flitting through his gaze, Castiel lowers his finger to the tip of Dean’s swollen member. Castiel dips his digit into the wetness that has gathered, in a rather significant fashion, and pulls it away, the clear liquid coating rather nicely. He brings it up to his face and looks Dean right in the eyes. Castiel places his finger into his mouth, watching as Dean’s eyes fill with unguarded lust, and a blush explodes over his naked body.
Dean grunts arching up at the feeling of Castiel exiting him. Sitting up on the table, a sudden sense of exhaustion washes over him as he rubs his face with his hands. Reaching out, he steadies himself, putting a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. He closes his eyes as his head lulls back as he lets out a yawn. He smiles sleepily at Castiel and chuckles lightly. “That was....well...I don’t even know, Cas,” he sighs, getting lost in his thoughts.
“Better things than protecting you, Dean?” Castiel’s eyes narrow on Dean as he watches him move over to the kitchen. “Dean, are you okay? You’re moving a little strangely.” Castiel stares at the other man, noticing a sort of stiffness to his earlier movements. “Are you hurt, Dean?” Castiel finally asks, deep concern in his voice.
Castiel sets the boxes on the table, picking up his beer, and walks over to the fridge. “That will be later, Sam,” he winks, then smiles at Dean. He grabs out another few beers, bringing them over to the table.
“How considerate of you,” Castiel takes one of the bags and looks inside. He barks out a laugh. “Can you fit a whole one in your mouth Dean? Or you have to take it slow?” He challenges with a knowing smile. “As for cooking, it’s always more fun when you have someone to cook for,” he mumbles, his eyes slightly sad.
“Right now, if we wouldn’t get arrested for it,” Dean breathes, meeting Castiel’s gaze.
“Thanks. See if EMS can get behind the building. I don't wanna move him too far if we don't have to.” Before Dean knows it, Garth’s gone, and Dean grabs the supplies and straps the non-rebreather oxygen mask over the man's mouth and nose. He checks the valve, turning the tank on, allowing oxygen to flow through the tubing. His eyes scan the man's face for any signs of responsiveness. “Come on. Stay with me.”
Dean watches Sam enter the bathroom and listens intently for the sound of running water. He looks down at the table, eyeing the scratch marks before tracing his index finger over them gently. Biting his lip once he hears Sam turn on the water, Dean takes a deep breath. “Castiel, I swear if you don’t get your ass back here…” He prays quietly to his angel before letting out a frustrated sigh. Getting up from the table, Dean walks to the coffee maker and pours himself a cup.
“I can’t get Sam back. I tried, but he won’t come back. Something’s wrong,” Castiel tips his head back, scanning for Sam’s essence, his voice hollow. “I feel something faint like he’s being hidden away. I can follow the trail, but not without some difficulty,” Castiel lowers his head, eyes level with Dean’s. “I promise I will get him back.”
“What happened in the shower, Dean?! Why is he bleeding? I thought you said he was okay!?!??! Dean! This is
Dean’s eyes close, and he lets out a loud moan around the throbbing flesh in his mouth. He reddens under Castiel’s praise, causing his own cock to harden even more if that was possible, and does his best to give Castiel what he wants, picking up his pace. God, he could listen to Castiel’s voice and noises forever.
A bright smile widens over Dean’s face. He walks quickly, pulling out another t-shirt and pair of pajama pants. He walks over to the bed, kissing Castiel’s on the lips softly. “I love you, Cas,” he sighs happily. “I’ll be right back.” Dean walks quickly out of his room down the hall to the weapons room, grabbing the key for the cuffs and returning within minutes. He makes his way to the bed unlocking Castiel’s ankles, freeing them. Dean sets the cuffs on his nightstand before reaching up and removing the cuffs from Castiel’s wrist. He grabs the bottle on the bed, tossing it back in the drawer. He leans in and presses his lips to Castiel’s before pulling away, sighing. “We should go talk to Sam…” Dean swallows. “He’s been waiting….”
Castiel nods slowly, unable to turn his gaze away. “Well, it’s only you and me, right?” He affirms.
“Hey man, what you do, or watch, on your own time is your deal. No judgment, but I didn’t take you for a tentacle guy,” Aaron laughs, making his way back over to the table as Garth rejoins them, scrubbing a washcloth over his forehead.
Castiel leans on Dean as they fight against the storm. “You were gone for too long,” he says.
Quickly turning, Dean looks his brother in the eye. “Sam, I can already feel the change, feel the need. I have to get away from you before I do something I know I’ll regret later. Just go on with your life and forget about me.” With those parting words, Dean is out the door, moving faster than Sam’s eyes can follow, leaving the keys to the Impala on the motel table.
Sam follows his brother out of the car. “Dean, I’m sure he’s fine. Cas is an angel, and those guys are almost unstoppable. A vampire isn’t going to take him out. I’m sure we’re worrying for nothing,” Sam continues. “I mean, he took that blast head-on and survived. We’ll probably find him kicking butt,” Sam tries to convince himself that Castiel isn’t facing the worst odds.
Monitoring the still fighting Dean, he watches as the blood slows slightly. He walks over to the wall, grabbing a hose. Turning the water on, he then tests to make sure it is warm. “I don’t want him to go into shock if that’s even possible for a vampire,” Castiel says to himself, his hand in the now warm water.
Dean’s eyes flutter closed as he chews, and the flavors explode on his tongue. A soft moan escapes him without him realizing it as he licks any excess off his lips. He swallows it down as his eyes open again “That’s amazing, Cas,” he breaths.
Dean groans, turning the alarm off on his phone and dropping it on the mattress beside him. He lets out a big yawn and rubs the sleep out of his eyes as he shuffles out of bed, making his way to the kitchen to get a mug of hot, life-saving nectar. Allowing his mind to wander, he sets his coffee pot up and starts to feel more and more awake already with a low hum of excitement about starting his day.
Dean’s breath hitches slightly, feeling Castiel’s hands on him. He wets his lips and swallows hard. He turns enough in the other man’s grip to meet his striking eyes. “Oh?” He says, raising a brow in curiosity.
Castiel opens wide to accommodate the girth of his Winchester. He learns quickly how to regulate his breathing. Digging his fingers in deeper, now that he has a better angle, he searches for the particular spot to drive Dean wild with lust. He moans his own pleasure around his lover’s cock, rolling his eyes up to look at Dean.
“No...” Dean says, rhetorically.
Castiel walks around Dean to face him.
The woman types in something on her keyboard and looks at Castiel. “Ah, yes. Mr. Novak,” she stands, opens a small locked file cabinet, and hands him a rather sizable stack of papers. “Here we are. I’m happy to see that you’re doing well. Our Dean was a bit worried about you after he pulled you out,” she smiles again, her eyes glittering with something.
Castiel ignores Dean and gets out of the car, slamming the door. Hard. He’s still upset at the man and only agreed to join him on this rescue mission because Sam might be in danger.  Dean tried to make light conversation but gave up after the first hour.  Yet the angel’s mood is as foul, if not fouler, as when they left the bunker.  He looks up at the cabin in the rapidly dimming light of the late afternoon: no lights on, no smoke coming out of the chimney.  But most importantly, no fresh footsteps in the snow.  If Sam was here, he left a while ago.
Dean moans, taking in some air through his nose. He slowly pushes more of his finger in and bends it a bit, searching for Castiel’s spot. He pulls up a bit, swirling his tongue around the swollen tip.
Dean chuckles and smiles brightly, shutting the car door. “You’re awesome,” he says, joining Castiel beaming slightly, feeling lucky just to be able for the chance to get to know the other man and to go on this date with him. He takes in a nervous breath and holds out his hand to Castiel, “Ready?” He cocks a brow.
Another chapter because I've fallen behind posting. This story was originally written Feb. 1st, 2019. I gasped when I noticed a very iconic scene from the show that we had written years prior.... Emjoy!
Pillowing his head between his arm and Dean’s lap, Castiel makes soft noises of contentment, then small snores escape him again.
To say that Dean’s first meeting with the insanely gorgeous man he pulled from a burning building went the way he imagined it might be a complete and utter lie. There was no way he was expecting what happened between them to have actually happened. The amount of tension completely caught him off guard and knocked the breath out of him. He remembers Samantha telling Dean that her boss had been ‘worked up’ by him. Dean had caught Castiel’s attention through the security video. But Jesus hell, the man was right out of one of Dean’s wet dreams.
More NSFW? Yep, more not safe for work. Enjoy.
Dean nods to his brother in understanding, blinking away more tears as he heard his footsteps heading in the opposite direction. He shifts his weight pulling his angel’s limp body into his arms, hugging him tightly. “Cas, I need you to come back to me…I need
dick, Dean. Should I feel hurt?”
“Yeah, I’m fine. I was just waking up. How’d you sleep?” Sam follows his brother’s actions with his eyes, leaning back against the headboard.
The heat of Dean’s hands lingers on Castiel’s shoulders. He looks up at the man, a mix of emotions heavy in the pit of his stomach.
Dean frowns slightly at the news and looks down at his watch. “Alright, I’m not doing anything, so I can head over there with some breakfast,” he clears his throat. “What does he like?” Dean asks, tapping his pen on the notepad.
Dean’s eyes narrow, and he feels himself hardening at his angel’s demand. “Okay,” he says simply as his expression becomes darker and more severe as he leans down and begins kissing Castiel with hunger. Grinding himself into Castiel’s cock Dean moans into his lover’s mouth before pulling away. He lifts his leg over Castiel’s hips and pulls down the waistband of the grey sweatpants to his ankles. Dean removes his own boxers before he places himself between Castiel’s thighs. He leans in, placing his lips against Castiel’s once more. Dean slips his hand under the shirt’s fabric, and he grinds his hard cock against Castiel’s. Dean moves his hand down the length of Castiel’s body, takes his cock into his hand, and starts pumping him.
“Oh, that makes sense. I’m sure it sucked, though, having to start over like that,” Dean says, taking a sip of his fresh glass. “But I’m glad it gave me a chance to meet you,” he smiles.
“M’getting close, sweetheart,” Dean moans, feeling the pleasure and pressure coiling deep in his groin as his thrusts become more erratic. He can feel his breathing becoming shallower as his skin pricks slightly with sweat.
Castiel looks around, the warmth of Dean’s touch still lingering on his arm. “Well, is there anything I can get the two of you? Perhaps some breakfast before Sam wakes? I think it should be pretty soon,” he says, looking at the clock. Dean having his back to him makes Castiel feel uneasy. He wanted nothing more than to press himself along the hard length of the other man. Perhaps even whispering words of comfort and encouragement that everything would be okay and telling Dean that he doesn’t have to worry. Dean often takes the world’s weight on his shoulders, causing Castiel to try and find ways to share that burden. So far, he has been unsuccessful in taking some of that load from him. Maybe someday soon, Dean will open up and give Castiel what he has been looking for, an equal life partner. That craving fills Castiel’s eyes, which are plain to Dean should he choose to turn around at that moment.
“I see. I assume it’s fair to assume that Moose didn’t plan for me to walk in on your Brokeback Mountain reenactment.”
“F-fuckk, Cas,” Dean pants, as his eyes widen as he watches Castiel. “I can’t wait to see what you taste like,” he finds a small sill in the corner and lifts his leg on it. He lifts his left index finger to his mouth and sucks on it for a moment before lowering it and circles his hole. “I think I’m gonna…” he moans as he strokes himself faster, thumbing over his slit.
,” Dean jumps back, looking down at the spilled bottle of beer he dropped. “Dammit, I’m sorry, Cas,” he breathes, his eyes scanning the space for a paper towel or dishrag.
One more chapter to go after this one!
“That’s really kind of you, Cas. How are you feeling? Warmer?” Dean grins a bit, “Sorry about the towel, aren’t angels supposed to have better reflexes?” Dean shrugs, looking down at the towel. “You done with that?” he asks, nodding to the towel around Castiel’s waist. He clicks his tongue, winking.
Drinking again, Castiel’s head swims slightly when he looks at the clock. He regrets not eating, but now he’s drunk, and he feels better now than he has all day. Shrugging, Castiel sets the bottle down and pulls off his shirt. Next, he empties his pockets onto his nightstand. He stares at his phone for a moment. Probably not the best of ideas, but he fishes out Dean’s phone number and puts it into his phone.
Benny takes it with a nod and a wink and makes his way to the refrigerator.
Dean is awake, his stare pinning Castiel. “What was that at the end, Cas? You don’t play fair.” Dean points out, his voice raw from the earlier exertion, but a slight grin shadowed on his face.
Dean stands, putting his soup on the table. He places his hands on Castiel’s shoulders, pushing him back down onto the couch. “Oh no, you don’t. I want you to sit here and relax by the fire. You’ve done enough today with all the angel powers and whatnot. I’ll go look for the generator. It’s probably out behind the cabin, you think?” Dean grins, looking from Castiel to the window where the snow is still blowing furiously.
Following behind Sam closely, Dean checks over his shoulder, making sure there is no one, or thing, behind them. The sound of his heart pounding pierces his eardrums. Taking in his surroundings, he becomes more and more worried about Castiel. Dean curses the angel silently in his mind for not listening to him. He follows Sam around the corner and turns at the sound of his name. Dean’s eyes widen, and his stomach drops while surveying the room and damage. His breathing becomes shallow as he looks back to Sam. “What the…”
Castiel kisses Dean’s hand softly.
“Sorry!” Instinctively, he reaches out to rub the man’s forehead.
“So please, now that you know all this, don’t doubt me.”
Dean licks his lips and nods. “Yeah,” he says, rolling the bottle between his hands a bit, warming the slick liquid up, trying to steady his nerves. Dean pops the cap after a bit and squirts some out onto his right index and middle finger. He leans forward a bit and traces small, slow circles around Castiel’s hole.
Dean nods, starting up the engine before quickly pulling out of the parking lot heading toward the area they had found Sam the night before. His eyes lock on the road in front of him as he grips the wheel firmly. “So you think they have a whole giant... lair underground?” He asks, glancing at Sam out of the corner of his eyes. “You said there were ten or eleven of them, right?”
Dean shrugs, furrowing his eyebrows. “I don’t know. It just happens, Sam.” He says almost defensively. “Go find your own angel and find out for yourself.” Dean shoots back at him. He tilts his head to the side, looking past Sam. “Cas broke the lights…” He offers with a shrug, putting his feet back on the table.
Dean can’t help but smile back at the man and chuckle lightly. He bites down on his bottom lip as his eyes flick over Castiel’s form and smirks. “You’ll see. I hope you like some spice,” he grins.
Castiel watches as Dean becomes embarrassed and smiles at how cute the man looks when he blushes. “Thank you, Dean. I need to retrieve my car, and then I should be fine from there. I have to get a new cell phone and make some calls to get the insurance claim going. Do you know how long it will take for the incident report to be finalized?” Castiel asks, unwrapping his sandwich.
Dean chuckles lightly, looking at Castiel. “Good to know, Cas.” Rolling his eyes at his brother, Dean leans back in his chair, putting his feet up on the table. He shakes his head, finishing his slice of pizza. He yawns, stretching a bit in his chair.
Dean nods. “I do. That’s when my microwave and I took our relationship to the next level,” he grins softly. “Don’t get me wrong, I could whip something up, but I guess I’ve never experimented much,” he says, shifting his weight.
“As many times as I have,” he answers out loud.
“I…” Dean gasps softly and blinks, looking down at Castiel, feeling frozen. He can feel himself twitch in his jeans and hopes it isn’t as noticeable as he thinks it might be.
Castiel climbs into his bed and sits back against the headboard. He knows something he could be doing, or he supposes, someone. Dean would be a very welcome distraction to all of this frustration pent up inside of him. Hell, it’s been since the shower that Castiel has had any release. He drinks from the bottle again, groaning as he thinks back to his lips wrapped around that sinful man. Dean was made for sex, sex with Castiel. He should have told Dean to fuck his mouth. He knows he could have come that way. Just listening to the noises coming from Dean was enough to almost make him spill in his pants.
probably put in all of Dean’s special orders himself, including his most recent one. He scrubs a hand over his face before moving into his bedroom to get dressed.
Dean rolls his eyes at his brother. “Jesus, Sam. He’s not a damn science experiment,” he sighs softly. “Not that I noticed physically, but he doesn’t need much time in between to recuperate like we do,” Dean offers.
Turning on Dean as he walks through the door, Sam steps to his older brother, anger in his eyes. “Care to tell me what that was all about? Why the hell did Cas send me to the bunker? What was this ‘unfinished business’ that was so important I needed to be sent away? Don’t pull that ever again. I was ambushed, Dean,” Sam’s words come in a flurry, and he tries everything he can to not get physical with Dean.
“NO, Sam. I already know what you’re trying to do. I’m a monster!” Dean screams at his brother, turning his back on him.
Dean does his best to keep his eyes focused on the screen in front of him as he hears the water stop. He has no idea what he’s looking at or what’s going on with the television people. Still, it gives him something to direct his gaze at other than the direction that Castiel could be.
Looking at Castiel’s wet, blood-soaked shirt, Sam narrows his eyes. A tick starting in his jaw. “Cas, whose blood is that?”
Eyes rolling back in his head, Castiel moans loud around Dean and sucks hard. He pumps Dean slightly, trying to convey that he wants more, while still circling Dean’s pucker.
“Well, I have to admit that it is a little intoxicating to have the upper hand over you. I always feel like I have to be rather subservient to you, but here,” Castiel motions to the space around them, “here, I am in charge.”
“But Cas, Sam has a spell that can cure me. I don’t have to be a vampire forever. Yeah, it sucks for a while, but I’ll do whatever I have to. I can’t be like this forever, Cas, I can’t be. I have too many things that I need to do, and I can’t do it as a MONSTER.” Dean screams his frustration, yanking the shackles again.
Castiel stands on the small rug, his toes clenching and unclenching the threadbare fabric as Dean prattles on. He feels his resolve wavering. What if Dean really just means this as a joke, and he makes things weird between the two of them.
“Hello, how can we help you,” the host calls after the two of them.
“You never asked if you could touch
Castiel answers Dean’s smile with one of his own. “Is that right?” He leans forward in his chair, and the server comes out with the next dish of sushi. Castiel nods to the man, and the employee leaves. “This is a fatty salmon,” Castiel nods to the orange fish with white stripes. “It’s delicious. They topped it with shaved green onion and soy on the side for dipping. Only dip the fish, else it’ll overpower the taste,” Castiel explains and turns the piece of sushi over, lightly tapping the fish into the sauce. He brings the piece up to his mouth and places it on his tongue, then pulls it back, closing his lips over it. He chews slowly, savoring the food.
Dean’s eyebrows shoot up as he sets the menu to the side, glancing down at the scratches. He swallows hard before clearing his throat, “Those were there when we checked in,” he says cooly before pushing up from the table, grabbing his jacket off the chair. “I can just run up the road to the diner we went to yesterday and grab breakfast,” Dean offers quickly, trying to detour Sam’s attention.
Dean blinks a few times, shaking his head. “What do you mean, last time? We haven’t had a vamp case in years, I think,” Dean says as his eyebrows furrow. He begins going over the details in his mind of the last vamp case they worked on. “And you weren’t even there, were you?” He sighs in frustration.
Dean's eyes narrow, following Castiel’s hands. “You
something to Dean. It was so unique and fit him perfectly. He allows himself to close his eyes and think of the man's face now that he has a name to put with it, and yeah, it worked. But did he really dare visit the guy? Would it seem weird? Should he wait until Castiel is out of the hospital and a little more recovered? Would Castiel even remember him, let alone want to see him? Fuck, was it even normal for Dean to feel this worked up after one rescue?
“You and I are it, buddy,” Samantha snorts.
Pulling away from Castiel, Dean crosses his arms over his chest. “What the hell are you doing here, Crowley? Can’t you see that you interrupted a really great team-building moment,” Dean growls, irritated that the moment was ruined.
Dean blinks and takes a thoughtful sip as he considers the question. He smirks. “Can’t say that I do,” Dean clears his throat. “Do you call everyone ‘angel’?” he questions back.
Dean nods slowly. “She also warned me about getting you too…excited,” he mentions. He licks his lips before swallowing hard and taking another step forward.
Dean chuckles, opening up the driver’s side door and tosses his duffel across the bench seat. “Yes,
“I… I…” Dean stammers, caught off guard, but only for a moment as his rage flames more. “I trust you, Cas. Chuck knows I trust you. I just want ....” Dean turns away, a sob breaking from him. “I want you to love me, Cas. Only me,” Dean whispers.
Castiel blinks open his eyes, the sunlight blinding him temporarily. His vision blurs and slowly focuses on the face of a beautiful man. Castiel reaches up, his hand cupping the stranger’s face. Taking a shuddering breath, he coughs, his grip faltering. Castiel tries to make words, but his throat is parched, and his lungs hurt so much. He coughs a few more times and licks his chapped lips. “Are you an angel?” Castiel finally manages, his voice rough with smoke inhalation.
>> Dean sent me a text, told me I should check on you. Something I should know about?
The water of the shower is hot, and the air soon fills with steam. For a dingy cabin in the middle of the woods, the pressure isn’t bad. Castiel stoops a little to put his head under the stream, leaning on the wall in front of him with his hands. He tries to clear his mind, to focus on the task at hand, but his thoughts keep taking him back to Dean. Forcing himself of his reverie, he looks for soap or shampoo but finds none. He shrugs and turns the water off. As soon as he opens the curtain, goosebumps form on his body. He looks around. No towel. Dean must have given him the only one earlier. He eyes his wet clothes bunched in an unappealing pile on the floor. Stepping out of the tub, Castiel tries to shake the water off as much as possible. He then gets close to the door and calls out.
Dean sighs and does as he’s told and assumes his position, climbing up the couch and Castiel. He grips himself at the base and moans softly, looking down at the other man. “Fuck, Cas, I...” he trails off, losing his train of thought in the blue pools of Castiel’s eyes.
"I have never wanted anything more. Straddle my chest. Fuck me, please fuck me,” Castiel begs, slipping his hands behind Dean’s knees and pulling him closer.
“You keep looking back at Sam, is there something wrong with him? I think he will be asleep for another hour or so. Suppose there is something you want to tell me about the job. In that case, I think it would be safe enough to share with me now,” Castiel offers, raking a look over Dean’s form, “also, if you need me to help you with that stiffness, I can heal you, Dean.” Castiel adds, standing as he crosses the room to meet Dean.
Dean moans loudly, biting down gently at the sensitive skin on Castiel’s neck. He quickens his pace taking in the entire length of Castiel’s member. “
He lifts his head and turns to look at Dean.
it about Castiel? He couldn’t for the life of him ever remember anyone making him feel as on edge as Cas was. But the thing about it was, Dean didn’t necessarily dislike the feeling. It was invigorating in a way he had only ever found in his line of work. He shakes his head to clear out his thoughts and goes back to trying to focus on the television.
“Forgot something!” says Crowley, suddenly reappearing.
Castiel climbs the stairs and dusts his shoulders; he looks at the sky.  This is going to be a bad one.  Hopefully, Sam is in a warm place. He walks past Dean and gives the cabin a cursory look. No signs of a fight.  A blanket is neatly folded on the couch.  Knowing the younger Winchester, he could have slept here and tidied up everything.
Blinking himself out of his thoughts, he shakes his head a bit. Castiel was pure sex, and Dean was in way over his fucking head. “I’d hate for you to cook on my account. We could just order in if you’d like,” he offers.
Dean’s brow furrows, and looks at the kid in confusion. “Huh, this isn’t...how?” He questions. This was the furthest thing from a date, right?
Dean’s eyes widen momentarily before shaking his head as he bites his lip. “Fuck you, Sam,” he chuckles as he picks up his discarded beer cap on the table and tosses it across the table at Sam.
The second chapter of the day! WOOO! Also very short, but there are two now! I hope you enjoy them!
“You ever have sex in the back of her?” Castiel asks, running his hand over her hood.
The press of Castiel’s hands on his body almost completely undo him where he stands. Dean cannot stifle the moan that escapes his lips when Castiel’s hands are entirely on his body. “Damn, that’s good,” he says aloud, then groans, realizing he just said that out loud.
Dean watches Castiel intently and narrows his eyes a bit. “Cas...” he says, taking a deep breath and putting a hand on the other man’s shoulder.
Castiel shivers with anticipation. “It is terrific, but I’ve had better meat,” he grins.
and finds his way up to the floor and unit that Castiel's mischievous messenger told him he was on. Letting out a nervous breath as he approaches the nurse’s station on the floor, he taps his knuckles on the desk, smiling politely at the nurse, trying to play it cool.
“What are you doing here?” Dean snaps at Castiel, the words coming out more sharply than he intends them to be. He sighs as his hand absentmindedly reaches up, rubbing over the bruise on his neck. Stepping further into the room, he removes his jacket tossing it on his bed.
“We’re not done here.” Castiel smiles at Dean, their cocks rubbing against each other, both of them weeping and throbbing. Castiel reaches down, gripping them together, spreading the moisture, and Dean groans at the pressure from his hand. “I’ve been waiting to take you like this for so long. To share myself with you.” Castiel takes his fingers into his mouth, coating them with his slick saliva, and his hand disappears between Dean’s cheeks.
“I think I get the best sleep on my stomach or side with one arm under my pillow kinda deal. What about you?” Dean smiles, picking up his food, and biting the next piece in half.
“You’re not going to stop me, Dean?” Castiel opens his eyes, pinning Dean with a stare. “You were going to let me finish, weren’t you?” He asks and pushes himself up the bed. Castiel smiles wide at the man at the end of his bed. He pushes a button on the bed, and the lights come up in the room.
Crowley stands up, stashes the angel blade away, and straightens his jacket.
Dean sucks in a breath and bites his bottom lip before licking it. “Do you want my mouth?” He offers, his voice thick with lust.
“It is true?!” Dean asks again, his voice rising. He doesn’t look at the angel, just keeps his gaze in the sink. Dean’s back muscles bulge and flex as he grips the sink. Dean’s breaths come out slightly labored as he continues to stuff his rage back inside of himself.
Dean nods, making another turn. “Just check out. I’ll grab everything from the room.” He replies, “I meant what I said, Sam. I’m going to find a way to bring him back.” He pauses, taking in a shaky breath before continuing. “I didn’t mean a deal. There has to be something back at the bunker…”
Dean starts changing, not giving Sam a thought, quickly pulling on his jeans and a new t-shirt before throwing on a red and black flannel. He looks at Sam and shakes his head. “I know, but Cas... he’s not thinking clearly,” Dean sighs, walking over to grab his jacket, slipping it on. “He said he found their base. But I guess we can start at the place we pulled you from last night. He offered, not sure where to go from here. “Goddammit, I told him not to do this.”
Samantha’s reply comes after some seconds.
Once out of the fire, Dean removes his helmet and facemask and takes a moment to assess the victim. The man doesn’t appear injured, and Dean removes a glove to check the man's pulse and lets out a sigh of relief when he feels one. He presses the button on the radio on his shoulder. “I got a pulse. I repeat I got a pulse,” Dean reports. “White male, early to mid-thirties, no apparent injuries. I need O2 in the alley behind the building. STAT.”
“I’m an angel of the Lord. I have lived eons before you came along, and I will live long after your bones have turned to dust. What makes you think I can’t handle a few cases?”
Dean swallows down his bite hard and reaches for his beer to wash it down. He swallows down the gulp and meets Castiel’s eyes. “Name it.”
“Yet I will embrace the pain willingly because this time we get together is more important than anything in the world.”
“Tentacles, huh?” Benny chuckles. “That's the Japanese cartoon porn stuff, isn’t it?”
Castiel looks over to Dean. “Leave the motel and turn left down the road. Sam feels like he’s nearby. I’ll tell you when to turn again.” Castiel says, his voice hollow again as he concentrates.
“It's not a big deal, Dean,” Castiel chuckles, waving it off. “I don’t mind an audience. Although, I think I’d rather you join me,” he clicks his tongue, scanning his company with a searing look. “So what brings you to my den of lust?” Castiel jokes.
Dean gapes at the insinuation of Castiel’s words for a moment. He nods with a quick smile as he readies the second plate. “Yeah? I was hoping you liked it,” he grins.
“I remember getting into a fight with some vampires. I remember warning Sam, and then it gets messed up. I keep seeing a bar and a dark-haired woman. Cas…” Dean squints his eyes, struggling to recall it all. “I remember us, being close… uhhhh, did I… kiss… you?”
The next few moments are a flurry of activity. Dean allows the steady stream of adrenaline to carry him as he finishes suiting up. He fixes his hood and pulls on his oxygen tank and breathing apparatus, trying to ignore the slight tremor in his hands. Dean lets out a stuttering breath as he attempts to calm his nerves as the realness of everything starts to slam into him. He pulls on his helmet, cycling through his training since becoming full time.
“Dean, do I make you uncomfortable?” Castiel asks innocently. “You always rub your neck when I ask difficult questions,” Castiel steps closer, his legs framing Dean’s, “or if I get too close. Does me being this close bother you?” Castiel leans into Dean, placing his hands on the counter behind the man, pressing the length of him against the hardness of the handsome man that Castiel has sworn to protect with his life. The closeness making his heart beat faster, and Castiel relishes the feeling, embracing the strength that it gives him.
“As I need you, forever by my side. You’ve given me the best gift I’ve ever had,” Castiel whispers, his body still quivering as he is still emptying into the other man. His body calms slowly, and Castiel pulls his wings back carefully, trying not to destroy the table in the process. Gingerly, he pushes off the table and Dean, standing between the man’s legs. He very slowly unsheathes himself, holding Dean’s legs as support.
Nodding, Castiel’s smile thins out, and he runs his tongue between them nervously. “I might take you up on that,” he half-lies, “can’t have him in a bad mood, now can we?”
Samantha smiles wide. “I found him,” she breathes out, waiting on her boss’s reaction.
“Yes, you are acknowledging I asked for you? Or yes, you want me to continue?” Castiel’s voice dips low, his hands finally finding his hardness. His eyes darken as he tips his chin up in challenge.
“This next part is going to be most unpleasant,” Castiel warns, taking the warm washcloth to Dean’s left leg. He passes it over his flesh, cleaning the rest of the blood, and other things, from his skin. He repeats this with the right leg, after cleaning off the rag. One final dip into the water and places one hand on Dean’s chest as he uses the cloth to clean Dean’s now flaccid penis. Dean shudders, but it does not spring to life this time.
“What is it?” Castiel asks, not looking up from cutting into his steak.
(See the end of the chapter for
, Dean, stop. He lets out a breath and looks up toward the ceiling, closing his eyes. Castiel isn’t his, and he very well may never be. Deal with it, Dean reminds himself. Regardless, in these few moments, it’s nice to pretend, even just for a minute.
Running his hand across Dean’s broad shoulders, Castiel takes the seat on the other side of the table. “I like Japanese food, and I might have a drinking hobby,” he bites his lip. “I really like this place, and when I don’t feel like cooking, I come here. Nothing special. Just a lonely person ordering food,” Castiel blinks.
Dean nods in agreement with a smile, excited to learn more about Castiel. “Sounds about right,” he says, just hoping anything he shares doesn’t make the other man think less of him. “Anything specific you want to know about?” He shoots, taking another sip.
” he tries to projects telepathically, gripping Dean’s ass in his free hand.
Happy Christmas Eve! We are closing in on the last chapters. One more and we'll be done with Set Fire To My Heart! I'm going to post it tomorrow, on Christmas Day, as a gift to all of you wonderful people. HearMe-Out and I are so very happy that you love this as much as you do! Now, let's get on with the show!
Dean’s eyes widen at Sam’s question. He shrugs nonchalantly as he makes his way over to the coffee pot, pouring himself a cup. “Umm, okay. I guess.” He takes a sip, almost coughing it up as it goes down his throat. Dean looks at the coffee in the cup. “Sam, did you make this coffee?” He swallows as he stares at Sam intently.
“I… I’m sorry, I’m not sure what has come over me either.” Castiel says, dipping the cloth into the water a few times, and wringing it again. “There is an aura around you, different than usual. I’m not sure if it the new vampire power or something else…”
Dean sighs, walking back over to his dresser. “Um, not as intense. The worst it’s ever been for me was when I realized how badly I wanted...
Castiel moves to stand in front of Dean, looking over his chained up person. “I will not continue to have you be my prisoner. I need you to be free. This hurts me too much to see you like this, and I know you can’t be enjoying this any more than I.”
Castiel’s breath hitches, and tears start to well in his eyes. Dean’s checking on him, but is that normal behavior for sex partners? Narrowing his eyes, he types his next message carefully.
Dean jumps as the door slams open, “Jesus Cas! Maybe a little warning next time?” He stares at the angel by the door. “Did you find anything?” Dean asks, digging around in the cupboards and finding them to be rather stocked. “Always leave it to Sammy to be prepared,” Dean says to himself in a low voice. He grabs a couple of cans of vegetables and raids the fridge for more goods.
Sam leans in towards Dean, wasting no time, keeping his voice low, just in case Castiel decides to walk in. “So, what happened in the motel, Dean? Don’t dodge the questions either.” Sam tips his head to the side, waiting.
Setting down the bowl, Castiel walks up to Dean, looking him over, and careful not to brush against, well, any of him. “Dean, again, I’m going to apologize, because this will not be pleasant. It will probably be painful for both of us. We have to get you better.”
“Yeah, sure. Thanks. As soon as you get back, I’m starting the inquisition. So don’t take too long,” Sam almost pouts, realizing he let his brother get away and almost let him change the subject. He shakes his head, looking back into the book he was reading.
Dumping the water into the sink, Castiel turns the hot water on. The grime and blood make its way down the drain, and Castiel just stares at the running water, his thoughts racing through his mind. His hands clenching tightly to the sink. How can he get the vampire blood clean? Rinsing the rag, he fills the bowl with hot water again. Thinking aloud, “The next part of the cleansing may make Dean a little uncomfortable, but I’ll do what I can for him, and we’ll see what happens.”
It takes all of a few more grazes against Castiel’s prostate, and his cock kicks. “Dean, I’m gonna come,” he warns, his hole clenching around the other man’s fingers. “I’m, oh fuck,
Castiel smirks at Dean, talking about his “girl.” He pops the next piece of sushi in his mouth, thinking about what really fills his time. After he’s finished chewing, Castiel clears his throat. “I run when I’m not overseeing the store, that is. I only have Samantha working at the store, and I fill in all the additional time. Before the fire, I was getting ready to hire someone else,” he drops his voice, the idea of everything just gone, striking a nerve.
“I’m feeling calm. I don’t feel like I want to rip your throat out. I’m assuming your Grace did the job?” Dean muses, scanning the man next to him. He feels a strong need to press his body against Castiel’s and acts on it.
This is it, the last chapter of Cursed Intentions. Sorry, it took so long. Some things got in the way, and well, I also didn't want to end it yet. Here it is for all of you though, and a new Complete tag has been added as well.
Dean freezes and pales slightly at the sound of the man’s name. Had he heard right when he came around the corner? Had Castiel really asked her to seek Dean out? He clears his throat, looks back to the woman, and attempts to say something but nothing comes out.
“No, Cas.” Dean laughs nervously. “It’ll go away…soon enough,” he shrugs and looks back to Castiel. “Sam’s fine, too.” He taps his thumb on the table. “There’s not much going on with the case. We just got in about a day ago. These just seem like your average vamps, Cas. What did you mean you felt something different with them?” Dean says, tilting his head to the side a bit.
“I’m sorry you worried for me. I… wasn’t sure you wanted me around. I know it was dangerous to go down there, but I couldn’t let anything happen to Sam, and I didn’t want you to fall into a trap. I wouldn’t survive your loss, Dean.” Castiel’s voice cracks, a sob escaping. Looking over at Dean, tears fill his eyes but don’t spill. Castiel reflects on the night, how he raged and cried over the idea that he could have lost Dean.
Yet as he does, he feels a little surge of courage. Quickly, before logic comes back to make him change his mind, he drops the towel, pushes the shower curtain, and steps in the tub.
Dean furrows his eyebrows, looking at Castiel before grabbing another slice of pizza. He takes a large bite. “Anyway, are you done with your inquisition, Sam?” He mumbles with a mouth full of food.
“I suppose this is as good an occasion as any, huh?” Castiel’s eyes dart to Dean’s plush lips, slick with beer. “I’m sorry, I don’t entertain often. I’m not sure what to do in this situation,” Castiel reveals, breathily.
The nurse looks up from her clipboard. “Hello. Mr. Novak is in room 205. Just be quiet when you enter. He is on strict orders to rest,” she smiles at Dean and nods over towards the closed door.
“I’m sorry, Dean, but it didn’t. I hope I didn’t hurt you too badly.” Castiel apologizes, removing the needles and tubes from the other man’s body. “I think I have something else that will work, at least, I hope it will.”
“Dean, I’m sorry.” Sam falls silent as they drive back to the motel. “I’ll bring everything out and get us checked out. I don’t think it would be good to leave a dead body in the car, alone,” Sam glances back at Castiel’s form in the back seat. He sighs shakily, trying to let reality settle in.
Dean shakes his head, unable to stop a grin from spreading across his face at their teasing. He smiles at his angel, returning his wink. Dean chuckles, reaching for the pizza. He peeks under the lid before flinging it all the way open. “Ugh, finally,” Dean says, licking his lips before grabbing a piece and taking a large bite.
Dean nods as he opens the trunk. “He’s not thinking right, Sam. Cas is going to get himself hurt,” Dean says as calmly as possible. Grabbing a machete, he holds it out to Sam. “And he’s lucky that blast didn’t do more damage than it did,” he finishes.
Dean chuckles as his legs feel shaky, and he lowers himself, straddling Castiel’s lap. He takes in a large breath, finally feeling himself come back to his body. “Jesus Christ,” he murmurs, running a hand over his face. “That was amazing. Thank you,” he lets out a soft, sated sigh.
“I want you to shower for me.”
“I don’t normally feel pain, human pain. Actually, I didn’t think I was even able to cry. My grace must be still settling.”
“I was careless and tripped an explosion. Luckily, Sam was not hurt, and it helped me find him rather quickly. Now, we need to leave before the vampires are alerted, and we are forced to fight,” Castiel stumbles against the wall momentarily.
The truck pulls up to the structure, and Dean's eyes widen to see the familiar place in the state it’s currently in. If he hadn’t been there as many times as he had, the site would be nearly unrecognizable. The front display window has melted by the fire’s temperature, and smoke is pouring out of the front of the building. For a moment, Dean can see nothing but red, orange, and black. He lets out a breath and narrows his eyes in determination. “Born ready,” he says, jumping down out of the rig.
“Then you don’t have to be,” Dean swallows, leaning down, pressing his lips to the top of Castiel’s head. “Of course I’ll stay,” he says softly, feeling slightly selfish but wanting to soak up any amount of time Castiel is willing to spend with him.
Castiel finishes the large bite in his mouth. “I’m sorry, it is rude to talk with my mouth full. I was trying to say that I just need a shower and I’ll be ready shortly. The remote for the television is on the table in the other room. I shouldn’t be more than twenty minutes,” Castiel nods down the hall, then he wanders off. “Thanks again for the burrito, Dean,” Castiel calls out, disappearing into a doorway.
Castiel hears the door to the restroom open, and he looks under the door. He grips himself a little tighter, then looks at his watch. It’s been five minutes since he told Dean to join him in the bathroom. Assuming Dean lost his nerve, Castiel tucks himself away with a sigh and exits the stall. He smiles at the gentleman and washes his hands. Castiel leaves the room, then walks back to the table, looking at Dean. Sliding back into his seat, he takes up his glass of wine and empties it, setting the empty glass back on the table.
“Who was that?” Castiel asks, rubbing a hand down his face. He looks over to the bank of cameras again to make sure there are no more customers in the store.
Dean lets out a breath he didn’t know he was holding at the sound of Castiel’s request. He immediately gets up from his place on the couch, swiping the blanket and dragging it with him over to his crying angel. “It would be my pleasure, Cas,” Dean sidles up next to the other man, his back to the cabinet, mirroring him. He puts the blanket over the front of both of them. “You can rest now Cas, I’m here, and I’m not going anywhere,” Dean croons.
“I got him to open his eyes for a minute, and he was responsive before passing out again. He couldn’t tell me his name or any identifying information. Smoke inhalation, I’m sure, but no other apparent injuries. I started him on two liters of O2 via non-rebreather,” Dean breathes.
Dean cups Castiel’s cheek and smiles brightly down at him as another low moan escapes him. He rolls his hips as he continues to ride him. Dean runs a thumb over Castiel’s cheek, wiping away the wetness. He kisses his other cheek tasting the saltiness of Castiel’s tears. “I love you so much,” he says, voice cracking a bit before burying his face in Castiel’s neck, inhaling his intoxicating woody, minty scent.
Dean pulls up close to Castiel’s ear. “You don’t have that kind of angel blade right now, Cas.”
“She said a lot of things, Dean,” Castiel breathes and tilts his head up.
Castiel tips his head to the side, the look that says he’s confused, and his brow knots together. “Dean, what are you talking about?” He licks his lips, holding out. He reaches out to Dean’s neck. “Is this causing you to act like this? Where did this come from?” Castiel narrows his eyes at the mark, then lets his eyes wander to meet Dean’s again.
“Dean, I can bring you back, but I’m going to also transfuse blood into you as I drain you.” Castiel moves another machine closer and a hospital pole. He walks over to a hidden refrigerator, pulling out bags of blood matching Dean’s blood type. “I’m prepared.”
he spits as he empties himself down Castiel’s throat.
Fuck. Dean sighs heavily, staring at the empty seat Castiel occupied not moments ago. That went just about the way he thought it would. Dean looks at the table and decides to make himself useful. He clears off the surface, putting their dishes in the dishwasher and gets rid of the empty bottles, tidying up the kitchen. Taking a seat, Dean buries his face in his hands, unsure of his next move. He could just go to sleep in the room he was offered, or could just leave and try to forget about the other man. Dean sits for a moment and runs through his options.
Dean watches Castiel, eyes wide in awe, and smiles, listening as Castiel speaks. If he didn’t feel he was batting out of his league before, he definitely feels it now. “Thank you,” Dean clears his throat, taking his seat and smoothing down his pants and shirt. How could someone as sophisticated and elegant as Castiel want anything to do with him?
Castiel opens the door quietly, as not to disturb Dean and pulls back the curtain.
“We could do something more than run if you need to get physical,” Castiel offers and wraps his hand around Dean’s wrist, squeezing gently.
Ohhhhh Baby!
“In what ways do you like me, Dean?” Castiel asks, finally looking up. He stops moving his fork and knife and waits.
Dean's heart threatens to beat right out of his rib cage as they near the building and can see the black smoke billowing in the sky.  Someone’s inside. Someone that might be trapped, injured, or…
“First, I would kiss those lips of yours. Get them so swollen,” Castiel breathes, taking a step closer to the shower. He places his hand against the warm glass, watching Dean as he pleasures himself.
“Okay,” Dean heads deeper into the cabin. “Hey, Boyyo! Where are you?” Dean calls out for Sam, still not hearing any kind of rustling. Climbing the stairs to the second floor, his head peeking over the stairs, but no one is there. Dean climbs back down, hanging out on the main floor, waiting on Castiel to finish his sweep of the area.
>> Did he say anything else?
Dean’s eyes shift between Castiel and Sam, seeing that Sam was still asleep. He relaxes slightly, hearing the soft snores of Sam. Dean turns his attention back to Castiel and smiles weakly, sitting up a little more in the bed. He sighs, rubbing the back of his neck clearing his throat. “Cas, it’s just a small vamp nest. It’s a milk run for us.” He leans back against the headboard as he narrows his eyes at Castiel.
He closes his eyes and tries to scan the area, but he is overcome by dizziness instead of the usual hum. He leans against one of the wooden posts supporting the loft. It seems as though the floor is caving under his feet. The walls warp around him. He shuts his eyes tight, riding the storm. He groans.
Dean blinks rapidly, not really believing his eyes. He looks down at the growing bulge in his pants and curses himself. “
Castiel climbs into the back seat, still scanning the area for vampires. Satisfied that there they are alone, he leans forward, “Dean, it’s safe to go.”
Dean nods, setting his cup down on the countertop before walking over to his bed and sitting down. “No, I’m fine. I just gotta remember to not drink so much before bed, and whatever you do... don’t call Cas.” Sighing, he runs a hand over his damp hair looking at the ground for a moment before looking back to Sam. “Now, would you please go get in the shower so we can get a move on?”
Sam’s voice causes Dean to jump slightly as he slips off the bed, falling onto his ass. He groans, reaching for the discarded towel, quickly wrapping it around himself again as he clears his throat. “Yeah, I’m good,” Dean yells back to Sam as he pulls himself to his feet. Dean locates his clothes quickly, pulls them on, and decides to ignore the angry bite mark on his hip. Dean tucks his still erect cock into the elastic waistband on his boxer briefs. Making his way back into the kitchenette, he grabs his cup of coffee and sits down at the table, rubbing his face with his hands.
Rolling his eyes at his younger brother, Dean shakes his head. “What, a guy can’t help his brother research monsters?” He clears his throat, shutting the book with a sigh. “I’m starving. I was going to grab us some breakfast,” Dean says, standing up from the table.
Sam stares at his brother, seeing the bruises and bite marks riddling his body. “Dean, who marked you?” His jaw clenches, anger filling his eyes.
Dean’s body stiffens as Castiel slowly inserts his fingers into the other man’s body. Using his powers, he lubes his fingers, making it wetter and Castiel gingerly opens Dean up to him. Dean cries out as a pulse of grace fills him. He pulls Castiel closer to him, his cock straining against the angel’s stomach. “God damn it, Cas,” Dean blurts out.
“You’re right, you’re right,” Dean relents. He stands up, making his way around the couch. Slowly, Dean makes his way back over to Castiel and stands in front of him. He places his hands over Castiel’s where they rest on his legs, threads his fingers between the angel’s. “Can we start over? Preferably at the part where we were confessing our true feelings for each other?” Dean holds his breath, waiting to see what kind of action Castiel will choose.
“Hey Dean, I’m up in the Ozarks. I was trailing that werewolf, and I’m holed in some cabin. I’m really gonna need your help on this one, I think. Call me when you get this, and I’ve sent the directions through the maps app,” Dean hangs up the phone, trying to call Sam’s phone again, but he doesn’t answer. “Damnit, Sammy. Where the hell are you?” He throws the Impala into park, looking at the cabin in front of them. Snow is softly falling, covering the hood of the car. Turning to Castiel, he cocks a brow, “You ready, amigo?”
Dean shuffles in the shower, almost slipping as Castiel enters. “Dammit, Cas, you actually came,” his voice full of panic and alarm, with a hint of something else. “I’m naked behind this curtain,” he says, applying the sound ‘ole Winchester logic. “I don’t think you really want to see that. Plus, I don’t have a way to cover myself… so you’ve got me in a bit of a precarious situation,” Dean continues to stammer. He’s not sure if he’s stalling for time or trying to get the angel to go away. He never would have thought, in all these years, his real prayer would be answered.
A light sound of ruffling feathers answers Sam’s prayers. “Hello, Sam,” the deep gravelly voice is music to his ears as he looks up at Castiel. Tears streaming down Sam’s face, he is surrounded by a mess of papers and books, the aftermath of an earlier tantrum.
“What?!” Garth gapes, rushing to a mirror on the other wall.
“Please, be my guest,” says Crowley. "I have better things to do than to attend to your brother’s business… wherever he may be,” he adds with a grin.
Breathing hard, Castiel sits up, pulling Dean into his lap. His cock still inhumanly erect. “Cas, what!?” Dean says, surprised by the angel’s strength and sudden action.
Dean’s head continues to hang, his breathing deep and even. He appears to be sleeping, probably exhausted from the vampire fights, the conversion, and the powers used on him. Castiel is gentle as he approaches the man and uses sharp scissors to first cut into his black flannel shirt. Cutting away the clothes wakes Dean, who begins to fight against his restraints. Castiel takes the scissors, placing them next to the bowl of water.
“I have been waiting for you since time began. I have always known you would be in my charge. I waited eons. I fought wars, neared death, and the whole while, I prayed that I would live to accomplish my God-given duty. And then you came along.” Castiel smiles, but his eyes are filled with hurt.
“Ask away, brother.” Dean shrugs, cocking an eyebrow at his brother as he picks up his glass and swishes the amber liquid around in it. He eyes Sam as he orders the pizza. “Bacon, for the love of God Sam, please tell them bacon.” He closes his eyes as his stomach growls.
“Thanks,” Dean accepts the beer and takes a quick sip, tasting the beverage. He makes a low hum of approval and shrugs, looking back up at Castiel. “Oh you know, got stuck in my firefighter phase as a kid and never grew out of it,” he smiles. “What about you?” He smirks.
Dean awakens, his head pounding, and his arms shackled above him to the wall. Pulling against the chains, he can feel that it is useless to fight. Dean isn’t going to escape. Looking around the dimly lit room, he is unsure where he is. The heavily warded area looks like it protects against everything. What kind of person would have a place like this?
“I want that ass, Dean. I beg that you leave it for me,” Castiel pants, jerking against the glass. His cock kicks once, and he tosses his head back. “So hot,” Castiel groans.
Dean places a kiss on the angel’s soft lips, surprising the other man. He wraps his arms around his lower body, locking his legs with Castiel’s. “Dean, what are you…?” His words are cut off by another scorching kiss.
“Promise me. Promise me you will take me along again. I will go mad if I have to stay alone in the bunker.” His voice cracks.
Spreading his legs wider, Castiel looks down his body, watching Dean work. He props one leg on the table behind them, giving the other man more access. He breathes hard and stares.
Dean’s lips seal over the cut, taking in the Grace and making Castiel shiver all over. A moan escapes from his mouth as he pushes the man’s head closer, tipping his own head back and leaning his body against Dean’s. The feeling is blissful and strangely erotic. Making Castiel instantly hard and wanting. He wraps his arms around Dean’s naked shoulders, holding him tight.
Dean takes a step inside the house, looking around briefly before looking back at Castiel. “Well, it looks like you could use
“It makes me happy that you’re into trying new things,” Castiel beams. Taking another sip of wine, he continues on the conversation with newfound ease, having gotten the worst details out onto the table. “So what do you do when you’re not working?”
Castiel’s hair before he gets in the hot shower.
Well, my Beauties, that is the end of Good 'Til the Last Drop! I want to thank everyone for the love and support. I am breathless with all the hits and kudos. I hope you'll come back for the next stories I have planned. Some are sweet, some angsty, but I believe they're all really fun. I teamed up with some really amazing authors to co-author them and I believe they turned out great! I thank you again and remember you are loved, especially by me!
“You don’t want to catch the angel clap.”
” Castiel gasps, “Baby, that tongue.” His eyes flutter closed, and he digs his head deeper into the pillowed backing behind him.
“Sam, now’s not the time,” Dean says sharply, glaring at his brother. He rolls his eyes and exhales. “Look, once we take out this nest and make sure Cas is okay, I’ll answer all your questions. Okay?” He offers, hoping it’ll be enough.
Dean shrugs. “If you don’t want the party to end, we could watch a movie or something,” he offers with a small laugh.
Once inside the safety of his room, Castiel falls onto his bed and groans. It would be like him to move too fast and not see all the flags waving in his face. “Not a virgin, but damn close,” he mumbles into the pillow. His cock twitches in his pants at that prospect of deflowering Dean, but that idea is plain disrespectful. That man deserves so much more than some thirsty middle-aged shop owner. Growling, he decides to take matters and other things into his own hands. Maybe if he isn’t strung so tight, he can salvage the night.
“I have been nothing if not loyal. Yet one word from this hellish fiend, and you turn on me. Is this the extent of your trust in me?”
Taking the papers, Castiel’s eyes go wide at the mention of Dean. “He, really?” He stumbles on the words, his chest aching with a long-forgotten emotion. Was Dean talking about him to other people? Has Castiel been reading Dean’s intentions wrong? Tossing his customer service mask in place, he brightens his smile. “As you can see, I’m a picture of health,” he says, even doing a twirl, much to the woman’s delight. She laughs sweetly and waves her hand.
“Mmm yeah,” Dean breathes. “Ke...keep telling me what you’re going to do to me,” he groans, cupping his balls as they inch closer to his body. “You wanna wreck this virgin ass?” A loud moan slips out of his mouth.
“Of course not, Cas.” Dean’s brow furrows as he sets his pizza down, grabbing his beer twisting off the cap. “I just said it was amazing. You’re amazing,” he takes a sip. “Didn’t your wings come out?” He asks, trying to run through the details through his memory.
“I understand. We have vampires to hunt, too.” Castiel closes the curtain, walking out of the bathroom, closing the door behind him. He snaps his fingers, but Sam doesn’t appear. Castiel snaps again, and nothing happens. He rushes back to the bathroom. “Dean, we have a problem,” his voice laced with real panic.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel says, a pleasant smile on his face, like all the other times he’s greeted Dean.
Opening his mouth wide, Castiel takes a breath and licks at Dean’s tip. Slowly, he extends his tongue and uses the end to hook under the hood of Dean’s cock.
“If you’re up for another round, I am.” Castiel smiles brilliantly at the other man, winking at him.
“Oh...I uh, I mean, yeah, I’m having dinner with someone, but he isn’t… and we aren’t…” Dean trails off, not wanting to make himself sound any more stupid than he already feels. But his cursed blush gives him away as the kid grins at him.
Dean smirks, “Just answering your question,” he says innocently, scooping up some of the potatoes with his fork.
The floor is covered in Dean’s seed, and his head lolling forward, his body ultimately spent. He’s hardly able to hold himself up on his badly shaking legs. Castiel licks the liquid off his fingers, moaning slightly at the musky taste of Dean’s passion, then collects the discarded washcloth to wipe the rest of it off. Discomforted somewhat by his own erection, Castiel adjusts himself, collects the bowl, and quickly teleports back to the room with the sink, before Dean wakes.
It’s hours later when he finishes. Sure as shit, the cause of the fire was at the cash register. Samantha was right. He should have let her clean. The power bar shorted and caught the rolls of receipt tape on fire. That pop he heard must have been when the electrical failed. Castiel looks down at his notes. Feeling almost ready to take on the insurance company, he grabs another coffee, then opens his wallet as it’s brewing. The small paper with Dean’s number taunts him from between a couple of business cards. Dean’s handwriting is startling clean and easy to read.
Castiel drops the towel, scrambling to pick it up from the floor, then all but runs back to the bathroom, slamming the door shut. What is it with this place? Is this a setup? Did Sam and Dean plan this for some twisted reason? Castiel takes a deep breath. He needs to calm down. He dries his hair quickly and wraps the towel around his waist. He picks up his clothes and steps out into the living room again.
Dean takes a deep breath and pushes up from the table and makes his way into the guest bedroom before he loses his nerve. He looks around the luxurious space and whistles low through his teeth. Dean nods, bringing himself back to his mission. He finds the guest bath and locates a towel. Removing his clothes, Dean folds them neatly and wraps the towel low on his waist. He turns the shower on and returns to the bedroom, making sure the door is wide open. He takes a seat on the edge of the bed and waits, hoping this works.
“That sounds like a great idea. Wanna take it to your place?” Castiel asks, taking a bite of his potato. He licks his lips thinking about being in Dean’s space.
Remorse darkens Castiel’s features, “Dean,” he begins, “What do you remember?”
“That girl in Colorado. I found that case! I could have helped! Had you had put your feelings aside, I might have been able to save her. She might still be alive!”
Castiel pauses at Dean’s joke, then shakes his head. He pulls out the last shard and puts the pliers on the table, then Castiel looks up at the man.
“I do, I do,” Dean chuckles nervously. “You’re just ridiculously gorgeous,” he breathes and presses the glistening tip of his cock to Castiel’s lip, and a sharp moan flows from his throat to the space between them.
Sam stops the music on his phone, shutting the water off quickly after, and exits the tub.
Dean watches Castiel and nods in understanding, and follows his movements with his piece of fish. He pops it into his mouth and hums softly, enjoying the new dish. He swallows it down and licks the extra dipping sauce off his lips. “Damn, that’s good.”
Dean nods, glancing around the room, making sure he has everything before grabbing his keys and making his way to the door. “Yeah, let’s go,” Dean replies, running a hand over his face.
you…” He answers, his voice low. He slides his soaked pajama pants and boxers down around his ankles before kicking them aside. Reaching into a drawer, Dean pulls out a pair of black boxer briefs and slips them on before walking back over to the bed. He climbs onto the bed and straddles Castiel’s hips. Leaning down, he kisses Castiel softly before leaning his forehead against the angel’s. “I’m going to try and get you off... see if it helps you any.” He wets his lips. “Tell me what you want, Cas,” he pleads.
>> Boss Man, is that you?
Looking around the destroyed bunker, the walls riddled with bullets and holes from the rockets that were lobbed at him, Castiel struggles to stand. The vampires were tough to kill. Even smiting them took some extra power. Underestimating what the leader could do was his biggest downfall and why he is as hurt as he is now. Castiel scans the bodies, searching for life or movement. Pleased that there is none, Castiel lays back on the floor, allowing the darkness to swallow him, but not before seeing a pair of beautiful green eyes.
Dean’s eyes narrow, grabbing the remote and turning the television off. “Um, home?” He furrows his brow, thinking of to whom the voice belongs.
“Yeah, it’s still out in my car. I can go grab it,” he says, moving towards the door but stops when he hears Castiel’s words. “Cas?” Dean calls back, trying to make sure he’s okay.
“Good,” Dean says from around Castiel. This is the angel’s undoing, and he growls, coming hard down Dean’s throat, pumping his mouth, and holding the back of Dean’s neck.
“Dean put me down! You will get glass in your feet!”
I'm going to be honest with everyone. I thought I posted this chapter along with chapter 7. So imagine my surprise when I looked at it, then the chapter count... and groaned whole-heartedly.... This should have been included. Welp, it's here now!
Castiel stares at the fire for a while, Dean’s humming and clanking fading out as he focuses.  Ever since he got his grace back, his powers have returned. He has taken so much damage that he sometimes feels like a car fixed after a crash; the body looks like new, but the engine won’t ever truly perform as it used to.  His brow furrows.  Has Dean noticed?  Is this why...
okay!” Sam gestures to the angel, who is no longer fighting. “I’m scared for him, man,” Sam looks to his brother for answers.
Castiel wipes his face with the towel again. The blanket feels nice. Dean’s warm shoulder against his feels nicer.
,” he gasps, his climax rushing around in his belly, looking for a way to push Castiel over the cliff.
“Other than the additional power you’re talking about, that sounds like a regular human Dean. Except this one has bloodlust and fangs. Also, I’ll look into it. You know, earlier I was reading something in this book here,” Sam grabs a large book with a faded green cover, “it says that an angel’s Grace can heal and recover a human. What if we try that? You’re more than juiced up, and Dean isn’t weak.”
. The man's name, for some reason he couldn't fathom,
“Hey, I only bottom for the right top,” Dean laughs with a wink but is unable to hide his flush as he makes his way through the door. He looks around at the decor and takes in the elegant atmosphere of the establishment.
“Cas, it’s okay. You had to do what needed to happen. Did the power work? Am I purged, or whatever? Can we just go home?” Dean’s voice relays the defeat and hurt he feels, the regret.
Castiel stops at Dean’s hip, biting firmly, and leaves the impression of his teeth.
The drive to the station is a pretty quick one, luckily. It gives Dean some time to pick up donuts for the crew if he feels like it, and today he does. He taps his thumb against the wheel of the Impala as he pulls into his typical place and puts his order in the drive-thru. Shortly after, Dean’s pulling into the station with treats for the guys, ready and eager to start his day.
Added New Tags! Please read them and keep in mind the originals, we get a lot of all of them. This was originally written in 2019 and was only posted in one place when it was finished, but man if one of the scenes seems super familiar. It's eerie. I hope you enjoy it. Also, thank you for the comments and kudos.
Reaching up, Castiel cradles Dean’s head in his hands as he deepens the kiss. He meets his lover, thrust for thrust, finding a rhythm. His eyes flutter as the perfection of the moment washes over him. The way they’re making love is just how Castiel had imagined it. No rushing, no violence, just the two of them caught up in each other. Tears quietly fall, his heart happy and his moment mounting.
“Sorry, man. My radio had some malfunctions.” Garth apologizes, quickly setting the equipment next to Dean.
“It obviously did something to his brain. Maybe it got shaken up while he went through the wall. Wait, can angels get brain damage?” Sam takes the blade from Dean, hefting the bag of weapons up his arm. “Dean, I don’t know what to expect in there. Are you going to be okay if Cas… well, isn’t okay? Or am I going to have to worry about you following in his footsteps and being just as reckless? We are not angels. We do not have the same power or stamina as he does. If they took him down, we need to leave. Vengeance cannot be afforded here.” Sam warns his brother, looking into Dean’s face for signs of understanding.
That is all of Set Fire To My Heart! I have a few more stories up my sleeve, so I hope you'll come back and see what's in store. Thank you so much again for all of the love. Always, Coramis.
Diving in, Dean breathes in Castiel’s scent, that cedar, and mint, and it's intoxicating. He’s never encountered anything like it, from any of the many women he’s been with. Dean thanks the many hours of watching porn to do the next part correctly and licks up Castiel’s full length.
stop just as things were getting even better,” he mentions, daring to step even closer to the bed.
“I invited him here, Dean. What the hell’s your problem?” He looks to Dean, then back to Castiel. “I’ve never seen you this hostile to Cas in a long time. I think we need some help since it’s obvious that you’re not in your right mind.” Sam scolds Dean. “Thanks for coming out here, Cas.”
Dean moans, moving his second hand to his balls. “Whatever you want, Sweetheart,” he chokes. “So close…” he pants, his strokes and hips becoming more erratic.
Castiel moves warily towards the couch and flips part of the carpet over with his foot. Arcane symbols and part of the arc of a red circle are visible.
Straining an ear, Castiel listens for Dean to step away from the door. When he’s sure he’s alone, Castiel runs his hands over his chest and up to his shoulders, squeezing slightly. Castiel hums low then leans against the wall and trails his hands back down his body. Grinning to himself, he thinks about Dean out in the living space, and although he said he was going to get off. He didn’t mean it. Castiel hardly knew the man out there. It would be insulting to jerk off and not at least offer a romp in his bed first. With that thought, he washes quickly and shuts the water off. He knows that he’s wasted enough time teasing the sexy man who’s vowed his help. Castiel grabs the towel outside the shower door and wipes most of the water from his body. His hair still dripping, he exits the bathroom and pads silently back down to his room with the towel wrapped around his waist.
Hope you're ready for a hell of a cliffhanger <3
Castiel shakes his head, then sips at his glass. Shortly, the server comes back and deposits two plates. There are two small piles of rice in the shape of an oblong oval topped with a piece of white fish. On top of the fish is a white shredded vegetable, and it’s drizzled with a dark sauce. “You can use the chopsticks if you’d like, or your fingers,” Castiel picks up one piece and shoves the whole thing in his mouth, staring at Dean.
“But maybe I cut them with the pants,” he counters, still looking.
Castiel tilts his head at the offered hand, then looks up at Dean. “You want to hold hands? With me?” He asks, stunned, but reaches over to fit his hand into the one waiting for him. “Goodness, you are adorable,” Castiel gushes.
Sam walks up behind his brother, looking down at the both of them. “Dean, we have to take him with us. We can’t leave him here. Here, let me,” Sam bends down, lightly grabbing Castiel’s arm, looking over at his brother. “Dean, can I carry him out?” Sam asks gently.
Thinking hard, the water muffling the sounds around him, Castiel reasons that he needs to apologize. Making assumptions about another is what caused him to move out here in the first place, severing ties with everyone he knew. Surprised how clear-headed he feels, he turns the shower off and exits the bathroom. Changing into sweatpants and a soft grey t-shirt, Castiel leaves his room and heads back down the hallway. The guest room door is open, and Castiel sucks in a breath. “Dean?” He calls out, hearing the water running in the other shower. “I really need to apologize,” Castiel says, his voice louder than the water.
Dean looks at Castiel, hope sparkling in his green eyes. “What is it?”
“Ohhhh god Cas…” Dean moans, his body bucking as his seed suddenly explodes up Castiel’s chest. He begins to ride Castiel, hard. Each thrust met by the other man, both of them groaning and growling out their pleasure. Dean pulls Castiel closer, pinning himself between their muscled stomachs, the friction pulling another orgasm, and making the men sticky. He feverishly kisses Castiel, feeling full of the angel’s cock inside him.
He furrows his brow, his mind racing, trying to figure out which of Crowley’s words set off Dean. Suddenly it clicks.
“Dean, again, I’m sorry to have you in a place like this.” Castiel’s voice echoes in the room. “I don’t know of a safer place to keep you than here. I also have to keep other people safe from you, too, until I find a way to heal you.”
Dean’s eyes wander around the space and take in the different things about the house, trying to gather as much information about Castiel as he can. His ears perk at the sound of a running shower. Dean’s mouth becomes slightly dry, and he turns the volume up just a few levels to try and take his mind to a more appropriate place.
Castiel looks utterly confused. Crowley turned back to Dean.
“Dean!” Castiel calls out, his hand going from the sheets to get lost in Dean’s hair. Dean places his hand over the one in his hair and takes the man deep into this mouth. Again, Castiel cries out, pushing himself deeper. There is a blue glow that begins to fill the room, and Dean looks up to Castiel’s face to see his eyes glowing blue.
“Dean, a lot has been done this night, but it’s okay. Mostly. What else do you remember?” Castiel probes further, seeing if he remembers the power used on him earlier.
Dean barks out a nervous laugh and shakes his head. “Not so much,” he admits. “Not sure I’d notice if I did anyway,” he shrugs with a smile, opening his door.
“Yeah, let’s get this over with.”
of the answers, Dean? Your word.” Sam glares hard, waiting for an answer. His gaze goes red, his heart racing and his rage barely contained.
Castiel jumps out of the car, missing what Dean is talking about. He runs out into the middle of the field, scouring the ground and pinpointing Sam’s location. Castiel bends down, finding a handle in the grass, pulling it hard, and a door opens from the soil. He rushes down, taking the steps two at a time. The walls change from mud to steel, the air getting colder, and a strange scent invades Castiel’s senses. Narrowing his eyes, he focuses on Sam, moving faster through the hallway. Castiel doesn’t see the trap, and he springs it, the explosion catching him on his left side, blasting him through the wall.
Dean smirks and laughs. He watches Castiel before he looks around and finds some shampoo and cleans his hands before getting some and lathering up his hair. “I’m sure you do,” Dean sighs, letting the water rinse out his hair. “That was probably the best orgasm I’ve ever had,” he yawns softly before turning his attention back to Castiel, concern shadowing his features. “How are you feeling?” Dean asks.
“Dean. Fine, you want to play this game. Why were you so angry at Cas when he showed up in the room? You’ve never been that upset at him.” Sam pins him with an annoyed stare.
Dean shakes his head, taking the receipt back from Aaron. “Hey, it’s called hentai, okay?” He clarifies, stuffing the receipt back in his wallet. “And it’s an art form,” he chuckles, putting his wallet away.  “For the record, that shop is my go-to. It’s really well-run. It’s always clean, the staff is nice, and if they don’t have something in stock, they can special order it for you, and it normally gets there pretty quick,” Dean nods.
Dean chuckles softly, taking the offered glass. “I haven’t tried it before, to be honest. Mostly just stick to beer and whiskey. So,” he smiles, raising the glass. “Here’s to trying new things,” Dean grins.
“Dean, I didn’t know what was happening. I can’t just stay put because Cas sent me away. You may think that you have to protect me, but I want to look after you, too. Especially because I feel no one else will,” Sam says, then winces as he thinks about how many times Castiel has put his life on the line to save Dean, to even save him. He owes the angel so much more than he gives. He shakes his head. “So these vampires, they are nothing like anything we’ve encountered before,” Sam adds, walking over to the table, seeing the books all over the floor. “Dean, really… what happened here?” He gestures to the empty table, bending down and putting the books and papers back on the table.
Dean nods at the low sound of the coffee maker coming to life. He turns around to face Castiel, leaning back on the counter crossing his arms over his chest. Shaking his head, Dean glances at Sam before looking back at Cas. He sighs softly. “No, I’m good.” He shrugs before letting a yawn escape his throat. Dean’s eyes narrow, studying Castiel as he clears his throat and looks down at his bare feet resting on the motel room’s old cracked flooring. “Cas, can I...uh...ask you something…”
“Then, oh Dean,” Castiel presses himself against the glass, wishing to be in the shower with the sexiest man in existence. “Then, I would show you how to suck dick. I would be so gentle, treat you so good. You deserve only the best, gorgeous,” Castiel praises. Spreading his fingers against the glass, he braces his legs apart and slips his hand inside of his pants.
“Dean!” Castiel rushes to the man’s side, holding him up from the floor. He unlocks the manacles and slowly lowers both of them to the floor. He passes his hand over Dean's face, scanning for life, and is relieved to find Dean's lifeforce. Castiel manages to retrieve his phone from his nearby coat, sending Sam a message to meet him in the bunker, then teleports both of them to Dean’s room.
“No deals Dean. We are not playing that game again. What good would it do to bring him back only for him to lose you, for me to lose you!?!” Sam’s voice rises higher with each word until he is practically hysterical. “Cas values you too much for that, Dean. God, he went to hell to bring you back, knowing what you had done. He still wanted you to be here with him. He sees all the good in you that I know is there.” Sam finally starts sobbing, his tears soaking his face and falling to his shirt. “He loved you so much, Dean. Why couldn’t you see it?” The younger brother turns, his eyes reddened from crying.
“Cas, we can talk about this,” Dean tries to hide the anger starting within him. How dare Castiel betray him like this. How could he chain him in a room like this, knowing what he suffered in Hell? “Come out from wherever you’re hiding, and we can make this right together, I know we can.” Dean strains against the chains again, trying to spot Castiel within the room.
“I don’t know him that well, Casanova. He’s my boss. You’ll have to figure that on your own,” she teases. “Listen, I have to go now. You go take care of him for the both of us,” Samantha finishes and hangs up.
“What’s not supposed to happen?” Dean looks to Castiel, his eyes sad that he’s caused him so much pain.
“Please let me cook for you, Dean. It would give me a great deal of pleasure to do this for you,” Castiel hums, letting his eyes wander down the other man’s body. He shifts in his pants, just a smooth shimmy of his hips to settle everything into place. Then when Castiel’s eyes meet Dean’s again, he puts all the pleading he can to get the man to do what he wants.
He nods at himself after making sure his hair is appropriately fixed with the right amount of product. Shit, the guy will need clothes his employee had told him. Was it going to be weird if Dean showed up with his own clothes for him? Would Castiel accept them, let alone wear them? He lets out a relenting sigh and pulls a small overnight bag out of the back of his closet.  Going back to the bathroom, Dean puts some unopened toiletries in. He’s sure the stuff he has on hand is better than anything the hospital has.
Dean sighs softly to himself as he walks out and down the drive to his car. He grabs the food and coffee, balancing them carefully before shutting the car door. Dean looks around the neighborhood, walking back up to the porch and back in the house, closing the door behind him. He worries his bottom lip in thought, knowing that Castiel needs help but trying to figure out the best way to do that. “They might be a little cold now if you don’t mind that, but I think they reheat pretty well,” he calls out, setting the things on the table Castiel directed him to earlier.
Dean’s entire body shudders as Castiel takes the soap. He stands in anticipation listening to the sounds behind him, his ears straining. He holds his breath then flinches as the angel passes back the soap. Taking it back, “Thanks,” Dean mumbles, feeling unsure of himself.
Glancing at the clock, Castiel pushes off the surface and peeks out the door to the sales floor. One last customer is checking out with Samantha, and he waits patiently while they’re served. When the person leaves, Castiel walks over to the counter. “Hey. How about we call it an early day? I need to finish up all this counting, and you’ve been working very hard this past week,” He offers.
Sam sits in the car, studying Castiel’s body. The bites and the gash on his head are the worst of the damage. He understands now how there was so much blood. The head wound itself was enough to bleed out an average human. How did Cas manage to hold out long enough to kill everyone down in that hanger? The question keeps building in his brain, and also the fact that Dean didn’t dispute Cas’ love… There is something more between his brother and the angel.
Castiel watches the man come apart and swallows quickly as his mouth begins to fill with semen. He tightens his lips so as not to spill a drop and bobs his head, pulling the last of Dean’s load from his slowly softening cock. He takes a moment savoring how Dean deflates in his mouth and keeps an eye on the angel above him for any signs of distress or regret.
Castiel rouses from sleep, looking up at Dean. “Angel?” He whispers. Slowly, Castiel lifts his hands to cover Dean’s. “Why are you here?” He questions, his mind sluggishly coming back online.
He bends down and starts unlacing his shoes.  His feet are as cold as ice.
“No, seriously, Cas, you’re not going to find them because I’m not wearing any.” Dean blurts out, his face colored with a light blush.
“What the hell are you talking about?” Confusion plain on Dean’s face. “We can’t feel responsible for every person we lose, Cas. You’ll drive yourself mad if you do that,” Dean walks around the table, attempting to get close to the distraught angel. “Cas, please…” he leaves the plea hanging in the air.
“Dean, you’re the guest at my house. I would cook for you, but you don’t have to stick around for me. As much as I enjoy your company, I know you have to be busy,” Castiel says, leaning forward slightly. He slowly blinks, grinning at Dean.
“Hey, Dean?” Garth chirps. “Did you just drop this receipt for the… Pleasure Zone? What's the…” his eyes widen in realization. Aaron starts laughing, rushing over to pull the receipt out of Garth's hand.
“As you wish. Now, are you ready to continue this?” He looks to the other man, a mask of seriousness falling over his face.
Finally satisfied with his bounty, Dean makes his way to the checkout. He loads his things up and watches the cashier, a kid who looks no older than nineteen, rings him up. Dean goes over the list of things he picked up in his head, hoping and praying he didn’t forget anything. He’s lost in his own thoughts when the cashier breaks his train of thought.
Dean begins kissing and gently nipping at the sensitive skin on Castiel’s neck. He lifts his head, looking into Castiel’s blue eyes. Dean pulls up his hand from Castiel’s member and sticks his middle and index finger into his mouth, wetting them, never breaking eye contact. He begins kissing Castiel again as he places his wet fingers at the opening of Castiel’s hole. Dean parts Castiel’s lips with his tongue, deepening the kiss as he inserts his fingers.
“There is no way you were actually able to…” Just as Dean’s about to finish his sentence, Garth joins them, a smudged phallic shape plastered on his forehead. Dean's eyes widen as he holds down the bubble of laughter from coming up.
The angel awkwardly walks to the bathroom and closes the door. He leans against it, closes his eyes. The image of Dean’s naked torso flashes in front of his eyes. It’s not like he’s never seen the man naked before, but this time, it felt different. It stirred something in him. Castiel sighs; he can address this later. His clothes are sticking to his skin, and he’s shivering again. He turns on the tap and starts undressing.
“They didn’t look like they were out to make new vamps,” Sam hands over the broom, walking over to the bathroom. He pauses, then heads to his bag, grabbing out some clothes. “I’m gonna get cleaned up, then sleep sounds good.” Walking back to the bathroom, Sam pops his head out. “What’s taking Cas so long? Wasn’t he right behind you?”
“They should be there very shortly. Sir, has the fire spread into the room you are currently in?” The voice prompts, sounds of frantic typing happening in the background.
Dean’s eyes grow wide, and he can feel his blood pressure rise, a need to fight back itching in his brain. “You know why I didn’t let you on the cases, Cas? Because I almost
Castiel grunts, running his hands up to Dean’s bare ass. He grips and pushes Dean to get him to stuff more of himself into his mouth. Castiel knows he can fit a little bit more before he disappoints himself by being unable to take all of Dean’s cock. Someday he’s gonna spear himself on that monster.
“Yes, I was. I managed to get most of Dean’s vampire blood out of him, but the virus, or whatever it is… it’s someplace else. He’s still infected.” Castiel says, defeated. “Everything I’ve tried hasn’t worked. Dean’s a danger to himself and others, but I can’t give up on him. I don’t want to keep him chained up for eternity. He’s a terrible vampire. Dean has so much rage and no self-control. There also seems to be an allure to him. I’m not sure what it is, but I’m susceptible to it. Can you investigate this for me? I’m not sure if it’s vampire power, or something else.”
Dean feels himself redden and nods, watching the host walk away before glancing up at Castiel with a smile. “You know your stuff, huh?” He says, looking down at the table, his eyes narrowing slightly at the chopsticks.
What about drinks? He isn’t sure how much beer and/or liquor Cas keeps in his house, so he makes one last detour to the beer aisle and cooler to be safe. Dean’s eyes scan the selections in front of him, still feeling a little guilty over dropping and practically wasting a good craft beer that he’s sure wasn’t cheap. He chews his lip in thought, trying to decide what would go best with the foods he’s picked out. He looks at a few labels before deciding on a porter.
Dean grips the Impala’s steering wheel hard as he pulls out of the motel’s small parking lot. He blinks, seeing Sam standing outside the door in the rearview mirror. Turning onto the road, he can feel his anger and frustration growing. Castiel had to be fucking with him, right? He didn’t imagine their interactions, did he? Granted, he sure as hell didn’t want to talk about them in front of Sam, but it still didn’t calm his frustration. Turning down some backroads, Dean feels his frustration growing, bubbling. He sighs, looking down at his watch, seeing he has been driving around for close to twenty minutes now. Studying the area, Dean pulls over to a small clearing on the side of the road, quickly leaving the car in park. Undoing his seatbelt, he lays across the vehicle’s front seat, using his jacket as a pillow, closing his eyes tightly. He listens to the music playing on the radio, recognizing Van Halen’s - Panama coming through the speakers.
Dean rushes down the stairs hearing the destruction in the bathroom. “CAS!” He yells, ripping the door open. Dean’s mouth drops open at the sight of the shattered shards on the floor. “Jesus, Cas,” Dean breathes. He crosses over the glass, trying to move around it. His anger forgotten, Dean scoops the angel up in his arms, “Here we are.” The room is a little tight, but he can manage to get them out if Castiel doesn’t fight him.
Dean continues his work on Castiel’s hole and leans forward, licking a stripe up his inner thigh, groaning softly at the taste. He pulls back, briefly coating his fingers with more lube. He plants small, soft kisses up Castiel’s muscular, smooth thighs and runs the flat of his tongue up the swollen shaft.
“Is what true?” asks Castiel, completely lost. Panic edges in his voice.
?” He finally manages. No way he heard right.
Castiel wipes his face with the towel. He extends his arms, resting them on his knees. He can see Dean’s feet up on the living room table through the space between the legs of the kitchen chairs. Castiel sniffles. Dean’s tone feels distant, but Castiel realizes that this will go nowhere if they both stay their ground.
“Oh, Jesus, Dean,” Castiel gasps as he enters the steamy room. He leans against the counter, palming himself. “You are delectable, angel,” he huffs.
Castiel rubs his hands together to warm up the gel. Then he goes for it. Castiel starts which Dean’s shoulder blades, gingerly at first. He massages the soap on the man’s muscles with the tip of his fingers, then his fingers, then his entire palms.
Castiel gently touches Dean on the forehead. Focusing his energy, he heals Dean’s wounds. It lasts but a second, then Castiel yanks Dean’s right foot to inspect his work. Barely visible scars remain. He shakes his head and sighs.
I would like to update this more often, but currently, I am up for a promotion and have been a little focused on that. Hopefully, after the upcoming occupational move, I hope to have more time.
“Yeeeeeessss,” Castiel drags out, “but you’re also a vampire, and I can’t take the chance of you getting free, not that you could go very far. I promised you that I would be gentle, and I will, but know that I’ll have to touch places… that I have not touched before.”
He watches the back of the emergency vehicle slam shut, blinking a few times. Dean hopes to hell the guy makes it through the next few critical hours, and he wasn’t too late. Running his hands through his sweat matted hair, he feels a hand on his shoulder.
Dean strides over to the Impala as his mind plays a hundred horrible, bloody scenarios through his mind. He slips into the driver’s seat, quickly starting the car up, the engine roaring to life. He sits back, glancing over at Castiel. “Where are we going?” He asks, gripping the wheel tightly.
“Hold on a sweet second!” Castiel gasps. “This is your ride?” He whines.
“Well, you might as well get it all off. It might prove more difficult the more this,” Dean motions to his pants, “dries. It could be like concrete.”
Sam picks up a couple more books, stepping on a piece of glass. He looks around, then up, seeing the broken bulbs. Eyeing his brother, “I’m calling bull, Dean. This mess is something major. I don’t like that you’re keeping secrets from me,” Sam’s face gets the usual disapproving scowl as he cocks an eyebrow. “I also don’t like that you’re trying to change the subject, but if that’s the way we’re going to play this, then fine. These vamps are more like a militia, they’re armed for war. They came at me with military weapons. They were in armor… I’ve never seen anything like it before. They worked as a unit, smooth, effective. It was bizarre. I didn’t get to see the leader, but I felt his power. I really think we are out of our league here. All I do know is that they are out to get us before we get them,” Sam warns, stepping on another piece of glass, it crunches under his shoe, and he shoots an annoyed look at Dean.
“Damn, Cas, now is not the time to scare me. Enough with the doom and gloom, let’s dance.” Dean winks at Castiel, a grin on his face.
Merry Christmas! I think I timed the position of these chapters perfectly! You all are so amazing. Thank you for being the gifts that we didn't know we needed. Please, let us give back to you, with this final chapter. With Love and Reverance, Coramis and HearMe-Out.
The light from Castiel’s body finally fades, his skin becoming cooler to touch. His breathing is labored, and he looks around the room, his mind and vision finally clear. Feeling the stickiness upon his skin, he stares at Dean standing next to the bed.
Castiel sighs. "It hasn't been that long. Has it?" He does some mental math in his head. Since before he opened the store and that was… It had been a long time! Castiel cringes silently. "Do I come off as desperate?" He asks her softly.
Castiel gives Dean a look and shakes his head.  He almost told Dean he has scanned the area.  He almost forgot he was angry. He looks back down at his shoes and tries to untie a particularly tight knot made worse by the moisture.
There’s a soft knock at the door, and it opens shortly after. “Mr. Novak. Oh. I didn’t realize you had a visitor. Hello, Mr. Novak is due for a breathing treatment, so I’m afraid I’m going to ask you to leave until tomorrow,” the nurse provides with a smile.
Finding a bunch of healthy food and scoring on a pack of bacon, Dean smiles to himself. “There is a lot of health food here. Also, something that looks like lettuce. We have bacon, though,” Dean says merrily. The words’ whiteout’ finally dawn on him. “Wait, did you say whiteout? We have to find Sammy, I don’t have time for t. I,” he finishes, extremely agitated.
Castiel quickly dons the pants, grabbing a t-shirt from the end of the bed, forgotten. “Thank you for not giving up on me, Dean,” Castiel nods, “Now, let’s see what kinds of questions your brother has.”
“Already did that,” Castiel replies, smiling at Dean.
“Be my guest.  You won’t go far.”
Sighing, Dean stands up, looking down at Castiel. He places his hand on the angel’s shoulder, squeezing lightly. “I’m here if you want to talk, Cas. I’m always here for you,” he smiles at him, the corners of Dean’s eyes tight with stress. Turning away to let the angel screw with his shoes, he goes back to the kitchen to get some food to eat.
“Cas?” Dean’s voice is rough, but understanding fills that one word, he recognizes the angel.
“I won’t let you destroy yourself if Cas is dead. I’m selfish enough to keep you around, Dean. I need you. After all, we’ve been through, can’t you see that? I know you want me to have a life, but it wouldn’t be the same without you. I couldn’t do it if you’re gone.” Sam grips his brother’s shoulders, turning him to face. “You’re the reason I fight as hard as I do. So many times, I just wanted to give up, give in, and just forget everything. You being here, with me, is the only thing that keeps me fighting.” Sam doesn’t pull his emotional punches when addressing Dean. He wants him to understand that there is no option of Dean leaving his side.
Castiel pours the white wine into the glasses and offers one to Dean. “I hope you like wine,” he grins.
“Pizza will get here when it gets here. We have plenty of time. So, what were you frustrated with?” Sam’s eyebrows shoot up. “He couldn’t have done anything to you, Dean. He wasn’t even around us.”
Going to the bowl with the water, Castiel dips the cloth inside; the water still incredibly warm. Slowly, he pulls the table closer to Dean. Taking the rag out of the water, he gently rings it out, then places it on Dean’s shoulder. Dean lets out a sigh but doesn’t make a move. His body tightens with the touch, making his member bob slightly. Careful not to brush against it, Castiel continues to wipe away the blood and dirt.
trying to score with this dude, you need to relax,” the kid nods, hitting a few buttons on the register. “That’s thirty-five seventy-eight,” he smiles politely.
“I ‘was thinking’ I needed to get Sam back. Now, we need to leave. I can feel something nearby, Dean,” Castiel starts up the stairs again, pushing Dean in front of him. “Let’s not argue here. We can go back to the motel room if you want to yell at me,” Castiel mumbles.
“Cas, I think we’re going to need your help during this vampire case. Could you come out and assist us? That is if you’re not too busy,” Sam asks, talking so low, the running water drowns out his voice. He looks at the door, wondering what Dean is doing.
Dean smirks as he chuckles softly. “I... appreciate that Cas, but I can take care of myself,” he says, pushing the newspaper back down to the table with his index finger. Dean’s eyes glance around the room before settling back on Castiel. “What’s up with you? Something on your mind?” He inhales, tilting his head to the side.
“Is it a bath or a shower?” he asks as he stands up.
“Great. Mr. Novak dines with us frequently, but this is the first time he’s brought anyone with him. We just want to make sure you both enjoy your meals,” the server smiles.
Castiel shakes his head, going for the button on Dean’s pants. Castiel’s deft fingers make quick work of that and the zipper. The pants are beginning to harden, and understanding dawns on Castiel at the peril of getting them down without hurting Dean. “Umm, Dean, are you particularly fond of these jeans?”
Dean’s jaw gapes, but he can’t bring himself to look away from the other man. He can’t remember the last time he’s seen something so erotic. He takes a shaky breath in and feels himself swell in his jeans as his eyes scan Castiel's form. “Castiel,” the man’s name slips involuntarily over his lips.
Castiel watches Dean as he undresses. Dean’s muscles ripple on his back as he lifts his arms to remove his shirt. As the man stands there, warming by the fire, Castiel feels an intense longing. An image of his arms encircling the man from the back flashes in his mind. He tries to push it aside.
Castiel pats Sam’s shoulder, trying to calm the younger brother down. He’s been with the Winchesters for many years now. He knows how strong a relationship the two brothers have, but he also can’t deny his feelings for Dean. Castiel considers it a bond that rivals that of brotherhood. A stab of pain lashes Castiel, as he thinks about a world without Dean in it. It is unacceptable, and he knows he has to do whatever is in his power to bring Dean back. No matter the cost.
Castiel is abruptly pulled forward as the door suddenly opens. He stumbles to find himself face to face with Dean. He instinctively hides his genitals with his hands. He can feel his cheek and ears burn red.
“You owe me twenty dollars, Winchester,” Benny, his Lieutenant says, as his creole accent grabs Dean’s attention. Dean grins, raising an eyebrow. Benny is quickly becoming someone Dean is learning from, and they got along really well.
Castiel shivers and swallows every pulse of jizz down his gullet as he holds eye contact with Dean. Castiel can’t help but moan around the quivering flesh in his mouth. He licks at Dean’s spent cock, still savoring the flavor and recalling the sounds that came from his mate. He pushes Dean down his body and reluctantly removing him from his mouth. He slowly places Dean above his throbbing cock, teasing his hole with his wet tip.
“I’ll get it ready for you, but I am not going first. You’re worse off than me,” Dean disappears into the bathroom. The sound of water fills the small space. He comes back out with a towel, coming up to stand behind the sitting Castiel. He puts the towel to the angel’s hair, massaging his hair and scalp. “Here, this should help a little bit.” Dean’s fingers are gentle but firm, trying to get as much water out of
The knock at the door startles Castiel from his thoughts. It’s probably Dean, so he leaves the kitchen and heads to the door. He throws it wide open, smiling at the broad man in front of him. “Welcome back, honey!” Castiel exclaims, a broad smile on his face. He has his sleeves rolled up, ready to get on with dinner. “What did you forage for us, oh, great hunter?”
“That ass deserves worship, love, and I would serve at the altar. I would prepare you so well. Open you slowly with my tongue and hands. Savor you like a fine wine. Then, when you’re begging so sweet for me, only then would I breach you. Hot and tight, I can just imagine it,” Castiel whispers, and he slips himself out of his pants, pressing his cock to the glass. Precum smears against the surface. “Do you see what you do to me, angel?”
Pressing his cheek to Dean’s, Castiel whispers, “Crazy, Dean? What’s crazy is that I’ve denied myself this whole time,” Castiel pulls the shower curtain back slightly as he makes a motion of turning on the water. Hot water starts to stream powerfully from the showerhead. He then forcefully nudges his knee between Dean’s legs. “Crazy is how I feel right now, with you like this. Dean, I want to do with you the things I have seen on the television, from those movies you’re so fond of.” Castiel looks at Dean intensely. Still pinning Dean against the door, Castiel’s hands palm the back of the other man’s head, and his fingers tangling in the longer hair on top.
Castiel’s mind recalls the moment Dean left it for him. He wanted more than anything to just say fuck caution and go all-in with this man, but something in his mind told him that he should play it cool. He knows that Dean could be so much more to him if he would just let the man in, but the last time he let anyone in, his heart was eviscerated.
“Was, Dean? Did you change your mind?” Sam inquires, walking over to the table, taking the seat across from Dean, before Dean stood up. He studies his brother a little closer, noticing the stiffness Dean’s trying to hide. Sam stands up, right in front of Dean, and looks down at him. “Dean, you really sure you’re okay? You look really stiff, and…” Sam’s words stop as he sees the bruise on his brother’s neck. He stays silent, then looks into his brother’s eyes.
Dean, weak from the power put into him, and the exertion of pleasure, continues to hang in the cuffs. His whispered words almost lost to the hum of the room, “You’re going to be the death of me.”
Unable to bear his searching eyes anymore, Castiel lets go of the sink with a roar and punches the mirror. Shards of glass rain down as it shatters.
to worry about.
Dean worries his bottom lip in thought for a moment. “Does that include the Christmas issue of Busty Asian Beauties?”
Deepening the kiss and gripping tighter, Castiel is about to remove Dean’s shirt when there is a hard knock on the door. Castiel poofs out of the room, the sound of his feathers echoing softly in the steam-filled bathroom.
Castiel gently but firmly takes Dean’s hands off of his arms.
“Dean?”
“Yes, Cas?” Dean manages to respond with a breath. He’s sure there’s a chance Castiel could possibly hear his rapidly increasing heart rate.
“Nah, that should do it.” Dean shakes his head, handing her his debit card.
“If something happens to Sam, I would never forgive myself, Dean. I don’t need your threats to remind me of what I’ve done. I also will understand if you wish for me to stay away from you. I would want that if I were you,” Castiel looks out the window, then bolts up in his seat. “Stop the car,” he demands.
” Dean buries his face into Castiel’s shoulder. “I-I can’t do this without you.” He chokes a sob back as his tears fall down onto Castiel’s body. “I...I love you, Cas,” his voice cracks. “And I am so damn sorry I didn’t tell you earlier.” He finishes, placing a kiss on the top of Castiel’s head. He coughs, wiping his face with the collar of his T-shirt. Cradling Castiel’s body gently, he rises to his feet and heads back in the direction they came.
Dean’s eyes widened at Sam’s question. “Oh, come on, Sam,” he sighs, “Do you really want the details?” He looks at the entrance of the room before looking back to Sam, raising an eyebrow.
“There are no towels,” he blurts out.
,” he hisses, a feeling of guilt overcoming him, and he takes a few clumsy steps back from the bed.
? Dean nods as if there’s no other option. “Alright, but something easy and simple,” he concedes.
“Oh, I almost forgot.” Samantha yawns, glancing down at her watch. “We’re running a special, buy a DVD and get a magazine for free.” She lifts an eyebrow.
“Jesus Christ, Sammy,” Dean sighs, rubbing the back of his neck. “There’s this thing he did and just…” He trails off, making an explosion noise, punctuating it with his hands. A light blush creeps up his neck as he takes a drink of beer.
“None, Dean. Get whatever you want to put in your mouth tonight, I’ll have it all prepared for you,” Castiel teases with a glint in his eyes.
Dean lets out a breath trying to bring himself down. He shakes his head, following Castiel towards the host, putting his hands in his pockets.
Remember, it's worse before it gets better... and more NSFW warnings as we get along in chapters.
Castiel takes a quick moment to admire Dean’s form before quickly averting his eyes higher and holding eye contact with Dean. Something passes between them, something like a jolt of electricity but invisible, and Dean shivers.
If he’s being honest with himself, he hasn’t been with much of anyone. When most kids his age were hooking up with each other, Dean was busy taking care of Sam and cleaning up his father’s messes. His father was almost like a second child, whether it be an unpaid bar tab or the scattered cans and glass bottles. After that, his schooling and training ate up his free time, so he didn’t have time to date. Truthfully, Dean doesn’t mind since no one has really ever made him feel as intrigued as this particular business owner.
Delaying no more, Castiel appears back in the room. Dean is still hanging from the cuffs, covered in drying blood, and his jeans stained from the earlier experiment. Grief cuts through Castiel at his actions and not stopping the first time that Dean called out. Feeling his decisions were righteous and that the power would work, he didn’t see the need to stop. Castiel hopes that Dean can forgive him for his trespasses this night.
“And the scratches, Dean? What caused those?” Sam pokes.
Dean’s eyebrows shoot up in curiosity. “No complaints about that plan,” he smirks. “Just need to figure out how to log it,” his smirk widens.
“I normally sleep on my back. Although my question wasn’t that interesting, huh?” Castiel laughs. “I know about your dreams, and you became what you inspired to be. What about family, Dean?”
A cell phone starts ringing.
Dean’s eyebrows shoot up into his hairline as he pulls out his wallet. “I, uh.”
"Dean?" Castiel calls out. He knows that at some time, he's going to be saved. How long did it take last time? How long was he in that burning building? Anxiety fills his chest, heart speeding up, and he knows he has to get out. Slowly, he drags himself along the floor. He recalls the fire safety he learned in college. After some time, Castiel gets to the door. It's dark outside when it gets open, but he pushes on and finally lands on his porch. Where the fuck was Dean? Where are the trucks? Who the hell is going to put out the fire? The questions circle his brain as he falls asleep outside, on his back, at the entrance to his home.
Castiel’s hands shift under the blankets, very clearly stroking himself. He arches off the bed, fucking into his grip. “You’re so hot,” he groans. “Fuck, Dean. You’re gonna make me…” Castiel whines.
Dean coughs slightly, trying not to laugh. He nods and grins, as much as he can, with food in his mouth, finishing off the piece. He chews thoughtfully, looking back up at Castiel.
Dean hasn’t been at the station long. He hasn’t gotten a chance to go out on any serious runs yet, only a few traffic accidents here and there. Still, he could already say that he, Dean Winchester, loves his job. He enjoys screwing around with the other guys and keeping the rigs clean, neat, and maintained. He had really enjoyed his training and was happy the guys at the station seemed to welcome him pretty quickly, considering he was the resident rookie there. Yeah, being a firefighter was going to be awesome.
Dean kneels next to Castiel, “Hey, buddy, what did I do wrong? You’ve been in a horrible mood since we left,” he searches the angel’s face for some answers.
“First date, huh?” The guy asks, wiggling his eyebrows.
Dean smiles and nods. “Yeah, let’s do it,” he coughs. “
He drops condoms on the table.
“Yes… that’s it,” Castiel manages to get out, his head feeling like it’s going to explode, the need to come all-consuming. The moment Dean touches his dick, Castiel feels the buildup, a pressure growing in his body. The fullness inside him and the desperate milking from his lover are precisely what he needs. With a moment of clarity, Castiel cries out, “Forever, Dean. I have loved you forever, and I will always.”
“I think it would be safe to take them off now,” Castiel says, his eyes still locked with Dean’s. He looks down at the pants that Dean pulled up, and a shadow of a grin flits across his face.
Dean nods, rubbing the back of his neck as he follows Castiel with his eyes. “She did,” he admits, taking a breath. “A little mess never hurt anyone. How can I help?” He asks, trying for one of his charming smiles.
Dropping his head to Dean’s shoulder, he pulls the man into a hug, sitting up and pressing his chest to Dean’s. “Thank you,” Castiel says quietly and places his lips against Dean’s skin. “Thank you so much, for everything,” he sighs.
Dean moans, pulling himself almost out of Castiel’s mouth before slowly thrusting back in, lazily fucking Castiel’s handsome face. He sighs, his hand gripping Castiel’s hair tighter. “So good,” Dean breathes.
Castiel melts into Dean’s touch but is shaken as Dean kisses him. The moment over far too quickly.
He can’t help but chuckle at how silly what he just said is. He’s heard enough prayers to know that people ask for way crazier stuff. He drops the blanket and gets up, making his way to the bathroom. He knocks.
Dean’s eyes widened in surprise. “I…are we allowed to do them?” Dean sputters, backtracking, “
Dean’s eyes widen, watching Castiel before looking down at the plate in front of him. He follows suit, picking up a piece, and popping it in his mouth. He chews slowly, taking in the different flavors and textures of the food. After a few moments, Dean swallows it down and nods, licking his lips. “That’s pretty good,” he says, picking up his glass and taking a drink.
“Um, I think he’s good now. He said he was feeling better. I think he got it out of his system.” Dean nods with a grin. “He should be down in a few.” Dean cocks an eyebrow bringing the glass to his mouth, emptying the amber liquid down his throat. “Speaking of appetites, I’m starving,” he leans back in his chair, putting his feet up on the table. “Can we order some pizza?”
Sam’s eyes go wide, his mouth making a perfect “o.” “I have no words…” Sam flounders for something to say, remembering the mess in the room and all of the damage. Sam shakes his head slowly. “So you’re the bottom, Dean?” Sam finally teases, winking.
“Sure Dean, you can ask me anything, don’t you know this?” Castiel also narrows his eyes, tilting his head to one side, which signals that he is confused by the current state of things. He lets his eyes wander over Dean’s form as he leans against the counter. Castiel takes in a deep breath, enjoying the smell of brewing coffee, then finally settles his gaze with Dean’s.
“I was... frustrated with him,” Dean says, tapping his fingers on the table before looking at his watch. “How long did they say for the pizza?” He asks cocking an eyebrow.
. Not the shit we do, the mistakes I’ve made, and I’ve made a lot…” Dean sighs, trying to find the words. “It’s like he sees my soul or something and gets me on a level I didn’t think was possible.” He smiles softly. “He’s just amazing, and I don’t deserve him.”
Dean leans the broom against the wall before wiping his hands on his jeans. Walking over to the fridge, Dean grabs a beer. He takes a seat, tossing the bottle cap on the table before taking a drink. Shuffling some papers around on the table, Dean finds a take-out menu. “I don’t know,” he sighs. “He has some explaining to do about going down there to get you without back up, though...” He mumbles mostly to himself as he studies the take-out menu.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hi, I’m here to visit Castiel Novak,” his stomach does the nervous, butterfly thing as the man’s name rolls off his tongue.
“Don’t have an aneurysm, Dean! I wasn’t being serious,” Castiel says, righting the conditioner on the shelf. Shaking his head, he squeezes the bottle, and a string of soap falls into his palm, making a puddle. “Now, unless you want to hear me washing up and pleasuring myself, you might want to go back to the couch. I promise I’ll be quiet,” Castiel explains, his voice even.
Dean clears his throat, and he nods, wetting his lips. “Right. Sure thing,” he feels himself flush a bit. “Um, here,” Dean finds a scrap piece of paper on Castiel’s bedside table and pulls a pen out of his pockets, scribbling down his phone number quickly. “Let me know if you need anything,” he nods, taking a few steps, still unable to look away from Castiel.
“Why do you normally punch things, Dean?” Castiel asks, his tone harsher than he wants.
Castiel drops the next piece of meat into the bun, then he scoops up heavy helpings of the cooked vegetables and slathers them on top of the sausages. Castiel hums lightly, watching as his meal comes to fruition. “Looks mighty delicious, but not as tasty as you,” Castiel tosses at Dean.
Crowley snorts.
Castiel picks up the scissors and takes them to the flannel shirt. With Dean awake, he makes quick work of the cloth and the black t-shirt under it. The clothes fall stiffly away. “Do you want me to keep going, or shall I start cleaning you now?” Castiel asks, one eyebrow raised.
He starts loading his duffel with his dirty clothes as his mind wanders to the man.
“I don’t know what’s happening. I’ve never felt anything like this before. I feel so unsatiated,” Castiel’s back arches on the bed, a groan escaping him as he feels a powerful wave of lust assault his body. Tied up, Castiel cannot try to ease the need he feels. He hardens again, just as stiff and painful as in the shower. He throws his head back against the pillows, the softness cradling his head. Castiel grunts his frustration that he can’t just knock himself out again. “It’s all too much. I need release so badly, and I don’t know how to get it.” Castiel begs, his mind muddled with images and urges beyond his control.
I missed a week, so I thought I would make it up to all of you by posting two this week! Here is the first! I hope you enjoy it!
With a look, something unspoken passes between both of them. Perhaps an understanding of the situation, or maybe a calculation of the risk they are taking. Whatever it is, Dean nods his head. “I would be honored, Cas.”
Dean moans as he continues to thrust into Castiel. He grabs his hips looking into Castiel’s eyes. Dean growls as his head falls back. “Cas…” he pants. “You feel so amazing…” Dean moans before crashing his lips back into Castiel’s with desperation. He lifts his hand, running it down Castiel’s body before taking the angel’s cock in his hand and begins pumping him in sync with his thrust. “I. Love. You,” he moans with each thrust.
Dean yawns as the coffee maker starts whirling to life. He sits down at the table, resting his face in his hands, shrugging slightly. “Fine,” Dean answers Sam’s question. He glances down at his watch before looking back at Sam. “Let’s head out in thirty and grab some lunch. I can’t focus on an empty stomach.”
“I know I keep saying it, but thank you. To tell you the truth, I am not looking forward to calling these people. They always assume that accidents aren’t accidents. Once, I tried to explain why they’re called accidents because people don’t expect them. When it comes to money, I suppose they don’t see it that way,” Castiel shrugs then shoves the burrito between his lips.
Dean nods and chuckles softly. “I said I trusted you, I’m clean too,” Dean adds as he empties his own glass. “I’ve never had wine, but that’s really good,” he mentions. “I didn’t realize you had to leave things behind after that bullshit. You literally moved after that? That takes some serious courage.”
“Here we are,” the server presents the bottle and sets two glasses on the table. “The first course will be a yellowfin pair of nigiri topped with daikon and drizzled with a wasabi-soy glaze,” the server explains and moves away back into the kitchen.
Yet for that split second before Crowley showed up, he experienced bliss as he had never before. As if this had been his true purpose.
“Hey, no problem, man. I had some extra time on my way in, and I figured you’d guys would be hungry,” he shrugs, leaning against the counter, crossing his arms over his chest. Aaron nods and continues to eat his food in appreciative silence. Dean thinks Aaron’s a cool guy, laid back, and doesn’t mind having a beer with him after a shift.
“That’s right,” Castiel whispers, his voice harsh with the lust he feels for the man in front of him. “Just let go, Dean.” Castiel slips his other hand under the waistband of Dean’s pajama pants, seeking out the hardness pressing against his leg. As his fingers touch the silky skin, he gingerly takes Dean in his hand, gripping slightly and tightens his hold on Dean’s nipple. “Show me how you feel,” Castiel says, attempting to coax a reaction.
Castiel feels the tears well in his eyes, wipes at them angrily, and sends off the text. He starts to stroke himself, but he doesn’t want to finish alone. He knows Dean has to work, but maybe he has a second for a phone call.
Sneaking a hand back to grip around the excess of dick that won’t fit down his throat, Castiel moans and looks at Dean. His other hand slips up and between Dean’s asscheeks, his fingers brushing against the crease softly. His eyes ask if he’s taking it too far.
As the second plate is finished, Castiel places the pan in the sink and picks up the plate on the counter. He grabs his beer and wanders into the adjoining dining room. He takes a seat and immediately digs in.
Castiel sighs and runs his fingers through his black, messy hair. He drops his head to the desk, the thud echoing in the small supply office. Inventory is only a few days away, and there is still a lot of work to be done. Who said being a business owner was easy? The door chimes and Castiel looks up into the monitor, watching as a customer enters the store. The clerk, Samantha, greets the man and offers help should the patron need it. Castiel smiles to himself, the joke not lost on him that most of his shop customers are not looking for help buying his products.
“Unless I am killed, I will be here until time ends. It means I will see you die. It means I will have to spend an eternity mourning your loss.”
Dean rolls his eyes at the woman and lets out a sigh. “Fine. I’m gonna go home, take a nap, and shower. I’ll head up there after dinner,” Dean relents. He reddens slightly with the knowledge that Castiel was apparently ‘worked up,’ whatever that meant after he had seen Dean on the security cameras. He tries to play it off as he moves towards the Impala, pulling the keys out of his pocket.
Looking down, he sees a package of hot Italian sausage. He raises a brow at it and stares the links down for a moment, considering it. He could work with that. He smiles a small, proud grin to himself as he grabs a package from the back and places it in his little cart. He finds his way back over to the produce section and grabs some bell peppers. Red, yellow, and green. That will work, Dean nods to himself. Walking through the area, he decides to pick up a sweet onion and some garlic as well.
Castiel can’t help but smile at Dean’s reaction. For the first time in months, he finally feels like he’s in control, and it feels incredible. He lowers his hands to the middle of the man’s back, his hands flat and massaging deep in his muscle. If only because of the logistics of the whole affair, the distance between them closes. He can feel minuscule water droplets land on his face as they rebound from Dean’s body. He lowers his hands to the small of his back. His hands are not washing anymore; they’re caressing. Castiel resists the desire to rub his erection against Dean’s buttcheeks. Some propriety is required of the washerman, after all. Except maybe too much propriety is overrated. His hands move to Dean’s waist. He leaves them there. No need to rush. This storm is heaven-sent. He leans. His lips are so close to Dean’s nape that he can feel the small hairs standing to attention. His heart is racing. He takes a deep breath. Closes his eyes.
Opening the door, Sam sees Dean at the table. He clears his throat, taking his clothes over to the stack of other things near his bed. “Are you researching?” Sam asks, turning around to look at his brother.
Dean groans as his thrusts start to pick up speed, and he goes as deep as he can. “Fuck, you take my cock so good,” he moans as his hips jerk a bit.
Dean nods in agreement resting his elbows on the table in front of him. His eyes watch the door waiting for Castiel to follow them in. He glances back at Sam. “I know, Sam,” Dean rolls his eyes, “worried or not, you should have stayed put at the bunker until Cas brought you back here,” he sighs.
Dean blinks as his arms fall to his side. He looks around the steam-filled room, seeing he is now alone. Rubbing his hands over his face, he sighs. What the fuck just happened? It had to have been some crazy realistic dream. But since when did he have dreams about Castiel? And why had it been so...hot? He pulls off his clothes, gets into the shower, and washes up quickly. Breathing in the steam, he relaxes slightly. Dean gets out, drying off quickly. He blinks, looking around the room, and sees that he doesn’t have any clean clothes in there with him. Shrugging, he wraps the towel low around his waist and exits the bathroom. “Bathroom’s all yours, Sammy.”
Dean’s eyes furrow, thinking the girl looks familiar. “Whoa, hey. What’s going on? Everything okay?” His eyes dart between the receptionist and the woman.
Dean’s eyes close tightly as he absorbs Castiel’s words and affection, his hands settling on Castiel’s hips. He gives a light squeeze before pulling away with a sigh. Walking over to his nightstand, Dean opens it quickly. Pulling out his gun, Dean checks the chamber by pulling back on the slide. Clearing his throat, he stuffs it into his waistband against his lower back and re-conceals it with his shirt. Dean looks back to Castiel, his face hardening in determination. “How do we get him back?”
“Are you going to eat now? You must be just as exhausted as me,” Sam looks at Dean, then back to the bed, then back to the table. He walks over. “Maybe we should eat before bed,” Sam pushes the books around, seeing the scratches on the table… he points at them, “Dean… who else was in this room while I was gone?”
Blue eyes flutter open, and he leans back, looking up at Dean. “Yes, but I want you inside of me,” he whispers and pushes his boxers off his hips and kicks them off.
Reaching his arm around, Castiel knocks on the door. “Dean? Can we talk?”
Without waiting for an answer, he walks in and closes the door behind him.
“Mmm, that’s nice,” Castiel says, sleepily. His mouth pops open slightly, a sigh escaping. Castiel shifts his leg, and his erection escapes out of his boxers and against his zipper. Groaning, Castiel reaches down, undoing the button and zip. Pushing at his pants, he lazily slips out of them, and they fall to the floor. “Much better,” he mumbles, and palms himself, groaning for a much different reason this time.
Dean came out as bisexual a few years ago, and he didn’t care who knew. Also, it had hardly been news to the few people close to him. However, there was one problem and one thing making him a little nervous about this sinfully magnetic man. Dean has never actually
Castiel answers on the first ring. “Hello, Sam,” trying to disguise the excitement in his voice. He knew the younger Winchester would call for his help, and he knows that Dean would disapprove.
“I see you haven’t resorted to watching porn. Your self-control is admirable,” Castiel starts, as he rounds the couch, sitting on the far end. “I need your help picking up my car, then I should be okay. I won’t keep you longer than necessary. I’m sure you are a busy man,” Castiel says, smiling at Dean.
Dean nods and chuckles softly, a smile pulling at the corners of his mouth. “When did you get funny?” He says teasingly with a glint in his eyes before starting for the bathroom once more, stretching his now sore muscles. He hadn’t realized how tense he had been as he strolled lazily into the small space. Dean starts the water, steam quickly filling the compact space.
Castiel watches Dean disappear outside. He stands still for a moment, listening to the wind howling and the wood crackling in the fireplace. He feels empty. These worries have been eating at him for so long that he can’t let them go. The voice of doubt in his mind tells him that Dean only said what he did to placate him, to get rid of him. Castiel shakes his head, but the thought holds on.
“Everything I do is orgasmic, Dean,” Castiel supplies, polishing off his beer. He gets up from the table and goes to the fridge to grab another. Opening it with the bottle opener, he takes another hefty swig before returning to the table. Castiel smiles, feeling relaxed and loose with the man sitting across from him. “I think you should stay,” he puts out in between them.
“Not always, and I had to get to the laundromat. I ran out of clean ones.” Dean fires back, slightly embarrassed.
“I don’t know Dean, I feel something different with these vampires. I can’t really tell you what it is, but I’m worried for you… and Sam, of course.” Castiel blushes a little at the intentional pause he left in that sentence. “If something were to happen to you or Sam, I wouldn’t be able to live with myself. So I’ve decided that I’m going with you.” Castiel nods towards Dean, trying really hard not to comment on the vibrating bed.
“What are you doing, Cas?” Dean hoarsely whispers, their faces so close that his lips graze the angel’s. Castiel is too deep in thought to answer, and the tingling turns into a low pulse, which pushes from Dean’s brain and begins to flow throughout his body. The feeling is not painful, but quite the opposite as his hair, and other things, start to stand at attention.
“Dean, you’re dodging your brother’s questions. Are you ashamed of what we did?” Castiel sets the beers on the table in front of the brothers and takes a seat.
Dean chuckles and rubs the back of his neck. He glances at the familiar shirt Castiel reappeared in, and his eyes widen and darken with lust. What the fuck? It’s just a shirt. He attempts to blink the desire out of his eyes and shrugs. “I’m not that busy, believe me,” he grins.
Suddenly, as if incensed by his own words, Castiel’s tone gets harsher.
Benny raises a curious eyebrow. “It’s not particularly customary, but there are no rules against it. Every so often we come across something, or someone, we just can’t let go,” Benny shrugs, taking a seat at the table. “It’s not uncommon for it to be our first. First rescue. First failure. First close call. So if it will give you some peace to see him with your own eyes, then I’m gonna have to advise it,” he smiles.
“Really Dean, you probably shouldn’t use this channel for requests like this.”
Dean makes his way around Cas, trying not to bump into him or the island. He pulls the cupboard open and pulls down two plates, and sets them down. He runs his fingers over the marbled granite before turning and leaning back against the counter, looking around the space. “I think my microwave is going to be hurt that I was even in a kitchen this nice,” Dean grins.
