He crept up to the vending machine inside the gift shop by the door near the museum part of the Shack and typed in a four-digit code. He waited for the machine to soundlessly slide to the left so he could slither into the space behind it, a set of stairs leading deeper under the house.
“What now?” John asked, kicking the firm obstacle with the tip of his shoe. Sherlock planned to do just that. He saw it in movies, and the general principle dictated that you have to kick near the doorknob where the lock was for this to be effective.
John and Sherlock swiftly turned around on their axis, Rosie as puzzled as the two of them, frowning at whoever disturbed their teasing family domestic. Fortunately, no child was being murdered -- the yelling was merely a result of a tantrum fit near a Santa Claus exhibition where parents and their spawns stood in a queue to have their kids take a picture with the clownish man in red and white. Sherlock rolled his eyes at the sheep mentality of such a waste of time. He hated the red fat man. Though he did remind him of his brother, the way he bossed his elves around. Actually, Santa’s ‘little’ helpers were even more ridiculous, wearing green tights and jingle bell hats like they were about to entertain King Lear on his journey across old England countryside, only to disappear by the end of the tragedy, in this case called
But on this fateful day…. It was unexplainable. When their eyes met, John’s calm brown with Sherlock’s chaotic, electric green and blue - there was a shift, and a familiar shift at that. Or at least it felt like a familiar shift to John. Like he’d just found the centre of his universe and yes, alright, that is a pretty sappy statement but he knows what he had felt! And he had seen it in Sherlock’s eyes too. Something mutual, and soft, and desirable. And he was also aware of the way Sherlock seemed to be speechless for a while…. Or maybe he was reading just too much into it? Probably. They’ve met for a couple short minutes, he shouldn’t be getting this interested. But he definitely wanted to get to know Sherlock more. He started a fire in the lab and didn’t get expelled? Now that’s a feat.
“We did,” Sam replied, digging into his bag to retrieve the hair bands they bought. He handed them to Sherlock. “I hope these are okay. There’s a lot more hair bands available than I thought.”
The witch rolled her eyes and said, “Of course. We just have to get in quietly.” She turned to the black door and tiptoed closer, taking out her wand. Before she chanted any spell, however, she tried to open it normally. Unlocked. Hermione looked at Harry and Ron and nodded. They waited until a pair of muggles strolled along and went it.
John winced, fingers tapping the wooden table in an erratic rhythm. “Good question. I just… Look, it was a weird time for me. I wish I could delete it permanently from my memory.”
“Why is it a mirror?” a faceless person asked, a middle aged woman, by the sound of it. Irene snorted. Ah, yes -- Greg’s humour shone through.
“Now that’s just rude,” the racoon said with a faint hint of irritation and hurt in its voice. Irene took the cap off the freshener and aimed it at the animal. “No! Wait, please! I want to explain this to you!”
“But why not? Wouldn’t it be nice to show them that you can inflict pain just as well as receive it? Release the pent up stress?”
“Now, what one may be able to achieve is turn oneself into an animal,” McGonagall said, clasping her hands in front of her.
. As far as I know, he refused every dating offer. I thought he may be aromantic or something similar, which is fine, of course, but he said he’s not. Just that it’s complicated.”
The weather wasn’t the only hot thing, Sherlock thought, prying his eyes from John’s legs and backside as he turned. This is torture, John standing there, hands on hips, looking handsome as ever. Sherlock felt as though he could spontaneously combust like white phosphorus out of water. Great, now he’s making chemistry comparisons!
The eldest Holmes son grit his teeth. He didn’t have the courtesy of meeting Sirius Black - the man was banished to say the least, and from what he had gathered, he wouldn’t be thrilled to see his family either. But if anything, he pitied the man if he became a ‘true Black’. Mycroft found that such statements were quite cowardly, coming from Walburga.
“I’m lazy,” John complained to no one in particular, closing his eyes. He still felt a bit sleepy, but also more awake than five minutes ago. “You’ll have to drag me out.”
“But when I started highschool, I had to commute,” he continued, hugging Sherlock. “And it took fucking ages. I hate public transport, but that’s a tale for another day. In short, together I commuted like, two and a half to three hours a day. And I had to get up at five or earlier to catch a train.”
Sherlock snorted. The author of the journal sounded like an intriguing person. Quite similar to him, in fact. The wording was strangely comforting. And they shared a distaste for unnecessary references flying left and right. He made a mental note of the underground library - he’ll definitely have to go check it out himself.
The question hung in the air as he removed a tiny bit of OG’s stuffing out. To Irene, it looked like regular toy stuffing. The kind you have in teddy bears.
“Uhm, sure?” Sherlock shrugged, looking at him, confused. His movements were jerky and too controlled at the same time. Sherlock checked the side and rear view mirrors. In their reflection he caught a glimpse of a short woman, her face half covered by a pink silk scarf and a large pair of shades. She stopped on the sidewalk to watch them speeding away. She looked oddly familiar, the pink…. What got Lestrade riled up? He was good at concealing most of it, but it was strange. Oh well, a conman like him was full of mysteries. Goddamnit, now he’s making awful jokes like this in his head!
“Yeah. I must admit that it’s easy to do this when he’s business focused. And if I get caught, I just say I used the restroom. Or that I needed to change my tampons, which scares him away.”
“Possibly,” Sherlock said, fingers brushing the yellowed surface of the book. “It isn’t signed, but the writing style doesn’t change throughout. Maybe ‘L’ was just the author’s companion.”
After they ordered -- Mary insisted John try the new shrimp gumbo made by a cook from New Orleans -- the atmosphere somewhat lightened to bearable. John gave credit to the delicious aromas coming from the kitchen.
Bad things happened. All the time. Insane people roamed the hallways, some know it, some don’t. And there were bigger things happening at the castle presently than Mycroft wanted to admit even to himself.
John’s cheeks flared up bright red. He stuttered a hesitant answer, and Greg left him splash in the puddle. “I - you - we… Fuck, okay! Fine, whatever. I don’t want to give myself some false hope, alright? Sherlock’s smarter than anyone I know, he’s funny, and his take on things is refreshing and…”
Dean nodded, tossing the items they won’t need back into the sack. Good, he doesn’t have to worry about flying scissors now. In the end, John took the shovel, Sam took the broken one, and Dean kept the scythe. Sherlock didn’t fancy carrying anything besides the journal (which he hid to prevent the pages from absorbing too much moisture from the air) or his backpack. He fished a baseball cap out from one of its pockets and put it on his curls to try limit his hair’s exposure to the same air. He didn’t want to look ridiculous.
The sky was bright orange on the horizon, slowly setting down so that night could take over the reins of the little town. John stopped the cart on top of a hill so they could all take a moment to take a short mental rest to process what had just happened. Their adventure seemed to be over.
“Is that what you truly want? Your family must be missing you. Surely they would love to see you again.”
It was then that Irene decided it was time to counter strike. She popped the spray can open and gave the pixie monster a healthy dose of strawberry-tinted canned air right in their faces.
He should go catch a couple hours of sleep before the Shack opens again, but he has to document this. For whom, it doesn’t matter, but it gives him something to do in-between waiting for equations and calculations on the system downstairs to finish, fail, and start anew.
“I think it’s mutual,” John said smugly as he shrugged off his hoodie and wound it around Sherlock, pulling the hood over his soft curls.
“I think it depends on the type of vampire. They could be sadistic and thirsty for blood or sparkly and butthurt two-dimensional paper characters.”
"Absolute, utter dickhead," John muttered angrily, emptying the mug of coffee and washing it with water before putting it away. "You could’ve just said it’s midnight, done. But no, you scare me into thinking I might become your next lab rat."
With a wave of her hand she disappeared into the corridor, her heels clicking against the wooden floor until she got on the carpet. Lestrade huffed a tired sigh. He made the wise decision not to question her further.
Just as he had begun to unpack and toss his clothes in drawers, a knock on the door had disturbed the silent rhythm of his mechanical movements between the bed and the wardrobe.
Cas held the door for Dean since he went in first, and, thank fuck, the AC was on. No other people other than them or the unfortunate cashier working today were inside. Dean went about his routine; printing out the pictures, then playing on the computer until he got everything ready… and then it hit him that Cas had no pictures taken of him.
They nodded at each other at the same time, firm understanding. The front door opened and shut, feet tumbling towards the kitchen. Sherlock’s flight or fight response reemerged, alive and screaming, but calmed down when Irene and a goth girl walked in the kitchen.
“I’ll see you in class, then!” John called after him, then he got carried away by the steady flow of his fellow Gryffindors up to the Tower.
She was speaking to the Doctor by then, pleading him by her desperate look, hands clasped together. The Doctor rocked back on his feet and stuffed his hands in his trouser pockets. Donna elbowed him to reply. He sighed. “It turns out we can. I’ll explain in TARDIS. Follow me, please.”
The day progressed from good to better in quite the succession. First the sunrise, its magnificent glow enhanced by John’s calming and soothing presence, then the snogging which they both enjoyed, and then the trip to the sanctuary where they stumbled upon a fallen angel. It went from dreamy to trippy, but Sherlock liked to think he got used to Reichenbach Falls’ sense of humour. What he found slightly concerning was John’s affinity with the dodo bird.
“Sherlock, be nice,” John told him, raising an eyebrow. He pouted, crossing his arms in protest. “Don’t give me that, she’s your sister -- you be nice.”
“It is! I asked Angelo later that day, you know. Poor guy phoned me whether I had any vegetables spare for ratatouille, which I did. And when he came by to collect them, I popped the question. He said yes, and he’ll collect me here at the Shack in….”
“Yeah, tell that gorgeous fucker he can keep my skull,” John fake glared, but a smile tugged at the corner of his mouth. Then, all of a sudden, he surged forwards and snatched the cannon from Sherlock’s grip, dragging the taller boy down and on his back. John had him pinned, crouching over him, the cannon pointing at his chest, a victorious smirk on John’s face. “Ha. Didn’t expect that, did you?”
“No,” Henry replied. He rubbed the side of his neck, sucking on the inside of his lip. “I just show children stories I heard when I was a kid. That treacherous squirrel deserved to be shaved!”
“Mycroft Holmes,” the man presented himself smoothly, shaking Mrs. Watson’s hand. “Pardon Sherlock’s fussiness, he’s a little grumpy because Mummy didn’t allow him to take Redbeard with him.”
One glance into the fridge told John that yep, Greg went grocery shopping. “When the fuck did he eat all the stuff I bought?” he whispered, confused. Was he having an anxious episode, overindulging? From what? As far as John knew, he wasn’t binge watching any TV show… He’ll have to ask Mrs Hudson. Oh, but the truth was that there were two more inhabitants in the house currently, maybe they liked to snack. Hm, yeah. He shouldn’t be jumping to conclusions.
John saw sparks and fireworks behind his closed eyelids. He had longed for this, wanted this since he laid his eyes on this madman. And it didn’t disappoint in the slightest. He gently opened his mouth, Sherlock mirroring his movements tenderly and chastily. John stood on his toes, leaning into Sherlock whose fingers found their way into John’s damp hair, caressing his scalp.
“I’m sleeping in,” Irene decided on the spot, not taking no for an answer should John challenge her on it. He didn’t attempt it in the slightest, a nod of his head acknowledging her wise decision. She turned to her brother, who was staring at OG, teeth grazing his lower lip, hands on hips defiantly. “Sherlock?”
“Sure thing, sugar,” John winked, laughing hysterically as Sherlock froze, mouth agape at the unexpected pet name. “Oh my God, have I succeeded at stupefying the smartest guy alive?”
Alright, fuck this. Either he was going delirious or he became a part of some hallucinating phenomenon he had no clue existed. Fuck. Three times. THREE that John had returned to that stupid fucking flower parade bullshit where Mrs Hudson picked out that (actually very pretty) stupid fucking flowerpot and sunflower seeds.
“Sentiment,” John grinned, patting Sherlock’s chest lightly. “And thank you for taking care of Rosie at night. You didn’t sleep at all, did you?”
Later that night, he had stood in front of John, thanking him for the care. It was awkward. He didn’t know whether he should have said something else besides a plain ‘thank you’, embarrassedly standing in the hallway. However, John took mercy on him and gave him
Irene and Sherlock followed suit. Irene plucked up the courage and got a hold of imbalanced Belle and her huge gown by the ankles and swung her about like a mace. She squeaked on impact with Aurora and Jasmine, but they weren’t put off for long. That’s when Sherlock grabbed a pair of garden scissors (how did they end up here?) and
Kate yawned. “He ain’t. His invisible wings are cool, but how come John can see them? Do you think he’s psychic?”
“Really?” Sherlock’s eyes widened with lust as he snatched the report from her desk. He flipped through the pages -- he had his hands on a somewhat-real case!
“Uneventful,” Mirage said, their eyes boring into each other. Mirage’s eyes, however, unlike Seb’s, were ruby red. “You know I’d be helpful.”
John felt the eye roll. "They left us alone so far, I don't see there's anything to be afraid of. For once, Mycroft's protection is coming in handy."
“Relax, we’ll find a way,” John said, leaning on his arm he put behind Sherlock’s back. If Sherlock didn’t know better, he’d think John sniffed the scent coming off him from his shampoo.
“Hey, I care about him. And ever since they met two… weeks ago…. Well, let’s say I just know, like you, that these two are made for each other, alright? We already agreed on that. Now if you excuse me, I need to go pester Kate about playing some eighties songs so that I can forget whatever you kids call ‘music’ nowadays.”
To be fair the food smelled delicious and tasted great, but the attractions? Abominable. Half of them hardly held a safety license, Sherlock was sure of it. The constructions seemed dubious at the least, but how much they’d withstand for the duration of the event? He better not calculate the statistics yet. Even the stalls with prizes lacked imagination and all there was to see were those typical, adorably ugly plushies and weird kits full of plastic toys for children which could be obtained by paying the man or woman in the stall, then they’d fail miserably, but whoops -- they’re out of money! Scam. Not unheard of, of course. Sherlock currently lived in a Mystery Shack owned by a French Canadian who had a knack for scammery and skyrocketing the gift shop prices unexpectedly (and the people
Mrs Hudson parked her car on the curb a bit off to the side of the Tent of Telepathy, an obnoxious structure that obscured the view in the worst way possible. John’s stomach dropped, a dead weight pinning him to the spot. Suddenly, he regretted his decision to come here. But he did not want to be petty -- he and Mary broke up a long time ago, why hold grudges? The least he could do was accept her invitation and see her this once.
Sherlock quickly assessed others’ reactions: Irene and John fist bumped inconspicuously, Mike, Eddie, and Billy seemed mildly impressed by his stating of the obvious, Sarah kept tapping on her screen, and Kate tilted her head like a curious puppy while Wilkes rolled up his sleeves as though preparing for a fight. Sherlock registered out of the corner of his vision that John took a step closer.
Sherlock merely shrugged at the inquiry. “I told you my summer was boring. I practically memorised the books by now. The classes just allow me to put my knowledge into practise.”
He watched his friend look at his feet, his jaw working as he mulled it over. Sherlock stayed quiet, letting John take the lead. “I’m not sure, John. What if this is my only chance at life without family feuds ruining the world every century?”
Mike continued, very uncomfortable since he was practically glued to the seat. “Okay -- Freddie… Uhm, it’s just that… it’s getting late and we’re expected to be home in a bit.”
Sherlock smiled tightly, eyes flicking over under the bridge momentarily. “Oh, it does help tremendously, Tim. Are you sure you don’t need our help?”
By going private she meant their spot on the rooftop. The sun warmed the place up, but they hid in the shade of the umbrella Kate brought up the other day. Irene walked her through the process, and Kate deduced that a part of why Irene had John drive her to the crystals was due to the height argument. Then Irene told Kate how she found this shard, but her visit to the pocket universe went unmentioned, as well as resurfacing from under the porch.
“Should we wait outside?” Irene asked, a worrying glance running John up and down. Was his discomfort that obvious?
“We didn’t take any kid!” the elf man stuttered, back of his knees bumping against the stroller. Sherlock noticed it was devoid of any toddler.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, rotating the soda can, half full and yet light like it was empty. Lestrade was ever the strange man. “I’m studying chemistry. Irene is a fashion student.”
He saw the sharp turn of her head upon saying it out of the corner of his eye. Yeah, he’s got a tirade coming.
“Hi,” Sherlock said dryly, but huffed a laugh when he realised the absurdity of it. All the dread he felt building up sort of dissipated, and he couldn’t bring himself to look away from John. But before it could become weird, he pried his eyes away from his face, instead opting to look him up as a whole.
It turned out to be much harder, though, to get to their destination. They had to conquer a few sets of stairs to get to the class on the Third Floor corridor, but the stairs refused to cooperate and moved on their own. Thankfully a Fifth Year student helped them out to get to class on time.
“Ruffle your hair a little. Yes, like that. Good, you look great! I’ll keep an eye out. I could even warn you in the reflections in case someone is on their way to interrupt you!”
Dean heaved a sigh. Kids and their big pleading eyes begging for stuff. He remembered when Sam was five years old and asked Dean if they could buy the aforementioned teddy bear. Their dad wasn’t around then -- he was on a hunt, as per usual -- and Sam was having nightmares. Dad didn’t really bother with expendables like that, and Dean never had another stuffed animal after the first incident with Azazel. But he’d made an effort for Sammy, because he gave him the same pleading look that Irene was giving him right now. And he couldn’t quite resist it.
“I wish I knew,” Harry mumbled, suddenly rising to his feet. “That’s all, I just…. wanted all four of us to know what we’re dealing with. It wouldn’t be fair if you were the only one clueless about the dragons.”
His reflection shrugged. “A little. Nothing daunting. But his aura is getting twitchy. You really have to step up your game, dude.”
“Nothing of your concern, brother-dear,” Mycroft said quietly, halting in the doorframe. He spared Sherlock one last look. The light in the hallway cast shadows over half his face. He looked ghostly in a way. “You’re welcome, by the way. You could pack yourself next time.”
Before he managed to stand up, though, John was already coming back at him, royal blue poured into his palm and he bent forward to smear it all over Sherlock’s shirt and chest. The detective giggled, grabbed John’s arms and yanked him forward, taking the tube from his hand. He turned and poured a good amount on his hair, splattering it with a soft tap.
“No, nothing with mould. Irene? Irene!” He ran back into the living room and stopped dead in his tracks. Sherlock facepalmed again. Oh God. John gasped when he appeared by his side.
Sherlock didn’t have time to gift Dean’s singing with his typical roll of his eyes, because Gloria had finally caught up with the two, dividing the veil of falling water as though she were opening up a curtain and she floated inside.
Mrs Hudson’s eyes softened. “Oh, John. At least you get him to listen to you. I do too, if I threaten to use my duct tape.”
“No, you just didn't have to go all scholarly on it. Just eat a proper slice of each and then you'll see.”
She sprinted, her muscles pushing her towards the magenta beam illuminating the gloom of shadows surrounding her and John. Centimeters in front of it she hesitated, heart skipping a beat and tempo faltering, but her scout dignity kicked in a backup generator and she ran through the beam in two long strides. It took five more until her pace slowed and she could stop without tripping over.
Kate took the microphone and announced the beginning of the competition. The crowd hurdled closer, eager to witness the clash of titans. Michael Jackson’s
I'm sorry but not really, the insecure Sherlock train has only now taken off the station of Insecurity&Misery co., and as such, we'll see a bit more
“Clearly, I woke you up,” Sherlock said, huffing. He was still dressed in his robe, though without the tie. “I used Wingardium Leviosa on you. I couldn’t risk you screaming the whole House down at one in the morning.”
“True.” John looked at Sherlock on his right, suddenly realising they were the same height. He managed to grow up during summer! “Hey! I’m as tall as you!”
“What for?” Sherlock’s brows furrowed. He stopped, glaring holes into Mycroft’s head. He delivered the worst news. That was a bad omen.
So, Greg continues his Disney princess streak and fails, the three of them ship johnlock, and Irene is on her way to matchmake.... how, we will see eventually. It's more like she's the devil and the angel on their shoulders, whispering tempting ideas as both divine beings. At least that's my picture of her when she goes talking about it xD
"Thank you. Good thing you offered, you owe me after getting me in this mess," Blake said, arching an eyebrow, though his good spirits were back. Cedric was a good friend.
Irene’s voice was soft when she spoke. “Don’t say that, Sherlock. You are lovable just like everybody else. And John seems to be up to that…. Sorry, fine, I’ll stop the teasing. For now, anyway. And who says it would be a fling? Believe it or not, there’s something about you two. I can’t say what exactly, but my sixth sense is telling me that you two were made for each other. Like you met yourself before, like in a previous life or something. Maybe even when you were kids  and you just don’t know it - though that’s not possible because John grew up in Canada. Or you met on the streets before and didn’t recognise one another. My point is - just stop being so shy about it!”
“I’ve been reading Gabe’s notes and files and books all week,” Greg said, picking up his and Sally’s glasses. A packet of tiny umbrellas stuck out from his back pocket. “I’m no amateur, Ant.”
“Thankfully you had her sign herself over to you for basically nothing. Her jealousy and envy rule her head. I’m trying to use it to our advantage.”
“Oh, please,” Irene rolled her eyes, leaning against the cash register. She leaned in closer to John as if she were about to share a dark secret. “You seriously don’t think I can’t hear you sing in the shower? Your voice is so deep even whispering sounds like thunder! Admit it, you sing. And your singing is
Mr Ripped whacked himself in the face with a brick, the clay crumbling to dust on impact with his skull. Madison Prim was…. Curious. Several men around the diner cheered and clapped to that. The jingle ended and the telly resumed playing the news.
As John led the way, stopping in aisles from which they needed products (he took the weird wheely cart one could drag behind them or carry it by hand), Sherlock passed the time by telling Rosie his deductions of the other customers.
The trouble began on the stairs. The peaceful and dreamy castle and its ambient atmosphere were disrupted not by solely the two First Years breaking school rules, but also by the school's caretaker Filch and his despicable (as described by the students) cat, Mrs. Norris.
Irene squeezed her eyes shut, her body going rigid to minimise the chance of a serious injury. A flurry of movement later, ignoring the shouts of John and Kate, she found herself colliding with not one, but two pairs of hands. Kate held her under her armpits, John her legs.
“Dimmock!” Donovan appeared from around the corner, waving wildly at him. “I need you to go help Gregson and Alison out, there’s the wannabe beaver fuckers fighting again!”
“Who made you?” Cas cornered him near a potted plant, his blade ready to strike. Cage clung to the pot and the wall, his immovable features smiling but also unsettlingly feral. That charming smile was wicked and rotted. “Why are you seeking revenge on my friends? Who sent you?”
intrusion, he seemed to take it lightly and with a side humour. “It’s fine. Unfortunate how everyone around us decided to have the most abysmal timing in the universe, but it’s alright. I’ll take the cash tin to the shop, you go help Lestrade.”
“Yes, we have thug forest fauna and flora -- we found out our first week here. But -- what happened to Hirsch?”
"Oh please, it's Sherlock," the detective said with the slightest hint of smirk. "And this one is John. Let's get over the formalities."
Disgruntled and tired, Greg dragged himself to the elevator and up. He came to a halt at the top of the staircase leading to the vending machine and watched the monitor connected to a camera in the gift shop. He’s got to make sure the kids or Castiel aren’t up and about to bust him. After what felt like hours, Greg slithered out of the secret passage and saw the vending machine slot into its place. No soul would guess that he’s hiding three sublevels of basement rooms and labs behind it.
“I recognise trash when I see it, just like now,” Greg said, patting her on the back as he passed her to return to the living room. He’s not going to be bothered by the Club today. He needs to chill and relax. Irene didn’t push for answers, thankfully. He looked over his aching shoulder. “Wanna see what else is on TV?”
A scandalised look passed Sherlock’s features. “What? Why would I return it? Don’t even joke about that, John. It’s from you, of course I’ll keep it.”
I'm going to the dentist's this Saturday and they will look at the scan of my mouth to see whether there's something sus, I'm kinda scared ngl
Sam took his phone back from Dean, waving at them. “It’s been nice to see you, John. You too, Cas. We’re glad you’re safe.”
Lestrade shrugged, rubbing the back of his neck. “Long story.” Ah, alright. John didn’t have the chance to pass on the message yet, probably. “But I convinced his parents and we got a deal out of it. John got a break for most summers. At first he stayed only for two weeks, but as he grew up, we bargained for more. Eventually he stayed the whole two months, like he does now.”
“What do we do now?” John voiced his question out loud, putting hands on his hips. He circled the statue as Irene took a picture of it.
“Sherlock, are you okay?” he asked, worried. John practically grabbed him by the shoulders, careful not to be aggressive with his assessment of his health. He tried to find any traces of hurt and discomfort on the boy, but Sherlock seemed alright. Thank God. “I saw Cage kick you square in the chest, did he make it worse? Anything that feels out of place?”
“Watch out, Reichenbach Falls, because at a hundred and ten degrees we’re looking at the HOTTEST DAY of the summer!” the news reporter exclaimed with a lot more excitement than was due. The camera cut to a livestream of local nature and a squirrel that caught on fire. There was a cut to the studio where a fabulous drag king switched places with the weather reportman and chaos ensued.
She let out a derisive snort. “And discover nothing but dead ends and walk in circles? No, Greg. Too late for clues to pop out like daisies from snow now.”
truly resided in the town. But then if he did, he may be crazy enough to implement it in his shabby Shack. Strange how that house still stood upright and didn’t tumble to the side, its wooden structure withering away after years of inept upkeep. No wonder it needed constant touch-ups. But why didn’t he invest in restoring it? Hm. Perhaps to keep it rustic and attract bigger crowds? Possible. Likely. Smart.
. His ribs were still a bit tender from that Gloria Scott escapade from two days ago. He got kicked square in his diaphragm and gasped for breath.
” Mork said victoriously, always desperate to get the last word. “Hey, why the long face? Pinetree, Rose, and Bee are practically all good to go soon. You’re just missing your Sun, don’t ya.”
that she took a hold of in the forest. Like she and John had agreed, neither of them uttered a word about the crystals. What John had no clue of, though, and Irene neither at first, was that she grabbed a fragment of a crystal back when she was tying her shoes. The shard had its two sides in both of the colours they have seen in the forest. So. So…. Who would she be to resist the temptation of tinkering with the forces of magical nature? Her brother was a future Consulting Detective and a scientist, she had to get a go at her own experiment eventually.
Rubbing away the sleep from his eyes, he tried to rise up, but his legs wouldn’t listen. Ah, there was that. He still wasn’t used to having limbs without membranes connecting fingers and toes to aid him in swimming, or other marine characteristics that slowly vanished due to his being out of water, and, therefore, magic. It wasn’t a drastic change that left him feeling empty and hollow, but there was a sensation of incompleteness that was new and uncommon to comprehend.
Why? She took genuine interest in her people of choice, yet there never were deeper feelings involved. Sure, her dating life may have been hasty, but even that one ‘relationship’ with a long-term friend yielded no romantic results. She did like them all, if they didn’t turn out to be bitches, but… Damn, her head hurt from all this reevaluating. Good thing she was taking a break, she needs to clear her head out on this matter.
“Redbeard, will you stay with your mama?” The puppy whimpered a yes in his dog language. Sherlock, outnumbered by two quadrupedal creatures made of cuteness and fur, relented and went to pet his new friends before following Donna and Irene towards the police box. He shot glances back over his shoulder until Donna opened the blue door and Irene dragged him in by his white shirt collar.
“You can’t ‘blend in’ with the locals,” Freddie said, sadness creeping into his otherwise cheerful demeanour. “I didn’t choose to be different, but they wouldn’t understand, you know? That much is given.”
“We’re good too!” Will shouted from the back where he was arm wrestling the Hulk. He lost over and over again, but he never gave up. Pocahontas was their referee.
“I heard you talking about Gloria Scott’s ghost,” Sherlock breathed, John huffing as he tried to catch a breath. The other man’s eyes narrowed ever so slightly, but he continued acting like he never even heard of the word ‘ghost’ itself. Sherlock gestured to himself and John, “I think we may be of help.”
“Go about the business as usual,” John replied, already done with his food. Sherlock stared at him incredulously, but what? He’s hungry. John jerked his head forward to signal Sherlock to finish his portion. “Also -- Irene. I’ll need your entrepreneurship during the week. We can take turns as to who will be showcasing the museum, and if you and Kate have an expo to add, all the better. Just avoid the flammable stuff.”
“It may be,” he said dramatically. He put his free hand on John’s right shoulder, instructing him to put his own on his waist. “Alright, you will lead. Although usually, the taller partner leads --”
John pressed the unlock button on his keypad and the car mechanism audibly switched. Wow. That was new -- Sherlock being so defensive. They got inside, buckling up. The radio stayed off.
It didn’t mean anything. And there was nothing wrong if he considered John Watson to be quite attractive. He wasn’t blind, he had twenty-twenty vision, so why not appreciate it?
John released his grip and took a steady step back, watching as Wilkes muttered a response. Rolling his eyes, he pointed at the exit and watched as Sebastian scurried out. He then turned to Sherlock, who fixed him with a look full of confusion, awe, amusement, and… anger?
“Well, it’s just a mild annoyance, dear,” Trelawney had said. “Goodness knows that family can be a bit of a pain, aren’t they? There’s a knife too, so be sure to avoid fighting or hatred - it could be a disaster for you.”
“Okay, so. Kate convinced Greg to have a party at the Shack on the twenty-fifth. We’d have to help out, naturally, because that’s what Kate bargained for in the process as she bartered for the party. But after we’re done setting things up, we’re free to enjoy it and have fun. I was thinking our first date could be then, if you’re okay with that. We can observe and deduce people, make fun of them, dance, or just leave. It’s not obligatory to stay. We can stay for a little bit and then go out for a walk if the space gets too crowded. I know for sure I wouldn’t like to stay the whole time. But that’s just an idea and if you have something else in mind, I’m open to suggestions. I just thought that since I asked you out, I should be the one to suggest what to do, but of course you have a say in it.”
“No, you don’t,” Sherlock replied, voice dropping lower. He removed his hand and put it under his pillow, fixing his step-sister a quizzical look. “Why am I feeling like this?”
“Shit, sorry!” John said, taking an awkward step back, hands raised in self-defense. Sherlock didn’t hear him come in, he was too deep in his analysis of the Wheel. He exhaled in a long, shuddering breath (embarrassing), but waved his hand in a dismissive motion. “It’s just that I called your name a couple times from the doorway but you’ve been so absorbed that you didn’t hear me. I guess. So, uh, I figured I’d come in? I thought you’d notice but you’re an avid reader, heh.”
“Therefore they couldn’t even hypothetically open it, because Salazar Slytherin was an orthodox pure-blood,” Sherlock finished, sounding satisfied. Then, his voice changed to an alarmed state once more.”But wait, who investigated it? The Ministry? The Professors? I don’t think there were competent people looking into the matter.”
“That’s unfortunate,” John said, watching Sherlock lick crumbs off his lips. “I wouldn’t mind sacrificing myself for the comfort.”
not, Cas. Trust me, okay? You didn’t ask for memory loss and you certainly didn’t ask to be a mediator in some divine game between dimensions. You’re not to blame.”
When done and sent, he was delighted to see his flustered Sherlock getting smaller and smaller in his seat as Billy tried to engage him in a conversation. Sherlock cast him a sideways glance, internally screaming for help. John snorted and listened to Billy’s inquiries. If only he could lean in and rest his cheek on Sherlock’s shoulder…
Blake scoffed, snatching the hem of his robes from under Cedric’s thighs. "I'm no one's man. Well, at least I wasn't. Suddenly everyone seems to have adopted me as a celebrity."
“For your information,” Sherlock yawned, throwing an arm across John’s chest and putting his head on John’s shoulder, “you’re a very comfortable pillow.”
Andrew cast a disapproving glance at Mike, repositioning Molly to guide her somewhere they could sit down. Irene’s jaw dropped. What the fuck? This smooth motherfucker…. No. No, never, she won’t let this slide. Not on her majestic matchmaker watch. Mike hasn’t even mentioned this! Or did this happen because the rewind? Irene had no idea how time shenanigans worked, or how they impacted it all.
Greg frowned. "He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, John. He's the most evil wizard ever. He has those cronies helping him, the Death Eaters. My dad's been having troubles because of them lately."
“Yes. But nothing came of it. He was declared dead several years later, and we are none the wiser as to what happened. Mycroft is the one who taught me deduction, and his loss is why I… why I want to be a detective. Find lost things, figure out the last bits of information, I guess. That, my morbid curiosity and childhood obsession with NCIS: Miami shaped my career decision.”
Before Sherlock could reply, John seized him by the arms and pulled him up with his strong arms, smiling shyly. “John, don’t worry,” Sherlock managed. He must admit that from up close, his smile was even nicer. “I’m alright. I didn’t see you either.”
“Why is that a surprise? I’m gorgeous,” she waved a hand dismissively after Sherlock released her from his grip.
She asked about what happened after he was sent to a room off-sight from the Great Hall. Blake retold them everything; how the other Headmasters reacted to having two Hogwarts champions, how that Karkaroff guy seemed especially displeased, and how Dumbledore believed that Harry was innocent in this. A point he and Cho shared, though Cedric seemed to be fifty-fifty about it.
“No worries, Mrs. Hudson,” Irene told her, stepping aside to allow the older woman to walk downstairs to get her medication.
Irene folded his shirts and trousers with precision and put them in neat piles. “I can take these to your room. John, can you give Cas a towel? Let’s get him to smell like a human.”
John let out a hearty laugh. “Yeah, I guess me too. But I can proudly say that this is the best unexpected development I’ve ever seen.”
“Nothing bad. He hasn’t committed any crimes as far as I’m concerned. He’s not a troublemaker, is he?”
“Compared to the other angels, not as often as you’d expect,” Cas said after a while of silence. “In the modern human era I’ve been stationed here three times total, the most recent but aborted Apocalypse included.”
"Hello, Harry," John greeted him, rounding his armchair to shake his hand. "Can I get you anything?"
John turned the tap off, the last stream of water disappearing down the drain. He wiped his hands dry, patting Sherlock’s waist as he moved around him to hang up the rag. They worked in synchronicity, establishing a mutual rhythm they both understood automatically. Speak of domesticity. John glanced at Greg seated at the dining table.
Greg did a mental check-up as the elevator stopped at the lowest level. He’s got cash that he’ll leave the kids to buy groceries and treat themselves with, there’s enough of that. Hudders will insist on paying her share, but that’s out of the question -- Greg’s paying. She will, however, undoubtedly make sure she buys all the street food they come across to feed him up. Typical, Greg thought fondly as he rifled through a cabinet where he kept his files and notes neatly organised.
"Possible, but it may come with risks," Sherlock said, standing up and pacing around the room. Silence fell upon them again.
New episode (number 5!) airs on the 10th, and things between John and Sherl will finally get a lot more interesting! Also, there'll be a new person I'll introduce. Hint: the episode is called A Nightmare at the Opera. Can you guess why? :) bit of a word play right there~
Irene side-eyed John, then Sherlock, and when the former turned his neck to look at his crush (this sounded surreal), he caught a glimpse of sadness in Sherlock’s features. Did he miss something? He almost voiced his question when his phone rang. A notification displayed on the screen -- he completely forgot about this!
How in the bloodiest of hells - as his British classmates would say - got him to be a Hogwarts champion? When it was announced at the beginning of the year, he just rolled his eyes and wanted to get on with his workload, which, frankly, was over the top already. They didn’t take things lightly at Hogwarts, and the professors viciously wanted Seventh Years to succeed in their N.E.W.T.s.
“Hi, Mary,” he managed to say after she pulled back. She looked…. fine, he guessed. There was still this imaginative halo of sparkles around her scintillating from her, thanks to her lively energy. John knew it well, she charmed a lot of people with it, but it didn’t work on him anymore. Not much. Hell, did it ever? “Erm, good show.”
“And therefore you felt jealous at the prospect of him considering running back to his sorry ex. One that has terrible sense in fashion, may I add.” That got a chuckle out of him. Good. “But Sherlock, he doesn’t want that. He said so himself. You were there.”
“Fair haired,” supplied the other girl in the group, Sarah. She shrugged without sparing them as much as a glance from her phone screen. “Googled it.”
Sherlock reached for another piece of slightly burnt popcorn and dipped it in the sauce. It was simply delicious. John seemed to notice his satisfaction, because he asked, “Like it?”
Sherlock quirked an eyebrow and was up on his heels quick enough to pull John closer to him. John held his hand out of Sherlock’s reach, but Sherlock gave up the fight and only stared at John. He was wearing that amused, smug, yet enamoured expression that existed only for John, and he found himself melting with happiness.
Cas shrugged. “For masochists, maybe. But if an angel possesses a vessel, then their true form is subdued, though the wings are ever-present. You can sense their presence if you focus, but they should be invisible to you.”
“Cas, haven’t you, by chance, met a hunter or a person who may have written this journal?” Sherlock asked while his step-sister showed John her three latest polishes.
Sherlock shot him a glance, eyes roaming his entire body and then staying on John’s face. He fleetingly looked down at his knees buried in sand and at the water. “I’m afraid I’m too lazy to get up,” he said blankly. He outstretched his arms limply. “Carry me?”
The evening weather was warm and slow, unlike Greg’s car that swished through the mostly abandoned streets like greased lightning. The radio blasted ‘
“Not really,” John considered, yawning. He nodded at the journal. “Can I have a look?” Irene handed him the book and he read through a few pages. The journal itself focused more on the magical fauna and flora, plus a couple cursed objects here and there. What was written in the other two?
Cas was getting fed up with free falling. He couldn’t relax, his wings were cold and tired from being spread out to protect his humans, and his mind was flooded by pop culture references and information he couldn’t quite wrap his head around. Though the wizard movies Dean mentioned sounded intriguing. He wouldn’t mind having those movie nights Irene and him talked about; it would be nice to unwind with Dean and the others.
“JAWN NO!” Sherlock wheezed and tried to wriggle from under his grasp, but John was relentless. “AAAH! NO! STAPH! PLEASE!”
Sherlock sprinted to the red-and-purple window, almost tripping over a crease in the carpet as he dashed across the room to get a look at Irene and Normandy. They were in the yard standing by Mrs Hudson’s flower beds, both women holding hands. However, Normandy was shielded from the sun by the shadow the upkeeper’s shed cast on her, and only Irene basked in the sunrays.
Sherlock leaned over Donna, observing what she was doing, taking in the mechanics like a dry sponge. Irene looked over her other shoulder, craning her neck, then giving up and just watching from the side. The Doctor rushed to them, reprimanding.
I love Gabriel, and we will see more of his golden ass. I am gonna give us his and Castiel's sibling arc that C*W could never
John’s frown softened. He took Mycroft for stuck-up, after the whole ordeal with occasional kidnapping and the attempt to bribe John, but given how quickly he came to the rescue (assuming he pays somebody else to keep an eye on Sherlock, which is more than probable), he really is only watching out for his sibling’s greater good (whatever it may be).
The plan was to scavenge the small island, which was actually bigger than it seemed at first, and locate Gloria. It was quarter past nine when they set out, and neither John nor Sherlock thought about Lestrade and whether he would be looking for them. Conversation steered naturally between Sam and John, the taller man inquiring about the town and how come they became involved with the mysteries. John answered enthusiastically, his sociable personality shining through as he told him about their pixie adventure just a number of days ago.
A loud thump and a set of gasps filled the air as John hit the pixie across the head with the shovel. She flew to the side, completely blacked out.
Cas cleared his throat, his sky blue eyes roaming across the attic, taking in every detail. “Sherlock and John told me to stay here while they fetched food and drinks. They mentioned you’re in the shower and that they’d warn you beforehand, but well. Anyway, Sherlock said I can have a look around, and I spotted the red rose on the shelf. And when I got inside, the door just slid closed.”
“Don’t call him ugly,” John reprimanded him, even though he found the human-bird rivalry hilarious. Who’d have guessed Sherlock Holmes would be jealous of a dodo? Meep clicked his beak at Sherlock, who crouched near the river bank to get a better look at the peculiar swans. “Do you want to stay here for a bit? I can go have a look around and call you if I find something interesting.”
Sherlock leaned his weight on his hands that grasped the metal railing behind them, telling John to back up. The limited space on the balcony proved to be essential for this task; Sherlock didn’t have to stretch out much. Hoping not to embarrass himself even further than he already had in front of John, he braced himself and kicked the doors in. The doors flew open with a bang, creaking in its hinges. John let out a whistle -- impressed. Sherlock considered it a victory. That’ll show Wilkes.
It was plain as a day. Mary had issues. Irene saw that before, but eavesdropping on a mysterious, eerie conversation hammered the last nail in the coffin. Kate, stunned as she was by the proclamation regarding John, gritted her teeth. She peeked out from under the silk scarf and then hauled Irene behind a desk nearby, hiding them in the shadows, as though they were bugs or mice sneaking about Cinderella’s house, trying to find food for sustenance and avoid the evil step-mother.
The Shack’s defenses were up at all times, there’s no way someone barged in. And also, this feeling of being watched Greg had felt was… weird and chaotic. As if he were a prey observed through distant lenses of a predator. Shivers ran down his spine, and he stood up, checking the panel near the elevator where the cameras were stationed. They were dispersed around the lot, checking out the perimeter of the Shack, and then there were the ones in the gift shop. He didn’t need to have cameras inside the house since he put numerous traps and shields on it that would prevent anyone unwelcome from entering. Some of them were courtesy of Bobby Singer, back from where the house was being rebuilt and wasn’t labeled as a ‘Mystery Shack’ yet. Greg and Bobby haven’t talked in years, but thinking about it, he remembered that the guy had sometimes talked about his two boys, brothers -- weren’t they called Winchesters?
He flicked a hand through his hair as he passed her, rolling up his sleeves while he walked to his car. His rage within was evident. Vivien attempted to talk to him, but Greg cussed her out in French and sped off, leaving a cloud of dust in his wake.
“Yeah, I liked that too,” John agreed, a smile spreading across his face at the memory, the fifty bucks safely tucked in his pocket. “I loved your deductions. Actually used the knowledge a little to confirm the mirror wasn’t you. I got a whiff of it the moment I lay my eyes on him, in fact.”
“Tall guy, long hair -- that’s Sam,” John explained, pointing at him. Both brothers were wearing flannel shirts with sleeves rolled up. “Shorter guy is Dean. He’s the older brother.”
John took a protective stance in front of Sherlock as the girl took out her wand and aimed at him. John reciprocated the gesture despite the fact he couldn't defend neither himself nor Sherlock.
"Well, moving past the sentiment, I think we should get the horcruxes cleared up first," Sherlock said, his mouth going off on the fast tangent. "So, tell us, Harry, what did Mundungus Fletcher do with the locket?"
“Always look on the bright side of life,” John said, poking Irene with his foot as she threw a pillow at her brother.
The moment Janine stepped back to allow Irene to do her bit, she slid into the spotlight on her knees, ignoring the burn on her skin. Time to be dramatic to the fullest. Irene’s secret weapon was her experience from living with Sherlock, who could be a right drama queen -- she got most of the flamboyance from him. Now, she could put it to good use.
“I have been able to decipher three letters, but they don’t give me much to work with. If I manage to locate all the small drabbles across the pages and find shorter words that I can fill in and get other letters it will go faster. I could be done in two weeks.”
“So we can agree to fuck up the other’s haters when it gets too much?” Irene chirped, suddenly cheerful, although her smile had a venomous undertone to it.
The front door closed. Irene and Kate mindlessly stared at the TV, brains and bodies catatonic. Finding out part of a conspiracy was too much information to handle for one afternoon. The TV played reality shows, and when even those ended, Gordon Ramsay’s
“Where are John and Sherlock?” Irene asked innocently, popping her last bit of the cheesy toast into her mouth. “Stayed at the Lake?”
Mycroft rolled his eyes. Ah, there’s that Holmes-typical trait. “What I’m trying to say is,” he started, looking mildly uncomfortable considering his words, “that I appreciate your willingness to continue being Sherlock’s… friend, even though he may refuse to acknowledge it. But after all, he’s not the best when it comes to socialisation.”
“Sherlock? What are you doing?” she shot the question at his back, which twisted as he turned his neck and torso to look at her. A tentative smile played on his lips.
"I had a chance to explore the other four passages briefly during breaks today," Sherlock explained. He talked normally, he was sure they were out of anyone's earshot. "Nothing exceptional, just storage passages for different items. Although I think some of them should be restored, mould can be hard to get rid of."
Sam stuck his tongue out at him, plopping in the passenger’s seat like a puppet whose strings have been cut. Cas sat in the back with Irene, the former observing her should there be another injury he hadn’t seen. Thankfully the girl was healthy as a peach, albeit very, very exhausted like the rest of them.
John clenched and unclenched his fist, remembering what he wanted to do. Ah, talk to Irene. He didn’t cross a meter before a clatter of things falling in the bathroom made his instinct dash into the room like the speed of light without thinking. He realised his intrusion as soon as he stepped over the threshold, but thankfully Sherlock was fully clothed, save for his unbuttoned shirt. Bottles of shampoo and hair products from the cabinet had fallen on the tiled floor from above the sink.
Dean’s body jerked upright, his brain disoriented for a few seconds as it rebooted. “Cas,” he rasped, bumping an elbow on his bedside table as he tried to grasp the spinning world. “I dunno if you remember, but we talked about this.”
Sherlock stared at himself. Or, the reflection that now seemed to move on its own. While Sherlock stood backed up against a crate, his looking-glass version winked at him and eased the topmost button on his purple shirt. Unconsciously, he repeated the gesture.
Draco led the Slytherin Champion a little further down the dormitories. Selcout let out a deep sigh as he regarded Draco with a thankful smile.
Sherlock flopped on his back and swallowed. Oops. Isn’t he welcome, then? Irene kicked him out after he’d changed into pyjamas. She’s having a movie night with herself, Cas, and their new plushies. She stole Sherlock’s laptop to stream it. He’d grabbed the journal to list through and find an interesting exploit for the museum and retreated from her territory. He assumed John would be okay with this, he winked at him… So no mixed signals, then, right? But Sherlock caught him off guard.
John shivered. “Ooh. I love your voice. Seriously, narrate documentaries. I’ll fall asleep listening to it. It vibrates through your chest and it’s hypnotising.”
dull after all. Irene seemed a little horrified, but she didn’t say anything to either doubt or disregard Mrs. Hudson.
By a way of courtesy, Sherlock let Greg take the first turn, saying that sleeping on the floor (mattress) is more authentic. He had then looked to John for approval that his statement was correct, to which he, naturally, nodded. It didn't matter, not really, but who was John to take the excitement away from them?
“Another perk of radiation is its apparent improvement of my singing skills,” Freddie chirped, setting the microphone aside. “So, now that we’re all acquainted… Where would you like to sleep?”
John sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. He hated the idea of even pronouncing that abominable name of the dish, even more so to pay for it. He had tried it once, and that was enough. It was just
Truth be told, he transferred from Ilvermorny at the end of June, when his Aunt with whom he lived decided it would be nice to move back to her homeland, the United Kingdom. He didn’t protest, he planned on going here someday anyway, this just sped things up. It’s not like he missed Ilvermorny, he was a loner there, maybe with one exception, but his friend graduated two years ago. Adjusting to this decision was easy.
Tim took a long, raspy breath. John flinched at the sound - broken ribs, possibly. The risk of infection in these conditions was running high. Even if goblins were resistant and enduring, it would be painful to live through and the recovery would be slow.
The boy yelped at the sudden weight launched at him, but managed to catch it. He looked at John quizzically, as though unsure what to do with it.
Castiel’s wings fluttered gently in a light breeze, the dark feathers glistening here and there in colours of the rainbow depending on how light reflected on them. They were wrapped around him and his friends, loose, and he had his arms crossed, a blank look on his face as he faced the sky, or the bright dot that was left of it as he was falling and falling endlessly in the dark.
“You can stop struggling, you know. My Barbies are feeding off my pettiness and power to hold you against your will. They’re stronger than all of you combined!”
When he was unceremoniously dropped atop his bed covers, Dean shut his window and lit the bedside lamp. It was getting late, and even if it was summer and sunlight in certain areas lasted until eight, he’d appreciate the ability to see. Although with his grace back, he might be able to even without a direct source of light. Sam didn’t bother pointing this out; Dean was just being nice.
“To my understanding he is. He escaped because of various interferences and seals breaking and tried to raise the Apocalypse. But Sam, Dean, Bobby and I managed to halt his efforts. This is the thing: I remember that when we went to confront Lucifer and Michael --”
Sherlock hummed, completely consumed by the secrets the journal revealed to him. Oh, this definitely wasn’t fake. He probably should be more perturbed by the fact that the reality wasn’t strictly black and white and some sort of magic veiled through the fabric of existence, but… To hell with that! This is a gold mine! Practically his childhood dreams of being a treasure hunter or adventurer… There was an addendum on the bottom of the page.
“I could lie,” John suggested, shrugging. He dug his arm under Sherlock’s pillow, resting his head down next to his.
The sky above Reichenbach Falls brightly hung over the town and its questionable fauna and flora. Birds sang the Adam’s Family theme song, forest squirrels that mugged beavers roamed in the shadows amok, and naive adolescents from Oklahoma were being scammed by one owner of a
serious. To be honest, I was drunk that night and I have no idea how I passed that short online course. I don’t even know who bothered making it and certifying it. But my brother laughed his ass off, and I was less hungover than expected, so…”
Sherlock said nothing, although it was clear he couldn’t avoid explaining it at this point at all. John still peered into the flames, eyebrows raised. His eyes suddenly widened as epiphany hit him.
“Sir!” Mary called out when Greg appeared, carrying a paper bag full of sweet donuts he’d purchased and six cups of coffee in a cartoon tray.
“No,” Sherlock cut, shaking his head as if to get rid of the excess shock. “You did not, I was merely processing the new data of how immaculately ridiculous you’re being trying to sound like a rich white woman from Orange County.”
avoid the sun, genius,” Irene said, irritated. She walked up to Sherlock, never breaking eye contact, her lips pursed in a thin, annoyed line. “Now listen to me, you dork. Normandy and I are going on a
Receiving a text from John agreeing to meet him in the back, he stuffed the phone in his back pocket and aimed his way to the bathroom on the ground floor.
John’s stomach flipped, and he leaned in to whisper in Sherlock’s ear. “Me too, Bumble. But we also need food and I’m getting hungry. So let’s have another twenty minutes to ourselves and then we get up and be productive.”
Ah, the talk of the defeated. Sam relished Dean’s glares thrown at him as he and Greg got into a debate regarding the actress. His brother mimicked sentences Sam was saying, not even hiding in the periphery, just straight up making faces like the immature child he was.
. Was it even legal, Santa’s extortion of his workers? And what about the reindeer? Isn’t it stressful to have to run around the globe in a singular evening to deliver presents to ungrateful brats?
“Irene run!” John grabbed her by the wrist, but not before he found a bat just in case. Irene in turn grabbed Alex by the rim of his red collar on his shirt, tugging him along. Now that he also pissed Cage off, he was in danger. Only at the beginning of the tunnel had John realised they could’ve disarmed Cage -- it was too late for that now. John urged Irene up the ladder first, putting the backpack over her shoulders. Then followed Alex, who was fuming because of the unknown, hopefully long dead rodents. There were enough killers to deal with in one day. To think they only wanted to dig up dirt on Janine and ended up being chased by Nicolas Cage
After each question, John’s shoulders shook with suppressed laughter. Sherlock angrily shoved an elbow aimed at his ribs, but John caught it and held it in place, close to him. Sherlock stiffened momentarily and John let go. Shit, did he take it too far?
The scurrying feet of Mr. Bagman approached the boy, he squeezed his hand and had a look of utter bliss on his face, strongly contrasting the otherwise very somber atmosphere.
“I’ve been stationed here a few times throughout history, but for short periods of time. But before my amnesia, I think it was about a year, my ‘last’ visit. Maybe up to eighteen months. I’m not sure, everything’s too fuzzy.”
. Why did it make John look so attractive? “And don’t worry. I’ll ensure you have as many eureka moments by having sex with you whenever we please. Except for the clause that we’re alone, and undisturbed.”
Sherlock contemplated the angel. “From Lestrade and Mrs Hudson, probably. At least for a while before we figure out what’s up. We can’t be sure that they cannot see Castiel’s wings like you do. I’m curious how that’s possible. Irene and Kate, though, I’m sure they’ll help keep up appearances.”
“No fucking idea, honestly,” John said, leaning on he frame. His eyes grazed the invisible picture only he and Castiel were able to see.
"Nope," Blake shook his head, hanging it low so as to avoid any lingering, giddy looks. "Nothing yet. We've just been announced yesterday!"
They looked at each other. As soon as their eyes met, they broke down laughing, for which they were scolded by the Professor - it also earned them quizzical looks from their classmates, but they didn't really care.
This fic will be huge, I am not gonna lie. But that’s what makes it fun and exciting. Feel free to join the ride!
The rest of the day went by fast. Their new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, Mr. Ibsen, was a well-travelled man, as he told them, and he seemed good enough. Their first class was fine, they talked about Cornish Pixies and Mr. Ibsen even showed them one he kept in a small cage, similar to Henry’s. After that John and Greg had History of Magic where John dutifully took notes, although he almost dozed off a couple times. Fortunately for him and Greg, he had strong will and love for history.
with Sherlock. He was absolutely taken by the young man like a Japanese schoolgirl. Not that there was anything wrong with that.
Sherlock took John’s offered arm, Meep heeling at John’s right side. The rest of the bird population, big and small, acted like they lived there since the dawn of time. The terror birds, thankfully, didn’t find them to be an appealing lunch option and tended to their own business. Meep clucked and croaked along the way, probably giving them a tour in dodo language only he and a few other birds understood.
Irene gaped at Castiel, the smirk not quite suppressed. John snorted derisively and patted Sherlock on the back. Sherlock didn’t expect that answer, but he wasn’t
John woke up to sounds of soft snoring. He lifted his arm that shielded his eyes from the morning sun penetrating his dark blue curtains and his room. He let out a sharp exhale through his nose, rubbing his eyes and yawning.
The whispers now appeared to be closer, making Sherlock jump and look around, but there was no one except him in the gift shop, save for the malicious presence safely hidden from him on some invisible spectrum. This time, he rose and levitated along the merch and shop items, gravity and perhaps even the world turning and falling upside down.
“Okay…” Sally trailed off, eyebrows hitching up for a split second. “Remember the day I locked you up?”
Terpenes, well. Gotta use my so-far limited knowledge of gymnasial chemistry somehow for when I need in May at graduation, right? There's much more to them but for the sake of fanfiction, it's just a passing word that'll probably never appear again :D
“Kate and I tried to brainstorm while you were away, but we couldn’t think of what Greg likes in particular.”
And before Blake knew it, he was being dragged behind the nearest pillar past the corner. It served right that the library door opened and closed with a bang at the same time; a courtesy of Peeves the Poltergeist who decided now was a good time to pull pranks with water balloons.
Sherlock padded into the kitchen, omitting tea for now. Besides, John makes better tea. He’ll wait for that, and for the time being he opted for the milk, draining the whole carton in long gulps, then returning the box back in the fridge. John will surely throw it out when he comes around.
“Where’s Irene?” Sherlock asked with a hint of panic behind his tone, head tilting to where the attic was above them.
“Only in Oregon?” Aunt Martha accused. “Dear me, I get no recognition! Sam, would you like a drink? Water, tea, coffee….”
“Too much information, but those are my words exactly, Jake. The blond’s called John, by the way. So really, you don’t have to be scared of Sherlock or him. True, Sherlock’s focus can be uncomfortable, but he’s alright. And John is tame like a golden retriever. I’ll be there when you introduce yourself.”
“Likewise,” Sherlock mumbled, lips mouthing at John’s sandy blond hair. He smelled delectable. Realisation dawned on him that, after today’s fortunate development in their intimate life, they will be able to shamelessly share a shower from now on… whenever they please! The thought of it made Sherlock very happy. “But in the UK, it doesn’t have to be that bad. Of course, if you combine dampness and moisture with heat, it’s vile, but other than that the weather is fine. I like rainy weather. Though that may be just my upbringing shining through.”
Sherlock arched up and reached for a kiss, but John suddenly stood up, winking. “Fight’s over, genius. This is no body paint to be messing around with, less so with kissing. I’m going to shower.”
“Memes as a whole are irrelevant,” Sherlock dismissed, standing up. John hounded him for the treacherous declaration.
He checked the time. She’s been dancing on Frank’s grave for over fifteen minutes. She’s got it in her, the spite. Greg hoped that her poor excuse of an ex-husband had a nice headache in Hell. He deserved it, and a triple of that.
“Good question,” John said, eyelids heavy. “I’ll think about it. But I’m tired from all the social interaction I had today.”
“You know what I’d hate even more? If we experienced a series of unfortunate events and got sick or died from some internal injuries.”
“When Irene interrupted the other day? You were talking about your experiments but then she came in, you got petty, and then you switched the topic as if we were on it for hours. I thought you… remembered?”
People cheered Agra on, and she giggled into her microphone. “Ladies and gentlemen,” she said in her accent, still grinning. “It is
“Ay, don’t believe that crap. Mama Odie is over a hundred and look how chipper she is! You’re not even forty, chill your man-boobs.”
“Ha, that’s funny! I love your hair, it’s so smooth,” she whispered, mesmerised by its shine. The hair was mahogany with strands of ruby red throughout, thus creating a well-rounded, attractive and alluring image. The girl’s tanned skin added to the fullness of it, further enhancing it.
“I doubt it,” Sherlock laughed ruefully. Lestrade barely knew him, how could he like him? Besides, Sherlock isn’t very likeable to begin with, in his own opinion. Some remark always escapes him about other people, and he isn’t very sociable on his own.
John pressed his nose to Sherlock’s curls, enjoying the closeness. “Okay. But we agreed you have to ask for my consent in your experiments.”
“Justinkopnik!” she shouted, beyond herself. Her pair of saggy implants that hung from her chest bumped dangerously up and down, threatening to rupture at some point, Greg thought. Which would serve her right, that bitch. “I demand to know why you refuse to speak to your own mother?!”
flicked in front of his vision, as if a repressed memory asked to be seen. But the instant he focused on it it was irreversibly gone.
able to walk, it wasn’t enough. John had to be realistic. As such, he will have to opt for carrying Sherlock on his back while he learns how to walk properly. That shouldn’t take more than three days, but building up stamina was a whole other concern.
“Where did you… get my ring?” she said, puzzled. Her own fingers shot up to her neck chain and held it.
“This bloke named Doctor. Saw him near the toi tois and he said he’s looking for his companion, Donna Noble and he gave me a description that fits you!”
When the Shack was acceptably presentable to Greg, he declared the day over and let everyone breathe. He didn’t stop nagging them about some things he thought they could’ve done better, but he didn’t push it. He clearly sensed that even Mrs Hudson was getting irritated.
“Why Rabbiarty?” Sherlock mused, obviously astounded, but in a good way. Amused as well, maybe. His gaze was adoringly fixed at John. If Irene weren’t so damn irritated from the lack of sleep, she’d tease him openly about it. Lovestruck idiot - and he dared negate her when his pining was plain as a day! She needed to step up her matchmaking game.
“I’m fine,” John coughed, wiping sweat from his forehead. He should’ve put on a cap. “Can we go now? I’m getting sick of this place.”
Sherlock tapped on a video he took of Irene and Normandy hours prior. Perhaps this was indeed a stretch fueled by the discovery of the mystery journal and nothing deeper.
John found old dolls, and it sparks up Mrs Hudson’s need to knit again. But someone murder’s her doll! Sherlock’s first ever homicide behind closed doors. Crushes are definite.
Did he dream it or did he catch a whim of John…. feeling the same? Sherlock was confused, and he hated it. He had brushed it off before falling asleep that night; it was probably just his tired mind playing tricks on him. He was more prone to being emotionally vulnerable when exhausted. He had to control himself better, hoping never helped anybody.
“What about it?” asked John, leaning back in his chair. He put up a leg across Sherlock’s thighs, just because he could.
“Whoa! That’s crazy, where did you get that?” Will inquired, amazed by the trick that Irene just did. She explained to him how she and John wandered into the woods, leaving out the prior events when she got angsty about her height. “It seems like a gadget the Men in Black would use.”
The morning was brisk but humid. John had got up early, rising with the sun if not sooner, and he thanked whichever deity was listening for the nearest village being only half an hour away. Sherlock’s sleep was calm but his breathing was laboured, and whenever his back hurt John had to channel his magic to relieve some of his pain. No matter that open wounds were exchanged for scabs or pink or red scars, the tissue was still tender and delicate to touch. It will be so for the foreseeable future.
“I suppose we can stay tonight and dine out the rest of the week. I can see you’re tired. Oh, I was calling with Angelo before I came here -- he said hi.”
John’s caretaker mode kicked into overdrive; he didn’t notice other diners paying attention to them now. They had seen Mary and her handsome companion lounging in here, and it seemed like a good idea to eavesdrop on their conversation. Everyone was tuned in as though it were a soap opera, eagerly anticipating the climax.
“Oh, the usual,” she replied matter-of-factly. “Hunting, shooting, baking, canoeing, climbing, cooking, skinning animals efficiently, and knitting. Just the normal domestic work.”
The girl was leaning her upper body on a flat, hot pink floatie. Sunglasses in heart shapes covered her eyes from the glistening sunlight reflection on the lake as she observed nature around her. Irene dove under and kicked to swim as far as possible, only to burst from underneath the floatie with a gasp when her lungs burned from not having enough oxygen.
“Have you ever had a dog?” Sherlock’s voice lulled him from his reverie. John unzipped their backpack and took out the tupperware full of sandwiches and ice tea.
John propped his chin on his hand and batted his eyelashes. “Your TV had an insurance in case you chugged it out of the window.” He didn’t phrase it as a question. Knowing Greg, this was normal to expect. He wondered what insurance he had on the fridge. Or on that weird stuffed animal, half-chicken, half-ferret that stood guard in the second floor corridor, perched just above that crook in the wall near Greg’s bedroom.
Sherlock and Sam exchanged confused looks. First a dodo bird, then a goat that self invited herself to live here, and now a
“Sure,” Vivien said, casting Mary a shy smile. She was a fan, which was, to be honest, embarrassing. She was in her late thirties, and okay, it’s touching that she charmed even the older audiences, but Vivien could be less obvious about the whole ordeal. Mary graciously turned a blind eye to it. “So…. Let me recapitulate. I say I’d like to talk business, and dish out the offer from the Boss. Uh, I catalogue his reaction, and try to wage in a number of other offers.”
Finally, Sherlock gave him a raised eyebrow as though John came from another planet. Goodness gracious, thought John.
“Whoa, that escalated quickly,” Dean said from where he was peeking over the corner. Irene flipped him off as well, much to his scandal.
“Yes,” he grumbled, a faint pink tint colouring his cheeks. John batted his eyelashes at him, smiling, and satisfied. He ruffled Sherlock’s hair and kissed him on the forehead. Just as he was about to join Sherlock for a cuddle, his phone chimed. “Sorry, let me check it. Oh, it’s Sam.”
Sherlock kept rummaging through his things; books, textbooks, his sock index, the journal… Whatever John wanted to touch upon regarding their date, he didn’t feel ready for it yet. Not until he had time to have a heart-to-heart with Irene so that she could slap the insecure thoughts silly and out of his genius brain. Grabbing the journal, he decided the best strategy to stall on John’s desire to chat was to counter it with his own. Rambling it is.
John’s heart squeezed at the thought of Sherlock getting injured like he did in the cave a few days back. He will do what Sherlock does best to prove his suspicions (hopefully correctly).
“You’ve got one today,” John replied, cocking an eyebrow as he led them towards the cemetery. “Look, I’m constantly falling for Sherlock, but one thing at a time, alright? But it’s flattering.”
“Yes, lots of people are stupid, aren’t they?” he said, massaging the puppy’s floppy ears. “But Wilkes is extra stupid. Dogs are
Laughter escaped Irene’s mouth and she shook her head, looking up at Cas. “Angel, you’ve a lot to catch up on.”
“You should rest,” Cas told her, scratching her chin. She licked his fingers, the tip of her cold wet nose poking his wrist. He retreated to go up in the attic when Grace growled. “What’s wrong?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, though a smile tugging at his lips betrayed the annoyance it was supposed to show. Irene snorted and locked her phone. John’s eyes followed Sherlock as he grabbed it and tried to unlock the screen. He shoved the journal into the coffee table, covering it with a pillow. The pads of his fingers typed on the phone’s keyboard, putting in the password. A frown creased his forehead. Access denied.
“Yes, and he’s usually alone. He doesn’t seem like the social type, but I think he’s friends with Cedric Diggory. I’ve seen them together, especially outside on the grounds. Cho Chang hangs out with them occasionally too.”
irresponsible. Money loss for Greg meant a smaller paycheck for her, in the end. She put an arm around Irene’s shoulders and led her to the back room where the cleaning supplies, mops, and brooms were stashed. “I’ll let you in on my work secret. See that ladder over there?” She pointed at an unambiguous grimy ladder screwed to the wall.
Why them? There’s over seven billion people on this planet and yet some white boys from the United States are supposedly interesting enough to be in the centre of some cosmic feud. Unfair.
“Not at all,” Sherlock told him. His eyes widened. “Wait -- what about Grace and Redbeard? I have to go get them or --”
“That said, I’m knackered. I’ll go home now, Angelo is making dinner for us tonight. Have a nice rest of your day, girls!”
“I hope so. I wish I could be there personally to wish him a happy birthday, but unfortunately that’s not possible.”
Cage threw himself out into the pouring heavy rain, Cas’ wings pushing him forth to catch up. A lighting struck nearby, as if whipping the sky in two like a piece of paper. Then came the dark and the distant, increasingly intensifying rumbles of thunder.
“He completely blacked out,” Dean snickered as he poked Cas in the ribs. The angel hasn’t stirred once. Sam pitied him; who knew what Dean will do to him in his incapacitated state? “Sam, help me haul him upstairs.”
“Yeah, it’s not about Harry,” John shook his head, wrinkling his nose. The Watson siblings had a strained relationship for years, ever since she moved out to live with their grandmother. Better move on from this topic entirely.
“I’ll believe it when I see it,” Donovan said, smirking. She took a long sip from her coffee. Sherlock was getting restless. “But please, refrain from betting with other fishermen today. I’m in no mood to break up meaningless brawls when you trick them.”
"Sherlock Holmes!" Professor McGonagall called out, and the dark-curled boy whipped his head up. He left with a smug look on his face, John and Greg were floored. What the hell just happened?
[update: actually, feel free to ignore this because I'm still tailoring this down, so don't take what I say here as the Word of God (in this case, me, the god of this fic)]
“You changed your pin,” the boy said, biting on his lip thoughtfully. It’s actually great timing - he’ll figure it out in a matter of minutes.
“I want to know why the necklace isn’t working on John Watson,” Mary demanded, feeling the aggravation return. She glared holes into her wardrobe, the necklace shining again. “It should have, after all I’ve done so far!”
He cupped Sherlock’s cheeks, slowly shifting his hands lower to his neck, clavicles, sides of his ribs, and finally his stomach. And then John tickled Sherlock, his thighs pinning him to the bed as Sherlock’s abdomen flexed, muscles spasming from the suddenness of the attack.
They made it to the pit. John planned to turn around and put it between the two of them, prompting Cage to hopefully take a leap of faith across it. Just to get the satisfaction of doing the ‘
“I like hugs!” Irene said. “But yes, it is no trouble, John. Both Sherlock and I have trust funds that our parents started when we were kids. We can use the money from there. Either of us.”
“I’m aware of that now. I do want the date. I like you, John. I truly do. I don’t want to mess this up. I’m just….”
“Enough to get a picture of what to expect,” Lestrade grinned. That wasn’t a normal reaction when a person was told what Sherlock was capable of. “Just don’t summon dead pirate zombies and I’ll be fine. And no experiments with open flames in the house, mind you, but that’s a no-brainer I think.”
Mike gave him a knowing smile, as though he could read his mind. “Relax, he’s gone for the girls. But, are you? A couple? Dating?”
Blake hummed in response, his mind drifting off. This was a punch in the gut. He had to write to his aunt immediately. At least the wicked Skeeter woman didn’t have her name - fortunately, her last name differed from Blake’s. And the
Shaking his head in amusement, he kicked off his shoes and changed into sweatpants and an old, baggy, burgundy t-shirt. His left hand was covered in minor scratches the cursed creatures bestowed on him, but it wasn’t serious and didn’t need a dressing, although he needed to disinfect it to be one-hundred-percent safe. Who knows what bacteria magical creatures have in their saliva and in their tiny claws? Speaking of which, he should check whether Irene and Sherlock sustained any injuries. Probably not since the three of them managed to walk upstairs, but still. At least he had a reason to linger and inquire.
“I’d welcome that problem over pixies any day,” she waved a hand dismissively. They walked upstairs together.
Sam tossed the hammer in its kit and admired his handiwork. The boards fit square and neat where he and Dean repaired the leaks and additional damage sustained by Nicolas Cage in his third form. The cleanup was delayed by the storm passing and culminating above Reichenbach Falls, but since everyone affected by Sherlock’s potion has returned to their original ages, it wasn’t as hard as expected. At least they stole a few hours of restless sleep. Now they had to hurry and make sure the house was in prime condition (that depends on how you define ‘prime’ in regards to the Mystery Shack that’s being practically eaten and overgrown by nature) before John’s uncle returned from his trip to Florida.
“Your uncle is like a local cryptid, almost,” Sherlock said, whipping his head around when Greg’s protests reached them.
The living room was spacious, sort of clean, with an air of antiquity to it. Two armchairs were seated near the put-out fireplace, one short and black, the other bigger and way more comfortable-looking, small pillows placed in it, one with the British flag imprinted on it. To their left was a couch, and they unanimously decided to sit there together obediently as though they were children who misbehaved.
“Jesus, what happened to you?” he asked, a concerned frown twisting his face. John raised his hand, but stopped midway and let it drop down. Pity, but Sherlock thought it a bit dangerous; he’d lean into any touch right now. He was more exhausted than after that pixie accident. “Seems like you got the worse deal of the package.”
And sure enough, once Sherlock came back from his Mind Palace analysis of his beloved, John was out cold. His fist was entwined in Sherlock’s tee, knuckles grazing the skin of his ribs light as a feather. Sherlock’s hand moved on its volition up and down John’s back at a soothing slow speed.
Sherlock’s reflection in the window smirked. “And yet here you are, ready to defend my honour and bones from angry Hufflepuffs.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock said, feeling pleased. “I’m hoping to become a Consulting Detective once I’m done with my degree.”
Speaking of the museum, Sherlock only spared it a glance these past two days. The whole ground floor area along with the gift shop seemed a little off to him, but he couldn’t put his finger on as to
“Yeah, he kind of lost his passion over the years for some reason. He’s a decent cook, but it’s become something of a running joke with us.”
They talked and talked into the wee hours of the morning, the storm still going strong. At one point during the night, the power went out. The suddenness took Sherlock by surprise, startling him momentarily before John wrapped his arm around him once more, dragging him closer, planting a kiss on his curls. The lavender smell suited Sherlock.
“Who was it?” Mycroft could imagine Sherlock’s expression: wide eyed, attentive, curious. He often held his breath for the duration of their Dad’s speeches, too.
“You don’t know that,” Sally said, glancing at him for a fleeting second before drinking the rest of her martini. “But it’s a nice thought, I’ll give you that.”
Irene jogged around the Shack, but both John and Greg declined. Greg was finishing up a tour, directing the tourists to the gift shop where John patiently waited at the cash register, ready to brush up on his skills as a scammer. He asked her whether she’d seen Sherlock, but unfortunately, it seemed like the genius hid in the shadows. Or he was taking a nap. It took Irene ten whole minutes to locate him in the attic, where he artfully and compactfully slotted himself under his bed, poking at dead spiders in the corner. She gave up on the why, opting instead to just inquire whether he’d like some proper tea.
There were locations in the journal lying open on her pillows that needed to be explored. John will wait, but the task will, unfortunately, not. For now.
“My grandpa did,” Greg said, taking off his shoes in the hall. John noticed he was also carrying his broom. Maybe he could get a shot at Quidditch this year. Granted, he needed to have a broom first, so maybe not after all. “He says hi, by the way.”
Making up his mind, Draco waited until the two finished talking. Then in a flurry of movement, Blake started to shut the books he had opened on the table, hurrying to put them wherever he got them from.
“That’s a bizarre concept,” Sherlock smiled timidly, inching closer again. John hugged him around the waist and pressed them chest to chest. He could fall asleep standing if he were able to cuddle Sherlock like this. Eyelids suddenly became heavy, he leaned into Sherlock’s weight more, and his boyfriend had to muster up some last-minute strength to prevent them from falling over. “That tired?”
“Very,” Sherlock grinned, tipping up his chin and John leaned in for a sweet kiss. A hand sneaked in his hair, palming the back of his skull, eliciting a purr from him. “I did get you out of bed.”
Sherlock looked amused by the sudden onslaught of protection and wriggled closer, though he still kept distance between their bodies. John let his eyes roam over Sherlock’s chest and waist and briefs and then legs. Sherlock was doing pretty much the same, but neither of them said a word, even though the air got progressively hotter.
“Sorry! Sorry,” he said, licking his lips nervously. The room around them was brighter, and the petroleum lamp was extinguished. John was frowning. “Are you feeling better?”
“I will be,” she said in a small thick voice through repressed tears. “God, why me? First I got seduced by three pixies in a trench coat who wanted me to be their mother, not a girlfriend, and now this? I can’t believe this. Just my luck. I wanted to help her!”
Irene stood at the edge of the pier, hand shielding her beatific eyes from the overabundance of sunshine. Her gaze rested on someone’s head. This someone didn’t belong to John’s group of friends, but their hair was even longer than Irene’s by the looks of it. It reflected light like the lake water surrounding the faraway person, untied and floating below the surface freely, like seaweed.
Sherlock sat on wooden tiles, his back pressed against a cold wall - a blessing in these past few hot summer days. Why was it that August brought the most scorching heat waves every year? It will soon be over, at least. And soon, he will see John again.
London was hot and humid as ever. If it were up to Sherlock, he would lock himself in a freezer and reverse-hibernate until the hottest days of summer were over. Everything was sweaty, sticky, his curls went crazy with frizziness in the humid air, and his impossibly human body was slowly succumbing to the temperatures, as did his mind. Unacceptable.
And that had been the end of their small talk. Later that night, John had fallen asleep on Greg’s shoulder in his room. The two had been talking about stars and planets until they had gotten tired. After that, Greg had seemed to take better care of himself, and for the rest of the summer, he had at least napped frequently from what John remembered when the Shack was closed after a busy day.
“Nope, I’m not. C’mon, Meep, off you go,” he shooed the dodo from his lap, scrambling to his feet. “We have a lot to explore. Shall we?”
He swatted at Sam, who elbowed him in retaliation, but Martha’s unhappy cluck made them stop and behave. Her motherly attitude shone through, and they were defenseless against it. Cas was a silent observer, submissive to the nonverbal scolding of the fierce woman at the stove.
Cas watched his every move, gaze unrelenting and posture alert. He looked at John and Sherlock, a silent question in his eyes, but Sam spoke up first. “So… you talked it out?”
Irene gave Sherlock an approving passing look and he nodded back. They both actually liked Mrs. Hudson.
“Irene’s still asleep?” Sherlock’s head snapped up to see Lestrade standing next to him, realising the question was aimed at him. He was wearing his usual suit trousers and white shirt, but without the jacket. Everything was ironed out. A courtesy of Mrs Hudson, surely.
Castiel’s wings brushed the walls as he treaded up the stairs one at a time. The feathers reflected in sunrays whenever exposed to them through the windows, their healthy shine being an unusual sight for him. He got used to it, though. It was a nice perk from… whatever foreign existence had resurrected him. Not that he was thrilled about it.
Sam assured her as well, but added, “Just don’t drag it out. If we ever need to return here, he should know what went down. You’re his sister, he’d be worried and then angry.”
“No, Sherlock,” John frowned, rubbing his eyes. “Do you realise how dangerous that can be? I don’t want us to end up falling head first into some bottomless pit!”
They fell silent. Sherlock processed what John told him. He sensed that, obviously, there was more to say, but for some reason John didn’t continue. Why not? It’s not like Sherlock would mind. He truly wants to get to know John the inside out, whether it’s good or bad. It doesn’t matter.
He and John kissed tender soft pecks and nips until a cough from the doorway interrupted them. They broke apart, breathless, and glared in unison at Lestrade who waved at them innocently, an amused, smug expression accompanying the gesture. This house knew no privacy.
“There’s a bit of truth in every rumour,” Sherlock pressed, frowning. To John it seemed that Rowena was very much like professor McGonagall. Not taking anyone’s nonsense for sure, or at least as strict in her beliefs. “But… the way magical portraits work, you do remember Slytherin, don’t you?”
“Hello, Mrs Hudson,” he said, tightening the hug a little before letting go. The upkeeper patted his cheek tenderly as she sat next to him on the sofa.
The man knelt before her on the floor, brows furrowed as he scanned his options. He was drawn to the six colours of the rainbow, namely tones that were brighter than the rest and nicely distinguished, but he ruled them out as too saturated. Irene let him mull over it, pushing a small mountain of purple nail polishes towards Sherlock and a bunch of glittery yellowish colours to John, but Redbeard beat him to it.
Filtering out the sounds of splashing water and giggles, Sam opened the door on the driver’s side and collapsed into the seat. He reached into the storage compartment and took out their father’s journal. It was much smaller and compact than Sherlock’s -- that was more of a tome, to be honest -- but it had provided them with invaluable information throughout their years of hunting all the same. He flipped through it, looking for any clues regarding mermaids -- and he got nothing. No lore. That was anticlimactic.
Irene smiled sweetly, and took the offered hand in hers. It was at that moment Sherlock noticed her holding a spray can of air freshener Mrs Hudson gave them on their way to her rescue. She must’ve grabbed it when they rolled out of the golf cart.
Sherlock’s mind was emptying from the constant buzz and noise that seemed to be ever-so-present when he was awake. His breathing was starting to even out, and his conscious drifted into light sleep, deepening with every peaceful second.
"What if we get hurt?" said John, trying to keep up with Sherlock's long steps. He was almost running.
Sherlock is elated, but he is restless. He goes out to the mall, where a badass called Anthea provides boxing training. He may join a competition eventually, too, who knows? In the meantime, Irene helps Mrs Hudson get a date. It’s matchmaking time! On the other hand, Sherlock is a little insecure whether John really is interested in him enough to go on a date with him, because… no one ever did, why should this be any different?
Sam and John broke through the skeleton offensive with ease, their shovels making it a quick job to scatter wet bones across the whole beach. Sherlock only now realised he didn’t have any tool to defend himself with, safe for Dean and the scythe. He didn’t want to risk losing the journal or damaging it in case he fell into the lake; he thought it better to leave it with John.
He settled comfortably in the passenger seat, legs splayed wide as there was more space with no one else to share it. He rested his brow on the window, eyes flickering to John’s -- Lestrade’s -- car, he and Irene already talking. A jolt of panic resonated through him at the possibility of Irene elaborating on Sherlock’s early years in middle school and highschool, but she wouldn’t take that into her own hands. It was a matter concerning Sherlock, and though he wouldn’t mind it much, he’d rather prefer it to stay in the past, locked away and forgotten. John would be troubled by the revelations, and Sherlock would rather he be spared the empathy, if only to save John from feeling bad about the past he cannot change.
They came to the library and got into work immediately. John still couldn't comprehend how Sherlock didn't like Christmas, but to each their own he guessed.
He gasped, finding himself kneeling surrounded by a circle made of bright blue fire. He stood up, legs shaking, and chanced a look around, but he was surrounded by the same pitch black darkness as in the bottomless pit. A realisation that Dean and Irene weren’t near him alarmed him, but the voice cackled.
That got him thinking about John and his family again. He shot a quick glance at Lestrade behind the steering wheel who hummed to a song from David Bowie’s album
“Will you wait with me near the water?” she proposed, gliding around them, floating down to the lake. Sherlock glared at the others to ensure they weren’t stupid enough to do so. Gloria was unintentionally tricking them, testing them. That apparently came hand-in-hand with becoming an angry ghost. “James will signal me with a lantern.”
“You two alright?” he looked them over, somewhat concerned, but he was used to them by now. “What’s gotten into you?”
He stopped in front of the entrance to the Slytherin Common Room. He muttered the password to a stonewall, thus uncovering a passage inside. He braced himself for the unexpected.
Thankfully, he had the feisty girl at his side to explain things to him. Irene was greatly helpful and ready to give him tips and tricks on human communication. He might be growing attached to her, just a bit. Even his grace attuned to it, spreading in his wings evenly between the two of his humans to ensure they’d be safe.
. Redbeard ran up to him, sniffing the goodies, so Dean picked him up to show him what they had bought. Dogs shouldn’t eat sweets, but a tiny bit of crust never hurt anyone, right? Only when Cas cleared his throat to get his attention did Dean notice how silent the house was.
He gulped down half of the bottle in seconds. He hadn’t realised how thirsty he was. The air was heavy, suffocating, not because the ventilation broke down, but rather from the anxiety building up. The M Club irritated him greatly to near apoplexy, and the fact that he hadn’t figured out what to do about the curse that plagued him every day didn’t add much positivity. It didn’t cause anything overly hurtful -- well, debatable if it ever comes to breaking it and the fallout of what it had done -- but it drove him nuts. What could cause a block so seamless and subtle you yourself started questioning your own sanity? He had a nagging thought that the M Club could have had their fingers in the scheme, but they’re a bunch of morons playing big boys who are in reality incapable of proper brainwork. Idiots. Or rather, idjits, that fits them more.
John and Sherlock still managed to sneak out into the castle in the middle of the night, though. Sherlock liked the prospect of discovering new secret rooms above the level of dungeons (they became rather dull after visiting them few times a week) and John liked to tag along with his genius friend in case he got in trouble.
’ accompanied by yet another roll of his marine blue eyes, but refrained from attempting to speak further. Sherlock lifted his hand, wiping the precipitation that formed there from John’s breath on his trousers. He moved to step under an arch leading deeper into the cold corridor, John next to him.
human, Sherlock. As much as you deny it to the idiot classmates in Toronto and ex-classmates in London, you experience the same turmoils like the rest of us mortals. You know it, I know it, and John knows it too.”
“Yeah, me too,” Greg kicked him under the table, munching on the cereals. “Damn, we should do this every summer. This was the best one in my life so far.”
"We thought you could ask a House Elf whose robe is torn," John said. "And by that we can locate the thief."
things. He could do without the embarrassment now, though, and he promptly looked at his feet and shifted his stance and by proxy his jeans too.
Hello peeps! I'm writing this while I'm half-paying attention to my russian seminar where we're checking homework, I'm an impatient git. But we're starting a new episode, there's no wonder I'm impatient to post it!
“Absolutely not, Sherlock,” John said, putting the empty cold glass down on the coffee table. As he leaned back, he threw his left hand over the back of the sofa and Sherlock’s head, settling comfortably around his shoulders. If he leant back, he could rest the back of his neck on John’s soft bicep… “Nothing against swamps or the adventure, but I’m not risking meeting Shrek in real life.”
“Well, don’t keep us hanging,” Dean said, cutting into another summoned water tentacle that wiggled to them. Once the enchanted scythe and water made contact, the liquid evaporated. “Damn, I’m keeping this.”
Right now, John crept underneath the shadows of small trees thinned out by drought and unpredictable weather patterns. They didn’t offer the protection he was used to, and being near the open space full of yellow grass and scrub made him uneasy. He preferred the deeper parts of the wide-spanning forests, those that had steeper hills and where the animals grew bigger as the earth level decreased to the negative numbers. There, the air was cold and chill, the sounds quieter and much like forbidden whispers, and his skin didn’t actually want to rip itself off him.
Dean drove quietly, listening to Cas and his reasoning. When he was revived from Hell, given a second chance, he didn’t trust Cas immediately, even though he latched onto a piece of hope from the moment they confronted one another in the old barn. But over time, their friendship developed fully and now Dean can put his trust into the angel without a doubt too, similarly to how Cas has it with John and, apparently, him. How the hell is he supposed to reply to this?
“Cas, not to be a prude,” Irene said, adjusting her towel around her boobs, “but you scared the living hell out of me.”
He rubbed a hand over his face, massaging his jaw which hurt from the charade of near-constant smiling, talking, and fake conman cheer. God, how he hated this sometimes. But needs must, and it makes the dough, so what? He managed to do this for fifteen years, it’s no bother at this point. Some days, however, the onslaught of people desperate for entertainment became too much, and he craved nothing but to barricade himself in the basement and work on more important matters. Like the portal, and the transmission that could allow him to communicate with his spouse clearly for once. If at all.
but here's an offering to the deities to grant me a peace of mind and some luck -- more angel shenanigans!
Irene shot him a look. “You think I don’t wake up when you leave in the middle of the night? Plus, you open the window not to let the odour linger, and the windows are creaky.”
“It was hot,” the puppet of Will Smith interrupted, but he shut up immediately, cowering as if expecting a hit.
It turned out that hunting a master escape artist of a racoon was a tough job. Irene discovered that she had a newfound respect for exterminators, though she doubted she was any more merciful than the professionals.
“Oh yeah, John mentioned something similar. Not a bad idea,” Greg acknowledged, smirking. “If you’d like, you can come with me and help me out after breakfast. Got a creative block right now, it’s hard to invent new attractions on the spot. I could use a second opinion. I’d share the profit from it, of course.”
“We can't do magic outside of Hogwarts, Mrs. Watson,” Greg explained, taking the cup with pink soda and sipping it with a crease between his eyebrows, not wanting to insult his host. John watched him with anticipation at how he would react to a muggle drink. “OH MY GOD. WHAT IS THIS?”
Her daughter climbed onto something furry, big, and exceptionally ugly, even beyond what human comprehension would call ‘bearable to look at’. It had parts of a bear, a goat, a horse, and a pair of mouldy antelope antlers. Plus, all four of the creature’s legs were wearing pink and green slippers, hideous as they were. The true crime here was the disastrous fashion choice. Its face showed a grimace, baring its prosthetic teeth that were glued to the otherwise empty and organically toothless snout.
“It is, I won’t lie about that,” John said, giving Sherlock a lopsided smile, thumbs brushing his cheekbones in soothing circular motions. “And… okay, I admit I’d be angry, but not with you.” Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Shut up and let me finish! No, I would not be angry with
"Oh. Hey, it surely isn't that bad. My sister and I also fight sometimes, but it's alright, that's what sibling do - annoy each other."
Shut up. John rolled his eyes, while Greg looked from one to the other, not having a clue what he'd just witnessed.
Blake nodded and let silence descend upon them for a short while. He reached out for a cup of tea that Dumbledore summoned using magic, something his Aunt did too. Even after she moved to America to raise him, her British mannerism didn’t falter behind. He prefered American tea over this weird milky mess of a British liquid. It didn’t taste bad, but who would have thought of combining tea with milk? He took a sip, secretly surprised that this tasted almost the same as his Aunt’s.
“Don’t be smart with me, you Ravenclaw,” John yawned, stretching out, his joints popping. “What about the Chamber? I thought it’s a legend?”
There is the sound of metal hitting concrete and we hear Dean curse [bleep it out, editor] and his steps hurry back to the house. Cas slides lower on the couch as if to hide. Maybe he thinks Dean turned into a T-Rex and if he doesn’t move, he won’t see him cowering under useless newsprint. Dean, unfortunately, is still a Winchester and a pain in the ass, so he just storms in, fuming, gripping the doorframe and stares at the bundle on the couch.
“And how about you, Mary? Seb and you still together?” John blurted out, not quite tasting the bitterness in his tone. Mary didn’t even flinch, but she shot him a calculating look.
“You think you can stop us? You have no idea what wrath you are provoking, purple boy. The pixies are more powerful than you could ever wish for! Do not meddle with our-”
Mary had noticed him then, too, smiling impishly. John managed to keep his cool throughout her speech about how the two of them should try to have an open relationship, meet new people, but return to be together later. Which, thinking back to it, was the simple most awkward and stupid thing anyone has ever said to him. To even
Greg stopped to look up at him, spoon with cereal halting mid-way to his hungry mouth. “Huh? Oh. OH! Yeah, I do! Not much, but yeah.”
“We fought a swarm of pixies with a shovel and air-freshener,” John said proudly. “I doubt a ghost can be any more challenging.”
Irene seemed happy enough after their short-lived adventure. John didn’t intend to rain on her parade, but as a medical student, enlarging of limbs and the human body as a whole sounded like a bad idea. Sure, magic or whatever may make it easy peasy, lemon squeezy, but it made John stressy, depressy, lemon zesty at the thought of something awful rupturing inside Irene. Tendons, ligaments, tissues… he had a mental list of what could go wrong.
so get this, yesterday I was making myself coffee in the coffee machine that uses capsules (latte) so I put the milk one there and turned it on.... and realised i didn't put my cup under it!! the whole counter was covered in hot milk (thankfuly not dripping yet), but like, it was my last dose of latte and i had no desire to let it go to waste, so like the big (small) brain woman that I am, i pur in the coffee capsule in and let it drip on top of the milk while I strategically scooped the liquid into a cup... i could've just scooped the milk and then add the coffee. call me a dumbass but hey, pre-mixed, airiated coffee ain't half bad, but I'm lying to myself.
“Nothing is moving anywhere, Irene,” he said, irritated. She flipped another page and angled it to her lamp’s light to get a better look at the pages.
“Water is fine, thank you,” he said, fingers combing through his hair. “How long have you been living here? Both of you?”
“What have you done this time?” Greg asked, concern furrowing his brows as he watched the man step out on the balcony. He started climbing the drain pipes to get down!
"New Minister of Magic Elected" , "New Decrees Accepted by the Wizengamot", "Regulations Regarding Muggles To Be Decided" and so on. He snorted when he saw a picture of this supposed new 'Minister' - he didn’t kid anyone, he was just a puppet and either under the Imperius curse or he was really just a bigoted idiot.
It wasn’t until the sudden feeling of having trouble to breath, the feeling of being trapped waking him up. Someone put a hand over his mouth, stifling his surprised and horrified screams. He jerked upward, the hand not moving but allowing him to sit up, chest heaving. He grabbed the offensive limb and pulled, mouthing a sleepy, if irritated ‘
“Spare me the pain,” Sherlock rolled his eyes, and Irene threw a pillow at him indignantly. “Let it go, Irene. I’m not suited for romance, even less if it should be a mere summer fling. I wouldn’t be able to do that.”
“So, did it hurt?” Kate asked, Irene groaning at the age-old pick-up line-cum-interrogation question.
“Hi, I’m Irene!” she introduced herself, getting a sweet ‘Hi! Nice dress!’ from both brothers before Dean turned to Cas again, glaring.
Eddie nudged her to follow him off the pier where Billy and Mike were debating a random video game. “Pixies, huh? Just when I thought ghouls were the most surprising thing in the world you one up it.”
A pixie with blue skin wandered into a spiderweb that hung in a distant corner on the porch, begging for help, her arms, legs, and wings stuck to the silky webs. The last pixie present was the leader.
"Did he? But he's like, the smartest person in the room," Carl said, confused. "I thought he never needed help with anything."
,” Greg said defensively. “You’d shit yourself too if you met the guy I had when I was ten. Eugh. Stupid tooth-fairies. Yeah, I’d much rather get punched by Florida Man again before sitting in that death chair.”
"I'm aware," Cedric patted him on the back, rather forcefully and Blake choked on his saliva upon the sudden assault. "Let's go to the library? Maybe we can get some schoolwork done."
John carefully extracted the document that was taped to the yellowish page with a washi tape. Unfolding it revealed a drawing of a rectangle that interrupted what seemed like a map of sorts. There were alchemical symbols scattered across it, too, but John knew that because Sherlock told him so.
As she got up, she walked on the small stage, body flouncing freely as the instrumental solo allowed her to catch a breath. She squinted past the gathered guests to where John and Sherlock were sitting. John waved at her. As a reply, she put her hands up and wiggled like a very ecstatic worm (would that be a description Dave Strider would go for?), faintly registering how Sherlock got up and left after whispering something to John.
“Luna Lovegood,” the girl said, nodding curtly. She stopped in front of a vacated classroom. Turning to Blake, she rocked on the balls of her feet. “I like that we have a Slytherin champion. And a Gryffindor one. Though I’m sorry for Harry. People give him a hard time when he didn’t do it.”
“Have I shown you the Colour Wheel?” Sherlock said, plopping down next to John on his bed. The mattress dipped under his weight and he bounced up and down as he settled, his shoulder brushing against John’s. He pried the leather-bound book open and half-shoved it in John’s face.
“This is the second time someone referenced that movie,” Sherlock rubbed his eyes. Why did people connect scary concepts with the most recent adaptations and not the more classical stories?
“There’s a good girl,” he whispered as the mother finally came close enough to him. He lowered his hand in tune with the movement of her lean head and put the fries on the ground. He registered her body stiffen, her breathing changed, and it was a matter of seconds until a growl came out of her throat. Better eliminate that entirely. “Have at thee. There’s more in the bag.”
“You’re the one to speak,” Sherlock observed her head to toes, then taking the last two steps in a long stride, although with difficulty. His inhales sounded wheezy. “Wait for John, it’s his turn to be storytelling.”
“Sounds good to me,” John said, turning around to go grab a bite of something in the kitchen. He halted before descending, going to knock on the bathroom door. “Irene? Do you have any scratches or injuries that need patching up?”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, glancing aside. “Debatable.” He cleared his throat, his Adam’s apple bobbing up and down. The volleyball match progressed into rabid territory where Eddie assaulted the ball with immeasurable force, screaming ‘YEET’ aggressively each time he sent it across their imaginary net. “Serene, well. Maybe if we drown.”
“Could be voodoo,” Cas chimed in. “But all John told me is that the spirit originated in Los Angeles. There are a few other possible invocations as to how the spirit might have been created, but without knowing the caster, we won’t know.”
“Everything alright?” Lestrade asked, passing by to open the cash register. He regarded it with an intrigued look before closing it again, brows raised at Kate but without comment. “By the way, my nephew John is coming today, he’ll be here the whole summer just like you two. He had been held up by his last exams, that’s why you haven’t met him yesterday. Just a heads up.”
Greg vehemently shook his head. “No, not yet. You know angels and their family tree. They’re fucking bonkers. I don’t want a family feud to break out in the Falls in the middle of another crisis. Please don’t drag him into this yet.”
“Kate’s right, you’re a tiny guy compared to Sherlock,” Irene nodded, poking John in the shoulder. He put on a poker face, staring into the abyss as both girls picked on him.
In the middle of the cave were two dead bodies, or rather what was left of them, arranged in weird shapes, indicating that both people died during a struggle of sorts. Sherlock knelt down and examined the scene; the skeletons were still clothed in shirts and trousers, but their shoes were missing.
“Well, the Ministry survived this long, a wizard who calls himself ‘Lord’ is just another obstacle,” John joked, checking his blue plastic watch on his right wrist. “Oh no, I’ll be late for Transfiguration! See you later!”
, agree to, hm, date him? All in a theoretical and hypothetical sense of speaking, naturally. Jesus, now he was babbling to himself. His heart raced at the prospect of becoming something
Lestrade smiled, the two walking out into the summer afternoon air. After three days of raining, the heat picked up its pace almost immediately, though thankfully the oppressive warmth wasn’t back yet. Sherlock could use a cold shower.
"How in the bloody hell do you know that? Jim hasn't told anyone besides me!" Carl frowned. He turned to Jim, whose back touched the cold wall behind, his scared, innocent eyes fixed on Sherlock.
John and Irene lost it completely, shortly followed by Kate bellowing nearby the makeshift buffet in the corner. Sherlock was the only one who, through sheer force of self-preservation, remained composed. But it was a close call and he compensated for it by raising his eyebrows sky high until they almost reached his hairline.
At last, Greg spotted a parking lot. Unfortunately, it was closed and the gate locked, even though Irene could have sworn that Greg contemplated ramming into it out of pure spite. In the end, the angry French Canadian parked on the sidewalk, one set of wheels buried in mud.
” Lestrade bellowed in disbelief. Sherlock buried his face in his hands, laughing. Luck wasn’t on the scammer’s side today. “These spawns of Satan just massacred my car, myself included! I look like I’ve been stabbed!”
“Oh?” John said, wiping sauce from his lips with a napkin. Mary watched him intently, fingers playing with her pearl necklace. He stifled another shiver running down his spine. Was he always this squeamish and restless around her? “Because if my memory serves right, that Christmas I saw you, you were practically draped over his neck.”
“Irene went to fetch cucumbers from the garden,” Mrs Hudson said, putting down her teacup. “We’ll have face masks.”
Annoying. He hoped they didn’t need to buy that much themselves, otherwise he’ll leave half of it at the doorstep of the mall. They could exploit Mycroft’s minions for this, but
Personally, I have nothing against it (yet) because I haven't eaten it though the idea is.... odd. I may give it a try. For the time being, we have John who hates it, Sherlock who is 50/50, and Greg who loves it. Perfectly balanced, as all things should be~ Do you like pineapple on your pizza?
“There’s a technique for - you know what, never mind. At least Snape didn’t sack me for it unlike he did that Hufflepuff Cykers.”
John answered by pursing his lips together, a tug at the corner of his mouth a sign of his knowing why Sherlock remained so composed. Apparently he also found Wilkes inane and birdbrained. John put his palms on top of the other, bending his knees slightly for Sherlock to use as leverage. Sherlock shook his head, telling him to go first.
Just as he closed the fridge door with a kick of his foot, sipping cold milk from the bowl he held with one hand, a rough voice said, “Morning.”
“Good, now that I slept some more,” Dean replied, crouching to pick the puppy up. “What’s your name, buddy?”
“Sherlock has a purple aura, it’s quite strong already so I guess his aspect bonded when he and his sister arrived here,” Mirage said. “She had a faintly red aura which meant that she was aligning, but I haven’t seen her since so it is hard to say whether she is bonded or not. John Watson has a yellow aura. Quite blinding if you ask me, it’s the heavenly aspect from what I learned.”
“Alright.” Something about that statement was so profoundly innocent that Irene almost aw’d from how adorable it sounded.
Sherlock listed them, tapping the butt end of the pen on his chin. “That would mean they’re the highest rank, doesn’t it?”
“Mary,” she countered, letting the door fall closed. The other girl had her hands comfortably tucked in her coat pockets, one leg thrown over the other. “You said you wanted to have a girl talk, so I am here.”
“I thought that was obvious?” John elbowed him amiably, resting his hand on his shoulder, sending a wave of warmth throughout Sherlock’s body. “Hey, you know Greg was joking, right? You’re his friend, too.”
John and Sherlock clapped along, the former whistling as Irene walked on the podium, booing when Janine took the place next to her.
“Well, the dude points back at the gate,” Irene said, shrugging. “Maybe the knowledge is so forbidden we’re banned from learning it?”
“You can’t be sure of that,” John argued, rubbing his neck as a crease formed between his eyebrows. “Sam and Dean encountered a lot of bullshit on the roads, as they put it, and it wasn’t pretty. Just because something seems harmless and not bad doesn’t mean it isn’t dangerous.”
“Doctors make the worst patients,” Greg argued, smiling knowingly. “Well, I’ll leave you to it. I’m happy for you both.”
“Plus this dude Alex Hirsch who talked to beavers that have an ongoing war with the squirrel mafia. And there’s this junkie deer….”
I'm also going to stop linking my and Bee's tumblrs in here, I realised I can just throw it in the note that displays after every new chapter (and that long-ass note needs a review from em anyway, which I'll be doing right after I post) :D I'm slow on this, but hey! I'm making progress~
Or woman. Or our non-binary pals. As I said, I’m an independent creature of chaotic evil. My original creator was high on pot brownies when he sold me, I doubt he remembers me. I’m from LA, Greg bought me two decades ago. I aim for revenge because these
Sherlock’s head snapped up to see Irene stare at him amusedly, if with a hint of irritation behind that smile of hers. He decided to feign ignorance. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“No… please,” she rolled her eyes at her own weakness to plead. “I’ll keep it. I only anticipated something more…”
“Need to buy a new TV,” Greg grumbled, grimacing at the memory of his outburst watching the Justinkopnik drama. “Fortunately, I had the last one insured. So I don’t have to raid my savings just yet.”
“Guys, let’s see what Freddie has to say, alright?” Mike said loudly over their arguments. They fell quiet and looked at the ghoul. Freddie stood frozen to the spot, looking from left to right at each of them.
Cas’s nose wrinkled. Why wouldn’t he be alright? They saw one another on the call yesterday, Dean knew he was adequately okay. Guess told him that this was probably common, worrying. He didn’t want Dean to cause distress or worry. And then, more words.
Her eyes narrowed on the racoon who was sitting opposite of her, one paw raised halfway as if it hesitated to take another step, head tilted in curious contemplation. Its nose twitched again, and Irene cursed internally. Dammit and its cuteness!
“If you’re going to give me The Talk, Lestrade...” Sherlock started, but was silenced by Greg’s shake of his head.
"Uhm, I noticed you don't have anyone to talk to, is everything alright?" he asked sheepishly. He wasn't sure how to approach this.
Sherlock resumed reading a page about bookworms: vicious shapeshifters that infected people by biting them, and then transforming their surroundings into the nearest book, or a story the person physically read prior to the encounter. Nothing so far was viable, not by John’s standards. And truth be told, he’d rather not have Lestrade come back from a holiday that was meant to let him relax only to get a heart attack when he gets home.
John greeted Carl and Jim, who looked less sulky than in the morning, and he caught glance of Sherlock, the Ravenclaw boy. He was standing alone at a distance from others, hands in pockets, chin held up high, waiting. He was taller than everyone in the year, maybe with the exception of a scrunchy looking Slytherin boy whose eyebrows were as unruly as his attitude towards Gryffindors.
“Mama’s birthday is in December,” Lestrade said, resting his cheek on one of the cell bars. There were dark circles under his eyes that became more prominent in the sharp lights of the station. How much did he usually sleep? “Twenty-fourth, right?”
“Breakfast?” he asked Sherlock, who shrugged. John grabbed his hand, intertwining their fingers and leading them to the kitchen.
“Redbeard loves you,” Sherlock said smugly, the puppy a writhing ball of excitement and waggy tail and he licked the last traces of peanut butter from John’s chin.
John darted back with Sherlock the moment he heard Mrs. Norris meow. For some reason, his intuition told him that the cat just knew.
Greg pinched the bridge of his nose, ignoring the dropping jaws of mothers leaving the gift shop. Oh, Kate. How her honesty never failed to amaze him. He pushed through the door inside and went to check the register. They made plenty of cash today, despite the fiasco of not opening the doll museum again. On the other hand, it’s not like he even remotely regretted that. Quite the opposite.
“Take my hand,” Irene said, and Kate obliged. They backed up a couple tiny steps, and then made a run for it before either woman in the front noticed them. They huffed as they pushed off of their tiptoes, their free hands splayed out to catch onto the fabric.
"If you don't want to start the year with negative points I'd advise you let go of this silly trifle, Blake. You too, Anne."
Sherlock’s pupils were wide, pulse fast, lips slightly parted as their eyes met. Mutual understanding seemed to have crossed them both, and John’s left hand slowly ran up Sherlock’s arm and neck, cupping his cheek. At first, he didn’t react, eyes darting back and forth between John’s, as though his brain was experiencing an error. Cringing at his impatience, John withdrew his hand, apologising.
Then it dawned on Sherlock that their transport home was taken in custody. Actually, John had a driver’s license…. Hm, no, he wouldn’t leave without his uncle. Sherlock got out of the car, but realised he couldn’t lock it. Ah, well. It wasn’t his to worry about it. He looked around the square, but John and Irene were nowhere to be seen. Perhaps Irene was more upset than both of them had initially thought. He’d go find them, but then God knows what may happen to Lestrade… One problem at a time, he told himself.
“This stuff? It’s amazing! How can you not like it?” Greg mouthed, spitting out wet crumbs. John backed away a bit towards Sherlock.
Each season will be clearly marked where it starts so that it will be visible in the chapter index for easier navigation later on. Also, there will be loads more content with Sam and Dean that you’d think there would be… And other things I haven’t tagged yet to keep anyone reading as I post on their toes! Moreover, those who are primarily in the Sherlock fandom don't have to worry if they don't know either SPN or DW, I will write it in such a way that you get to know these as though from a beginning, so as not to make it overwhelming. And those who don't know Sherlock, well, you'll get to know them from the beginning of the fic :) Writing SuperWhoLock is a challenge which I want to do properly, so let's take it one step at a time.
John was gentle in his approach, and Sherlock’s stomach fluttered at the memory. He never allowed people to get this close, but with John? He made an exception. Surprisingly, John then pulled him into a brief hug and even ruffled his curls. Affectionately, dare he say. Or maybe that was a mere figment of his imagination his internal desires put forward. After all, the bruise did hurt a lot. Then Sherlock got to his deduction mode, but the astounding thing was that John didn’t shun him for it, even though what Sherlock blurted out wasn’t exactly nice, he assumed. Not when it came to the family stuff. But despite that, John said it was
“Supposedly,” Sherlock corrected, taking out his notebook. John’s tired eyes didn’t make the effort to decipher his scribble of a handwriting. From distance it looked like diagonal tornadoes plunging fields. “But all legends are based on a bit of truth.”
He rolled his eyes, but explained. "It's on his luggage, plus it's worn out, probably passed down from an older relative of his. That doesn't mean his family isn't well off, just that they maybe didn't have as much time to get everything brand new. And the name tag, of course. It hasn't changed at all, and no one tried to scribble his first name out, therefore my conclusion."
Sherlock and John exchanged glances, not meeting Lestrade’s. “We’ll try,” John said unconvincingly. Lestrade flicked him in the ear.
Greg rolled his eyes at the name and insult, and John chuckled. Could it be that the great Sherlock Holmes was behind in something? He obeyed and waited for Sherlock to mark the spot, then they switched position and John did the same. He was sure his grin would stay on for the reminder of the day.
The racoon tardily waddled up to Lestrade’s hand. He bared his upper lip, showcasing his tiny yet pointy yellowish teeth, cautiously nipping the salami from Greg’s fingers. Greg withdrew his hand and placed another piece of deli meat on it, carefully offering it to the racoon once it was done eating the first bit.
“It sounds like the old joke my mom used to tell Irene and I when it snowed in London and there were millimeters of it dusting the road. We begged not to be taken to school and she’d say ‘
wonder about the what-if, if Freddie hadn’t interrupted back then. Curse that musically talented ghoul. Would they have kissed? Unlikely, maybe it’d make this thing between them more awkward. This wasn’t a rom-com. But he was silently pleased that the deductions he used on Sherlock truly turned out to be true in this case. Dilated pupils, elevated heart rate (he took it both times that Sherlock grabbed his hand), and then the quick peck on the temple.
The trio of John, Sherlock, and Irene retreated to the attic, the siblings recounting their run-in with the time travellers to John. He listened intently, cry-laughing when he realised that he wasn’t crazy, but the time was indeed rewound on multiple occasions due to Irene’s desire to matchmake other poor unfortunate souls. Needless to say, that plan didn’t work out.
Cas ran a hand through his hair and blew out a breath. “It’s nothing spectacular. I figured it would take from the stress since we had no prior experience with bottomless pits. Anyway, near the end of the ride I suddenly got a headache.”
“I’ll be there,” Sherlock said matter-of-factly, not turning once to look at them. John stood there, biting the inside of his cheek. Was Sherlock avoiding him? Did he put him off by his earlier inquiries? God, small talk should be illegal. It fucks things up.
do better than that. He’s no amateur when it comes to spells, obviously, but starting off with dragons is a bit too ambitious even for him.
Oh, happy didn’t even begin to cover it. Delighted, yes. Elated, that too. But mostly ecstatic, though he couldn’t explain that to him as to why exactly. Things were a lot more complicated than he’d like to admit. But this -- this was a step in the good direction, and without his intervention needed. Christ almighty, how glad he was. Maybe this would help solve his problem until summer reached its end….
The inner section that connected the colours had symbols in it too. Purple-red had a koi fish, red-orange had a pair of symmetrical eyes, orange-yellow had a sunflower (Sherlock assumed), yellow-green had shared a broken heart, green-blue shared crystals, and blue-purple had a constellation as a symbol. Sherlock never paid too much attention to the stars and astronomy as a whole, but that may change now.
you’re the innocent party in this,” Blake shrugged, feeling a little disdainful. He’d overheard a number of students gossip about Harry and his ‘show-off syndrome’ or whatever they’d called it. Even the newspaper let that wretched woman of a journalist publish that ridiculous article which she so awfully centered around Harry and Blake, making them into rivals, a dumbass, and a crybaby. How could anyone take it seriously? Even Blake’s owl Belgravia could write more believable prints. “Honestly. Listen…. If you need to talk, feel free to creep on me in the library.”
“How did that happen?” John gasped as the impostor pushed into him when his grip loosened. He fell on his back, the other Sherlock darting for the rock. Fortunately, John was quicker and tripped him, causing him to splay on the floor, limbs akimbo.
“Seaweed too?” Sherlock gave John a look. “Got it. Anything that’s edible in the sea. Well, that’s not exactly available here. We’re not next to the Southern Ocean, though there are rivers here. I did try to catch fish in the river that’s nearby, but I’m not a fisherman.”
Looking around, the top shelves above the cash register got Sam’s intrigue. There was a round aquarium with a small goldfish, a fake treasure chest, a globe that looked like it had seen better days, and shriveled heads. “Where did you get these?”
“About what?” Dean chirped, placing a blanket around her shoulders. She snuggled into it, her nose buried under the rim of it.
“Irene!” he said, voice scolding, an embarrassed flush crawling up his neck. Then he let out a weary sigh. “I can never expect those innuendos of yours.”
“So? I like it. I could stuff myself full and want more. We used to decorate them with icing sugar before the holidays when we were kids, Irene and I. And also Mycroft, before he got lost,” he added wistfully. Truly, the memories of Christmas when Mycroft was around were some of his happiest.
During his small speech, Irene backed him up (not really, he just made it that dramatic) and the man opened the doors on the portable toilet behind him and he stepped in, enclosing himself in there. Death by toi tois was a cruel way to exit this world. The audible sigh told Irene that he regretted all his life choices instantly, and yet he didn’t come out.
“I’ll pass and tag next time as long as it doesn’t include smelly fish,” Irene muttered, her eyes falling on a stray racoon that waddled over to Lestrade’s car, sniffing at the tires curiously. Greg was apparently an animal lover, because the moment he spotted the little cretin he crouched and greeted him in a silly voice Irene knew Sherlock used with dogs when he thought no one was nearby. Only Greg had no shame.
“Well, I’m glad you two lovebirds are together, but we’ve got to figure out what to do with you,” Dean said, turning to Sherlock for a solution, eyebrows raised.
“I’m aware,” Sherlock said, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. “So, what was Lestrade talking about? Where are we going today?”
Without making much noise, he took out a bowl and poured himself some cereals with milk. He had nothing against stale pizza, but his taste buds needed cleansing.
For the lack of a better word, small human children were a creation full of wonder and also a source of infinite exhaustion to those around them. Cas observed how Irene kept his friends busy and heaving for breath when her sugar rush spiked for the fifth time in an hour. According to Sherlock’s schedule he was supposed to mind her overnight, which he did. Irene had dozed off shortly after midnight in his bed that he didn’t use since his newly restored grace allowed him to function without sleep. All was well and her ‘junkie stage’ as John had called it seemed to be over. That was until she’d found a secret stash of candy bars. It would be fine if she hadn’t attempted feeding the dogs chocolate (inadvisable and harmful) and if she hadn’t drunk three sweet soda drinks from the fridge. Both of these things were happening simultaneously from what he was told by Sam who was supposed to be minding her then, but she was
“Wait, we’d like to talk to you more!” she said, running up to Alex. “How did you get to the past? And how did you know the chocolate would preserve you? Where’s your friend, the girl? Is she conserved in a Kinder chocolate prison too? And why are you going to LA?”
He put on a grey tank top to go with his blue swimming shorts and pulled out a baseball cap for Sherlock to wear. He got sunburnt quickly, so a layer of extra protection for those sculpted cheeks was in order. Thinking of sunburn, he went to the bathroom to fetch sunscreen. He’ll put it on Sherlock before they leave. It might be three in the afternoon, but the sun had hours to go before its heat started waning. John will pack it in his backpack; he can’t forget water for the dogs and towels.
“Such a nice name, isn’t it?” Irene grinned. “We should get going now, Normandy wanted to show me this dark secluded spot deeper in the forest, but we will tag along in the yard for a bit first. I’ll be back at eight!”
“Let’s say…. Hm. It’s not a pressing manner. We don’t need to buy out the lot this instant, but let’s see who we’re dealing with. The rest is up for deciding yet. Oh, but if one of you four manages to solve this tiny obstacle now, ranking up is immediate. Moran will redirect you from here. Good night, Miss Morstan.”
Cas gave him a nod, waving goodbye to Grace, then turning to the staircase as he awaited Dean’s descent. John entwined his and Sherlock’s arms together, leading them to Greg’s spacious car where Irene and Sam already sat in the back discussing hunter fashion. She was not happy with what she was hearing.
“John! Are you coming? Dirt on Janine is waiting for us!” Irene called after him from top of a small hill.
And now, for the eight time that Mrs Hudson sniffed a purple orchid that reminded John of Sherlock and his irresistible eggplant coloured shirt, he sighed. Angrily. If one can do that. The upkeeper took no notice, instead complimenting whoever bred that fine flower to heaven and back. John’s left nostril twitched. Greg disappeared in the home depot building’s insides to get Mrs Hudson a new set of screwdrivers. John hovered near their trolley, his legs getting ants and itches from how slow things were moving, but he didn’t want to be rude. Not to Mrs Hudson. He would never. And so, he bit his tongue, crossed his arms, and emptied his mind and pined after Sherlock.
Irene looked up, her expression unreadable. “You don’t have to. My gut says we’re fine. You should relax too. You’re not on duty or anything.”
"Of course, we wouldn’t want you to be late to your illegal selling of two dragon eggs you keep minimised in the one pocket of your left side of the jacket," Sherlock purred, getting up from his chair. Fletcher seemed alarmed, gaping at the detective, but now words came out to defend himself. "No worries, it is not my ground to apprehend you. Thank you for stopping by."
“Saving us from Cage,” Sherlock said quietly as Irene told Mrs Hudson about Homestuck and a character named Rose. “And therefore me. If you hadn’t acted fast enough, he would have gotten me sliced up into pieces.”
“You’re both dumb if you think you need to enter a stupid boxing match to prove you’re a man,” Sherlock said, heads turning. These were just two idiots of a whole who’d get into a pointless brawl. Non-threatening. Mrs Hudson mumbled something about his manners again and pretended to be interested in paper napkins. The diner fell dead silent. “What? Oh please, obviously you have complexes. Or at least most of you do, if you need to go to such lengths.”
“I don’t see any problem with that,” she told him, looming over him in the same way Sherlock did over them when he got cocky. Smartarse won’t be able to anymore. John’s scowl made her frown. “What? Don’t you want to try this for yourself? It’s amazing, honestly!”
“You are when you sleep,” John laughed, tapping on his phone and then pointing at the canvas. “I’ve got evidence.”
“So what happened for real?” she asked Sherlock as they ascended the stairs to the attic. Greg kept swearing to himself for being a ‘forgetful dickhead’ while John laughed his arse off. “You look awful.”
“Start over as friends? I could do that,” he said, high-fiving himself internally. Mary’s face fell ever so slightly before her mask of nonchalance was back on. Small victories.
It all began when this summer, the Adler-Holmes parents decided to take a trip around the world. Not wanting their children to spend the holidays alone in London, they arranged with their old family friend for them to stay with him for the two months. Mummy Holmes was especially worried about her son, Sherlock, who had the tendency to lock himself away in his room to either sulk or experiment. Pfft, as if he needed any other interaction save for the family dinners and family time spent over tabletop games.
“I suppose we should, but I’m lazy,” John said, throwing himself down on his belly next to Sherlock. “And it’s not like Greg will notice. The earliest he could find out would be when we go to uni in September. God, I’m so tired.”
"Gosh, okay, sorry, just calm down and show me your hand," John said shakily. Sherlock involuntarily gave showed him his hand, flinching when John touched the irritated skin. "It's swelling up, Sherlock!"
John let out a chuckle, although he still didn't really understand what it was about the houses and the stigma around the one with snakes. He'll ask Greg later.
She nodded, her gaze absent and far-away. Sam felt a pang of sympathy for her. How many times has it happened that he had been used for someone else’s ploys only to be deceived and discarded? Too many to count.
John sat back on the balls of his feet, not wanting to squash Sherlock’s stomach with his weight. He craned his neck to look at the food Sherlock had brought up. Oooh -- Angelo’s lasagna!
“Sam and Dean Winchesters,” Sam said, smiling at her. She then shook Dean’s hand, and John noticed how tiny she indeed was. “You’re Sherlock’s sister, right?”
“How do you know how I take my coffee?” Sherlock asked, sitting down across John who gave him a knowing smile.
He carefully slid his arms under Grace’s belly and front legs to make the short walk more comfortable. Redbeard happily followed him to Greg’s car, skillfully hopping in once the door was wide open. John winced as hot air hit him square in the face. Eugh. He should’ve left the windows rolled down.
He pointed at Irene’s arm where a velvety red mark stained her skin. There were circular suction marks from Marina’s tentacles. She had another wrapped around her calf and left thigh. This wouldn’t go unnoticed.
Passing the entrance hall now only lit by torches, Blake took a deep breath and plucked up the courage to say something. What would Cedric do? He was the one with social skills, and he got into his head to make some friends. Well, this could be a good opportunity, wouldn’t it? Being the two Hogwarts champions that didn’t really even want to participate?
“I think it’s just the fact that he forgot Mrs Hudson’s tools in the forest,” Greg huffed, offering John a sip from his soda. He accepted, swallowing a large gulp of the sugary liquid. He winced as the bubbles scratched his throat and roof of his mouth.
How did you like the resolution? Tbh, I'm sorry for James and Gloria, but they did get their happy ending, and Sherlock got the rings, and Dean got to reference Tim Burton :))
“Phew! That got claustrophobic,” Alexander Hirsch said, running a hand through his messy hair. He remained oblivious to the three other persons in front of him as he brushed off the last bits of chocolate, scratching his goatee for good measure. He jumped on the balls of his feet, cheerily greeting them as it dawned on him that he wasn’t alone, unaffected by Cage or their shocked faces. “Hi! Do you live here? Sorry for the mess, it was the only way I could protect myself from the diabetic squirrel mafia boss. Anyway, how are you?”
“Oh, look at this!” Sherlock suddenly exclaimed, scooting on the chair next to John. He pointed at a leaflet on the last page that advertised a supernatural photo contest. The prize was staked to five hundred dollars. “Considering we have the luck of seeing weird unnatural occurrences every day, we could easily win this and split the fee.”
“Honestly, Sherlock! What happened to ‘don’t provoke her’?” he snapped, watching the angry ghost break hell loose.
The drive was silent since they dropped the girls off, but the glances John and Sherlock threw at each other were unmistakably an evidence of something more. She suppressed a smirk and played with the radio settings, changing the stations from radio static to barely-an-intermission to the same five shitty songs that the hosts played on repeat until Greg slapped her hand off.
“No.” Irene shifted her weight on her right leg, putting a hand on her hip. What was she supposed to say? Her left hand played with the torch, which got Kate’s attention.
Sherlock scowled at Greg, shuffling closer, pinning him to the ground with one knee on Greg’s stomach. John rolled his eyes at their childishness, walking up to them to talk sense to those two. Sherlock took a hold of Greg’s arm by the wrist to stop him from wriggling further away, lowering the lizard up in his face as Greg squealed for help.
“Who?” Sherlock wasn’t paying attention. Instead, he focused on the road. It was a strange feeling, driving on the right, even as a passenger. But he got used to it, commuting in Toronto for the past two years.
Irene bit her upper lip, peeking over the ledge again. She doubted they had a chance of surviving a jump in the bush. Fuck. “I don’t know. Maybe if we jumped onto something soft, but…”
“Great, just when we go on vacation, we have to deal with this bullshit,” said the other one, putting on his stylish shades. “Get the guns and salt, Sammy, I’ll rent a boat. We’re going on that island and get it done as soon as possible.”
So, there it is, folks. The 'pilot' episode is officially finished and the journey is only now beginning! There are *wink* more supernatural *wink wink* forces coming, too! Just in five days ;) Which also means more pining, blind-to-the-others-otherwise-quite-obvious-feelings johnlock! Whee!!
“Is it working?” John smiled, looking up into those bright azure and teal eyes. Sherlock sighed (dreamily?), blinking at the black heavens above.
Wilkes’ attempt at a grand entrance tripped over a hitch called lock. The doors wouldn’t budge and he essentially nose dived into the sturdy obstacle, crying out an ‘Ow!’ as he crumbled to the ground faster than a house of cards.
“He won’t bother us tonight. I don’t think I managed to deconstruct the essence of his being, but he’ll be gone for a while.”
“Done,” John said, tossing the paper bags in the bin. He looked at Sherlock, face bright. “Let’s check up on Irene and Cas, shall we?”
Both men had excused themselves afterwards, and John had jogged up upstairs where he got the brilliant idea to go see Sherlock in the attic room. And, uhm… That happened, and now he stood there, smiling to himself like an idiot. Which he most likely was, because… damn, he may be in trouble.
"Get to the point, Fletcher," Sherlock said, running out of patience. God it was too early to deal with idiots.
“Yep! Maybe even longer than that, but I don’t remember my kindergarten years,” Molly said wistfully. Oh, childhood friends? Even better!
And so they set off for the Shack under John’s navigation, Sherlock quietly slouching in the backseat, eyelids heavy. Who knew sorting out ghost problems was so exhausting? The pain in his ribs was only pulsing now, and easier to ignore when he took slow, deep breaths. John took the journal out to read in the meantime and Dean sang more of that weirdly catchy song from the movie he mentioned in the cave, Sherlock’s vision blurring. He barely registered leaning into John’s broad, inviting shoulder as his eyelids slid shut, content.
“Step-sister,” Sherlock corrected automatically. He took a pencil out of his curls and added a note to a random page. “And I
“Can I take this off?” he asked the goat, and it let him as he untied the rope around her stomach. The box was light, but something rattled inside of it. The goat went to the living room and just as soon Dean moonwalked from there with Irene in his hands protectively.
“Never say the words ‘my fleshed-out meaty self’ ever again,” Irene said, doing her best to erase what she heard. “And alright. I guess that makes sense. So, you know what’s going on with the story. I don’t have anything else available, or lighter, for that matter, for Jake to read. But I also brought papers and pens for him to practise the alphabet. That should keep you busy for a while.”
“No idea, Gregory. But I won’t join it either, I’ll be spendin’ time with ma’ grandkids. Don’t worry, I’ll put a good stash of eggs for you aside.”
“Watson! We thought the Queen prohibited you from leaving the Shack or something,” a chubby boy named Mike Stamford grinned, leaning on the minivan. The vehicle belonged to his mom.
Something about that statement made Cas pause in his tracks. Apparently the creature noticed a detail that was eluding him. Or not. It could be a part of his ruse in order to escape. No, he won’t let himself be defeated by plain words that stood on no firm ground. He has to end this and then he needs to check up on Dean and see where Irene and Sam were hiding.
John smelled even more bullshit. He raised an eyebrow, annoyed at all the anonymous faces he would probably never meet who dared call Sherlock a freak, or worse. Kids could be cruel and excluded anyone that was different from them, but if adults resorted to such childish games then that spoke volumes about their maturity. Sherlock
have to release the leviathans? They’re creepy perverts. And ugly. Just because my mirrors can act as occasional portals if the stars are aligned properly doesn’t mean I’m comfortable doing it. It will drain me.”
He knocked the katana out of his way with the bat rather skillfully when Cage managed to get it in his proximity. The two had it at each other for a while, John checking over his shoulder as not to fall into the feeble flames.
“Stop. Please don’t blame yourself on this. Sure, you could’ve labeled it or specified it, but we have three more people in the house and it can be a bit distracting. I said that it’s fine. As long as we don’t slip up and Greg doesn’t find out, we’re good. If it lasted more than three or four days, I’d probably be freaking out right now.”
John traced back to the compartment where Greg and Sherlock sat in silence. Greg took to his half of the seats, laying down like he owned the damn place. Sherlock sat opposite of him, close to the window, unfocused.
“I’m sorry, honey,” Janine wiped a tear off her face, “but I wouldn’t take fashion advice from your kind even if my life depended on it.”
“Yes.” Cas said it immediately without a shred of hesitation. Okay, that’s… new. “I’ve seen John’s mind, when I wanted to make sure he isn’t a prophet.”
Mork was written in during my editing process. This chapter has been written in March and back then, it was like 2k words long. Then I got the idea of taking shriveled head like they had in Hotel Transylvania, and I don't regret it, LOL, I love Mork already
At one point, Greg knocked on their doors to make sure they were okay and not summoning Satan or any other unholy creature of the night, which gave Sherlock ideas. However, he was immediately shunned by Irene (‘
She shuffled down from the attic room onto the second storey of the house where the bathroom was. The Shack was quiet, eerily so. Over the few days that they were here she got used to the static and orderly footsteps on the creaky floors and stairs, but it was almost like the house was fully empty.
“I suggest you two go to bed,” he said, smiling warmly at the two of them as if this was a casual evening, no mentions of a possible want to murder the younger boy next to Blake. “Gryffindor and Slytherin are surely waiting to celebrate this with you, and I don’t want them to wait for an excuse to make a noise for much longer.”
“Stay here, I won’t be long.” He got out, leaving the keys in the ignition, though he turned the engine off. Sherlock let his arms go limp, not having to unbuckle his seatbelt. He followed Lestrade’s back disappear behind a row of tree sapling planted in pots that rested on three joint tables.
She hit a nerve. She recognised it the moment the words and the implication they carried left her mouth. Irene closed her eyes and exhaled through her nose. She scratched at her temple. “Sherlock….”
’. In hopes of wanting to make Sam feel better, he wrote him an update on his, Irene’s, and Sherlock’s adventures.
“Who told you you can get up?” he shouted, making his stance as threatening as he could. The dog glared at him, murderous intent in its fiery red eyes, but his own mirrored it, enhanced it, and threw it right back at the hound.
He was shorter than Sherlock - but then again, most people were. The jeans he wore were worn-out but still intact, and his shoes displayed similar signs of years of use. He took good care of them, though. Not so frugal, or maybe the shoes just held sentimental value for him. His eyes moved to his chest, which was covered by a white t-shirt, and on top of it was a yellow-and-black shirt with squares, the sleeves rolled up. The colour complemented his dirty blond hair. When Sherlock’s eyes rested on John’s lips, he realised with a jolt that he was speaking to him again.
“What if you get hurt by that person? I don’t want you to blindly believe in me if you later find out I might be a traitor when even I myself have no clue what happened to me.”
“Shush, I’ll highlight just a little,” she said, dragging the brush lightly over his skin. “You’ve no idea how those cheekbones of yours can work. A little colour to make them slightly prominent and bam -- people turn their heads like hungry owls.”
Sherlock gave him a pitying smile, and drew his weapon. John’s eyes darted from the confetti cannon to Sherlock, daring him to
“What have you got here?” John said, poking Sherlock’s forearm to turn the book for John to read. “Oh! You’re really going to read it?”
“Yes, how horrible to lose profit from five days,” Sherlock remarked sarcastically. “Honestly, Lestrade. Your state of being is pitiful. I agree with John -- you should take a few days off. Can’t have you die on us, Mom would be furious if she heard we let you.”
But apart from that, the castle moved on and Professor McGonagall didn't care it was a time of festivities, she still unloaded essays upon her students like it was raining cats and dogs.
“Please don’t insult Gordon Ramsay like that ever again,” Sherlock said from the archway, rubbing his eyes. John could melt at the sight of barely awoken Sherlock anytime. “It’s good to have your level of self-esteem, but this is just absurd.”
These had floral patterns on them, and it would have been nice weren’t it for the dreadful material it was made of. Irene would have a stroke if she were here. On the other hand, there was a selection of skirts and leggings she may like. He knew her size, so he browsed through them to see if there were any she may like if he bought it. There were these individual red leggings that had a print of an open watch on its left leg. Despite expressing the contrary, Sherlock did catch a word or two about Homestuck, however stupid he thought it was. He paid a lot more attention than he’d ever admit, but if his memory served right, Irene favoured a certain character… Dave? He had a special power and whatnot regarding time and had red in his colour scheme. He can take these. He can pretend he doesn’t have a clue what she’s talking about when she spills her cryptic references and keep her happy. Sherlock threw the leggings over his forearm and went to find his boyfriend and their new friend.
“Doing my duty as the Head Boy, obviously,” Mycroft replied coldly, and even from top of the staircase Sherlock could see his eyes flare. “Which is to monitor the hallways after dark, brother dear.”
“Speak of the devil!” Jake ran up to them, his tail raised high happily. “Hi! Welcome back to our crib. How are ya?”
Sherlock observed Angelo, he hadn’t the chance the last time they got there to eat pies. Angelo had an italian accent, chubby cheeks and wrinkles around his eyes from near-constant smiling. Age-wise, he was close to Mrs Hudson -- early or mid-fifties, possibly. He interacted easily with his customers, knowing most of them on a first-name basis. His hands were strong and muscular, daily put to good use for kneading homemade dough. His apron was stained from sauces, shoes worn out from standing up for hours on end, this being an active job. A peek at the kitchen behind the counter told Sherlock that Angelo had one additional helper, a young woman with bright red hair and complementing brownish lipstick. However, she mostly operated the bar and milkshakes.
“Uhm…. On a scale of one to mental asylum, how much will you believe me?” Irene asked, huffing a nervous laugh, tapping her foot against the dry ground. Jake withdrew his snout and angled his head to look at them.
“Tremendously! Did Dimmock say anything else about his presents?” Greg twisted his torso to face her, taking a sip of his drink.
The kickstart of a car engine deafened the otherwise peaceful night. The lights lit up, rays laser-sharp focused on John and Cage. God, this must’ve looked comical. Someone behind the wheel honked and the car practically flew at them; John only had so much self-preservation left to gather himself up in time and barrel roll to the side.
Inside the gift shop, Greg faintly registered the family commotion outside. He could care less about the cash he’s just lost. Right now, he was dealing with…
Outside on the street, Mary crossed the road and took a pen out from her purse. Greg’s car stayed where he parked it, not having left the shop yet. Mary stood guard in front of it, asking passersby if they’d sign her petition to save local beavers. A few passed, shaking their heads as they hurried elsewhere, but a couple stopped by and happily obliged her.
- and braced himself for whatever the hell they were facing now. He figured it out, to a degree. Still, he glared in the general direction of the idiot who goes around kicking people in their chest.
Cas shook his head. “None the wiser. It’s unsettling. I could compare it to deja vu -- it’s like something is there inside my head, but escaping me. Fleeting my consciousness. The closer I get to the resolution and clarity, the further it runs. At the same time, nothing seems terribly out of place, either.”
Ironically enough, it wasn’t the portal nor the inevitable anomalies that worried Greg. No, that prize was taken by the Club. They were a bunch of well-bred morons, but he shouldn’t underestimate them. If they plan to buy out properties across the Falls like the cult that they are he will need to take more precautions to ensure John and the kids and the Shack are safe. That shouldn’t be too hard since they’ll be going to university in the last week of August after John’s birthday. However….
to Cedric since he was subscribed to it, and Blake stole it to avoid talking to other people around them. “She made Potter into a crybaby. And then there’s me - oh that’s
Kate looked at her funny, but acquiesced. Cas’ curiosity led him to the spice rack tucked in the corner of the kitchen counter directly under the turned off LED lights. Bottles clinked as he shuffled them around, reading their descriptions and names. He picked up a bottle containing sweet paprika and sprinkled some of the dust in his palm.
Eyes closed, they let other senses take over to take in the chaste, soft kiss John initiated. They both smiled into it, childish as it was, and that’s when John slithered out of Sherlock’s reach and rushed over to his easel to get the paint tubes themselves. He tucked them under his belt while Sherlock processed what had happened.
Once the boys devoured most of their dinner, they resumed watching trash telly the moment Doctor Who ended. Greg and Sherlock fought over the rights to hold the remote and switch channels until John stepped in and declared himself the Supreme Remote Ruler and flipped the channels depending on the ‘ohs’ and ‘ahs’ his friend's let out when something caught their attention. Which was, frankly, everything. And this was just the beginning of their five day sleepover.
Irene sighed and nodded. “You have a point. People can be such idiots sometimes,” she rubbed her temples rather dramatically, which made Sherlock smile.
“No way, he’s not that smart,” Draco replied, rolling his eyes. “Well, not on his own, anyway. But he’s always been Dumbledore’s favourite, wasn’t he? I’m sure if he even did as much as
This fic is divided into 3 seasons. Season 1 is currently being published, and has 100 chapters. Season 2 has roughly 110 chapters, and the third is around 90, give or take, that’s too far to be known for sure yet.
“Isn’t that too much sugar for Irene?” Sam said, nodding at the girl. Dean adjusted her in his arms and led them out. “She’s a tiny kid.”
“God no. I’m just more intelligent than the rest of you,” Sherlock replied drily. John snickered. “That means I -- with John’s and Irene’s help -- will help Cas and see what we can do to help him recollect his memory.”
“Alright,” was all Harry said before bidding him a farewell and disappearing among the surrounding bookshelves. It was then that slight panic started to overtake Blake.
When John realised he ran out of paint, he decided to pursue a different strategy. He put his hands on Sherlock’s cheeks, brushing thumbs along his cheekbones highlighted by orange and pink, and drew him closer.
John paid the cashier what his shopping was worth, noting the time on the digital screen that showed his total sum. 16:03. Less than an hour ago he was released from the prison of the Shack’s gift shop by Greg who came to switch him. His grunkle then proceeded to send him on this quest to town to buy him shampoo and razors, of which he ran out of. Because that man couldn’t simply add it to the shopping list the day before,
Sherlock propped himself up on his elbow, breaking his annoyance with Irene. “Even if,” he said, “John is just being nice. I told you he has a caretaker personality, it doesn’t mean anything.”
“To the Tooth Fairy. Listen, she was very persuasive. And I got into trouble with her and her swarm of fairies. Iron didn’t work on them, so I had to improvise and I had your tooth on me…”
“Weather’s not the only hot thing here, y’know,” he heard John mumble under his breath, suddenly thinking it’s a good thing the AC was on in the mall. Even better that he had his back turned to John, at least he missed Sherlock’s darkening blush.
“Such tragedy,” Irene nodded, but her attention span belonged undividedly to her fingernails. “Did you bring some?”
hey peeps!! I'm updating a day early because biology and chemistry will try to collectively kick my ass this week, so have at thee!
He watched his aunt touch her necklace, her gaze losing its focus as she got lost in her memories. Conflict and sorrow furrowed her eyebrows and deepened the wrinkles around her thin mouth. “The details are a bit fuzzy, dear. I didn’t notice his possession until a few months in. I believe he made a deal that pertained to his being possessed temporarily, and that’s when things got bad. When Greg and his partner crossed my path they were young, but determined to help. They saw how he was shouting abuse at me at a beach, and when he stormed off, they approached me asking if they could get me to safety.
An invisible, gentle hand squeezed John’s heart. Obviously Greg knew him like no one else. Sherlock was perhaps catching up to him, but that remained to be seen. Not that John had a whim of doubt about the young aspiring detective - quite the opposite, he believed he’d have him worked out rather soon.
“Well that was tedious,” Sherlock announced, kicking the attic door open to reveal Irene polishing her nails in the colour of midnight blue. She hummed, her focus quite literally unrelenting from the task at hand. Sherlock stepped out of his shoes, wiggling his toes to relax them. He took off his suit vest, unbuttoned his white shirt, and fell on his springy mattress face-down.
He lifted his grey eyes at Mycroft, observing that he looked around somewhat… anxiously? As far as Sherlock knew, they were alone in the corridor, besides his nosy brother. It wasn’t because he was afraid someone else would catch them - after all, he had the most authority out of any student in Hogwarts as of present.
Also, my heart goes out to the SPN fans. I'm rewatching s1 right now, but for the sake of this fic as I planned before I'll stick with the first *4 or 5 seasons, then it's canon divergence. Plot reasons. My Destiel? Guys, they'll be on the gay frequency of my Johnlock. I know in episode 2 I mentioned an event from probably season 6-ish, but this is fanfiction, why give a damn about that now? Details :D I'll smooth things over (canon divergence yo), but more on that later!
“Yeah, I did,” Sam said, taking a bag from the cashier where she put his and Irene’s clothes. “On the first floor. Just behind the escalator.”
Greg’s eyebrows rose and fell as he looked at Aunt Martha. She exchanged glances with him, and Sam sensed that a conversation passed unnoticed by him.
She rushed to where Sherlock was, which was at the table while John crafted sandwiches for breakfast for them. Sherlock loomed over a crossword, cursing whatever ‘illiterate idiot’ designed it. John greeted Irene, smiling at Sherlock over his shoulder. He did the same when John turned around. Besotted twats.
“We don’t need to profit from making sure our friends are alright. I dunno, I just like to be there for someone, and them to be there for me. It’s consoling, knowing that there is a person you trust and can talk to and they give you that reassurance.”
When Sherlock returned, he was eating a small cupcake he stole from Mrs. Hudson's fridge. John shrugged it off, at least he ate something himself today, plus it's not like their landlady would mind.
“Listen,” John said. “Which one of us knows Greg better? I do. So trust me. Yes, he may be tough when it comes to business, but he cares. He took us out to the Lake, if you remember.”
John reached for Sherlock’s hand that was resting on the table, his thumb brushing over his pale knuckles. “I know, Sherlock,” he murmured, looking up into the piercing but reassuring silver eyes. “I know. We always do.”
. His brain, however brilliant, offered a rather conflicting distraction, holding it out on a silver plate like a hunting prize: let’s think about John! That never gets old. But that would lead him down the lane of overthinking his insecurity, and he knew fairly well how that would affect his good mood. Not going to happen. Maybe later at the Shack.
“Excellent,” the man said, settling on his chair once more. “Your Head of House is Professor Snape. He will be here shortly for an introduction. If you ever need anything, he has the answer, mostly.”
“Right? They’re impossible. I tried talking sense to Sherlock but he wouldn’t hear of it. But I know what I see, and they’re both in trouble.”
“They ask for it, so yes,” John said, putting a hand over his heart in a gesture of a promise. “Trust us, Greg. We’re not thirteen to burn the house down.”
“I’m being ridiculed in my own house, this is incredible,” Greg murmured, defeated. John stood up to hug him, giggling to himself.
He passed the coffee table but made a short detour to peck Sherlock on the cheek before disappearing in the hallway. Redbeard’s excited pants echoed throughout, and Sherlock smiled to himself. Grace let out a
Draco’s lips quirked up at the corners of his mouth. “Draco Malfoy,” he said in reciprocation. “Look, if you need anything, just find me. I know I’m only a Fourth Year, but I know a great deal about Hogwarts. Anytime, really.”
Suddenly he got a feeling that things might start becoming much clearer in the foreseeable future. What did this mean? It could be a coincidence. The Colour Wheel is in no way shown to be of practical use, but how come he got…. this sense to seek it out? The rose? And see Irene’s aura?
Each episode will have the 1st chapter linked in it’s underlined name. ToC will be updated once a whole episode is posted.
Cas scrubbed his chin, pondering. He looked from Irene to Sherlock and back. “It would appear you do, but I can’t pinpoint them. Not right now, at least. John’s shines through better, likely to the bee connection.”
