“No, it’s not Jim. And we both know that if it were I wouldn’t tell you. His plans are my plans. So no. Not Jim. Who it is I’m not sure. But I know the threat is eminent and I know the plan is to extract information.”
“Good, everyone’s here.” Herbinger, began. “Let’s hammer out the details and get to work. Mr. Holmes...”
Trevor opened the door and tossed his keys in a well placed bowl and stopped cold. He looked John up and down and smirked. "I was warned about you." Trevor shut the door and moved into the room proper. "I was told that if I set foot back in jolly old England you would find me. John right?" John didn't speak or budge from the window just sipped at his drink. "Ok. Not in a chatty mood then. I have to say you’re not what I expected. But I guess you make a decent tracker dog. So, all this for Sherlock? I just don't see it. I mean yes he's still in my top ten after all these years if you take my meaning but, I don't know?  It just seems like a lot of risk for not much reward." Trevor was clearly unimpressed with John and felt perfectly at ease to say whatever was on his mind. This was his first mistake. His second was his unwanted commentary. People failed to realize that while they were running off at the mouth John was busy trying to decide exactly how he was going to deal with them. Did he need to inflict permanent injury or simply incapacitate them temporarily? Did he want the wounds to be merely physical or did he need to mentally scar them as well? It all depended on the job at hand. Usually. Tonight it was personal.
"Trying...not...to. Hard." John's eyes drifted open then closed again. Sherlock tried to keep the panic out of his voice as tears clouded his vision and he ached to have the ugly blade out of his perfectly flawed beautiful solider. He wondered briefly when he had decided it was acceptable to think things like that about John outside of his mind palace. Sherlock, pushed the thought aside.
John tilted his head sideways and studied the piece of work in front of him for a moment. He had to admit, Sherlock Holmes was magnificent, and he had more then gotten under John’s skin. “Alright then. Gloves off.” He up ended his glass, and stood.
"Yes, yes. Stupid, vapid human beings. I know. Now can we focus on watching hot boys on the pitch?" Irene rolled her eyes with the expertise of long suffering practice in the art form.
"Call the police Mrs. Hudson." Sherlock called back down. There was no need to say send an ambulance or tell them to hurry, because a call from 221b Baker St. meant all that anyway.
John was already beginning to feel the warming effects of good scotch and Sherlock's playful wink was only adding fuel to a fire that John had been trying to bank for years. He often wondered if he burned alone. There were times when he was sure that he saw the same fire in Sherlock's mercurial eyes, saw some spark of shared desire. Sometimes when their eyes would find each other and the silence lingered a little too long the air would become heavy in his lungs, and his blood would buzz in his ears and he was certain that the fire would consume them both.  But something always broke the spell, cooled the moment, pulled them apart. John took another sip and watched Sherlock's frustration wane. He threw himself dramatically onto the sofa and kicked up his feet.
John remained tense during the entire report waiting for news that would completely rip his world apart. But it didn't come. In fact there seemed to be a sliver of hope. He closed his eyes and took a steadying breath, he needed to keep this in perspective, he had to approach this just like any other operation. Clear headed, game on.
The explosion had barely settled, all the emergency personnel and police had shown up just as the dust began to clear. But none of that had stopped John from frantically digging through the rubble screaming with choked lungs and bloodied hands. There was blood poring down his forehead into his eyes abscuring his vision as he was being pulled very much against his will into the back of an ambulance.
“Sherlock is every inch a grown man, and I don’t give two fucks about him being your brother.” John stated calmly but grinned to himself at the mention of inches and placed his gun on the table.
John stood at the window and watched Trevor exit the taxi below, he took another sip of scotch and waited. Maybe when he was done here since he had it on good authority that the place was about to become available he'd have Mercy buy the flat and turn it into a London bolt-hole since his future plans where to spend the majority of his time here in London. The faint sound of keys outside pulled John out from his thoughts.
"As I said 'working theory'. But if I'm correct, we should have our answer tomorrow and all should be obvious even to the two of you." John half frowned half smiled and plucked Sherlock's pinky toe. Irene threw a crumpled piece of paper at his head, and all three laughed when it hit its mark square in Sherlock's forehead.
“Although Irene, is in part my type, she lacks a certin something.” John wiggles his eyebrows suggestively, Sherlock responded with a head shake and an eye roll topped with a small smile. “We met in Uni, been friends ever since. I’ve put my life in her hands more times then I can count.” John had a feeling this little Q&A, had just begun so he settled in ready for any and all questions, for Sherlock he'd gladly be an open book.
“J, said you were clever.” She was dressed in form fitting black from curls to heels save for her red lips and nails. Ah, Cardinal. John’s second. But wait, why was she her? Why was she here!? “Calm down. He’s fine.” Cardinal smiled, but it was far from reassuring. Sherlock attributed it to the fact that smiling was not her normal state.
Fuck if that’s not every reason to worry! I know the kind of people I go after and the fact that you cross paths with that level of criminal is frightening as hell to me.
Sherlock gave Irene an incredulous look. "And what would you know of us being perfect for one another?"
"Sherlock, we had to keep an officer on your grave!" Lestrade was more then a little upset with the newly alive detective.
John, let Sherlock's words wash over him, warm him, fill him with a joy so great it brought tears to his eyes.
And lastly I’d just like to show some love for the legendary Mad_Lori for her heartbreaking, brilliant work “Alone On The Water.” I used that phrase below and it  just didn’t seem right not to acknowledge how important that fic is to our fandom. So to Mad_Lori, mad thanks.
John exhaled and rested his arms on the rim of the tub and let his head fall back against the wall, totally knackered. Steam rose in soft hypnotic curls from the soothing waters. He closed his eyes sighed and let his aching muscles slowly unwind. Who knew that five short years could make such a difference. John recognized that he was no longer a young man, and he certainly wasn't hitting the gym by anyone's standards but he was still reasonably active, his muscle tone was decent, and he had little to no belly fat. So why the hell did he feel like the dead?
“Do a satellite search for heat signatures in a twenty mile radius in all directions. Tell me what that brings back and Mercy...call up the rest of Methos.”
“I go where I’m sent. But you believe that I was so heartbroken that I wanted to die. Mmm. Kill, maybe. But not die. Dying would be counterproductive to my goal.”
Sherlock's whole body shivered at the sound. In Sherlock's mind when John laughed the gods where pouring pearls down from Elysium, just for him. It took a moment for John's laughter to die down, when it did, his eyes fell on Sherlock and John gave a contented sigh. Still in a mischievous mood.
John's reaction was visceral. The urge to vomit was nearly overwhelming. Unable to speak. Too many emotions rushed through him. First of which was a murderous rage for Thomas Shipton. Second was anger at himself for being blind to the obvious. Third was a fierce determination. Sherlock was precious, and if it took a life time John would make certain he knew it. He smiled to him and started to leave. Irene was confused.
Sherlock’s smile spread across his face and he took a step toward the only thing in this world that could make him whole. Thats when the door burst open and three doctors pushed passed him forcing Sherlock to move to the corner of the room. Doctors poked and prodded and asked questions. How was John feeling? How was the pain? Did he want some water?  And on and on. John nodded and answered automatically from a far off corner of his brain. His main focus, his only focus was Sherlock. They hadn’t let go of each other’s gaze, and John felt from across that buzzing room that they would never let go again. John reached the fingers of his left hand towards Sherlock, a small gesture hardly noticeable, but so full of longing. Hands by his side fingers splayed Sherlock did the same. They reached for each other. Across the room and across the years that had separated them. Nothing had changed. The men themselves may have, but the love they had for each other was a force unto itself, that time and distance could not touch. One by one the doctors filed out of the room, with each one that left Sherlock got a little closer. The last one left with a stern warning.
John sat about disassembling his sniper rifle, too pissed at Cardinal to hear the footsteps right away, but still hearing them far enough away to slide his L9A1 from the small of his back.
“What else?” His voice was strained and it was the last thing Sherlock heard before John left the room.
"Well?" John let the question hang in the air. Sherlock knew it was an invitation and wanted John, more then he wanted his next breath. This moment had been the only thing that kept him alive when he'd been chained to a wall stripped naked and beaten in the cold dark place. Or water boarded in the arid desert. Or drugged in the abandoned warehouse. This. John Hamish Watson. Sherlock, stood and began to take off his suit. John watched him with a look of intense hunger. A little thrill of electricity ran up Sherlock's spine when Johns fingers touched his skin, and he tugged him toward his room. Once there John turned on Sherlock his kisses where an assault. There where things in that kiss that should never live side by side, loss and regret, pain and betrayal, love and anger. He shoved Sherlock onto the bed and looked down at the beauty beneath him, and hated Sherlock. He hated himself, and he hated the world for what it had done to them. A halo of black curls seemed to swirl around Sherlock's snowy skin and his beautiful changeable eyes looked into John trustingly. John had never wanted anything quite so much and he knew that he would go to his grave loving this man. John thought that he would take Sherlock fast and hard. But as he watched his hands move over the pale skin, with tears in his eyes and a lump in his throat he wanted what he'd always wanted, to love him, every inch, every pore, every breath. John licked his fingers and pushed inside Sherlock's body, the sound Sherlock made was more breath then words and he arched his hips up into Johns palm, he was hot and tight and stunning. John wanted to cry. He bathed Sherlocks lean muscular body in kisses he sucked his cock with greed and once he knew Sherlock to be open and eager for him, John pushed inside him, burying his huge cock in Sherlock much faster then he'd intended but primal need hurt,and anger, urged John on. All Sherlock could do was rise up to meet each beautifully agonizing beat of Johns cock inside him, the spiral of pleasure was blinding tears ran freely into his curls, a mingle of emotional pain and soaring joy, he couldn't hold him close enough, Sherlock wanted this feeling forever. John forever. The weight of his cock heavy in his body, the curve of Johns muscles under his hands as they flexed in rythme. He was beautiful, and he took Sherlock's breath away.
"That's what he'll say. But I won't stop, not until he bleeds his life away for me. Just like all the others." That's when he lasted out, messy but quick, catching Sherlock across the chest opening a long gash. Sherlock hissed in pain but was not deterred.
“And here I thought you’d taken a vow of celibacy.” Sherlock made some airy hand motion from his back on the bed.
"Sherlock, I was just going to ask if you wanted a drink, since it looks like we're going to be here a while."
Bullets fired at a constant pace, wizzing through the air unseen, muzzle flash and deafening sound added to the havoc all around John hunkered down low to the sand.
John reread the letter, and heard the words spoken in the velvet sultry purr that was Sherlock, and he laughed, deep and full of contentment. Ever the enigma his Sherlock. His. Well this was a turn up.
Sherlock shook his head in the negative making his curls bounce a little. “Nope. I recall no such things.” John beckoned for Sherlock to join him. He shed his coat, and shoes and obliged, crawling up the bed to lay side by side nose to nose with John.
John had sat up, back against the headboard while Sherlock outlined his litany of skills. John drew a sheet over his naked body that Sherlock snatched away throwing it to the floor grinning all the while he spoke. John smiled and gave a half laugh shook his head and pulled a pillow over his lap.
“Twenty six dead at the location you gave us, but I’m certain it’s not their main base of operations.”
John half smiled. "Something like that. And just so you know Bishop, he'd kick your ass if he heard you say that."
Sherlock wanted the first time he said ‘l love you’ to John to be perfect. He’d looked it up online and consulted countless websites on the most romantic ways to do it.
His captors had rested his feet in a pan of water and dropped in jumper cables. The result was not only painful and disorienting but exhausting as well. One of the men had hammered a nail into the soft flesh just above Sherlock’s knee. Simple. Elegant. One of Sherlock’s least favorite activities was the ice water. The first night he arrived the requisite rib shattering beating had been administered, following which he had been stripped naked and bound hands tied to a chair behind his back, ankles together and to the rung of the chair. Then a bucket of ice water was unceremoniously dumped over his head and he was left alone with the windows open in an abandon Russian warehouse. Sherlock hated all things Russian, vodka, Tchaikovsky and most especially their weather. The plan has been obvious enough with the fifty gallon barrels places at regular intervals around him, but that didn’t make the process of freeze and thaw any better. Not close enough for any real warmth, but just close enough to stave off death. Once the barrels where lit and Sherlock could feel the ice crystals begin to break apart and melt in his vains, he knew to ready himself for a new wave of pain. Metal coat hanger were turned red hot in the barrels and then laid on the delicate skin of his thighs or along the sides of his rib cage. These men were inventive if nothing else. One of his captors enjoyed putting out his cigarettes on Sherlock’s shoulder in the same spot over and over. They were nearing day three and although the methods hadn’t varied much that made them no less terrifying or painful. It’s was almost intimate. There was no yelling and screaming, no belligerent curses, just quite questions in thick Russian, and cold and pain.
(“I’m sure Johnny boy and Seb, here can go off somewhere and talk about their guns or their muscles while you and I have a more intimate conversation.”) Whatda you say?” Jim bit his bottom lip and smiled.
Second, this chapter is dedicated to the very talented Breath4Soul. If the “Angry Birds” bit makes you laugh it’s all B4S, not me. She was gracious enough to beta this for me, and lend me some of her insights, she was and is fabulous. Whatever mistakes remain are mine, and mine alone.
“True. But this took more time then it should have. In the end I told him play the damn fake or I’ll kill you.”
"You son of a bitch!" John advanced on the killer with two thoughts in mind. One he was going to beat this man within an inch of his miserable life, and two he wished he'd picked up his gun back at the first tousle he'd had with this madman. But all thoughts quieted as John, grabbed the man and muscle memory took over, pummeling him in the face and gut, staggering him backwards, the mans arms failed with his bag still in hand, he righted himself, swinging the bag wildly at John causing him to jump back, dodging the blow, but the killer was quick and pressed his advantage and stepped in close to John. John saw the knife flash in the moon light but it was too late. He felt the blade sink into his abdomen with blinding ice hot pain. John howled and pushed his assailant off him before he could withdraw the blade, and watched the man run off into the night. John fell to his knees holding the blade handle, willing himself not to vomit from pain. John looked down at the blood pouring from the wound.
Sherlock ran into John who was rushing between classes. They hungrily grabbed each other and snogged in a doorway for a good five minutes before breaking apart to smile between small kisses.
Lestrade, watched the scene and felt like he was intruding on something very private in the middle of a crowded pub, he groaned, and shook his head, he was so done with Sherlock Holmes and John Watson and their bullshit.
“And what’s so wrong with that? Hope springs eternal!” Sherlock made a face that told Irene how distasteful he had found he last statement.
Irene followed as quickly as she could. Once outside the pitch, Sherlock wasn't hard to spot. "Sherlock you stop this instant! Sherlock! I know you hear me!" Irene was being flat out ignored. "William Sherlock Scott Holmes!" That did the trick. Sherlock whipped around to glare at her. "You forced my hand so don't give me that bloody look!"
“No it’s not all I have to say! I will not allow it Sherlock!” Mycroft was more frustrated then usual with his little brother.
Helloo. TheColdEastWind here. I left notes for the end this time because I didn't want anyone peeking at Priest ahead of time. Now if you copy the link below and put it in your search engine, I promise you will not be disappointed.
“Keep your head down. Be safe. Yeah? What else?” John stopped his travels and pulled the duvet up over Sherlock and himself.
"That you have been on his mind. And it's been too long since he bumped into you.  You should know that I let slip about you and John."
“And how will it all end? Will you retire to the countryside one day?”  Sherlock tried to remain jovial but the air had grown heavy and Sherlock cursed himself for such clumsy words.
"No you ass, but John sleeps there two to three times a week. Sometimes drunk, sometimes with his Browning, sometimes drunk and with his Browning. And this didn't let up. Now do you see? You broke that man. Christ Sherlock, what where you thinking? He hasn't been there in two nights, so I'm sure tonight that's where he'll be. And so will one of my officers, because it's an official post now. Trying to keep John Watson alive is now the job of Scottland Yard."
"Bit of an issue. We’ve lost the London feed.” Mercy waited into the silence. She could hear the tension bleeding through the line. John starred down blankly at the words on the screen. This was too much of a coincidence to be coincidence. This was orchestrated. But why? Why?
“Mmm. Blow.” Sherlock’s eyes flared with heat and he tilted his head in a coy fashion his smile was pretty and full of mischief. He spidered his fingers into the waist band of John’s paints pulling him to and eating up what little space had come between them.
“She’s my suggesting officer. No one commands the SAS. They give suggestions. And this is a bad one.”
“Stop trying to spare me Mercy. Who is it?” John could hear her suck in a deep breath before she rushed into the words.
"Oh my dear boy you simply being you is exactly why your fate will differ. Thomas has a special type of hatred for you. You were the irresistible force that tugged at his sexuality." Irene took back the cigarette squinted her eyes and pointed a warning finger at Sherlock.
“What’s this, a group rated higher than the SEALs? Indeed. The British Special Air Service was created in 1941 as a force which could operate behind German and Italian lines and support resistance movements against the occupation forces. Understandably, the force is made up of British military personnel with the most coming from the airborne forces. Physical requirements are harsh and require a lot of marching with full packa. This culminates in a 40 mile march with a full pack that must be finished in 20 hours. Candidates must also be able to swim two miles in an hour and a half and run four miles in 30 minutes. After this, you get dropped in the jungle to learn survival and navigational skills, after which you endure survival practice. The final test is a 36-hour interrogation session meant to break the candidate’s will. The handful who make it through this get transferred to an operation force for further training. Not convinced this is ‘better’ than the SEALs? It may help you to know that the SAS is also trained by MI5 and MI6 security and intelligence services to undertake counter-espionage operations. It’s like having a SEAL and James Bond all rolled into one.”
"We're not. Not at first anyway. I figured I've got you, elite sniper, I may as well use you. You on the outside, me on the inside. Take out as many as you can and I'll clean up as I go. Once I've cleared the inside you come in and assist with the extraction."
The breach went off without a hitch. Moran did his part flawlessly taking out five armed men in lass then ten seconds, John doned is balaclava and went to work under cover of total darkness having had Mercy go dark, John gave the order to restore the power and Moran took up position behind him surrounded by the dead John had left in his wake.
“And that’s our target. Full breach with extreme prejudice. On my mark. Over.” John pulled his balaclava in place and stepped into the clearing.
“They need him.” John said more to himself then his twin, what he wanted to say he needed him, but that was absurd. “Fine. Let’s get back in.”
"Just yes? No yes I like this or that, just yes. Dull." John shot  Sherlock a glance to see if he knew that John was doing an impression of him. But of course he did. Clever boy. John was pleased and grinned.
“Night and day.  We have a safe house in Paris, we all try to be there for new year, it usually doesn’t work out that way, but this year we got lucky. I got very lucky. Plus this is actually our second new year together you and I and I’d love to actually spend it with you. Come. Please.” Love so pure danced in John’s deep blue eyes how could Sherlock say anything but yes.
“Oh not true. Your mind is flawless.” John watched Sherlock closely and saw his cheeks begin to bloom and wrinkle in the lovely sweet smile that followed every compliment.
“Effortless beauty. Intelligence.” John got into her space just enough to draw her in with his words. “The moon. A hidden kindness.”
Administering CPR, was on average was no easy task. One can only imagine that it was made only that much more difficult when trying to see through the blur of tears and fight down a rising panic.
John closed his eyes and moved in closer still, sliding his hand further up the back of Sherlock's neck, fingers smoothly tangled in his curls. Sherlock's eyes drifted closed and he tilted his head back into John's hand, he lost his breath in a rush of cognac scented heat against John's parted lips. John took in Sherlock's heat.
"No. Really not that bad at all."  The mood in the room was shifting, good scotch, better company and a surprisingly intimate game. John grinned and moved on to the next question.
"John I need you."  Sherlock's voice raspy, his hands screeching, digging into flesh, thin fingers finding John's satin hot rock hard length. They both jerked at the touch. Sherlock felt his stomach roll and his own cock quiver. "Let me have you." He tugged gently. Possessively.
"I would hardly call this wilderness Sherlock. Your cousin's cabin is actually nicer than our flat."
John’s brow wrinkled at the electrical charge that ran unseen between them, yet continued to look down at the iPad he was working on finalizing instructions and the plan of attack with his team “I’m sorry about that just finishing up a level of “Angry Birds” there, what was that now love?” John sat the iPad on the dashboard and faced Sherlock with a dazzling smile as he reached in the back for his L96A1.
“Mycroft. Alistair. James. Holmes.” John paused while Mycroft adjusted to this new development. “There are few people above you that don’t wear an actual crown. Lucky for me those few are friends of mine.”
"You must understand this was all new ground for me, I didn't navigate things very well, I had no idea that Thomas was in denial about who he was or that he would not only deny what was between us but lie about it too. It was and is still an ugly mess, that I'd rather put behind me, but seems to anger him anew every time we run into each other." Sherlock waited for John's reaction not sure what to expect.
“I love you to the moon and back.” What the hell did the 477,710 mile distance have to do with love?
"Don't touch me!" Sherlock protested as he stood on tips toes, whenceing trying to see around the man and into the still open ambulance as the paramedics worked on John.
"Yeah. Was lovely. He's lovely." Sherlock said wistfully. Irene swallowed a laugh."Oh shit! And I'm a sappy idiot who's going to be late for chemistry lab."
"Fine. I think. But I need to make sure, face to face. She's a good liar.. But I'd like it if you stayed...until I came back. Maybe for the the night." Sherlock had to go see about Irene, but he wanted to make sure John stayed put first.
Sherlock tilts his head back inviting more, all. “Non...non...” Sherlock’s words catch in his throat and he struggles with brain function as John’s path leads him from one hard nipple then the next swiping his tongue over and over.
“Hush now. I’m fine. Look here.” John’s tone was firm and real. “Sherlock look at me. Why did you come here? If you thought I was dead, why come here?” John somehow knew the answer. Knew that this man with all his brilliance and bravado had come here to die in the place were John had lived. The thought chilled John and his jaw clenched so tight he thought is teeth would shatter. He wanted to rage against the pain that came off Sherlock in radiant waves. Nothing should ever hurt Sherlock this way. Nothing and no one. And certainly not himself. “Sherlock!” John’s tone was no longer so soft it held a demanding edge. “Look. At. Me.”
John wasn’t sure if Lestrade had picked up on what he and Sherlock really were or if he was just fishing. He was after all a detective Inspector and Sherlock had given him some credit. John ventured a guess.
"Spit it out Bishop." John had known Bishop would be the one, the one to breach the subject the one to poke said elephant. Bishop was the consummate Devils Avedicate.
Voltaire turned around made a shoeing motion with his gloved hands and took a bow. “Clear in 5...4...3...2...1.”
It was an hour before two sticky bodies with numb limbs started to move. John stayed resting on his back, the sheet pulled just to the top of a nest of dark golden curls. Sherlock propped on his side head resting in his right hand, his left on Johns chest, fingers cataloging his scar.
"That's what I need you to find out. Contact the rest of Methos and let them know. Priest knows us, how we move, we have to be careful."
"First off you twat, it's not about me being pissed, it's because your not ready, and I'm not willing to risk you again."
“This is going to be painful, but I need you to move quickly. Can you do that for me?” Sherlock gave a curt nod. “Don’t worry about the pain. I’ll ease it when we get where we’re going yeah?” Another nod. “Good. Let’s move.”
"Just yes? No yes I like this or that, just yes. Dull." John shot  Sherlock a glance to see if he knew that John was doing an impression of him. But of course he did. Clever boy. John was pleased and grinned.
Sherlock turned to give Donovan his full attention. “Whatever you may be thinking of trying don’t. I can assure you it’s not going to go the way you think.” For whatever reason Sherlock felt the need to warn her of the dangers ahead. John was the best of men but his temper towards stupidity was nearly as intolerable as his own.
"John, I'm sorry it's Irene." Sherlock climbed out of bed and found  his clothes mingled in with John's on the floor.
"I just. I wanted. I know he would want me to look in on you. You've been...troubled." Mycroft The Unflappable, was stammering. John was done. Mycroft was wasting his time. He wanted to get drunk, and go fuck someone.
“Me and Anderson mostly. Oh but he’s your mate. We’re just takin the piss it’s all in fun. So, what are the stars telling you about us?” John felt like he would vomit.
“Did you have anything to do with it?” The words were so choked and quiet Mycroft almost missed them.
Sherlock did indeed become, a very sexual creature, allowing John to lavish his body, in all manners of sweet debauchery. And also giving a far bit himself.
John's hips jutted up each time Sherlock's arched forward, their breath rough and uneven both trembled at the doubly hot sensation. Sherlock moved fluidly on John's cock and spoke absolute filth into his ear and the crook of his neck, while increasing wave after wave of insanely hot pleasure.
Ok, so I realized far too late that not everyone knows what an L9A1, is. It’s a hand gun, alsoknoew a a Browning L9A1. There is also a L96A1, which is a sniper rifle. In this chapter a Sig Sauer, will be used, it is also a handgun. Sorry again for the late info.
"So this isn't what you want?" John could hear the shaky fear in Sherlock's voice. He sat up slowly, a little upset with himself for allowing Sherlock to doubt his feeling if even for a second.
“I’ll have a go.” Sherlock felt his heart beat a little faster, time to engage the enemy. “Is it true, that you sat this whole thing up as a way to get back at me?”
Sherlock smiled at this and huffed a little. "Let's not and say we did. What are we going to do, stuck here in this oh-so-very cliche blizzard?"
"You ripped my heart out. And that's what I hope this fuckin feels like. Now get the fuck out!" The words were venom.
Needless to say, Sherlock had never been in love. He’d never even come close. The thought of losing his heart to someone had never even entered his mind, because for Sherlock sex and love were in no way related. Sex was a distraction that could sometimes be used as a means to an end. Love was dangerous period. He tried the boyfriend thing in uni. (Hell he’d even tried the girlfriend thing, which he had found out exceedingly quickly was most certainly not his area.) It had all ended badly, leaving Sherlock with scars both visible and emotional. When Mycroft had found him in his dorm room one weekend with a nasty head wound in a pool of his own blood, he had raged at Sherlock for getting sentimental and letting this happen.
John finished his nightly routine and came into the kitchen to collect Sherlock who had cleaned up their mess from earlier. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock's shoulders and kissed his neck. "Time for bed love." Sherlock tilted his to the left to give John better access.
"Stupid, stupid!" Sherlock admonished himself loudly with his eyes closed tightly and his teeth clenched. He opened his eyes and glared hatefully at his surroundings stalking around the confines of the cabin.
“Shut up. Just shut up.” They managed to undress without leaving their sides. They lay there lost to the impossible beauty of what was.
“You’re joking?” Sherlock took John’s cup from his hands placing it on the table before pushing John backwards and strattling his lap.
From John’s position on the rise he could see that the Boko Haram camp below was abuzz with activity.
“Understood. Novgorod, is the closest safe house. But that means getting back out of Moscow safety.”
“It doesn’t feel like. Call you back.” John cut the call as Jim winked and smiled at him from across the ballroom just as Sebastian strolled up next to him.
The kiss was not the passion they had shared before, but anger and hurt beyond reason, that evolved into guilt and apology.
"Then I guess you should have thought of that eight months ago. Now if you wouldn't mind. Get the fuck out." All grace and pose.
“I remember everything of importance. You’re important to John.” Sherlock’s roundabout answer caused a genuine smile to cross her face.
"Too real, so beautiful, not fair. I loved you so much. Fuck. Do still." John drank deeply from the bottle he held tight. "You where always so perfect...so beautiful. This hurts too much Sherlock. God I can't even say your name...without it...it just all hurts so much. I can't do this anymore, I want to be with you. Please just let me be with you."
Sherlock looked up to find two men, obviously lovers and obviously basking in the afterglow hence the reason for their late arrival. One was tall Sherlock’s height but of a heavier build, blond and blue eyed. Handsome, rugged clearly forced into the suit he was enduring. The other man was smaller, lightly muscled and very at home in his Westwood, good looking but overly posh for Sherlock’s taste. It had been he who’d interrupted them. Sherlock immediately disliked him.
“Can you breath darling?” John stopped his assault, but kept his hands on the plush bottom until he turned Sherlock over. John crawled up Sherlock's hot sweat covered body.
So, that just happened. This chapter felt a bit ham fisted to me. I hope it wasn’t too agonizing to read.
"I'd have to say 90 minutes ago or so. I can't be sure considering I was unconscious for a good part of the time. But 90 minutes seems a good approximation. Don't you want to know what happened? How I got this way?"
"Alright. But I don't think you get to make that call. John loves you, has for a long time I think, and he's not the type of man to let you stand alone."
"Your intel is bad. And since it's obvious that you refuse to believe that we want the same thing then we're the ones who are done." John cut the call. Fuckin wanker!
“I want to fuck you now.”  Johns voice was a growl and seemed to be tethered to Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock whimpered and reached for John’s cock only to have his wrist firmly clamped down beside him. “Don't. If you touch me with those beautiful delicate hands of yours, I’ll cum so fast, hot and thick between your fingers, and we don’t want that now do we love?" Sherlock’s only answer was the sound of total surrender. John pressed his cock hard into Sherlock’s thigh rutting against him, precum and sweat causing a delicious friction. John quickly moved to position himself between Sherlock’s thighs. John licked his fingers wet and coaxed into Sherlock’s heat. "Open for me." John demanded. Sherlock forgot to breathe bent his knees and let them fall apart, John worked his fingers inside Sherlock and stroked his cock. John bent close and made wet circles with his tongue while sucking at his balls. Sherlock cursed and tugged at shot cropped hair pushing against John’s fingers and mouth. Percum, slicked the length of Sherlock’s cock where John kept his mouth focused. Sherlock rocked and clutched at sheets frantic to reach a destination that John kept vearing away from. John slowed to a stop and rested his hands on the inside of Sherlock’s quivering thighs, moving to press his cock against Sherlock’s slick heat seeking entrance. The mans skin was flushed pink with arousal his cock jerked with each heave of his chest and thump of his heart. The look Sherlock gave John was lust personified, bright eyes, parted lips and tousled curls. Sherlock gave John a sinful smile to top off the look and slid a bottle of lube from under his pillow. “You’re unreal.”
“Could you give this to John please?” Sherlock’s arm abruptly shot out towards the man behind the news paper.
"John. I'm sorry I don't know what to say." Irene wanted so much to hide from John's gaze, but she was no coward.
John gave his answer in English. “This infidel thinks you will die. If you talk first well that’s a bonus.” John didn’t even remove his rifle from his lap, he simply angled the muzzle up a bit and fired. The man who had spoken was thrown backward. John sat down his tea and directed his attention to the next man in line.
"This is brilliant! Consulting Dick must pay better then I thought." John shouldered the rifle and beamed like a ten year old. "These things are impossible to get your hands on!This is...just...you are a thing of wonder Sherlock Holmes."
“I know how he can be. And I know you took every precaution.  This opt has been too deeply compromised. Execute Scorched Earth protocol.” In John’s line of work when things get too convoluted to see what’s in front of you or behind you it was time to burn it all to the ground and start over.
"Ok. Alright. Why?" Sherlock tried to steady his breath and pushed back and up against one of the chairs. John flipped over on his back and reached up on the sofa for a pillow to lay over his crotch, his eyes closed trying to remember how to breathe normally.
"It's a mixture of earl gray, oakmoss and...gun oil." Sherlock hesitated only slightly on the last sent, knowing it could be telling, but he didn't care. Or was it that he did care? Whichever the case, Sherlock felt the tranquil lull of the storm without and the one brewing within and released himself to it and all that it was.
“No Ma’am. It’s just risky, putting an asset in the field, is all.” John felt her scrutiny but did not buckle.
“That would be...” John looked down shoved one hand in his pocket and rubbed the back of his neck with the other.
This chapter is dedicated to a lovely song bird at choir camp. Here's hoping this chapter makes your heart sing. And yes that was incredibly corny.
“We have to be. What we do doesn’t work unless you trust the person beside you implicitly.” John sipped at his tea, and waited. Sherlock was picking through his thought process.
"I'm yours. All and forever." Sherlock let his eyes drift closed and he walked with John hand in hand in the garden of his mind palace.
They sat on the floor lulled by the spell of the fire and drink. Finding reasons without reasons for touch. Orange golden flame played in the shadow and dark, casting Sherlock in an otherworldly light that belonged to him.
“I wish I could have a picture of you here, like this.” John was in awe. He always was. He was aware that beauty was a word he used over much when it came to Sherlock, but the man was the purest definition of the word. He positively owned beauty.
“But you clearly are an idiot. Stop it! Stop!” John’s order went ignored. The wrestling match didn’t last long and didn’t go in Sherlock’s favor. John sat atop him one wrist still in his grip the other pinned at his side by John’s knee.
Sherlock tipped the envelope and let the key fall into his palm. It was weightless...and yet all the weight in the world. He balled his fist tight around it and held it to his chest. It took a moment before Sherlock realized he was shaking and apparently crying.
"The shit that makes the two of you a ticking time bomb! The shit that's right in front of your faces that you can't see!" Lestrade, was drawing looks from the whole room, most of which seemed to be in total agreement with every word. "The shit that we all know and you two idiots can't seem to figure out between the two of you! Now go! Go! And don't come back. I'm so done with you and you and your bullshit!" John and Sherlock looked on in confused shocked silence, yet both knew they had pushed Lestrade, too far, and it was no time to test the man. So back to Baker St. as they where told.
"I can still feel you in me. My mind, my heart, my body. My god my body still feels your weight. And parts of me I don't understand. Deeper. More. Places I can't grasp. I lived for you. I. Wanted to give up, to make the pain stop, to find some peace. Some relief. But I couldn't let them take me away from you for good. I had to come back. I had to try to make this right."
John sat in the middle of Sherlock's bed legs India style, dressed in nothing but his pants just as Sherlock had left him. John looked up from his copy of "Gray's Anatomy" to see Sherlock shed his coat and gloves.
"Yes John all that was glaringly obvious. I was talking about now. With the time that we're cooped up. I don't suppose cousin Brandabas has a Cluedo game laying around somewhere."
"So you're saying you lied all this time, and I missed it. Impossible." Sherlock's chin jutted up a bit.
John stretched absentmindedly at his scruffy beard as he contemplated the last line of Sherlock’s letter. It was getting increasingly difficult to keep his head down these days. It seemed as if India wanted him dead in the worst way. But he couldn’t dwell on that right now. Moran/Doyle was haded his way with news.
“This is life.” John whispered harsh in Sherlock’s ear fucking him hard from behind. Sherlock moaned and worked his hips back bringing John balls deep into him. “Every part of you is mine.” John bit down on Sherlock’s shoulder hard marking him claiming ownership Sherlock jerked at the pleasant pain. “Every breath belongs to me.” John gripped Sherlock’s waist and fucked him harder still in sharp thrust making him gasp and cry out.
“Of course Love.” John’s smile beamed in the dark alley and warmed Sherlock more then his Belstaff ever could.
"John, you're going to Mycroft's." Sherlock pulled his mobile from his pocket. "His home is a fortress. You'll be safe there."
"Hour ago. Got here as fast as I could. Look, I get it. It's troubling. But it's not as if he knows where to find him." Lestrade, saw the need to reason with Sherlock.
“I’m aware that my flat is bugged, thank goodness you had the decency to only go as far as the sitting room.”
"I have questions. 20, to be exact." Sherlock was smooth and calm. Outwardly. Inside he was a tangle of long lost and intriguing things that only John could help him redefine.
Somewhere in the back of Johns mind the thought registered that of course Sherlock Holmes felt like nothing he'd ever known. And his beauty only seemed to increase as he got closer and closer to his breaking point. His skin turned a deep blush covered in a sheen of pearl like sweat. His lips deeply red from being kissed and bitten, and the head of his cock bobbed purple and smacked against his flat belly. They came together. John in a torrented of emoting riding the spasms out in near silence, as Sherlock filled the air around them with a course of John. Sherlock felt all his sense heighten, he could feel each hair of John's body tickle his skin, feel his hot ragged breath caress his neck and feel Johns cock pulse deep within, all the while John slowly stroked his knowing fingers over Sherlock's quivering cock savering his slick release between their bodies.
John smiled a small crooked smirk of sorts. He spoke slowly, deliberately. "Where did you take Sherlock, and who are you working for?"
Sherlock used his voice to advantage. John groan and very nearly came in Sherlock's hand. John needed to talk but could barely form one word.
"You're not going to like it. But not much we can do really, except ride the storm out here and wait for your brother to come get us."
John had been standing with his back to the door when Mycroft had entered his study. John turned now to meet the face of a livid Mycroft Holmes, his umbrella held white knuckled in both his hands ready to strike if need be.
“I can only hope.” John held back nothing. And to be honest there was no question in John’s mind that he would hold back any part of himself physical or emotional from Sherlock. Giving himself to someone never really happened to John. He was almost always expected to be in a place of dominance. But giving Sherlock all of what was already his? Well that seemed only natural.
"You are aware, that you can not drink him away?" Mycroft lend on this umbrella and cast John a critical look.
"Dr. Watson." Mycroft, judged the flat to be in the same shabby condition it had been in since the day his little brother had jumped from St. Bart's. He judged John, to be in no better shape.
Where are the coordinates leading? How badly will the opt really go? Will Sherlock get a visit from another member of team Methos? And dose Moriarty plan on letting his Tiger lose in India?
“Me? What about me?” Sherlock was thrown a little off balance. He knew where this conversation could end up and he needed to push the path back into safer territory.
“No, just be still, I’ve got you.” John helped the wounded man strip down to his pants and went to work. His knee was swollen and red, but red was good, and to be expected after the day they’d had. The burns on his thighs and sides where healing nicely, his shoulder was not. The color was off and it was obviously infected. Fuck. John knew he couldn’t continue to run with this man. He needed rest and proper medical treatment, and if he didn’t get those things soon then the whole exfill will have been pointless because he’d be dead.
It was rare that Mycroft dipped a toe into the primordial ooze of human emotion, but this man in front of him now challenging him with his fake respectful defiance was certainly stirring the very primal urge to choak the hell out of him. This was quite clearly going nowhere. Fine.
"Tons. I'm always cold. Next question. And don't be boring." Sherlock, rose with all his languid feline grace from the sofa and padded across the room to rifle through cousin Brandabas's, drink selection. He came back with a crystal cut decanter of cognac. John watched the man sink down next to him on the floor and before he could stop himself the next question was out.
“Ok. Makes sense. But not even an honorable mentions? No one stand out lover over the years? Nothing?” John poked farther while looking over the rim of his cup. Sherlock signed. John was not going to let up and to be fair Sherlock could understand. He himself wanted to know every minut detail of John Hamish Watson and the possibly of John wanting the same made Sherlock’s heart skip. But this line of questioning was making him nervous and the possibility of John being turned off by those some of those details was unthinkable. Sherlock reasoned that keeping things vague but truthful was the best corse of action.
"Stop." Johns tone said there was no room for disobedience. Sherlock's feet stopped as if they where controlled by the sound of Johns voice alone. Lestrade, could say he was there the moment the tide turned between John and Sherlock. When things changed to something more. Well that was until.
John stood on the roof of the building assessing the situation below. Six to one. Good odds. No heavy weapons visible. Tightly surrounded clearing, good for John, very very bad for them, two possible escape routes, and absolutely no way past him. The asset was naked and bound to a chair. John could see the poor bloke shivering from here. Sick fucks. Time to go to work. John pulled the balaclava down over his face and repelled down the side of the building. John picked the lock and slipped through the door like a shadow. He walked along the east wall of the building with his L9A1, at eye level. John paused. One of the men had just put jumper cables in the water at his assets feet. John clenched his teeth in rage. If he shot the lights out now, that would leave the poor bastard with his feet in the water convulsing in the dark until he was done with the Russians. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. John waited for what seemed like an eternity. The plan had been shoot out the lights drop a flash bang, put on his night vision and then put a bullet in each of their heads. But now John was pissed and he needed to put his hands on someone.
John braced his hands on either side of Sherlock’s chair and leaned down to brush his lips against Sherlock’s ear. “Patience...” John drugged the word out breathy and low. “Is a virtue Kitten.” John pulled away slowly allowing their cheeks to brush, lips just barely missing as he withdrew. John smiled when he heard Sherlock’s breath hitch. “Goodnight.” John winked and shut the door softly on his way out.
"Sherlock dooonn't." John's voice wobbled as Sherlock took him into his hot wanton mouth. "Oooh, God, Sherlock you're a bad man. But so good. So so good. Ooh Fuuuck!" John cracked his head against the tile wall and didn't know if it was the smack or Sherlock that was making him dizzy. He didn't care. All he cared about was the sweet torture of Sherlock's mouth. Hot,wet. Relentless. John found Sherlock's rhythm and set his hips to meet it. Unable to keep his hands from Sherlock's curls John clasped and unclasped his hands so as not to push too hard into Sherlock's throat.  His mistake came when he looked down to find Sherlock's pupils blown impossibly wide staring right into him and Sherlock's gorgeous mouth stretched around his cock. John's fist tighten and his body bowed at the violent shutters of his release.
The come down is impossibly slow and for a split second John is gazing up at a dark hair angel who morphs into his Sherlock.
“The body is merely transport John. Or at lest it was. But I understand the need. Just..be safe. And come back to me. Nothing else is important.”
John was glad he was sitting,because it was easy to slide his hands under the table into his lap and clench his fist without being noticed. Another agent? It was the words “take your place” that John truly took umbrage with. John would sooner die then see another agent between himself and Sherlock Holmes.
John grimaced and turned his head pressing himself against the wall as tight as he could waiting for the hail of bullets tearing the air right in front of his face to subside. Stop. Three seconds, dead silence. John sprinted to Moran’s location, laying down his own steady barrage of bullets as he went sliding into the dirt right next to the down man. John hastily pulled a L109A1 hand grenade from his pocket and tossed it into the windows with whatever terrorist still remained. John’s gaze remained focused on the building in front of him as he groped blindly trying to find a pulse on Moran silently praying to the old Gods that he hadn’t inadvertently killed a psychopaths boyfriend.  What he got for his troubles was his hand smacked away.
It has been too long since we've seen our boys. When last we where with them John had just declared a holiday for his team and his love and a tall dark stranger was looming in waiting.
Sherlock rolled to his stomach and propped up on his elbows, still a little breathless smiling, sweat damp curls dangled in his face.
Instead of giving John a response, Sherlock held his gaze and continued to shed more clothing.  He didn't trust himself to speak knowing that his time with John was coming to an end. He pulled his button up free from his from his jeans and toed off his shoes.
“I understand.” Sherlock took John’s face and held him in a lingering kiss. “Keep your head down.” Sherlock whispered in his ear slowly sliding his hands down John’s face as was his custom, and then he was gone.
“John, there's something I should say, I've meant to say always and I never have.  I’m sorry...you’re here in Afghanistan, it’s my fault and...”
"What?" The combination of Johns harsh words and the sudden cold made Sherlock suck in a sharp breath and recoiled as if he'd been slapped.
Sherlock shuttered around John’s thickness filling him, and felt himself stretch slick and tight around John’s cock. John moved in him slow at first making sure Sherlock could take him. It was the sensual brutality of two men. Then more. Longer deeper strokes that made Sherlock bit his lip and toss his head from side to side, grind and arch up into John's downward thrust. Sherlock wrapped his legs around John’s back pulling him deeper. John allowed Sherlock this bit of control as he tried to control himself. Sherlock’s body throbbed around him impossibly tight and it made his stomach lurch and his hips jut and jerk in a Herculean effort not to cum. John slowed his hips and pressed his body full against Sherlock's length nearly pinning Sherlocks cock between their sweat slick bodies. John felt Sherlock begin to tense and grip him tight and immediately broke Sherlock’s leg hold on him, knowing the man was close.
"I don't think so." Irene tilted her head in the direction of the coffee shop door where John had just come in with a cold wind behind him. He caught Sherlock's eye and made a beeline for him.
“You’re to drop off the uranium in Cork, Ireland. Your asset is to accompany you and be picked up my a member of the British government.” Mercy gave a brief rundown.
John and Sherlock walked slowly back to Baker Street, waving their way through the crowds of holiday shoppers enjoying the joyful mood carried on the coldnight air.
The fire that had burned along with them all evening had died down to nothing but embers, and now left a soft blue light streaming in from the skylight above, casting snowflake shadows on Sherlock's naked back as he slept. John did as he'd said he would and watched the shadows dance and float on the pale canvas before him. John longs to touch the man in front of him and had to laugh at his restraint. John had love bites on his shoulders and chest and Sherlock wore corresponding ones of his own, for John to be hesitant to touch was absurd. And so he trailed his fingers over several vertebrae before his subject shivered and turned.
John tilted his head back and gazed up into the stain glass canopy of leaves a soft breeze made the shadows dance and cool the sweat on his brow. John couldn’t help but think that when India wasn’t trying to fuckin kill him it was rather beautiful. John sighed took a drink of water and rechecked his coordinates. Just up ahead through the arch of the open air temple should put him right on the mark. He looped his GPS to his belt and pulled out his L9A1 before walking on. The temple was divided into light and dark long and narrow for its length, it darkened towards the end were there was an ancient alter carved onto the rock wall cast in cool shadow by the mountain behind it. There were two more arched openings one to John’s left and right with stone steps wondering off  into the jungle. John trained his gun on the tall black clad figure coming up the path on his left. His gaze deceived him, John’s aim faltered, and his arms dropped.
“I suppose that band of highly specialized killers of yours are no strangers to your brand of holiday cheer.” Sherlock held up a gingerbread man ornament and squinted at the thing incredulously.
“Go on then.” Harbinger sounded less then encouraging, indicating that John should tell her who that man was.
"Nothing. I was mearly saying that had John been here he would have noticed the ligature marks on the wrist and ankles and not have foolishly assumed that five perfectly healthy adults had all suddenly and simultaneously died of natural causes. I mean really George, how stupid is she?"
“Viktor and Rolf ‘Flowerbomb.’ Woman.” Sherlock said as more of a statement then a question as he came around the corner face to face with said woman.
"You told him you love him? Oh God John, I'm so sorry. He believes that what he's doing is for the best."
Sherlock smiled and slipped his mobile back into his brest pocket. Something had John on edge and he simply didn’t want to alarm Sherlock with the details. How sweet. And misguided Sherlock thought. It's not as if he were in danger of being captured and touted...and...oh. Yes well, maybe he would be a bit more cautious.
John’s chest heaved, and he rested on Sherlock in the aftermath sharing the folds of his coat soaking in Sherlock’s heat and sent lost to the sound of his blood buzzed loudly in his ears and the rapid thud of Sherlock’s heart. “What are you doing to me?” John rested his forehead against Sherlock’s now and asked in such away that it made Sherlock’s heart swell.
John cut the call. His team, team Methos, were never far from one another when they weren’t working together. Pope, was the exception to that rule. Always going a bit rouge. But that was fine with John, he was Cardinal’s right hand, and if she could do without him then so be it. The four of them against how ever many Russian’s there may be didn’t stand a hope in hell. Pope would have just be over kill.
"Netty Gilmore has been expelled." Sherlock exploded through the door, startling John and Irene, who'd been lazily waiting for him to return.
"Well it looks like your John is a saint on top of everything else. Let's hope he's a sinner in bed!" Irene bumped Sherlock with her hip and started to walk off fast.
“Give me your mobile.” Sherlock opened his hand as he asked. John handed it over. Sherlock flipped to his back, and tapped out a few words. Sam Smith’s voice filled the little space between them. Sherlock kept his eyes on John as the word sank in. The song talked about strangers being made to complete each other. “I know your out there we’re ment to be. So keep your head down and make it to me.” John said nothing, for fear his voice would break, the song played on and John pulled Sherlock into his arms kissing the top of his head. The song was perfect in every way. Like Sherlock.
“I’m in London for a time. Do you remember me?” Cardinal moved about the sitting room clearly assessing things, vantage points, entry and exit, threat levels and the like.
“It’s the most wonderful time of the year. Ouch! What’s that for?” John rubbed at his assaulted ear.
“We never have to speak again.” Sherlock met him, and was devoured in a hungry hard pressed kiss that quickly sat them on a path with only one destination. They rise to their knees to better get rid of the barrier of clothing.
"I do. But I doubt you would enjoy it as much as you think you would, John, it was a cruel little song thought up by idiotic prepubescent mongrels." A look creeped across John's face that Sherlock knew well.  "We were children John. You can't go kill them."
"Because I didn't know what to do with it at the time. With the love that it is. I didn't know how to return it, express it. I wasn't worth your love, and I didn't want to disappoint you. So I closed myself off, hoping your feelings would just fade. Eventually they did. And you left."
John slipped his key card from the door and stepped inside the dimly lit suite. He was greeted by the deep strings and the high whine of  “Zero Is The River” by: The Wires. Not that John knew the piece of music, he only knew that the cello was inviting and reminded him of home with all its gray clouds harsh winds and beauty. John moved around the space enjoying the luxury for a change dropping his heavy bag slipping out of his jacket and toeing off his shoes. In the back of his mind John wondered who had chosen the music. It was a good choice. He would have to thank them. He wouldn’t have long to wait.
"Look at me. You don't keep me safe. We. Keep each other safe. Now if you want to go to Mycroft's, fine, we'll go. We. Will. Go. Understood?" John tilted his head and raised his eyebrows.
The three operatives on their floor were glaringly obvious. One cleaning woman with a Luger. She came into the room pushing her cart hand resting conspicuously on her weapon under a towel. John snapped her neck from behind before she got well into the room. Then there were two elevator maintenance workers that were far to well build for the job. John backed his asset into the corner of the elevator and went to work. Breaking the leg of one, a right hand swinging back fist to the face of the other man, as John pulled his knife with his left and stabbed the first man twice in the throat, he pulled the other assaillent towards him plunging the knife into his chest. John moved his asset the the front of the elevator and off to the side. The doors opened to the basement garage black and silent. The fire fight that insured left John’s asset with a graze wound to his neck and a murderous rage that caused John to holster his L9A1, and physically go after the man who’d shot him. The fight was brief and brutal culminating in the mans face being smashed to pulp on the concrete floor.
He hadn’t been held captive long, but these men were skilled torturers (only the best for the best he supposed.) a lesser man, a lesser mind would have given them all that they’d asked for almost instantly. But for Sherlock the pain they inflicted was an excecercise in understanding. And although he didn’t like pain he could at least gain information on how the body reacted and responses  to the different torture methods. Data, data, data.
“Fuck! Fuck Mercy! Start with that next time yeah.”John fell heavily into the chair resting his head back he closed his eyes and tried to still the murderous demon that had sprang to life at the *notion* of Sherlock being in danger.
"Oh I never lied. Do I love you? Unfortunately yes. Do I love you the way he dose?" Elliot gestured to John. "No. And no one else ever will. Some love stories are beyond this world. Yours is one of them. I'll be off now."
Team Silas, was made up of five more members of the SAS. Call signs Arawn, Odin, Erebus, Viduus, and Anubis. Team Silas, was death.
"I would hardly call this wilderness Sherlock. Your cousin's cabin is actually nicer than our flat."
"No, I'm not. But if you're put off by them then I won't force it." Sherlock bridged the space between them and kissed John softly.
Once John was deep in the shadows of a dark and dusty back street he stopped and pulled out his mobile, just as he’d suspected, the man made his move.
"Good. I need them all to stay where they are and report all the chatter on anyone buying selling or interested in Sarin. This is our main focused."
“And. What caused the delay?” Mercy already knew, as knowledge was her job, but she pushed John to tell her.
"If you think I'm going to let you go after this...this butcher on your own you're madder then I thought." John was tired and his side hurt and just wanted Sherlock to take off that damn perfect suit of his and come back to bed. But John, knew better. And in truth, he also knew he was being unreasonable. "I'm coming with you."
“Well I’m not sure if you’ve noticed but Sherlock has a bit of a penchant for pissing people off.” John took a deep drink. “He’d let his mouth led his ass into a corner and he seemed out numbered, I was there right time right place, I lent a hand.”
Sherlock sank to the floor with his head in his hands digging his fingers into his curls defeated.  How could he have let himself believe that some how this situation would work itself out in his favor? In their favor? He and John. And tho John had made his stance on the matter clear, Sherlock couldn’t bare the thought of ruining the life of a man as extortionarty as John.
“In short, the Russian’s need you Mr. Holmes. The uranium’s not going to enrich itself.” Mercy came back to her spot at the table.
"Irene. I can't."  Sherlock tugged on Irene's coat sleeve as she was standing up making some sort of lud gesture to the apposing team.
Sherlock stood stock still. He hadn't known. He simply hadn't known. What little color was in his face drained away, he felt like he would vomit. The people he had watching John hadn't told him, they (Mycroft and Molly ) had told him that John was doing as well as could be expected. This is what they had expected?Sherlock had felt at the time that this was accurate and hadn't pushed feather. And although he had been concerned for John, Sherlock had to look at the bigger picture. John could endure a small amount of grief if it led to his ultimate safety, even if he didn't yet know it himself. John was a strong man, a soldier. Hurt yes, but broken? Not John. Not his John. He couldn't care that much, could he?
“Yes. Yes he is. More then you’ll ever know. Now if you’ll excuse me gentleman.” John made a slight bow, and left.
Irene walked back to her rooms at an unhurried pace without her long legged companion by her side. Enjoying the slow stroll and the chance at a solitary cigarette. She blew smoke rings and smiled to herself glad at her friends bravery. John was a good man for Sherlock and she was happy they had found each other. She worried about Sherlock. He had been lonely, even if he hadn't known it himself, and that had made him vulnerable to the likes of Thomas, in the first place. John was confident, strong and unafraid to love openly and fully. He was just what the doctor ordered. Irene smile grew even broder at her pun. Her thoughts were interpreted by an irksome voice from too close behind her. Thomas Shipton.
"John." Sherlock's voice was imploring. He knew that John was going to pull the truth from him, he'd danced too close to the edge of it and John knew Sherlock's defenses were breached. All he could do was make a play for mercy. There would be none. John had seen the crack in the wall, and he meant to see it brought down. John fixed him with a look. Sherlock felt as if John had reached into his chest and taken a gentle hold of his heart. It was terrifying. It was John. "Are we a couple." John let the answer stand. He understood what it meant. Sherlock NEVER said a word when someone insinuated they were together. John had long since stopped wondering why, he'd speculated that it was because it made Sherlock uncomfortable, but John had never allowed himself to think about why. He had a good idea why. Actually better than good. He knew. Just as sure as he knew why he himself denied it so vehemently. The truth of it had been hard for John to face, but face it he had. And now it seemed that the young detective was ready to face it as well.
Well that just happened. I wonder if John will visit Sherlock? Is Jim Moriarty ever really out of the picture? And what dose big brother Mycroft have to say about this whole...affair? I do hope you’ll stick with me and see.
"There was just this...almost sinister undertone the whole time. I don't know maybe it's just the location." John rubbed Sherlock's feet absently.
“Repeating myself. Oh how I’ve missed that. Alright. Then. Such sage advice, how could anything possibly go wrong?”
“Talk to me about the subterranean level. Over.” John looked through his scope scanning the building.
"You're clever enough. You know who. The what is obvious and the details are irrelevant. And why would I go to the dean who absolutely hates me?"
"Oh for the love of...just pull it together." Sherlock said out loud but didn't manage to wipe the smile completely off his face. "Mrs. Hudson!" Sherlock found he couldn't help but bellow as he stepped thought the door. "Mrs. Hudson!"
"Why Sherlock? Why didn't you tell me?" All the heat was gone out of John's voice, now there was just exhaustion.
"Not quite. Tell your little boyfriend that he's been on my mind lately, and its been too long since I bumped into him."
"John, believe me under normal circumstances I would argue with you but right now, I simply can't. I don't want you to get the wrong impression. I would never accept an offer of help like this, have some stranger in my flat, but it has been an unusual day all around." Sherlock's speech was faintly groggy, and even though John had only heard Sherlock's voice up close for the first time this afternoon, the perfection of that liquid honey baritone was ingrained in his mind and had played on a continuous loop for the better part of the day, so it was no surprise that John was able to notice the slur.
John pushed up his night vision goggles and looked about his surroundings. He couldn’t help but think he was paid far too much money to creep around in dark alleys. There was a bit more to the job then that but essentially creeping in dark alleys was the gist. John smiled at his thoughts and pulled on his Condor shooters gloves preparing to take the building across the street when a shadow slipped around the corner not three feet in front of him. He would have know that silhouette anywhere.
Lestrade, just closed his eyes and hung his head. He was so done with Sherlock Holmes and John Watson, and their bullshit.
If Sherlock had lacked understanding before, everything now suddenly showed with crystal clarity. Sherlock had seen that look in John’s eyes before, and what had followed it had been merciless and brutal. Sherlock let his hand fall away. John watched through narrowed eyes. Sherlock waited for the storm to roll over him.
Sherlock did his best not to let the squel he was holding back creep into his reply. “I’ll come by the club tomorrow.”
“It was. And I thought you knew that “keep your head down” ment so much more. So you believe I was done with us. Incorrectly. And you weren’t. And I believed you were tired of the causal nature of...our...relationship. And not the relationship on a whole. When I said “I understand.” I in fact did.”
John set about staging the warehouse with Sherlock’s help as if they had been there for days and not an hour. He then setup traps and trip wires that would funnel the Russians in the direction John wanted them.
“My chest hurts, and I’m...hungry. And my shoulder burns.” So this simple admission came as a bit of a shock.
"Mycroft. I would ask, to what do I owe the pleasure, but then I'd be lying."  John pulled off his jacket and grabbed a bottle of scotch and a rock glass. "Tea?" He held the bottle out to Mycroft, as he slumped down on the sofa.
“Perhaps on our honeymoon we’ll come back here and I’ll let you photograph me just so.” Sherlock posed and cocked his head with that devil sweet smile.
I do. It was amazement, not doubt. Sherlock, listen to me very closely now. DO NOT go after Priest. He's a killer.
John took a minute to gather himself before being face to face with Sherlock again. His interest in his asset wasn’t as yet causing him any real trouble, but he needed to sus out what it was about Sherlock that gripped him. His smart ass mouth. His blazing intelligence. His grit. Or was it just his absolute fuckablity. John wished it was only about a shag. But John was a man who knew himself and he knew that this was some how more, there was this tread between them a connection that was more then just want. That’s why he didn’t like the plan. He did fancy his asset, and he certainly didn’t want to put him in harms way again. But he did have a job to do. He would just have to do it differently this time.
John finally looked up the bleachers where Irene and Sherlock were sitting. "I am. Who's asking?" John asked playfully.
Lestrade, spoke in a tone, Sherlock recognized from long ago. It was the voice of reason, the same calm reassuring tones that had convinced a young junkie that perhaps this world still held some surprises. He had been right then, Sherlock trusted him to be right now.
"Coming from the man who just dropped five men from a hundred yards out in the dark in less then ten seconds, I'll take that as a compliment."
"No." John doubled over with his hands on his knees and he thought he would vomit. "Please no." Sarin was one of the most volatile nerve agents to date because if it's ability change from a liquid to a gas, it was odorless, colorless, and tasteless. John had seen what this shit could do, it was gruesome and it made is blood run cold to think of Sherlock anywhere near it let alone the one making it, especially in the state that John believed him to be in. A death from Sarin was ugly, and anyone who even contemplated using it was reserved a very special place in hell.
Helloo. The Cold East Wind here. So this is the first fic I've written in chapter form. It was...grueling. I usually try to give you a story fully formed. With this it was create as you go, which translated into a lot of doubt and pressure I prefer to give you a whole story from beginning to end. Anywho, I do hope you enjoyed our boys and the wait between chapters wasn't too long. And I'm sorry no one got the TJLC Easter egg. :(
“Up you get.” John put his arm under Sherlock’s arms and hefted him up. His breathing was shallow and his lags wobbly. He fell into John’s arms gracelessly. John took his weight with ease and helped  him into bed. Sherlock let himself be handled, he found that he had come to trust this man, and knew that he would be gentle and effective. Sherlock wondered if that’s the kind of lover he would be as well? Sherlock hoped not. He half laughed at the thought, when John’s words began to mash with his thoughts.
“Specialized killers love Father Christmas too you know." John snatched the ornament from his hand and pecked Sherlock's lips on his way to hang the offensive thing. "It’s been awhile since we all holidayed together. Actually my team hasn’t had a real break in nearly two years. This down time will do them good.”
"Damsel in distress? Oh please woman! You are the distress! And if Shipton, has any sense of self preservation he'd stay away from you." Sherlock snatched the cigarette from her lips.
“No Ma’am, that won’t be necessary. I think I’ll see this one through to the end.” John smiled the way one dose just before they do something satisfyingly wrong.
"Aside from the fact that they both hate me? No idea. I have yet to find the connection. Need more data. What we need is another truth or dare."
John stood and extended a hand expecting to shake the hand of the man who’d spoken, only to have the blond except his offer. Odd that. John thought, and this put him on high alert, glad for his faithful L9A1 tucked underneath his black turtleneck in the small of his back. Sherlock had already deduced the ex-military man a mile away, but the smaller man was harder to read almost...slippery.
"Then get off. Or don't. No matter, I'm still going to suck you till you cum down my throat." The little wanker.
Sherlock bounded from the car his Belstaff billowed as a cold London wind welcomed him home. Sherlock took a moment to just stand on the pavement and take in his city. He looked up at a blue cloudless sky and found that it was all wrong, too robins egg, too light. It needed to be more...azure? Sherlock ran through the range of shades as walked into the club. Sapphire, cobalt, lapis, indigo, cerulean.
“What makes you think I understood a word you just said?” Sherlock asked more then a little annoyed now.
“Yes you should. And I should let you. Over and over.” Moran took a long drag on his cigarette tossed down a bit of money and winked his goodbye. John watched Moran melt into the crowd. This information had not been what John wanted to hear, or what he had expected. But things were rarely predictable in his line of work and like it or no Sherlock was in his line of work too. Right then. With this new knowledge John had even more reason then the package under his arm to hurry back to London.
During John’s speech he had stood up and gathered himself back together while Sherlock had done the same.
Sherlock had not missed John's use of the word "we" and he felt a thrill at the implications. Would that same "we" be pondering the thought of children one day? No, Sherlock couldn't think that John wanted those things with him. But why had he said we? It made no sense. John's next question snapped Sherlock's mind back.
"Yeah, I'll just..." Lestrade, let the words trail off as he went down the stairs. John came to stand in front of Sherlock, in his personal space, John took Sherlock's hand and rubbed his thumb over his knuckles. Sherlock's breath jerked and he closed his eyes.
"So how's our patient?" Lestrade, asked with as much calm as he could, with Sherlock standing at his side practically vibrating with outrage at this mans causal air and worry over Johns condition.
“J, he’s perfect and I may steal him.” Cardinal weaved between the two of them and out of sight leaving only her words and “Flower Bomb” left to hang in the air.
Sherlock Prince. Ha! Like hell! Sherlock may have ignored what was between them in the past, but John was not going to stand idly by as the man he loved walked into the arms of another. Sherlock alone, he could handle. Sherlock married to...not him. No way.
John Watson, third year medical student, captain of the rugby team, and rumored to be one of the student bodies top 10 best shags Sherlock speculated that he was more towards the head of that list, as he had once watched John chat up a young woman at a party one night that Irene had druggug him to. By the end of things Sherlock himself was nearly as taken in by the blond as the young woman had been. John's smile was easy, yet disarming in the most pleasant of ways,his confidence was intoxicating and his laughter sounded like the words "take your clothes off" to Sherlock's ears. And right now he was covered in a very attractive layer of dirt and sweat and headed this way.
"Irene he'll destroy me! If I saw this exact scenario playing out in front of me I would call myself a fool and you know it!"
“No. Not this time you. This time... together.” John's words trailed off bitting his lip and looking down as he undid Sherlock's perfect trousers and shoved his gloved hand down the front. Sherlock jerked and his breath hitched at the feel of the cool leather working over his hot flesh, pulling his cock free into the brisk night air.
John went back in and was greeted by his asset, bearly holding himself up on the door frame yet dressed in coat, boots and ready to go. John hated that he had to move the man so soon, but there would be more Russian’s coming and John wanted his man safely away from harm. John, grabbed his go bag and his asset, wrapping his arm around a narrow waist and half carrying him to the Land Rover, out back. Time to relocate.
"Yes I can. I do what I want. And that's why I'll be to look in on you tomorrow. Now sleep." John took Sherlock's cup and sat both on the bedside table, he straightened out his legs crossed them at the ankles, folded his arms and closed his eyes.
“J, a moment.” The meeting had ended with a ruff plan and Sherlock and Mercy headed their separate ways. Harbingers voice stopped John and he turned back to face her. “Our main objective is to retrieve the uranium. Everything else is secondary. I’m sure Her Majesty, can manage with one less subject at the end of the day.”
"He'll tear me apart. I can't survive John Watson. I can't." Sherlock shoved the flask back in her hand and particularly ran from the field before she could say a word.
Sherlock gave this some thought. Sex was most certainly an age old tool, hell he’d been known to use it as such himself, but this wasn’t that. No. Not really. This was surrender. Not just for John, but for Sherlock as well. John was willing to give himself to gain Sherlock. Sherlock had to ask himself was he willing to do the same? Surrender?
The sick nasty words reverberated off the walls and made Sherlocks skin crawl. His eyes scanning the darkness for movement. There! Sherlock moved back as the man jumped from the shadows swinging wildly and although Sherlock was by no means a fighter, he was still quite strong, and he was after all a genius. Sherlock, side stepped as the killer lunged at him and used his momentum to push the man to the ground. The butcher scrambled up reaching for the table full of knives. Sherlock, grabbed the closet blade and stepped back at the ready.
“You don’t understand. This isn’t about us...well it is...it’s completely about us isn’t it...opts like this...this long require a certain amount of believe ability...sometimes...shit...all the time...”
John stepped under the hot tap with his back to the water and let it run from head to toe. Sherlock stepped in in front of John and crowded under with him. John giggled and pulled the man in for a kiss. Sherlock’s hand drifted over John’s muscular body kissing his face and neck slow and deliberate in their placement.
Sherlock nodded his agreement puzzled by John’s ability to soothe  him into compliance. Whatever John wanted Sherlock wanted. And so Sherlock turned the collar up on his Belstaff and gathered his great coat around him. John watched the man smother himself in his protective armor.
"The flesh is always willing." John smiled. It was all the invitation Sherlock needed. He straddled John in one fluid beautiful move. "But maybe I could just lay here and you do the heavy lifting." Sherlock tilted his head in question. "You once told me that you were no shrinking violet or some milksop afraid of a little pain, the same is true for me. I accepted you're offer that night, now accept mine." Sherlock put his hands gently on John's face, and tried to cover him in a million kisses. Kisses that began as sweet and loving that rapidly turned into passionate and descending. John pressed a bottle of lube into Sherlock's palm, Sherlock cupped his hand squeezed the bottle and made a fist until the lube made a squishing sound in his hand. First gliding up and down John's shaft, then cupping his bollocks, and finally reaching the sensitive ring of muscles and slowly advancing inside. John arched sharply and sucked breath through his teeth. Sherlock made to stop.
“I know. We’ll have to work on that.” John tugged lightly on Sherlock's shirt front indicating for him to bend down for a kiss. Sherlock smiled and gave up his soft lips to John's request.
“There has to have been a simpler way to say all that.” John couldn’t help but smile now that they where back on the same page, and knowing they’d never really left.
”Well, color me shocked to find you here Johnny Boy!” Moriarty made a comical ’oh’ face and leaned into Sebastian's shoulder as the three men paused at his table.
"Yes John I know! We should have left yesterday. I shouldn't have gone back to look at the body again. I should have seen it the first time." Sherlock whirled about as he spoke unconsciously trying to relieve some of his angry tension.
John's lips pressed into a hard line and he clenched his fists at his side, quickly he spread his shaking fingers wide in a Herculean effort not to pull his L9A1 from the small of his back and pistol whip the living shit out of Trevor. When Trevor noticed John tremble he gave yet another shit eating grin and reached out to pat John's shoulder in offer of false comfort. And here was Trevor's fatal mistake.  The take down John used was text book, if that text book taught lessons on brutality. The hand that rested on John’s shoulder was wretched around in a violent one eighty  with the resounding snap and pop of bone and tendon. Trevor's eyes bulged in shock pain and fear, he buckled at the crippling raw pain and went to one knee with little more then a strained whimper, next John's knee connected with Trevor's chin, and the mans jaw made a horrible inexplicable sound, Trevor started to howl, but John wasted no time and silenced the building noise with a violent blow to the temple.
“And that’s exactly why I needed to tell you ahead of time. So that you didn’t laugh outright in Harbingers face.”
"I think we should sleep apart." Sherlock said abruptly and a little too loudly standing just inside the door of the loo watching John. He had been acting a little high strung and now John knew why.
John stood in his room feeling both triumphant and defeated all at once. Sherlock Holmes had been taught a lesson. But the cost was high. Another agonizing erection, and no one to share it with. Fuck.Fuck.Fuck.
“John.” Sigh. Kiss. “John.” It was a powerful vibrating rumble that resonated in John’s soul. It was the preamble to words that John knew could not bare.
The Hoard.  Four six man teams, each with their own team leader who reports directly back to The Hoard leader. Ard Ri (High King)
“I see what others overlook.” Sherlock raised a suggestive eyebrow at the offending pillow. “I solve the puzzle. Murder, cold cases, kidnapping, jewel heist. I also have a wide variety of clients, not just NSY. I’ve worked for the FBI, Shayetet 13, royal families, and well more then I care to name.”
“Yes well, bad news for tourists getting caught in the German black market organ trade. Once you’re done with Crown Price Haakon, perhaps you could pop over and have a look. Seduction on the menu this evening?”
The challenge made John smile. He dripped lube in a hasty fashion before he gripped Sherlock’s hips with harsh fingers digging into flesh and watched as his cock slid into the tight ring of muscles taking him, holding him in a tight grip of mind numbing pleasure. John’s body bowed and shook above Sherlock.
“Harbinger wants us back. But I wanted to give you a heads up on the plan. Not only are you not going to like it, you’re going to hate it.”
Sherlock focused his vision and paid the driver. He climbed out of the cab and started down the long gravel path. This was John’s home a place that had shaped in some small part who he was, his footsteps had traveled these paths, his voice had echoed off the very walls. Surly there must be some of him left here. The Craig. Sherlock walked blindly on shaky legs a cold persistant mist weighted him down adding to the crushing pressure of his fallen heart. He reached the door and splayed his hand against the wood, hoping to feel what he did not know. The key sliding so smoothly into the front door lock was almost comforting and Sherlock despised it. He stepped into the foyer and let the key fall into his pocket before he turned.
Sherlock was frozen in place by the absolute horror that he felt, watching this shadow of a man that he had unwittingly created. John raised the gun to his mouth, and Sherlock lunged forward at him as he realized what was about to happen, violently smacking the gun away, but not before John got a shot off that cracked the air around them (mercifully missing the headstone and Johns head by centimeters) and seemed to bring them in focus to one another. Johns eyes widened and filled with a horrified anguish and unshed tears. His voice shook when he spoke.
Sherlock had had lovers a plenty. In his uni days he had explored. Seeking data and making comparisons. The French were romantic and tender. The Italians were cocky. The Americans even more so. The Spanish talked. A lot. The Brits, were vanilla and reserved. But John Watson The Scotsman well now he was something altogether different. Not just because of his size or his dizzying skill in and out of bed. No it was the fact that Sherlock felt human with John, or at least what he thought being human felt like to every day human beings. Full of light and warmth. Calm. Contented. Sherlock placed a note on the bedside table. He lightly touched the shot cropped blond hair. Sherlock turned and left with the greatest hope he’d see John Watson again.
"Sherlock, I wanted you here. Plain and simple. I want you wherever I am. If you got to know my team and grew to like them mores the better. So if anyone needed to pass muster it was them."
John gave Greg a hard look that lasted all of three seconds. His friend was covered in muck, his lip was bleeding and even his jersey had suffered an injury. John's anger deflated and he turned to look at the rest of his team. Greg looked better then half of them.
"No Sir. He told Mr. Holmes, he couldn't ride in the ambulance with Dr. Watson. So he broke Hillstens nose, to get past him."
Sherlock laughed at her impatience. "Well considering he and I haven't gotten to the smut yet, I'll have to say no. He walked me back to my flat, asked if I would come to his match tomorrow and we said good night."
The park was staged as usual. Sherlock stood in the shadows observing the students talking among themselves in hushed excited tones waiting on what they were not sure, but the wait was not long. Thomas and Paul arrived shortly. Sherlock couldn’t help but think how much they looked like a couple, despite all of Thomas’s bluster.
“Why must we do this John?” Sherlock purred in John’s ear and curled around him like a big cat as they stood on the pavement waiting for a cab to appear.
“Twins remember, now out with it.” John tickled the toes that had been resting in his lap making the owner start and smile up at him, John dropped a kiss on Sherlock’s forehead and began wandering about the room.
“Such language John. It’s...profane.” Sherlock admonished in mock indignation adding that wicked smile that always led them both astray.
The man had aged and it looked good on him. Skin made a warm gold by six long years in the relentless desert sun, and eyes that rivaled the Aegean Sea. God but he was beautiful.
"Please John." Sherlock whimpered the words pressed at the corner of John's mouth. It was too much. John's chest hurt.  John dropped his left knee and pulled Sherlock close with with both hands twined in his curls. The kiss. John didn't know how long they stayed lost together. He didn't know when Sherlock's hands had found their way up under his jumper, his larger hands splayed against John's rib cage with Sherlock beneath him.
What happened next was so quick that it was over before anyone had time to react. John came from nowhere and everywhere all at once. I loud crack rent the air and blood exploded from Thomas’s nose. He howled, Paul moved to Thomas’s side and tried to move Thomas’s hands to see the damage.
John shook his head. He had nearly killed him but that fact seemed less important to Sherlock then their departure date.
When you set alcohol on fire it burns away. John had been set on fire by Sherlock's words and all of cousin Brandabas excessively fine scotch was scorched away in an instant. Sherlock's eyes were intensely focused on John and the sobering reality of Sherlock's words sat in. John backend to Sherlock and again they closed the space between them, touching in that whispered way that was and wasn't all at once on the edge sweet beautiful painful madness. John eased his hands into the wild blackness of curls and coaxed Sherlock's head back gently, John rubbed his lips against the freckled length of Sherlock's neck and fell in love all over again when Sherlock moaned his name in away John had never heard it spoken before. It was love and thanks and trust layered with desire. It was everything.
"Yes." John knew that this was a serious topic but he couldn't help a bit of cheek. After all turn about was far play. Sherlock narrowed his eyes. John tried not to chuckle. He failed.
“Mmm. If...I let you fuck me...there will be...” John paused searching for the right words. “Commitments. Binding commitments.” His Gaelic heavier still.
“Risk, is by definition what I do. So yes, I plan on seeing Sherlock despite the risk...because of the risk.” John smiled to himself at the thought of the risk he’d already taken with the brash genius. “Goodbye Mr. Holmes.” And then into his earpiece. “Team Methos, stand down.”
"Fuck you, you fucking tosser! I'll have your head for this just you wait." The man took a few steps in Sherlock's direction, John stepped in his path and put his hand up to stop him and the criminal shoved John into a desk. Sherlock turned just in time to see John lay the man out flat with one well placed punch to the jaw. Sherlock smirked, John shook his hand out.
“You’re fuckin wicked.” John huffed and grabbed his own balls. “On the bed.” It was an order. “Face down.” Sherlock felt the thrill of surrender.
"We can't possibly track all the buyers so keep an eye on as many as you can send whoever is in the area to intercept the deals that pose the biggest threat."
John’s panting slowed to an occasional huff, he let his head loll to the side facing Sherlock, a contented smile on his face.
"That's what friends do." Sherlock said quickly, and looked away from the knowing blue-gray stare. Sherlock knew as sure as he did that hydrogen and helium caused the Big Bang, that if he stayed in that blue grasp of Johns eyes, his carefully constructed walls would crumble. He would crumble.
“Agreed. Copy that. Over.” Sherlock was dressed, John was naked. But dressed in a blink. Bishop and Pope, entered one from each side advancing on Sherlock. Cardinal remained at her hidden position. “Take him.” John ordered.
They repelled down the elevator shaft, Bishop cut the roof open using a CO2 laser, each one of them then dropped down into the elevator light as a thistle. Cardinal, Voltaire and Bishop to John’s left (his dominant hand) Odin and Erebus to his right. Bishop flipped out a bald, opened the control panel, and twisted a few wires. He waited for John’s command.
"I'm just not certain you're ready for field work so soon.” Mycroft fained disinterest as if he really didn't care one way or the other if Sherlock went. In truth, Sherlock could see the sweat beed across the bridge of his nose an obvious sign of his brotherly worry.
“I care fuck all about general consensus! So let me suggest that you acclimatize yourself to the new normal yeah? Now if we could crack on there’s a black market organ dealer I need to see to.”
With that said John reached a hand up to the back of Sherlock's neck guiding him down to meet his lips, in what was little more then warmth and texture pressed together for the space of what was no more then three second. John walked away as if this happened everyday. Sherlock blinked after Johns retreating back. He was simply made of questions.
"You think that's what I'm trying to do? Drink him away? No. Never that. I'm trying to drink me away. Never him. Never. I fucked up. And so I look for redemption in every bottle." John was drinking and talking all in one. His emotions raw.
“I’m not the men of your past.” He was right Sherlock thought. John was so far beyond the norm and that was exactly the reason Sherlock loved him, and needed him.
“I believe you heard me well enough.” Mycroft held his ground but John could see the first glint of panicked doubt start to form behind his eye.
"Sherlock, it's a harmless spot of fun, a distraction. Nothing more. A break from the ancient professors constant groaning." Irene sat cross legged on Sherlock's desk smoke swirling in the air above her. She slipped off the desk and went to the window.  "Would you look at that. Captain John Watson. Kings rugby. I wonder what he likes?" Irene purred as she tapped a manicured nail on the window.
John walked around to stand over Sherlock and offer him a hand up. "Well unless you want to tell me that the two of you had a lovely little ceremony in Venice, and your last name is actually Trevor and that your husband should be home any second, yeah that’s it.”
“Coitus Ensues, I thought since we’re dealing in cliches and tropes isn’t with the warehouse and all, it was the obvious point in the story where the main couple that would be us, has sex for no other reason then the sex itself.” Sherlock’s eyes twinkled with mirth.
Mycroft watched John take his leave and had to grudgingly admit that perhaps this wasn’t going to be as  horrendous as he’d first thought. Perhaps.
John edged his way to the front of the club looking for his next bloke to fuck or fight, whichever came first. It didn't matter. The music began with a start over the noise of the crowd. A lean figure seemed to slowly drag itself on stage draped in a white sheet and cast in shadow because of the glaring light behind him, sauntering gradually to the center of the stage, bony hips purposefully rising and falling in time with the hard rymthmic beat, the figure then abandoned the under current of the music and move in time with the lyrics, his curly head hung low, his body moving almost lazily only to seem to pulse with each word  as he snapped his pelvis almost violently. And thou the man was gaunt almost to the point of skeletal, his movements where fluid and graceful, or sharp and deliberately jerky. The music was a catalyst, and the dancer the chemical. The figure undulated and seemed to flow the sheet billowed at his command and pale skin played hide and seek. John leered on the edge of his seat, his heart in his throat, his cock rock hard, transfixed. His body knew the dancer before his drink addled brain. Sherlock. His beautiful vulgar movements. Peeks of thigh, and curls, and cock, played at the folds of the sheet. The fring of long unkept curls hung in his face, and the always too sharp cheek bones, now looked alien. But god the man was gorgeous.  John had no idea what to do. What he wanted was to leep on stage and drag Sherlock away from all the lecherous eyes and then come back and beat every man in the room to death. That wouldn't work.  Just then three things happened, the music pulsed, Sherlock's sheet hit the floor, revealing just how thin he really was and the light flickered out. Just as suddenly they came back on, Sherlock gone and the crowd clearly disappointed. John among them. He had to find him. Because he wasn't leaving without him. John wondered the club until he found a long black hallway with several doors on either side and one at the far end. The one that John was drawn to.
"Jesus, I'm a dead man." John yawned the words as he tightened his arms around Sherlock and drifted off, his last thoughts being "At least I'll die happy."
“For..a..a long while.” Sherlock’s internal monologue filled to bursting with screaming objections, but for once he kept quite. Not because his better angles had finally won out, no, because the indescribable heartache was swallowing his abliy to speak. Love was as cruel as it was exulted. Sherlock longed to cover John in words of love, but why? They knew. Had known for some time now. There was no need for the soul crushing pain the words would bring.
“Well well well, look who’s grown a backbone. How cute.” Victor walked right into Sherlock’s space and tilted his chin up to him with one finger. “Stop it now. I’m here because I heard about this whole crime solving thing you do and it sounded like you could use some help.”
Sherlock woak to a world that seemed to buzz with a bright warm haze. Sherlock made a mental scan of his body, and found that he was hungry, and more tired then he'd ever been but aside from that and being sore from head to toe, he felt fine. No more then that he felt good. No withdrawal symptoms, just the weakness that follows. He stood on wobbly legs from the sofa he'd been situated on and went in search of John. Sherlock found him standing on a stone patio, looking out at the country hills.
"Don't." There was no question that Captain John Watson, did not need any help pain or no pain. Sherlock nodded and let John led the way, careful to stay well back, so as not to crowd him, and in case he stumbled. Once John was settled on the couch, Sherlock brought tea, which he'd made himself. John did not let this go unnoticed
“Shut up!” John took Sherlock’s mouth in a punishing kiss. “No one hurts you! No one. That includes you.” Sherlock was defeated.
"Then if we're not friends...what are we?" As soon as the words where out of Sherlock's mouth he wanted to run to his room and barricade the door behind him. The question hung in the air.  Growing, consuming everything around it, touching every dark corner...John could see the panic brewing in Sherlock's eyes. This question could change their entire world forever, but John found that once asked, he wanted to answer. And answer honestly. But Sherlock had grown paler, (was that even possible?) and John knew he had to give the poor man a way out.
“Well, now that that’s all sorted.  You’ll be staying at the Waldorf Astoria Berlin, in the presidential suite until such time that you are needed.”
"Alright then, let's talk about the unrealistic supply of condoms." Now John was the one laughing, and he too took another sip, well on his way to a nice mellow.
“John." Sherlock somehow managed to tisk in a secductive manner. "Detective." He leaned in to nip a kiss at John’s smiling lips resting his hand on John’s biceps.
John's hand involuntary moved to grab his own fully swollen erection. Sherlock winced at the gesture as if the two members were one. Sherlock rushed forward, John rose to meet him. Their bodies came together hot and hard, need the driving force. Sherlock wrapped long arms behind John and slid his hands into John's pants, Sherlock's large hands pressed John's firm ass bringing their cocks hard and close together. But not close enough. John let his head fall forward and rest on Sherlock's collar bone, John's teeth soon found sensitive flesh, followed by his lips and tongue Sherlock moaned like a rumble of thunder and rocked and pressed John closer still, working his pants off in the process. All the while John's hands mirrored Sherlock's. Sherlock felt John large and full against his belly now.
“The Darjeeling Opt. It...went south. No survivors.”  Mycroft’s hand stopped mid motion. She waited...”Sir?”
To Irene John always seemed to be on the verge of tears. In a constant melancholy haze. A pained fake smile his only companion, save for those rare occasions (like this one) when he would allow Irene a moment or two. They would sit together not speaking. There was no real need for words. Pain was the unspoken language they sheared.
"Sherlock!" Johns heart soared he nearly fainted at the sight of his bloody disheveled genius as he slumped down with relief content now to let the paramedics do their job. Sherlock on the other hand could only see a blood covered John seemingly pass out, which caused a bitter cold in his chest that pushed him forward.
"Oh good morning sunshine. I didn't see you there." She bounced over to the bed and squatted down to eye level with Sherlock. "You can tell me how much you hate me over the full english. Right after you give me every single torrid detail about you and John Watson."
Sherlock brought both their hands up, and kissed the back of John's. "They interrupted our Sunday." He said with a lovely pout that affected John the same way everything about Sherlock did. Sherlock saw the almost imperceptible jerk of John's breath and smiled in that dangerous way that made John's blood rush south.
Sherlock passed his mobile to John, and bent down close to the body of a middle aged woman who dispite the ice crystals forming on her skin had clearly been strangled to death.
John’s mark was to take out both perimeter guards followed by a series of flash bangs, his team behind him like the force of the gods. John had come armed and ready for whatever the Russians had in store. So the locked labs and bulletproof glass posed no obstacle for John’s .454 casull strapped to his thigh. He shot out the door locks as he passed stepping over the guard and tossing in several flash bands. It was hard to tell from that point who did what.  The hail of bullets and casings pining to the floor with a hollow metallic ring was a rush of pure adrenaline that pushed John forward to the lift doors. Towards Sherlock.
"But it was obvious that Dr. Harlow, and the coroner's were working together and I should have seen the puncture mark behind the ear, They have been killing patients and selling organs on the black market for years and I missed it! I missed it and I'm stupid." Sherlock was almost whining he was so distressed by his mistake.
John just frowned at the speaking man. At Elliot. He was nearly as lovely as Sherlock. John couldn't help but think as ridiculous as it was that they would have beautiful babies. But that's not what comes out of John's mouth.
"So the girls in one room boys in the other?" Bishop fell into the sofa next to John and Pope already settled with their drinks.
Victor had always been able to render Sherlock useless, back at Eton he had manipulated Sherlock with the skill of the future con man he would become. Feeding on Sherlock’s insecurities like an Incubus. Their relationship has been abusive and drug fueled. Thought the haze of pain and drugs Sherlock had believed there was love underneath it all, Victor had used all his skill as a lover on Sherlock and that had clouded Sherlock's vision, and this would be how he learned that sex and love were in no way related. Victor would be his teacher.  Now here he was in all his glory to tear down Sherlock’s world to it’s foundation.
Helloo. The Cold East Wind here. Welcome to my first Uni AU. I wanted to give a little aside before we head to class. John and Sherlock are 26 and 21, respectively. I like to keep the age gap.
When last we saw our boys, John was reluctantly headed back into the field with Sherlock as the lure. Now...
John didn't know why but the thought of Sherlock contemplating Priest made him uneasy. Priest had not been one of his finer moments and had been a bad decision on every level. But Sherlock was right, he did have a weakness for beauty. Their relationship if you could call it that, had been significant only because they had worked closely together and the violent break up had effected his whole team, that being said...the sex had been in a word crazy. Passionate and demanding almost brutal, but love? No. John had never loved Priest and had never questioned the younger mans feeling for him. In hind sight perhaps he should have. John had known from the start that Priest was dangerous. He was irreverent stubborn and headstrong.  At first John had seen these as attractive moldable qualities, every member of Methos had their dark side, that's what made them all so very lethal. But Priest had given in to his completely and was beyond redemption and so he was put off the team.  John hadn't given any thought as to what Priest had become after Methos. But given his skill set and love of violence perhaps he should have.
“Well you know we spy boys have our ways. You on a job?” John was just a block away from the flat now.
"Sounds...interesting. How would it work?" Sherlock held out his  long arm and shook his glass for a refill. John obliged and topped his own off as well.
"Oh John don't be silly, I am happy. I have you." The words where meant to sound causal and lighthearted. But to John they were profound. To John they meant that everything he wanted for Sherlock was right there in him. His mind spun with possibly.  John chose his next question with care.
"Lidia, please do try to be less irritating." Irene picked up her coat and brushed past her, grabbing Sherlock by the sleeve on her way out.
John didn’t approach immediately he studied the man before him. John wondered how raw and frazzled his nerves must be, considering his own truly fucked mental state. They had been through much in the past seventy two hours.
The abandoned warehouse John had parked them behind was the epitome of cliche. But then again Sherlock had to admit it was cliche for a reason. Abandoned warehouses were the perfect place for clandestine activities, and wayward vagabonds both in real life and in every poorly (or well) written story they were featured in. This gave Sherlock a wicked idea.
"Sherlock. Go put some clothes on." John was using that tone that made everyone in the room stand a little straighter. Sherlock spoke not a word and was gone. Lestrade was impressed. John stood up put his shirt back on and waited. Sherlock came back out fully dressed in his Schofield and Smith midnight blue suit and tailored shirt to match. John wasn't sure this was much better considering the way the officer was still eyeing Sherlock's every move. In the mean time, the intruder came to. Lestrade, let Sherlock, question the man and he confirmed what Sherlock had thought. He'd been hired by the butcher as Sherlock had taken to calling him, he was told to come to this address, make certain that at least John lived there and then report back to the butcher. The intruder claimed to have no other connection to the man.
“J, wouldn’t let Pope wire the whole place. Too bad.” Voltaire’s smile was cheeky and made his eyes playful he leaned towards Sherlock with an out stretched hand, offering him an old Nokia mobile phone. There was one voice mail.  The taxi came to a light and Voltaire slipped out without so much as a nod.
“You. Dear God, I want you.” John let Sherlock’s hands and lips and tongue and teeth have their way. By the time they were done Sherlock’s trousers had joined John’s around his own ankles on the floor where they both now kneeled, John was sure that he would never get enough of the taste of himself coming from those perfect wicked lips. And that’s when John knew that this, in this way was never going to work.
"No time for honor at the moment Mr. Holmes. Your brother promised me he's on his way back to you. I ask that you see that he makes it as quickly and as safely as possible."
"Well then." Sherlock looked down at his shoes a little dejected, unsure hands clapped behind his back.
John Watson. John Watson. John Watson. He said it different ways, softer, slowly, deeper. Sherlock lay on his back in bed and rolled the name over in his mind, on his tongue. Enjoying the sound of it, the feel of it, the man behind it. Sherlock wanted to dive into this man, have him do the same figuratively and literally, learn all there was to know about him, spend hours falling into him. Sherlock was intrigued by his desire, and also a little alarmed by it as well. John Watson was a newly discovered entity in his world. A human being that he was drawn to.
STOP! This chapter had blasphemous overtones. It is not intended to offend, its simply how I see things.
“I wouldn’t say same circles.” John stabbed his knife into the dirt effectively cleaning it of blood and gore. “Perhaps they overlap a bit, but not the same.”
“You’re not a complete idiot, you know why.” Sherlock shrieked at John and made to snatch away embarrassed by John’s question and frustrated with his strength. He found the hold John had on him was far too tight. But Sherlock didn’t care, he would fight John’s grasp even if it was a losing battle. John didn’t understand. How could he? How could he know the plummeting darkness that invaded his mind, the solitary hell Sherlock would have to face without him. To go back...was unimaginable.
“To be so smart and so dumb. Do you think it’s going to go the way you want it to? That man wouldn’t look twice at a poof like you.”  Donovan’s voice dripped with false pity. She shook her head at Sherlock as if he were some poor lost fool and headed off. Sherlock felt the cuts of her words a little less deeply then usual, but he did feel them just the same.
"Me being me? You have no idea who I am, what I'm like or the slightest thing about me!" Sherlock pulled away from John at this point a little offended.
"Can I interest you in something?" Sherlock purred into Johns neck when he crawled under the covers next to him.
"So far the tameness of your question is as I had expected. I was  merely trying to be the interesting one." Sherlock refilled both glasses, John having sat both his glass and the scotch bottle down within reach from the sofa.
“You’re right. When he dies, fifty years from now, or fifty minutes, I will most certainly be quite broken. And yet...I won’t let that truth *or you*stop me.”
"What the hell? Why dose...?" It took Lestrade less then a seconds to realize what must have happened after he quickly scanned the area, looking for Sherlock and John."Oh bloody hell! Has no one told him about these two?"
"Alright, alright. What was the question? Something about sleeping. Yes. Okay. So how do I sleep? Yes? I sleep...all over, and naked. All of the above and none of the above. There."
"Not my boyfriend. You may want to see John Watson on that score though." Irene enjoyed the look of shock on Thomas's face, before it turned to a twisted rage. He grabbed Irene hard by her upper arm and pulled her up on her tip toes.
“Sooo. You have something for me?” Jim lightly drummed his fingers on the table and licked his lips in a wolfish grin. It was clear he wasn’t asking about uranium. John tried not to frown at the Irishman but it was becoming harder to ignore his tone.
“Sherlock, I’ve only ever tried to be a friend to you and yet you persist in trying to paint me as the villain. What a sad little life you must have. Now let me ask you a truth. Isn’t it true that you fucked the entire rugby team at your old uni, and that's why you transferred to Kings?" Thomas smiled at the crowd around him seeking like minded assholes. Paul giggled into his hand. All else was silent.
"No. Not for lack of trying. He wouldn't let me. I live two doors down." He smiles. "And I think that's where I'll be off to now."
“I’d like that.” John was sincere, he hadn’t played rugby in years but he would love to get out there in the mud.
“Hello Mercy.” Her voice was uncharacteristically heavy the two simple words saying more then they should. “What is it?”
Sherlock wanted to give John his privacy he really did but he’d known the call was from Mercy which could only mean one thing. A job. Where now? Sherlock thought, hell itself? Sherlock sprang up from the sofa and began to pace the room occasionally casting glances towards the master suite. He wanted to run to John throw his arms around him and just stay until time ran out...
John faced Sherlock from his own arm pillow unable to do anything but smile in the face of love and beauty. The fireworks outside their windows lite both the room and Sherlock in a surreal kaleidoscope. "You passing muster was never in question." John's own voice breathy but not from fatigue, he brushed Sherlock's cheek with the pad of his thumb and smiled.
Sherlock felt the drug crawl up his arm, and radiate into his chest but before his mind gave in to the abyss, he had one shining moment of ocean blue clarity. He didn't want this. This slow ugly spiral into heart wrenching pain. He wanted John. Bright and beautiful. Solid and strong. His Jawn. He let the syringe that he'd owned for more years then he could remember shatter to the floor, and called out to John with all that was left of him, as his vision failed to a pen hole.
"I told you! You fuckin wanker!" The criminal pointed at Sherlock as he yelled. John flinched a bit at the curse, holding back his urge to protect.
“Both are perfect disrciptions, and both are wrong. From the first time you looked at me with that other worldly blue green gold gaze of yours...I’ve been hopelessly falling. Stunningly prepossessing that’s what you are. And that’s what I call you in my head. Now can we stop talking?” John sat his drink down and leaned in.
~Listen here you little twat! I haven’t spoken to John *yet* but if you keep up this way, I’ll go track him down right this minute. I’m trying to give you time to do the right thing~
Fine. He would just have to go to the shops himself. Fine. Sherlock snatched the door open and was stunned to see a flyer for the next Truth or Dare taped to his door. Oh! The game was on.
“Good to know I’m not *alone on the water.*” John pulled back and kissed the tip of Sherlock’s nose. They separated just enough for Sherlock to put John back together and then himself. John stripped his glove off turning it inside out and shoving it into his pocket.
Second, John hadn’t really expected anyone to be foolish enough to try to execute a hit on him while he was on a job. He’d been wrong about that too. But not expecting something and not being prepared were two vastly different things. John was always prepared.
"The Russians offered to wipe out Trevor's debts if he could deliver Sherlock to them drugged and docile. Trevor knew about Sherlock's past drug use, the Russians knew about Trevor."
"It's not a gift, it's something you need if you're going to be out there in the cold watching me play." Sherlock opened the plane brown paper bundle.
So a few things before we get started. 2.14 stone, is 30lbs. Just in case you didn't know. I didn't know. And the song Sherlock dances to is "Come Back For Me." By James Young. I highly recommend listening to it. Now lets make things right, if you will.
“What do you want from me Sherlock? " John stalked back to his bedside. "The actual heart from my chest? Because that’s all I have left to give. It’s all yours. Has been. Will be, until my last. So tell me what do you want?”
“Careless or not it would seem that the Haakon situation garnered you some attention. Attention that I do not wished be focused on my brother.” Mycroft’s voice pitched just a little too high.
John lay against Sherlock's chest, still inside him, Sherlock's long legs loosely wrapped around John, both light headed floating and dangerously close to speaking the words that had led them to this moment. Sherlock ran his hands down John's back and smacked his bottom as he disentangled himself. John watched him walk across the room with unconscious grace. Sherlock came back to bed with a clean flannel. John jerked at Sherlock's intimate touch. "You were perfect." Sherlock kissed John's chest.
Mycroft looked mildly surprised slightly cheeky and mostly disinterested.  He was hard to pin down. John had to wonder if Mycroft had known all along that he was alive and hoped that Sherlock would play the forlorn lover for a time and then simply move on. He had misjudged the depth of his brothers feelings. And it had almost cost Sherlock his life. John had taught Sherlock that his life was no longer his to take.
John and the Russian lunged for each other at the exact same time, momentum on the side of whoever seized it. Rage was a powerful motivator, but something more drove John, something else made John drop his own knife and grab the Russian’s right wrist, spin the man around and drive the mans own knife into his throat with a wet crunch. Something else entirely. John let the man fall to the floor and stood back watching him sputter through his last breath.
"John has nothing to do with this." Sherlock said softly not wanting to have John tangled up in the ugliness. "And I don't think Thomas is out to physically hurt me. None of the other participants were harmed in that way and I can't see why I would suffer a dissimilar fate."
“You know...” Sherlock turned in time to see John strip his t-shirt off one handed and then began to kick out of his jeans.”I wouldn’t turn down some company. Join me?” John was naked, and Sherlock’s gaze traveled and transformed as it did. What started as wolffish hunger at the sight of John’s cock  turned to ardent delight when he reached John’s smile.
"Keep giving me cheek, and I'll make the questions harder." John's warning was meant to be stern, but came out sounding tempting to Sherlock's ears. So Sherlock countered.
"I don't see how." Irene responded, Sherlock was already retreating into his mind to find the connection between Greyson, and Thomas.
"Fine. But this means that you'll pay close attention at that game tomorrow night, and you'll answer all my questions after." Sherlock picked up her pack of cigarettes and lit one on his way out the door.
"Yes John, upset. Keep up." Sherlock knew that he was provoking John, but he couldn't help it. Sarcasm was his default defense mechanism. He also felt that he deserved whatever wrath John had for him.
“It turned out to be a bit of a rough ride Sir. I thought to spare you.” John spoke without turning away from the window.
John sipped at his tea then rested his forearms causally on his knees cup hanging lossy in between his hands his L96A1 layed a cross his lap.
Now when last we looked in on our boys, someone had decided that John and Sherlock weren’t a good fit and saw fit to keep them apart. John is having none of that shit. From anyone. So here we go...
"Sherlock says he's the one behind this whole thing from the beginning in Moscow. I think he's right Mercy."
John sighed. He knew that when Sherlock got something in his head it was a losing battle and it was best to find the lest destructive way to get him what he wanted.
"Sherlock, please." John rested his head in the curve of Sherlock's neck near tears his need was so great. "Please." Sherlock could hear the ache in John's voice and made to sit up.
Once aboard Moran laied Sherlock in the seats next to John like the precious package he knew him to be. Sherlock's head rested in John's lap curls plastered to his scalp with sweat, his skin pasty and gray, his eyes hollow dark and death like. John just stared down at him, relieved. Sherlock reached a hand up in a clumsy attempt to push back John's balaclava and failed. John was more then happy to pull if off for him.
"Bleeding." John cast his eyes down to the busted stitches. Sherlock's eyes roamed a little farther, but then came back to the task at hand. John had to admit that Sherlock was excellent at suturing, his violinist fingers where nimble and delicate. John wished for all the world that the man had been more heavily handed, because the light touches on his skin, Sherlock's curls falling forward and brushing his chest, coupled with all that pale naked skin so close. John was using every single day of military training he'd ever had to keep from getting a raging hard on.
"You've been gone for ages." Sherlock dropped his voice low, and let his slender fingers brush the trail of soft black hair on  his milky thigh absently as he spoke.
“I am....intimately aware of who you are Sir.” John felt his pulse kick up at the thought of intimacy. Now he was getting drawn into the game this kitten was playing.
"Shut up." The steel, the anger, the force, where unmistakable. John rippped Sherlock out of his Belstaff, and pushed him back into his chair. John heeled out of his shoes and threw off his own jacket, placing a knee in between Sherlock thighs, leaning into a ferocious kiss. Sherlock tried to reach for Johns waist only to have his hands smacked away. John stood, and Sherlock held his breath as he watched John strip, down to his pants.
"Well it doesn't look like I'll be needed here after all." A lilting American voice drifted from the doorway as Elliot Prince walked in. "John Watson. I'd know you anywhere. I've been competing against your ghost from the start. I knew I'd never win. Not really. That's why I sent you the letter. And the invitation. He writes them to you constantly. Hundreds of them. Once maybe twice a day, all of them short, like thoughts that linger in his head that need to get out and then he burns them. After he'll play the violin for hours, sad beautiful pieces that sound like longing and loss."
The wait was short but agonizing. Sherlock normally looked at death with a clinical detachment, seeing it for the first time so clearly as personal and deeply meaningful was crippling.
I urge you to Google “The Craig, Scotland.” If I were anything more then a writer, I would have a link posted here. But I’m not, so I don’t. And I’m sorry. Go look at The Craig, if for no other reason then to see the lovely green bedroom John and Sherlock would share.
“Beauty and brains. It only takes one Russian to spirit you away. The rest of them will die trying.” John smiled.
"It's you." His voice was low and horse yet carried a note of calm. "John. It's always you." Sherlock smiled and faded out. John breathed a sigh relief. Moran got his attention from across the way. John put on his headset.
“It is relevant. If it weren’t, I wouldn’t be here. So, again how are you feeling?” John’s voice was firm and brokered no argument.
A  knock on the downstairs door accompanied by a familiar voice brought Sherlock out of his revelry and to his feet, it also brought John to the threshold of the kitchen door holding two steamy cups smiling broadly stark naked. Sherlock’s eyes immediately snapped to John’s naked bits. Shit! Lestrade was moving up the seventeen steps far too quickly for any solution other then a blockade of sorts.
“Good. Let’s keep this simple then shall we. I want to take this place just like we would any other whore. Hard and fast. Over.”
"Stop being petty! I don't care who knows my name, and I don't give a damn if you want to talk! I'm not going to let you muck this up!"
But a warm rumble penetrated the cold from time to time. Had it been there since the start? John wanted to go wherever it was.
"Why won't he talk to me?" The steel authority of John's voice did little to hide the underlying pain, or at least it didn't to Irene's ears. She had been dreading this conversation and avoiding John for days and by the sound of things with good reason.
"Eloquently put." They walked in silence towards class. Irene spotted John first heading their way. He stopped right in front of Sherlock completely invading what would be considered his personal space.
"Thank God, that's over." John stands on tiptoe and brushes a chaste kiss on Sherlock's lips. "Now let's go get married." Sherlock giggles, so dose John and they loop arms and head for the alter.
"He was going after Sherlock. His back was turned.  What was I supposed to do?" John looked innocent.
Jim had lapsed into French certain Sherlock would understand. He had of course but still. Rude, even in Sherlock’s eyes and that was saying something. What Jim hadn’t bargained for was that John would too.
John came out of the dream with a sharp inhalation and an agonizing  hard on. Holy fuck! John gripped his cock and barely made three tugs before he was spilling hot cum over his clenched fist and Sherlock from his mouth. Fuck he missed him!
“So now I’m yours?” Sherlock was in a playful mood, having been away from John for what felt like a long time, being back in his presence now made Sherlock almost giddy.
There was a deadly silence on the on the other end. Mercy waited, John was pissed and she knew it. Better to wait then to poke at the beast.
"Secret." That was the last word Sherlock heard from Johns lips as he fell over completely and was engulfed by emergency personnel. Sherlock looked on in paralyzed anguish, his view completely obstructed yet unwavering, lest he miss the slightest glimpse of John.
John smiled and enjoyed the warmth and weight of his love in the crisp London air he couldn’t remember a time he’d ever been this happy. “I’ve told you, I want to meet the people you work with on a daily basis.”
John let his hands travel Sherlock’s narrow waist feeling the warmth of the sinewy muscles of his back move under his touch he ran his hands down to the small of his back up to his shoulder blades and then retraced his hands along the path they had taken. John sighed and pulled away again, this time out of arms reach. Sherlock looked bemused.
“You know that this,” John stepped in close and  put his hand over Sherlock heart. “what we are isn’t that? That you’re more then that to me? Everything in fact. Nothing about us was ever part of the job.”
“Consulting dick?! Forensic scientist I’ll have you know, theoretical physicist, a botanist, a chemist and a private detective all in one. I lend assistance, to a Detective Inspector Lestrade, and his woefully inept team of subordinates when their out of their depth. Which is always. Mostly.”
"James Harper. Third year. American. He didn't seem overly bothered by it. Now can we please talk about your night?" Irene lit another cigarette.
"Yes well, I guess it isn't really a secret is it now." Sherlock watched John move about his room like it was his own.
John’s rooms were naturally right across from his assets. They had been on the run together for nearly two weeks and even this small amount of distance felt wrong. But what was John supposed to say? “I can’t be that far away from him so I’ll just be sleeping in here thank you very much.” Fuck. What the fuck. Now he was standing here in his room with his back against the door looking down at his cock as if it had willfully betrayed him. This was never going to go away on its own. John had always been a man in control of his body, hell he was a surgeon for fuck sake, not to mention one of the most accurate shots in England, now this waif, this sinful cherub, this kitten had him wanking violently in the dark of his room before an important meeting. Had he not felt every bone in his body was about to snap from the force of his orgasm he would have laughed at the absurdity of it all.
"Really John? This is our starting point." Sherlock rolled his eyes and let his head fall back exasperated.
"Tons. I'm always cold. Next question. And don't be boring." Sherlock, rose with all his languid feline grace from the sofa and padded across the room to rifle through cousin Brandabas's, drink selection. He came back with a crystal cut decanter of cognac. John watched the man sink down next to him on the floor and before he could stop himself the next question was out.
“Fuck all if you don’t too.” John countered sounding a bit less outraged then he’d intended. They both laughed.
“Hello John. How may I help you. Have you come to break me out of this hell hole?” Sherlock gestured dramatically from his reclined position on the bed.
"What the bloody hell does that mean?" A smile in John's voice. Sherlock found himself trying to stifle a laugh and sip scotch simultaneously with dignity, and found it was an exercise in futility. He wound up sputtering and giggling, which sent John into a fit of his own.  They spent the next couple of minutes trying and failing to right themselves and behave like adults. Finally Sherlock gained enough control to speak albeit breathless and teary eyed.
Sherlock listened only halfheartedly to Donovan’s words. John was across the room laughing and talking with Lestrade like old mates. The picture of them both made Sherlock feel a warmth that blocked out the normal bite of Sally’s ire for the most part. But then she ventured into dangerous ground. Her words made Sherlock snap to attention.
For a moment Paul, gave John an odd twitchy look like a bird, giving his eyes an even more disturbing quality that made John's skin crawl.
In order to kill four grown men in their homes, in their sleep, one needs to be clever. This man was. So much so that he had even managed to send Sherlock a clue through his lackey. Hornsey Wood Reservoir, is what the idiot had said first, when he told Sherlock the meeting place he had later changed it to Finsbury Park. And even though the two where close in distance there was no way for even the foolish to confuse the two. The lackey must have himself met the butcher at Hornsby Wood. That's where Sherlock would find him. Getting away from New Scotland Yards finest, well that was the easy part. Sherlock could be quite the actor when the need called for it. The hard part, had been not responding to Johns text. He knew that John would worry. He knew that John would come after him. But Sherlock had to ignore the guilt? He felt. This monster needed to be dealt with, innocence people where dying and as if that weren't enough, he had hurt John. And that Sherlock would simply not let stand.
"Don't you care? I know how important your studies are to you." John tried to speak but kissing was more important.
“We would like to make you an offer.” Russian. The man at the far end with the thick neck full of gold and tattoos spoke.
Sherlock knew what John was trying to do so he took a deep breath through his nose, he steadied himself sat up and moved his naked form from between John’s legs to the foot of the bed sitting crossed legged back impossibly straight. He could feel the sting at the back of his eyes begin to betray him. But no. None of that. John had asked a question. Best get to it. Sherlock jutted his chin pinned a pretty smile on, and jumped in.
“And thats why I love him.” John thought as naturally as breathing, before the second thought of “Ho-ly Fuck!” blared in his head.
Sherlock Mercy and Cardinal were deep in conversation on the balcony and didn't spare them a glance. Cardinal gave them a brief but deadly glare. The boys laughter died nervously.
"Of course." He said quickly, as he turned to leave and John was sure he spotted tears in his eyes. John could sympathize.
"You will never touch John Watson again." Sherlock had positioned the killer in front of the table where he wanted him, that had been the reason for the circling and stalking, the reason Sherlock had pushed himself close enough to get cut, to end this. Sherlock, pressed his advantage and shoved the man hard into the table behind him. He fell back against the wood, sending a clatter of metal to the ground his own knife with it and he looked behind him to see it all rain down, and that's when Sherlock struck the fatal blow. Sherlock dropped his own weapon and crowed into this monsters personal space he placed one large hand at the back of the mans head and held his chin with the other, their eyes met for the briefest of seconds shocked disbelief meeting cold determination before Sherlock twisted sharply with all the force he could muster, snapping the mans neck in one smooth motion.
“Christ you’re beautiful.” John said the words as his hands and trace over flesh as smooth and white as marble.
Lestrade, rubbed a hand over his face. He was so done with Sherlock Holmes and John Watson and their bullshit.
"Yes, yes of course. Nicked liver, quite a bit of blood loss." Sherlock swayed noticeably on his feet at the words. Lestrade put a steadying hand on his shoulder.
"Yes John all that was glaringly obvious. I was talking about now. With the time that we're cooped up. I don't suppose cousin Brandabas has a Cluedo game laying around somewhere."
“Yes yes Gerald, yes. I’ll be there, lovely, yes quite lovely thank you goodbye.” All in one breath as the door slammed home.
“Two years. So none of them have family. But of course not, that would compromise them." Sherlock pulled a frown and let his words trail off. “Tea?”  He threw the word over his shoulder bounding up from the sofa not waiting for an answer. The gears were turning and John could tell Sherlock had hit on a subject that made him somehow uncomfortable.
John looked away from his scope and waited for Cardinal to surface from the chaos. He pushed up his balaclava and  breathed a sigh of relief when her voice crackled to life in his ear.
John was quit. His hands stopped. He sat up straight. He turned his head a bit and pursed his lips, eyes narrowed and hard.
“It’s safety is no longer our problem. For the moment. The rooms at the Maryborough are yours for as long as you want them. Her majesty thanks you for your service. Until next time.”
"I've got labs all day, and apparently practice later, don't forget to pay close attention tonight and collect all the useful data you can!" Sherlock called after her. To which Irene just raised her middle finger in the air.
“There’s no such thing as perfection John. Perfection is, broadly, a state of completeness and flawlessness. Nothing, lest of all me, is without its flaws.”
John watched the stark white digits against his black clothing and realized he had a thing for Sherlock’s long delicate fingers. Hell he had a thing for every facet of the gorgeous man. John chuckled at the easy  lust that flared up between them. How they craved each other at the slightest touch and became hard at the notion of more. God the more. The things John wanted with this man. Right here in this alley. And beyond. Not just this visceral need but there had been an emotional thread sown between them as well and John was eager to see what it would become.
“So you believe I’m here for some other reason, and just so happened to drop by and save your life en route?”
“You’ve slept with him haven’t you? Sherlock. Not the Crown Prince.” Moriarty was blunt. John didn’t answer. So Jim pressed on. “Is he sweet? He looks sweet. Like candy floss.” Jim sighed and leaned heavily into Sebastian as he asked.
John just watched him for a second through narrowed eyes. John glanced at his asset who was still shivering and had tried to curl in on himself during the chaos. He looked back at Six, still begging for his life.
John walked up the seats separating them, and extended his hand. "John Watson. Captain of the kings men, and pleased to meet you Sherlock Holmes." John didn't so much shake Sherlock's hand as he did hold it and run his own calloused thumb over Sherlock's smooth knuckles.
John heaved himself to a standing position and ripped off the life saving kevlar vest. No one ever talked about the pain that was left from the impact of the bullets. Kevlar could only do so much and a 9 mm round was nothing to play with. The bruising and cracked ribs. Fuck. But John had no time to dwell on that now. Now, he needed to get Sherlock back. Methos, and Salis could worry about the uranium.
Paul spoke first. “I’m sure you’ve all had a chance to familiarize yourselves with the rules plainly written on the ground here. So let’s waste no time. Who would like to start us off?”
"You really don't know how relationships work do you?" John shook his head. "Yes I'll help you, in this and in all things. Without question."
John stayed silent. And although fairly dangerous was a literally laughable descriptions of his skill, John could tell that some how this man knew that. Fairly dangerous was one wolf. John was a pack of Alpha’s. Mercy’s words from their time in Kandahar, or was it Kabul, not his. Time to change the subject.
Sherlock rolled his head into the touch his eyes fluttered closed and a soft moan slipped from his lips into John’s mouth as he pulled Sherlock a fraction closer. There was no urgency, this was slow languid exploration. This was John learning Sherlock. Learning how to coax, the sweet sounds, and sharp breaths, that made his own pulse race. John pulled back and watched Sherlock blink and come back to the world. This was Sherlock surrendering to the pull of the sun, basking in the light and feed by warmth.
“Oh don’t be like that. I missed you.” The man was indeed handsome just as he'd always been. He wore a suit jacket and tie with a bottom up and jeans it was an almost shabby look but on him it fit.
Hello. The Cold East Wind here. First let me say I'm so very sorry I've been away so long, I have missed you all immensely! Second, I hope all your holidays were Merry and Bright! And I hope you enjoy this little gift from me.
At some point in his speech Sherlock had stood up, and John realized with something akin to elation that Sherlock was taking off his clothes as he spoke. By the time he was done talking he was standing inches away from John, completely utterly beautifully naked.  The fire light danced over the pale canvas touching things John had only dreamt of, and he found that he was quite jealous of the fire light in that moment.
John gently raked his fingers up the back of Sherlock's neck into his curls and kissed the prominent C7 vertebrae. Sherlock would have laughed at John's doctor like accuracy had his heart not been breaking.
"Yes love. Fuck yes love." John was tangled in Sherlock's arms and legs and both of their savage need.  Sherlock was lost to a world that was nothing but John and more and please, please, please.
“Sherlock, you know the first part of the the plan the rest is simple...” John wasn’t surprised he was cut off.
"You're not going to like it. But not much we can do really, except ride the storm out here and wait for your brother to come get us."
“Well then you should expect much indeed.” Sherlock advance winding his arms back in place and smothered his face in John’s neck.
"For you to give yourself to me like this...it's everything." Sherlock's eyes sparkled with unshed tears of thanks and a love that would outlast time.
Sherlock stood and cleared his throat. "Sorry Molly, we weren't meant to get caught, it's only been...? Oh forty five minutes. Sorry again, didn't mean to offend." Sherlock checked the corners of his mouth.
Always hiding in the dark and shadows." Sherlock taunted the man, hoping to draw him out. But this psychopath was not goaded. Instead he was the one doing the provoking.
Sherlock stared down into his glass of scotch. He loved John so much. Sherlock tossed back the liquor and leaned in he placed his hand on John’s chest. “Here goes.” John let his hand holding the tumbler fall to his side, the other he reached up and tangled into Sherlock’s curls. Their lips met warm and smoky with scotch too deep and passionate for public they stopped but didn’t break apart.
"So then I am correct in my deduction that you or rather your...that is to say you have...ah...a." Sherlock stammered.
“I’ve seen you naked. Tasted your flesh. Fuck all if you’re not perfection.” The “F” rolling long and pronounced by John’s Scottish brogue.
Sherlock nodded, with no intention of leaving this mans side ever again. He stood just inch away now still unable to speak. All he could do was act on the flood of Dopamine, Norepinephrine and Serotonin threatening to overwhelm him.
John got a scotch from the bar and made his way to a corner cocktail table. Bidders trickled in, John watched for any familiar faces and after a brief wait spotted three. Two of which John had expected the third had nearly knocked him on his ass. This must be the beautiful new protégé Moran had mentioned.  Well Moran had gotten one part right at least he was beautiful. But he was far from new and he was no ones protège.
Sherlock paused, on the edge of saying something glib, he wasn’t accustom to being told what to do, and even less so with actually complying.
"No. I need John. No. That's not right. Wrong. John. John needs me. I have to go...go with them." Sherlock turned toward the ambulance where John was being loaded, a confused frown crossed his face. The gears of his mind had ground to a halt. Frozen, by this feeling, that was spreading from his chest, and now corrupting his mind.
“No. We can be together later, because there’s nothing to discuss.” John nodded and pulled Sherlock in for a kiss. It lingered almost spilling over into something else. John broke the kiss with a gentle suck, teeth pulling at Sherlock’s bottom lip.
The cab ride home was quite. Both occupants in thought. Once upstairs they took to their respective chairs still just as quite but a bit less confused having been forced to take a closer look at recent events. John could only speak for himself, but things had been...warmer between them of late, nothing too grand, it just seemed that they where...leaning into each other, pulled physically closer, brushing the backs of their hands together unable, or unwilling to be apart for long, finding the smallest reason for nearness or accidental touch. John took the first step.
“Then John John, gets thrown out of Kings, just like all the rest of the freaks and yes, my uncle will make sure that he’s turned away from every other uni in England. And if some how that doesn’t work, so help me god if I have to spend every penny I own I’ll make damn sure of it!”
"Speaking of the queen, where is Sherlock?" Thomas thought himself clever. He always thought he was clever, rarely was he right.
"Yes John." Sherlock stood and was led from the kitchen by the man he loved for the second time today.
"Cheers Molly." John said sluggishly eyes still closed his head lolled and his arms hung loosely at his sides as Sherlock, tucked him away.
They say when you’re dying your life flashes before your eyes. John wasn’t sure that was entirely true. Because not a single thing passed through his minds eye except Sherlock Holmes. But then again perhaps it was. Sherlock had become his life in such a short time. When you find the person you are made to love, time becomes irrelevant. Boundaries fade and whats conventional becomes blurred. Love. Their love. It was the kind of thing that people wrote fluffy unbelievable stories about. Love that lives outside of normal confines. Love that would not conform, would not be put in it’s place. Soul deep and unending.  Till death...
Sherlock Holmes. Age 27. Iq 190. Holy hell! John whistled through his teeth.  He glanced over at the genius, and found those unusual eyes trained on him. Right then. First contact John thought.
Sherlock half laughed at John’s worry over him. “John I’m fine. Thomas has an incredibly broken nose, shattered even. But I’m just fine John really.”
The truth or dare followed the same rules as had the one before it. With one notable difference. D'Lacy, seemed to take a passive approach at running the game. Giving suggestions and goading players in the direction he wanted. John was not an admirer of anything fake, so when presented with it, it seemed glaringly obvious to him. Most of the truths and dares where centered around something sexual or secret or both. Some were silly, take all your kit off and put it back on upside down, sing your favorite childhood cartoon theme song in character. But the majority were the former and not the latter. John didn't know what the end game was, but he had to agree with Sherlock. Something was off. The last dare of the night was a young woman named Netty Gilmore. Paul dared her to run through the ad-mit building naked. She stripped, was given a very small blanket to wrap in, and was told to live stream it as she went. Everyone watched on their mobiles as the deed was done. Netty, returned to a cheering crowd high off adrenaline, she put her kit back on and the night came to a close as the players left one by one. When only John and Paul remained John ventured a question.
He sat there for an hour or so, watching the man sleep as had become his custom. He looked to John like one of those Italian cherubs all grownup. Very grown up. And very tempting. John had never slept with one of his assets. It wasn’t his style, he was more then capable of bedding whoever, whenever. So sleeping with someone in a vulnerable situation (which most of his assets where in) was less then appealing. But this brash genius was in fact baiting him. John sighed. What to do?
“Clearly, but our Charlie still lives very close to the closet so until he's comfortable we don't push. How could you tell ?”
Paul, recoiled, in shock and shame. Sherlock could see himself briefly in Paul’s, destroyed expression. But only for a second. Because John stepped in and changed everything.
"If you must know John, cousin Brandabas, calls this his shag cabin. Hence the copious amounts of liquor and the unrealistic supply of condoms."
“Do you think so?" John said eyes closed as he enjoyed letting himself be explored, his arms looped around Sherlock’s waist.
"We could make our own flyers!" This time it was John and Sherlock who spoke excitedly in tandem, causing them to break into bubbling laughter that dissolved into kissing, that was fast becoming...
"Not that you harlot. You have fourteen more questions." John tried not to be drawn in by Sherlock's hand now sliding down his own long frame casually brushing his fingers over his cock and casting John a hot look that he was becoming rapidly familiar with.  "On second thought, maybe you're right, the questions can wait." Halfway to a kiss already.
Irene calmly pulled out a cigarette and lit it. "Well that's a chance I'll just have to take, because I'm not going to let you fuck this up." She slammed the door on her way out.
Sherlock, backed against the wall nearest the bed and braced his legs apart, he let his hands travel his body and caress himself as he held John’s wrapped attention. Sherlock watched John’s eyes follow his every move and the man looked ready to pounce. Sherlock never gave up control to his lovers, ever. Everything that happened only took place if he allowed it. Orchestrated it. Getting people to do what he wanted was one of his many specialty’s and in the bedroom was no different. But here now in this moment, he wanted to surrender himself to his urges. And to John’s. Endurance be damned!
"I can hardly see how you could be angry. Not only was this man a killer, and a horrible person it was more or less self-defense."
This chapter is lovingly dedicated to the always magnificent PatPrecieux...why you may say? If you know Pat you know why. If not well for the sheer joy of putting a smile on her face. Let's hope it works.
There is a little bit of autoerotic asphyxiation, very brief mention. But if it’s a trigger in any way be warned.
John stood took the plush blue scarf and looped it around Sherlock's neck, letting his fingers deliberately brush the slider column causing a visible shaver in the younger man.  John smile at the reaction he had won. John leaned in speaking the words close to Sherlock's ear. "Now it's perfect." And brushed a kiss to his cheek. "See you at the game. Goodbye Irene." Sherlock felt a heat rise in his face.
Jim gave him a look but said nothing, just turned his binoculars back to the open window. John and Sherlock’s open window.
"I don't know, it's not so bad." One corner of John's mouth turned up in a boyish grin.  Sherlock found that he was drawn in by that smile and felt pleasantly compelled to return it as well.
"Sherlock, Mrs. Hudson told me to let myself up, so here I am." He stopped just inside the door and waited for John and Sherlock to right themselves.
“Because I wanted to.” John smiled at the soft touch. “And because someone should have done it years ago”
“That is in part true.” Sherlock confessed. What he didn’t say was that he’d never really had a specific type because he had never seen a future with anyone. “But not for the reasons you think. In the past I had no real picture of my Vitruvian Man. Therefore I had no type for you to fall short of. There was an unintentional pun in there. Sorry.” Sherlock waved a hand gesture and did something between a grimace and a suppressed laugh. John rolled his eyes and smiled.
“Maybe if I loved you less I could talk about it more.”  That one was true, but not romantic in the lest.
"Not really according to the rule book, but for you I'll bend the rules sure." Hell I'll shatter all the rules of this world for you. John wanted to say. "It's Shakespeare. The whole skull and all."
Whatever horrible thing you must surely be thinking of me this moment please don’t. I was summoned home to London on important business that demanded my immediate attention. I had no choice. If I had, I would have chosen you. These aren’t words I use but: please forgive me. I want nothing more then to be back in bed with you. Or anywhere with you for that matter. I’m sorry John. Keep your head down and when you’re in London come see me. Please. 221B Baker St.
"Male." Sherlock glared at him, with a hint of impishness. John felt awash in heat at the single telling word.
“This is no safe house.” Sherlock moved about the room running his fingers over all the little details that were so obviously John. “Well it is, and it isn’t. This is your room. And this is Mercy’s home. Tartarus was your idea. Judgment. The last judgment. Which is you. And no mercy. Her. Both of which resides in Tartarus. The only thing I can’t work out is this...are you all the Titans imprisoned here? Or the tourtured souls?”
“You have the power to make it stop. You want me out of Sherlock’s life for his safety. Well the truth of the matter is he wasn’t all that safe before I came along. I am the best at what I do, and I love your brother.”
Sherlock was cornered. Obviously there were a thousand different ways out of this situation but Sherlock couldn't see a single one. What he could see was the look of love and adoration that always shone in John's eyes turn into bitter disappointment. In the end Sherlock cursed himself for the worst kind of fool.
“Impressive but..no need for dick measuring Watson.” Moran shouldered his rifle and squeezed off two shots that leveled the remaining gunman and flashed John an arrogant smile. “I hear tell we’re well matched. It would seem you and I traveled in the same circles.”
“With that said, the best course of action is to use you to draw them out, find the location of the uranium...an..”
The young man who’d hurt Sherlock in so many ways was supposedly shipped off to a different school somewhere in Wales. Sherlock was never able to find a record of him. From then on he’d kept his distance with his lovers not that he’d been in any danger of falling for one of them, his lovers had at best been no more then tolerable and none had made any type of lasting impression. John Watson had changed the game entirely. John was the sun. Brilliant and powerful and necessary for life. He made Sherlock’s analytical mind work in poetic ways produced a well spring of emotion Sherlock hadn’t known himself capable of. Lust that distracted and consumed coupled with a beautiful heartache. Yes. John was the Sun. John was beyond Sherlock’s dreams. Sherlock’s dreams? Hell a dreams as grand as John had never even occurred to Sherlock. Now he found himself practically quoting Shakespeare and seriously contemplating a tattoo. Dangerous. Period.
(“But Mr. Holmes that’s just it. You already know the question.”) He dropped the cables back in the water without warning.
"Do try not to drown John darling, I would hate to have to explain it to The Yard." And with that his naked ass walked away.
Sherlock lay motionless on his stomach, arms cradling his dark head of curls, the sheet just coming to rest at the lush curve of his milky white bottom. Everything just reaffirmed John's love.
"You believing I'm some how too loud. Or even loud at all. I don't recall all this supposed noise you mentioned."
"I'll mend. I have a good doctor." Sherlock smiled prettily and leaned into the touch ever so slightly seemingly unaware of his own actions.
Once they were out of the room John walked over to Sherlock and took his up turned face in his hands and took Sherlock’s mouth with a soul deep fury. He sucked the breath form the mans lungs, licking his tongue inside Sherlock’s mouth possessively and biting his lips red in a hungry assault. Sherlock moaned and arched closer reaching, but John broke the contact.
Sherlock lay on his bed in the dark going over every second he'd spent with John Watson. Each one more prized then the last. Oh but the risk. With Thomas there had been pain, but mostly of pride. With John there would be so very much more. How had he let himself fall this far on so little. The thought of letting John in teetered between terrifying and thrilling.
“What dose the doctor order then?” Sherlock couldn’t keep his eyes open long enough to hear John’s answer.
“Hello, there Dr. Watson.” Irene offered a pretty red lipped smile. “Always a look of mild disappointment. Oh don’t fret, he’ll be right back.”
Helloo. The Cold East Wind here. This chapter tho relatively short is dedicated to the positively brilliant PATPRECIEUX. She is a force and if you’ve not read her work all I can say is...what the hell!? Treat yourself. Anywho, if you look closely you’ll see my little bit of theft from dear Pat, I hope she won’t press charges.
“Back into the heart of the lions den. Safest place to be, and the fastest place to end this. Is the helicopter ready?”
Sherlock was startled out of a dark solitary room in his mind palace by the cabbies light knock on the window, “We’re here mate. Fancy place this.”
"Alright then, let's talk about the unrealistic supply of condoms." Now John was the one laughing, and he too took another sip, well on his way to a nice mellow.
"Oh, it's just my friend here and I were having a debate. He said you were, and i said you weren't."  Irene winked at a shocked Sherlock and turned her charms on John, using her most seductive voice and a come-hither look if ever Sherlock had seen one. All of which was completely lost on John, because he hadn't taken his eyes off Sherlock.
Sherlock stood as John talked and took off his suit jacket and rolled up his cuffs before sitting back on the floor just a hair closer to John, now his long drawn out legs rested against John's from calf to thigh with Sherlock's toes occasionally brushing at John's waistband. The first contact make John giggle, the second made him burn. He shuddered to think what the third would do.
And lastly, when I started writing this it had very little direction. But now I can see more clearly were it's headed, so please keep an eye out for additional tags. Homophobia, homophobic language and possible mild violence.
“Make certain that he gets it. I’m ready.” Sherlock walked right past a very confused Voltaire with a hurried Bishop and Pope behind.
"Fuck, oh god fuck yes Sherlock, Jesus." Sherlock rocked his hips to met John's thrust, grinding into John grabbing John's bottom, grabbing his own cock and pumping into his fist in sharp jerky movements.
"Oh don't sell yourself short John, it took very much indeed." Sherlock had worked his way over to the tub by this time and Johns body had fallen under Sherlock's powerful spell and he was now fully erect, soothing waters be damned. Sherlock stepped into the tub, still wrapped in gray silk, his feet on either side of Johns hips. John watched Sherlocks movements, sure and graceful. Without a word Sherlock sank slowly down into the water and inch by inch seated himself firmly and fully onto Johns cock, Sherlock's head fell back in shared extacy and water slouched over the edge of the tub in time with  Sherlock's rhythmic bounce. John was sure he would die.
"Keep giving me cheek, and I'll make the questions harder." John's warning was meant to be stern, but came out sounding tempting to Sherlock's ears. So Sherlock countered.
John on the other hand was well and truly surprised by the Surgeon Racs limited sniper rifle Sherlock gifted him.
The sadness of Sherlock's words was a gut punch to John, and he found himself wishing that all of Sherlock's past pains were his. When he'd first met Sherlock his brilliance had out shined his humanity at times, yet at others he was the picture of human kindness. And though he could be socially inept he was never cruel or hateful, unkind perhaps when provoked but never malicious. Malice was for fools. In truth everything that Sherlock did was an act of kindness. He didn't solve cases for notoriety or money. He did it to save lives. Sherlock looked down into his empty glass not ready to meet John's gaze. John had no words. What he did have was a near overwhelming need to hold Sherlock close and shield him from the world. And so he simply rested his hand on Sherlock's leg just above the knee and rubbed gently. Sherlock chanced a glance up and found a soft bright smile that spoke louder than any words could have. But John spoke the words anyway.
