“No, I’m good,” Cas answered, drying of his hands on the towel hanging from a cupboard doorknob. After throwing away empty food cans and placing half empty boxes back inside the pantry, he sat down at the island in the center of the cramped kitchen, across from where Dean was already sitting, sipping his water. Castiel was surprised he hadn’t grabbed a beer.
“I’m fine,” Cas muttered, falling back against the leather of his seat and placing a hand on his side. It was beginning to hurt. “I need to take my meds.”
“Don’t bother arguing, angel,” Dean sang, “You have no say in the matter. So get dressed and I’ll carry your books like a good boyfriend, okay?”
“Yes, but it’s been nine years, I hear. And apparently, he almost killed you. My point is, we need him to admit it – we need him to admit that he had the intent to kill. The names of his accomplices would be nice, too. He asked for you, maybe he wants to tell you why he did…what he did.”
A loud knocking on the car window pulled Dean out of his mind. He turned, startled, toward the passenger side door, only to see Castiel standing worriedly on the sidewalk, suitcase slung over his shoulder, panting like he’d just sprinted a 5K. Dean just stared for a few seconds before it registered that he should probably open the door.
That night, Cas packed up the things he’d manage to collect as his own and stuffed them into a large bag pack he’d stolen five towns over. He showered and cleaned his wounds, wincing as the water poured over the cuts and bruises from the beating he’d received. The angels hadn’t even recognized him; they called him “Jimmy” - the name Cas had decided to use until he was safe again. They must have assumed he was a human, but Castiel could tell they were angels; he recognized the way that they fought. He would have fought back, but he was afraid that his tactics and moves would give away his true identity. So he let them kick his ass.
"I want to kiss you again," Cas started, "and I think I will want to for a long time. Is that normal?"
“Yes, sir,” Dean responds, earning him an eye roll from Cas. He does as he’s told and soon they’re curled up in bed together, falling asleep to the sound of classic rock lullabies and Jack’s soft breathing coming from the babycam on the dresser.
It’s then that he hears it, the flap of wings. He opens his eyes and Cas is standing in front of him. Dean practically jumps to his feet.
“Why should I stay if you’re going off on your own?” Cas asked, voice louder than he intended. He looked up when he felt the sofa cushion dip beside him. Dean’s eyes were bright, and if he looked hard enough, Cas could almost see a smile starting to form on Dean’s lips.
“Alright, gang, lunch is finished but I, um, lost a fight with the baked goods, so I’m going to change and then I’ll be right back!” Cas is in and out of the den before anyone can get a word in, the sound of her bare feet echoing down the hall.
“Yes, sir,” Cas agrees, practically running to the door to lock it. Dean follows him, and when Cas turns around, Dean pushes him back against the door, jams a knee between his legs and makes him gasp. He grabs both of Castiel’s smaller wrists in one of his hands and traps them above his head.
“Dean,” Cas started again, but then Dean sat up and looked at him, his face reddened, fresh tears threatening to fall from his eyes.
Dean just stared at Cas for half a minute, and then turned toward the door. Cas watched as he paused under the doorframe, gripping it until his knuckles paled. Cas opened his mouth to speak, but no sound came out.
“What? Cas, no no no, look at me,” Dean pulls out a chair and sits directly in front of the fallen angel. He leans forward and plants his hands on Cas’s knees, pleads, “Look at me, Cas.”
“This was Sam’s shirt,” Dean said plainly, continuing his movements. “He gave it to me when he grew out of it. Damn overgrown kid,” Dean’s hands fell from his shirt and moved to cover his face, “Dammit, dammit, dammit!”
“Yeah, well, today ain’t that day. I would have been fine. You can’t be throwing yourself in front of demons for me!”
“Yes, Dean, I’m sure,” Cas says, closing the book in his hand and placing it on the table next to him. He grabs his coat and walks toward Dean, stopping in front of him and laying a hand on the side of his neck. He pauses for a second, smiles, then says, “Goodnight, Dean.”
like Cas had imagined. It’s not delicate by any means. This kiss is desperate, and angry, and scared, and uncertain, but Cas can’t find it in himself to care. Dean is
“Oh,” Cas nodded, recalling their earlier dispute. He looked up at Anna, “One check. And um, when does your shift end? I assume Dad still expects you home at a decent hour.”
“Guess I’ll see ya around, Cas.” Dean said, shrugging his bag over his shoulder and leaving the classroom.
Castiel’s hand clenches where Dean holds it and her eyes open slowly before widening with alertness. “Dean?” she asks, turning her face toward him. She looks terrified. “Am I -?”
Thanks for all the wonderful comments! Here's part 19 for ya'll. Things are still angsty and feelsy sORRY IN ADVANCE. <3
"Yes..." Cas trailed. His face grew serious, and Dean could practically hear the wheels spinning in his mind.
Castiel was woken up by a loud vibration next to his head – his phone, he would soon realize – and the sound of cackling laughter from the other side of the room – Dean, he realized immediately. Startled and a little pissed off, Castiel threw his phone to the ground. It landed with a crack on the tile floor, but somehow remained intact. When he picked it up again, the screen read ‘Dean Winchester calling.’
“I’m sorry, angel, I just… I ran into someone, while I was there, that’s all.” Dean didn’t want to lie to Cas, but he couldn’t handle explaining what had happened.
“Sam was 15!” Dean exclaimed, standing and walking over to the railing. They were sitting outside, on the balcony of their floor. The sun was just beginning to dip, the days warmth slipping away with it. Castiel stuck his hands in the pockets of his sweater before standing to join Dean.
in a coma.” Castiel went back to his desk and opened his laptop. “Dammit, I’ve yet to do the practice labs online. I am going to fail this midterm. There is no way around it.”
Dean’s not sure what to say. Cas is looking at him like he’s the most important person in the universe, and Dean doesn’t know how to respond, because no one’s ever gone to such great lengths to make him feel special on his birthday. Not even Sam, because he knows Dean doesn’t care much for his own day of birth. He didn’t even acknowledge his birthday until he met Cas.
“Dammit, Cas,” he mumbled, pressing his fingers into his neck. Dean sat up after a few minutes and took a deep breath. His eyes were wet, but he didn’t bother to wipe at them. Why was this so hard? Cas was his best friend, he was supposed to choose him, every time. He needed Cas to choose him.
and Dean’s hands are all over him, feeling him, learning him, and it’s all too much but Dean can’t get enough and then - it stops.
“Nothing,” Castiel said quickly, carefully taking the bowl from Dean’s hand. “Thanks for the cereal, babe.”
they’d look into putting Jack in daycare. However, Dean isn’t so sure how long he and Cas can continue managing the toddler on their own.
Dean pulled away so quickly he almost tripped over his own feet. Once he found his balance again, he turned to face the person who shouted at them.
“I need you, too,” Cas says, rubbing the skin on his wrist with his thumbs, and if he feels Dean’s radial pulse jump, he doesn’t react to it. “Now, even more so, I think.”
Dean whips around, one hand on the gun tucked at the back of his jeans and is relieved to find that it’s just Castiel. He relaxes immediately.
met this guy. It would be weird to talk about his tattoo. He tried to come up with an excuse, but Dean Winchester was a quick thinker. Too quick.
Dean released a breath and pulled Cas into a tight hug, which felt a bit awkward due to their sitting positions, but Cas didn’t mind at all. He let himself be crushed by the weight of Dean’s arms around his torso, maneuvering his own arms to rest heavily around Dean’s shoulders.
"Hey, Ben, in here!" Dean calls, hearing the kid’s footsteps. Ben jogs in, and he’s wearing one of Dean’s old Metallica t-shirts that had shrunk in the wash some time ago.
Balthazar walked toward the door. “I’ve got a few appointments to get to, but I’m sure you can handle things while I’m out. I’ll be back before your shift ends at um –?”
“Shit! Sorry Lisa,” Dean apologized and bent down to pick up what had fallen, “I should have been paying attention.”
“Fine. Whatever.” He put his hands up in defeat, then slammed them down on the table, startling Dean out of the trance he had been in.
“Replaced by a-? Cas, no, come on!” Dean jogged after him. Castiel had situated himself on the sofa, legs crossed, elbows digging into the sides of his knees. He ran his hands repeatedly through his hair.
Sure enough, Cas is sitting in one of the fancy library chairs reading an old book. He sits with his legs crossed, leaning on the arm of the chair as he flips a page, blue eyes shining even in the lowlight of the room. His trench coat lays over the back of the chair, and his tie is loose around his neck. For a second, Dean forgets he’s an Angel of the Lord, and sees his best friend, someone he cares about, safe and relaxed in their home.
“Oh, yeah, sorry about that,” Dean played with the ring on his right hand. His mothers, he remembered, but quickly pushed the thought aside. “I can do some shopping later?”
It’s Cas’s turn to blink and stare blankly at Dean, and for a moment, Dean’s worried that he got it all wrong, said the wrong thing, screwed everything up before it even had a chance to start, but then Cas smiles.
“Need you,” Cas pants, as if reading Dean’s mind. He bites at Dean’s lip; let’s his teeth drag against the sensitive skin there and pulls a groan from the older man.
Castiel turned back around and sighed. Looks like his summer fling wasn't meant to be with him forever after all, as he suspected.
Cas’s face changes from one of disbelief and surprise to confusion and sorrow. “Dean, I had no idea. I’m so sorry.”
“I know, Dean, I’ve just missed so much, and I would rather not miss any more.” Castiel plopped down into one of the four chairs at the table with a huff. He could see Dean rolling his eyes in his peripheral vision before he leaned down in front of him, his freckled hands a steady weight on his knees.
"Dammit, Cas!" Dean puts the bottle down and peels his shirt from his skin with the tips of his fingers, grimacing.
Cas looks caught off guard, which is, of course, the point. Plus, Dean is curious. If Cas’s heart truly lies With Miss Masters, Dean is wasting his time here.
“So?” Gabriel replied with fiend offence, “It’s not like I’m gonna harass him, I have no reason to.”
"Dean, it’s me!" Cas blurted, holding the phone close and praying (to no one) that Dean hadn’t ended the call yet, "I’m coming home."
Castiel sounds like a wreck over the phone, and Dean’s heart breaks a little. It’s only been about two months since they adopted Jack, and Cas offered to take paternity leave for ten weeks so someone could be home with him all the time. Dean fought him on this, suggesting that they split their time, but Dean’s management position at the dealership makes him more money than Cas’s private school teacher salary, so they agreed that Dean would work full time the first few months, than take vacation time off once Cas went back to work.
Castiel twitched where he sat on the couch. Dean squeezed his hand in response. He was nervous, Dean could tell.
Sam, Dean, and Kevin were all sitting in the main hall when there was a knock at the front door the next evening. Dean, because he didn't want to deal with his
“The Garrison? The drug cartel?” Dean asked. He’d heard of the group before he’d transferred to the university; they were rumored to have sold to students around campus.
Dean almost chokes on his coffee but the bell rings before he can think of a response. Charlie only laughs and waves goodbye as she leaves the small room, and Dean pours the rest of his coffee into the sink, shaking his head. He leaves the room and rushes down the hall toward his classroom.
but Cas assures him that it’s fine. They may work with Rowena from time to time, but Dean doesn’t trust the witch as far and he can throw her. He threatens Rowena anyway, and she dramatically promises that she won’t harm a hair on Cas’s head. Satisfied, Dean leaves with Sam and Jack in tow, fully intending on burning Rowena alive if Cas comes back harmed in any way.
"What? No! No, Cas I’m… You just —," Dean pinches the bridge of his nose and curses. He doesn’t know how to say,
What gives him the courage to surge forward, Dean may never know, but his hand is on Cas’s neck and their lips are pressed together and Cas isn’t pulling away, so he must be doing something right. Cas’s hands push at Dean’s chest, and before he can register what’s happening, Dean is underneath Cas, their legs tangled, their bodies flush together, and Dean can’t bring himself to stop for anything but air. His hands find the zipper on Cas’s sweatshirt and he pulls until it’s undone, moving his hands to Cas’s shoulders to push it off.
"For God’s sake, Dean, he won’t bite! …Unless you ask him to!" Sam yells from the bathroom, his voice muffled by the sound of the shower running.
“Alright, let’s go,” Dean is up and out of his chair, the rest of his sandwich abandoned on the table. He grabs Cas by the arm and leads him out of the room until they’re in the living area. He stops then, turns to look at Cas, and takes a deep breath.
“Dude, you can hug me,” Dean says, pulling her into his arms. He hugs her like he would hug any other woman – a tight hold around the waist, hands pressed against the small of her back, his chin hooked over her shoulder. It takes every bit of restraint Dean has to keep him from nuzzling Cas’s hair and kissing her temple.
“Shopping,” she repeats, and then smiles coyly, “Isn’t shopping a popular pastime for women? They do have a more extensive knowledge of style and such.”
“I’m okay!” Castiel blurted, blinking to find Dean standing in front of him, hands gripping his shoulders, eyes sharp with concern. “I’m…okay,” he repeated weakly; he wasn’t exactly sure how he felt, but he didn’t need Dean to worry any more than he already was.
“Anna, he’s what, 21? You’re 21, right?” Castiel asked Dean, who nodded as he continued. “Exactly. You’re in high school, Anna. You’re not even supposed to have a job! Does Dad know about this?”
“You drive a Jaguar?” Dean asked, intrigued. He loved his Chevy, but he could appreciate a well-made vehicle.
"Yeah," Dean nodded, "I didn't want Sammy to pick up the habit because of me. Turns out, he's a freakin' health nut, and probably wouldn't have smoked anyway."
“Hmm, you seem very concerned with convincing me that you aren’t an item, but I don’t know if I believe you.”
“Kiss me,” Dean demands, and Cas freezes. His face goes stark white, mouth opening and closing like he isn’t sure if he’s being Punk’d or not. It truly is entertaining.
“I’ve definitely noticed that,” Castiel sighed. It hurt him that Dean felt so much responsibility when there was no need for it.
A minute later, he heard footsteps and looked up. “You can go see him now,” said Dr. Henricksen, smiling as he walked out of the hospital room, a few nurses following him out. “He’s asking for you.”
With a cry, he had fallen to the ground, pulling Cas down with him. He wasn’t sure how long he’d laid there, tears streaming down his face, but when he finally got a hold of himself, Castiel was holding him against his chest, and their suits were covered in grass stains. Bobby and Rufus had walked over to the truck they had arrived in, and Sam was standing beside Bobby with tissues in his hands.
"Don’t pull that tone with me, boy," Bobby replies, voice hushed, and Dean drops his gaurd. Bobby is only trying to help, anyway. "I’m not tellin’ you to turn the kind into a hunter. I’m just sayin’, with all the skills you two have - and Cas, too, since he seems to be a part of this little club you’ve got goin’ - it would be unfair to leave the boy defenseless and vulnerable."
They sat in silence for a little while after that, eventually lying back against the back window of the car, their hands still joined. Cas was rubbing his thumb over Dean's pointer finger, and Dean could not believe that such a small movement could make his entire body feel like jelly.
"Don’t worry about it," Dean shakes his head and picks up what’s left of his beer, "Where were you, anyway?"
“I was uh… jumped,” he said awkwardly. Dean caught Charlie’s eyes widening, but she said nothing. Cas licked his lips and continued.
“Feeling any better?” Cas asked as he turned back toward the sink to dry off the last of the dishes and turn off the faucet. He wanted to apologize, he wanted to hold Dean for hours and tell him how
The other man raises his head enough to meet Dean’s eyes, “You’re going to tell me… that it wasn’t my fault.”
As he says this, he slumps down onto the wooden floor of the kitchen, his back against the cupboards, head in his hands. Cas rushes to his side.
“Sammy, what’s up? Everything alright?” Dean wasn’t sure he could handle another crisis at the moment.
) abdomen and stood up, his eyes lingering a bit too long on the anti-possession tattoo on his chest, identical to Dean's own. "Yeah," he sighed, "but you'll heal up soon, just not as soon as you would if you were still ...well, ya know."
he thought. He would miss eating breakfast with Cas, their banter, Cas’s company. Most of all, Dean would miss Castiel’s laugh. His laugh always had a way of lifting Dean’s spirits, no matter how down he felt.
Dean blinks up at Cas, who is looking at him in a way that makes him want to bolt, but at the same time, he feels so warm and cared for and
After Castiel finally convinced Dean to leave for his evening class, he fell asleep again, briefly, before there was another knock at his door.
When Dean looked up, Castiel could see the anger in his face slowly drain away into sadness. Castiel narrowed his eyes. “You’re not blaming yourself for any of this, are you?” he asked.
Castiel knew that Sam and Dean were probably looking for him. Dean had told him to go to straight to the bunker, but Cas had needed some time. He hadn’t been ready for the reminder of how useless he was to the Winchesters now, didn’t need them worrying about him. He hadn’t wanted to be a burden, so he stayed away. Now, at least, he knew how to be human - now, he could take care of himself.
Dean thought, and he shut down, folding his arms on his desk and hiding his face, trying not to shake. He blocked out the sounds of the class and ignored Ash and Kevin’s worried questions, but his thoughts were so loud, they were deafening.
“Dean, come on,” Cas pleaded, because he’d already made a fool of himself twice now, and although it wouldn’t be pleasant, he knew he needed to know what happened. “You can tell me.”
“You’re adorable,” Dean smiled, patting his cheek. “Let’s get to this appointment, now. I might have to run a few stop signs to get there on time.”
“You’re doing it again,” Dean interrupted. “But you have a point, though, about Crowley. Why, do you think…?” Dean shook his head, “You don’t think he’s
Dean whips around to find Castiel standing at their bedroom door, wearing only sleep pants and his blue cotton robe. The man yawns adorably as Dean walks toward him.
Dean didn’t think his stomach could twist any further. There was a terrible hurt building inside him, echoing with a mourning of what could have been. The vulnerable feelings quickly morphed into anger, as they always did, and it must have started showing because he felt Jack’s wide eyes on him. Or maybe he could sense the turbulence going on inside him.
“Thought you were in Arkansas.” He grunted instead, collapsing in the chair next to Cas as Sam disappeared for the shower. He always let Sam go first.
Cas had told him he was helplessly drawn to Dean, and he understands the feeling. He couldn’t bear to look away, trapped admiring what had to be the most beautiful person in the world and reveling the fact that he chose to love
The next words were tossed very pointedly at the waitress, who’s smile had disappeared and was staring at them with wide eyes. She recovered a moment later, and suddenly became an entirely different person. She took their orders professionally before hurrying off.
“Like you said,” Dean murmured. “never the right time, world’s always ending. I—subconsciously or not—I didn’t want to start something with all that over our heads. It would’ve been too important to me. Not to mention, I thought it was
Cas tilted his head just so and a jolt of lightning raced down Dean’s spine when he felt the wet press of tongue against his bottom lip, begging for entry. He made a noise of approval in the back of his throat and that was all she wrote. Cas took complete domination over the kiss.
Cas had never said he was allowed up here. The rooftop garden might be a Cas-only space, somewhere for him that was untouched by the Winchesters. Would he be mad if Dean—
—for his companionship, his closeness, his touch…everything. But Dean couldn’t have it. Cas was, and still is, this unattainable being so far out of his league Dean would never be worthy of him. Cas had been what demon blood was to Sam, addictive and enticing. Dean had wanted more, more,
“That’s not fair! I’m in the bathroom!” Sam complained, voice muffled by the door. Dean just snorted in amusement as Cas, who had blatantly ignored Sam, ducked in the passenger seat. Dean, who had no idea how the war started but desperate to stay out of it, gave him a sideways smile.
His face was slack, his lips parted, and it was clear he was thinking very fast. His endlessly blue eyes were wide and drilling holes in the side of Dean’s head. He found himself staring so long he forgot he was driving. Cas’ lips slowly clamped closed and he swallowed nervously. The small movements were enough to remind Dean he was the one behind the wheel. Unfortunately, that meant he couldn’t read any minute expressions that flitted across Cas’ face as he spoke, his words careful,
“Anywhere else?” He croaked helplessly. The last thing he wanted was to go back to that place and get served by the girl who caught the man he’d been in love with for the past twelve years.
“It’s much more than that.” Cas leaned in, kissing all over his face so lightly Dean wouldn’t have noticed they were there at all. “You want him to have a home wherever you are. You don’t do it to appease me, but because you want him around. You’ve been so good to him lately, Dean. I can see it in his eyes how much he loves you.”
“You didn’t put on sunscreen? You can tan all you want, Cas, but skin cancer’s a real thing for you now.” He wanted Cas to look after himself. He was vulnerable as a human, in more ways than one. It would be total bullshit for Cas to survive death so many times just to succumb to something as human as melanoma.
“But you’re gonna use the doors around here, got it?” Dean added. “Knock before opening if it’s closed. It’s polite.”
Cas was there, his blue eyes burning with fury and precision, but the next moment his machete clattered to the ground. He crowded into Dean’s space, cupping his face in his hands and his eyes soft now.
“I think I will enjoy living at Bobby’s.” Cas mused a few quiet moments later. “I remember enjoying the way the sun rose over the wild grass fields. And I am partial to watching you work on cars.”
So the very first thing he did to introduce this new aspect to his personality (although Cas was already pretty give-a-shit-less anyway) was start a shotgun war with Sam.
So he shifted his leg away, trying to be casual about it and disguising the move under the pretense of leaning over to put the menus back.
“Do you want to leave?” The question came out a lot more vulnerable than Dean had intended, but now that he was there he couldn’t stop. “Do you…d’you think you can’t leave because I don’t want you to? I-I mean, I know I told you just to stay and ‘course I’m always gonna want you around but I get it if you want to be free or whatever. Live by your own rules, I get it if that’s what you want—“
Dean recognized the weird act immediately—it was a funny superstition he’s heard around bars and pubs that by tying a knot with your straw wrapper and pulling until the paper ripped, if the knot stayed someone was thinking about you.
. He’d lost the only true friend he’d ever had, the only one who understood him to the very soul. Something about Cas was tied to Dean, and something about Dean was tied to Cas. With Sam, Dean felt like he couldn’t breathe without his little brother in his life. Without Cas, Dean couldn’t find the
—neat rows of pots and planter boxes bursting with green leaves and brightly colored produce that just barely made room for the narrow paths between plants. It seemed never ending, the variety of colors, heights, and scents so diverse that Dean couldn’t focus on one plant alone.
“Of course, Dean.” He said, bidding the waitress goodnight and following Dean to the car. Sam was already standing at the passenger side door, and Dean caught Cas glaring at his brother as he slid into the backseat.
He’d watched Chuck beat Cas senseless more times than he could count, watched the dark ooze of the Empty appear and snatch him away even more. He knew how Cas’ body had collapsed into blackness by heart, how the sludge slid over his tear-stained smile and swallowed him whole. He could count the number of wounds Chuck inflicted upon him as he brutally beat him. He only wished there was sound, or he at least knew how to read lips, anything to know what Cas had said to summon his deal.
Cas hung his head in shame at his failure, and no, no, no, this wasn’t where Dean wanted this argument to go. He meant to tell Cas to get his dick under control, not make him feel bad for something that wasn’t his fault.
What should have been a 30 minute trip to the grocery store turned into almost an hour and a half. Everything Dean threw in the cart, Cas complained and offered a healthier option. Wheat bread instead of white. Organic over processed. Dean had yet to put anything in the cart that Cas didn’t have a healthier alternative for.
Sam noticed the tension between them but besides a few exasperated sighs and pointed looks, he didn’t say anything. Dean was sure if he hadn’t started getting calls from Eileen again he would have his nose all up in their business. God bless Eileen.
He narrowed his eyes suspiciously at her, although there wasn’t any heat behind it. Eileen just wiggled her eyebrows and her grin widen.
in loopy white print. Cas refused to let him walk around with a curse word on his clothing, but Jack seemed to like it more the color than the text.
Dean, on the other hand, couldn’t even find his voice to speak, but his crazy urge to hit Cas square in the jaw getting stronger by the second. He’d probably leave a bruise this time, instead of that last time he’d tried and just hurt his own hand. But he just stared at Cas, stared at the face that had blood splattered on it the last time he had seen him, a bloodied body he had watched over and over so many times that he could probably get a Sharpie and retrace every single red stain. What had made him smile that wide, so wide his nose had crinkled? What had made his eyes shine with tears and happiness, what had made him glow with such joy?
He could hear Cas’ brain trying to process the stream of questions he’d just dumped out like toxic waste, trying to filter through every demand and find diplomatic answers that would probably just drive Dean further up the wall.
Dean had forgiven Cas for every single betrayal and deception despite knowing if he had been anyone else, he would have stabbed them on principle.
He seethed. “Who the fuck does that—did you—did you think I’d just roll over and let that happen? That I’d just let you fuck off without telling—without saying—“
, you ass!” Cas suddenly yelled, his blue eyes flashing furiously. His voice echoed into the woods by the road. “My happiness is the fact that I’ve been in love with you my entire existence and I
“We should have sex first.” Cas said, blunt as an old nail. Dean had to close his eyes against the upsurge of arousal that made his dick twitch almost painfully.
“I messed up with him.” Dean said, gaining steam now. “I was shitty to him and he didn’t deserve it. M’ just…trying to do better ‘cause he deserves better. I know I’ve been doing a bad job at it. Dunno why the kid still likes me, but I’m…trying.”
Dean swore, jerking and spilling the bottle of the beer resting against his propped up legs. His boots hit the floor with a loud smack as he caught himself before he could fall out of the goddamn chair. Dean looked up to see Jack standing nearby, and plunked his bottle down with a loud thud.
But then Cas, like an electric bolt up the ass, came to life under him. He twisted, smoothly, suddenly, and the solid form of Baby was pressed against Dean’s back. Cas’ hands darted to the back of his head to protect him from the impact, and Dean shivered as they trailed down his chest before wrapping around his waist.
“Ask Claire.” Was his response, because there was no fucking way he was gonna get into a conversation with Cas about dicks and butts.
It took Dean a few days to reorient himself under the mindset that he had been obliviously in love with Cas since Hell, basically. He completely forgot that Cas wasn’t even in the Bunker amidst this revelation, so it took a lot of internal coaxing to make himself leave the safety of his room to make dinner. He couldn’t face Cas, not so soon after discovering all this.
“The only reason I stayed awake and Sam was able to drive was ‘cause you were calm. You kept his head on right and you kept me from driftin’ off.
Another server—a dude this time—took their orders a few minutes later before hurrying off. Sam and Cas were talking and kept trying to pull Dean into their conversation, but his mood had soured even further than before and he merely gave grunts in response.
“I wasn’t aware of the social connotations of kissing Meg, and beyond that we were only friends. Although she did want to experiment further physically.” Cas stated dryly. “April was merely a means of release for both of us, especially with me being human and having to deal with things like lust and arousal—“
And the other thing—Cas wasn’t with them. He had chosen to stay behind. Dean couldn’t really appreciate the city life because he was too busy worrying that Cas would bring the waitress back to the Bunker knowing he and Sam would be gone for a few days. And doesn’t that just make his stomach drop?
Castiel responded, “I didn’t die, and I’m not going to. Dr. Henricksen told me about my ribs and my hand, but there was no internal bleeding, okay? No life-threatening complications. I’m bruised all over, and I’ll probably be sore for weeks, if not months, but I’ll live. I promise.”
“Yeah, twice a day,” Dean stated, stifling a yawn. “Don’t you have class soon, baby?” It surprised Dean how easy it was to call Cas the pet name he’d only ever assigned to his car. But it rolled off his tongue so seamlessly, and Cas didn’t seem to mind.
Castiel watched Dean’s face form an unreadable expression. His answers were short, his tone, serious. Castiel grew worrisome.
Cas glares at his stubborn boyfriend and wonders how he can resolve this problem as efficiently as possible.
“But let me go uh, grab you something.” Dean turns and rushes out of the room and into his own, closing the door behind him. He leans against the door and scrubs a hand over his mouth.
Castiel closed his eyes for a moment, flashback emerging suddenly – street lights, footsteps, rough hands pushing him down, knocking his phone away – he shook his head. He didn’t want to remember. “How can you be sure it was him?” he asked, images in his head vanishing almost as instantly as they had appeared.
“Stand up,” Dean tells him, and Cas does so immediately. “Good boy,” Dean praises, and Castiel visibly shivers. Dean grins. He knew he picked a good one.
Cas tilts his head, "Yes, of course. Why wouldn't I be?" He's never been more serious about anything in his life, except maybe his profession. In his defense, however, his profession includes holding lives in his hands on a daily basis.
“Are…a-are you sure?” Dean stuttered, looking intensely at Cas, trying to find the smallest hint of doubt in the crease between his brows.
spoke about Lucifer. His older brother had been disowned when Castiel was only twelve, and he hadn’t seen him since. Their relationship had been…strained, to say the least. Luci always seemed to hold some sort of grudge against Castiel, but he never said why, and Castiel never got the chance to ask.
Sam shrugs. “I’m kinda neutral about it, honestly. It’s still the same Cas, who has kicked major ass and sacrificed his life –.”
to see what had practically caused his roommate to start drooling. When he turned to see who their waitress was, Castiel was astounded.
“Oh, fuck, I was supposed to get you your meds – fuck!” Dean yelled, at himself, Castiel could tell. “I’m so sorry, I totally forgot. Here, come on, you’ve gotta lie down.”
“Yes, yes, sir, please,” Cas responds eagerly, and really, how is Dean supposed to deny this beautiful blue-eyed boy anything he desires?
“Yes?” Cas answered warily, taking a step forward. “But I didn’t even want to go, remember? I didn’t have a date because I didn’t like any of the girls who asked me. I didn’t like anyone, actually. Not as anything more than a friend.” Dean was still staring him down, and Cas exhaled slowly. “It didn’t matter as much as you did, Dean. I’m glad I didn’t go.”
he thought, smiling to himself. He glanced at his watch and saw that it was a little past midnight. The air was cooler than usual, and Dean realized that it was October.
“She’s on her way with Balthazar,” Dean answered. “Sam’s coming to see you, too, as soon as his class lets out.”
“Oh man, I’m sorry, I just – AHA – I called your phone to see when your ringtone was, but, but I didn’t know it was right next to you, I swear – HAHAHA – I swear I didn’t see it!”
The word rang loudly in Dean’s ears, and a warm feeling filled his chest despite the dull ache that sat there already. He wasn’t sure how much he wanted to know about Cas’s past; there was nothing Dean could do to change whatever had happened. The more he knew, the more he would be reminded of how much he
After a few minutes, Cas released a shaky breath and pulled away. "Sorry," he coughed, wiping at his eyes, "got your shirt wet."
“Burgers are pretty great,” Dean agreed, pulling into the diner parking lot. “I think you’ll really like this place. I’ve got an old friend who works the register; he can get us a discount.” He turned off the engine and stepped out of the car. Thankfully, so did Cas, so he didn’t have to suffer the embarrassment of opening the car door for him twice.
“Me?” Cas asked, so quietly that Dean had to look up. Cas sounded puzzled, but more than anything, he looked hurt. He fiddled with the sling on his arm, adjusting the strap and avoiding Dean’s gaze. “What did I do?”
"There you are!" Anna calls from a bench near the entrance of the mall. Dean smiles and walks over to greet her.
After glancing back at Sam and getting a solid nod, Dean took a deep breath and swung open the door.
By Friday, Dean's entire body ached from sleeping on the couch in the small living room. That morning he was woken up, quite unpleasently, by loud, incessant knocking on his apartment door.
so all-encompassing, and it hits him then that this moment could change his life forever. Dean is looking at him with wild eyes, like he’s still unsure what to say, so Cas makes one last plea.
Dean set his phone down and waited a while, staring at the wall in front of him. He was deciding whether or not he would tell anyone about his plans to run when the phone buzzed. Dean picked it up and unlocked it to read the message.
"Cas, you and Dean have been joined at the hip since you met in medical school. I don't think I could keep you two apart if I tried. Actually, Dean would probably kill me if I tried."
“Yeah, me neither,” Cas heard Dean say from somewhere behind him. Startled, he whipped around with a dish in his hands to see a damp Dean, his navy blue shirt sticking to him like a second skin. He’d put on the same jeans he had been wearing before, but Cas pretended not to notice.
Granted, he made more than a few pit stops along the way - cleaned himself up, got a few jobs (to make some money), moved around, made new friends, learned to be vulnerable, learned to be
Dean decides. He refuses to take what little spirit Ben has left and ruin it. Lisa wouldn’t want that. Lisa would want him to drop hunting all together.
Dean scoffed. “You Novak’s have a way of making four words sound like the worst thing in the world, ya know that?”
“Give you what, Cas? A minute, an hour? Hell, a month? I don’t have that kind of time, Cas! In case you’ve forgotten, my brother is dead.”
"Well no shit, Sherlock," came Dean's reply. "You went through four years of med school to tell me that I'm grieving over my little brother's recent death. I better not be paying for this session, because I'm pretty sure a 12 year old with a textbook could have figured that out."
There’s movement above them that sounds like two sets of feet. They both look up, and then Dean turns toward the stairs to see Sam. Descending behind him is a red-eyed, sniffling Ben. Dean doesn’t think he’s ever seen Ben cry. The usually happy-go-lucky, adventurous 10-year-old now looks so small, so devastated, and God help him, it breaks Dean’s heart.
During the few times that Dean and Cas spoke, Dean avoided the topic like the plague, not wishing to have
like Castiel had just revealed the punch line of an ongoing joke. He shook his head, folding his hands once again on the table, chains clattering. “Do you have any idea how big The Garrison is? It’s an operation, a
“Now you’re taking my phrases, too? Wow, territorial much,” Dean teased, which earned him a punch in the arm.
“You have me,” Dean growls, letting go of Cas’s hands to they can undress each other, “and you’re all mine.”
As expected, Sam was jogging towards Dean almost exactly five minutes later. “Hey,” he huffed, sitting down across from him. “How are you?”
Dean raises an eyebrow, but doesn’t voice his suspicion. “Okay,” he agrees, looking around at the stores. “Cas did mention something about not having enough sweaters…”
“You’re adorable, you know that?” Castiel chided, knocking his shoulder into Dean’s. A tiny smile crept onto Dean’s lips.
," Dean insists, crossing his arms, "I see the way he looks at you. You talk about each other all the time. Now you’re sneaking around while I’m not home. Why don't you just admit it!?"
“I was drunk,” Dean repeated, “the night you called me, I was drunk and my phone died and I was too wasted to notice, or care.”
there was a reason Sam was screening my calls!” Dean exclaims, already plotting his revenge against his little brother. “Am I the only one who doesn’t know?”
“Dean, don’t,” Sam interrupted, turning to face his brother. “I know where this is going and it’s just not true.”
Cas picked the spoons out of the sink, rinsed them, and turned off the faucet. “If we ignore the cardiac arrest I just experienced, yes, I’m fine.”
“You worry too much, Clarence,” Meg sighs, “You won’t lose your job. Men want what they can’t have, right? After this, everyone will think you’re unavailable, and suddenly you’ll be a hot ticket item, and right on Mayor Handsome’s radar. He’ll want you even more.”
When they got back to their dorm, Dean reminded Cas that he was due back at the hospital soon so that Dr. Henricksen could check his stitches and x-ray his hand. Castiel simply nodded and sat down at his desk. He dug through a drawer for his medication, poured out the right doses and swallowed them dry before reaching for the plastic bottle next to his laptop and taking a few gulps of water.
"Well, I’m sure he has a good reason," Charlie says sweetly, "I couldn’t imagine him pushing your buttons just for the hell of it."
"On Halloween? I mentioned how cute it would be to dress up our own kid and you laughed and said you weren’t looking forward to that just yet."
Dean looked over at Castiel, who was attempting to calm his nerves. “Nah, I think we’ve got it. 3A?”
“I love you,” Cas responded, so simply, so effortlessly that Dean could only blink as his face got even hotter. Then Cas shook his head and stood, “Ugh, I’m sorry I keep doing that, Dean, does… does it bother you? When I just say it like that? I can stop –.”
“They weren’t my choice to begin with,” Cas huffs, blowing a strand of hair away from her face. It’s then that Dean realizes how close they are, and it feels like a shitty romcom – Cas hanging on to the lapels of Dean’s jacket, Dean holding Cas steadily by the waist, the wind tousling their hair, their faces inches apart…
“Cas,” Dean said again, wincing a little at the nails still digging crescents into his wrist. “Open those pretty eyes for me, angel. Breathe, okay? It’s just me. I promise I won’t hurt you. I’ll never hurt you. Breathe.”
“Ow – ouch, Cas – Cas!” Dean tried to get his attention, “Castiel, hey, look at me!” He used his free hand to touch Cas’s face, but he flinched away. “Cas, it’s me, Dean – it’s Dean!”
“I think I feel the same way about you, and I don’t know what to do about it. This isn’t… I’m not good at this kind of thing. If we… I don’t want to hurt you, Cas. My worst fear is that I’ll hurt you and lose you forever. I don’t think I could stand to lose you. Not again.”
Meg finally pulls away from Cas with a loud smack of her lips, smirking. “Still got it,” she says triumphantly, while Cas is still trying to catch his breath. It’s been a while since he’s really made out with anyone, be he’d say that went pretty well.
“All of these reasons and more are why I want to spend the rest of my life with you, Dean. You are the best person I know, and if you let me, I will love you until my very last breath.”
“I’m sorry,” Dean apologizes, hitting his blinker to pull off at the nearest exit. The back roads have
Dean was a little shocked. Why would he need to know how to use a gun? This was a music store! He wasn’t sure if he should mention that his father taught him and his little brother how to shoot a gun before they could long divide, but before he could say anything, Balthazar spoke up again.
Dean shook his head. “Nothing, Cas, we just… we fought that morning, remember? It was stupid; you wanted me to help with some project and I was gonna put it off until the last minute, and then you –.” Dean took a breath. He knew he was rambling, but he couldn’t stop. “You blew me off, Cas, and I don’t blame you for that, but you walked out, slammed the door, and I felt like…it felt –.”
You’re amazing, Dean. You have the biggest heart I’ve ever known, and it is a privilege to be loved by you.”
“Yeah, yeah, you’ll be fine. I practically raised Sam, okay? I know how to take care of people.” Dean teased back, using his foot to put the brakes on the wheelchair before walking around it to help Cas up. Avoiding the sling on Cas’s left arm, Dean went to his right and wrapped an arm around Cas’s middle as they made their way toward the Impala, which was parked in front of the hospital entrance.
off – but...” Castiel walked back into the living room with a towel and some blankets hanging over his arms and found Dean, lying face-up on the couch, staring at the ceiling. He sighed.
When he finally makes it inside, he rushes toward the kitchen. Maybe Dean hasn't been in there yet so he can hide the food and flowers.
Dean finds Cas sitting on one side of the couch, head bowed, face in his hands. Dean sighs and steps through the threshold of the large room. He takes careful steps, but of course, Cas hears him enter and looks up. His eyes are dry, so he hasn’t been crying.
“You’re okay, you’re okay,” Dean assures, squeezing her hand again. “We’re at the bunker. Did you have a nightmare or something?”
“You’ve always spoke easier with your actions.” Cas reminded him quietly, and Dean took it for the blanket permission that it was. He let himself go, let himself indulge in the thing he’d wanted to do for twelve years. It didn’t matter if he thought he didn’t deserve it. Dean was selfish enough to take it anyway.
The waitress came by to get their orders. She was perky, with one of those can-do-attitude smiles that looked fake and her brown hair tied back into a ponytail that swung when she walked with a spring in the balls of her feet. The moment she laid eyes on Cas and Dean saw that spark of interest, he elected to dislike her immensely.
They were going there as a kind of farewell dinner for Dean and Cas. With the combined efforts of the four of them, Eileen, Jody, Donna, the girls, and Garth and his family, building Bobby’s place back up had taken nine months. It was almost back to its original glory, the same overall structure and layout just with new furniture and freshly painted walls. The three bedrooms had been fixed up and the large attic space was fashioned into ingredient storage and a library. Dean and Cas shared the largest room with big west-facing windows that overlooked the garden and wild grass and showed out incredible sunsets. Jack had the room next to them and was already outfitted with most of his toys and belongings from the Bunker.
Cas poked his head in. His hair was up in all different directions, like he’d stuck his head out the window of a car.
Sam ranted on about the new Bunker operation and how he and Eileen were going to spend a few months getting hunters settled in before getting a place of their own. The place had already been cleared out of anything dangerous that unknowing hunters might stumble across and they had finally relocated the last of Cas’ garden. It had been completely fleshed out, leaving the dangerous items to live in Dean and Cas’ attic. The rest of the Men of Letters’ resources stayed, available to hunters for research. Sam was still rambling about a security spell he put on the Bunker that stopped people from taking items outside the premises, but Dean was distracted by an aching familiar feeling in his chest.
Not even ten minutes into waiting for their food did Dean feel the startling press of Cas’ warm thigh against his—just like last time. He nearly jumped out of the booth at the contact, but he managed to dial it down to a slight twitch. Cas wasn’t even paying attention, almost absentmindedly tying the paper wrapper of his straw into a knot and pulling on both ends, all while talking to Sam about something nerdy.
Before he could even come up with something to say, Cas grabbed his elbow and hauled him through the doorway onto the flat roof.
“Can I get drinks for y’all?” She asked in a Tennessee accent, not even taking her stark gray eyes off Cas. Dean felt his fingers twitch from where they rested on the tabletop.
The mischievous grin had long since faded into a soft expression, but now the smile that took its place was soft and oh so gentle.
The hunt turned out to be more of a bitch than Dean had anticipated. As it turned out, the ghost wasn’t all the happy when it realized the brothers actually knew how to kill her. Sam nearly got a chair leg through the eye and Dean was sporting a nasty bruise on his ribs after being thrown across the room. Some quick digging and they were able to dig up her bones and burn her.
Dean bit down hard on his tongue to stop all these thoughts from spilling out. As Jack jabbered away enthusiastically with Cas about the dress, Dean realized something very important—
Jack talked eagerly about Heaven’s reconstruction and the relocation of all the souls. Sam and Dean both laughed when he told them Bobby’s soul was being a grouch about moving. Even in death, Bobby Singer still founds things to grumble about.
He remembered Famine telling him that he wasn’t hungry for anything because he was empty inside, how he had know that hadn’t been true. He remembered being hungry, but his own belief that he could never have it had been what suppressed the urge. He had been hungry for
, had he realized their legs had been touching? Was he pissed at Dean for not moving quickly enough, not trying to put space between them sooner?
Jack beamed happily next to Dean, looking to him for approval as if to make sure he’d played the game right.
Dean’s feet were moving before his conscious thought caught him. He was storming around Baby, boots clomping angrily against the blacktop as he rounded on Cas. The ex-angel didn’t step back, he just kept shouting at Dean as his eyes shone with wetness, turning his body to keep facing him.
Cas sat next to Dean, a totally unaffected smile on his face. Pleased as a damn pickle. He was wearing some of the clothes he had raided from Dean’s closet, a dark canvas jacket he never wore an old band t-shirt with a pair of ripped jeans that Dean hadn’t worn since his twenties. There was something about the ensemble that his brain latched onto and wouldn’t let go of, despite Dean trying to concentrate on the road. Maybe it was the way the Zeppelin logo was warped and stretched across Cas’ chest? He had always been a little wider than Dean, and the poor canvas jacket was stretched obscenely around bulging muscles that he could only assume were a byproduct of angelic grace.
He didn’t even notice when Cas’ face turned to him because now he was too busy admiring the rest of his features. He just stared, helplessly, happily, drowning in a sea of adoration and awe.
“In a way.” He said. “I’m aware of every living thing on Earth, and I’m aware of the moment each life is created or dies…but it’s hard to pinpoint one life. Even one as familiar as Castiel’s. When you were dying, I could sense it happening, but it was all so blurry. Cas’ prayers are what made me focus on you.”
I thought if I died, I’d never have to see your heartbreak or hear your rejection like I’m going to hear now! The Empty made me watch your death over and over in more ways than there are stars in the universe but it was bearable knowing the real you was finally safe and oblivious to my feelings that I am
When Cas came back from the Empty, Dean was about two seconds away from punching him in the goddamn face. The bastard went and fucking died
’ again was because their thighs were still touching and his thoughts were still scrambled. Cas seemed entirely at ease, though. He thanked the waitress politely and started eating.
Instead, with loud music as a filler for the quiet, a million new questions were running through Dean’s brain. The events of the last few months and all the questions he had shoved down for Cas’ sake were hitting him all at once, crowding his brain and making him itch to blurt them out.
“Waitress’ got a thing for you, Cas.” Sam chuckled, looking at the steak menu even though Dean knew he’s be getting a salad.
“Thank you very much, Dean.” Cas murmured as he shoved a forkful into his mouth. “Adding vegetables despite your distaste for them is very thoughtful of you.”
“Thank you. Is it custom to not call for shotgun after your turn?” Jack asked, smoothing the linen skirt of his dress as they swept out of the garage and down the road.
“I appreciate the remarkable feat of ingenuity that they are.” Cas said diplomatically. “But I merely came out here to find you.”
Silence again, more stunned than the last. Clearly, Cas had not been expecting such a determined interrogation—though that was probably Dean’s fault. He hadn’t exactly been very demanding for answers lately.
Cas’ hands were cupping his face, forcing Dean to tilt his head up and meet his eyes. They were shining with awe and gratitude and a softness that made him want to curl into and never leave.
The case was at the Daphne Orleans Hotel, and it didn’t take long for Dean to piece together why they were the ones taking this case instead of another hunter. Sam was a nerd on a good day, but he went full-on Einstein about this place. The hotel had been famously haunted for decades, there were stories for miles about how the ghosts came to haunt the place.
Dean slid into his usual spot next to Cas like second nature. It was hardly anything new at this point. The two naturally gravitated towards each other even when they weren’t thinking about it. Cas had been a little more obvious about it when they first met, standing too close or appearing right beside Dean instead of across the room like any normal angel. Dean hadn’t realized he too was doing it until he caught himself doing things like squashing himself next to Cas in that booth with Ishim, sitting an arm’s length away around the map table despite all the room, things that Dean never really noticed doing until he did. At this point, he didn’t really have a leg to stand on telling Cas to give him some personal space.
Something about those words didn’t make sense. Bobby’s place, the scrapyard and farmhouse and the closest place to a home Dean and Sam had almost their entire lives up for sale? Up for someone else buying it,
He put the trench coat back, but Dean couldn’t help but eye it critically as he passed. He didn’t have a flannel in that pattern, did he?
Instead, Dean plugged his headphones in and put on Jaws just so he could go brain dead for a little while. The shark had just chomped on its second victim when he heard the distant rumble of the truck in the garage, and feet walking down the hallway. Dean tensed immediately, watching the crack under his door as a pair of shadowy feet walked past.
“Yes, Dean.” Cas glanced up at him with another one of those indulgent smiles. “I will be more careful in the future.”
Dean’s fingers froze from where they had been tracing the leather handle of the sword. Jesus, he hadn’t thought about Bobby’s house in years. For a while it was because it was too painful to remember, but lately he just…hadn’t thought about it at all.
“Oh.” Cas said, tucking his phone away before Dean could catch a glimpse of his screen. “Nothing. Just…Claire. She’s, erm, helping me with emojis.”
“I can hear everyone, Dean.” He reminded him quietly. “It’s easy to tune out when I want to, but…why did he call me a freak?” Jack turned his wide blue eyes on him, eyes so much like Cas that it made Dean’s heart ache.
“Not like I was looking for it.” Dean said somewhat indignantly. Sam’s lips twitched and he was blinking rather rapidly. “Alright, sasquatch. C’mon.”
Dean thought about Bobby’s place that he had bought and still hadn’t visited. Maybe he could get better, get out of the life and settle down. Maybe retirement would soften him, take away the edge of his trauma. Maybe he’d relax and turn into someone Cas deserved, wanted.
Hutch’s was moderately busy when they got there, so they managed to snag a corner booth. Dean had been scanning faces in the crowd and saw no glimpse of the waitress. It released some tension from his shoulders.
When the light faded, Dean felt brand fucking new. He sat up gingerly, wincing at the phantom sensation in his back. He blinked in surprise when he realized Jack had healed his achy knee and sore jaw too.
Jack appeared again one day over lunch, announcing he would like to go clothes shopping. Dean wondered why the kid couldn’t just conjure whatever he wanted, but he seemed more interested in the experience than actually buying anything.
They still outfitted the house with an array of telephones for different agencies, hidden weapons and crafting rooms, and they planned on visiting the Bunker to help any hunters that passed by now that Sam and Eileen opened it up as a hub. Dean knew he’d never really be out of the life, but this was a comfortable as comfortable could get for a guy like him, and it was enough.
They only make it for about an hour at Mistletoe, dancing as hard as they can and scream-singing along to the lyrics they know. Dean holds back from kissing Cas again, holds back from touching him at all really, just soaking in the energy of his last Mistletoe Rock.
“I agree,” says Jo, victoriously swiping a French fry across Gabriel’s ketchup-hand. “Movie nights sound great. Can we start tonight? I’ll bring prosecco. I bet Anna and Meg would want to join too.”
Dean still feels a twinge in his heart and his left knee whenever he thinks about soccer. He spent the summer recovering from his surgery and readjusting to the thought of a life in which his whole identity wasn’t practice and games. He’s glad that his buds from the team are still keeping him in the loop and inviting him to all the team events. This morning they even texted him about joining their pregame for 6:01, the kickoff party of the year that happens when the required dry syllabus week ends at 6:00 PM on Saturday night, but he still hasn’t decided if he’s going to go. It’s over a week away, so he has some time.
“I’m going to go wait outside with Sam and Jess,” he says. “I’ll, uh, see you out there when you’re dressed.” He doesn’t wait for a response before letting the door slam shut behind him.
The phone is halfway through receiving what is, according to the screen, a thirteenth call attempt when Dean picks up. “Gabriel, I am not in the fucking mood,” he warns.
Gabriel arrives with a bottle of vodka and some orange juice, and then Meg with some Mangoritas, and then Anna who’s just happy to be there. The room is warm and cozy and full of light and sound, with Jo blasting her Senior Year playlist in the background. Dean sits on the bed and looks around the room and thinks about how damn lucky he is, how wonderful it is to see his soccer best friend and his work best friend and his regular best friend all in one room, all here because they love each other and they love him and that is so fucking beautiful and Dean is NOT going to cry.
Dean rolls his eyes and goes back to drinking his coffee as Sam continues to list off the various benefits of dating a friend. Despite his annoyance, though, he still hears the tiny voice in the back of his head saying that maybe it wouldn’t be so bad if there were some feelings there after all.
This ends abruptly sometime in early November when Aaron lets him know, extremely politely, that he has met someone.
“Well if you ever want to hang out, I’m around,” says Dean. “Not sure if you heard, but I’m a jock without a flock anymore. Got a lot of time on my hands these days.”
He’s even enjoying his job, working in the bike shop with Jo and hanging out with Ellen for a few hours every week. She’s been acting like a mother to him ever since she found out what happened to his. A couple of days before Halloween, she gives him a haircut while he’s on the clock for one of his shifts. A week after that, a care package shows up in the mailroom addressed to Dean that contains new socks, underwear, a comb, and the softest towels he’s ever felt. There’s no return address, but the whiffs of perfume he catches off the package are as obvious as a signature. He tries to thank Ellen and she stubbornly insists that she had nothing to do with it.
“Castiel,” Meg and Charlie agree, looking at each other and then beginning to chant. “Cas-ti-el! Cas-ti-el!”
Dean had somehow forgotten that Sam turns into a weird species of sorority girl when he gets drunk. He hopes that at the very least, Sam will be too hungover to remember the cuddling when he wakes up. Though, unfortunately, these texts will be a fairly damning reminder.
But he shuts it down immediately, taking a swig out of the Solo cup that somehow found its way into his hand, drinking in the tall, lithe body and messy black hair and swallowing them down with the jungle juice.
Cas, a raspberry seltzer in his own hand, sits on the loveseat as well. Their thighs are almost touching and Dean has to lean hard on the couch’s armrest to avoid pressing his shoulder to Castiel’s. It makes the drinking harder and also, for some reason, more urgent.
He feels Aaron’s breath down his torso, down to the waistband of his Zefron shorts, teeth dragging across his skin and raising goosebumps along the way. Staring at the ceiling, he promises himself once again that this is the last time and tries not to think about blue eyes like black holes.
“Hello,” Cas nods to Dean. “I was wondering if you could help me with my bike. Jo told me last spring that there was a bike shop on campus, but I didn’t have a chance to visit before the end of the semester. I’ve been riding my brother’s bike all summer, but I really need mine back so I can lead the freshman orientation bike tours.”
“Dean, this is Castiel,” Jo gushes. “He’s the one who gave that phenomenal presentation in my apocalyptic literature class last year. Remember? The whole thing about the doomsday preppers and their implications for international relations?”
Ellen leaves them there, with their eyes locked across the bike shop window and elbows rooted to the narrow plank next to the cash register. They’re at attempt number five to arm wrestle, continuing to tie and then break the ties, when they are suddenly interrupted.
Benny grins. “Dean, I know you too well for that. And because I know you and because I love you, I am one hundred percent sure that you would only call me if you were in crisis. And, to be clear, I don’t mind that – I’m here for you, brother. So what’s the crisis?”
After a few glugs of the icy cold water, Dean replaces the cap on the bottle and tosses it back towards his backpack. He leans over the window of the bike shop and gazes around at his surroundings, taking in the desert landscape and distant mountains of Claremont, California. It is still as sleepy and beautiful as it had been the first day that he set foot on campus, when Coach Alastair had him come visit as part of the recruitment process.
Dean frowns and pulls up a Safari window on his phone. He types Castiel’s name into the search bar and clicks on the first result. Apparently Castiel is a Biblical name and refers to the angel of Thursdays. Go figure. Dean hadn’t even balked at the name after meeting a girl named Mystical Raine in his Pitzer pottery class freshman spring.
Dean is about to answer when suddenly a red-haired girl with a Yoda backpack and a Harry Potter t-shirt appears beside their table. “Castiel, a rare sighting in the wild,” she says, patting him fondly on the head. She turns to Dean. “I do not believe that I have made your acquaintance, sir. What may I call you?”
While he doesn’t want to know more about the suitemates and their sexual escapades, Dean finds himself inexplicably drawn in by Castiel’s general aura of mystery. He asks Cas everything he can think of – parents (distant, disciplined, a lawyer and a professor), siblings (several by blood and several by marriage, including Gabe), childhood (quiet and largely uneventful), and future aspirations (LA, for grad school, and then not sure) – in the short spaces when they are alone together before Jo and Gabriel arrive. This becomes less possible once Gabriel starts hosting, which is how Dean finds himself asking Cas whether he has dinner plans for the next day during a bathroom break.
Dean nods, trying to keep a sympathetic expression, but for some reason all he can focus on is that Cas is into dudes. “And you really don’t see it?” he asks. “Cas being into me?”
“Do you think maybe there’s some feelings there? I know you’re not gay. You’ve been clear about that. But I think you can be not-gay and still be into Cas.”
“Dean, this is my best friend Charlie. She goes to Mudd, so she has had too much work to make it to our Sunday movie nights, though she tells me every day that she is quite envious.”
Dean rolls his eyes and walks over to his duffel bag. “I get it, Tyra Banks. You’re America’s next top model. Either way, you’re not wearing that to a house party in this day and age. Here, take these.” He tosses Cas a pair of grey shorts and a black t-shirt. He knows that they aren’t exactly the same size, but they should fit.
Despite having to navigate these extreme challenges, before he knows it, Dean is packing up for the drive home to Kansas for Thanksgiving. He’s planning to spend a whole week back home, even though Sammy is only flying in for a couple of days, and spend some time seeing the friends who are like family around Lawrence. He knows that he’ll be back for winter break, but after that, he might end up anywhere. He wants to take advantage of this time while he has it.
Dean and Gabriel look at each other, grin, because this is their damn song and they’re sure not going to waste it. Moving into the highest range they muster, they belt out an off-key version of “All I Want for Christmas is You” and grab Cas and Jo by the hands, pull them into a frenetic and off-beat dance circle. Meg and Charlie have already gone, left the party together a few minutes after arriving, and Dean can’t wait to hear about it tomorrow. When the song finishes Dean is panting, beaming, holding Cas’ hand on one side and Jo’s on the other, and he can’t stop laughing.
Jo leads him up through the cactus-lined gravel paths of Pitzer, past the murals, around the back of a courtyard that Dean once puked in on a particularly out-of-hand Halloween and arrives at what seems like the millionth orange building on this campus. Someone is leaving when they get to the gate, so Jo holds it open as Dean and Anna slip past her to get inside.
“There’s no apostrophe. It’s just ‘NORMS.’ Stylized, certainly, but I am not convinced that the restaurant chain is of or belonging to a man named Norman.”
“Boy, let me get a good look at you,” Bobby leans back and squints. “You look good, Dean. Like you’ve finally filled out a bit. And like you’ve finally stop running from some demons.”
In his driest tone, Cas says, “Dean and I do share a more profound bond.” Charlie looks like she’s going to explode. Cas aims the slightest wink at Dean, so subtle that it could just be a trick of the light. “Charlie, we are glad to have you. Pull up a chair.”
He leads them through a courtyard, up two flights of stairs, and down a long hallway before stopping in front of a door that says “Sam and Brady!” inside of a yellow school bus. The dorm is fairly quiet; it seems that most of Sam’s peers have left campus for fall break. Dean feels a brief pang of guilt for making his brother spend this time with him, but pushes it down as hard as he can.
“Mind telling me what your ugly mug is doing ruining my breakfast view?” Dean asks, clapping Gabriel on his shoulder and fully stealing his mug of coffee. He sips it, chokes on what tastes like an entire bottle of the salted caramel sweetener that the dining hall stocks, and slams it back down in front of Gabe.
“Oh, yeah, sure. I love brunch. Love those… eggs,” he says helplessly, frantically trying to remember how he usually strings together a sentence. “Listen, it was great to see you all, but I have to go. I have a, uh, thing.”
He’s not paying attention when Cas stops and so he stumbles a bit, bumping into Cas as he comes to a halt as well. The rest of the party fills in around them and Dean finds himself pressed up against Cas, their noses almost touching and the rest of them definitely touching as bodies press in around them. Cas’ hand is gripping Dean’s shoulder and it feels so hot that it might sear a handprint straight into Dean’s skin. He says something into Dean’s ear and pulls back to grin, and Dean can’t hear him, but then Cas is turning around and putting Dean’s hands on his hips and now they’re dancing? They’re dancing, and it’s sweaty and hot and fucking
“What happened to the eggs?” Dean asks, aghast, as he surveys what looks like the entire contents of the pastry buffet on a single plate.
Dean laughs. “Oh, yeah, you’re totally welcome to drive up to Palo Alto with me and crash in my little brother’s dorm room for the weekend.”
Sam stays on the phone with Dean for long enough that the dining hall starts to fill up with students from across the colleges, growing noisy and bustling. He tells Dean about his classes, his roommate Brady, the parties he’s going to, and the clubs he wants to join. It makes Dean ache a little bit, thinking about how Sam has the whole world in front of him. Right now he’s saying that he wants to be pre-med and become an oncologist to help families like theirs, and Dean knows that if he decides he wants to do that, he absolutely will.
Castiel shakes his head. “Just the seltzers. I can grab you one from the fridge.” He crosses to a mini-fridge that Dean had somehow missed earlier, despite it being painted in a loud rainbow pattern. It’s stocked to the brim with, exactly as Castiel had described, truly every kind of alcoholic seltzer on the market. Cas tosses him a black cherry flavor from a brand he’s never heard of and he sits down at the very edge of the loveseat to start drinking it.
....and, because I actually already let her read Ch 2, here's Ch 3 also. 2 in 1! Like the best shampoos!
Well, he thinks, if he doesn’t get to sleep then neither does Sam. “Sammy,” he yells, banging on the wall. “Up and at ‘em. We’re going for a drive.”
“Thanks,” Jo says, smiling at Castiel. “And, uh, I’m just going to go with Anna to make sure she has everything she needs in there. Right, Anna?” Anna nods vigorously and they both giggle less-than-subtly as they head for the shower.
When he gets back to the room, the lights are off and Cas is already in bed. Dean looks at the floor and then up at the bed. Suddenly, Cas’ eyes flash open, luminous in the dark. “Dean,” he whispers. “Dean, come here. Please?”
Sam’s face reddens. “She’s not my girlfriend, exactly, just a girl I like, and Dean, you can’t embarrass me, she’s really cool and smart and pretty and nice and I want her to like me.”
“Wait, you go to the film screenings? Did you go to the showing of High Noon last semester? Some guy basically presented a media studies thesis comparing it to McCarthyism.”
Dean dives into a retelling of his most recent misadventures in Ghostly Machines, which had been spent on an experiment to try and summon his classmates’ special supernatural energies today. The entire class had had to channel their focus into a small side table that the professor brought in specifically for this purpose – so they could try lifting it with their minds. “I really can’t believe I’m getting credit for this, honestly,” Dean finishes. Cas laughs.
Grumpy Cas giving orders makes Dean just about melt. He complies immediately, turning on his side, and then realizes that there is still not that much space and his only real option is to fully spoon Cas. So he does. He wiggles into place and slots his left arm under Cas’ neck, his right arm tucking around his waist to hold him securely in place. His nose ends up buried in Cas’ soft, fragrant hair, and despite the tickle he breathes deeply to savor it. Cas, for his part, is already asleep.
Jo is in his other ear, reiterating, “Dean, you gotta show Castiel your room. Do you know that he hasn’t seen it? You need to go, show him, he needs to see it.”
Sometimes they even start early and fit in two movies back-to-back; on these nights, Dean often ends up drunk and sleepy and convincing himself to walk out that door instead of sinking into the loveseat that has become his standard seating assignment in Cas’ suite. On these nights, he often also ends up texting Aaron for a quick exchange of lazy handjobs before falling into a drunken sleep.
?” Dean says, trying to tame the sudden nerves he has about these tight quarters. “And here I thought you were putting up this fancy privacy screen for little old me!”
They pull up outside of a beautiful, Spanish-style dorm building sometime in the early afternoon. Dean pulls into a parking spot and lets out a sigh then subsequent groan as he stretches his creaky legs out and swings out of the driver’s seat into the bright sunshine of the Palo Alto afternoon. Walking around the back to lean against the trunk, he shoots a quick text to Sam letting him know that they’ve arrived.
This is the drug that keeps him coming back to this underclassman with a sweet smile and a soft brunette cowlick, the high that made him drink enough to make this okay every few weeks last semester; seeing this sturdy, powerful man turn soft and vulnerable beneath him. Aaron sucks wet kisses into Dean’s neck, biting down just a little like he knows Dean likes, until Dean gives in and lets Aaron take over.
“Dean-o!” Gabe cries, flinging his arms open, oblivious to the tiny explosion that is happening inside of Dean’s head. “I hear you took care of my little bro’s bike last week!” He claps one hand on Dean’s shoulder and squeezes Castiel’s cheek with the other. “Nothing but the best for my sweet little punim.”
And Dean? Well, Dean has a big pile of nothing waiting for him at the other end of the graduation stage. He’s hoping that he can tap the extensive Claremont McKenna alum network to somehow get employed, but his best guess right now is that he’ll be working in Bobby’s garage at least through the summer.
“Dean,” she says finally, looking at Dean with a gravity that Dean isn’t sure he has ever seen before, “you know that you can tell me anything, right? I care about you. And I’ll always care about you.”
The second the door Is closed, Dean all but sprints to the fridge. Just as he had hoped, hidden in a small pink box in the back is a thick slice of coconut cream pie from the local diner. Nothing in this world has ever been so good to him as the diner is, the place where he and Sam would go to do homework and scarf down burgers and sample every single kind of pie known to man.
“Hey Winchester,” calls a familiar voice rounding the corner to the bike shed. Craning his neck, Dean catches sight of Jo Harvelle, his favorite of the girls who intern with the athletic trainer. Like him, Jo used to be a soccer player, but after one too many concussions in her freshman year she was forced to retire after just one season. Instead of giving up on it completely, she started working towards a kinesiology degree and interning with the trainer during her downtime.
Dean wakes up slowly, feeling like he’s floating on the calmest sea. He feels so warm, so secure, but can’t quite remember why. He breathes deeply and smells a floral shampoo and Dove soap. That makes sense, because he’s definitely spooning someone. What happened last night? He tries to remember through the haze of alcohol and late night eyes what exactly he did. He was drunk, and then Cas—
He keeps his eyes trained on Cas’ back, hand clutched tightly in sweaty hand. His gaze wanders down to where Cas fills out those grey shorts so well, better than Dean ever has. Vaguely, Dean has the thought that Aaron is hot, no question, but he doesn’t have the ass that Cas has. Or the confidence, or the humor, or the stormy ocean blue eyes that Dean wants to fucking drown in.
Not like Sam is going to notice, though – he and Jess have been unable to look away from each other since the first round of shots. Dean’s actually not sure if they can physically see outside of their private little love tunnel anymore.
Trying to remember the details of what he agreed to and frankly regretting both the effort and the agreement, Dean stumbles through the motions of getting dressed and tries to remember where his wallet is. The bright red shorts from last night hang haphazardly from his desk drawer and he avoids eye contact as he slips on a pair of navy athletic shorts instead.
“Hello from a soccer guy,” says a ketchup-soaked Gabriel. “I love a little GNI. Girls’ Night In, Cassie, don’t make that face.”
Gabriel shrugs. “They didn’t fit. Plus, I got distracted talking to Raphael as he was refilling the pastry bar. My man! Well, my other man. You’re my number one man, even if you won’t let me put my hands on your balls anymore.”
“Ol Cassie’s mom got hitched to my dad this summer,” Gabe says. Castiel’s frown deepens at the nickname. “We actually didn’t even meet until the wedding. That’s when I found out that this bag of chuckles is my fraternal twin brother now!”
Dean mulls this over as he pulls his laptop out of his backpack and opens up a Netflix window, then grabs the pie off of the nightstand. Leaning back into the pillows, he takes a big bite of coconut cream and lets the soothing sounds of Doctor Sexy wash over him. He breathes deeply and thinks to himself that there truly is no place like home.
Benny laughs. “Dean, if there’s anything I’m sure of, it’s that yeah, you might be into dudes. So tell me about the lucky fella who’s inspiring this journey.”
“Deeeean,” Gabe argues. “Just because you got your heart broke by Lady Soccer and also a million other women doesn’t mean you stop trying!”
Benny picks up his coffee mug and raises it in a salute. “Ah, you’re finally having your big gay panic. I was waiting for this.”
She rolls her eyes. “Okay, dork. All I’m saying is, you could stand to encounter the feminine touch again.”
Cas surveys the liquor and then, without a moment of hesitation, downs it with no chaser. Jo cheers and hands him another. “Okay, and now this one, Dean, you join too!”
Cas must have plugged Dean’s phone in by the door, since Dean is quite confident that he did not have the mental presence to do so on his own when they got back last night. He grabs it and scrolls through his texts. One from Gabe, asking how the trip is going. A couple from various friends who are still on campus, including Aaron, wondering if he’s around. And then, from Sam:
Except that he does. When he started thinking that maybe he didn’t want to play soccer anymore, it was too painful to spend time with someone who knew him down to his core and was unfailing in his stability. He needed to be around people who would embrace whatever flights of fancy he took, encourage chaotic turns, and not care about the consequences. He knew that Benny wouldn’t judge him, since that wasn’t Benny’s style, but he also knew exactly what Benny would say and he was scared to hear it.
In between, of course, were the women – Rhonda Hurley in high school, who was the first to let Dean embrace any kind of feminine side when she convinced him to wear a pair of her satiny silk panties to third period calc. After, they had to leave school early to fuck in Dean’s car because he was too horny to wait. There had been numerous one night stands and flings, and then of course his on-again, off-again relationship with Lisa Braeden from sophomore spring to junior fall.
Dean leans back, rubbing his chin. “Now there’s a good point, Cas. Perhaps the restaurant is owned by a collection of Norms. Just many Norms in a restaurant ownership group.”
Luckily, a full week later, Dean is feeling much more generous towards the bottle and is even looking forward to a cocktail and movie night later this evening. He and Jo are pregaming with dinner, currently sitting under a tree that is connected to its neighbor by a slackline. One grassy Mound over is a large group passing around a very obvious joint. Someone has brought a tiny Chihuahua and Dean has been entertaining Jo with impersonations of the dog when he suddenly has a thought.
He throws himself onto the bed and sets the pie on the nightstand. Sinking into the mattress, he lets out a sigh. Memory foam. It remembers him.
Jo hugs him, then Cas, and takes Dean’s jungle juice from his hand to take a sip. “I’ve been well, Sir Gabriel, and you? Castiel tells me that y’all literally met each other at your own parents’ wedding this summer. That has to be a traumatic story.”
Bobby was never the biggest fan of John Winchester’s soccer plans for his son. From the early days when John would make Dean put in extra practice hours in the freezing dark days of Kansas winters to the final seasons of high school when John would show up, drunk and rambling, to harass opponents and their coaches, Bobby had never quite approved. He was supportive, sure, but Dean could tell that there was a slight bit of relief in his voice when Dean had called last spring to announce his retirement.
“Well what are you doing instead? How’s school? How come you don’t have time to call the man who raised you and let him know you’re safe?”
They walk around downtown Palo Alto for a few hours, checking out an old bookstore, a magic shop, and an Apple store in rapid succession. They finish with a few scoops of ice cream at a smaller storefront, and Dean delights in covering his with as many sprinkles as he can find in the self-serve station. Castiel, for his part, orders a child’s serving of coffee flavor. “I can’t handle sugar,” he says in response to Dean’s questioning look. “Last time I had a regular scoop of ice cream, several people ended up dead.” Dean is ninety percent sure he’s joking.
They spill out into the night at about 11:00, and Dean orders a Lyft on his phone. Sam beats him to the passenger seat and he ends up squished in the back with Jess and Cas. Jess insists that Cas’ hips are slimmer than hers, so he sits in the middle with his full body pressed against Dean’s. Dean doesn’t mind, though, because now he’s drunk and it’s kind of nice to lean into Cas’ body and let the warmth spread through him. He’s just a little bit disappointed when they pull up outside of a beautiful, two-story Palo Alto home and have to join the world again.
“Ah, of course. Anna, you are still welcome to shower here. I put out a towel for you and you can use any of the products in the blue caddy. Please let me know if you need anything. Bathroom is the last door at the end of the hall,” Cas says, pointing towards the only open door in the suite.
Cas’ eyes remain wide as he approaches the car with a certain reverence. “My grandfather used to collect classic cars. They were all sold off when he died, but I still know a beauty when I see one.” Dean unlocks the car and Cas, with extreme delicacy, places his bag in the backseat.
“Well, Dean Winchester, is okay if I interrupt your private dinner hour with Castiel? This ol’ boy hasn’t been answering my calls lately and I think he might be cheating on me.”
Aside from his one hurried text conversation with Sam, Dean has done very little planning for this trip. Mostly what he’s done is ask himself whether it’s weirder to share Brady’s bed with Cas or Sam’s bed with Sam. He’s certainly shared plenty of beds with Sam before, so he’s leaning towards that option, though his memory of certain Sam-related gaseous odors puts him off the idea just a touch. The floor suddenly seems incredibly inviting.
“Dean, you just told me to bring an outfit for a party,” Cas argues heatedly. “You didn’t tell me what kind of party, and these are the only clothes I have, so I’m wearing them.”
Sam opens the door to reveal his room and Dean stops in his tracks. Cas bumps up behind him and mutters an apology. “Oh, sorry,” Dean responds absent-mindedly, continuing into the room. He wasn’t sure why, but he really hadn’t imagined it to be this
“That wasn’t my question,” says Dean, staring down at the grass and picking at the blades closest to him. “I know I’m straight. I’m just wondering about Cas.”
“You really shouldn’t be so surprised, Dean. Gabriel and Joanna tell me that we have many things in common.”
Jo gives him a sidelong glance. “I’ll let you know as soon as I have a conclusive update, but don’t hold your breath.”
Mostly, though, the last few weeks have been filled with Not Talking About It. Not with Sam, not with Cas, not with Jo, and certainly not with Gabriel. No, Dean is keeping a tight lid on whatever happened in Palo Alto. Just because he thinks about it almost every day doesn’t mean that he has to
“Yes, I’ve put my demon-escaping days behind me,” Dean jokes, beginning to put the groceries away in the narrow cabinets.
In the doorway stands Castiel. His hair looks somehow even thicker and darker than usual, which is making his eyes shine even brighter. He’s dressed in a slim cut white button-down and grey slacks, with his famed tan trench coat on top. Forgetting himself, Dean lets his gaze wander across the tightly fitted fabric of the white shirt and admires the length of Cas’ legs in those slacks. Clearing his throat, he adjusts his legs and leans back before arranging his features into more of a judgmental scowl.
The silence stretches between them and Dean feels like he’s drowning in it. He grasps wildly for conversation topics, but everything he has to say feels boring. He tries to think as he vaguely watches the silent TV screen, which seems to be a show about vampires in love. Finally, he settles on the safest territory he can think of. “So, where are your roommates tonight?” he asks, gesturing to the many empty seats. “Weren’t interested in a Nicolas Cage deep dive?”
It isn’t until after Dean has finished half of his hot coffee, black, that Sam turns the question back. “So,” he begins. “How’s Castiel?”
As Sam chats excitedly about a variety of nuts and seeds that Dean will never learn, care about, or sample, Dean guides him towards the door and grabs both of their coats from the coatrack. They trudge through the rows of used cars behind the shop to the lot where Dean left the Impala and slide into the seats.
And now here he finds himself, poorly rested and extremely hungover, wondering why his damn phone keeps ringing. “Shut up,” he moans, squeezing his eyes shut as hard as he can and keeping the pillow over his head. It doesn’t work. The ringtone starts again.
By the time fall break rolls around, Cas and Dean have settled into a routine of movie nights on Sunday, dinner on Monday, breakfast on Wednesday, brunch on Saturday, and the odd night drinking together at some point during the weekend if they both happen to be available. Jo jokes that Cas is Dean’s emotional support animal. Dean bristles.
“Sure thing,” Dean says, his voice coming out higher than he intends. “I mean, uh, sure, yeah, I can take a look,” he adjusts, this time managing to make the words sound gruff.
“I mentioned to Gabriel at the wedding that I too was a student of the Claremont Consortium and he insisted that I attend his party,” Castiel offers as further explanation. “I’m not typically much for parties, but I do enjoy a good drink and an opportunity to observe young adult social behavior.” His solemnity is perplexing to Dean, who has trouble with social situations in the best of circumstances and is still rendered inept by the swirl of alcohol and horny brewing in his belly. Horniness? He’s truly not sure of the noun form, if one exists at all, and he’s certainly too drunk to consider it for long.
Charlie is halfway through telling Dean about the time that she and Cas tried to road trip to Vegas together when she interrupts herself to turn to Cas. “Please don’t hate me,” she begs. “I just remembered something that’s going to make you kind of mad.”
“So, Jess, tell me about yourself,” he begins. She covers all the standard territory – freshman from Palo Alto (it’s one of her friends from high school who’s throwing the house party they’re headed to tonight), interested in a pre-med track, loves dogs and hiking, knows Brady from summer camp, and initially bonded with Sam over their shared love of Lord of the Rings (gross). She’s halfway through telling them about her internship with Stanford Hospital when the door opens once again and Dean looks up, unguarded.
“She’s coming,” Sam says with the tension of a man about to enter a war. “She just said she’s coming over now. Dean, don’t be weird, okay? Don’t be fucking weird and don’t say anything about that one time I—”
As Castiel wheels the offending vehicle into the shop, Dean tries his very hardest to keep his eyes trained on the wheels and not the seat. Of the bike. Obviously. It’s very nice – the bike – fairly run of the mill for this wealthy student body, but certainly more expensive than the school bikes. Cas describes the problem to Dean, who half-listens as he begins examining the bike himself.
Heaving a sigh, Dean reaches down to where he’s stuffed his backpack in the corner of the shop and pulls out his water bottle. It’s the fancy kind that keeps water cold for hours and hours, a gift from his baby brother Sam when he got into Claremont McKenna. It has seen better days and by now bears the dings and scratches of three years of bouncing around in various sports bags, backpacks, and the trunk of Dean’s 1967 Chevy Impala.
Oh God, brunch. Oh, he had forgotten about this particular evil. “What do you mean, your car? Are we going to south campus Pomona or something?”
Halfway through dinner, Bobby gets a call that his towing services are needed in town. He gives Dean an apologetic look. “I’m sorry to do this to you, son,” he says, shrugging on his jacket. “On your first night back and everything. Well, either way, take a look in the fridge. It was supposed to be a surprise welcome-home gift.”
Jo nods and throws a quick middle finger over her shoulder to Dean. “Catch ya on the flipside, weirdo!” she calls as she trudges off towards Styrofoam scrambled eggs and stale blueberry scones. Dean, for some reason, feels extremely jealous.
“Shut up,” Dean says, not wanting to talk because of the aforementioned thinking and changing, and throws his tank top somewhere in the direction of the floor. Aaron complies, pressing his mouth to Dean’s and pulling him down on top of him. Dean’s hands find Aaron’s, pressing them into the bed as he feels Aaron lightly nip at his bottom lip. He can feel his heart beating faster, feeling so goddamn alive, grinding his hips down and getting a heady rush as Aaron hardens beneath him.
They stop at a liquor store so that Dean can pick up some alcohol for the night, and then start pregaming in Sam’s room. Dean feels the energy lighten with each drink that he and Castiel take, so he begins some heavier pours into their respective glasses. By the time they start getting ready to leave, he and Cas are both, well, drunk.
“Thank you. That’s beside the point. I knew I was bi from the moment I laid eyes on you, and it took a few years to get over you. But I could never understand how you managed to justify to yourself that you were straight and then swallow down my cock in a McDonald’s parking lot just because I called you a good boy after a game.”
Dean grins back. “Benny! How are you?” He gets up to shake Benny’s hand and is surprised to be pulled into a full-on bear hug.
Movie night quickly turns into Dean’s favorite part of the week. As the oppressive heat of August melts into the long nights of September and then slowly dissolves into the slightly cooler days of October, they make their way through both National Treasures, the entire Twilight Saga (with much complaining from Dean and Gabriel, though Jo tells them that it sounds insincere), and a brief flirtation with the Bourne series.
That did actually change things. Women’s rugby means Meg, Jo’s best friend, and Anna, Jo’s girlfriend, which means Jo. All three are much more enjoyable to hang out with than almost anyone on the team. Present company excluded, though Dean will never admit that out loud.
Deciding that maybe he’ll ride the inertia of brunch to the library, he grabs his backpack on his way out and zips up his laptop and notebooks inside. He gets to Gabe’s car a few minutes later, chewing some Extra Polar Ice and hoping he doesn’t look as terrible as he feels.
Dean isn’t much of a decorator, so his room remains simply appointed. Opposite the door, under the huge window, a dark oak bedframe holds a memory foam mattress with forest-green sheets and a quilt that Mary had made for him while she was going through chemo. Two squat nightstands sit on either side of the bed. The closets take up one side of the room, while the other opens into the Jack-and-Jill bathroom that Dean shares with Sam. In what used to be the only empty corner, next to the door, Dean added a comfy armchair he found in a thrift store the day he found out he got the scholarship to CMC.
He sends the text one-handed, barely waiting a second for a response before setting course for yet another dorm room.
“Take this off,” Cas huffs in his ear, tugging on his formal-wear shirt. “And these too.” Cas himself leans back and takes his trench coat off sleeve by sleeve, throws it somewhere in the corner, and Dean has to stop everything he’s doing to watch his strip tease fantasy come to life. Cas unbuttons his shirt astonishingly quickly, revealing the strong muscles and soft skin that have filled Dean’s thoughts for weeks now, and then reaches down to unzip his slacks. This time, instead of stopping at his boxers, he pulls those off too, and suddenly Cas is naked and on top of him and looking down at him hungrily.
Being back here, though… there’s one person who’s hard not to remember. Leaning over, Dean grabs a picture frame off of the nightstand. One nightstand is dedicated to pictures of family – Mary and John with baby Sam and toddler Dean, Mary teaching Dean how to play piano, and Bobby proudly showing off Dean’s high school diploma at graduation while Dean smiles bashfully next to him. The other side has just one frame, and it’s the one that Dean is holding now.
“I like you a lot as a friend, Dean,” he says, maintaining a calm and steady eye contact in the 2:00 AM light. “But I’ve met my breakfast guy. And I want to see if I can make it work. I hope you understand and I hope we can still hang out, maybe in the daytime even.”
And then it’s one in the morning and the band stops to tell them that this is the last song before they’ll all be sent out into the world, they don’t have to go home but they can’t stay here. Of course, the last song starts with a familiar, “I… don’t want a lot for Christmas. There is just one thing I need.”
Dean takes a deep breath and carefully tries again. “Benny, I think I’m in love with my best friend,” he says. “And I think my best friend is in love with me back.”
Dean, in fact, has not thought about that. That is a wildly new angle for the son of John Winchester, who had strong feelings about homosexuality and made them known from the moment Dean was old enough to understand the slurs. He thinks for a moment. Okay, maybe not a crisis. Maybe it’s okay. Maybe it’s a… good thing?
With each assignment completed, Dean’s mind wanders a little bit less. He wishes he had made time for a quick run before his homework, since the events of the last forty-eight hours are enough to fill his thoughts for at least a few miles. He still can’t shake the anxiety he feels about the whole Aaron situation and idly wonders if he should close the book on that for good.
No matter how much Sam pestered him, Cas refused to go into detail about what the deal had been and what he had done to summon it. Cas had just been dumped rather unceremoniously onto the dungeon floor after Jack, the new God (Chuck’s powers were expelled before the Empty took him, and they latched onto the only being powerful enough to contain them, which of course happened to be a four year old with an obsession with Legos) managed to convince the Empty to let him go.
There was a loud thud, a crash of breaking glass, and Sam swearing loudly. Cas leapt to his feet. Dean hadn’t even processed what had happened yet.
“Yeah, okay.” He sighed, groaning as his bad knee protested him standing up. “Round up Cas. We’re out in twenty.”
His mind must have been playing tricks on him, because he could have sworn the shadows slowed down a little as they passed his room before speeding back up.
“He was…his desperation rung louder than any prayer I was hearing at the time. His anguish and fear were like those big speakers Sam has in the gym. Made his prayer loud.”
“Dunno. He’s been ducking out for a few hours every week or so. Just assumed he was seeing some chick.” Dean grunted. That only made Jack frown deeper.
Cas’ hand tightened on his arm and Dean’s hazy brain decided the contact was much more interesting to focus on.
“Ah.” Cas spaced out for a minute like he hadn’t thought about it. “For whatever reason, plants enjoy my presence. I’ve found that tending for them makes them grow faster and better than they would by any human’s hand.”
Dean blinked, taking in the mischievous grin on Cas’ face before he burst out laughing. He released their entwined hands to cradle the back of his angel’s neck as his laughing rolled out into the quiet morning.
There was a throaty hitch deep in Cas’ chest when Dean’s hands rose to cup his face. His eyelids were trembling as unshed tears wobbled right on the edge, and Dean couldn’t stand it. He had never seen Cas cry before, not like this, vulnerable and hopeless. He
“What do you think, Dean?” Jack asked eagerly. There was a brief moment where Dean caught the look on Cas’ face. It was trepidation, wariness that he would tell Jack to put it back and voice John’s words aloud. But his face smoothed over a moment later into a passive expression. Dean tried to swallow down the shame burning the back of his throat. He should have treated Jack better. He shouldn’t have given Cas a reason to look at him like that.
“You asked me where I’ve been going when I drive off. It’s the errand I didn’t want to tell you about.” Cas ducked his head and shuffled his feet shyly. “I…I have a garden on the Bunker’s rooftop. It’s partially why I couldn’t go with you on your longer hunts, the garden required my attention. And I was…worried you and Sam would not approve.”
“I dunno. Said he had some errands to run, but he got all secretive about it.” Dean shrugged. “Don’t you just…
He felt that nostalgic sense of a chapter closing, similar to how he felt when he and Sam went back to their childhood home for a case all those years ago. The Bunker had been their home for years, memories were embedded in those walls that no one else could know or learn. It would be a bittersweet goodbye, leaving behind one era for another. He already knew some days he’d miss it, the first place he’d called home in all of his adult life.
“You’re…you’re leaving the Bunker?” Cas’ voice cracked in one vulnerable tremble of his voice, and Dean’s head snapped up.
Cas sulked the entire drive home, squinty eyes glowering out the window and hands folded in his lap. Sam looked smug and Dean tried very hard not to think that maybe the phone number crumpled in Cas’ pocket was being saved for another time.
They headed out, Cas beside Dean as Sam walked unnaturally fast for the exit. The hosts big them goodnight and Dean was about to tell Cas there was some pie waiting back at the Bunker when two things happened.
“Jesus, is the world ending or something?” Dean asked incredulously, making Cas blink and jerk his head up. “Who’s bombarding your phone?”
“Better.” He murmured. Cas leaned forward, eyes shining. Dean mirrored him effortlessly. “I’m gonna date the shit outta you.” It was a promise. Not the most eloquent, but he meant it in his soul.
“Wait,” Dean croaked as something occurred to him. “I was supposed to go with you to the Bunker. When Chuck came after you.”
“A part of me will always miss it.” There was a sadness in Cas’ voice that had nothing to do with the garden or the Bunker, and Dean recognized it instantly. He was talking about his wings.
. The dumbass had made some stupid deal with the Empty and used it to trap God, which (to Cas’ dumb, stupid credit) actually worked.
“I wouldn’t have regret doing it.” Cas told him, eyes flashing fiercely. “My only regret would have been how my happiness and subsequent death affected you.”
“It was supposed to be a surprise.” She smiled. “Anyway, can you give me a ride? The nearest shop is two hours from here.”
“Why is that…important right now?” He choked, his jeans tight and his lips pounding with his heartbeat.
“Wanna ask you to move with me.” He mumbled softly, staring at the canvas jacket clutched in his fingers. “If…if you want.”
“Oops.” He said hoarsely. The sounds of fighting were gone. Sam came rushing into his already blurring vision.
“You big, fat, pants-on-fire liar.” His indignant tone didn’t quite land with the amused smile tugging his lips up. Cas just shot him a sly grin.
But that made sense, of course. Dean currently have very few thoughts that weren’t about Cas and his thigh against his. Or maybe the waitress had him on his mind too.
Cas unlocks Sam’s door and Dean tumbles over the threshold. He lands on Brady’s bed and feels something starchy beneath him, and when he looks down he sees the tan fabric of a trench coat. He wonders idly if Cas would be willing to repeat the show from earlier.
It’s been two years and he is still doing the same tango. No matter how many times he tells himself he is done with that part of his life, there he is again; driving through the same roads all the way from the other side of the country. He really is pathetic.
Once, years ago, Dean was able to count the things that made him happy on one hand. Sammy, The Impala, a good pie and a good lay. Then he dared think he deserves more, he took more and now it’s too many things to count, but all of them led to the same source. The one sitting in front of him, looking as pained as he felt.
“Just this once, okay?” It was selfish, but he couldn’t stop his mouth from forming the words anyway. “Just one more time and you won’t see me ever again.”
He was also wondering why he kissed him back, not wanting to ever let go, and why his face hurt from the grin taking over his face once they pulled apart to breathe.
There were nights when the boy couldn’t sleep; those nights he took one of the many books he required through the years and let himself be immersed in a world that wasn’t his own. One that didn’t feel as lonely as his did.
“No, you are. And I need you to promise me not to move it.” Their eyes met now and he knew this was the one thing he is not backing down from. Some things are better off not being seen, and his Soulmark was definitely one of them.
Dean was nothing, but smiles as the “Hello Dean” was whispered between the two, followed by a body pressing him against a wall and lips crushed against his own.
Not once did Cas stop him or say a word, opting to just hold him and hum whenever Dean stopped to breathe for a second.
Of course the dick disappeared before he has a chance to, and right after telling them that ‘hey, Lilith is trying to free Lucifer and it’s up to you to stop her’ because of course it fucking is. And if Dean drinks himself to sleep again that night, well Sam sure as hell says nothing about it. He isn’t sure he wouldn’t have punched his brother if he tried.
He still wakes up at the ass crack of dawn and makes coffee, gets a smile and a goodbye kiss for his efforts, but now he also gets in his car an hour later and goes to work, where he gets to fix things instead of break them. And he banters with the guys that do the same, because they are kind of cool to work with too. They invite Dean for beer after his shifts that he keeps declining because he saw the relief on Cas’s face when he came back from his first day of work, and it was enough to make him promise himself that he will come straight home every day. If only to never see that look on his face again.
Cas was there though. As Dean woke up gasping and disoriented Cas was right there, arms wrapped around him feeling like a safety blankets that he knows he doesn’t deserve.
Dean also remembers that it’s Friday so it’s his turn to cook dinner, and that there are grocery bags in his trunk that have icecream that will melt if he doesn’t get it home soon. And he should really get home soon because Cas will worry if he just doesn’t, won’t he? How would he feel if he just gets back to an empty apartment? How long would he wait for him this time? How many missed calls on his new phone would there be?
The man knew what a sight the other made. Eyes red, teeth bare, fur as wet and matted as his own, but muzzle covered in blood still. Dean remembers how he looked dripping in it. And he knows how he must look now; big and wild. No sight of humanity in those eyes.
But he needs this. Fuck everything, he needs this, no matter how useless or pathetic that makes him sound.
And there it was. The one million dollar question. Dean chuckled at his own joke. It might have been his second beer.
Something bitter settled over him a little later as he stood under the spray of water in the shower and stared at his own words. Have a pen? Dean almost wanted to laugh at how fucking normal the words were. Of course Sammy got something normal. Of course he wasn’t fucked over like Dean himself has been; over and over again.
Cas must have felt the same way since Dean barely made it to the bed before a gravelly voice spoke into the stifling silence surrounding them. “How is your leg?”
The dorms weren’t his home so he wasn’t sad when he left his tight little room once he graduated high school.
Castiel doesn’t even look affected even though Dean is five second away from stabbing him again no matter how ineffective it is. “I warned her not to spy on my true form. It can be... overwhelming to humans, and so can my real voice. But you already knew that.”
“I didn’t get rid of it.” He wasn’t looking at Dean anymore, but at his arm as he spoke; only looking up when Dean almost choked in surprise at the next words. “I like it, so I’m keeping it.”
It was selfish and stupid, but Dean couldnt get the smile off of his face, even as Sam kicked him from under the table with a frown and a 'Gross, Dean' as he noticed it.
As Cas scraped his teeth against that one spot under his ear Dean had a real hard time caring about that right now though.
The smell had him scrunching his nose in disgust and looking up at the man, ready to argue about whatever leaf water was being offered, but stopping short because he was there and he should just shut up before he’s kicked to the curb like he deserves.
The words made him almost choke but he ended up scoffing instead. “Get the hell out of here. There's no such thing.”
“Hiya Sammy.” Dean tried for nonchalant as the two of them inched forward. From the look on his brother’s face it obviously fell on deaf ears. He didn’t let that detour him though. “What did I miss?” Yea, the smile was definitely more of a grimace, he could feel it.
“You made an exception for me.” Dean is not meeting his eyes as he speaks. It’s quiet around them and it’s making him want to whisper but he doesn’t. He stands his ground as their eyes meet and Cas hesitates.
Dean was about to casually mention the janitors closet again when he almost ran into someone, only to turn around and see that it was a familiar someone. “Hey Sammy, how was that test?”
Dean met Sammy’s eyes over the top of the others head, he was human now too, looking so confused that Dean knew that there will be many questions later.
If he could have smiled without a grimace he would have. Instead he just passed his fingers through thick fur again before inclining his head towards where his pack still stood. “Come on. Let’s go show them that you won’t kill anyone so I can go find a place to pass out.”
But then demons come, and of course it was a demon that got him out. What the fuck else would be strong enough, but a damn demon. The itch that’s been under his skin since he got out just got worse at the though. Figures, Dean Winchester; soulmate of a demon. He would have scoffed if Sam and Bobby weren’t there.
There was silence. Dean tipped back the empty bottle in his hand  so he doesn’t have to meet the eyes he could feel on him. He’s classy like that.
“The hell is wrong with your arm, boy?” Said boy did his best not to wince as Bobby asked the most obvious question the second he was in the door. Of course it was Bobby.
He just wants out, even if just for a few days of driving, he wants to pretend none of this is happening right now. Like John didn’t yell after Sam to never come back. Pretend like Sam didn’t answer with ‘I don’t plan to’ right before slamming that damn door behind him.
There was a towel around his waist as he stood in the middle of the bathroom, fastening the arm guard on when he heard a fluttering of wings and a “Dean.”
Dean could still remember waking up to that mess of hair and the feeling of combing his fingers trough it until the others eyes finally opened and a smile found itself on his face as an answer to his own. He has always been a grumpy son of a bitch in the morning, but that little pull up of the corners of his lips was for Dean to see anyway.
Thankfully Bobby left it at that, and aside from a few glances towards the arm guard, didn’t say anything more about it. Dean wasn’t sure if he was grateful or disappointed at that, but he went with grateful. It was the safer option.
The car horn is loud as he punches the steering wheel, getting the attention of other people on the pumps; not that he pays it much mind anyway; just starting the car and turning back onto the highway faster than it was intended.
They have this weird ass friendship between them that Dean doesn’t know what to do with. Once, Cas has told him that he is not a hammer and that he has doubts. Then he rebelled and those doubts became something bigger as the three of them fought anything and everything that was thrown at them.
Dean doesn’t deserve this, doesn’t deserve a second chance when they both know that he will leave again.
Dean was drunk. Sam was pissed. And all was back to how it’s supposed to be. He brought his almost empty bottle up in a toast to no one as he sat on the floor of their motel room, empty aside from himself, because of course Sam can’t look at him anymore without feeling guilty. “Cheers.” He downed the rest of the whiskey and let the bottle fall to the ground. “See you in a year you son of a bitch.”
Who even knows if the thing he came here for is even still there. If he thinks about it, chances are that it isn’t. There is no way Dean has any kind of luck anymore. He has shed blood too many times for anything good in his life. And this is good. Was; he reminds himself with clenched fists. This was good. This was too good for Dean to keep in his life.
People will start dying again no matter what they do, Dean is just the unlucky bastard who made sure of it. He is also the unlucky bastard who keeps seeing blue whenever he closes his eyes.
He did however make sure to be a bit more careful with those; only ever flirting with them at night when neither Sam nor John would ever see or get a word of it. Not wanting that particular part of his life to get out. He may be a bit bisexual or whatever but he was not suicidal.
From one town to the next  Dean managed to steal an arm guard; shrugging his shoulders when Sam asked him why. John never asked.
Dean is drinking; there are many reasons why he is drinking alone in the dark. One is because he knows God and angels and all that crap isn’t real; and yet Castiel showed him his fucking wings. Another is because of course this is who his soulmate is; he doesn’t even have to take the arm guard off to know what he will see there and to know that is exactly what he heard yesterday. But the thing, Castiel, the angel, whatever, didn’t say anything about that at all. Like it didn’t matter. Like it wasn’t a big deal.
The car speeds on anyway. It speeds all the way past the border of Idaho and right into Oregon. Just passing the border and seeing the all too familiar ‘Welcome to Oregon’ sign feels like a punch in the gut and it takes everything in Dean not to just turn around then.
They traveled for years. Hunting monsters, taking care of Sammy and worrying if this will be the day that his dad drinks himself to death.  They traveled and killed and Dean learned not to vomit anymore. He learned how to cook for his baby brother with just a few cents to their name and no idea when John will come back, or if he ever will. Dean learned how to cut out a werewolves heart on his own and with his stomach being in one place. He grew and aged and hated that this is his life now; but he had to get over that. Because this is his life now. And cowards who have feelings and reminisce on the past don’t survive this life. That is a luxury he doesn’t have. Not Dean. Not ever.
“Come on man. It’s safe. We’re safe. They won’t hurt us.” Standing back upright was a feat in and of itself, but the words fell on deaf ears. Dean let go of his death grip in order to push his fingers through the hairs on the back of the beast’s neck instead. Because that’s all that Cas was right now, he was a beast. An animal led by instinct and rage.
“Nice to see you too, Cas.” Dean spoke as the lips moved from his lips to his neck, sounding breathless and not caring one bit. There are more pressing matters to attend to, like figuring out why it’s a bad idea to fuck against the wall he was being pressed against.
“Son of a Bitch!” The unexpected noise made him jump and almost drop the thing. As it was he just held on tighter, grit his teeth and turned around. “The hell man?”
Dean’s heart sank even as he did his best to smile, knowing it turned out more of a grimace then anything. Sam was too happy to notice though, practically bouncing where he stood.
“You are.” Dean stopped breathing at the sureness of the others voice as he said it. As if it was that simple. As if Dean didn’t watch people run themselves into the ground because of this his whole life. “I’ll stay, as long as you want me to.”
The effort got him an eye roll in return, and damn there go those damn butterflies in his gut again. Way to act like a teenage girl, Winchester.
“Doubtful.” It was yelled back without even turning around, which just put the grin back to his face. Seeing it made Sammy groan and continue walking towards his own class without much more then “It was good” and “See ya.”
“Oh come on Cas, I even stole the keys.” Keeping up with the others stride was no problem for Dean as they weaved around other students in the hallway. No one was paying them much mind even as he jiggled said keys in his hands to show them off.
He still doesn’t move though. Hope is a bitch like that. Sometimes it sneaks up on you even though you know better than to trust it. It should have been too long for any hope, he shouldn’t even feel hope. It’s stupid. The whole thing was stupid in the first place, let alone after six years.
Sam is keeping an eye on him because he apparently drinks too much now. He would think that all the years spent in hell and all the days Cas has been dead are a good enough excuse to give, but it’s not like he can tell Sam that. So he just shuts his mouth and sneaks in a beer when he can.
Dean spent the rest of the night hiding in his room and drinking himself to sleep. Of course this had to happen now. Of course it fucking did.
“Don’t be such a spoil sport.” He was walking backwards now, making sure to turn his smile to one hundred because that’s what always works. “I know you want to.” Dean wiggled his eyebrows and the frown deepened.
“What if I want you to never leave?” He was meeting his eyes again, but damn everything if seeing so much raw determination and want didn’t make him want to run and hide; and maybe drink a full bar.
With the apocalypse looming over them he didn’t even have time to think about the Soulmark still hidden on his arm. It’s not like there was much to think about anyway. It’s not happening and that was it. Dean was very much fine with that.
“Dean doesn’t like his Soulmark.” Sam chimed in from behind him, making him grit his teeth. Of course he fucking doesn’t like his Soulmark. In the kitchen a bottle was set on the counter a little too hard. What is there to like?
With Sam gone they both threw themselves into even more hunts. Sometimes apart, sometimes together. John acted as if Sam died and Dean learned pretty quickly not to mention the other in front of him if he didn’t want a bottle thrown at his head.
It’s in South Dakota that he finally lets himself stop at a motel for the night. He doesn’t take the phone out of the glove department to charge. There’s no point. He can deal with his anger face to face when he’s ready to.
He decided not to get close to him though, not wanting to go through rejection and abandonment again.
Dean braces himself and gets the demon knife, but again Bobby is the one who speaks first. “Who are you?”
If he thought that Cas would actually listen to him for once and just leave it, he would have been wrong. More then once Dean would catch him staring at his arm guard like he was trying to see though it.
But damn everything to hell, it is a huge ass fucking deal and he needs to drink until he passes out right here, right now.
It took a few minutes of shuffling in the kitchen before Cas sat himself on the coffee table right in front of him with his own cup of tea.
Letting his hands fist into the others hair, he felt himself relax for the first time in months. Damn, did he miss this.
When Dean was very little and his mom was still alive he didn’t think like that. Not as she talked with soft words and big smiles about how she knew what would be the first words out of his dads mouth when they met, years and years before it actually happened. Not when she so proudly showed off her forearm to anyone and everyone.
Watching the man who has once smiled every day break as he did, made him never want to put himself in that position. Nothing is worth that pain visible in every breath that his dad takes. No one is.
In the end it takes the light of the tank blinking red for Dean to finally pull the car over, even if it is just to fill baby with gas before he does something stupid, like gets stranded on the side of the rode in fucking Iowa.
Dean doesn't have to look down to know what it says, so he keeps his eyes on Cas instead. Watching as his eyes soften and the corners of his lips lift up a bit before pressing two fingers onto the black ink of his arm.
“God, Dean. You are magnificent.” Cas whispered against his skin as he opened him up in the back seat, hitting right there with every bend of long fingers, effectively turning Dean into a moaning mess.
“Promise me you won’t take the arm guard off when you bury me.” Staring at his own arm and listening to the shuffle of papers was when Dean finally spoke for the first time that day.
The hand on his shoulder let go, but instead of the expected sound of wings followed by silence, there was rustling and a thump as something hit the floor. Of course Dean was just stupid enough to turn around.
The thought was bitter, but it also made him realize that no matter what, he will at least say goodbye this time. Cas deserves so much more, but Dean can at least do that much. He will have to.
“Well, you’ll have to wait a hell of a long time then, buddy.” He turned to leave, but an arm on his shoulder stopped him.
It was then that he started wondering, as he watched the kids from his class talk about brothers and sisters and parents, he started wondering what really was family.
After a while even Cas stopped cornering him; but he still looked at him sometimes like he wanted to rip the truth out of him with the power of will.
Dean continued talking until his throat went dry and the sun started shinning dimly through the curtains. It started with Sam, but it turned towards himself after a while, so he talked about the nightmares and the murders. Talked about all the things he has done and how he is too selfish to let things go. Even when he knows he doesn’t deserve them.
“How long can you stay?” The words were spoken against his skin still, running another shiver through Dean, for a completely different reason than before.
And for the first time Castiel had the warmth in his chest that wasn’t there ever before. For the first time he understood that home didn’t mean a big empty house or a house at all.
A cup of something steaming hot and smelling too much like herbs was being pressed against his arm before he had the time to even think about getting up and leaving like he should have done already.
Dad just passed by them and went straight for the kitchen, and undoubtedly the beer there, while Dean shrugged his shoulders and avoided the other man’s eyes. Not really an answer, but not much he can say about this either.
Because as Dean shook his hand with a smile, his heart beat just a little bit faster and face got a little bit redder.
Dean is still standing there long after the angel is gone. The angel who is supposed to be a dick, but also his soulmate who he never wanted in the first place.
“You got your mojo back, Cas.” The smile on his lips was weak but it was as much as he was capable of as he was still avoiding his eyes. “Nothing keeping you here anymore.”
“Dean.” This wasn’t the ‘I'm going to smite you voice’; this was soft, almost a whisper. Cas was in his personal space again, and his hand was on Dean’s shoulder, but he will be damned if he actually turns around. Instead he opens his third beer of the night and takes another to go.
He had no more butlers to cook for him or clean up after. No more nannies to wake him up and help with homework.
So with one last look at the road leading where he should be going, Dean turns the car around and goes home.
“You-um-You can do that?“ His brain was short circuiting again as he stared at the all too familiar words, feeling the other’s eyes piercing into his soul like they always seem to be doing.
Pamela’s eyes are burned right out of her sockets with the name Castiel on her lips and Dean really really needs a drink. The fucking hell of a soulmate does he have?
“Yeah, I figured that much, I mean what are you?” There was no time for this. He needed to be sure. He needed to know. He needed…he needed for it to not be a demon; he thought as their eyes still kept on one another.
“Don’t stop,” he mumbles over and over like a prayer as Cas makes his way lazily down to Dean’s neck, sucks in bruising hickeys that he knows his friends will make fun of tomorrow, but he is definitely not thinking about that now.
“Uh, yeah,” she responds, sliding her glasses back up her nose, where the collected sweat immediately reverses her efforts. “I checked it out from the gym because we were trying to ride up to Baldy, but I didn’t even make it off campus.”
“Yes, and that one is actually a fairly obvious allegory. Though I must admit that sometimes I draw more abstract conclusions. You should read the essay I wrote on the queer symbolism in National Treasure sophomore year.”
“Hasn’t hit yet. I think I’m maybe still a little drunk. Although, truth be told, it’s wearing off fast if my stomach is any indication.”
Apparently best friends who cuddle, which is an interesting development. As carefully as possible, Dean unhooks himself from Cas and slides out of the bed. He notices immediately that Sam’s bed is empty and smiles to himself. Sammy’s got the
Right now, they’re at the Scripps coffee shop, loading up on caffeine before the drive ahead. “Thank you,” Dean says absentmindedly as Cas sets down a to-go mug of steaming latte and a plate of fried eggs and toast in front of him. He’s staring at a zoomed out Google Maps, trying to see what time they’ll actually arrive in Palo Alto.
Dean rolls his eyes and jumps on Sam’s bed. “So, what does a guy have to do to get a burger and some pie around here?”
Sam and Jess are following the conversation like a tennis match, but at this point Sam stands up and pulls Jess along with him. “Um, we’re going to wait outside,” he says. “Y’all can let us know when you’re ready.”
His advisor, a stern but lovable professor named Jody Mills with a surprisingly butch haircut and relaxed attitude for the generally conservative Claremont McKenna College, pushed him to “take it easy” in his class picks for this fall. “You don’t need to prove yourself, Dean,” she had said last spring, staring him down while he fidgeted with the laptop on his lap. “Punish yourself either. Sometimes you can just enjoy things.”
He absently wonders what it’s like to be in Sam’s shoes, with no family pressures and no expectations laid upon him. Sam got an academic full-ride to Stanford, so all he has to do is keep up his grades over the next four years. No early morning practices, no deathly fear of injuries, no hazing rituals and required social group to lock into from day one. As much as he loved soccer, it had turned into a chore by the end. A chore that he still, somehow, misses so much that it feels like a physical gaping hole inside him.
Maybe it’s a good thing that he has feelings for a man with a kind heart and beautiful eyes and cool, dry hands. Maybe it’s a good thing that he has feelings for a man who cares for him, who brings him coffee and takes away his dishes, who brings him home and tucks him in when he’s had too much to drink. Maybe the possibility that that man has feelings for him too is something to be excited about, to call home about, instead of burying deeply under six feet of repression.
Dean snorts. “Well, Charlie, it is wonderful to meet you. Sorry we’ve been stealing Cas away for movie nights.”
“Though it is not the pinnacle of cinematic accomplishment, I would still recommend a viewing,” says Cas. “Especially for the queer symbolism.”
Ah, this. This is what Dean knew would happen if he had tried to reach out during the whole soccer spiral and even over the last couple of months with Cas. He wasn’t ready for it then, but he thinks he might be now. “Um. I, um, have a friend.” He takes the biggest gulp of water he can.
“A lady thing,” Gabe says knowingly, waggling his eyebrows and nudging Castiel, whose expression remains stoic.
They dance until all of the alcohol hits Dean in full and he feels like there are ocean waves crashing behind his eyes. He mumbles into Cas’ ear that he wants some water and Cas turns around, concerned, and props him up as they maneuver out of the crowd. Back in the kitchen, Cas sits him on a stool and pours him a glass of ice water from the fridge. Sam and Jess are long gone, probably catching up with one of the many groups that Dean can see spread across the patio outside.
“It’s Jess,” Sam says, still red and now very interested in what’s happening on the backs of his hands. “Her name is Jess and she lives down the hall. I think she’s going to come out with us tomorrow night, if that’s okay.”
They end up deciding on Scripps for dinner, since it’s not a great menu at any of the dining halls and Scripps has the most dependable salad bar. Not that Dean is particularly interested in that, but all of the dining halls have burgers and Cas seems particularly excited about some leafy greens.
