On the highest shelf, high enough for John not to easily see what’s on it, are many different lotions, creams, and--as far back on the shelf as possible--lubricants of many different kinds.
John sat in the armchair and felt completely tired and without a thought in his head. He didn’t realize when Sherlock had come into the room with tea and sandwiches. The tea was cold when he tried to drink it, but at least the sandwiches were good.
I can’t thank Silver Girl enough,for beta reading and making this fic chapter so much better. You have all read the chapter’s that isn’t beta read and seen how much her work is doing for this fic.
The food was good and the atmosphere eclectic. A bit like being in the movie Moulin Rouge with a jazz band playing softly in the middle of the room. A varied assortment of guests, from the old couple in their finest clothes to the young group of people in casual clothing. They’d had a fun night out and had no problems finding topics to discuss.
He doesn’t put more clothes on than necessary, since they will soon be taken off anyway. Black pants and a new dressing gown in a rich blue.
“Hey! Where did you go? Usually it’s me who disappears into my mind?” Sherlock squeezes his hand lightly and gets his attention back.
John shakes his head and smile; he can’t understand that he missed seeing how caring his friend could be. Today he and some of the builders had set up a new ventilation system. For over six weeks Baker Street had been occupied by three blowing machines to extract the mould and damp from the rooms. Two of the blasted things in John’s flat and one in Mrs H bedroom had made it impossible for Mrs H and Sherlock to live in the house.
“No one cares, John. All the pedestrians on the street are on their way home or to a restaurant,” Sherlock whispered and smiled at him.
“I was angry at John. Treating me like a naughty schoolboy!” His voice is angry,  and to Peter it’s sounding like he still feels angry over the whole thing.
Now we know, the fear and shame of losing their work and being expelled by the community. Caused by an unjust law and prejudice!”
“No, I will not disappear. You know you have to tell him about your university years.This is an abscess in your relationship that we have to clear up for your friendship to survive.”
He thinks to himself, it’s like looking into the mirror this morning. The difference is that this man is clean shaven and probably a little bit shorter than him. He finds his voice and asks, “Hi! Who are you?”
Hearing Sherlock at night fighting and screaming in his dreams. Some nights he could hear him wander around in the little room he slept in or in the living room downstairs.
It's important that you feel safe in my arms and not disgusted or threatened. I have had those feelings and don't want to ever feel them again. The safe words are both for your sake and mine.
Last night, when Sherlock was collecting their food order at Angelo’s, his friend had slipped the information that the restaurant was booked for a private customer on Saturday. The guests were very particular about how the tables should be made up and what flowers should be used.
“I read up on the subject after our discussion and for the most part I can check off the points that match my experience.”
John was fascinated at how much the old woman reminds him of their own Mrs Hudson, only some decades older.
It’s a bit easier now to retain eye contact with Peter. It’s still a nerve-racking subject to talk about, but at least his interactions with Janine have been told.
The afternoon light shines through the windows into the cozy room. The room's colors are deep blue and cream, which makes the room soothing and calm. The furniture is big and comfortable, definitely chosen with the thought of children.
Slowly he sips on his now pretty cold tea, thinks about how much work both he and Sherlock had put into therapy, on different areas of their lives.
“Hi, My name is John Hamish Watson, I’m bisexual and still in the closet. But we’re working on that, me and Sherlock, the man by the way whom I love!”
“My sister Anna, you met her yesterday, is my oldest sibling and then I have three brothers: Thomas, Montgomery and Hamish. I’m the youngest. Our family haven’t got a lot of imagination when it comes to choosing baby names.” Monty wiggles a brow in amusement.
On the group’s first mission they were ambushed by Taliban rebels. A brief battle broke out, during which Sholto's face was badly mutilated by an explosive blast. In addition, his ability to use his left arm became highly limited and he was forced to perform most functions one-handed. All the new recruits died and James was the only survivor from the ambush.
“Alright, I hear what you’re saying. It’s something I need to think  about. In every relationship I been in-“
“Unfortunately not. At the time everyone that had anything to discuss with the Sexton, went to his cottage. Normally during daytime, but this afternoon the priest had gotten a special request: for a longer ringing next Sunday for a dead parishioner’s family.”
Now he goes to their table and shows them the bottle before telling them how he bought it some weeks after they visited his restaurant for the first time. He had saved one bottle all these years because he hoped they would be celebrating this someday in the future.
He hears someone outside the door and eagerly looks up, his life was with this man and it was time to tell Sherlock that.
“Yes, or some other subject. It’s easier because you wouldn’t be able to scrutinize each other’s faces or body language.”
Sherlock doesn’t know how to feel: John and Greg had successfully pulled a big one over both his brother and him. How’d they succeed at that?
“I haven’t had a sexual partner for many years, John! Didn’t want to. Didn’t want to feel those feelings I’d felt with Seb Wilkes.”
Nodding, Peter realizes that his client isn’t ready for such a step--to masturbate in the same room as Richard.
It feels fantastic and John moans witch makes the other man stop what’s his doing. He looks into John’s eyes and unbutton the last buttons. He then puts his hands on John’s shoulders and strokes of the garment from his body throwing it on the floor.
“She must have many things to go through in her mind after a very active day. Playing with Richard, he’s so natural with her. It’s obvious that he loves children.”
John is a bit astonished at how easily they have been speaking about such a difficult subject. The silence is easy and it feels so good lying there with his hand in Sherlock’s.
Sherlock comes with two cups in his hands and sits down at the table John chosen, sitting behind a trellis with a healthy green ivy. Rosie could only hear John and Sherlock’s voices but it’s makes her secure enough to eat her pancakes.
“Because I was so ashamed of myself and even afraid. My therapist, Peter Morse, said I must organize both my brain and my living space and understand why I behave the way I do. When that is done I could think of moving back in with you.”
“I will help you to stay strong in your decision. As a friend you have no say in him staying in or leaving the closet. You know what he is, and can support him as a friend. But a relationship on the condition that he will stay in the closet?”
Again silence follows, both men thinking what could have happened that night. Sherlock sighs and starts talking.
John started to talk with the guy about how flighty girls could be and how easy they were to offend. John had made a comment about how uninteresting he found a discussion about clothes.
“Good. Then I’ll tell Sherlock the result of my discussion with you today.I think it’s best if you two don’t see or talk to each other before our first pair session. What do you think about that?”
The question is, how do partners handle different life experiences and biological / erotic differences? How do you accept that you might have to do things in a different way than you’ve done before?
Sherlock had discussed those questions with his psychologist.  Sherlock still went twice a month to sessions with him.
After a discussion with Mycroft Mrs Hudson had agreed to sell the flat to John. She was secretly happy to be able to help the boys back to an easier living situation.
“Poor child, going through life being called Froggy!” John huffs out and Sherlock answers with a dry response.
“You was only eleven years old, they most have protected you from knowing what happened. Didn’t Hamish write anything in his diary at that time?
Now I also understand that the safe words aren’t only for my benefit, you need them also. I´m so sorry that it wasn´t clear for me before how important safe sex is for you. Thank you for making that clear.
At night, sitting on the couch, one of them would lean into the other on the couch, give a cuddle or just play with his hair.
“Yes, I see now that-- “ Sherlock is lifting an eyebrow, Giles taking a step towards the priest “--I can’t change your minds. You said you wanted to see the documents about the scandal. You can read a description of what happened that evening in September 1925, in the priest's own words. Father Chaney kept a diary all his life.”
Darin had asked a second question: who would be hurt if John repeated the same behaviour as he did before, when becoming jealous?
Peter realizes his mistake in talking too harshly. He wants to hear what Sherlock feels at being sexual with his new boyfriend.
John burst out in a giggle, and Sherlock turns his head even more to look at him in the dark. He can’t see John so clearly because tonight rain is making the night very dark.
Sherlock seems to understand. He lifts his head and whispers, “You're hundred percent man, John, and you will always be. From the first day we met, you’ve been my protector, my soldier!” He leans forward and steals another sweet kiss.
The problem is that John is looking determently down on his hands in his lap with a stiff look and clenching jaws. Sherlock decides to keep on talking. Telling what’s he wants to say to his friend.
Silently Greg leaves the room. Sherlock stands there blinking, holding hard to John’s waist. Trying desperately to say anything.
The jealousy was hard to stand. With a taste of bile in his mouth he listened to Sherlock’s history. Sometimes it felt like all he wanted was to shout and hit something.
Monty comes back and stands beside his husband. Looking at John he starts to speak, “The Scandal in St Gregory Church, the family curse.”
When John heard the news of James’ misfortune, he tried desperately to contact him. Nothing worked. No answer for weeks!
A quick look at his watch--Sherlock won’t be back for at least twenty minutes. He leans back into the armchair. Letting the memory of the time when he met James Sholto.
“Sherlock decides he must tell the reporter the truth. Knowing that all media will pick it up on it in no time, that he’s gay and on a date.”
“To my surprise I didn’t understand what she was asking me. The only thing I could say was, “Sorry, what?”
John wakes up feeling happy but also emotional. He realizes that he needs to talk with Marcus and visit his old family house.The visit brings new insights.
“I want to meet and talk to Sherlock myself before I decide if I can help you two, or if another therapist can help you guys better.”
Sherlock comes into the lounge and sees Rosie and John sitting in the middle of the car wagon. A woman keeps looking at them from a table on the other side of the corridor.
Sherlock frowns before he answers. Oh, he thinks both of us might be in trouble, sharing a room? He tries to calm Peter with a simple explanation.
“No, but I like him and I want to see if it can work between us. It’s only our third date, and you’ve been a massive cockblocker! I don’t think he wants to go home and do the dirty after this evening.”
John fought the sandbag and became more and more loud with every hit on it. Tired, and now, a bit scared of the very quiet man besides him, he stopped and fought to breathe.
John sighs and murmurs, “this was the best idea of yours for a long time, sugarnuts!” Sherlock starts to laugh, “you seem to have a thing for my nuts!”
He plucks the mobile from the pocket and goes to the bedroom, “John, your mobile is ringing!” He drops the phone on the bed beside John.
“Do you want to be a parent together with him?” John’s hands are gripping hard around his cup of tea.
Surprisingly for them all, both John and Mrs Hudson had been granted money from the foundation to renovate both flat C and Mrs Hudson’s bedroom for damp and mould!
“I had put Rosie down in Sherlock’s bed for a nap. On my way back from the bedroom I saw Sherlock leaning against the kitchen table and Richard leaning against him. Sherlock’s hands where moving over his arms and back.” He stops talking and stares blindly and silently for a long time.
“He said no, and asked if the reporter missed that he’s been away from London for two years and when he returned I got married and had a child.”
Jealousy hadn’t been a problem with Mary or any other woman he’s been with. Why was he so jealous with Sherlock?
John had been sitting there silently listening to the two other men. His face had become more darkened every minute the discussion lasted, as though he realized that his behaviour was dangerous for the relationship he desperately wanted to have with Sherlock.
“How about if we go to the library? They might have old newspapers, maybe if we search the years just before your great-grandfather left Buckie we can find something about the scandal.”
John’s  response: “when you flinched away from my touch. Like the second day, when I tried to kiss you goodbye. Rosie and I were on our way to work after leaving her at the daycare. You kissed Rosie in my arms but took a step back when I tried to give you a kiss.”
“I don’t know when he left Buckie, but Sherlock,” he points at the man behind him, “has come to the conclusion that Hamish Montgomery Watson is my great-grandfather and he was born in Buckie--when, Sherlock?”
Sombrely they sat in the only two comfortable armchairs in the offices’ mess other soldiers playing billiards around them.
John sees the look on his face, frightened and nervous. John almost expects him to stop talking and move away from the bed.
That’s the moment Sherlock asks him the question, “Was the dream good then?” Oh god! What should he answer, couldn’t he just forget that he said anything?
They ended up in John’s bed, and that night he experienced his first blowjob from a man and later giving one himself.
“Yes!” John kisses him before starting pulling on his clothes. Being given the green light, Sherlock helps him with the buttons and disrobing.
Hastily Sherlock sits up and drops the pjs to the floor. John turns around and catches Sherlock’s eye. For just a moment they look at each other and Sherlock’s penis jumps with appreciation.
“1981 in November Hamish was deployed a second time to the same place. Roger is there and they started to hook up again but Hamish didn’t love him. He said to me that it was like *scratching a itch*.”
Thoughts about Sherlock’s hands and body that had been so vivid in his dream. “For fuck sake, he didn’t know how Sherlock private parts looks like! He hasn’t thought about Sherlock’s cock looks like-“
A comfortable silence reigns in the car. John is looking up information about Buckie and the hotel they’ll be staying at.
They didn’t have any contact at all before Darin had encouraged Sherlock to contact Richard again. He decided after that Friday session to contact Richard.
“Yes, but I wanted much more! More than a hand on my back or seeing you in a bathrobe at eight in the morning, with Rosie at the table!”
“Come here! No need to get all-” John silences him with a kiss. Standing between Sherlock’s legs and holding his face between his hands.
Dinner was serene and happy that evening. The table was set in the hotel’s conservatory, and had a stunning beach view out the window.
“Well, he can hope to be released in fifteen to twenty years by a kiss from a princess or prince.” Now John is laughing nearly hysterically.
“I think it’s something that’s a bit too scandalous for the church to talk openly about even today.”
“John, I think you have to prepare yourself to hear something upsetting.” Sherlock’s voice is low and uncertain, as if he didn’t know if he should say anything.
“You’re willing to kill yourself with drugs, but not willing to live for me!” John starts to cry. All the stress of their talk and the sorrow of losing even his friendship with Sherlock was all too much to bear.
Sherlock decide to eat pancakes with Nutella and John’s pancakes are with raspberries and blueberries and cream.
Sherlock’s answer had really shocked John.“You think I would make you do anything you don’t want to do?” He had sounded so crushed.
Peter realized that and at next session he took both of them on a walk to a nearby park. He exhorted John to hit some trees when they come to a secluded area of the park. Peter then instructed him to name why he wanted to do those hit the trees before doing it.
Having a room, even if he had to share it with a rather strange punk rocker kid, was like a breath of fresh air.
Sherlock had waited in his bedroom in the meantime, not even peeking out from the room when John left to get ready in his old room.
“Yes, he told me that you two saved the parliament. Mentally you have forgiven him, but what about your heart?
“So if you dream about the cashier at Tesco in a sexual way and get a *happy ending*, you think you done something bad? When you looking on a porn movie, do you think everyone of the actors are singles? Hastily John turn around and looks at him. Glaring at him.
People had always found something wrong with him or that he wasn’t good enough. At the pair session the second week after the boxing club incident, he had tried to explain it.
“Father didn’t want us to meet.” It's a quiet acknowledgment of what the older man meant. “You may want to meet Rosie, Hamish grandchild?
Sighing, John flips onto his back, looking lazily through his eyelashes at Sherlock. Smiling softly, Sherlock starts cleaning John’s stomach.
Falling down on the bed, laughing and looking into each other's eyes, Sherlock asks, “Can we try this?”
“I cleaned myself up, shaved off the mustache and put on my best clothes. Worked a whole day trying to talk myself out of going to you. The only thing in my brain was if you would accept me as your lover.”
“Yes, you and Monty have made it totally clear for me that I’ve got to go back and do the work this time. Try to really understand what happened to me when my mother committed suicide and when I saw you fall to the ground.”
Rosie looks on with big blue eyes and forgets to protest herself, soon her eyes shut down. John tries to slip out from the arms clinging around his left arm. Rosie sighs and curls up around a pillow instead.
“I like being dominant sometimes, not surprising when you think of me normally not following other people’s orders. My sexual experiences with being in the opposite pweren were mainly bad. Not with Scott, he listened to my limitations. He never tried to push me too far from my comfort zone before we talked about it. Scott suggested using code words because of that. He realized that it would make it safe for us to explore. Give me the chance to stop when it felt weird or—'He makes a humming sound before ending with, “just wrong.”
But Sherlock had made up his mind: living so closely with John had started giving him big problems, especially every morning.
Intimacy between them had grown every day after that. Just sitting at the couch in the evening cuddling, sometimes one of them suggesting a massage or asking for one.
“He’d been in a fight at the pub, I helped him get washed up and took care of him. I was five or maybe six at the time. After washing and getting some of the cuts bandaged, he put me on his knee and talked to me. It’s one of the few good memories I have of him.”
Realising that he will be losing this discussion with Sherlock he sighs and goes over to the table Richard is sitting at.
John snorts and replies quickly, “Yes, I mean so much to him, he kills himself before my eyes and doesn’t return until two years later as a waiter!”
“You know that Rosie’s with my sister? They’ll not bring her back until Sunday.” A bit impressed with his own boldness, John waits nervously on the answer.
“I will do that if you promise me to not drink every day and only in moderation when you do drink. Can we promise to each other to do that as long as we both goes to therapy?
“We’re not together because of my own stupidity. He’s been with another fellow for some weeks now, but he’s helping me understand why the Watson family are so homophobic.”
A sequel comes from Rosie when she sees Sherlock in the kitchen. She is sitting on the floor in the living room banging with a wooden spoon at a saucepan.
“Yes, I think Giles and I can get through the papers by ourselves. We’re both accustomed to sifting through documents. We’ll meet you at Monty’s later?”
“Is that true! Are you two really Mr Holmes and Dr Watson? Some years ago I read your blog, Dr Watson.”
After one more heated discussion where Sherlock, frustration clear in voice and body language, explained his thoughts about the whole thing:
Sherlock had asked him if he was upset with him for not remembering to give a hug or a kiss when they had seen each other as long as the case lasted.
If someone feels that they would like to beta read this fic, please contact me here or on Tumblr. Maybe then this fic would be a bit faster written? Tildathings.
John doesn’t understand what’s makes him wake up, but when he looks besides his bed he sees Sherlock. Sherlock is standing there besides the bed in his old silky blue dressing gown with bullet hole in the sleeve from when he shot the wall. It makes John smile at the memory.
After hitting and naming the reason for doing it for a good while his hands were aching and bruised.
“Of course it was! I can also understand why you was so angry and then married your wife. But isn’t it time you forgive him in your heart now?
“You said before that you’re demisexual? How come you think that’s your orientation?” Peter is trying to help him move along with the discussion.
In that moment he wanted to cry and scream at the same time. Instead he kept holding on, breathing in and out.
“Yes, it’s very much because of me, I’m afraid. Before she was two years old, her mother had left her. I’ve tossed her around to many people and left her. It isn’t strange that she doesn’t truly trust me.”
When they come up to the room it’s Sherlock who changes her diaper and puts her into a onesie for the night. John is standing in the doorway to the bathroom looking fondly at them.
Sherlock is hit squarely in his heart by John’s words. John can’t think of losing him again! Exactly the same way as he feels about John ever leaving him!
The honeymoon period had gone fast and the months after had been hard. He had thought after a little more than a month that Sherlock wasn’t interested in him anymore, at least not sexually.
“You were kissing, I didn’t stick around to look, but only as a suggestion. Next time be a bit more careful when you engage in such things. Many soldiers aren’t okay with things like that. They’re straight people and can’t understand our way of life.”
“It’s hard to take in that this man have been in my Father’s life for a very long time, and meant so much for him without me and Harry knowing anything about him? All the time when Father didn’t come home at the evening’s and nights, telling us that he was working or meeting *friends*.”
“I think that’s a good thing for you to talk about and get some closure for. When your mother died you didn’t get any psychological help?
“No, don’t stop, it’s only that I’m very sensitive  just above my buttocks. An erogenous zone, on the ridge where the spine ends. If you touch that place I might moan or move, or something like that. I didn’t want to startle you by just reacting to your touch.” His voice is again a little uncertain.
“Not always, you know that’s not my normal position in bed. Not with female and especially not with male partners, but--”
John turns on his side to look at him. “What do you think is the reason that it’s still too sensitive for Father Holstii to tell them the truth?”
The explosion that detonated John’s feelings the next day at the boxing club, was both terrifying and enlightening as to John’s feelings.
He hadn’t been upset that Sherlock hadn’t touched him; it was that he had reacted so badly to John touching him. What he said was startling for Sherlock to hear.
Even when the tea was ready they remained paired up as before. Sherlock and Giles helped the children eat, and
“Yes, Sherlock and I had big problem last night to get her to sleep. It was good that we booked family tickets.”
“Not before both men were carefully interrogated. Hamish didn’t say anything about the reason behind the fight and the other man didn’t say anything either.
He knows that Sherlock has always asked him for a firm touch, when John has helped with cuts and bruises before.
“Many times in the later years of his life. That were after Hamish and mine relationship had become only friendship and he was really drinking himself to death.
John’s heart is cleansing and he feel lightheaded. Why hadn’t he seen the signs of how hard it’s been for Sherlock after he came back from the hiatus?
John sighs, remembering Sherlock’s reaction when they talked about his university years at therapy. For John this was the hardest part of their combined therapy sessions. Even talking about his mom’s suicide and life after her death was easier.
For the beginning of our life together, I don’t want any penetration, that’s something I need more closeness of our minds to do. Both to be the receiver and to be the giver.
“How’s that going?” again Sherlock seems reluctant to answer the question looking at his hands on his knees instead. John decides to talk and try to help Sherlock and answers.
It makes him feel happiness and a strong feeling of just being there in the moment. John was content with him as a lover, even if he had come too soon. It didn’t matter.
Sherlock has really shown himself to be a partner, a partner that he never thought he would have in his life. Much less this gorgeous man!
“John, as Sherlock said when he talked us into being your wingmen this evening, you’re out of mourning now and you must start to think of your future.”
Laughing, Sherlock helps him to not fall over; once the socks are off Sherlock pulls him into his arms and starts kissing.
At the next pair session two days later, Sherlock related that discussion to Peter Morse, who was still their psychiatrist at pair sessions.
Shyly John turns to Sherlock, silently his dearest puts his arms around him and John hides his head in the other man’s neck. Sighing and holding on to Sherlock for dear life, John feels like coming home for the first time in his life. “People can think whatever they want,” he murmurs into Sherlock’s neck.
When John hears Sherlock’s words he breathes in a breath harshly. He then looks at Sherlock and wonders if he hurt Sherlock more then he knows he has?
With a sigh Sherlock nods, biting his bottom lip. John is on a roll with deductions of his own now. “That happened when you had slept for at least 15 hours after a successful case or you knew I wouldn’t be in the flat for hours?”
“Yes, but it’s important that the students gets a insight on how things works and if it's something they want to do in the future.”
“I think she had realized in the time between our discussion and hearing John and me talk, that I was gay and in love with him.”
“Self hate? Religion? Family? I can’t answer that. Sometimes he could get so upset, over Harriet especially. He told me after some years together what he did to you one time, John. I couldn’t understand that and we argued about it.”
John’s mind jumps between different subjects, such as sexuality and how different it could be for different people. Feeling sad for his--father? Dad? Then a thought hits him, how different would John and Harry’s childhood had been if their father had accepted himself?
“Yes--” struggling to compose himself, the librarian stammers a bit before starting over with his answers.
It was mostly Richard who talked about how he’s been making real steps to becoming a father. Looking into the possibility of adoption.
Giles had then told the priest he could do whatever he wanted with the letter because of its content. The letter could influence what other people would think about Father Chaney.
John has thought so many times about how he should tell Sherlock about his impotence problems, for a long time now.
“Haven’t thought about that before. It’s an interesting conclusion. I only know that if a man tries to get me in bed before we have a connection, it doesn’t work for me. Their touches feel like someone is burning my skin. I can’t really explain it for someone who hasn't felt it.”
After all he is trying to help both of these men who have so much difficulty talking about feelings. It will be hard for all three of them to get any results on this matter. How many years has John had therapy, with little result?
After Harry and Rosie left for a fun Saturday together, John had sat down in his armchair reading the paper. He’d tried to not seem interested in anything Sherlock was doing. He was very obviously ignoring his partner.
John is in agony now, his mind and especially his body can’t concentrate on Sherlock’s words. The only thing he wants is Sherlock’s body over his back and a hand on his dick, right now!
The first two months of that therapy had been gruelling. At that time he had lived alone, the Watsons with him in the daytime, John helping him renovate the flat.
“He already knows this, we have talked about it. Richard has also a had past relationship that influences him even today. His husband was killed in a accident nearly two years ago. He will never love me as he loves Alexander.”
“Yesterday Sherlock and I visited Marcus in the afternoon. It was hard meeting my Father's lover and go back to remembering my childhood and my mother’s suicide.” again he becomes silent. Restlessly moving his hands and left leg.
After some time had James started to send e-mails again, but he didn’t want to meet up in real life.
“I’ve dreamt about this, your hands in my hair and caressing my back,” John whispers into his chest.
“My sister Harry found our father’s diary when she was cleaning our our father's belongings. She read them first and she thought it was important for me to read them too. He wrote about things that really surprised us. My sister is gay, and came out very young. My father didn’t take it well. He threw her out of the house. In the diary he wrote about his life being in the closet.
After a month the situation was much harder and the sick tents were full of injured soldiers. A platoon had been hit by an attack two days before and that day two young soldiers had died.
How do I feel about that? Realizing that’s him hearing Peter’s voice in his head, the man is influencing his thought processes.  He buries his face in his hands.
Peter suggested that Sherlock assist in finding the best way to battle the damp and mould before the renovation started, maybe looking for some subsidy or fund for the renovation of a listed house.
Maybe we can have a family room in Buckie? Those rooms usually have changing tables and such thing in the room?”
“Maud told me about the assassins that had the order to shoot Mrs Hudson, Greg and me that hateful day when you jumped?”
“NO! Of course not! What I meant was that you always go your own way. You don’t follow the norm and you always pull me with you. I always do, trusting you. The only time you haven’t gone with you, both our lives have gone to shit!”
John had then asked in a calm, low voice, “you and I are deciding what’s good or bad in our relationship, nobody else. Is that what you’re trying to tell me?”
A little laugh erupts from John. “You can talk! Mr Posh in a new set of sexy pants, every Thursday. How do you think I felt this Thursday, with your jockstrap pants?!”
“Be quiet, Greg! Too many people have talked with me about this, but never me and Sherlock. I need us to talk and really tell each other what happened and what we feel. I have worked so hard with my new therapist so I could go home to Baker Street. To you. And not be afraid that I will ever hurt you again. Every Tuesday and Friday, I go to meeting after meeting. Struggling to open up and be true to myself.”
“I don’t know? It’s never been a issue for me before. I’m a gay, demi sexual man in my forty’s? I haven’t thought about meeting a man to have children with for a long time.”
They found a little restaurant that neither of them had been to before. The food was a fusion restaurant, European/ Japanese.
“If you have a fight with your lover and don’t feel the mental connection, what happens that makes you want to get the hell out of that situation?”
“You said when we last met that I should talk to Sherlock about the interview in the paper? Well, we meet up on Saturday for brunch. Richard were with him. They had realized that a baby and a serious conversation didn’t go well together. Richard loves children so he was babysitting Rosie at a another table at first. Later after they had eaten, Richard took her to the swings that’s nearby the Restaurant.”
“Yes, I said to Sherlock yesterday the same thing I will say to you now.” He makes eye contact with John before he says any more. When John meets his eyes he tells him.
Yes, she had changed his clothes and bedclothes and given him medicine, but her voice had made it clear she wasn’t happy with him. That he should be a good boy and sleep the sickness off, and stop bothering his parents!
It’s Friday afternoon about six months from they returned from their journey to Buckie. John is sitting in the 221B sitting room waiting for Sherlock to come back from his therapy season with his new psychiatrist Darin.
Rosie is now very cautious about her daddy leaving her, and very determined that he shouldn’t do that.
“I think that’s the reason for your anger and lashing out on Sherlock, even your jealousy. You love him so much, you’re terrified to lose him again. Reptile instinct kicked in at the restaurant and at the mortuary. Sherlock told Giles yesterday why you started to go to Peter—you wanted to get your anger under control and not hurt him or Rosie again.” John hastily stands up and starts walking around in the room, looking anywhere but at Monty. He feels so ashamed over himself, but angry at the same time, and nearly shouts, “I have never hit or spanked Rosie!”
“If he hadn’t done that, Mrs Hudson, Lestrade and you would have been killed by three assassins. You and the other two would have been killed there and then.”
"How would you feel if one day Alex showed up with a stupid moustache and just said 'Tada!', spread his arms and gave you a goofy smile?"
Warning: this chapter talks about homophobia and suicide. Nothing specific. Abuse of a child by hitting.
“Hey, sleepyhead, it’s time to change to a car instead.” Rosie starts protesting as soon as she wakes up.
Bear with me, this is embarrassing, but sometimes a voice in my head makes me react negatively even when I really want something. I think it´s my father´s voice.
This story made me so happy when reading it for the first time. It has a description of how a person can feel about love and sex.
“Father met him after my mother’s suicide. In a grieving group that the church had. Marcus was grieving for his son. He also married young so the neighbours wouldn’t be suspicious of him. Yes, the law against homosexuality made him do it. But Marcus divorced his wife in 1971.”
“Was that the time you strolled around the flat with only a sheet around you?” He can’t stop looking at Sherlock, who  tries desperately not to look back.
Walking the streets and holding hands John felt extra excited, daring to hold Sherlock's hand here, in the middle of the sidewalk where everyone could see that they were a couple. His feelings of happiness and a bit of fear were almost too much.
“So horrible for you. But he didn’t abandon you. He was trying to get home to you that day.” John can’t find the right words he’s struggling to make Richard feel better because he sees how upset the man is.
“To us! Hope our love will be for the rest of our lives.” Sherlock looks deep into John’s eyes before clinking their glasses together.
“That’s good news, I mean, you told me in the beginning of our therapy sessions that you thought you’d become impotent?”
John is on his way home to Sherlock on the tube. It’s a Saturday evening and Sherlock had surprised him on Monday by asking if he wanted to go out with him to a pub this weekend. Sherlock had said that Greg and Mike had asked him to come, and he was afraid that he would mess things up if he went alone.
“I know! Sorry, I panicked for a moment! Being openly bisexual is a big step for me. The other thing that was hard to see were you and Richard on a date.”
Sherlock helped John out of his coat and gave it to Angelo along with his own. He then pulled out John’s chair, reached for the rose on the plate and gave it to John with a shy smile.
“Yeah, you were right, a car or train moving can make her very sleepy. The taxi ride knocked her right out.”
The four men shake their heads and one or more swear words are heard from John and Monty especially.
“I didn’t grieve her. My behavior was coming from a place of fear, internalized homophobia and--” breathing and composing himself for a moment. The last word comes like a pistol shot.
Thinking the question over, Sherlock changes positions in the armchair, slightly moving his body to close down and away from Peter’s direct gaze.
“Yes, but what will we do with her when we go to investigate when we’re in Buckie? I mean at the church or town house registry?”
“Yes, but at that time you guys hadn’t told each other about you being gay and him bisexual, right?”
“Hope she’ll sleep when we settle down on the train.” Sherlock sounds a bit worried in John’s ears. Suddenly John understands that he feels responsible for them traveling with Rosie, because he suggested that she should come with them.
Desperately he’d tried to make Sherlock understand what he meant. “It may take me some time to fully understand but we will make our rules. I’ll not accept anything that goes against my better judgment.”
The only thing he could really think about was Sherlock. Sherlock not eating and sleeping, which bothered him greatly. Once he realized how much trauma Sherlock had been through over the last four years, the doctor in him was afraid of the consequences for Sherlock’s body and mind.
“What happens if you feel the way you did  with Sebastian Wilkes, and after a very little time he leaves you anyway?”
What a beautiful man he is. The thought is already there before he can stop it. It’s nothing a man in his profession should think working with a client.
“He isn’t outing anyone other than himself. When he’s asked about you he answers truthfully that you two are friends, nothing more and nothing less than that. You two have never been anything more to each other than best friends. He even goes so far that he says that you’re straight but his best friend.”
“Sweetheart, I have to wash your hair. It’s full of things from yesterday’s playtime with Hamish and Dolly.”
John’s back muscles are complaining and he realizes that it would be much better if he was sitting above Sherlock’s body.
“We’re friends and I have a boyfriend. How many times have both Peter and I said to him that Richard isn’t a problem?”
Sherlock hasn’t ended his question before John determinedly interrupts him. “You told me before that you’ve done both, yeah? I’ve used toys as you know and I’d like to try--” nervously he swallows down the last word but seeks out his lover’s eyes before ending his request, “--bottoming.”
He’s planning tonight how to talk with Sherlock in the dark about what he realized while talking to Monty.
“Alright, I’ll leave you now to settle in for the night. If you need anything, knock on the door.” He nods against the door leading between their compartments. John smiles and answers with a casual “Okay.”
“The sooner we get off this train and into the car the better it will be for her.” Sherlock says when he passes him to retrieve John and Rosie’s bags.
“Something central, near you and Mrs Hudson if it’s possible, but the rental is probably too high for me too manage.”
“Yes, like a fine wine you get more attractive for every year that I have known you. Especially now that I know so much more about you. How you think about things, what’s important for you. The way you make me laugh. John, I’m demisexual. Your mind and body are equally beautiful to me.”
“That’s a good result for this day’s session. If I summarize what we talked about today and what’s needs to happen next?”
In that state of mind of worry and sorrow he was sent on a mission and got shot himself. He’d often wondered if it wouldn’t have happened, if he’d been in his right mind.
“Yes, because if I think about my grandparents the thoughts of my mum is inevitably there!” both Sherlock and Peter hears the sorrow and anger in his voice.
Peter understands his mistake when he hears what Sherlock asks him. Alright, here we go, hope he will make a good decision for himself.
With the water pouring into the tub he starts lighting candles around the bathroom.  He puts them on the sink and on the little shelf with bottles.
“I don’t want to have sex with you,” Sherlock says, and John tries hastily to get away from the bed. He feels Sherlock’s hands on his arm as he hears the words, “I want to make love with you, and hopefully for the rest of our life!”
Now the mould and damp were removed and the renovation had been going on for a couple of weeks. He wanted to be active in renovating this flat that Rosie would get to own when she became twenty-one.
Sherlock puts the little girl into the car seat. Together they help each other by putting the seat belts on her. Rosie isn’t happy and tries to escape the whole time.
“Your hand!” Looking straight into Sherlock’s eyes and seeing that particular sweet smile that John has seen very few times in their time together.
“Then why did you always interrupt my dates?” John asks, Without humor Sherlock laughs and answers.“Jealousy! Pure and simple. I didn’t think you would miss me for any time period. I’m sorry, John! But I thought if I wasn’t there and interfered in your dates you would soon find a woman to marry. You would always find a woman to date! You would soon forget me and have a happy married life with maybe some kids. That’s what I thought.”
He’s starting to realize that he really respects Peter and his intelligence. At the same time it’s nerve wracking to be read in the same way that he reads people.
“Do you remember your bachelor night? For a moment I thought you would take my hand and pull me into your arms.” He says with a low voice.
The silence after Sherlock’s explanation are ear deafening. John looks at the floor and Marcus inspects the faces of the two men in front of him. Then he coughs and says.
“Don’t think Hamish didn’t feel remorse over how he treated your mother, he did. I think that was the reason he started to drink even more after she died.”
“If they had been together from when they were teenagers, then hearing what Father Chaney thought about Ossian--must have been overwhelmingly hard to hear.” Sherlock shakes his head.
During those eight days Sherlock had only kissed John a handful of times and cuddled and laughed with Rosie a few times.
“Yes, and pick up his husband from the bus from Fort William at the same time.” The man looks at his watch, “They should be here soon.”
Sherlock answers him with a soothing voice in the dark. “We’ll probably both mess things up sometimes going to therapy. If you don’t judge me when I do that, why should I do it to you?”
After chatting for sometime about Rosie, he asks if he can go through to the backyard? He tells her that he must make an important phone call and he needs some privacy and fresh air.
Sherlock comes out from the bathroom after washing his teeth and doing a wash. He holds up a tube with emollient cream, so John can see the name on it.
“My parents had married the day after Hamish turned eighteen. As I told you before my mother was expecting a child, a boy that died only a week after he was born.”
“Eat John, I take care of Rosie. You- “ he points at Sherlock with a finger when he passes him on his way out to the living room.
It’s Wednesday afternoon and Sherlock is sitting in Peter Morse’s reception area. His secretary, a young man around 25, had offered him tea or coffee because Peter was running late. Sherlock is wondering why both John and the secretary call him Peter and not Dr Morse.
“Okay.” Sherlock looks scared. When John realizes that Sherlock is scared of him he understands that maybe he must do something about that first.
“We’ll relinquish the idea only if we’re given the whole truth, with nothing left out! The Holmes family have resources. Indeed, my mother said I should mention that you’re going to see each other later this month, at your sister’s?”
“No! He didn’t tell me anything about Richard. Now he wants me to move on with the ladies because he ‘has at last realized that he must move on too’?!”
The two men had done everything they could to surprise the brothers, which wasn't the easiest thing to do! John smiles smugly, thinking how they had used their friends to put out red herrings for the Holmes brothers to find.
Suddenly one of the prison guards had opened the door and walked into the room and opened the cage. He put two blankets outside the cage door, before coming into the cage and standing in front of sherlock.
“I liked John from the first time we met, but I didn’t want another experience like Sebastian.” In visible frustration he pulls his fingers through his hair, sighs deeply and explains.
For a moment neither of the men say anything. Monty steals glances at his cousin. After some time John realizes that Monty wants to say something but doesn't know how to do it.
Monty takes over the reading when they come to the news of Ossian’s suicide: “I stood at the door to the church bidding farewell to the evening’s parishioners. A telegraph boy came running up to church. “Father Chaney! It’s a telegram for you, it was sent urgently!”
People meeting them on the walkway look at the two giggling men and one old woman can’t stop herself from stopping in front of them and laughing too.
“Yes, Thank you for the invitation.” Decision makes John stand nearly at attention. Ready to march into battle.
The first year at King's College in London had been a great relief. He no longer had someone’s eyes on him at every move he made.
“Is everything alright, John?  Your tea is ready, I’m starting the search of your family on the Ancestry website.”
Sherlock lifts himself up on his arms, afraid of getting the same reaction as earlier in the evening.
“We have two sleep compartments . I booked us with family tickets as you suggested. They have a door between the two sleeping compartments and a cot for Rosie in the one with the double bed. I’ll take the other one.”
“Rosie likes him and his taken good care of her both when we talked at the restaurant and when we visited Marcus. But you’re right it doesn’t feel right, not if we’ll be away for days.”
“John, it’s alright. Dinner is already cooked and I would really want to know how the investigation is going.”
At the same time that John is speaking he’s looking at Sherlock. Trying to read his face and body language. Something is worrying his friend very much, but what can that be?
“S-s-s-Sorry! I made a mistake! Sorry, I thought you were a local  resident, John Watson.” The man doesn’t know what to do and can’t stop staring at this unknown man.
“You guys are trying to save your friendship—maybe even a stronger relationship? Take the therapy sincerely and take your psychiatrist’s suggestions on board. Like how to apply things in practical life, changing your behavior to each other. Both of you have to do that.”
“Call it a professional interest, suicide is always intriguing for a psychiatrist. Especially if the suicide isn’t a suicide.”
Sherlock thought he would throw up in the man’s mouth! The grip that was holding his arms burned his skin on the arms.
In a strong voice, only slightly trembling, he responded, “It would be an honour to hold your hand, love.”
A knock at the door between their two compartments makes him turn around at the same time as John opens the door.
“John, we have been together for over forty-eight hours and we’ve been talking the whole time. How did you feel?”
Before answering Sherlock puts himself into his normal *thinking pose* with his hands together in front of his lips and closes his eyes.
“Yes, we are!” Sherlock gives her one of his totally fake happy smiles as he sits down beside Rosie.
“Is it so obvious that I’m uncomfortable?” She bites her lip and looks John in his eyes. Now he can see she has light blue eyes.
After a moment’s thought, he starts talking. “Yeah, I know about that erogenous zone. Some people are very sensitive in that area. So, it’s alright if I massage that scar on your left buttock?”
“It’s only so bloody hard and frustrating sometimes, doing therapy.” John’s face is starting to become a bit red. Specially after what Sherlock says next.
Rosie is so tired she nearly falls asleep at the table. Calmly Sherlock lifts her up in his arms and holds her close
John turns around and starts into the bathroom to check it out, answering softly, “Yes, a family room was what I wanted.”
“In the kitchen I was thinking about how many suicides you’ve been through in your life, both real and fake ones.”
“Wouldn’t it have been easier if you’d told me this the first time we asked about it? We know how Monty’s brothers feels about homosexuality and how homophobic they are. The question for us was how deep this fear goes, of not accepting family members because of their sexuality.
John Montgomery whistles loudly and then says, “I was born here in Buckie, 3rd of April 1969. Are you related to Hamish Montgomery Watson, who left Buckie in autumn 1925?”
“Being more and more flirty and showing more of his body. Like last week he came down every morning in only his bathrobe!” Frustration is clear in his voice.
“Thank you, it’s something we both will never get really over, isn’t it? You over your loss of your mum and me of my son?
Sherlock had petulantly accepted to live at John’s after being told that if he didn’t Mycroft would take him in at his house! That prospect had shaken Sherlock really badly, living in his brother’s mausoleum of a house. The spare room at John’s was a slightly better alternative, even if he felt like he trespassed into Mary’s home.
John’s throat tightens when he hears Sherlock’s words. As the same time as he wants to ask what Harry’s had for reason to not coming to his wedding, he really doesn’t want to hear the answer. It hurts to much.
“Yeah, sorry. I didn’t think about that. I only wished you’d known I would have helped you. Come on, then.”
Sherlock gives John the tube and lies down on the bed. John sits up, with his legs tucked under himself. He pours some cream on his right hand, then closes the lid. At the same time his eyes follow Sherlock’s spine down to the pajama-clothed buttocks and he thinks what a lovely view.
John hugs him close, one hand in Sherlock’s hair and the other holding on to his neck. Pulling Sherlock down with his legs around him. John’s kisses deepen but not hurriedly, he’s tasting and exploring sweetly with his tongue.
This chapter is written with the thought of how much time and energy both men have into therapy. It’s been an intensive six months with therapy sessions  where they’ve worked hard, both on their own and together. Boxing sessions also made it possible for Sherlock to show his sexual personality in a safe place.
“I’ve written down my safe words and what I agree to do the first time we’re making love--because it won’t be sex for me.”
“She then started to explain what demisexuality is and why she thought I was that. She said that, a demisexual personality must know and feel safe with the person they’re having sex with, even in their own mind. It doesn’t matter what gender their partner is for many demisexual people. Some people are totally straight or gay, but for some people it’s fluid.”
John’s problem with impotence was new information even for him. All the time he lived at the Watson house, John had taken showers of a normal length to relieve himself of tension. At least that’s what he thought John was doing.
“I love you,” Sherlock murmurs in John´s ear and holds him tight, one hand in his hair and the other around his waist.
John goes to Sherlock to say hi.“Sherlock, is everything okay?” John eyes the man next to Sherlock at the same time as John puts his right hand on Sherlock’s nearest arm and squeezes his arm a little.
Sherlock had smiled up at him and pointedly looked at John’s clothes. He didn’t need to say anything!
“No, it isn’t funny but we can’t do much about it. They have to be the ones that work themselves out. We can only be here, supporting them both and praying that neither of them do something they both will regret.”
Sherlock had explained that he loved to bottom but he needed to really feel secure with his partner. He had also thought that John needed more time experimenting with anal play and maybe toys before being thrown into the deep end.
John goes out to Sherlock and Richard in the kitchen. When he comes near the kitchen he sees Sherlock leaning against the kitchen table and Richard leaning into his body. Sherlock’s big hands are moving over Richard’s arms and back in gentle movements. John hears Richard sigh as he moves his head into Sherlock’s neck and kisses it.
“She-“ He can’t find the words to explain what he mean, he tries again to answer Sherlock’s question.
“So now the truth comes out! You’ve forsaken your own and your family’s faith!” His condescending tone is back.
Maybe it’s just that I've been in this fandom for over ten years and read so many fics. The stories that make me really engaged have some elements that make them better persons.
“Yes. Shall I take our bags, and you can carry Rosie? It worked well when we entered the train, didn’t it?”
John is feeding Rosie and glancing at the woman, in between giving Rosie a spoonful of food. Sherlock immediately registers John’s interest in her.
“Now I think the books and meeting my father’s last lover made a big difference. His telephone number was at the last page in the last diary. He agreed to meet me for a drink last Saturday. He’s a lovely, kind old man.”
A woman is sitting at a table at the other side of the corridor, smiling at both Rosie and John. After a moment she says, “what a happy little sweetheart!”
“After that meeting at Battersea I realized that we would never be a couple.The only relationship with sex we could ever have would be at best a *friends with benefits* way. We’d be the only ones who knew.”
He told John that Darin wanted him to start building up friendships with other people besides John, and why that was so important for Sherlock´s wellbeing and making it easier for him to not start using again.
“It’s a problem that both me and Sherlock have problems with talking about emotions. For a very long time I thought Sherlock could magically read my life story and feelings. I think the best thing we ever did was go to a psychologist.”
John and Monty walk to Giles’ sister’s house, John had only met her briefly this morning. She was as tall as her brother and had the same smile, maybe a couple of years older than him.
“I have to apologize for every time I said I’m not gay. I’m a bisexual man just out of the closet. Never having had any relationship with a man, only one-night stands... I am so sorry that I hurt you. Especially if you’re a gay man, Sherlock.”
The priest is now sitting down in a chair in front of them all with his legs crossed and his hands closed on his knees.
John takes a few steps closer and reaches out his hand to greet the man, “Hallo, my name is John Watson. I think we may be from the same family.”
When he came closer to Sherlock. Sherlock took hold of the punching bag and said,” Tell me what made you angry at our last session, why did you hit the trees so hard?”
“Yes, he loves children. He’s already told me he wants to adopt or maybe try surrogate method to become a father.” Sherlock’s voices is calm and collected. He makes it sounds like that issue hasn’t got anything to do with him.
Marcus has gray hair in a very smart fashion, his body is long and lean and still muscular. His eyeglasses are dark brown but makes him even more attractive.
Not keeping up with his normal, buttoned-up clothing. Showing more of his legs, neck--and one memorable morning, a newly washed body with only a towel around his hips!
She shakes her head and looks very sad. “I missed Ossian for a very long time after he died. You know, my old father could be hard to deal with sometimes. Especially if he’d had something to drink. At such times it was better to get Ossian than call for the police. He lifted my father and took him to his cottage so he could sleep it off. Sometimes old Mr W helped him carry him.”
Thousands of thoughts flow through his brain. Should he leave and give John the chance to chat her up? Maybe get her phone number?
“I didn’t hear the first time he said that he wants to be my friend. I was panicking, and didn't hear anything he said.”
No, I was out of the closet for many years at that time, couldn’t stand it anymore, having a partner in the closet.”
Sherlock holds on to the man in his arms, letting him have a moment of grief and relief. Knowing that Sherlock wouldn’t be lost to another relationship with another man. Giving John time to work on himself and their relationship.
“This woman isn’t a problem for our friendship? Maybe if John got a--” no, he can’t go there even in his head.
“It’s good that you’ve realized that your jealousy is hurting both me and you. You’ve sometimes, in a very subtle way, controlled me, and I will not accept that any more. If that doesn’t change, I won’t get involved in anything more than friendship with you. A friendship with clear lines of what’s acceptable or not. If we start a relationship and you begin behave like that again I will leave you, no matter how much it will hurt me” —John tries to interrupt his monologue, but he holds up a hand in a signal to stop— “Yes, I know I also have things to work on when it comes to manipulation. A relationship goes both ways? At least that’s what Peter and Darin have explained and taught us at our many sessions. Maybe it’s time we talk with them about helping us to write down some rules about what each of us should do and things we shouldn’t do.”
Somehow knowing that Rosie would travel with them made Richard calmer and less nervous over what could happen between John and him on the journey.
It had also made their sex life more active than John had ever thought it would be in the beginning.
Sherlock slowly closes the phone case after talking with Richard. The man had sounded so happy, hearing from him. Richard had pelted him with questions how the ride had been.
Sherlock sits in his thinking pose for a moment. Hands against his mouth, eyes rapidly moving when he thinks.
“I haven’t thought about it really. We have only been dating for four weeks. It’s too early to say one way or another? He sounds onshore.
“Should we call each other J.M and J.H, to not confuse everyone around us?” He says with a laugh in his voice.
Sherlock feels John’s nervous restlessness all through their preparations for the night. It’s worrying him, and when at last they are lying in the bed with Rosie in her cot besides them, he’s nearly as nervous as John is.
Sometimes John felt they made more progress in building a relationship at those training sessions than at therapy.
“Father was more respectful than dad.” John’s voice is so low now. His body language signaling that he doesn’t want to talk about it.
John doesn’t know what to do or say. He blushes and takes up Sherlock’s plate and starts putting meat and potatoes salad on it instead.
“I couldn’t let her touch me after what she did,  she was tired. Nine months pregnant and later a new baby to take care of. But she screamed the house down the first time I tried something in the shower when I had returned home.”
It’s Thursday night, little more than six months after the trip to Buckie. Sherlock is lying on his back in his bed at Baker Street.
Seeing him standing at the table with a smile and a silly moustache drawn on himself, John had flipped.
“You think I’m weak man?!” In a flash John is in front of Monty smiling his murderous smile. “You think I can’t restrain myself?”
But the man in front of him deserves so much more, he deserves the truth. “James, Mike and I shared a flat together in the beginning. James and I tried to keep it between us but I think Mike realized quickly that we fooled around. It didn’t last for long. James didn’t want to be in the closet. He left me and moved on to a new flat and a new boyfriend.”
First Richard had wanted to leave directly after saying those words, but Sherlock had insisted that they talk. They had argued and really had it out, Richard shouting his anger and frustration.
“Yes, but you’ve not forgiven him for leaving you at Bart’s, and after that your wife’s death. It’s a hard burden for him to bear. Don’t take away your friendship and Watson from him now that you’ve given him that. I don’t think he could go on if you did.”
John moves so close to Sherlock’s back. His right hand goes to Sherlock’s heart and his left hand to his stomach, near the hole Mary’s bullet put there. His nose goes into Sherlock’s neck. He breathes in Sherlock’s scent.
“Hard, at least a bit difficult, to say the least. It’s not only you that have baggage to go through. But sometimes it’s damned hard to sit there and talk to a man who sees right through you.”
“In your reference to controlling, does that include looking after you so that you eat and sleep? Smirking, John glared at him.
Seeing Sherlock high as a kite and knowing he been nearly killed by drug overdose, still trying to solve a case and flipping out at a suspect-
“I’m sorry, John. I know how important sex and being with someone is for you.” The sorrow is clear in his voice. Showing his heart openly for John.
“But sweetheart, both your daddy and I are here and it’s late in the evening. Little girls and boys, like you, should be asleep this time in the evening.” Sherlock sits down on the bed with his back to the wall, cradling Rosie in his arms. Rosie is still crying, but a with considerably lower volume. Just letting them know she isn’t happy.
“As I have already told Mr Montgomery Watson and Mr Giles Merivale, that’s not possible for me to tell. Nobody knows what happened!”
Sherlock had become even more confused when they entered the restaurant just a moment ago. He had carried Rosie in his arms and John had guided him with a hand on his back after the server showing them to their table.
The guard lifted him up from the floor by gripping his arms and tugging him right up. With a determined look he put his mouth on Sherlock´s.
“Again I was in a situation where I could be thrown away by you if you found the right woman. I realized you would never be open in any situation about being bisexual.”
“Just take care of your best friend that have had a horrible day. Feed him, cuddle him! He needs it even if he isn’t telling you that.”
“That’s an important discovery for you. I know how much you love John and how much it hurts you to let him go. But Sherlock, in the long run this is the right thing to do for both yourself and John’s sake.”
Standing there and looking out the window he remembers how terrified he’d been at that moment that she would tell John or Mary.
The walls have bookshelves after bookshelves full with books and items from all over the world. In front of the window are two white rocking chairs with a table cluttered with books.
“Normally I don’t but a college of mine had to go to a family gathering and asked me if I could do Saturday for her if she worked two days for me this weekend.” He smiles happily at Sherlock before continuing talking. “I didn’t know that it would help me too.”
He quickly brushes his teeth with bottled water without saying anything, only staring out of the window above the sink.
https://www.boozt.com/se/sv/calvin-klein-underwear/jock-strap-2pk_16926649/16926657,16926655?gclid=EAIaIQobChMI6cC1y-eu6wIVQ_iyCh1I9Q2dEAQYBCABEgLOzPD_BwE
“Sorry to interrupt, but it’s time to get Hamish and Rosie from my sister.” Giles does sound really contrite interrupting their discussion.
Sherlock is probably still in bed but he wants to know if they will get together today for a chat. His stomach is crouching with nerves.
He’s been spending the day working on flat 221C that he bought for little more than two months ago. Mycroft had resolutely intervened after becoming rather frustrated over John’s dithering over what flat he could manage to buy near Baker Street. After three months he had not found anything in his income bracket or suitable for him and Rosie.
John is dreaming. A man is going down on him. He knows it’s a man’s big mouth and John is trailing his fingers through the man’s dark hair.
“We recognize each other in our similarities. I’m usually a very private person, but he’s one of few people I think of as a friend.”
John is very amused at the care Sherlock takes in cleaning him up. It’s not often he’s seen this side of his lover. Lover?!
Rosie isn’t impressed, she’s screaming and letting everyone know that she doesn’t like the situation she’s in at all.
Sherlock had inhaled a big gulp of air before saying with a low voice,  “Rosie just demanded a kiss, just being a toddler and looking at me with a hurt look. I remember that it upset me that I couldn’t be--”
He puts down his cup of cold tea on the table beside him and puts his head in his hands. Yes, James was the man he had loved and hoped for- something more with, before meeting Sherlock.
“John has asked me to investigate and help him understand why the homophobia have become such a big thing in the Watson family. After he read Hamish diaries that he wrote all his life. One of they ways for me to investigate is to talk with the people still living and especially to you that was one of his long time partners in life?”
“Yes. He started to study as a doctor in the military after a *friend* of his became injured. John Henry Doyle.”
Richard had suggested that they could eat at the lunch restaurant not far away from his work. It was the architecture firm’s document with a building plan for a government building that had brought him to Sherlock.
“It’s me moving this along a bit. I know that you’re not used to this. Do you want safe words?” Sherlock is absolutely still above him.
But if  he pushes in one direction, he thinks Sherlock would go in another direction just to prove that nobody decides for him.
“Do you want to see your house? Reflexively John lifts his shoulders and make a face. His feelings is all over the place at the moment.
Sherlock had to deflect the guilt he felt somehow and the only subject he could think of was John’s mother.
“My father was a very hard man, often letting his fists talk in every situation that didn’t please him. He wasn’t especially interested in us children, it was almost as if he ignored us. Mum was the parent who was there and gave us all the things a child needs. Father appeared at the breakfast table, hiding behind the newspaper and shouting if it got too noisy around the table. When my siblings and I were younger we didn’t see him in the evening, he always worked late. At least that’s what mum said.”
Seeing how terrified Sherlock was that he wouldn’t give him a chance had broken John’s heart a little bit. That Sherlock still thought that he had to do everything right to earn his love.
They both go into the living room. Sherlock turns and gives John a cup of tea and a small peck on the lips.
“Do you know why Hamish’s punishment was so hard when his children showed interest in a person with the same sex as their own?” The question is made rather briskly by Sherlock.
Nodding, Monty agrees. “Yes, I know what you mean, doesn’t matter if I hate every minute of it. It has given me a life with Giles and a wonderful child.”
It’s obvious for Sherlock that John can’t stand more information right now. He’s quiet and seems to be faraway in his thoughts.
He takes more cream and starts massaging both sides of the spine. It takes only seconds for Sherlock to start moving, following John’s moving hands.
She immediately wakes up and starts to protest, yelling harder and harder with every second that passes.
“If Rosie doesn’t wake up when you laugh, nothing can make her do that tonight,” he remarks in a dry voice.
“Do you feel the same now as after your experience with your first boyfriend? And does that feeling feel differently from with Wilkes?”
A bit startled over a question about sex so abruptly was scary, but after only a moment, John answers.
For a moment John wonders if he should ask about the assassin but realizes quickly that they have a more important discussion going on just now. “What did you think about then?”
They’d lain in bed afterwards, Sherlock being the big spoon holding him against his chest. Somehow Sherlock had felt that John needed to regroup.
At last John is sighing and putting down the pen and paper, rising from the armchair and walking over to Sherlock.
John goes over to one of the rocking chairs at the window and Sherlock nearly falls down at the nearest sofa corner.
Rosie has fallen asleep in the car. She doesn’t wake up when John lifts her up before putting her i the stroller. It’s been a tiring couple of days, especially after playing with Hamish all day.
How sex isn’t important to me when something occupies my brain. Sorry, but stupidly I forget that’s not how you work.”
He loves you for you’re the mother of his children and that you’re *a good person*. His words not mine.
Sherlock takes a moment to get his thoughts and feelings together and starts telling Peter what he thinks he and John need help with.
“My second boyfriend? We're only boyfriends in his or my room! For him I was a good fuck when he couldn’t get a girl.”
John smiles back and silently goes into the room and to the cot. Sherlock follows him and puts the girl down.
The second tour they became closer, because now the risks were higher and the attacks harder and more frequent.
“Perfectly?” He snorts and shakes his head. “No, after she left I couldn’t keep up the charade. John saw this but he couldn’t figure out what the truth was, one way or the other.”
“He then says, and I quote,*two men can be friends with each other when one of them is gay and the other is straight,* end quote.”
”Hamish joined the military because it was the easiest way to get an income to support his family. The first day of training he met J.H, as he was called, and my Father wrote in his diary *I felt like a ton of bricks fell over me*  when he met J.H for the first time.”
Silently John is listening to the other man. Than the reaction comes without him thinking about what his about to say.
I could find some girls interesting and I really wanted to become a father. We decided that I should court and later marry Anna Buckels. Ossian has never found girls or women attractive.
“Yes, but only if we use safe words. If it feels right we go on, but if you ever feel overwhelmed or if it--”
They eat and talk for a long time, just feeling happy to be together and with easy feelings between them. Rosie sleeps contentedly.
“John, I have solemnly promised to protect my goddaughter. I couldn’t successfully do that for her mother. We both know that I can’t guarantee that I will succeed doing it for Rosie either, but it will not be because I haven’t tried my best.”
Decision made about what to do after they eaten. John starts talking about another matter that’s occupying his mind.
Hamish and Rosie were tired but still in high spirits. Monty tries to reason with Hamish, telling him that if he doesn’t sleep he will be very tired in the afternoon and later at dinner. But a stubborn five-year-old isn’t a easy opponent.
“So the best thing you can do is to invest in a new apartment that probably will get a higher price if she sells it when she becomes twenty-one?”
Sherlock turns around and sits up. At the same time he reaches out to steady John and keep him from falling  off the bed.
Again Sherlock rumbles out a laugh at John’s funny face. John reaches out to caress his cheek, his face showing admiration and happiness.
Hastily he left the cage and threw the blankets inside before he closed and locked the door. At the same time the lock had clicked closed, the room´s door had opened up. A senior guard entered the room and angrily asked the man in Serbian what he was doing.
Agitated he stands up and moves to the window, looking out. Trying to get as far from Peter and his own feelings.
After some time John had felt secure enough to ask why Sherlock didn’t want to have penetrative sex with him. John had also offered to be the bottom, thinking that was the reason for Sherlock’s reluctance.
John has nearly fallen asleep when he hears the other man’s rumbling voice. “I think it would be good if Peter’s partner would take me on instead.”
“Yes, of course. I think you’ve a great deal much to tell me about your great grandfather: what did Monty tell you?”
“Marcus told us that he and my Father were together for fifteen years and friends for nearly six before he died. They broke up because my Father couldn’t bring himself to come out from the closet. Everyone that could have had anything against it was dead besides my Aunt Peggy. I don’t want to make the same mistake and lose my chance to love!”
Monty tells John about his father and family. They are both surprised over how many life experience in their both families have been very much alike: how much of family life involved religion, keeping up the appearance of being manly for the men and boys. Religious rules made family dynamics hard sometimes for some in the family.
First his left hand starts searching, then when he’s located a torso, his body moves in search of contact.
The young secretary Theo is very nice and obviously finds Sherlock attractive. He’s flirting in a discreet way. Sherlock is surprised at himself because he enjoys the man’s flirtation, and is flirting back. Theo looks like a young Harrison Ford, like in the first Indiana Jones films.
John is nervous before he contacts Sherlock on Saturday morning. They decided to meet at Oliver’s pancakes house. When John and Rosie arrive at the restaurant Sherlock and Richard is already there, drinking coffee.
John entangles his fingers with Sherlock’s. Sherlock gives him a tentative smile only to assure him that it’s alright. John nods for him to start reading, and Sherlock begins.
After only three meetings Darin had realized that. He had asked him if he had any friends aside from John; he then plainly asked, what about Richard?
“Yes, and Hamish was a very private person. I feel blessed that he let me know him as good as I did. But sometimes- “
Sherlock is growing but he doesn’t look upset. He knows that he changed a lot over the years he’s lived alone.
“I know. We’ve already hurt each other too much to be a couple, John.” He breathes for a moment, keeping eye contact with John.
“He looked rather shaken when we left.” Sherlock ends the recap of their meeting. “I think the letter’s already been burned.” Giles interrupts and gives Sherlock’s shoulder a squeeze: “It’s good that Sherlock thought to document the letter for the family, if the priest starts trying to deny it ever existed.”
John and Rosie had only seen him early in the morning sleeping on the couch or in whatever place he suddenly had fallen asleep. The floor, his chair or under the kitchen table. That happened the last morning of the case.
“Those who live in glass houses should never throw stones!” He reaches out his hand to Monty signaling that he wants to shake his hand.
(Maybe not rimming the first time. I like the feeling of doing it, both as receiver and giver. At least with, you know who.) It's not polite to speak about an old lover, sorry.)
He’s about as tall as John, broad shoulders and blond hair. He thinks the man is about 35 years old. He snaps out of his inspection of the man and answers Greg’s questions.
Sherlock didn’t know how to handle the situation. He couldn’t understand why John resented his suggestion so much, which made John even more upset.
Mary McKerrow was a different situation. She threatened to tell everyone what sort of friendship Ossian and I had. She wanted to get married and didn’t care that I didn’t love her. She didn’t want to be a maid, for her it was like winning a prize when she walked in on us kissing. Forgetting to lock doors in the heat of the moment was our downfall.
The other man hadn’t been specially happy over them going to Buckie, but understood why it was necessary.
John had felt so vulnerable at that moment. Afraid that if he said too much Sherlock would think he was needy and not worth the trouble.
Hours and hours of rants from his father how Harry destroyed the family name, both at church and in the neighbourhood. Always feeling his father’s and grandparents’ eyes on him. Judging him for everything he did and especially which people he chose to be friends with and who he dated when he got older. The girl he went out with at that time had to have a good name in the neighbourhood and church.
Harry and her new girlfriend had invited Rosie for a visit. Slowly the siblings had started building up a relationship again after the breakdown many years ago.
John had started experimenting with toys in the periods when Sherlock wasn’t interested in sex. They’d also started experimenting with toys together.
Earlier in the week after their meeting with Marcus he had decided that he needed to talk with Peter about his sexuality and- sex.
Soon they’re both breathless again, John pumping with his thighs to give Sherlock as much pleasure he can.
“This town is really old,” John says thoughtfully. “All the houses in this lane must be hundreds of years old at least.”
Christmas had been very nice, with Molly and Ian coming early in the afternoon for dinner and celebration. For the first time Sherlock could relax in Molly´s company, seeing how good her relationship with Ian was.
Not to forget the romantic gesture that seemed to come naturally for Sherlock when it related to one John Hamish Watson.
“I understand what you’re saying, but you must understand that Sherlock isn’t doing this to save a partner relationship between you two. He’s doing this to save your friendship.”
Somehow John had thought that a male lover would be rough and a bit on the violent side, not this tenderness Sherlock was showing. Then John realized that it was again his father’s voice in his mind, telling him these lies.
“Old Mr W? I was only a little girl when he left, can’t say I remember him very well. Only that his friend Ossian made him give us children hard candy when we helped him sing in the children’s chorus at Christmas. Mr W was so happy and kind when Ossian was with him! It must have been a terrible shock for him when Ossian died in an accident visiting family in Edinburgh.”
John has a very hard time concentrating on both Sherlock’s words and what his hands are doing on his body.
Sighing, John looks away, over Sherlock´s left shoulder. “I would use other words. Like, back at you or, you´re my lovely wife. If she said I love you, my standard answer was *you too*. That all stopped after you revealed that she shot you, and her old life as an assassin. I just couldn't get the words out.”
But he wants to make it good for John too, he tries to find the right speed and motion to make John moan and gasp.
“It’s a good thing we live nowadays, with new laws and at least less prejudice among people! Giles is a lovely man, and your Hamish is a happy little boy.”
Sherlock's hands are now slowly massaging his left shoulder to warm it up a bit before starting to release the knots he can feel under his fingers.
John is quite for a moment think about what Sherlock just said. Sherlock is quite and letting John think.
Not saying anything John only nods, takes his pajamas and goes to the bathroom. His stride is fast and determined.
They play and he takes good care of her the times John leaves her with him. Rosie is very happy every time she realizes that they’re on the way to Sherlock.
“If your Alex would walk through that door”, Sherlock had pointed at the door of the flat. “which one of us would you choose? You would choose your husband, wouldn’t you? Not because you don’t love me but because he’s your”- an inhale, and Richard’s face showing him how hurt he felt, stopped Sherlock.
Without saying the word demisexual, it was like the author wrote Sherlock being that. It also made me think about how few Sherlock stories  are actually written from a demisexual person’s POV on / experience of love and sex.
The only thing John could do was listen and watch his lover plan their evening, his heart full of joy.
“It isn’t, I was only thinking about a case Sherlock and I worked on, and he said to me ‘It’s never twins!’”
Sherlock decided that it would be more romantic eating at the living room table than in the kitchen. He googled *romantic dinner settings for two male partners.*
At last he feels Sherlock's whole body on his back, a bulge between his hips just under his bollocks.
“Are we arguing about if we should have sex or not? Really?” Frustration is obvious in John’s voice.
Sherlock moves his hand steadily over John’s whole erection with the moves he usually uses on himself.
“Mum? She became pregnant with my brother when she was sixteen. Hamish was her brothers Adam’s friend and they had known each other all their life. Both families were very active in the local church and later in life she became a devoted catholic. She had fancied Father for a long time and tried to catch his eye. When my grandfather Montgomery started to question why Hamish didn’t go on dates or had any girlfriends Hamish decided to ask Jean out.”
John has difficulty getting out the question burning on his tongue. “How do you know about that?” He feels like angst will take over his body, feels feverish, his stomach knotting up.
He sees Sherlock’s tender smile when he looks down at the little girl in the cot. It’s very crowded in a small place between the wall and the bed.
“I took a long way home thinking about what to do. Thinking over my options before seeing you again. Start a secret whatever or move away from you, leave the flat?”
Sherlock deduces John’s feelings and makes assumptions about what he wants just now. “Do you want me above you as you were before?”
He looks at the list of breakfast options that they can order for the morning. They can eat in the compartment or in the lounge on the train.
“I want to know. Your father’s abuse hurt you and your sister so much. Go on, John.” Sherlock’s voice is calm but it has a warmth to it.
“Please, read it for us, Sherlock.” Fidgeting John looks straight at him, hoping that Sherlock will deduce what he needs. Sherlock reads him like an open book and answers him, “Alright, If we can sit down on the sofa?” He reaches for John’s right hand and pulls him to the sofa.
“You did risk my life! If you only knew how many times I thought of ending it. How many times I drank myself into oblivion. And then you appear with a lunatic joke, dressing like a waiter!”
“No! You did everything right. It felt wrong for you to be thrown on the bed with me over you. It’s surprising that you used your words instead of punching me!”
Peter nods and makes a note in his notebook to get back to this subject in a later session. Meeting Sherlock’s gaze when he lifts his eyes from the notebook, he sees suspiciousness in that look.
“We can start to eat at the meantime.” The table is set with three plates and the food looks delicious.
“Got you! We’re not going to Angelo’s tonight. Greg and I had other ideas. Don’t worry, we’ll have plenty of time for ourselves this weekend!”
Just five weeks into their relationship Sherlock had gotten a new case that had him on the hunt for eight days.
“You met my daughter?” Now John is staring at Sherlock with steel in his eyes that are so dark blue they look brown.
“Janine went after you into the bathroom, John said. Why did you both play the game of being a couple?”
“Janine said she wanted to see his reaction after he had written me off as asexual. Mary had told her that’s what he believed was my nature.” It’s a sad tone to his voice now, but still anger as well.
“You’re right! Plenty of time later. In your message, you wanted to meet because you had questions?”
Just the thought of Sherlock with Scott, who apparently meant very much to him, made his stomach roil.
He sees a man in a garden lying on the lawn in front of a big yellow house, playing with a golden retriever and a small boy  about three years old, while Rosie sits in the stroller clapping her hands and squealing loudly at them.
When I am stressed or on a case that takes all my thought process, makes me not interested. If you touch me in such a situation I can react very badly--sorry, but that’s how I would react. Not because I don’t love you, it’s just a bodily reaction.”
Earlier in the week after their meeting with Marcus he had decided that he needed to talk with Peter about his sexuality and- sex.
Sherlock is looking quietly at the older man, trying to understand if he’s against him being near Rosie. Worrying if it’s his drug problem that makes the psychiatrist not want him near her.
After the walk and a playtime in the garden for the children, Monty asked if their guests would like to eat dinner with them.
“Good, now you’ve shown him that his thoughts about what *fun* you two would have had it if you had taken him with you is false.”
John realizes for the first time that Sherlock really has a sexual history. A history that takes his breath away, why is this making him so jealous?
The second week had started with Christmas day at Monday. They decided to stay at the Watsons’, and invite Molly and her boyfriend Ian.
“I was thinking about my feelings of jealousy, they surprise me sometimes. In some relationships it’s not really a problem, like with Mary and her history with David. I never felt any jealousy when I met him or saw him with Mary.” He quiets down and searches for Sherlock’s reaction.
“No, I’m a bit surprised but it’s been a very active day for her at the daycare. They had a birthday party for two of her group mates today.”
After the case had ended and Sherlock had slept for fourteen hours, John made him eat. To his great delight Sherlock had wolfed down everything on the plate and drained several glasses of water.
Sherlock waited for Harry and Miriam to leave before he again started to talk about the evening with Richard.
The next flatmate was a friend of Mike’s but not a rugby player. Mike and Arnold knew each other from childhood and Mike’s friend was-- dull.
It had been a surprise when he realized  that Greg and Mycroft were a couple! A big flower arrangement was waiting on the kitchen table when they came back from their visit to John’s family home a year ago.
“Yes of course.” With a shy look John lets his left hand squeeze Sherlock’s nearest shoulder. “See you soon.”
John had explained that when his father was home all her attention was on him. The children come in second place at best, if neither of the grandparents was sick at that moment. If John or Harry interrupted their parents' time together, she became upset. She didn´t hurt them but made it clear that they couldn’t interrupt their parents’ time.
He looks stunning in a dark red shirt and a black suit. His hair falls down over his forehead in soft curls.
He’s a tall man, the same height as Sherlock and Giles. Around sixty years old, with salt and pepper hair and very black eyebrows.
“Yeah, Mary wasn’t happy with me the last month’s of her life. I couldn’t stand her touching me and felt to embarrassed if I tried satisfying myself in the shower. It was easier too not do anything. Less reason for a argument to start. We were both too tired, taking care of a newborn.”
John had even talked about his hook ups to Sherlock. Trying to be brave, he told him about having sex with both men and women, when he was in the army. He had also with a really red face told him that he´s been afraid of anal sex and therefore never tried that.
“No! No Johnny for me, I’ll always been Monty when in a situation with too many people called John!”
“Lover.” That was what he was now. This tender and loving man. The most caring of all his partners he had in all his life. This wasn’t anything to feel ashamed or bad about. Wonder what Marcus would say if I told him?
The afternoon is spent in relaxing company with the children. They all go for a walk, looking out over the Northern Sea.
“You wanted me to get it checked out why I couldn’t get it up, I remember.” He sighs and his left hand is rubbing over his face, he can’t look at Peter any longer. He’s to embarrassed.
Silently John takes the lube from Sherlock and starts lubing his dick. With a low but serious voice he says, “when I had those sexy dreams about you, your dick looked exactly like this. How could I know that?”
“And then you stumble over me, a man who could be a representative of your family? You really didn’t want to meet me!”
Somehow, getting them to write down guidelines and rules over how to interact had opened up a dialogue. A dialogue about everything from what they loved in each other to the things that drove them crazy.
“I will go and get us a table, see you two later.” He gives Rosie a kiss on her forehead. At the same time a waitress comes with two plates with food to Rosie and Richard.
“Good, she needs some older people in her life. Maybe you can tell Rosie about her grandfather when she gets older?
“Peter suggested it last time I had therapy with him. Darin Wilkinson, his partner at the clinic? He explained to me that Darin has worked with agents who have been through traumatic experiences and now are living with PTSD.”
Why did he say that? But he loves that the other man is calling him darling. Yes, he damn well wants to be Sherlock’s Darling or whatever sweet things he wants to call him.
“I loved my first boyfriend with all my heart. When he touched me I felt like my skin was on fire, but my mind was calm and safe. The sex was the best sex in my life.”
Quickly he stands up and goes to the window looking out and turning his back to the psychiatrist. He desperately wants to get a grip on his feelings and not make a fool of himself in front of the other man.
Scott’s involvement with Sherlock was easier to talk about and handle. The wanker Sebastian! NOOOOOOOOO way!
“Because you never think he will leave you when you start hitting him. You only feel betrayed over him leaving you or putting his life at risk doing stupid things that can end in him dying. I don’t say that it’s not understandable that you got angry, but hitting him isn’t acceptable!”
1983 January           Hamish and Marcus meets for the first time at a grieving support group that the church have organized.
Peter feels so badly for this man. It can’t be easy, wanting a closeness with another person, but at the same time being afraid that that person would take much more than Sherlock is willing to give at that moment.
He’d put his head against the other man’s chest and chortled. After a moment Sherlock had a joyful laugh with him.
“She seems to be not too bothered by being on the move.” He looks at his goddaughter’s sleeping face. Her cheeks are a bit flushed.
John has been reduced to a shaking mess, he can’t hear what Sherlock is saying. He is standing there screaming, inside himself.
I liked, and even later in our marriage, loved Anna. I made a family with her, but she never had my heart like Ossian.
Sherlock’s wooing started there on the sofa with the phone call. In front of John he had told Angelo that he wanted to take his date on their real first date at the restaurant. He ordered a table set with tablecloth, candles and a bouquet of roses.
John turns to the other man, having a rude answer ready, but then he sees Sherlock’s face. Something in Sherlock’s eyes makes him let go of Rosie.
“Yeah, what’ll happen to our little bee then?” John huffs out between spurts of laughter. Sherlock answers him with a smile, feeling so happy that John is calming down from his nervousness.
“Why do you think that she had reached the right diagnosis of your sexuality?” Peter asks the question very politely and with no judgment in his tone.
Some days earlier, John had explained that they wanted to take Rosie with them to a children’s jungle experience that was taking place early on Saturday morning in a nearby village. It was easier to go from their house to the village in the morning than to first collect Rosie at Baker Street and then drive to the village.
“Sometimes I thought she degraded herself to get his attention. When he was home she tried to look as nice as she could, even when doing laundry, vacuuming the house or taking care of Harry and me. She did everything so that he didn’t need to do anything about the house!”
A long silence interrupts the conversation. Then Sherlock whispers with a low voice, trying to say the words as calmly as he can.
John looks at them and shoves over to the other side of the bed, leaving room for Sherlock and Rosie to lie down besides him.
Sherlock thinks it’s amusing that the man looks like the older movie star Cary Grant when he was older. His dad used to look at old Cary Grant movies and had shown Sherlock interviews in the paper when Mr Grant was older with his picture in it.
“I think I should change into my night clothes when you’re here with her. If she wakes up again after you leave for the night, she won’t sleep anymore.”
“This is something I never thought would happen between us.” John sounds so confused but at the same time happy.
John glances over his shoulder with a rueful look before asking, “Are you afraid I’ll react badly because of what happened earlier tonight?”
“It’s practically with the room being childproof and having a cot. Then it can be some more beds than two for grown ups in a family room. You can check how many beds there are before deciding to book the room?”
“I can make some bolognese sauce with pasta? All the ingredients are in the kitchen and it’s more than enough for all of us.”
“I think the scandal is that your great-grandfather was bisexual and got caught with a man. If he’d been found with another woman, it would’ve been bad, but not so bad that he would have to leave his wife and children, abandoning them. It isn’t in your family code of conduct to abandon the family. Even when you know your wife’s deepest secret.” He stops speaking to gauge John’s reaction.
“The reporter makes contact with Sherlock and his date. Sherlock knows that Richard has been out of the closet for many years and has no problems with people knowing that he isn’t straight.”
With a sorrowful face John  presses out though stiff lips “I hurt Sherlock even more by saying those words on so many occasions, both before my marriage and after.”
Sherlock cleaned the bathroom minutely, and the bathtub got a real scrub down. The tub would be one of the high points of the evening.
John's eyes start with his nipples that are fully erect and begging for kisses. Without thinking John’s tongue slips out and wet his lips.
Monty starts to giggle and a second later John also interrupts in a giggle. John huffs out, “and I’m in love with a detective, what a pair we are!”
“You have the right to feel whatever you feel, but remember Sherlock didn’t do anything wrong here. I think you should talk to Sherlock this weekend if he wants to speak with you. Remember what we talked about and think it over. Next session we’ll talk about what your feelings are, after you’ve thought it over.”
Rosie is very happy for the new lounge to investigate. Everything has bright colors on the interior of the car.
“Depending whether John is nearby and how deep your connection is mentally at the moment?” There’s a bite of humor in that question.
John just breathes for a moment before he can bring himself to say anything. Then he looks at Sherlock who has only eyes for Richard. Laughing at something the other man just said.
“It must have been around lunch time? I met Richard and had lunch with him. Think I ate something then.”
Sherlock is very tactile, and never tries to get away when she wants a hug or a kiss. He even offers hugs and kisses himself when they meet after some time.
His mind went blank when Sherlock took off his trousers, he had tight black pants and-- That was the first real sight John had got of the other man’s *package*, though. He hadn´t really seen anything when Sherlock strolled around in a sheet at the palace. When his mind started working again Sherlock had left for the boxing hall.
“John, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it as a sub/dom situation. It was for your protection. This is new to you and with your experience with internalized homophobia it could be a good thing to use.”
As soon as he tries to rise from the bed Rosie startles awake again. She’s not having it, that he should leave her and daddy. John takes her in his arms and tries consoling her.
Sherlock nearly falls out of his chair. Wobbling on his feet, he goes to the door that leads to Theo in the reception.
“Okay. Good to know.” John’s left hand is twitching with emotion. Richard looks on with a worried expression.
If you had asked me this morning what would happen this day and then retold all the twists and turns, I wouldn't have believed you.
John quickly puts on his seatbelt and gives Sherlock a smile and says with a cheery, “Alright, shall we see how the car is to travel in?”
I accept all things you have suggested in your letter. Maybe a massage would be a good starting point?
John again agrees with his cousin: “Going away from every place here he could see his lover in every corner. By escaping, he reduced the risk of following Ossian and doing something desperate.”
The flat is much easier to clean now that Sherlock’s experiments are in Rosie’s flat. Also all clients are visiting there instead of in their home.
❤️ Congratulations to our brothers-in-law, for finally getting your act together! Looking forward to meeting my new family member for a pub night. Greg
Sherlock has a funny feeling that the man knows the reason for Hamish Montgomery Watson’s departure from his work.
“She had gotten a new dress that day he asked her out. She kept the dress and would take it out to show us how good looking it was. The reason for us existing!”
When John is upright in the bed Sherlock starts to button up his pajamas top at the same time as he leans in again and kisses John’s neck.
Smiling, John nods. When Sherlock sits up and John rolls over onto his stomach and he hears a thoughtful, “I think it’s better if you’re sitting on the bed with me behind you.”
John had been content with not seeing Sherlock’s face, and had hesitantly asked, “why did you do that?”
“Then I’ll give the restaurant an order for two people and a child that needs a child’s chair, what name should I put on the rese?”
“Well, it would be nice to see you again and meet Mr Holmes. He seems to be a very interesting person.”
Remembering the feelings and the joy of being loved makes Sherlock’s face so beautiful that Peter suddenly has difficulty breathing.
Sherlock shyly looks down at the tube in his hand, biting his lower lip before answering, “It’s been very tense between us for a long time now. Living together and at the same time therapy and working on our relationship?” His voice is uncertain.
In the beginning John had thought he would never make it through; guilt was eating him up after every meeting with Peter. It had become even more challenging when he started working on his relationship with Sherlock.
“Two weeks later at 21 of August he threw a blow at Hamish head. Hamish answering with blows back and there needs four men to separate them from the fight.” <
A little sad smile appears on Sherlock’s lips. Thinking to himself, why should she try to stop me using it? Still looking down on the carpet he answers.
“Stop it! You said I should plan this trip and that you wanted a family room. We have a family room with one double and one single bed. Kitchenette and bathroom all in one!” Blushing, John only nods his head and stops arguing. Instead he starts taking Rosie out from her car seat.
Still John is standing in front of him, looking unseeing at their combined hands. The seconds go by slowly, but Sherlock thinks his sweetheart? Darling? - Soon to be lover? needs the time to decide what he wants to do. It’s the first time John would be making love with a man with a light on. It wouldn’t be a fumble without real feelings, in the dark after a night with much to drink.
“Maybe I should take a little lubricant with me? In case John changes his mind?” Hesitantly he reaches for a lubricant, then he takes a lotion that he likes, one that hasn’t got an intrusive smell.
“Well, I think you’ve diagnosed yourself with a little help from Janine. I was wondering about one thing: Why did Janine do the things she did when John visited your flat? Making a pretense of being your lover, coming out of your bedroom very scantily clothed, specially choosing to wear your shirt?”
“Sorry if this question drags up old hurt feelings, if it’s to hard for you to answer please say stop.” Sherlock looks at Marcus with a concern look.
Even Mycroft had said a month ago that their partners were planning something. He asked his little brother what it could be.
After a very long time John remembers that Sherlock obviously wanted something when he entered the flat and said those three important little words.
“I told him about six months ago to start taking care of himself and changing his life to something better for him. He really enjoys his time with Rosie and he’s happy that you trust him with her now. After some time talking to each other we even talked about him being gay and wanting a partner in his life. He had just realized that you would never move back to Baker Street and you would soon find a new girlfriend or wife.”
“I’ve lost contact with two of my brothers, my sister lives not far from us and we see each other every day. Like today she’s babysitting our son Hamish.”
Sherlock gives him time and space. He understands how hard it is for John to put words to his feelings.
From the day Sherlock had moved into the Watsons’ household to that night when John held him, it was like the thermostat in his body had been pushed up several degrees. After Boxing Day morning, it had started to be a problem, trying to hide his dilemma from John.
“You’ve successfully helped John with things where no other psychiatrist has succeeded. What is your advice for me, then?”
When John realized that Sherlock had seen through his endeavour to get Richard away from Sherlock, and that he hadn’t succeeded--well, John wasn’t happy.
He’s struggling to concentrate; his mind isn’t engaged in the paperwork. All his thoughts are on how his life has changed this last year. Secondly, on the party he and Greg had planned for this weekend.
Together they had put Rosie down in the high chair, and then John had pulled out his chair and been very attentive to him. Sherlock couldn’t understand why he was behaving so differently.
“Giles, he said that the name must become positive in our family, and not a sort of cautionary name we take with us from generation to generation.”
“Hey, beautiful. Did you wake up in a new environment that’s a bit noisy? Yes, it’s no fun not knowing where you are or what time of the day it is.”
Monty talks over John’s words, saying calmly, “Sherlock is worrying himself into a frenzy that you two will never get together. He loves you more than he loves himself, how many times must he sacrifice himself for you to see that? That’s two of your problems—or maybe the two biggest problems—in your relationship.”
Richard was also surprised, but didn’t mind the invitation so shortly before the concert. Secretly he was relieved that Sherlock had made the first move to becoming friends for real this time. It made him more certain that Sherlock really wanted a friendship.
All through this Angelo is standing in the doorway looking at them with a fond smile and a champagne bottle in his hands.
He is interrupted by Father Holstii. “Don’t say I didn’t warn you all against opening this can of worms! I’ll tell you everything and show you the documentation, but please, no more talking openly about this, think of the scandal!”
“The little Lady have eaten and is a bit restless, I think we take a walk to the playground at the other side of the house?” He smiles at Sherlock with happiness. “Call me when you have eaten.”
Rosie that was on her way to start protesting begins to squeal when she hears about the swings. John and Sherlock waves at them.
John soon understood that Sherlock could be still on the couch for hours if John played with his hair. Forgetting everything to do with experiments in the flat downstairs.
Just above the left kidney his fingers find a deeper scar that makes him worry whether Sherlock has any lasting problems with that kidney. Softly he glides his fingers over the scar.
PTSD: the hardest topic of them all, both in relation to himself and what he now knew impacted John’s life.
“Well, he’s getting a divorce now!”Greg points and John turns around and sees Sherlock and Richard kissing. Nobody else in the pub seems to react to what they’re doing.
Sherlock had started the morning cleaning the flat after the other two members of the family had left the flat.
Then he asked if Sherlock had any contact with Maud, the police secretary who worked with Greg at Scotland Yard.
John takes hold of his nearest hand and strokes it soothingly with his thumb.“He made it easier for you to stay clean by being there in the evenings?” His voice is calm and understanding, not even a hint of jealousy in the voice.
Later on the walk Monty seeks out Sherlock and tells him that he’s so happy to have met his cousin, and also to see how a good friend John has in Sherlock.
Then his rugby playing and matches for his university team made his father relent a bit more. After meeting Mike Stamford and seeing his son interact with him, insisting that John move back home.
“My head hurts thinking about it!” Sherlock lets go of his hand and slowly caresses his right cheek. Feeling the stubble under his fingers, an enjoyable shudder goes through Sherlock’s body.
“Sorry Mrs H, I didn’t mean to be stirring up old memories.” Monty gives the old woman a hug. “You know you've been like a Gran to me and my siblings.”
When he got his breath he sits up and puts his face in is hands feeling shameful over what just happened.
“Your daughter is a lovely little girl. I was just over there with some homemade jam. The children were playing in the garden. It’s lovely to see a new generation of Watsons growing up.”
How can the man look so calm and collected? Irritated John gives the man in the other armchair a glare.
“Why is that so bad? Do you hurt Sherlock or Richard that you dream about having sex with Sherlock?”
“Darin made me see that our experiences about sex and different norms and rules in life were making our relationship harder. If we don’t try to talk about it, sex could break our relationship. For me a sex toy is just a object that can give pleasure. An object that has nothing to do with being a moral or immoral person.”
Something clicks in John’s brain. “You couldn’t answer the phone that time Moriarty was back, because you had a raging boner!”
“Cheers! I’ll hold you to it or I will haunt you down, and carry you to Peter and Darin for a new round of therapy!”
John smiles  back happily and comes with his suggestion: “Or one of us could be called Johnny and the other one John?”
Darin was a handsome man in his fifties. Tall, taller than him by far, maybe six feet six inches. Mostly blond hair with grey streaks and with peculiar light brown eyes. A strange mix of Scandinavian and Middle Eastern ancestors. He moved with grace and totally in control of his long body. When Darin Wilkinson stood in front of him that first time, Sherlock was dumbstruck!
For some time John is occupied with helping Rosie eat and drinking some coffee himself. He’s a bit surprised over how good both the food and coffee taste.
He didn’t get to the end of the explanation before attacking the tree as hard as he could. Anger running high in his veins.
Together they try not to wake up Rosie and get under the two blankets. They’re both relieved when Rosie keeps on sleeping, sighing in her sleep and turning to John. Holding a steady grip on his shirt that he’s sleeping in.
John smiles and stands up: it’s time to go home and celebrate a year of being together. Challenging, yes; worth it, definitely!
So he’d asked, “You don’t want me to be sexually frustrated but also not to cheat with somebody else?”
Again he looks quickly up at the other man. It feels unsettling to talk about this with Peter. The other man looks totally serious and actively listening.
Sherlock had been a bit surprised at that; normally Harry would invite Rosie over for a Saturday to Sunday visit. “Three days with the little monkey was a long time,” Harry had said many times before.
That what was his mind decided to dream about that night after a happy and relaxed Christmas party. Sherlock´s defences had been down, and he hadn’t even thought about nightmares going to bed that night.
“Yeah, that was a bit awkward, wasn’t it?” They look at each other and start to laugh. Sherlock gets out after a moment, “It’s not good, getting into a particular *state* with a child at the table!”
Even he sees that Sherlock is trying to hide his nervousness. It’s obvious for Peter that the man is very upset. “Wonder why?” he thinks for himself.
With cheeks red with a blush,  Sherlock tries to get John to drop the topic and move into the car instead.
Peter asked John if he had understood him correctly when John earlier in the therapy had said, his mother hadn’t been really there for her children mentally. That her thoughts and feelings had been occupied by her husband.
After a very long time the priest sighs and gives the other men a glance. All three stand, ready for a fight.
Normally he doesn’t like to sleep in bunk beds, but this time there won’t be anyone sleeping above him.
“Really? Is that a good idea? Who’ll take care of her when you two investigate the Watsons’ scandal?”
“The poor man,” Monty sighs, “he must have been so crushed and devastated.” John fills in and supports his cousin's words. “Losing his lover of probably many years. They were childhood friends, always in each other’s company. Did Hamish marry so young for the same reason as my Father? As a protection for speculation over what sorts of relationship he and Ossian had?
Mulling that over for a moment John realizes that’s true, he did know about Sherlock’s soldier kink. All those glossy mags with soldiers that were lying around the flat.
If your partner tells you that they are demisexual, it’s best to ask them questions about what works for them.
“A fight without any of the involved in the fight making any accusations of the other part would probably be seen as a drunken growl, if they had been drinking?
The smile and michshef in Marcus eyes says that he isn’t even a little sorry for how his house looks.
It becomes very silent in the compartment. After a long time Sherlock says, “Peter suggested today that we should take the opportunity to talk in the dark. I told him we would be sharing a family room. He said it would be easier for us to talk when we didn’t see each other’s faces and body language. Is that something you would want to try?”
Therefore some of Sherlock’s experience and solutions to his sexuality are the things my life experience has taught could work.
John still lives with Rosie in the home he shared with Mary. Last week it was a year ago that Mary was killed.
At their table was the bouquet with red roses, just as Sherlock had ordered. On one of the plates lay a rose.
In this story Sherlock is demisexual and has started to understand himself and how his sexuality works. I am demisexual myself and it has taken me a long time to understand and make it work. For a long time I thought that I was asexual but it didn’t feel right.
Father Holstii is a bit surprised at Mr Holmes’ question about seeing the papers about Hamish Montgomery Watson’s time working at the church. But he doesn’t have any real objection when he hears that John Hamish Watson is traveling up to Scotland to get to know more about his great-grandfather.
“You’ve a theory about what the scandal can be: do you want to tell me? Or do you not want to speculate before having all the data?” Waiting for a response from Sherlock feels like hours.
John stands up from where he’s sitting and turns to him. When Sherlock stops in front of him he lays his arms around him and hugs him. A hug that’s mimic the hug he gave him after the speech at his wedding.
Sherlock nods and takes Rosie from his arms. John goes around the car and into the other side's backseat door.
Planning the day while John is in the bathroom, giving Rosie a banana purée, Sherlock makes a quick query that makes it clear it’s only about a nine-minute walk into the village and only fifteen to the Buckie library.
Slowly Sherlock turns to John, catching his eyes. Nervously he bites on his lower lips. John reaches out his hand and intertwines their fingers. “Tell me!”
“John, are you listening to me?” When he gets no response, Sherlock takes a step back and lays his left hand on John’s shoulder, squeezing it carefully. “John!”
Peter starts off the session saying, “I always ask my clients to call me Peter. If it’s all right with you I can call you by your first name. It’s easier to talk about hard things if we don’t have to talk over the barrier of Mister and Doctor.”
He and J.H were sent to the Dhofar province in Oman to the town Salalah, in January 1966. His first leave home wouldn’t be before one and half years later.”
John’s heart is pumping so hard in his chest that’s he thinks it’s a wonder that Sherlock can’t hear it.
John and Monty talked in subdued voices, not letting the other four really hear what they talked about.
But that night Sherlock had a very bad dream, and he startled everyone awake with his screams. When John hurried to take care of Rosie a sweaty Sherlock passed him on his way into the bathroom. Sherlock didn’t look or speak to John before opening the bathroom door.
“Ah, and that’s when you saw them in a intim situation?” Peter is trying to hide a little smile with a hand over his mouth.
John concentrates on what he's doing, massaging and spreading the cream all over Sherlock’s back. He can’t resist returning to the place where Sherlock's reaction is most obvious.
Greg and Mike wanted Sherlock to come with them on a pub night. Sherlock was afraid that left himself he would do something wrong socially, so could John come with him?
“No problem, we can’t board the train, yet.” He looks down on Rosie in the stroller. “Oh, she’s sleeping?”
That was the last straw that nearly broke John, and the thoughts of suicide started to come daily. Who knows what would have happened if he hadn’t stumbled on Mike Stamford. Meeting Sherlock-
John had become frustrated and after realizing that the man wouldn’t appear that evening, he had changed from drinking beer to whiskey.
His voice was a silky rumble of baritone. Sherlock remembers how shaky he had felt at that moment. Before that first meeting his other psychiatrist, Peter, hadn’t told him much about Darin.
“We meet at a grieving group after his wife committed suicide and my boy was killed in a car accident at the end of 1982”
“You had a long romantic relationship even if you didn’t live together? Isn’t that right understanding of what Hamish wrote?
John’s anger and long walks had lasted for nearly two weeks after that gruelling discussion and Sherlock’s deadpan solution that didn’t involve him.
Slowly he moves his hands down over Sherlock’s back and for the first time his hands touch the scars left from the man’s time away.
“John, I know it’s hard for you. I know!”  His voice is emphatic, he then sighs and tries to collect himself. He says with a low voice.
Please, if you’re a person that can’t read something with grammatical problems or misspellings. Don’t read this!
Somehow Sherlock understands that it is not on for him to stroke the tears away or recognize them in any way. He only keeps on holding John’s hand and stroking it with his thumb, as John had done before.
He had asked for some time to get his feelings under control again and told Sherlock how he now understood Sherlock’s feelings better. He also wanted to remain friends, but at that moment he was too upset.
With a carefree laugh Sherlock takes his hand and pulls him up the stairs and into his bedroom. Still holding John’s hand, he turns on the bedside lamp that gives the room a soft light.
“Sherlock, can I ask for something? Something I want to do in bed tonight?” John is nervous but if he has read Sherlock’s signals right this evening he thinks the man wouldn’t be against making love.
Giles shakes both John’s and Sherlock’s hands before looking at the little girl in the stroller. “And who’s this little beauty?”
Then Sherlock pulls him down, and the only thing John can do is to accept and fall into those open arms.
“Afraid, ashamed and terrified!” Breathing hard, John fights to calm down. After some deep breaths he starts talking again.
“Yes, and I was hurt that you left me without explaining anything or taking me with you. Leaving me in sorrow and grief.”
The only sounds are the train noises and Rosie breathing and sniffling. She’s obviously still keeping herself awake.
It’s hard for John to find the right words and he isn’t sure he can ask the things he wants to ask. Questions about Richard and what they have done this last week burn in his mind and on his tongue. After mulling it over he decides to ask,“What are you afraid to tell me about the fall?”
For just a second he stands in the doorway looking around and thanking whatever universe led them to this moment.
“Forty- eight years old, a year younger than Mr Watson. They had known each other all their lives and were great friends, everyone thought. Mr Watson had been married from a very young age, eighteen, I think, and remarried very soon after his first wife died.”
At today´s boxing training John’s eyes had been heated. Waiting with a beautiful blush when they entered the changing room, even after they’d gone into the boxing hall, and the whole time at the club. Those white Calvin Klein jockstrap pants had been worth every penny!
The next day he’d left the bedroom before *blue eyes* had woken up. Gone for a run with his head full of short snippets of memory of being manhandled down on the bed and getting a blow job.
“What did you get for information to your upcoming investigation and what made the meeting make you feel?
John is throwing out his left arm and stirring in his nightstand drawer. Getting the lube out and opening the tubecap with one hand and pouring into both his and Sherlock’s hands at the same time.
“Mum must have been crushed.” He’s shaking his head in disbelief before he says. “She loved him so much, nearly desperately. Even as a child I understood that it couldn’t be good for her.”
“When should he have told you? When you were hitting him at different restaurants? Or when you didn’t talk to him? At the wedding preparations with Mary in the room or at the wedding? Oh, you mean on your honeymoon? He could have messaged you or Skyped! Would that have been good?”
He takes the place John had stood many years ago, as he glances at the man besides him. John smiles at him and winks.
“If you’re willing to risk your immortal life, then nobody can stop you!” Father gets out with an accusing voice.
“Did someone catch them in compromising situation? Sherlock is eagerly asking, he can’t stand the silence anymore.
“Yes, he’d never married. Not that many women hadn’t tried to get his interest. His family is a well known Buckie family and if this scandal would be discussed openly again it would hurt many people!”
“Yes, I talked with John on the phone only a hour ago. A book that he wants to see has at last come from Edinburgh.”
Can you say the same about yourself? Behaving like you do, with young girls who are nearly children? Will you condemn yourself, Father, or will you wait until your Last Judgement Day?
“If you get a good price for the flats then you could maybe buy a more central apartment? If I have understood you correctly Mary had bought the flat and you inherited it from her?”
A laugh escapes Sherlock. He seems a bit embarrassed but happy that Peter is treating him like the adult he is.
Salmon with sesame seeds and mashed potatoes and mashed tatie for Sherlock. Scottish pie with a green salad for John, and a child’s plate of fish and chips for Rosie.
“Feeling safe and cared for?” A light smile appears on John’s lips and he looks deeply into Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock smiles and nods. “It worked alright yesterday night, do you want to use the bathroom first?”
Puzzled Sherlock asks, “Why should we leave at one o’clock if you have dinner reservations at Angelo’s in the evening?”
John and Sherlock’s relationship is better, but not as good as it was before the Fall. They go on a few cases when John doesn’t work or has to take care of Rosie. Sometimes Rosie and he stay over at Baker Street for a night. John doesn’t know what he should do to make things better between him and Sherlock.
Together they move against each other and Sherlock releases a moan while kissing his partner’s neck. John can’t get enough of the hand working up, down and in circles on his dick. Then feeling those beautiful lips that he’s dreamed about on his neck and shoulders.
Toys had been Sherlock’s choice of sex life for so many years. He couldn’t understand why John believed it was a way of cheating.
Sherlock responds with a bump of his head on John’s shoulder, and says, “You started it, with your hands on my shoulders, a hand on my back when you put down a cup of tea beside me!”
Getting answers from Sherlock about this episode in John’s life could be important for later sessions with John.
John composes himself a bit and says cautiously, "What do you think your father was doing if he didn’t work?" The response is thoughtful and shows that Monty’s given the question a lot of thought.
John is lying on his side now, looking at him sitting on the bedside. He starts talking in a low voice.
“Yeah, not even masturbating in the shower. Mary got very upset if I did that after I moved back after Christmas.
John isn’t paying attention to the other men in the room. His fingers are moving over the last page Father Chaney had written about his conversation with Hamish. He holds up the page and feels at the paper with his fingertips. The page is much thicker than the former others. It’s like the paper is three sheets thicker than the other pages in the book.
I also wanted to write about how a demisexual person can experience sex and sexuality. Remember though that sexuality can feel different for different people, even if they see themselves as demisexual.
A smile that’s so soft appear on Sherlock’s face, his eyes are blown wide with big black pupils so John can’t see which color they have besides the black pupils. Holding John’s eyes and caressing the now shirtless shoulders and arms.
John had thought angrily. He could still feel how scared and furious he had felt over their last discussion about toys.
Sighing, John had turned away from the paperwork he was doing at the living room table, and went to sit down beside his lover.
“If that is your final word, Father Holstii, then Giles and I must investigate on our own. You can probably imagine that Criminal Inspector Watson Merivale and I are used to finding the truth? He is a master interrogator, and as the world’s only consulting detective I have solved many difficult cases, cases thought to be insoluble.
John isn’t exactly surprised because that’s usually how Sherlock does things he considers significant. John knows now that he’s the most significant person in Sherlock’s life.
Tonight Rosie is with Molly and her new boyfriend, Ian. She is finally getting over her infatuation in Sherlock. She and Ian have been dating for four months, and Molly is interested to see how Ian reacts to a child. John has emphasized to her to call if it becomes too much for Ian or Rosie.
Late next morning Sherlock is up and making breakfast, searching out Scott’s old present, the rainbow tray.
Sitting outside the bar eating a not too fancy sandwich and drinking coffee. “At least nature and the sun are stunning!” John sums up the lunch break.
“Good for him. He’s been so lonely for years now after he returned. Sometimes he comes to me with two cups of coffee trying to disguise it as him wanting something from me. He’s a good man, John.”
“You two are perfect for each other, if you would only talk! Do you not see how Sherlock leans into you as often as he can? When you two stand next to each other, he leans into you. Sitting on a sofa? Again, he leans into you! Taking your hand in his, the way he did today reading the letter. I don’t know if this is a new thing between you two, but it’s been there from the moment we met you guys at the library.” “You strongly suggest we go back to Peter for more therapy and really do the work this time?”
“Oh, sorry I misunderstood, we’ve booked a table at the hotel for seven o’clock.” John seems a bit taken aback by Monty’s reaction. “Which hotel is that?” Giles asks.
“Yes, it must have been dramatic when Harry come out as lesbian.” Sherlock makes eye contact with Greg when he says that.
“What are you two talking about? John, your daughter needs you and I’m hungry! Sherlock storms into the kitchen with a worried face on display.
“Hello, John, I've been preparing a celebratory evening to start our anniversary weekend. No Mrs Hudson or Rosie at home to worry about.”
“Monty and I want to know about the scandal that made our great-grandfather leave the church and Buckie in 1925.” John starts the questions.
“John, you have the most desirable body a man can have, strong shoulders, a stalwart body and if I may be a bit crude, a beautiful cock! I’ve dreamt about your body so many times, in so many situations. Please John, let me see your beautiful body.”
Even if Sherlock was still in bed and only felt John’s kiss on his cheek and whispered, “goodbye love, see you later.”
The journey goes well, with two short breaks. The first one because nature calls for John. Sherlock finds very interesting flowers that some bees really like. Rosie is as much fascinated as her godfather, looking at the bees.
The room they enter is a staff room. It has a table with four chairs and an old sofa. A little kitchenette to the right side. Table and chairs in the middle, sofa to the left side.
He glanced over at the boy, dark hair, big eyes and cheekbones to die for. He had started to giggle and the boy had looked so confused that he had to kiss him again, not even thinking about the taxi driver at all.
Waiting for their dinner to arrive, they’re sitting quietly for some time before Sherlock asks a question that’s been on his mind from the moment John took his hand.
On the way home they start reminiscing about other times when they were walking together through the town. Sherlock remembers how they looked at the stars when searching for the Golem.
It’s Friday evening, one day short of John and Sherlock's anniversary of finally getting together as a couple.
“We have done it before without any problems, and it will be easier to take care of Rosie.” What’s he after now? Is he afraid that I’ll take advantage of John? The thoughts run through his mind at lightning speed before he hears Peter’s response.
John registers every bigger scar and wonders what tools the abuser had used to make it. He struggles to keep his breathing slow, and fight back tears.
Nervously, Sherlock takes John's nearest hand in his. “I asked Darin how long we have to wait before we do anything about these feelings of attraction.” With a bit of delay he adds, “and love.” He glances shyly at John.
Yes, they had been lovers for many years at that time. Their love story started when they met at Sandhurst 1965.
“I said it before at therapy, this is important for you.” Determined, he then ended the discussion with, “Therefore it’s important for me, because I love you.”
“The code words are working, sweetheart, as you thought they would. I do feel safe.” He looks Sherlock deeply into his eyes, “I’ve got a secret. One of my secret dreams is that you’re all over my back holding me down.” John can’t meet Sherlock’s eyes, but is determined to get his secret told. Slowly his thumb moves over the cheek and he lets his eyes follow that movement.
“In his diary Hamish wrote that Montgomery one Friday morning cornered him in the kitchen. Montgomery asked him if he couldn’t ask some nice girl out on a date Saturday evening, maybe to a movie and dinner? He pointed out that he was seventeen and had never asked any girl on a date. Then he silently put some money in Hamish’s breast pocket.”
“I think he handled the situation very well. If he hadn’t said anything, and the reporter had hounded him home to Baker Street, what would have then been printed in the paper this morning?”
For a moment the woman seems a bit startled but soon starts talking again about traveling with a toddler as opposed to an older child. Then the discussion goes over to the question of parenthood.
The second year Mike and John and another guy, James Allen, also from the rugby team, rented a run-down four room flat. The owner didn’t have any money to renovate the flat, and leased it out as it was. The lease was only for one year in the beginning, but it ended up being for all the time they studied at Bart’s.
He goes to the doorway into the next room and sees Sherlock and Richard sitting there both drinking a cup of something and waiting for him and Rosie to come.
Peter nods his head and gives him a smile. Seeming a bit settled by that, Sherlock keeps on talking.
“I more or less told him that he can’t stay in the closet if he wants to have a relationship with me. Friendship or a partnership?”
You have the good fortune to claim him in public, we both occupy the same place in his heart - that is to say, we are not in it.
John moves around the room even more aggressively. Stopping in front of the window and looking out. At last he answers Peter’s question.
They’re sitting in silence for some time, than Monty decides to refill the teapot with fresh tea. Neither Monty or John say anything to each other when he leaves for the kitchen, there’s no need for communication.
“Right. That would hurt even your friendship, maybe even make you start using drugs again.” Peter knows how worried Sherlock is about using, again.
That night had been the catalyst for his next session with Peter, just weeks ago. Was it really that short time ago?
Sherlock had stood beside John when he hit hard on the sandbag, and with a low and raspy and wheezing voice explained how angry he was at himself.
After some time of kisses and warm caresses, Sherlock had slowly leaned back and looked into his eyes, telling him with a serious look on his face.
Sherlock hears the telltale changein his lover’s breathing, and sees how John closes his eyes when chasing his release.
“My first and second boyfriends were also bisexual, and both were in the closet. At uni I was also in the closet, but I‘m gay. Both my boyfriends left me to some degree because they were afraid that anyone would understand we were together.”
When Sherlock looks at the list he realizes that Hamish really tried to live up to his Father’s rules. Even if his parents didn’t like him having sex before marriage it was also evidence that he was heterosexual.
“Yes, that was what Hamish said to. He thought he would get a slap on the wrist and a note in his service book but would soon return to duty. Then this letter arrived. Receiving address Jean Watson from Roger Hammer!”
John felt such sorrow and guilt at that moment, but the consuming feeling was anger. His lifelong friend in life, a consuming anger!
“We started flirting in the summer of 1983 but we didn’t do anything, not even a hug or kiss before that day. Nothing!”
“John, I have gotten a room where we can talk.” Greg puts a hand on John’s left arm to lead him there. Slowly Sherlock follows the two men.
“John, sweetheart. I will do my absolute best to not ever leave you again. I can’t predict sickness but otherwise, I promise to wait for you to go first--but only after many years together.” John’s eyes and face are signaling relief, and a little smile appears.
Sherlock’s voice is soft and understanding. John’s stomach makes a somersault of emotions when he hears what he says.
“Yes! Right now! I’m going to ask the bartender if we can borrow a quiet room for a moment. I won’t take no for an answer.” John is glaring at Sherlock with both anger and frustration.
“What has that to do with being demisexual?” The psychiatrist’s voice is very tentative and low, as if speaking to an easily frightened animal.
“That’s not what I’m saying or even thinking. You have been too strong for far too long, carrying the burden of sorrow and loss by yourself. Never openly grieving, always putting on a strong face in public. Surrounding yourself with very few people, making it easier to keep the control and put on a mask, haven’t you?”
The little girl yawns and her eyes close. She falls asleep and doesn’t care what Sherlock and daddy are talking about, only that they’re here and that she’s safe in these strong arms, holding her.
John is already lying on his stomach in the middle of the bed when he returns, having only his pants on. Sherlock shows the lotion and gets an approving nod.
Surprise appears on Monty’s face. “You told me yesterday what happened at Marcus,?? about the letter to your mother.”
“Yeah, I think that would be good. You know how hard it is for me to talk about feelings. If I could understand where this very toxic ideas and feelings against homosexuality and gay people comes from, maybe it would be easier to understand myself? It’s not normal, this hate in my family?”
Greg plucks his lower lip with his fingers, thinking.“No, Sherlock only said hi and started speaking with him just before you came. Who’s he?”
John hadn’t even seen the condition Sherlock had been in when he came back. Could he ask if he’d hurt Sherlock’s back even more that night? He’d hurt him badly, hadn’t he?
He comes and stands between John and Peter. He opens the dressing-gown and lets it fall to his feet on the floor.
Sherlock looks down at the carpet, not wanting to have eye contact when he talks about what’s bothering him.
Again he looks at his watch and sees that it’s time for the last of his preparations for the evening. A bath that will be soothing and romantic.
They had started having a meeting in the evenings to discuss the situation in the sick tents and how safe their position was for the moment. How far were the rebels and what could happen the next twenty-four hours?
“Well, he's right with that quote. And you two are only friends. You haven’t been lovers or sexual partners. So why are you so angry?”
John doesn’t say or explain anymore than that. He can only hope that Sherlock understands how important he has always been from the first time they saw each other.
Then his eyes move over Sherlock’s body down to his penis, and his mind boggles. How did he know in his dream how Sherlock’s penis would look? That long penis, not too thick, with a plump head?
“Of course you can. I would like to know what it was that influenced Hamish so badly in his life. It must have been something terrible.”
Instead of her brother’s lighter hair, Moira was dark-haired. She had three children at home, one petulant teenaged son and two girls who looked around seven years old. Maybe twins?
“Neither have Monty and Giles, they haven’t gotten any answers from St Gregory church. They’ve talked with Father Holstii twice and the only thing he told them was that his great-grandfather suddenly left one day at the end of 1925. Monty said that Giles has a feeling the priest really knows what the reason is, but doesn't want to tell them. What do you think is the reason Hamish left his family and didn’t take them with him to London?”
Sherlock had then said with a thoughtful voice, “You need more sexual relief than I do. If you were always asking me for sex—.” He exhaled and ended with simply telling John his fears for the future. “I might not be able to handle the pressure of being everything for you.”
Darin Wilkinson, his new psychiatrist, was kind but very direct, not taking any bullshit from Sherlock. His first meeting with the man had been a strange and at the same time a thrilling event.
John couldn’t meet Mike’s eyes for a week and they didn’t talk about it. Mike only talked about that night when mentioning meeting a girl.
I love feeling your body move against mine, your beautiful sturdy and strong body, feeling your strong arms holding me safely.
