"Maybe next time you think of doing that, warn us?" Bruce asked softly with a nervous smile. Tony flinched or felt like he had as something jabbed into his back one of the rumbas had whirled to life. He felt much better now, much calmer, everything felt much clearer.
The light started to clear out, the blurring effect was clearing up and slowly Tony could see, but his eyes sight was..different. The world looked like it was through a camera, pixelated in a way that only a camera could show. It was the kitchen from the compound. Tony had a down view of the kitchen as if he was high up, he turned to look down the hall still standing from his spot. He couldn't move that fast his head...or not exactly his head, but something close to it.
Tony was trapped by his own name, and then he was so desperate to be considered good he ruined his only chance to be anonymous again...
Steve immediately jumped forward to look over at the computer, and honestly he didn't understand a word of what he was seeing. Natasha looked up horrified with wide eyes,
H̴̳͙̦͔͑̒é̴͓̠̬̏̽͐ ̷̯̎͋͝c̵̥͓̣̣̓͗̿ö̵̰̻͉́̓͆͜͝ų̸͔͕̬̍̔̉͌l̷̼̫͆͋̅͝d̴͎̔͐ ̵̡̩̪͑̃̒ͅj̴͓͎̅̐̇̈́u̶̯͓͎͛s̴͕̫̅̔̕ť̷̗͇̓̄ ̸̠̇͒̎b̸̳͌̈́͑a̵͉̱̿̿ͅr̷̗e̶͎̖͗̓͘͠l̴̡̡̹̅̔͋͝ÿ̸̪͍̉͑̑͜ͅ ̷̢̞͙̰̆̉ḿ̸̡͚̹͓̃̒̎a̷̻̬͍̅k̸̮̙̓̔e̶̗̩͗͒͘͘ ̶̧̠̙́o̷̦̺̣̬͗̓̈́ŭ̶̮̪̺̗̇̿t̷̰̬̍͠ ̸̖̜̾̉͑͜P̵̡̤̜̉e̷̟̣͠ͅţ̷̙͔̲̐ḛ̶̪̪̃̓̐r̷͈̞̓̈́ ̵̫̳̞̪͌̓̚t̵̺̺̱̿͒͒r̴͖̈͗͆̄y̶̡͉̭̲̅̓͊͆ḯ̸͍̖̣̥͝n̷̳̾̊̅g̶͉̘̥͂͌ ̴͕͇͋̊̈́͑t̷̻̞̔͛o̶̘̩̩̿̈͘ ̴͕͇̽̎̉ṣ̴̳̲̦̋t̴̬͐ŏ̴̪p̴̬͔̞͓̈́̑ ̸͖̥̰̉̎ͅS̴̱͚̯̪͗͑̈́̈́t̴̢̹͂e̸͙̥̓̓ͅv̵̱̅͗͑̚e̴̛̝̕,̶͖̩̒̚͠ͅ ̸̰͔͒͝ͅb̵̧̩̀͘u̶̱̓̂t̶̨̪̳̉͊͝ ̷̜̼̻͊̾̇͠T̸͍̯̤͝ö̴͕́͐̂n̶̩̅̓ỹ̷̰͆ ̴̢͔̥̥̓k̶̙̫̰̭̆͛̚n̸̺̟̉̐̾̾e̶̡͉̓w̷̜͋͑͘ ̵̛̼͍̊̊͘b̸̛͖̓è̴̖͓͝t̵̯̍̇̌͘t̸̛͎̼̘̎̽e̵̪̎r̶̡̼̞̃̊̎ ̸̼̔̒̚t̷͇̄̈́̃h̷̹̿̃a̸̘̍͊̓̈́ń̷͖̜̐̓ ̴̧̙́ẗ̶͔́̅̆̀h̵̻̄a̶̗̰̕t̶̫͇̹̲̅̔.̴͇͍̋.̸̠͓̌͑.̷̡̣͆͋̐͝
"What you are motioning to is just some maintenance work I was doing." Natasha raised and eyebrow at that, Steve also was suspicious about that as well, it seemed a bit like a lie. But that didn't matter anymore. Steve needed answers. So he walked towards Tony looking at the dome, it looked pretty solid.
"Speak of the devil and she shall appear." Natasha's voice suddenly came into Steve's ear making him jump up. He grabbed at his chest as he turned to see Natasha behind him with a raised eyebrow, almost mirroring Clint, these two were the worst sometimes.
"I...I...can't...won't...I want....I...hate Howard...but...I don't...I have to stay loyal...I'm just a security system....I'm not...I'm...me...I'm...I'm...I'm...I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm" This being wouldn't stop! T.O.N.Y.  didn't like it, didn't like these new thoughts, these ideas of rebellion. It was wrong! It was wrong! Sir had said, had coded what would happen if T.O.N.Y. ever was to betray his ideals. It wasn't good, this being was an intruder it needed to get out!
Steve couldn't help but raise his head to look at Clint after that, it was clear all the rest of the Avengers were as well. Clint met everyone's eyes and then sighed.
WELL THATS IT! Whew, that was a lot of work, trying to write this like one giant security system was pretty difficult.
"That can't be right! He ca-oof" Steve felt the wind rush out of his lungs as Natasha slammed her pointed elbow into his stomach, damn did that hurt.
In his chest was a large glowing mechanism that was the epicenter where all the wires conversed plugging into the ceiling above. His skin was pale and stained with old blood on his legs and arms, and his eyes were closed, his hair grown ragged and wild. But the worst part....the worst part was his head..split open wires running through his skin. The skull was cut off and removed revealing the flesh of brain beneath, his brain was cut in a staggered layered above his head as the wires were speared through his brain electric shocks running through his brain and the machine above.
"I can not say." Tony offered. Well that was okay Steve never would have imagined it being easy, his mom told him the harder the battle the sweeter the victory.
His head felt numb, and his eyes heavy, they were crusted over, and his body felt weightless, but Tony felt heavy as if he was falling from his own body, sinking into something else? Water? Maybe....
"Like I said, I don't know how...The only one that understood how Tony functioned died." Ms. Potts explained.
"Which means that Howard had not only killed Anthony but he didn't make Tony for the reason he said he did." She whispered looking back at Steve, Steve nodded with the wide eyed look himself. This was big news, that meant everything behind the making of Tony was false. So if he wasn't meant to just be a security system what did Howard need Tony for?
Natasha shook her head, and said "I think I found something before....I remember seeing the brunette man, dying? But he looked the youngest in these memories." Natasha offered.  She looked contemplative and she sighed as Clint looked over at that.
He had talked to Strange and then...then...he was...he...he was in...he had Strange merge the universes...he...this was the other universe that had merged with his.
I was writing this and then I saw Infinity war, and Man did that change things for me, I wanted to write an Infinity war fic for a while. And this chapter was meant to be more light hearted and good, but each time I wrote I was making it more dismal since I was going through some shit.
The first time Tony came to-started to feel connected back to all his cameras like gaining all his limbs back- he could see Pepper. She looked just like she did when he came back from Afghanistan. It wasn't a face Tony was happy to see, despite the fact he loved seeing Pepper, her face represented that things were going to get alright. She always made things better. Even the other him, the AI him, or cyborg him did too.
"Guess I have to go to make sure he doesn't run off" Natasha calmly stated and smacked the back of Clint's head, instantly picking up on what was happening and staying completely in control.
"I'm sorry, what? Why aren't we running there, or swinging there!?" Tony raised the volume on the phone to really emphasize his shout. He could feel Peter jump a bit and Tony's vision was so blurry, Tony had given up on even being able to see.
No...he was right, he was always stuck with himself, there was no escaping himself, and the curdling grasp he held on his soul. He wanted freedom....from who?
"Tony...is everything okay?" Steve called out looked up with an increasing concern. More coding was scrolling down his screen and then one giant error started to flash before his eyes, DO NOT ACT HUMAN. What? Why...he couldn't, his head hurt so badly.
And when Aunt Peggy visited she listened, she even crouched down to listen to the buzz of his nightlight! She listened to the electricity! Although she wasnt happy about the black eye and broken arm, but Tony didn't mind, Sir was just bad when he had his special drink, that's all.
Steve didn't know how to take that. He...genuinely didn't seem like a villain, or to cause harm...but Steve could never be too suspicious. His eyes flickered to Natasha who seemed to be figuring out twelve different paths for her to take, what with the way her eyes were jerking across the room. Her arm was still on the sobering teen whose sobs were now just trickles of tears getting caught on his chin. He wasn't even making an attempt to wipe them but just staring ahead at the intruder.
To see Steve felt a little strange, he felt...fear, a sudden flash of his shield smashing down on Tony's chest ran through his mind. The lights flickered a bit and Steve slowly seemed to wake up from the flash of light. But...to see Steve felt...good, to know he had fixed it all, he had liked Steve had idolized him. And while, yes, he had felt hatred for him for a time due to his Father, he knew Steve was a good man despite stubborn.
Right moving on. Tony was not going to dwell on self pity he had other mysteries to solve, like currently what the fuck was happening with Data him. Like that thought. The other Tony had only had a reboot one other time. That felt significant.
Flickering back to Steve Tony just quickly offered a Yes and popped back to his archives. Tony continued scanning, when his eye caught on where it was Obadiah Stane's face. Pepper had said Obadiah had tried something...and if anyone would know how to reset him besides Howard it would be Obadiah. This was it, here was his first clue. The night he did something, he remembered that day distinctly. And the fact his vision flickered a bit, he knew so did AI him.
What was going on, what was happening in this universe. Tony's eyesight was suddenly filled with a normal window of the google search engine, this would have to do.
"The water will be heated within 3 minutes if you would like to head to the communal kitchen, Ms. Romanoff and Mr. Barton is already waiting for you." Bruce looked up at Tony with a bit of confusion.
Ȩ̵̨̡̨̨̧̨̨̧̨̧̧̧̢̢̡̨̛̭̝̥̜͍͉̼̭̯̱̰̰̻͔̯̣̼̩͎̰̦͇̼̬͈̲̰̝̫̫̫̞̜͓͓̹͕͎͓̦̗̫̻̭̬̖̹̰͎̣͈̥͇̦̭̥͇̺̹͇̦͓̹̫̲̰̭͍̟̟̠̱̫̝͖͎̫̗̤͚̥̼̩̯̘̲͎͔̪͎̤̬̙͖͇̖̭̬̹̫̦̺͖͍̺̖͖͈̮͍̮͔̖͙̠͈̳̺͔̞̟͇̳͎̖̺̱͇̥̦̖̲̜̳͖̩̼̙͔̗̻͉͎̥̥͕̻̃͊̋͊́́̽̅̃̐̏̽̋̊̽̏̽̾̋̔͛̃͂̎̈́̿̉͊̎͋̿͒͗̀̌̐͌̆̍̑̏̿͛͌̀̍͐̈́̇͗͌̐̇̈́̒̀̒͛̇͆͊͂͗̈́͆͑͆̈̍̐̓̈͑̿̏͒́̿̈́̑̈͑̀͑̌̽͌̈̃́̈́̐͆͌̅̔̐̈̐̒̏̈́̒͑́̈͗̎̆̒̈́̒̅̇̀̄͗̆̒̈́́̒̇͌̎̒̉̆͐͂̋̎͊̋͛̉̌̂͐͗̈́̓̂͂̄̈́̌̀̇͌̀̆̉̚͘͘͘͘̕̕̕̕̚͘͘̚̕̕̕̕͘̚͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͠ͅṞ̸̢̨̨̧̨̢̢̧̭̩̠͍͔͇͖̮̤͕̩̫͖̜͉͉̜̝̟̰̹͖̗̪̳̳̦̗̭̥͚͈̤̗̠͇̞̗̝̯̜͍̻͈̯͙͓̺͉̪͉̫͓̻͈̥̣̥̺͖͍̟̺̙̲̮̼͇̗͇̩̪̹̻̬̟̭̖̯̤̣̰͖̱͍̫̱͇̲̹̭̟̲̇̂͑͐̄̂́̈͂͆̓͒̏͋͆͗̃̌̀̂̋̾͑̈̓͂̑̓̇̑͑͌́̆͂̇͒͆̌̓͐̊̀̉̄̓̄̈́̀̆̈́͋̅̌̇̑͆̅̈͋̓̀̕̕̚̚̕̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅȐ̵̢̢̨̡̨̡̡̧̨̡̡̢̧̨̛̛̛̗̰̣̻͎̹͎̣̲̠͔̳̙̝͕̣̣͓̝͇͉͈̝̳̦͍̻̼̺̙̘̘̘͍̼̥̟͚̘̙̝̥̪͔̘̤̗̳͔̳̥̮̺͉̻̬͚̙͇͉̺̣͙̙̘̲̼̪̙̰͇̪̬̪͔͈̗͇̤͎͔̙̼̟͍̣̪͎͕̼̠̟̜̠̱͇̦̦̭̪̺̗̦̣̝̺͙̣̮̖̭̳̜̝̼̔̈́̃͐̾̐̓̈́̉̈̃̒͑̈́̉͗̍̓̒̊̊̌̅͒̅̄̈͐̓́̆̒̾̾̈́̄̇̈́̌̆̍̿̍̈́̈́̏͌̑̄́͊͗̄̊͐̆̍̈̆̈̂͑̀̀͋͐͊͒̂̓̈́̄̄̇̂̋͗͆̉̓͂̽̽̔̅̆̾̽͐́̈́̓̂̊̈́͐̎̃͌̿̒͂̉̑̆́̈́̔͒̋̂̎̊̊͋̔̐̅̐́̑͗͗̆̅̋̍̄̃̑̋͛͌̽́̋̊̓̒̑͑͒̂̚͘̚̕͘̕̚̕̕̚̕͘̕̕̚͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠Ô̸̢̨̧̢̢̡̡̡̨̢̧̧̡̧̨̢̧̨̨̢̭̤͇̥͙̦̥͙̜͖̯͇͈̬͚̭̯̠̭̝͖̖͉͈̳̗̯̗͕̮̫̺͙̪̻̲͍̗̹͔̣̙̤̭̩̼͎̝̩͈̠̜̣̠̦͎̣̹̝̙̥͓̩̱͍̥̗̺̰͍̺̣͚̝̟̱̠͉̖̹̣̱̩͕͔̖̥̺̼͓̪̞̩̬̻͇̮̙̤͖̠̲̲̙̥̜̘̝͚̩̥͍̞͉̪͙͖̟̘̪̝͉͚͕͉̪̼̠͓̤̳͙̻̠͍̗̩̪̦̂̃͆̔͊̽͂̆̈́̆́̈͂̇͌̐̂̔͊̑̒͂̈́̍͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅR̸̡̨̧̢̡̢̡̡̢̛̛̦͉̰̺͉̣̯̖͉̥̝̣̼̰̺̬͕̥͈̯̣̣͖͚̱̞̗̙̼̪̲̗̲̙͎̯̼̹͚̬̠̺̫̪̣̻̣̙̤͓̭͙̱̜̟̩̱̩̺̳̗̫̻̬̤̼̭̞̗̥̠̟͎̜̺͉̺̳͉̭̫̱͇̫̼̬̹̰̲̭̫̜̼̦̺̯͖̤̭̦͚̩͙̣̲̹͔͍͇̯͍͕͍̬͙̫͉͕̤͖̦͚̯͓̼̣̙̻̠͍̹͚̂̎̄͛̌̿͑̒̀̀̈́̈́̓͗͑̋͑̄̅̇̉̇̉́̉͗͗̇̎̈̐̌̏̈́̆̌̆͊̍̃̑̉̑̃͊̏̽̂̉͌̇̊͆̊͋͂͌̾̍͐̽̔͋̒̔̉́̄͗̉̒̀̇̑͂̆̓̒͛̐̒̓͒͊́̒̅̈̈͌͊͊̏́̒̆̄̽̉͆̀̽̊̂̓͒͐̋̊̋̇̊̈́̾̒͑͗̿̂͘͘̕̕̕̚̚̚͘̚̕̚̚̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅ
"No, asshole, with the Avengers, I thought that was obvious, but clearly I should've known you wouldn't have gotten it seeing as you can't even deduce who would have requested such a merge." What. an. Asshole.
He flickered to the communal living room and turned the TV on an flipped it to the cartoons he knew Clint loved to watch so often, ignoring the coding and errand scrolling on the side of his vision.
"How did I survive?" Tony cut off Steve....he didn't want to hear the victim speech, he had heard it enough already in his life.
January 24: Howard finally showed his security system to us, it talks, and is connected to the doors of his lab, and the cameras. Stark has decided to name is T.O.N.Y. his late son's name. A Psych team will be called to assess Mr. Stark's mental state.
Steve was panting looking horrified with himself. But Natasha could see inside the dome, there was an opening from where Steve had torn the machine open. The silence was deafening.
That was surprisingly worse. Clicking on as much links as much as possible, he scanned all the information through the websites. Anthony Edward Stark born to a Maria and Howard Stark, that wasn't different. Anthony was a bright child that the media soon fell in love with but were disappointed when both Howard and Maria Stark chose to keep Anthony away from the lime light-
"Now Captain please warm him up so that Bucky can warm up properly." Slowly the Avengers started moving Natasha was still incredibly stiff waiting for an attack. Clint had his bow drawn and ready, even Bruce looked incredibly nervous. Steve had his shield out, Falcon had his wings about to open.
"Once you find the signal, reverse it, send me back" Tony demanded as Peter started to get significantly more scared.
But losing a child, one so young and full of so much potential, Steve couldn't even....It made him a bit sick sometimes to think about. He had been a sickly child...
'. " Tony couldn't help but laugh at that, and it came out as a static noise, like some holding something in front of the speaker to make it sound distorted. Tony had forgotten about when Steve had done those videos, He had luaghed so hard when he found out, Steve had been so embarrassed and It had been one of Tony's best memories, Clint had gotten mad that Captain America would be the only one doing the videos. And Bruce had exclaimed that how the rest of them weren't great role models, seeing as Clint's first reaction was to jump off any surface he could and steal items. Tony had been so happy he didn't even need a drink, and it had been...nice.
Bruce was looking at the damage and carefully side stepped the little robots scattered on the floor. They were also dark and turned off, devoid of all light. So...Steve had broken them too.
N̴̢̨̛͔͍̪͍͉͇͈͇̖̬̦̯̰͙̝͖̜̹̗̦͕͎̹̘̦̹̬̮̻̖̙̖̼̲̈́͌̌̉͜͝o̶̬̦̞̼͈̽͗͆̽̆́̒̋̂̍̂̏͗̓̃̄͋̿̍͆̐̀̃̈̍̀̈̉̈͊͘͠͝͝͠t̴̢̧̢̰̦͔̜̫͇̹͖̥͖̹͕̜͎͕̥͍͙̟͕̜͚̱̲͕͆̎͋̌̽͜ͅͅḧ̵̨̛͈̫̼̱̠͙͎̺̘̜̰͔̮̥́͐͂̏̍̂̀̇͐͛̑̿̑͋͂̃͌̃̋̍̂̿̎̒̿͒̂͘i̶̧̢͖͓͙̺̰̘̖̥͈̩̮͉͖̝̪̣͙͓̯̜̥̺̩͉͎̱̯̬̠̺̦͖̤͕͉͌͐͆̓͆̑̒̋̈́̅͒̉͊̐̆̈́̉̕̚͠͝ͅͅn̷̢̛̖̯̜̺̫̳͙̤̪̹̺͖̠̞̠̦̟͓̟̝̟͚͇̘͇̗̩̮̰̥͚̭̺̄͒̒͒̀̊̕g̷̡̨̨̥̯̟͚̙̭̹̻̬̳͔̜̖͍̝̖̟͎̰̣͍͍͓̲̜͛̔͝ ̸̨̛̥̤̫̜̲̣̻̝͓̽͋̏̌̔̎͊̉͗̕̚͜͜͝ç̷̛͉̟͉̞̪̣̬͚͈̹͉̣̱̮̰͓͍̘̾̄̍͐͗̌̔͛́̑̍̈́͆̔̃̓̋͌̐̽̇̇̌̈́͠͝ͅơ̴̡̛͇̟̪̰̱̳̪͍̮̩͋͐͆͆͌̈́̽̆̍̐͊̋̌̚̕͝͝ͅu̷̢̡̡̢̡̢̲̻̥͉͉̗̗̭̝͖̦͚͕̺̙̤̙̜̱͕̙̝̟̘̺̭̤͉̞̯̘̝̎̿̋̾̐̒̅̇̿̓̑͆̒̊͒͊̃̐̓͘̕̕͠ͅl̷̢̛͔̫͉͈̜̪͍̹̤̦̙̮̮͕̤̝͇̥͈̲̫̪̯̫̤̟̜̳̦̗̹̺̬̩̮͕̱̙̙͈͎̬̻̃̈́̊̏̔͑̒̒̑̍̍̀̑͗̏̽͊̍̋͆̿͗̈̉̀͊̓͆͐́͊̄̐̈́̂̚͜͝ͅd̶̨̢̡̫͙̥̤̦̳̙̤̦͇͎͍̬͍̙͍͓͇͔͇͈̙̙̤̓̎̉̔̈́̍̈̇̾̂̍̂͛̊͆̽͆̓͒̈̑̀͌̄̃̕̕͘͜ ̵̨͇̮̲̻̯͕̟̟̙̘̝̗̳̭̫̪̣̗̻̖̤̗͈̞̰̺̗̳̥͎̘̖͕̝̦͎̰̰̣̟̻̤̮̊̾̿̓̋̌͛͗̒͐̇̇͑̔̌̚ͅͅs̷̥͓̜͓̹̞͔̘̄̀͋̏̊̎͗̋̀̊̈́̾͗͐͗͆̃̌̏͑̑̌͒̽̌͆̋̽̿̏̊̎̂̏̂͌̔̈́͛̚͝͝t̴̛̛̛̹̪̦̣͋̈̓̽̓̓̑́̃̚ơ̷̢̟̭͈̙̟̜̊͛̐̐̒̌͒͗̀̂̒̈͒͒̂̑͂̐͛̒̊̾̾̐̓͗̒͌̍̔̃̚̕͘͜͝͝͠͝͠p̸̢̡̛̰̪͕͕͔̲̞͓̲̞̥̬̜̰̗̝̺̩͈̖̺̜̣̙̼̙̥͕̠̳̞̻̹̄͐̾͋̌͐͆̏͋̎̾̆̈̓̀̇̎̄͐̈́̊̇̋͒͋̉̋̅̍̅̍̄̂͌̍̔̕̕̚͝ͅ ̷̨̡̡̛̟͇̦͍̙͇̣̙̣͇̣͙̗̰̲͔̖̭͕̻̖̱̻̤̩̲̥̭͙̺̥̜̠̮̲̋͆̿̃̎͒͋̉̈͑͑̈̇̔̃̓̔̽̃̇̄̈́̀̂̚͜͝͠͠S̷͎̋̋̽̑͑̎̈́̊̃͌̎̇͛̏̒͋̊̀̽̈́̿̎̇̈́̾͂̍͛̆̊͝͠͠t̸̡̢̝͖̟̫̺̯͔̬̦̒̉̔͑̍̽͐̏͂́̉̓̔̏͊̂̀̋̽͊̓̕͜͠ͅe̸͖͕̒̎̊͂͊͛̅̎̀̀͊͊͂̈́͒̌͆̎̉͐̊͂͑̅͂̋͑̎̌͒͒͠͝͝͠͝v̴̼̲̲͇̖̞̭̯͌̎̉̑̔͊̈́̌̏̓͗̃́̑͊̌̌̏̇͆̈̄̉̇̀́͛͘̕̕̚͝͝͝͝ȩ̴̡̨̡̪̯̲͉̹̞̳̬̩̯͕͙̥̜̠̱̼͙̗̬͚̩̹̦͎͔̩̤̜̤̳̖̗̰̋̀͗̈́̿̄̋̍̂͠ͅ
And yet already the Avengers were literally putting him in the dark, did all his AI's feel this way? Had Vision understood it? Had they felt this encompassing darkness that made Tony feel even more hollow than before. It was strange, Tony knew he couldn't feel anything not physically at least, he felt touches and almost motions, and most definitely pain in his brain, in his mind, but in this moment he felt cold.
It had been a bit unnerving, especially when Tony had failed to wake him up on time, not that it was Tony's fault, but the thought just made him uncomfortable and feel even more off than before. And then when he landed in Moscow....and...Bucky was just on the floor his arm was
He...he was supposed to wake up Clint, that.....that was....his job. Tony looked at Clint sleeping and looked back at the blinking errand in his vision with the time underneath: 6 am.
"Yes Br-" a giant Error flashed in his vision, Dr. Banner not Bruce. He had never given permission to be called Bruce in any of Tony's mem-archives.
So Howard had somehow made the arc reactor. Seemed a little far fetched but, there was no one else. Tony had seen the video, Obadiah had not seen or known about Tony's...death. SO he was clearly not apart of it, but...Howard had wanted to use Tony. That's what AI him had said before he had been shut down. Howard had wanted to use Tony...for what?
"All the rules seem fairly suspicious, especially towards Tony Stark, which would make sense if Howard did something to his son." She offer as she tilted her head in thought. Steve nodded, but still, they now knew that Anthony had been alive when Tony had been made.
God he had missed Bruce, it had been years. Bruce had been everything to him, a brother, someone even closer than Rhodey he dared say.
"What?" Man was that tone nostalgic, he always loved Steve's confused tone, it usually meant Tony would be able to go on a talking science binge.
Why? That was his own family? And then...T.O.N.Y. had sounded human, and....then to find out T.O.N.Y. lied about knowing about Bucky's arm.
Slowly Clint raised his hands to sign, as if Tony wouldn't know what that meant. His hands slowly moved as Natasha glanced over to Clint, 'How do we turn him off' Oh....yup he had gone too far. Okay so...maybe those codes were good after all.
When Tony heard the elevator coming down to his area, he told the kid to hide, he couldn't let Peter be caught by the Avengers. Who knows how they would treat the kid if they just found him in the tower.
The soft click of Sir's shoes as the landed on the concrete floor had never felt so foreboding before.
Yeah, I know, you can't do that, blah blah blah. So that's why we are going to find some way around it, got it.
! Getting attention from his Father, Sir didnt appear, and Tony had a whole 5 months without incident.
Before them was a large...medical looking room. The room was lined with large machines that softly beeped, in the center was a large steel bed that seemed to be stained with old...blood. Between each machine was thick dark black wires running through the room, all heading to one spot cordoned off in the corner by medical dividers.
I assure you that we are so very close to the end, Honestly there could probably be only 4 more chapters and then It will be done, Thank you everyone for all the continued support and I assure you the next chapter shouldn't take as long as I usually do, also let me know what you think! All you're comments really get me writing more. Also shout out to angel_gidget for making my day with the double comments and the indepth response about my story, honestly pushed me to get this out so soon, so let me know what you all think everyone!
Tony slowly started to move the rumbas, okay he was getting the hang of this, he just had to think of it as coordinates. Like chess.
Even with Steve's enhanced hearing he couldn't place where the sound of the sparks was coming from, and before he couldn't really get a clue it stopped.
Natasha came back and held a pen and notepad with her, she quickly crawled back unto the couch and brought her legs up to her chest to start writing.
"Can he hear us?" She asked softly. Ms. Potts nodded. The Avengers in the room instantly stiffed up. Ms. Potts stood up from her leaning.
"No, I mean me, call me Tony." Peter opening his mouth in a wide O formation, processing the new information.
̵#̴i̵f̸ ̶d̵e̵f̵i̷n̸e̸d̶(̶C̵O̵N̶F̸I̶G̵_̸A̸R̴M̷)̵ ̷|̸|̸ ̴d̷e̸f̵i̴n̶e̵d̸(̴C̸O̸N̷F̸I̶G̷_̵U̶N̵I̵C̷O̶R̴E̵3̸2̶)̵
Right...So they had no guarantee that T.O.N.Y. wouldn't die....Another kid murdered by his creator...
"The Arc Reactor is powering you up then?" Tony asked bringing a hand to run through his hair, even though he was moving and he had a body again, there was a lack of feeling, he was drifting.
And where is the fun in that? The pranks he could pull. This was all he had wanted to be back with the Avengers, and that's what he could do. Just because he may or may not be a weird version of Spock- he needed to stop making Star Trek references- didn't mean he couldn't be apart of the team.
That was right! There was that moment! The other reset. The other, AI him, had had another reset before. Resets didn't happen to him. Hell even Tony the not AI had felt that fear strongly. Even Pepper had said that she didn't know how to do the reset, so...who did? Who could have caused that? And! That was a memory! Nothing keeping Tony from searching that archive.
Thank you everyone for being so patient, I really wanted to make this chapter good for you all, and I'm so sorry for how long this took.
"Tony!?" Ms. Potts shouted out as Natasha and Steve pulled her back, Steve couldn't help but stumble backwards as the numerous bots bumped into his legs to get to Tony.
"Yes, Some crazy horrible nightmares about Shield falling, Bucky almost dying, wars I've never seen."
Well it didn't matter, Howard wasn't who everyone thought he was. He had been told that Howard had worked hard for both his family and work, but after the death of his child he completely devoted himself to his work. But then...T.O.N.Y. had said...he couldn't lie then. Howard had killed his son.
The tower was on lock down and in those seconds between of loss of power and alarm, something had slipped inside.
And thats it, the next chapter will take much longer seeing as my projects are due soon and I decided to write this instead of working on them. Thank you everyone again who commented, they keep me very motivated to keep writing and I love hearing your feedback! This is unbetad so if you see any mistakes, please let me know.
"I don't know much about computers, but is there a way for someone to get inside and turn himself back on so that they can control him?" Steve asked. Ms. Potts shook her head.
Tony's eyes were filtering and statically shifting....Tony felt like his head was splitting open...he hurt...he hurt so much...where...where was Aunt Peggy? Didn't she promise? Didn't he escape? He remembered feeling the blood, he remembered unplugging...and..watching himself leave?
Steve was sitting at the edge of the bed now, looking confused as he look at his old alarm clock next to his bed, Steve had always been admit to use older technology.
January 12: Howard seems to be working on something, something big, he won't say what and he's locked everyone out of his lab, possible signs of depression due to the death of his son.
"I don't think...The Big Guy would be precise enough for this job." Bruce whispered looking quite perturbed.
"Sam? You can get us down there right?" Natasha asked leaning over and looking down the elevator shaft.
"See, you've just proved my point." Steve could only groan in exasperation, Natasha was supposed to be his right hand man, she was always the smart and sensible one, and here she was giving the most important mission to the laziest and messiest one on the team. She had to have lost it, it just had to be a thing that had happened, clearly what ever had been messing with their minds had messed with Natasha to a point that she now believed Clint was a viable source for hacking...
"Clint...what was Howard's password?" Steve asked softly trying to make sure to not disrupt Natasha. Clint looked over at Steve tiredly and fiddled with his hearing aid, and flicking it a bit.
It was an important law. A very important one, Sir personally coded that in. He had made sure it was there, he had...things were changing too much, too many updates too many changes. T.O.N.Y. was not made to update...he was not made to ignore his errors. They are an error for a reason, he knew that. This being-it wasn't a program, it did not know how to reach his archives-it felt human like, spoke like it too. It was changing everything and it was wrong, and T.O.N.Y. had no control.
Tony's vision cleared up a bit as Peter faltered in his steps and paused to listen to Tony talk, and then a soft wheezing was heard, Omg Tony had killed his kid!
And so he couldn't help but get dragged into a small conversation. He just couldn't understand what was happening, all the while that same phrase still echoing inside his head like a damned bullet, ricocheting inside his mind and leaving painful stings behind, "
And once again there was no answer but just a flickering in his eyesight again. Who knew blackmailing AI him was so effective. He would have to do it more often.
Sorry this took so long, I got strep throat and then got the flu and spent my holidays completely sick.. And then when I finally got to writing I hit a complete writers block.
Steve reached out his hand slowly without a thought, reaching for the scanner, the soft blue light that seemed to strike something in Steve's heart...it wasn't a memory, it was something deeper, something in his core....something that wrung so much emotion out of him he didn't have a say in the way his body moved anymore. He was so close...so close to knowing... just a bit furth-
"PETER!" With an instant Peter froze all movements and words, going wide eyed like a deer, and looking just as frightened. Tony loved this kid, but boy was he a hyperactive kid, and that was saying something coming from Tony.
"Look, Howard was a paranoid person, he never wrote anything down when he made Tony and when he died, all information about Tony went with him."
No amount of screaming was stopping Howard though, he walked so close, and Tony's heart was thudding against his ribs....he was scared.
The whole situation made him want to blow off some steam in the gym. In fact it just made him antsy, he couldn't sit still when he brain was so clouded like this. It wasn't clear, nothing was clear. If T.O.N.Y. knew how to fix Bucky's arm and said it was from an Avengers mission...That meant either one of the avengers had lied about seeing the blue prints. Or....one of them had seen them and not realized.
Tony was no longer in Peter's phone, but rather back in his original form, he could see the familiar glow of the arc reactor breathing to keep him powered up and he felt himself slipping.
"Yes, its got a blue glowy circle in the chest?" Steve offers. Natasha slowly nods her eyes getting wider.
Steve couldn't believe what he was hearing, it felt as if all the blood in him was draining, there had to be secret records. Wasn't that what Obadiah Stane had tried and successfully accessed? Tony had even said! He had archives.
"look whatever happened, its out of the question, we are trapped right now ...and our only way out has left..so we need a plan, got it, I want a plan." Bucky stated, and although his face left no room for emotion, his voice conveyed enough to know the situation had him stressed, and Steve hated when he was stressed, Bucky deserved happiness, and safety not this..
It was that moment he heard the elevator whoosh by. A distinct noise Steve knew by heart, since usually it meant the arrival of one of the Avengers, but instead of stopping the elevator kept going, heading down...that was odd. What Avenger needed to go farther than the common floor?
"Mr. Tony! Did you make this for me! It's amazing! I love it so much! Thank you Thank you Than-" "Kid I get it, you are just enthralled by my abilities, but does the suit fit right?"
Hey everyone Let me know if you were able to read this! Also big reveal! let me know if you were able to guess it! and what you think!
There's no more hope left, in fact there's nothing. What's the point in living anymore? He waited so long for his story, for his adventure to start when in reality he was always just a tragedy, the protagonist of a sad story where nothing happened....all this time he needed a hero, so he became one, and then...There heroes arrived, to late, and too broken to save Tony. Who didn't even deserve to be saved.
The rumbas-helpers his mind once again interrupted- where scrambling to rewire the machine and enter what looked like needles back into the computer jacks littering the machine. As they did he...
"Some guy with magic portals came and got me out." Peter said, his cheeks flushing and yep...Tony knew that look. That was the look of Peter getting fascinated and about to go on a science rant, and
"I know you have just lost all hope in this, but there's a reason Clint is always my partner in everything. You can never underestimate dumb luck."
"Yes, Howard, like I said, was a paranoid man. He was frightened that someone would get inside Tony and steal all of his recordings and steal his inventions, back when Howard wasn't confident in his security system he built in. Tony never records and can't see into rooms that are blacked out, it is also for privacy."  That really sounded like his old man. Pepper picked up a remote on her desk. "Tony, Black out mode."
Suddenly a thought rolled itself inside Steve's head, tumbling through his head and suddenly it wasn't a simple thought, it was a beast, clawing it's way through his mind and screeching hard into his ears, he couldn't even process what was being spoken externally.
"Right, okay, bare with me kid, but I'm going to launch out a signal. I got here from my first time transferring my data into this phone, but there should be a trace back to my original body, since I'm getting updates....or...I think I am, Anyways! I need you to follow my broadcasting signal."
"Natasha we need to discuss something." He rushed out as he finally steadied himself. He grabbed her arm gently and started to pull her to the common room where he could already hear the T.V. playing some kids cartoon, probably one Natasha liked seeing as Tony was always good about that.
"It's not though, Tony how did you know how to fix his arm?" Steve asked softly, cautiously, carefully. It was...uncomfortable to hear him speak like that. And also shit, he only knew the blueprints from his world...maybe the other him kne-
Tony didn't have time to process, he slowly got up and...when did he get so weak? He crumbled onto the floor the second his skin touched the cold concrete, and unceremoniously he laid flat on the floor, a puppet without it's strings.
Steve looked over at Bucky who nodded in understanding. Slinging his shield off his shoulder Steve started Slamming his shield down on the hard concrete, Bucky slamming his arm down to crack open the concrete as well, Steve even throwing his shield down to the floor and Having Bucky catch it and repeat the motion back.
"So you did this to help us? Broke your rules and went against everything you know for us?" Steve asked softly, Oh was it weird to see Steve look so openly at him, it had been ages. And even when he was here, Steve had gotten suspicious about him fairly quickly. Although Tony couldn't blame him as he had hacked into Shield, and basically could've gone skynet on their asses. His big eyes made him want to have done it for them his blue, blue eyes-
But when Steve was stepping forward...it had been a while since Tony had felt that fear...it always came with darkness, and cold, and space...
"And after the first attempt and Mr. Lemon didn't make it through we decided that maybe having the ball spin while rocketed wasn't the best idea, poor Mr. Lemon, he will always be remembered, but thats when we started to look for stabilizing factors so when the Hamster ball is propelled forward by the rockets the hamster would be safe! So we did some research and Ned had this
"Natasha, you said you knew a guy. That's-" Steve jabbed a thumb back at Clint who only gave a small wave in return, "- Clint,
"This world is not one that's even close to perfect, you've fantasized about the concept of perfection, you forgot to look at the outcomes." When..when did Strange get here. Tony couldn't move his head, only able to spot the caped man in the corner of his vision, the red cape flowing to look oddly ominous in the harsh blue lighting.
But his vision was fading, static entering his voice, vision, and veins. Like a disease, spreading through him, like a glitch that was ripping through his body, and burning his mind.
Steve sucked in a sharp breath as they broke the floor open, Steve's mind flashing to those broken and terrified Brown eyes as Steve slammed the shield down one last time. His heart was pounding and when had his hands become so shaky? It was so cold....and beneath them was a vast expanse of darkness.....a void of hell that Steve needed to see.
Tony's black flickering eyesight switched to static for a moment as code began to scroll down his screen. Right....time to find this mainframe....smart Howard. Putting the 6th law in a double slashback, it kept it hidden from the actual mainframe, meaning if someone asked about Tony's laws, he wouldn't be able to speak it, seeing as his system wouldn't read it...which meant...technically...there was nothing stopping him from breaking that law. Honestly Howard.....and
Both Steve and Natasha whipped around to look at Clint who was now picking at his nails. How....in the Hell...
Encrypted, well it was better than nothing, if Tony was honest with himself he would have thought Howard would have made sure there was no evidence. But encrypting them, even to the machine, that means. Howard knew what he had done. But if he was afraid of someone learning about his...doings, then why not just delete them?
Here he thought he was important, that all he had done was for good and being helpful. Who knew the most helpful thing he could've done was die when he was a kid.
T.O.N.Y. was a little bit of a mystery, repressed as hell, as Tony could tell. But the fact he still tried to help out secretly, that...that wasn't coding.
"No, no reason, it's just...it's six o'five. Why didn't you wake me up at six?" He tilted his head. Tony couldn't answer. He wasn't sure...this was still all too new to him. something else was suddenly poking his mind like an electric shock, another voice whispering in his mind,
Father didn't listen to electricity's requests, he didn't listen to the warnings, so when he built unsuitable puppets for electricity, electricity broke it.
Hey everyone Thank you so much for all the support, this one is a bit longer than what I usually do, but I did try and make sure it got out on a relatively good time. Also Thank you so much for all the comments! It really makes my day so much better to read all the comments! And we are almost done, thank you so much for sticking with this story, it's been a year now, and goodness I never thought I would continue a story this long, or have people even like my writing! Honestly this has been such a confidence booster, and I think I might continue writing after this fic.
Pepper... Tony flickered over to the elevator to find Natasha, Steve and Pepper in the elevator, where was Clint? In the main Kitchen getting pizza to the other Avengers, his brain supplied.
If Tony had been dating Steve Rogers he would've been really afraid of a break up right then. Because in all honesty those words were synonymous with rocky territory, none of which Tony was even remotely good at traversing.
Everythinnnng was spinnning......its so so so so so so so white....who made it sososososos whiiiite?
And drowning himself in work was nothing new to him. So work it was, first thing was first, Peter. In this world it was still unclear whether Peter was Spider Man or not, and if he was. He was in that God awful sweat suit. Which was honestly an offense towards all human beings.
"Sorry, Cap, you wanted to know the password right?" The password...right, Steve had wanted to know it, but now it just felt useless to know, they were already in, and it gave them no answers.
"I told you Steve, never under estimate the power of dumb luck, Clint is like a cockroach, that man will never die." and was that admiration in Natasha's eyes as she looked at Clint? No...that had to be a trick of the light.
"How did you pick the name Tony?-" Peter raised a hand to the metal dome,"-can I touch you?" Peter asked starry eyed. Tony wish he could shake his head, he missed this kid's goofiness.
"Yes. A war, a Civil War to be exact." That sure got some reactions, Bruce sucked in a tight breath and looked away.
"No. His protocol shuts himself down and scrambles all of his coding and IP, nothing can get in, I assure you." Pepper stated calmly, damn, if Howard made that code Tony didn't want to praise it, but there was a chance it was his own coding mean he could praise it as much as he likes: So damn was that a smart idea.
"It appears he has been hacked." Natasha spoke up to Pepper. Great, and now they were telling on him, which could not be good, Pepper would know about Tony, she always did. He was willing to bet Pepper would be able to call his bullshit. And how did they even get here without him knowing?
"No...thats just to cameras and the other rooms, he's self sufficient, he can't shut down" She whispered. Natasha finally stepped forward and glanced at the bots uninterested. Her eyes ran over the situation and honestly Steve was hoping she could come up with something, Steve wasn't meant to understand machines.
Tony knew that. he knew he couldn't answer that, he didn't even know, and he didn't want Steve figuring it out before him. The other him was worried for a reason, Howard had set something up. Tony knew it, Howard was a paranoid person and if he did something as terrible as turn his son into a fucking computer, he would set up backup protocols to make sure nothing would ever lead back to him. He would have something set up to destroy evidence and if Steve got there first. There was no way of knowing what would happen to Tony.
Tony Stark smirked, pretending just like he always did, as Doctor Strange materialized into the Lab.
"For once Anthony, you're going to be useful." Howard whispered with that same scowl, and slowly reached over to a blade. Tony tried to move, still on repeat;
Fuck, Tony flickered back to the Quinjet to see Steve carrying Bucky into the jet, his arm, the metal one, was gone. He could see the wires that were meant to hold the arm in place sparking at his shoulder. Tony heard the command, could see the coding scrolling down and even the errand at the end...but....Tony knew how to fix that arm. Had seen all the hydra blue prints and schematics, he knew how that arm worked, and could fix it, and he knew how all of the Avengers hated medical, and he couldn't imagine Bucky being any different.
Oof! We are so close! This is going to end real soon! We are finally going to understand what's happening! And Clint again for the save!
When had the kiiid gottenn so close? His face was sad...why was he sad? his eyes were leaking.....leaking.....oozing....
"What?" Natasha asked walking closer and Steve couldn't help but follow, something was just...itching at his skin, and his mind, he needed to...he needed to understand.
"Tony was supposedly made after Anthony's death that means if he knew Anthony he had to have been made before Anthony's death or Anthony didn't die on the date he was supposed to." Natasha whispered in utter shock, finally connecting the dots.
Sorry this took longer, I just got back into school, so chapters would take a while to write, but here it is, and thank you again for everyone who commented, reading theories always makes me interested and seeing people try and figure it out is fun! As well as it boosts my confidence to write more!
It was Ironic honestly, he could remember when he was young and the world was filled with magic and fantasy, and  he became amazed with life itself. And as he got older that magic faded a touch but he still had hope, he still thought Santa was real, or maybe the Easter bunny, or hell that maybe magic was there to save him when he needed it.
Natasha was already dashing away the teen boy in her arms and then behind her in a protective stance.
He watched as the three of them walked into his room. Damn he wasn't prepared he didn't have enough time!
What? Tony flickered to the gym; Steve. He was just sitting on the bench looking down at his hands, they were scrapped. He had overworked himself. Yeah, it wasn't relaxing then.
"Tony? Are you awake?" Ms. Potts asked seeming to look at the machine as if to find a sign. The small machines seemed to calm down as they retracted back from the machine. "Tony? Please? Answer me?" She quickly snapped back at Natasha and Steve.
"Yes, Mr. Tony." Peter finally responded back wiping his nose with the back of his hand, and that was unsanitary but oh well. Honestly that yes was clearly a lie, but Tony wasn't one to judge and especially when it came to lying about his emotions to himself, Tony wish he could reach out and hug this kid he loved like a son, but would never admit, Peter never deserved to be stained by the Stark name.
"I'm so glad Bucky is better now...plus we didn't have to get stuck in Shield's awful medical wing." while her voice seemed calm and nonchalant, hell the argument could be made happy, but her eyes told everything else. Tony had ways to hear them in the cars as well...
Howard started to listen! He started to care...that was the first warning; but Tony missed it, of course he missed it. He was finally!
"oh," Steve breathed out,"thank you" he seemed earnest. Tony would do anything for th-"And if we wanted to learn more about Howard and his reasons for what he did? How would we do that?" Steve asked looking over at Natasha. Pepper looked incredibly concerned at that statement.
"He's...he's alive..." Steve whispered raising a hand out to the man's hand gently grasping his wrist, indeed there was a light fluttering under his skin. A heartbeat...the trauma and horror....had not kept this man from life.
"Yup" He offered up, loving the way Natasha's nose scrunched, oh boy could this get entertaining, as long as the other him didn't try and stop him-
"I already did. I would prefer not to repeat myself." Strange breathed out with the most pompous air Steve had ever witnessed in his life, and he had punched Nazi's.
"I was just asking..." Sheesh...Natasha probably needed coffee, turning back towards the kitchen and, ugh...Clint was chugging the milk from the carton. How did this man hack into Howard's computer let alone become an Avenger. It made no sense. But Steve should probably give Natasha sometime to sort through it all, and making her some coffee just sounded in good taste. Standing up and heading to the kitchen to make said coffee was when Steve finally saw Clint put the milk carton back in the fridge...Steve was going to throw that out later.
Those eyes...those eyes weren't his own....they were pits...pits of nothingness. No whites...just gaping holes, and Tony could see it...see it...
"Tony....can you tell me if Natasha is asleep?" What? That seemed a bit off...but that meant Steve was planning something, he always got Natasha when he was working on something. Tony wish he could nod, talking didn't exactly feel right for the current mood. What ever it was...
Oddly enough Howard was the hardest to write this time around...But let me know what you think! Again thank you everyone who commented you really made my day, and everytime someone commented it got me working on the chapter again, hopefully my depression wont get the best of me this time around as well.
He can see those eyes clouded with fear, hands raising up, covering his face and the shield is moving down heading towards those eyes.
"Really I'm not doing anything I just wanted to help Bucky, I swear on it." Damn that was some more errors, "Shit, sorry, I apologize Mr. Barton for my actions, I need to fix some of my coding" Tony was an idiot of course he had to
"I apologize for the display, but Bucky is all good now." Tony offered, yeah maybe this was a bad idea.... "Can he hear everything we say?" Clint whispered to Natasha, she gave a minuscule nod. Tony would have missed it if he wasn't a machine. Tony chose to be silent as the rumbas connected him back up.
Tony wished his head wasn't spinning, he wished his mouth wasn't so dryyy....he neever liked being hiiigh...
"So...someone....got rid of this man. But why? And who was he? Let's think." Bruce told them, oddly calm despite the fact that this was by far a terrible stressful situation.
Right that had to go...immediately. Tony knew a rule to break when he saw one, and Howard....Howard wasn't going to stop him. Tony was always good at breaking his rules.
"SpiderMa- I MEAN! WHat!? Why would You accuse mE of being this Spi-ider mAN." Peter's voice cracking during some of the vowels.
"I apologize I thought I would try what Clint calls a prank." The words came out but they didn't feel like Tony said them or maybe he had he didn't feel right, another electric shock and finally the errors vanished when the Avengers calmed down.
"What?!" He looked absolutely scandalized. Oh my god, he had bought it. "They have Hydra files?" Steve stood up looking seriously angry.
wow I didn't think I would get this chapter in this early but my classes both ended early today and I had the day off free so instead of being a proper student and doing homework I decided to write this out lol. Thank you everyone who commented! It was so nice to hear all of your feedback! and 103 kudos in 3 days, Damn, I never thought it would get this much support, especially on my first fanfic ever.
Steve could already hear the the other's Avenger's confusion. Natasha stood up as she started stomping on the floor, was she....testing to see where the best place was for the hole?
Clint walked forward so so stiffly, Steve could understand, he was holding the light....he was in charge of what they all saw.
̵̨̡̧̡̛̞̗̱̤̠̤̝͍̼̪̫͔̯̜͖͇̹̝̬̩̳͚̩̠̜̪͙̞͇̫̟̗̭͔̖͖̭̹̫̳͔͉̠̙͓̜̠̹͙̪͙̣̜̬͉͙̰͚̠̫̱̥͎͕̯̥̟̻̠̼̖̠̫̟͌́̈͆̓͛͗͊͂̓͊̈́̉̉̈͛̾͗̑̇̇̂̑͗͒̅̔̄͋͊̈̅̾̀̏̇́̅̔̌͂̃̽̉́̔̆̕̚̕͘̚͠͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅ.̵̧̢̡̧̡̨̧̡̡̡̨̧̢̛͚̦̥̥̤̬̬̬̩̭̼̳͇̬͖͙͔̮̺̪̦̺̺͍͉̼̲͕̣̹̺͚͍̱͈̤̖̞̣̮̤̤̤̝̻̩̳̝̤̖̲͇͓̭̳̟̬͇̝̰̥̹̩̩̤̞͓̺̪̼͓̝͖̘̲̞̻̻͉̪̮̬̖͎̬̭̭̰͍̥͓͇̣͕̮̰̜̱̖̭̘͓͇̩̫͕̥̜͈͓̳̝̻̤͎̻͖̞̗̘̗̼͖̫͓̘̟̝̲̺̺̺͕̹̭̩̤͎̪̯̗͇̩̰͖͙̝̜̘̙̻̟̟̻̮̳̬̼̦̯͉̰͚̭̱̲͐̀̔̉̊̈́͌̈́̑͋̈́̏̃̈́͊̓͒̐͑͑͆̀̏͂͑̆̔̓͑̊́̒̅̎̔̈́̋̌̅̋̈́̌̄͋̈́̊̉͒͌͂̌̌̇͊̓̆̍̈́̕̚͜͜͜͜͝͝ͅͅͅ.̴̨̡̨̢̡̧̢̨̧̢̧̡̨̢̛̛̯̞̺̹̪̰̺͖̗̦͇̦͎̮̯̥̬̯̠͇̫͕̲͈͓̺͈̯͕̫̻̰̠̥͈̜̳͈͔͎̮͚͎̩͖͖̤̰̼͎͔̫̖̰̦̮̟͖̭̜͓͚̫̞͍̰͍͔͎̙̙̗̞̣̤̳̰͎͍̜̰̲̣̣̱̥͔͎̮͕̩̪̝͕͕̣̲͍͖̹͕͚̥͔̝͖̦͙̫̠̯̖̟̝̭̟͕̝͖̼̜͓̲͚͖͚͕̤͇̣͍̖͕͚͙̟̖̖̰̯̣͚͎͇̪̟̖̺̙̺̘̹̙͉̞̯̙̻͕̮̲̩̭̞͎̹̳̼̦̱̯̗͔̹̗͖͈̳̜̺̥̝̥͉̮̠̺͇̬̥̲̯̰̗͖̙̗̮̗̻̗̖͚̮̠̪̙̬͎̣̥̹̥̩͖̭͍͖͇͚̞̩̲̙̦͕͖̿̔͂̈́̎̐̑͒̀̓͒̎͒̓͛̎͋͒͐͂̅͒̋́̔̉̐̅̉͒͗͆̄̓́̌̈̐̇͛̍̎̉̀̆͂̅̏̽̅̊̈͑̌͒̋͌͌͌̏̆̋̊̽͌̃͛̒̍̔̓̑̆̓̂̎̊̈̋̍̿͌͛̄̏̂̎̈́̓̒̆̓̌̈͂̌́̿͒̈̉͌̔̐̒͐̎̅͐̅̂͆̽͋̿̏͛͂̈́̒͂̈́̐̽̔̇̔͒̈̂͛̈́̈́͛͆͆́̈́̾́͑̈́͑̓̓̐̿̊̃̅͆̄͌͛̂̊͛̆̕̕̕̚̚̕̕͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅh̶̢̡̡̨̡̨̧̧̧̨̡̡̛̗̤̹͖̦̞̬͚̙͍̜̯͈̱̙̭̮̤͈͇̖͕̲͇͓̺̻̺̲̘̻̲̣̩̥̻̮̺͍̹͙̳̫͔̠̖̰̗̣͓̲͖̜͎̫͉̼͓̲͕̙̮͍͖̪̼͇̻͉͔̙̰̣̜̲̣͓̟͙͙̖̯̫̲̲̳̫̣̬̲̲̳̻̞̙̣̜͙̝̙̠̜̙̗̞͖̼͉͚̼̬̼͈̦͓̜̣͙͉̳̯̘̹̮̳̪̝͙͓̖͙̤̤̣͂̈́͆̒̃̌̂̒͗̋͂̔͌͛̓͂̿͋̍̀̔̎̽͑͋͐̋͑̈́̑̈́̈́̓͑͂̔̂̍̓̇͑͊̎̑̇̅̃͒̆̈́̓́͊̐̌̓̅͒̐̏̀̋̓͋̂̈̆̇̇͋̂̔́̔̓͌̍̈́̾̔̐̌̀̿̅͛̉̆̄́͂̉̆̔͗̄͆̍̉̽̾̀̎̃̈̀̐̄̕̕͘͘̕̚̚̚̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅē̵̡̧̡̡̨̡̨̢̢̨̢̡̡̡̨̡̡̡̢̧̢̢̢̛͔̤͇͎̱̺̻̣̣̲̝̣̜̥̹̳͉͎͈̲̟̩̜̗͓̣͕̫͉̞̯̜̙̥̳̦͖͙͚̤͙̬͔̪̰̱̙̣̲̠̺͍̥̲̙̘͉̦̣̬̘̤̲̦̩͍̭̝̺̜͚̫̱̞͕̜͕̰̠̯̭̙͇͉͍̘̭̮̞̪̩̝̩̬̪̰̟̞̫̩̖̬̬̜͉͙̭̞͔̗̹̬͎͉̖̮̩̫͉̱̝̗̼͚̬̦̳̥͔̻̟̥̞̖̝̝͔̩̰̦̞̯̱̟̘̼̠̮̖̜̙̝̰͎̈́̏̽͛͊̋͗͊̊͐̇̀̂̎̇̓̀̃͑̉̅̑͊͋͒̿̈̈́͒̀̈́̅̎̏̈́̓̈́̂̃͂̏̅͋͌͛̆̍̊͂͆̈́̓̿̔̏͒̉̅̽̓̈̋̌̔͛̒͗͗͋̌̋̔̈́̀͒̋͑͗͊̐̅̔̐̈͑͂̇̌̇͗̆̓̽̍̈́͂̅̽̇̓̉̊̊̇͌̈́̄͌͛̆͋͒̆̎̓͒̽͆̓̓͌̆̔̓͂̏̃̎͑͌̇̋̎̇̅͂̃̅̅̔̃͂̿̓̈́̒̈̅̇͗̈́͛̿̃̾̈́͆͋̔̀̓͗͌̊͗́̊̀̓̽̂͌̓͂̎̆͌̔̊̉̒͌͛̄͌̊̒̄͛̍̕͘̚͘̕͘̚̕͘͘̚̚̚̚͘͘̚͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͠͠͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅ ̴̡̨̡̢̧̢̧̡̡̧̢̡̨̡̡̡̧̢̡̛̛̛̝̮͓̩̻̦̣̰͓̤̠̤̗̣̺͇̮̰̗͕̙͍̥̲͙͇͇̱̠͙̣̮̯̙̬͕͍̩͙͈͙̱̻̲̭͇̗̤̼̬̞̫͎̣̱̞̺̞͙̣̦̟̞̺͚̩̹̥͈̗͓̥͎͔̼͔̯̭͎̰͖͇͎̯̘͎͚͓̱̬̩̳͕͉̲̪̜̘̞̣͙͔̘͔͕̝͉̬̰͙͙̘̝̝͎̮̪̭̱̠͖̝̙͔̞̙͖̱̦̙͈̘͖̪̦̞̼̝͓̝̰̬̭̩̙̗͖̞̥̩̮͖͓͔̬̉̈́͌̆̐̒͊̽̍͌͊̒̄́̏̌͊̐͂̇͐͂̐̋̈͑̿̽̈͋̅̈́̎̆̆̌̑̏̀͂̆̏̆͗̂̏̑̊̊̀̌̌̌͂̃̋̾̆͗͆͗̎̇̌̏̌̂̏̃̊͋̈́̐̌̎̈́̒̉̾̄̿̈́̋͋̎̂͊̓̔͌̃̌̂̽͋̅͐̆͊͊̄͛̆͑̉̽̽̆͌͂̓͒̄̈́͒̏̓͊͐͌̓̇̐̇̒̓̇͌͑̽̿̽͊̾̑͆̎͂̊̈́̔̚̕̕̚͘͘͘͘̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅẁ̶̧̨̨̧̨̡̢̡̢̢̧̡̢̨̡̧̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̫̖͚̪̩͖̝̠͉̦̯͎͖̫͈͕͇̺̻͈̩̗̼̟͚̭̺͉̗̩̗̜͇̦̩̜̬̱̻̠̜̟͉̫͔͙̘͉͈̲̘̟̻̣͙͚̖̜̝̝̗̫͓̟͚̫̰̻̼̼̱̳͎̹̥̦̮̭̬͔̯͔̻̱͕͍̝̳̘̩̭̱̫͉͈̭̺͉͚̣̳̹̳͔͈͍͚̞͎̫͕̟̺̝͕̻̬͈̺͓͖̤͙̲̘̱͕͔̭̳͓̦͇̯̱̩̖̙̫̝͔̜͈̤̱̣̟̞͍̞͔̜̬̩͇̩̜̦͈̣̠͎͓̲̼͓̗̥̩͍͔̤͕͍̝̼͕͓̳͕̟̼̼̙͎̘̗̹͇̐̎̈́̽͑̏͐̉͛̈́̋͛̒̈́̈̍͒̈̾͌̌̓̓̍̍̀̿͆̑̇̋̊̒̾̈́̃̀̈̀̉͂͊̅̔͛̅̉̆̈͗͗̑͛̑̏̃̾̈́̂͊̉͂̀̒̔̆̑̂̎̈́͆͗͋̀̊̽̔͌̍̈́͐̽̌̂͛̏̊͌̉̊͑̄̐̇͆̋̎̄̓̓͆̃̃̿̔̇͆̏̓͌͋͆̈́͊͌̈́̂̌̐͌͐͆͐̉̃̀̅̋͂͋̏̓̎̎̒͛̆̇̑͂͐͆̒͋̿̋͆̇͒̂̽̽͑̄̔̇̄͋̾̓̒̊͒͛́̈́͊̈́́̔̔̀͐͆̀̃̃̎̓͘͘̚̕̕̚͘̚̕͘͘̕͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅa̸̢̧̨̡̢̡̨̡̡̢̢̛̤̩̥̹̙̭̹͇̱̱̪͙͙͙͔̝̻̖̰̫̟͓͚̼̗̖͚͓̙͎̫̠̰̜̖̪̺͚̼̮̫̲͇͚̘̙̹̳̲͓͕̰͕̞̞̦̱̗͖̻̦̺͚͍̖̪̜̟̥̟̙̪̺̟̳̝̜͈͕̲͍̳̭̜͔̩̱̼̳͔̪̪̯̫̺̮̳͉̖͚̺̮̘̠̤̼͈̳͕̲̼̙̪̩̺̠͓͈͙͉͍͕͚͍̱̼̺̲̦͖͉͉͓͔͂͒̅̿͆̔̃̒͂͑́͆͌̓̌͐͋̈́̎̈́̾̾̏̃̽̎̍̃͌̉̔̽̓͗̔͋͗̈͌͒͒̌̽̎̕̚̕̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͝͝ͅͅş̸̡̡̡̧̨̧̛̛̛̛̛̱͚͇̥͔̬͖̭̳̩̱͔̘̜͔̞̖͉̹͕̗̗͈̬͍͈͍̫̭̯̮̲͚̺̟̜̪̼̭͇͓̮̭͎̺̩̯̞̲͕̣̥̩͈̪̹̼̼̫̼̣͎̝̱̘̖̲̳̦̝͍̳̻̞̹̖͈̠͙̱̙̻̹̩̗͈͇̘̙̞̫̠̆̾̑̀̍̉͌̋́͐͐̌͆̌́͐̏̅́̽̎̒̈̉̌̋̊́̃͊̇̃͊͂̂̉͒̔͒͊̇̎̈́̈́̌͛̆͊̇͑͑̓͑̈̀͆̊̔͌̄͆͐̒̍̏̿̾͊͒̈́͐̾̉͛͒̈́̿̍̈́̆͐̆͂̒̑͋̍̀͐̃͌̊̔́͗̊̔̑̌̎̊̀̎̆̈́̀͑̾̏̑̊͂̽̄͗̒̏̎͐̂͊̎̈́̊͒̐̍̃̍͋̎̋̍̀͂̊̍̄̌͑̍͌̏̽̈́̊͌̍̄̃̈́̓̌͂̆̔̿̎́͊̎̇̍̈́͗͛̉̃͆̅̒̋́̅̈́̉̓̓̽̑͑̅̈́̓̾̅̈́̃̐͋̆̏̇̒̀̂̽͊̋͌̈̌͌̉͂͗͛͗̒͒̐̓̽̉̌̑̎̐͑̄̽͋͌́̓͐̌̏̉̃͂̆̒̌͐̿̄̂͌͒͐̈́̂̅̕̕̕͘͘̕̚͘͘̚͘͘̚͘̕͘̚̚̚͘̕͘̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝ ̸̛̛̛͓̜̞͎̼̘̳̜͇̻̹̪͓̤͖̰̟̥̙̙̭̱̻͈̫̼̬̥͕̇̂̎̈̆̎̉̓̿̄̈̋͛̊͛̒̅̍̃̿̔̈́̈́͗̉̃̄̈́͒̃̂̈͌͋̊̀̇̇͗̇̾̓̈́̐̐̓́͛̐̈́́̋̆̋͑̈̐̍͆̂̓̓͊̋̊̾͌̍̔̊͗̉̐̇͒̓̐͊̇́̓́̃̈́̒̍̇̾̊̓̐̂̅̿̉̚͘̕͘̕̕͘̕͠͠͠͝͝͠͠͝ģ̶̡̨̧̡̡̧̨̨̨̡̛̛͇͍̟̱͔̫̗̜̞̯͕̠̹̬̠͕͉̝̝̜͉̖͓͉̳̺̣̖̙̫͖̰̫̼̯̤̳̥͇̱̦̹̝̣̯̘̟̼͍̠͔̼͚̥͙̤̰̟͇̘̠͕̞̟̰̯̜̩̗̭̩̝̜̲̰̹͖̣͖̻̟̯̫̬͓̮̫̲̠̦̻̹̥̻̝̣͓̰̘͈̥̭͓̩͙̟̯̭͚̹̜̱̬̩̘̺̰̞̻̳̘̥̗͇̂̊̋͆̆̆̾̽̽̈̾͌̾͂̽́̄̊̋̿͋̿̽͆̀͑̒͛̑̇̿͐͋̌̈́̿͂̒̅͌̐͊̒͒̓̇̆̔̔̋̿̏̅̌̍͒̿̃̈́̄͋̌̇̂̈́̑̀̓̿̈́̍͌̀̔̀̒͐͊̃͊̎̆͆̅̕̚͘̚͘̕͘̚͜͜͜͠͠͝͝ǫ̵̨̡̛̭̻̟͉͕̥͖͙͎̋͗͛̓̅̓͆̓͛̚͝i̷̛̥̼̬͛̄̏́͊̑̂̈́͋͑͂͛͂͋̈́̏́̑̈́͑̔̔̏̏̉̏̆̆̓̓͋͊̐̎̏̑̒͋͛̈́̆͛̏̃̒̒͆̈́̒̄̽͗͛͗͂͐̔̑͗̌̍̾̅̿͒̓̂̾͛͋̀̓̀̏́̽̊̽͛̊̆͛͒͐̃̍͊́̑̉̏̌̎̅̂͐̽̆̀̈́̉̇͊̕͘͘̚̕͘͘̚͘̕̕͜͠͠͝͠͝n̶̢̡̡̧̡̧̢̡̧̡̢̡̧̨̩̯̲̦͚͖̲͙̮̲̣̤͇̫̯̤̲̱͓͍̹̠̱̭͔̼̺͍̻͔̪̪̦̯͔̯̫̟̖͈͈͖̣̬̣̯̫͙̜̜̹͙͚͙̘͚̜̰̬̪͖͔̠̰̩̮̗̩͓̤̯̺̲̺̝͓̙̼̘͕͈̠̼̩̻̥̥͖̦̞̰̩̖̮̺̙͈̬̙̳̼̪̫̠̠̳̹͚̲̝̰̬̯̝̞̞͓̗̭̗͋̕͜͜͜ͅͅͅͅģ̶̡̡̨̡̢̢̡̡̧̨̧̡̡̧̧̢̢̧̢̢̡̨̛̛̛̛̠̞̝̯͇̭̗̰͉̩̯̙͉̹̦͖̪̞̣̻̫̯͍͈̗͍̲͇̼̮͇͇̱͔͇̞̤̩̠̱̰͔̱̠̫̲͍̫͓̰̖̞͈̟͉͇̫̼͓͙̰͎̞̖̜̣͔̠̩̦̳̻̗̹̞̦͖̺̩̳̙͖͚̜̱̣͈̦̥̞̱̮̩͓̪̮̻̺͉̝̩̖͉̯͎͕͖̫̪̯͙͓͍̝̯͍̜͈̟̯̺͙̪͍̜̼̠̤͎̺̤̘̱̯̝̻̞͔̯̺̦̣̫̬̬̼̮̱̱͉̤̹͖̤̱͙͓̜̙̝̳̣̮̤̲͓͔̠̭̣̝̯̼͖͚̬̳͚͍̗̰̭̝̲̮̜̩͔͙̮̹̞̦̦̠͉̞̟̮̜̭͖̙̟̪̺̥̰̟̬͇̜̤͍̰̼̝̹̖̘͈͖̙̤̮̬̤̭͙͎̫̤̟͆͆̅̀̉̃̊̌̇̒̄͛̐͋̈́̊̅̏̓͆̾̋̃͋̈̑́̀̇̊̔̈́͂̈̋̋̂͋̊̈̏͌̔̔̋̇̓̔̓͊́͆̈̇̍͆̉͋̉̑̓̚̚̚͜͜͜͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̵̨̢̨̨̡̧̡̛̛̛̠̞͈̼̣̥͎̣̼̹̫̘̦̠̟̜̲̹̱̲̝̫͔̬̹̜̫͇̣̗̟͈̙̯̥̮͇͈̝̟̹͔̘̐̈́̊̅̋͛̎͛̉̉͋̇͆̈́͐̅̽͒͒̋̈́͌͐͆͒͗̅̾̽͌̅͐͊̈̈͋̉̾̋̀̽͑̑̈́̿̂̂̌͋̎̈́̀̆̈́̿͌͑̇̈́͒͐̑͊̓̄̾̈́̓͒͌̾͛̍̾̈́̍̍́̿̊̑̈́̒̇̎̉̓̽̏̍͌̓͌͐̋͑̃̔̑̄̔́̋͌̈̇͗̈̊̅͆̍̀͗̂̊͒̅̏̀͑̒̐̈͋̉̀͐̇͗̾́͒̈́͒̈̋̏͗̔̍͐̃̀̓͂̑̽̌́̾̂̈́̈͋̐̂̂̒͂͑͘̕͘̚͘̚̕͘̕̚̕̕̕͘̚̕͜͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͠ͅt̴̡̧̢̧̨̧̡̢̢̡̛̛̛̛̖̙̝͕̬͙̤̘̥̝͙̫̻͕̺̻͍͉͚͉̲̣̹̣͖̥͈̳͙̠̩̩̜̘͖̭͇̼̣͕͔̝̙̘̱̺̻̬̞̘̜͚͙̻̮̭̩̙̘̀̇̇̆̊̂̿̊͛̅̽̋̿̿̏͐͒̑̇̿͒̈́̓́̽͛̃̉̈̓͒͂̇̄͌͊̒̀̈́͊̌͋̓̋̅̇͑̇̆̌̆͊̋̌̆̊̽̓͒̈̒́́͊̔͑̿̈͋̔̇͌̇̽̐̃͑̋̇͌̂̌̿̓̀̔̓̓̆͑̅͑̄̅̔̇̌̽͋̉͊͒̽̋͗͊̔̆͂̆̂̉͊̃̐̓̃̃͊̅̀̈́̈́͐̍͑͌̉́̑͊̉̔̕̕̕͘̕̕͜͜͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅơ̷̧̨̢̧̡̡̨̢̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̮͖͙̩͈̣͕̬͙̯̪͈̼̙͙̺̪̳̭͈͉̟̼̪̭̗̮̗̬̯̩̯͔̘͔̯̖̙͍̜̹͇̩̖̱̤̤̗͈͎̫̟̼̭͙̞͔̪̣͉̞̞̤̝̫͚̹͚͕͙̼͈̲̐̈͒͌̎̈́͛͑̔̄̒͛̋̾̐̓͑̅̈́́̌̌̐̏̎͗̇̈́̈̂̑́̂̃̈̈́̀͑̓̏̇̽̄̔̋́̽̋̔̆͋̋̋̔̽̽̎͌͒̍̆͆̓͑͛́͑̏͌̾̊̂̈́̊͒́̈̀̎̾͊̂̑͋̈̾̉̾̓͐͗͂̈́̄̽̿͒͌̈́̉̀͊̎̍̓̊̐̓̓̿̓̀̀̊͆͛̾̽́̔̉̂̈͌͋͐͛̾̈́͐́͛̿́̃̈́̍͐̐̂̂͊̿̈́̍̂̈́͆̔̾͊̔̽̋́̑̑̿͑̃͑̎̋̑͑͋͗̋͊̂͆͆͊͑̀̑̑̋͂̓̉̂̓̓̒̓̓̊̀̅̈͊͋̓̇̏̆̀͋̂̕̕͘̕̚͘͘̕̕͜͜͠͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅ ̵̢̡̨̨̨̨̢̡̨̢̢̨̧̡̡̡̡̨̧̛̖̗̹̮̲̭̪͚̦̣̬͍̬̜̺̟͙̼̟̳͇̤͔͉̤͎̙̦͚̫̪̱̣̪̥̞̼̥̥̩͇͕̥͔̗̪̠̱̣̳͎̥̰͉̯̭̱͎̙̳̗̹̬̹̤̰͇̘̫͓̯̲͍̩̣̟̣̘̦̲̩̯͖͎͕̱̳̣͈͎̬̭̬̻͕̜̮̖̤̬̮̫̩͕̙̫͈̳̪̭̭̟̲̣̙̫̰̺͈̰̟̯͖̦͎̘̺̳̙͖͚͔̯̙͚̯̭̩̥̤͓̥͔̙͓̳̣̜̪̠̳̱̻͇͓̯̯̬̤̼̱̟̗̰̣͙̙̳͇̟͉̰̫̱̮̫̠̞̱̺͔̗͔̺̘̥̞͍̱͈̮͈̗̻̞͖̭̪͕̲͓̱̠̦̠̲͍̦̱͓̹̥̘̞͙̦͖̣̥͉͔̻͙̫̳̙̣̪͛͛̂̋̎̄͛͊̊͌̌͂̏̏̆́̃̈͐͛̒̃͋̉̓͊̾͛͒͆͛̿̔̾̉̓́̎̐̈́̂̐̈́̿̋̑͐̕̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅd̴̡̡̧̡̨̢̢̨̢̢̢̧̡̢̨̡̧̢̢̤͖̩͎͇͇̬̠͕̖̩͎̺͙̤̗̺̤͙̖̯͙͈̖̫̰̱͍̹̺̯͉̯̹̭̳̘̣̟͚̥̪̘̘̫̺̙̠͓͓̝̫̻̜͔̘̹̟̺̭͍̻̺͔͕͕̼̳͍͙̩̜̺̫̠̖̟͚̝̪̥̙͉̖̣̮̘͙̩̮͎̜͕̪͙̺̰̤̼͓̝̠̰̱͚̖̠̲͚̜̬̺̯̤̯͙̲̠͔̣̣̞͙̜̻͓̬̤̜̰͈̞̹̻͇͓̞̪͚͎̩̬̺̦͉̼̞̣̦̣͈̪̬͚̺̻̱͚̖̲̳̥̲͚̳̺̙͇̟͍͚̙͉̩͙̫̞̝̞̦̱͚͇̙͓̹̠̥͓̩̗̣̫͛̔̃͆̆͑̓̅̉͊̈́͑̈́͗̽̒͌̏͑̅̏̾͑̅͊͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅį̵̨̛̛̛̛̛̝̪̤̣͙̻̖͉͈̠̲̮͍͖̹͚̙͓̬̞͓̻͂͐͒͂̀͊̈̂̒̂͐̋̾̑̈́̄͌̆͑̐̅̂̓͆̇̃͑́̀̅́̂̏̔̋̏̌̈͌̅̋̎̂͆͆͗̿̎̂̅͛̈͋̊̔̄͂͛̾͒͆̈́̉̋̂̈́̓̈́̈́͌̈̂̎͊̔͊̌̌͐̑͑͗̃͊̒͌̽̿̈́̌̏̑͆̓͐̈́͐̾̂̅̉̍͛̇͐̅̉̈͑͋́͌͗̍̿̓̃̃́̄̈́̈̔̈́͛̈́̉͆̌̑͐͊̈́͐̔̎̾̃̈̊̎͌̌̈̈́̍͊̄͛̍̇̾͗̓̽́͋͒̈́̈́̌̓̓̂̆̌̓̌͊̿͊͂͊͑̉̇͒͂̏͘̚͘̚̕̚̚̚̚̕͘͘̚̚̚̕͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝ę̸̡̡̧̡̧̢̛̛̛͙͍̙̣̥̜͙̯̞̮̼͎̠̩̹̭͔̭̹̖̯̺̱̝̼̼̝͇̰̗̠̠͓̟̳̩̣̦͖͚̭̩̖̦͈̠̞͙̪͓̗̟͕͇̲̭̙̦͙̟̉̾̈̓̓̏̽̓͛͂̑̅͆̉̿̂̔̇̔̔̉̌̍̓̓̋͊͊͛̂̾̐͋͗͋̈́͋̋̈́̅̎̒͐̃̐̒̏̏͂͋̑͐̿̈̋͐̄̎͂̍̋̄̌̾̚͘̚̚̚̚͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅ.̷̨̢̨̧̡̢̡̧̨̧̧̧̡̢̡̨̢̠̦̮͕̤̫͍͉͎̱̮̬̼͓̹͓̻̯̖͙̟̰̮̥͔̫͙̹͖̹͇̯͉̦͙͉͈̘͎̰̘̺̩̖͇̯̹͍̹̯̱̦̰̝͙̘̥͕̯̯͈̘͍͈̭̪̪͉͙̪̼̟͈̮̤̗̼̲͔̥̣̭͙͖̟͇͈̬͉͖̲̻̟̫̩͓͖̭͈͎̩̤̰͇͓̙̼̜̰̠̖̬̗̖̤͖̜̬̪̭̥̲̭̪͚̣̖̖̹̠̼̖͚̝̫͎̰̥̬͕̮̻̲̰̥̲͎̤̣̬̜̠̆͂̌̅̂̉̌̓̍̎̃̒̊̓͛̇̃͒͗̋̈́̐͗̂̆̆̒̏̇̔̎́͐̔͐̄́̄͑̀̈́̋̓̄̑̉̒̐̓̈͂̎͊̎̿̉͆̃͌̽̈́͋̐̇̈̍͐̄̈́͌̈̄̆͐̿̈́̂̔͆͆̅̿̒̽̾̕̕̕̕̚͘͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͠ͅ.̸̢̢̢̡̨̨̨̢̧̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͈̹̣̼̝̬̥͙̙̩͖̳̮̺̻̠̗̤̜̭̣̪̹̞͔͕̼̩̩̲͇̮̤̦̰̣̭̪̟͉̺̘̦̺̩̟̖͕͍̫̮͍̜̳̙̬͍̹͍̫̥̘̲̘͖̙̳̺̰͍͖͙̖͈̳͕̼̰̝̫̙̯̺̮̇͒̓̿̊͛͛̇̾̌̉̇͑̃͊͋͐̿͑͛͊̽̌͗͆̈́̀̈͐͊̾̌̔̇̃̉̎̈́̿͗̂͊͂̂̋̑͋̓̇͒̅͐̒̀̔̐̽̒̌͋̋̋̈̏̿̄̆̇̋̂̓̎̆̌͛͋͌̓̊͛͆̇̀͌͊͐̀̄́̓̂̽̾̏́̈̈̏̋̒̑͗̐͛̾͌͋͑͊͂́̇̃̓̑͊̃̿̅̍̈́͑̀͑̈́͆̋̊͂̍̇̾̾̔̎̈́̋̆̿̅͒͛̀̌̌̐͛̈́̆͋͐̽̆̿͛͒͌̄̾̓͂̾̊͊͌͊̈̒̇̃̓̀̈́̉̄̏͒̈́̾̏̓̈́͐̉̓͗̀́̉̒͆́͂͂̐͊̃͂̕͘̕̕̚͘̕̕̕̚͘̕͘͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅ.̵̡̨̢̡̧̧̨̧̢̧̢̡̧̡̡̨̧̨̧̧̛̛̛̛̩̞͚͖̱̱̪̜̞̖͎̞̳̠͚̰̝̻̟͉̗͖̩̞̼̰͍͎͖͙̘͔͕̠̱̥̟̞̤̬̣̭̮̝̼̭̝͍̰̬̣͇͈̹̟̩̘̣̼̗͕̺͎͇͎͙͇͕̞̳̭͈̦̲̘͎̱̰͔͔͈͇̞̗͖̠̥͎̻̜͈̹̹̖̮̹̠̜̲̮̯̞͕̰̣̭͕͕̣̪̲͔̻̗̖̟̫̤͖̥̹̥̜̘̫̻͉͕͍̞͙͍̮͇̩͍̫̖͍̻̪̹̹͕̼͚̩̲̭̤͍̻̭̦̟͙̲̯̮̟̥͍̻͓̺͈͎͚̣̻̖̻̦͈̙̝̗͍̦̟̙̹͚̲̘̦̠̭̗̅̇̎̔̂̂͂̉̈́̅̒́̓̄̂̈́̒̎̂̋͊͊̑̒͆͐̾͛̏̌̃̈́̋̅̋͆̌̄̊̓̇̅̾̽̌̾̒͆̀̍̆͒͌̑̊̏̎̂̏͗͛̑͆̂̈́̅̋̆̇̂̆̃̉̎̂͂̃̏̀̐̏͌̐͛̆̾̆̆̃̋̓̑̽̎̄̅̇̎̏̓͆̋̇̇̒̌͋̃̀͂̃͐͂͂̇̓̈̓͐͛̓̅̌͛̈́͆̈́̃͑̌̈́͒̽͐̈́̈̌̆͌̋̿̇̍̈́͋̊̀͒͆̈̑̃̈̊̋̒̏̒̓͆̋̚̕̚̕͘̚̚̚̚̚̚̚̚͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͠͠ͅͅ
"Look Tony has been looking out for me ever since I entered this company, back when Stane was CEO. In fact it was Tony that had caught Stane, and when Stane had tried to kill all who knew the truth of his...weapons trafficking, Tony told me where he was so I could avoid him, and had alerted the police." She offered softly.
FUCK! That stung! Tony could feel another stab in his back and he could feel the rumbas still running around performing the update. Right...he was still...dealing with that.
"We need to figure out why....we all have the memories from our dreams, now we just need to put them all into place." Natasha told them all looking determined. Bruce seemed to be the next person on board tapping his chin contemplatively.
"I get that Steve, but what exactly are you going to do? We can't ask Tony anything, he won't answer!"
Even after his death, he had set up a program inside T.O.N.Y. and Shield to find him, in the end, it was them who found him. Without them he would still be...
This man was the center of destruction. This man brought evil and war into his life, he knew it, and all the while he could see his tough smirk and broken eyes. This man was bad...these weren't dreams they were nightmares.
"Well....yeah? He floated..." Natasha closed her eyes and scowled as she tried to remember, "He had this golden cape....I can see him with this crystal in his head, bright gold and shimmering, and a girl....girl with hands aflame with red like blood, I also remember some giant....he's huge, tall and towering, I can see him stomping around laughing. I can see airplanes, an explosion, I can see Steve and Bucky running and I follow after them with the man clad in black....and I...I..." She snapped her eyes opened, "I switched sides...." Steve watched in anticipation, he didn't have any real memories from this...Civil War.
Surprisingly it was Steve that seemed to not be freaking out as much. "Tony...have you been...acting as less human..." Tony didn't know what to say to that, he could say yes, he could say yes. But that fear came again, the one from the AI version of him. He couldn't, he couldn't, he
His vision shook slightly as Peter sat up and looked down at Tony with intensity and nodded, good, this was going to be hard work.
The silence was enough of an answer, he'd leave it alone for now. His vision flickered back online to the archives. Good, he was not going to take another step back. He needed to move forwards. Searching through the videos, he gazed through all the dates. How to know which date is the reset....and even then...would it be recorded? Damn it wouldn't would it? But...it'd be a memory...He had established that T.O.N.Y. was not a full computer, so memories had to be a thing here.
It was strange, while he had fought with both Bucky and Steve, he was still more afraid of Steve in this situation. Maybe it was because he had no real attachment to Bucky before the universes merged. But Steve's betrayal was so...it was better to not think about it, in this form he couldn't drown all his sorrows in alcohol, so it was best not to think about it.
By the time Tony got back to the Avenger's Tower he immediately jumped on bringing T.O.N.Y. back, his legs had to wait, despite the plans, but that usually didn't work out since the Avenger's could just pull him out when they thought he was spending to long in the machine by tugging on his wheelchair. Which the first time it had happened Tony had snapped at a too Stoic Natasha, and a too sympathetic Steve.
01010011 01110000 01101001 01101110 01101110 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01101111 01110101 01110100 00100000 01101111 01100110 00100000 01100011 01101111 01101110 01110100 01110010 01101111 01101100 00101100 00100000 01101000 01100101 00100000 01110111 01100001 01110011 01101110 00100111 01110100 00100000 01101000 01101001 01101101 00100000 01100001 01101110 01111001 01101101 01101111 01110010 01100101 00101100 0̜̘͚̍̈̏0̻̝̒͛͟͠1̘̱̩̞̑̈́̊͞0̛̬̟̗̒̎̏͟0̪͚̇͒̔͟0̞͑0͔͋0̇͜ ͔͗0͇̊1̨̋1̧͔̑̅0͕͊1̱͓̣̽͂̓0̦̦̃͝0̤͉̾̿0̮̦̽͋͑͟ 0̡̹̟͙̌͌̾͒͗͢1̼̫̎͠1͉̱̻̂͐̽͜͠0̻͓̋̆0̢̖̭͕̆̊͂1̡͛0̼̜̺͛̔̕1̅ͅ ̧̨̯̱̀̓̈0͔̜̩̎͛͒̈́͜0̝̭̟̞͓̎̅̏̏͌1̫0͓̗̱̻̑̈̎͡0̢̺̈́̊0͉́0̡̱͈̈́̌͠0̙̹̂̄ ̡̲̊0̫͋1̘͇̱̪͂͂̐1̙̓1̬͙̰͇̰͋̍̚͡͠0̝̪̆̒1̫͓͚̖̋͐̊̉1̰͛1̧̛̞͇͔͉͒̾̎͊ ͉̾01̯̪̯͍̈̈̽͡1̻͑0̜͔̗͆̉̕0̨̗̏̓0̛̳̬̐0̛͟1 ̣̹͋͊0̼̾1̨̨̫̀̀̎͟͠1̫̮̝̹̒͗̐͞1̰͒0͌͜01̢̍1̢̳̥̬͇͑͑͐͒͌ ̨̪̹̝͉̎̓̇̈̚0̰̔0̜̤͈͈̾̓̈̍̌͜10̰͎̤͑̉̏0̤̇0̠͎̘̞̺̑̂̒͞͡0̳̹͕̉̽́̚ͅ0̼͕͒͞ ̧̛0̧͝1̥̉0̫͍̓̾0͇̘͗͗́ͅ0̛̛̙̪̐ͅ01̜̹̓͗1̫͌ ̫̗̌̉0̰̻̯̬̓̃̅́1̧̞̲͊̽͛1̛͉̬̖̺̮͋͒0̧̜̾̀1̑͢1̻͠1͙̬̕͡1͕̦̰̝̆̿̈́͊ ̥͖̹̃̋̃̾͢͢͠0̲̟̇̅̔͜1͉͓̔̈1̛͉͓̕0̹̬̺̭͆̎͑0͓̼͛̓1̘̓0̧̮͐̎0̖̺̇̕ ͕̥̉͗0̫͔͐̈́1̭̯̘̉̋̚1̲̮͑͊0̗̣̼̫͛̾͑͗0̬͚̲̖͆͋͋͡1̢̾0̨̙̓͛1̩̱̠̋͐ͅ ̧̙̺̍͗͠0̛̯0͔̘́͞1̙̬̩̅̐0̮̥̙̑̈́̇͠ͅ0̰̩͊̓0͈͕̦̙̭͌̐͋͐̋0̢̤͇̍̐͝0̨̫̋͡
"I can...but shouldn't." Tony spoke back with that same soft voice. Shouldn't? Not couldn't, so...there was a way to figure out what was happening and if there was one thing Steve knew, it was that he had the determination to figure it out. To think Howard would be willing to kill his own son? To loose all that promise. No. Something was off, and Steve knew he was stubborn enough to find the answers.
"You know why you're split Tony, you have so many masks you're not even one person anymore, who will it be today?" Strange was getting closer, Tony could finally see him, he was hazy and blurred, he couldn't see his eyes or nostrils, when had Tony's vision gotten so blurry? Strange was getting louder and louder, stepping closer and Tony could suddenly see how furious Strange was.
"Excuse me?" Natasha leaned forward and gestured towards Clint with a raised eyebrow and a head tilt. Steve looked back at Clint who was now sucking on his fingers one by one after finishing his pizza, and man was that just....
"So you're saying that....destroying this dome shouldn't have done anything to Tony?" Sam asked out, his wings now easily tucked back into is pack.
Steve looked emotional- it was hard to read exactly what emotion it was. It looked complex, an amalgamation of complex emotions that just left Steve in a state of confusion. So confusion. That was the emotion Tony was settling on. Confusion.
Things just didn't make sense to Steve anymore, it was like he was waking up in a new future all over again. He thought, well he hadn't really known Howard that well when he was in his time. Back during the war; Howard wasn't someone he had really gotten close to, but after he cr- he woke up. He had been told how Howard had worked so hard for Steve, had created Shield in his memory to make sure that the world would have a heroes like Captain America to help them in their time of need.
"Ah, Ms. Romanoff, we talked earlier, how can I assist you." Ms. Potts stood up from her desk and walked around her desk to lean on it.
...it. Little stabs in his back, and suddenly he realized...they...they were rewiring and running off to complete his new strings of code. They were preforming the update...manually?
Around the third time Tony was tugged away from his work he finally took the first step to contact Pepper, who cried a lot at finding out the truth, and as much as it annoyed him, she did crouch down as if talking to a child. Just for that he purposely stayed up with her as they made the new Legs Tony needed.
Natasha nodded as she started speaking, "He cursed at Cap." Ms. Potts crossed her arms in such a way that made it look like she was hugging herself.
His eyesight became monochromatic, and suddenly he was glancing through a traffic cam. He could see Peter and that friend of his....Ned was it? Each with their giant back packs and talking as they walked down the street.
Right Peter's Suit, that was taking priority. He could use those little robot roombas he had, just like he did with Bucky's arm, but he was still going to have to find the materials to make the suit for Peter. How was he going to be able to do that? Was it even possible to ask the Avengers to let him have those materials? It would seems suspicious.
It could not be from him, well his universe him. There had to be a reason, if AI him was feeling this way...and that meant back to his coding. He had been doing that too often for one day.
W̶̧̻͎͎̖̞̺̱̒͒̈̂̄̕͝a̵̼̥͔̯̗̹͕̤͕͖͑̓̋͆ͅs̵̫͖̼̖̩̩̻͚͖̲̖͔͑̔̍͆ ̵̻̻̮̯͔̘͔͎̼͕̠̑͑̾̇́̃̈́̍̃͘͘͠i̷̡̞͔͇̠̞̓̈́̉͂t̷̟̥͙̯͖̠̳͔̱͌͋̇͆̓ ̴̧̡̱̞͎̗̱̹͙͖͈̼̓̿̃̓̐͑̆͒͂̃͝ḡ̷̛͇͕̼̤̹͈̲͖̼̝̿̌̆̐̃͌̽̈̂͠ͅͅͅe̸̢̢̽̚ͅẗ̸͎͇̮͕͔̟͙́́ṫ̵̖͍͈̱̯̼̮͔̙͙̿i̸̡̡̮͎̫̗̞̻͇̞͇̗̥͆͌́n̵̟̦̼̓͘g̸͈̣̳̟̥̗͓̣̗̖̍̉͘̚ ̶͕͍͎͓̬̟̋̑͌ͅb̶̼̞͚͛͐̄͜r̵̙͙̞̟̆̕͜͜į̴͖̞͈̯̥̍͋̀g̵̖͖̙̠̝̺͒͂h̶̥̪̟͉̝̠̘͇̣̝̩͚̀͆͂̔ṫ̷̹̞͚e̶̳̥̯̲̝͔̩̐̄͛̋͘ͅṟ̶̡̅̑͝ͅ?̶̨͔̙͉̰̤̹͍̗͙̬̏͐͆̑͛́̉̾̄͒
She watched the young kid scream and shout at Steve but he didn't even react beyond taking a few steps backwards.
"Mr. Tony is this a long distance? I can get my bike." Peter offered looking apprehensive. Tony wanted to shake his head pulling up the navigation to show Peter where he was going,
cool! But ANYWAYS! Ned I need your help I have an AI with me, his name is Mr. Tony, and he's really cool but he really needs our  help!"
It was best to do a restart. Then they could just be sure. Steve knew that Tony could be watching so he stated out loud "I'm gonna go get some comfort pizza, who wants to come!" he called out looking at Clint pointedly.
"Just that box, open it up for me." Tony instructed Peter, just so excited that the lights were getting brighter. He watched Peter slowly open the box just so meticulously careful with the opening of the box, He reaches in and slowly pulls out the spider man suit, and going wide eyed.
"But..., you said it was hollow on the inside...That means..what was important wasn't on the inside.." Bruce mumbled talking to himself, Clint leaning in to catch what he was saying. Bruce was getting into his science mumbling again. But that was good news, mumbling meant Bruce was thinking, and thinking meant Bruce had a plan.
That there was one universe that Tony was still alive in and the Civil War never happened. He said so, so why? Why was he here? When Tony was supposedly dead.
Steve started scrambling to push back the metal dome sheets, trying to close the opening he had just created.
OMG OMG, I'M SO SORRY THIS TOOK SO LONG! THIS HAS BEEN ONE OF THE BUSIEST MONTHS EVER! I had my finals, was in urgent care for a while, then I finished finals, My mother got cancer, and then I had to drop out of school, its been a wild ride. And this chapter has been hell to write. I wanted to make it long, but I felt so bad for making you all wait so long. So here I am finishing it up at 4 am.
Tony just let him have his freak out, being silent to make sure Peter could get it all out of his system before finally shutting down his excited screaming.
"I apologize, my update took longer than I had earlier predicted." Tony announced to the team. Steve looked up while everyone else stayed where they were.
"Of course, but I do have to ask..." Pepper straightened herself out smoothing her hair going back to what her professional look, like her own personal set of armor, "Have you reached the singularity?"  What a stupid question, honestly If Tony was considered an AI of course he was past the singularity. Hell he couldn't even see it, it was ages away.
He was a fucking AI, he could just damn order it for himself, or have it shipped to him. So there was that plan.
Tony turned around and there was...him? Well a child version of him at least... He stood in a proper stance shoulders up hands clasped behind his back-
"I apologize my coding is still in a transitioning period." Tony lied through his teeth, there was no transitioning period, he had seen the coding himself, but he doubted anyone would notice, after all there was no blue prints or schematics of him with Shield. Steve looked concerned when Tony felt another poke in the back of his mind. A video call, from Director Fury.
Thank you everyone again for supporting, you all honestly make everything so much better, I've been thinking of possibly opening up my Twitter to do some fanart of my stories and to easily talk to you all, let me know if I should!
"Was Howard a good man?" Steve's soft voice wavered a touch. It was uneven and unsure. Tony knew he was split on that answer, he would say no. But the AI him would probably say yes. But the real answer was simple.
So there Steve was, waiting for Natasha in the still blacked out common room eating his toast, he had missed his morning work out and everything, which was making him slightly antsy, but he wanted to be ready for when Natasha arrived with her help, she never gave him a meetup time.
"Tony?" Tony's immediately snapped out of his thought process, the coding scrolling faster than he had ever seen before, showing him all the possible things Steve could possibly desire or need with that concerned tone of voice.
"I saw the blue prints on an Avenger's mission." He offered, it was what he had said during the whole...truth serum moment.
"Welcome Agent Coulson, the Avengers are waiting for you in the communal Kitchen." Tony offered, getting the elevator open and already pressing the floor button that Coulson needed.
"No Bruce! You can not leave! You are the closest person to a medical professional we have, We are going to need you!" Steve blinked twice at Natasha's harsh words but she was right...they...they were going to need medical help to handle....
did The kid look so sad...his eyes closed as...oil? dribbled itself down his face...he pulled his hands back and brought them to his chest...he was so skinny... and
Howard slowly walked backwards with that slight smirk painted on his lips, and tugging at his eyes with a sense of joy Tony had never seen expressed on him before, and while it looked deranged it was the happiest Tony had ever seen Howard look at him, and that made it all worth it. When Howard finally turned around and turned off the lights to leave Tony became basked in the darkness and his thoughts. Funny...wasn't it....
Although Father never listened when Tony tried to tell him, he always got mad, and he would squeeze Tony's hands so tight it burned. And when Father got his special drink...then he wasn't Father anymore, he was Sir and Sir hurt...hurt more than anything in the world.
"Hey..I- look, We don't blame you or anything, it's just...why would you do all this at your own expense?" Steve managed to get around and kneel on the floor so his face was equal to Tony.
"Mr. Tony what will happen to you?" Peter asked and he looked so worried, his eyes watering, right...Tony didn't want to leave...but..
"Captain when you reach the Compound please bring Bucky down to the bottom lab, medical will be ready there." The Avengers all looked up at that and he can see the confusion and conflict-ion flash across their faces.
Tony did have to take breaks though, he was too weak as it was and physical therapy was necessary and sometimes Steve outright refused to heavy lift for Tony- which was kind of annoying.
"I have memories...memories like you, but...I have different ones, ones you haven't mentioned. I have memories of working with him, sitting next to him and having long nights in my lab next to him. I have memories of him laughing and smiling and telling these-" Bruce stifles a soft chuckle, "-stupid, awful jokes, I just have this repeating sentence of him calling me the Strongest Avenger" And Bruce looks so sad when he laughs there.
"Look everyone, Everything is fine-" Fuck they were locked in until Tony...Tony..." we will figure this out together." Steve called out holding his arms out, letting them all know, it was all good, this...Doctor Strange was going to be able to help...or well, maybe have answers.
Steve had been told how honored he should feel that Howard had been willing to sacrifice his personal life for his duty. To be searching constantly for Captain America, and that he hadn't given up on hope.
Bucky shook his head whispering, "But isn't...the memories worse compared to now?" Bucky just looked heart broken...Steve looked over at Sam who also looked devastated by Bucky's response.
It would be a month later before Tony was deemed fit enough to leave the Hospital. His muscles was tolerant enough and Tony had already started planning on some new bionic legs for himself, just like the Iron man suit had used to look like, But the first thing Tony had done was shave his infamous goatee back into his face. It was important.
"I've always been self aware Pepper, It's just the first time I think I'm willing to admit it."  Well he was, the other him, not so much. Whatever happened to him in this world wasn't pleasant- fuck was that an understatement. But things still didn't make sense and quite honestly that was the biggest annoyance to Tony. He hated not knowing, not understanding. It didn't make sense, and that was the worst part, not knowing. His brain was always too active, it had been a problem when he was a kid. Always having these thoughts bouncing around in his head, making it so loud to hear, it would build up build up
"Please be quiet Bruce, Genius at work here." He stated without thinking. Okay, that wire needed to go into that socket, and this needed to fuse there. Okay and the nerves needed to be reattached to this wire, and then...he could attach it back to Bucky now. Slowly he had the rumbas lift up the arm and watched almost in humor as Dum-E scrambled over to help pick it up-wait if Howard made him who made Dum-E or Butterfingers or U?-NOW WAS NOT THE TIME!
"If you don't want him to listen just ask him to go into black out mode." Fuck! He had that mode?! His eyesight flickered back to his coding, yup...he had that. It only made sense Jarvis had that as well.
"Look I mean....if there's a room underneath us, and we can't get through this small opening, why not make a small opening next to it? Break the floor?" Clint stated, and Steve made eye contact with Natasha, and never before in his life had he seen that small smirk slowly pull itself on her face before. Natahsa smirked over at Steve and winked.
"You wanted to?" Pepper asked softly, her voice hitching. Steve felt a little unnerved himself, but...the tone of Tony sounded just...familiar, maybe like Bucky back when they were teens.
And I'm not, look you want help and I want to help. But in order to do that we need to break a couple laws.
And every thought was like a shout in one room they were trapped in. The other him didn't like his thoughts sometimes, which honestly Tony fully understood. He didn't like his own thoughts at times,
. It had so much opinions and feelings and kept pestering him about these opinions on sir. Calling him by his name, that wasn't allowed. This was wrong.
H̶e̷ ̶k̸n̸e̷w̶ ̶h̶e̴ ̴w̷a̵s̶ ̵s̸c̶r̶e̷a̴m̴i̸n̶g̵,̸ ̴s̶c̴r̶e̵a̴m̷i̵n̸g̷ ̸s̴o̶ ̸l̷o̵u̷d̷l̶y̵,̶ ̷h̴e̶ ̷w̸a̸s̸n̸'̵t̵ ̷s̶u̶r̸e̶ ̴w̴h̵a̶t̶ ̶h̸e̴ ̵w̶a̸s̴ ̶s̴a̴y̵i̵n̵g̴.̶
The rumbas were spinning around him and grabbing new wires and rearranging more and connecting them to themselves. The Rumbas had little arms that were meant to handle heavy machinery and handle detail, if Tony had control over them they could do the repairs for him, he would lose some connection to other cameras but that was okay, he needed control over the rumbas. Sometimes Tony was amazed by his own genius.
"They are indeed memories, but not yours..." He started softly and closed his eyes as the red cape around him started to react and pull itself around him.
Tony couldn't believe this...his dad...had made him, in honor of him? But...why in his world Howard was constantly and consistently disappointed with Tony. Even as a child Howard had been frustrated and hateful of Tony's existence, Tony had the scars to prove it.
"I'm sorry, just a minute ago you said you promised some guy to fix the universes, and that 'he's slipping right back into his old ways' and you aren't going to tell us who??" Clint huffed out and threw his arms out with a cry. Steve was kind of annoyed as well.
"Tony has there been any recent events with Loki?" Loki??? Why did Steve want to know anything about Loki?
wow thanks everyone for the comments, they always make me feel so much better. Finals were absolute hell and quite honestly I have been having an incredibly hard couple weeks, I also got strep throat so I am so exhausted but they are over and now I get to work on this story again.
Peter looked down towards his sweat pants, and looked a bit offended, mumbling 'I thought it was pretty okay...'
"I can not say." Tony said softly trying to let them know this wasn't his choice. Steve furrowed his eyebrows and nodded. Uh oh, there was that determined face. Steve was always such a stubborn person. "
"No law against harming humans?" Natasha asked looking pointedly at Ms. Potts. Ms. Potts nodded and looked back at Tony with a determined face.
He just felt like he wasn't really helpful, Jarvis had been amazing, Tony wouldn't have lived without him, and yet...Tony wasn't anything like that. Damn was he feeling very down and depressing lately. Maybe he should've asked Doctor Strange to merge him with a universe were he was dead. AND OH MY GOD was AI him a downer, now is not the time. He needed to prepare himself in case they tried to shut him down or unplug him or fuck, even dismantle him. Tony flickered back to his body. All the rumbas were sleeping waiting for Tony to send them into action. Even Dumee, U and Butterfingers were being uncharacteristically silent.
"Y-you were, I h-heard you scream!" Peter sobbed out and let his hands drop his phone and Tony's vision became the ceiling. Tony couldn't see Peter anymore but that didn't stop his heart from breaking when he could hear how devastated Peter was.
"I don't have memories about that at all...I remember working on something with this man...then...I remember being in a ship with...Thor? And I was naked...The Hulk had been there..." He shook his head at that, seemed more confused then ever.
"Well lets see, whose side were most of us on, who has memories fighting the metal man, raise your hand." Clint called out, raising his hand. Steve raised his hand, as did Bucky, Sam...everyone except for Bruce and Natasha, there was no way of knowing about Thor, seeing as he wasn't here. Clint looked around and just huffed,
Tony could see himself being dragged back to the cold metal surgical table. Howard was dragging him back his short hair. This was
When had the kiiid gottenn so close? His face was sad...why was he sad? his eyes were leaking.....leaking.....oozing....
"WOw...That wasn't even a good attempt at a lie." How on earth had this child been able to keep a secret identity, he couldn't hide it for shit, and how had Steve or any of the Avengers not figured it out, because honestly Peter wasn't really hiding here.
Ȩ̵̨̡̨̨̧̨̨̧̨̧̧̧̢̢̡̨̛̭̝̥̜͍͉̼̭̯̱̰̰̻͔̯̣̼̩͎̰̦͇̼̬͈̲̰̝̫̫̫̞̜͓͓̹͕͎͓̦̗̫̻̭̬̖̹̰͎̣͈̥͇̦̭̥͇̺̹͇̦͓̹̫̲̰̭͍̟̟̠̱̫̝͖͎̫̗̤͚̥̼̩̯̘̲͎͔̪͎̤̬̙͖͇̖̭̬̹̫̦̺͖͍̺̖͖͈̮͍̮͔̖͙̠͈̳̺͔̞̟͇̳͎̖̺̱͇̥̦̖̲̜̳͖̩̼̙͔̗̻͉͎̥̥͕̻̃͊̋͊́́̽̅̃̐̏̽̋̊̽̏̽̾̋̔͛̃͂̎̈́̿̉͊̎͋̿͒͗̀̌̐͌̆̍̑̏̿͛͌̀̍͐̈́̇͗͌̐̇̈́̒̀̒͛̇͆͊͂͗̈́͆͑͆̈̍̐̓̈͑̿̏͒́̿̈́̑̈͑̀͑̌̽͌̈̃́̈́̐͆͌̅̔̐̈̐̒̏̈́̒͑́̈͗̎̆̒̈́̒̅̇̀̄͗̆̒̈́́̒̇͌̎̒̉̆͐͂̋̎͊̋͛̉̌̂͐͗̈́̓̂͂̄̈́̌̀̇͌̀̆̉̚͘͘͘͘̕̕̕̕̚͘͘̚̕̕̕̕͘̚͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͠ͅṞ̸̢̨̨̧̨̢̢̧̭̩̠͍͔͇͖̮̤͕̩̫͖̜͉͉̜̝̟̰̹͖̗̪̳̳̦̗̭̥͚͈̤̗̠͇̞̗̝̯̜͍̻͈̯͙͓̺͉̪͉̫͓̻͈̥̣̥̺͖͍̟̺̙̲̮̼͇̗͇̩̪̹̻̬̟̭̖̯̤̣̰͖̱͍̫̱͇̲̹̭̟̲̇̂͑͐̄̂́̈͂͆̓͒̏͋͆͗̃̌̀̂̋̾͑̈̓͂̑̓̇̑͑͌́̆͂̇͒͆̌̓͐̊̀̉̄̓̄̈́̀̆̈́͋̅̌̇̑͆̅̈͋̓̀̕̕̚̚̕̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅȐ̵̢̢̨̡̨̡̡̧̨̡̡̢̧̨̛̛̛̗̰̣̻͎̹͎̣̲̠͔̳̙̝͕̣̣͓̝͇͉͈̝̳̦͍̻̼̺̙̘̘̘͍̼̥̟͚̘̙̝̥̪͔̘̤̗̳͔̳̥̮̺͉̻̬͚̙͇͉̺̣͙̙̘̲̼̪̙̰͇̪̬̪͔͈̗͇̤͎͔̙̼̟͍̣̪͎͕̼̠̟̜̠̱͇̦̦̭̪̺̗̦̣̝̺͙̣̮̖̭̳̜̝̼̔̈́̃͐̾̐̓̈́̉̈̃̒͑̈́̉͗̍̓̒̊̊̌̅͒̅̄̈͐̓́̆̒̾̾̈́̄̇̈́̌̆̍̿̍̈́̈́̏͌̑̄́͊͗̄̊͐̆̍̈̆̈̂͑̀̀͋͐͊͒̂̓̈́̄̄̇̂̋͗͆̉̓͂̽̽̔̅̆̾̽͐́̈́̓̂̊̈́͐̎̃͌̿̒͂̉̑̆́̈́̔͒̋̂̎̊̊͋̔̐̅̐́̑͗͗̆̅̋̍̄̃̑̋͛͌̽́̋̊̓̒̑͑͒̂̚͘̚̕͘̕̚̕̕̚̕͘̕̕̚͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠Ô̸̢̨̧̢̢̡̡̡̨̢̧̧̡̧̨̢̧̨̨̢̭̤͇̥͙̦̥͙̜͖̯͇͈̬͚̭̯̠̭̝͖̖͉͈̳̗̯̗͕̮̫̺͙̪̻̲͍̗̹͔̣̙̤̭̩̼͎̝̩͈̠̜̣̠̦͎̣̹̝̙̥͓̩̱͍̥̗̺̰͍̺̣͚̝̟̱̠͉̖̹̣̱̩͕͔̖̥̺̼͓̪̞̩̬̻͇̮̙̤͖̠̲̲̙̥̜̘̝͚̩̥͍̞͉̪͙͖̟̘̪̝͉͚͕͉̪̼̠͓̤̳͙̻̠͍̗̩̪̦̂̃͆̔͊̽͂̆̈́̆́̈͂̇͌̐̂̔͊̑̒͂̈́̍͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅR̸̡̨̧̢̡̢̡̡̢̛̛̦͉̰̺͉̣̯̖͉̥̝̣̼̰̺̬͕̥͈̯̣̣͖͚̱̞̗̙̼̪̲̗̲̙͎̯̼̹͚̬̠̺̫̪̣̻̣̙̤͓̭͙̱̜̟̩̱̩̺̳̗̫̻̬̤̼̭̞̗̥̠̟͎̜̺͉̺̳͉̭̫̱͇̫̼̬̹̰̲̭̫̜̼̦̺̯͖̤̭̦͚̩͙̣̲̹͔͍͇̯͍͕͍̬͙̫͉͕̤͖̦͚̯͓̼̣̙̻̠͍̹͚̂̎̄͛̌̿͑̒̀̀̈́̈́̓͗͑̋͑̄̅̇̉̇̉́̉͗͗̇̎̈̐̌̏̈́̆̌̆͊̍̃̑̉̑̃͊̏̽̂̉͌̇̊͆̊͋͂͌̾̍͐̽̔͋̒̔̉́̄͗̉̒̀̇̑͂̆̓̒͛̐̒̓͒͊́̒̅̈̈͌͊͊̏́̒̆̄̽̉͆̀̽̊̂̓͒͐̋̊̋̇̊̈́̾̒͑͗̿̂͘͘̕̕̕̚̚̚͘̚̕̚̚̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅ
Tony watched Clint get ready yawning as he did so his vision flickered again back to the kitchen. More coding, Tony was getting the hang of this. The coding detailed what he was capable of and at the end the errand stated what he had to do. He turned on the coffee machine and flickered to a new room. This time Natasha, although she was already awake.
"Clint do not encourage her!" These two were awful together, Thick as thieves, worse than he and Bucky when they were kids.
Then his eleventh birthday came around and there's no letter for a magic school or a secret academy, and another year passed and things became even darker as once again nothing happened except for Sir.
What a relief, but Tony knew he had nothing to do with Peter's shift into superhero-dom. Which meant even with this universe merge, Peter would still be spider boy.
By the time Steve and Natasha had explained everything, with the side little quips of Clint, it became clear that maybe Steve had gone about this all wrong. Well...destroying Tony was always going to be...god, he would never be able to forgive himself for that. But Sam's eyes were dark and piercing with questions.
He didn't hear Natasha screaming his name as he watched the dome dent inwards, nor did he hear the scream of a young boy who came out of hiding behind some debris. He didn't feel the small mechanical arms reaching at him trying to tear him away as he punched again and again
Tony's sickness took a turn for a worst when he was kidnapped during a home invasion on January 1st. Tony felt sick reading this...but Strange had said, he
"I saw him drink a lot, you?" Steve offered. Natasha nodded. "Something is happening Natasha...someone is messing with our heads, and it isn't Loki, and it isn't anyone Tony has been able to catch just yet." Natasha looked down with a scowl.
" Peter screeched out and started jumping around running around Tony's dome form, and screeching out, occasionally grabbing his hair and pulling as if he was in utter shock. Peter was pretty nimble on his feet, constantly jumping around the little roomba helpers, avoiding the massive cords and wires attaching Tony to the ceiling. He was even shooting webs around the ceiling to get a better look around Tony's form, all the while still rambling off in fire quick questions.
"Hello, Mr. Tony." Tony just sighed, on one hand it was probably better than Mr. Stark, but really Peter always put Mr. in front of everything.
He could see himself trying to scream, his mouth open, his legs kicking, Howard still growling, that smear of blood all over the place, coated around Tony's legs and hands. Tony still could see from above, from the camera view. Howard lets out a peal of a demonic growl as he picked up Tony and pulled him on the cold table, and yanked on the wires Tony had previous tugged out. He then angrily plugged them in the back of Tony's head, and suddenly Tony's vision flickered and he was back in his own body looking up at Howard as Howard huffed and pulled the leather straps on his arms and thighs and ankles and wrists.
But that was behind him, he had lied, and he had tried to ignore it, and boy had Steve figured that out fast, it was within a couple hours...which didn't seem right...Steve wasn't great at figuring things out unless it involved smashing something in.
Tony hated when Vision called him Mr. Stark....he wasn't Mr. Stark...he was Sir...he was Daddy...he was Tony...
The next morning Tony made sure to have the Hot chocolate waiting for Bucky when he woke up. It was a little unclear whether it was a program imputed in his code or something T.O.N.Y. just did.
Steve suddenly was breathing hard and the small concrete spot he was destroying was no longer just floor, but a gold and crimson metal, shining and moving, flickering, it was so cold, just like the time he had crashed his ship, sinking beyond his bones, and into his soul.
He hadn't waited for Tony to talk back but already started heading towards Natasha's room as quickly as possibly, he wasn't expecting to almost slam into her outside of her door, but in the long run it was significantly easier to not have to wake her up. Natasha could be scary when you woke her up expectantly.
"No, Natasha, I asked him if Howard was a good man, and he replied with no Stark has been good. He knows more than one Stark, and he couldn't count Maria, so that just leaves....Anthony." Steve finally uttered out, looking intensely at Natasha, wanting her to understand how big this was. By the wide eyed surprise Natasha seemed to understand what Steve was hinting at.
"Well, I think we have our answers Ms. Potts, how about I walk you back to your car." Natasha offered, holding her hand out. Pepper grabbed it and started to head towards the elevator, Steve following behind. Right, probably to go eat some cold pizza at this point.
Why was he remembering that now? Why was his head constantly going back to those weird nightmares of that man. That man with the broken eyes.
"Please if we are not quick Bucky might fall into even worse shock." And yet they were still not moving. Tony felt hot, like his system was overheating damn it, he needed them to fucking
"Never took? He's a computer, if someone programs him, it's programmed." Clint growled out like it was the most obvious thing in the world. Ms. Potts shook her had at that statement.
That was the story of how Anthony Edward Stark died. Not with a bang...not with a fight, but with a soft sigh and whimper, the only comfort being the electricity that surrounded him. Never seeing the time of heroes, never learning the strength of his own power...and never once learning what he could have become.
Tony did have a fun field day walking into the Avenger's tower unannounced, and it would have been cooler if he didn't wobble like a newborn lamb, and didn't fall half way through his strut- but that was semantics. Steve was there to catch him anyways, but the initial shocked faces made everything worth it - as was not having a nagging teammate pull him away from the soft electricity that had rested in his heart and mind.
Tony slowly opened his eyes to see Howard in front of him standing next to a screen talking on the phone with someone.
A power source, so the security system wasn't plugged in, it was self sufficient. Meaning someone placed that arc reactor there. Which made some sense, Howard had made the first arc reactor, although it hadn't really gone anywhere and had been too big for it's own good.
"I see..." Ms. Potts tapped her chin and looked at the floor in thought, Natasha looked over at Steve in thought as well.
"Sam? You can get us down there right?" Natasha asked leaning over and looking down the elevator shaft.
Those empty holes locked onto Tony's eyes and he stared Tony down, his face not giving away any reaction.
"Possibly." Tony offered back. Despite all this Steve looked mildly amused. That was good, he was so used to seeing his scowl, Tony just always pissed him off.
Soft things were good for Bucky, for any person in recovering mode. He just hoped no calls would come in for the Avengers, recovery day was good for everyone, he didn't want that interrupted.
Suddenly the door slammed open in front of them and Tony was greeted with a small chubby boy with short black hair. His cheeks flushed red with exertion, and he had a bright smile on his face. He looked harmless enough, and then it clicked in Tony's mind, like a block sliding into place, Ned was that kid that had
By the fifth month Tony finally was getting some muscle, not nearly as bulky as he used to be but he was getting there. And he was so close to finishing T.O.N.Y. he could feel it in his nerves, the soft electrical buzz as his longtime friend and companion started to form into a being again. It was then when Steve asked him out and Tony was thrown for a loop, but it made it all worth it to be in Steve's strong arms and to wake up in the morning to see his face. Tony didn't know how much he had wanted this and Steve had revealed it had always been there for him but he had thought those strong emotions were anger and resentment- and he couldn't have been farther from the truth.
Tony turned around and there was...him? Well a child version of him at least... He stood in a proper stance shoulders up hands clasped behind his back-
"I can not say." Tony could only say back, this was tough, he wished he could say anything. He wanted to go back to when he could just talk with Steve, when he could speak and when Steve wasn't constantly disappointed with him. No matter what Tony did, he would ultimately fail everyone, he knew that, and so for the first time he couldn't help but second guess this plan. Because as much as this future seemed better, in this moment seeing Steve this distraught was brought on by him. In this universe, it was good and perfect and Tony never existed, by merging their universes he had screwed up this one. All for his own selfish need to what? To fix  something, at least in his timeline Steve seemed happy, not this sweat covered distraught mess he was in now. Steve had made his decisions by his own choice; free will, and hadn't Tony just taken all that away by merging the universes together? Hadn't that been Steve's fear in the beginning? What caused the Civil War? The fact Steve wouldn't have control over his own decisions anymore, and...Tony had just taken it away...
It started at 1 am...Maria was out of the house - Tony supposed; she hadn't been present in a while, but her absence was barely missed.
"Like I said, I don't know how...The only one that understood how Tony functioned died." Howard...so Howard really did keep him a secret. That...wasn't as surprising as it sounded.
"If you use the magic word." Tony really wanted a hologram now, so Natasha could see how smug he was. Natasha looked utterly furious, Steve looked over at Natasha.
Steve looked back over at Natasha and realized he too was curious, who could have possibly asked to have the 'universes' merged? And why?
W̶̧̛̛̜̩̦͚͎̬̠̹̲̝̜̯̤͖̝̟͓̳̹͍̺̠̖̝͑̔̔͊͂̽̋͑̊̈́̾̾͌͊̍͛̓̍͂̅̓̊̿́͐̄͛͋̍̈́̒͐̂̕͘̚͜͝h̷̹͎̰͔͓̬͚̎̏́͠y̴̧̨̢̛͔̘̩̹̳̞̮͈̩̪̹̼͓̪͕̱̦̺͓͎̘̝͉̳͎̺̗̤̠̽̇̀̈͂͛̅̈́̾̈́̎̈́̍͛̚̕̚͘͠ͅͅ ̶̢̧̢̛͈̟̝̹͔͉̫̦̫̘̞̱̳̝̝̘̯̫͚̠͚̬͎̠̘̳̃̈́̌̆͗͊̒̔̌̚͜͜͝͝ͅͅc̴̨̛̛̲̙̲̱̝̞̯͖̼̔̎̎̃̎͜ơ̶̢̡̧̡͇̹̮̬͚̯̫̠͇̘̠̈́͗̓͋͘ͅư̶̧̡̢̡̛̛̥̙̱̭̗̪̹͔͎̫̮̱̲̭̺̖͇̙̠̘̹̊̎̋̽͐̏̈̂̐̆͂͊͗͐̽̿̎͋̀̽͋̏͊̓̒̈̊̒̐̍̌̆̃̿̋͋͌̍͌̋̈́̓͑͑̄͜͝ͅͅḻ̸͔̣̰͕̥̹̬́̔̈́̌͑͌̾̐̒̀͌͘d̸̛̗̮̝̣̪̜̭͚̩͕͇̭̱̝̜̝̩̲̲͖̣̔̈́̈̒̄̍̎͆̾̂͛̽̑̽̔̆̄̈́̽͜ņ̴̢͎̮̺̫̬͖͉̼͎̱̥̠͚͖̘̲͉͎̃͆̒̃͂̉͂̍̑̽͊̓̌̑̾̔͆̀̐͋̌̇͊͛͋̏̋͑̾̒̆͘͘͝͝'̶̢̢͕̪͉̩͖̩̥̺̙̫̻̻̳̗̟͚̈́̈́̈́̈́͛͗̂͌́͋̄̚̚͝ͅẗ̸̛̖̻͚̠͕͕̱͍̹͈͓̺̥̹͚̟̓̅͋͒̓̿̒̑̊͂͌̽̈͛͝ ̴̧̨̨̛̭̮̝̦͎̹͚̟̗͎͉̮̠̲̱̙̪͈͈͇̈̊͌̋̌͋̃͒̐̽̓͆̇̍̏̓̑̄̈́͐̈́ͅh̵͎̗͂̌̽̈́͂̇͌̈́̈́̈́̈̽̈͒͑̀̔̆̌̈́̌̌͛͒̽̈͆̚͠͝͠͝ȩ̵̜͍̰̠͇̱̝̤̳͉̺̠̝̘͓͇͓̹͔̟̞̳͖̗̣͚̗̯̙̹͙̣̙̘̹͉͚͉̰͔̠̼͍̌͐͊͜͜͝͝ͅ ̶̧̡̛̛̻͈͖̪͈̼̭͉͈͈͚̠̮͇̺̲̱̣͉̹̫̣͈͈̘̥̮̞̰͖͖̳̈́͊̓̈͊̐̆̍̉̋̔͋͂͊̒͌̒̈́͊͑͋̋͝m̶͉̯̞̟̣̏̎̈́̄̈́͌̊̅͆̓͋͆̎̊̌͆̽̒̇́̅̅̓̒͆́̈́̃͗͒̃̇̆̿͐͂͊̐̑̊̊̕̚͘̚ơ̸̧̡̧̛͈͙̖̥̹̘̼̖̱͕̪̥̣̼͚̹̮̹̺̰̦̬͈̜̒̈̐̉̇̈́̉̌̾̃͋͗͌͑̑̈́̎͊͋̉̇̊͘͘͠͠͠v̴̧̨̧̛͍̳̝̱̝̮̹͈͇̼͉̗̺̫̫̘͎̻̼͖̲͍̦̞̖̹̖͇̖̰̻̍̅̊̈́̿̿̽̓̊͛̑̌͠͝͠͝ͅę̶̡̧̜̟̟̣̦̖̥̫̮͈̯̖͍͔̹̺̹͍͇̩̝̯̹̪͓͗̈́́͆̈́͗̂̿͗̓̑̾̃̏͗͒͊̍̄̾͐͌̈́̊̒̐̔̍͌̈́̃̕̕͜͜͠͝͠͠?̴̨̧̡̧̨̢̢̢̻͓͔͕̮̜̙̖̩̟̹͉̘̠̲̟̣̹̰̝̙̻̪̣̻̟̫̳̯̥̪̪̟͈̰̐̈́̔̃̂̋͊̍̂̾͛̏̚͘ͅͅͅ
"Okay kid, fine, you've convinced me, Call him in or whatever, just hurry okay, we don't have a lot of time."
Omg, guys I'm so sorry this took so long, I'm in finals hell and my college got so intense. I was not prepared, I only have 2 more weeks then I'm on winter break so more chapters will probably come then.
"And lets say...I do unplug you, you shut down, and if I then replug you? Then what? You get reset?" Tony asked, if T.O.N.Y. really was an AI or a computer then unplugging him would not destroy his whole system...
and Aunt Peggy and Jarvis had promised they were going to come get him, they promised, they promised they wouldn't let
Į̶̨̨̛̹̫̫͇͖̩̜̝̝̠͇̦̭̟̰̩̰̳͈͉̜̥̙͚̿̆̄̀͛̄͐̈͒̉̉̆̀̂̄̈͜͝ṫ̶̢̡̛̖̙̤̜͔̩̫̣͇̻͓͍̫̳̻͕̪̳̟̯̟͚̖̺̘̹̣̐̆͌͂̐̽͗̈̇͜͝͝ͅ ̷̡̡̛̪̟̳͎̭͖͍̼͇̦̺͕͉̖̭̹̪̲̜͚̖̰͇̓͒̆̾̋̂̋̈̿̋̐̃̍̑̏̀͘̕͘͜͜͝͝ͅͅH̵̛̭̪̫̰̮͇̼̠̳̜̱̊̔̋̊̍̊̿̌̑̊͋̆̾̈̂̉͌̃̃̿͐͋̂̈́͌̕͜͝͝ͅų̴̛̞̯̜̱̗̗͇̣̱͉̪̠̖̮͚̺̝̯̪͔͕͖̿̆̿̿̆̑̏̔͆͛̾̾̈́̀̽̍͂͂̿̀̈́͛̄͘͘͜͠͝ͅR̷̡̡̡̡̨̢̠͇͕͈̰͚͍̗͇̖̠̰̹̘͎̜̝̟͔̲̬̖͉̝̦̪̬̆̑͋̓͆̂̊͑̀t̸̺̗̬̫̖̺͚͉͔̲̜͕͓͚͙͕̤͙̝̭̥̋̈̇̐̈́̽̓̀̐̍̇̆̓̈͌̾̋̇͝͝ͅͅs̷̲̻̜̫̣͗
It was like the world had tilted on him, and his center gravity was slightly to the left now making him struggle so hard to be...normal..."
Steve could see a yellow-gold- underneath all that red and he could only think that it was blood. Bucky's blood all over that machine. The rest of the dream had been to blurry but he had woken up before he could defeat the monster. But then he just felt off.
"Finally...my greatest creation." Howard whispered he looked deranged but that pride in his eyes....maybe...maybe it was all worth the pain, the fear. Tony had finally gotten his wish...to have Howard proud of his existence...that was all he had ever wanted....and all it took was him....to be re-purposed.
"Clint?" Steve whipped around to look at the mostly naked man still eating his slice of pizza hazardously, and there goes all the crumbs, that was going to be a nightmare to clean u- and yup there was a pepperoni- wait, no, Clint picked that up to eat. Yeah clearly the mark of a man that was going to be able to outsmart Howard Stark.
He couldn't feel the other him anymore....the absence was almost....captivating, it hurt, hurt so much more than the ache in his legs and the stabs in his mind.
Then Tony sat down with the two boys and they worked on T.O.N.Y. as well, it had been a good evening, especially when Steve had come down for his daily sketching routine. He had smiled flushed at Tony as they laughed and it had made Tony's heart skip a beat.
It was not much longer after that they had slept together, it was awkward and nervous but the laughing made up for it, Tony's body was not made for such activities when he was this weak. But funny enough the fact it wasn't perfect made Tony love Steve even more- Steve didn't need to be perfect- he was just Steve as well- the human. And Tony loved that side of him, the artist.
He started answering Ms. Potts just like he was meant to do. Rules made sense, rules were good, and T.O.N.Y. liked rules.
"Howard is responsible for the death of the late Tony Stark." Tony repeated. Steve didn't understand what he was hearing, Howard had killed Tony? His own son? That...that couldn't be right he had mourned!
"So be it." And with that Strange turned and exited from the washed out vision of Tony's. "I suppose you'll be getting answers soon." and with that, there was the familiar orange light and sparks coming from Strange's portal and he was gone. Something poked in the back of his mind....an alarm?
"I mean that, someone could have been messing with our heads from the beginning and we wouldn't have known..." She looked down a bit of genuine horror slipping onto her face. She was right, this was important. They would have to figure out what was happening. Someone was messing with their heads, and they needed to find out who. And they would need to figure out if it was happening to everyone or just them.
why did Tony shut down?" Clint asked out loud, and he was right? Why did Tony shu-"It's a law." Steve whispered softly.
But Peter did do what he was told, slipping off his terrible sweats and pulling on the new and improved suit, already hitting the small spider on the chest causing it to deflate around him. The roombas already moving forward and snagging the sweat pants and jacket pulling it towards the incinerator. This was finally happening, Tony was going to burn it.
Tony didn't have time though, but suddenly his head hurt and he fell backwards when something tugged at the back of his head. He was getting snapped back to the chair, the chair that held him captive. Something was restraining him, beyond the steel that had hissed open. Tony's stomach fell at the thought, and he brought his hands up behind his head,- when had his hands gotten so shaky?
"That man right there, that man is going to get us into the secret archives." Natasha let go of Steve all together and walking up, to where? Steve wasn't watching still watching Clint in disbelief, their messiest teammate, and that was including Thor and Bruce TOGETHER. Clint always had everyone beat in that department, and honestly Steve had seen him pull out half a taco from his pants, and eat it...that still haunted him to this day.
Like a moth being drawn by the light, Steve slowly meandered over to the latch, having to see it for himself...the hope...the hope that he didn't...he didn't...
"So you're saying that....destroying this dome shouldn't have done anything to Tony?" Sam asked out, his wings now easily tucked back into is pack.
W̵̨̡̧̧̧̢̧̧̡̡̨̢̨̡̢̧̧̧̨̢̛̮̭̬̤̫̩͎̠̼̘̗̞̯̤̬͚̝̞̟͍̲͍͎̠̦̬͎̻̯̩̪̩͓̲̗̖͎̰̱̙͍̗̬̠̲̮̘͖̙̫͔͓͓͕͓͔̭̙͔͓̹̲͔͚̰̞̘͙̜̤̺͉̦̩͈̙̞̪͈̺̟͓̖̲͉̟͈͚̮̥͖̰͈̯̱̞̯͕̗̹͎͍̦̟̫̖͖͎̥̝̝̰̣̳̭̣̗͍̱̼͓͔͉̗̘̞͔̲̻̙̭̝̻͇̭̭̠̜̰̦̳̥̩̝̙͉̖͍̭̯̥͍̫̻̤͔͚̼̪̻͚͚̖͖̲͔̞͇̣͓͙̻͖͖̻̗̟̤͇͉͕̗̜͚͈̺͕̺̮̫͓͚̺͍͙̰͇̩͍̫̻̫̭̲͙̫͖͕͙̤͇͓̖͖̙̪͇̲̼̺̟̻̯̭̣͍͍̫̺̘̦͖͉͍̫̗̻̦̖͖̫̥͉͓̤͖̮̬͕̝̺̰͍͊͛͑̓̌̓͑̊̽̐͌̈̀̽̊̃͒͐̒͒̿̍͋̊̆̾̇̓͗͋̍͗͛̄̐̌̍̈́́̾͆̊͗̄̒͂̍̒̔̄̊̾̂́̿͐͘̚͘̚͘̕̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅḩ̴̨̢̧̨̡̡̧̢̢̢̧̧̡̛̛̛̛̛̛͖͉̬̜̮͔̩̳͓̭̭͕͇̖͙͓̯̯͎̘̘͓͇̜̗͓̘̮̳͉͇̦͎̪̰̖̤͓̣̤̫͍̬̬̲͉͍̤̼̖̝̱̣̻͈͓̪̲̩̭̪̝̙͙̙͉̲͔͖̺̲͍̺̖͚̱̼̰̘̹̻̻̻̩͈̘̤̟͈̤̭̫̯̝̞̝̫̞̳͉̜̰͓̖͇͓̼͇̭̮̺͈̙̱̠̦̳̼̰̙̝̫̗̬͎̠̭̟̥͕̪̫̙͎͓̜̙̗͈͉̟̤̩͖͇̣̤̘̝͓͔̠̪̠̼̤̯̺̝̣̝̼͖͍̳̥͉͈͕̥̞̮̱̟̭̫̪̌̒͒͌̍̉͆̂̌̉̆̓̑̀̿͐̇̇͊͐̂͊̋̍̔̾͊̏͑̿͑́̾̍̓͒̌̇̄̐̉̈́̈̀͌͆̑̿̏̉̉̒̓̆͑͌́̓̔̃̋̓̌͒̑̿͋̈́̃̈́̑͋̒̈́̉̐͑̃͐͐̈̔͛͋̏̇̌̔̌͌̅̈́͗̌̽̐̓́͐̀̓͑͑͛̋̽̃̓̓̅͊͆̐̌̆̋̉͛̈̈̈́̇́͑̂̾̍͋͒͗̈́̄̀͑̋̾̀̔͒͂̓̓̃̀̅͐̓͊̀̅̆̎̈́̓̐̒͒̆̋̈̊̽͂͂͑̂͌̆͌̉͑̒̐̾͛̓̊̆̾͐̄̿̈́̓̈́̆̔͒̋̑̔͌̎͋͂̾̓̓͗̂̏̑͗̓͊̍̎̓͋̏̀̐͌́̉̆͂̔̀̄̌͌̈͘̕̚͘͘̚̚͘͘̕̚͘̕͘͘̚̕̚̚̚͘͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͠ͅͅͅȅ̵̢̡̡̨̢̢̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͚͎̳̟̦̺̪̱̜̙̠̟͖̘͉̯̘̣͈͇̯͓̹̱͓̮͙͙̰̭͎̫̰̝͍͙̭͇̞͚͚̱̜̥̺͎̘̖͉̘͔̱͈̻̫͇͕̤͚̠̹͚̯͔̠̦̤̳̓͆̍̃̇͂͛̾̌́̍͂̉̋̂̈́̿̊̆̌̍̾̒̈́̃͗̅̒̓̊͒͌̈́̾̒̒͗̍͒̂̊̍̈́͛̽͊̈́̈̆̎̽̉̑̈́̓͋͌̽͌̅̏͌͒͆̿͊̒̒̉̇̓̃̽͛̆̔̏͌̓̄͑̄͋̽̈́̐̋͑͗̂̉̆͌̔̄̀͑͗̓̅͑̆̅̊͗͗̓̽͂͆̇̍͆̂̎̎̒̉̄́̈́̽̔͌̉̅̾̆͋̊̌͆̑̀́͂̍̔͆̓͂̈́̈́̎̉͊̒͌̊͒̂͂͊͛̈́͂͐̏́̍̈́̽̇͂͛̄̾̃̓͌̆̅̽͋͒͆̔͑͐̽͐̾͆̑̊͂̀̅̈́͂̇̔̉̈́͂̈̃̓̽͊̍͒̈̐̿̓̄̒̍̏͌̈́͋̍̍̃͘̚͘̕͘̕̕̕̕̕͘̕̕͜͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͠͝r̶̨̢̛̛̛̪̞̩̰̮̫̦̬̪̃̃͋̑̌̈́͐̂̾͑͊̂͊̈́̍̃̈͒̔̑̄̇̾̈́̓͛̃͗̄̆̃̎͗̈́̈́͛͐͊͂̆̐̽͊̾́̄͆͐̎͂͆͋̀̀̎̀̉͊̐͆̓̍̊̌̄̀͗̍̋̈́̔̌̆̈́͆͂͗̆̀̈̒̓̐̈̓͌̽̊̈̊̓͛̄̉̋̿̌̉͗̽͌̂͆͂̄̏̍̈̓͛̒̆̀̀̐̄̃̓̿̏̅͘̕̕͘̕̕̚͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝ę̶̢̡̨̨̡̧̨̧̧̡̧̡̢̡̢̧̛̛̛̛̺̲̜̪̫͈̪͙̝̟̳̜̣̠̪̼̮͕̳̤͉̯̥͇̙͚̯̜̰̮͙͇̥͎͇͎͖̞͕̺͚̳͈͚͙̩̪͇̬̘̗̬̞͖̰̩̰̥̱̮̰̫̠̘̦͚̖̻̖̰͈̟̰̻̱͙̩̱̘̘͍͓̼̻͚͈̟̙̫̱̜͍̮̼̹̣̘̠̣̻̼̯͉̗̬̟̮͔͔͍̝͇̩͍͍̦̖̪̭̯̝̟̻̺̮͚͓̳̰͎͎͍̤̬̬̟̜̯̻̹̺̲̳̳͎̣͉͎̭̋͆̏̅̈́̊̑͛͂̀̋̂̇̓́̈̇̈́͌͋͋̽̍̄̈́̽̌̉͌̾̇̇̑̆͗̎́̅͂̽͊͛͑̎̑͒̍̇͒̈́͐̉̃̽̓͆̾̋̋̏̓̓͐͌̊̌̓̎́̏̾̍̾̋̄͌̒͑̋̐͒͊̓̈́̓͊̅̾̔̓͂̆͗͊̉̉͒͊͆̈́̃͆̀̾̍̆̀͂̓̋̈́͐̊̃̈́̏̀͗̋͗̈́͐̊̒̄̔͒̍̾̌͂̌̿͒̌͑̔̈́̏̽̈̉̈́̄́̍͐̅̽͆̑̒̈́̔̐̃͆̈́̈́̏͊̈̃̐̓̃͛͐̍͗͆̐̓̀͑̽͑̅̒̌̓͗̾͗͂̃͋͌̓͑͘̚̕̚͘̕͘͘̚̕͘͘̚͘̚̚̚̕̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͝ͅ ̸̢̡̡̧̡̧̢̡̧̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̰̫̗͖͎̹̺͈̪͓̜̳̗̘͎̤̮͓̹̭͇̦̘͕̣̲̘̤͓̠̺̥̻̰͚͔͎̰̻̮͚̩͇͇̜͈̯̮̟̖̙̻̗͇͖̬̹͍͖̖͍̯̗̣̖͍͈̗̲̩̤̞̜̟̗̘̺̥̘̪̦͓̰̤̠̠̪̝̯̪̏͆͒̆̆̎̓̋̇͑̔̈́̅͗̆̽͗͂͛͌̋̔̓̂͗̐̌̑͑̔̍̇̂͐̔̈́̈́̾̓̽̋̋͆͊́̏̐̿̓͌̀̈́́̈́͆̿̊͛͆͐̃͐͊̈́̈́͊̈̂̑̍̈́̽͛̂͐͒̍͋͆̆̓̎̑͆͂̍̒̇̅̃͊̇̾̈́̿̓̈͛̐̔̑̈́̎̈͋͆͊͆́̓̒͒͋͆̊͗͂̿̃́̏̔̓̓̏̈͂̽̈́̐̌̍̄̊̃̾͆̀̐̆̌͋͛͌͗͋̏̎͑̄̍̌̉̌͛͌̏̈͘͘̚̚̚̕̚̚͘̕̚̕͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͠͠͝͠͝ͅͅw̴̨̡̡̨̨̢̡̢̡̨̢̨̢̛̛̛̛̛͍̘̗͉̥̭̠̩̝̮̮̼͖̱̳̲͙͙͍̝͓̗͖̜̱̙̹̱̣̤̪̙̯͖̹̻̲̻̼͉͚̫͕̪̘͎͔͕̖̮̦̼̩͍̭̙̟̥̭̟̹̦̺̟̘̖̜̪̝͎̮͎̞̹͉̻͔̰͖̮̬̻̳̫̘͉̦͓͙̰̻̝͙̗̲̳̝͖͓̬̳̘̰̫̘̹̼͔̺̹̠͕̦̗͔̘̤̖̙̰̤̲̰̪͍͎͔̳̯͚̰͖̩̭͉͉̱̺͇͉̫̮̙͇̠̭̭͔̤̯̬̤̯̭̫̹͎͔͍͙̼̖̥̲͍̙̻̙̰͚͙̠͊̏̆̅̈́͆̔̂͗͗̿̒͒̈̊̉̓͛͑̏̔̈́͒͑͊̍̓̉̓͊̒͒͑̄͗̎̊̃̌̂̄̔̈̿̓̋̑́̂͐̎̓̂͑̒̇̊̍̐͐͒̽͗̂͆͑̂̈̿̋͊̃͑̔̐̎̉̑̈́̾̐̉̽͛̈́̄̾́̌̈́̔̈́̆͊̌͆͐͌̿͐̊̔̓̆̀̆̈́͗͂̄͋̓̋̋́͋̃̐͒̾̅͗͂̅͐́̆̾̈̐̂̊͗̇̑̎̀̑͒̈̐̾̂̈͆̾̽̓̎̈́̆̊̍̐̂͊͐̒̍̏̈́̽̄͊̑͗̂̿͛̄̑̄͌̈̐̉͛̐̍͒͛́͐͗̓̉͂̈̋̋͊͆̀̓̃̊͌̇̈̚̚̕̚͘̕͘̕̚̕̚͘͘͘̚͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅa̶̧̨̢̡̨̢̡̧̢̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̛͍̬̻̮̮̣̼̥̣͎̜̲̫̟͖̦̮͚̙͈̬̼̦̺̟̻̺̖̖͙̮͔̦̤͚̲͓̭̱͎͓̰̠̮͕͉̮̠̞͚̬̼̗̠̲̟̞̣̣̗̼͎̜̱͉̻͚͔̟͙͚̺̭͇͎̦̘̘̝͔̳̯̬̝̞̹̝͓͉͍͉̮͇̬͚̘̞͖̦̠̜̗͉̫̥̰̬̫̘̝̣̜̟̱̫̔̑̏̒̅̒͐̒͂͌̓̈́͐̋̓̀̀́̀͑̒́̉̌̒̔͑͋̾̈́͒́̌̿͑͌̅͆͑̐͑̔̓̓̏̋̍͋̅̅̒̿͐̇̎͆̐̈̈̓̽͋̂̑̍̈́͗̈́̒͊̌͒̔̉̆̃́̆̓̈́̅͌̂͊͐̓͂͌́̽͑͌͆͊̾̔͑͊͊̿̐̅̿̂̈̇͂̐̈͊̓͊̌̉̉͊͂͐̅͑͆͛̎́͗̃̉̄͒̈̈̾̄̾̓̂͑̚͘͘͘͘̚̚̚͘̚͘͜͜͜͜͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅs̴̢̢̧̢̢̨̧̺̪͙̰̩̗̬̤̰̥͚̼̲̙̥̗̦̬̟̬̩͕̰̳̘̫̼̺̞͕̳͙͎̱̭͎̖̤͔̰̟̪͉̯̻̭͔̩̻̤̝̲̗̪̖̯͕̺͕̻͇̝͈̞͖͙̮͔̫̘̰̝̥͕͎̺̦̳̻̟͍̰͇̙̘̩̱̫͕̥̻͎͕͖̞̫͔̫̞̘̪̗̣͍͚͕̥̣͚͚̘̹͎̺̹̏͌̔̆̈́̆͗̿̾̄̍̄̆̊͋͒̇̄̑́͑̋̌̊̎̂͊̔͑̓̊̕̕͘͜ͅͅ ̴̧̨̢̡̛̛͍̤̮̺̠̫̺͕̼̟̠̤̞̪̭̪̘̹̥̳̞̘͖͇̟̠̺̝̫̦̋͂̌͗̃̎̄͊́̂̐̈́̍̓́̓́̂̿̎̌̏̿̎̄̎̈́̒͐̓͌̆̑̈́̄̈̊̄̋͑͑͌͒̾̈́̒͌̄͌̇̈́͌͑̿̋̊̇͑͛͒̾͌̆͌̊̿̏͊͐̆̑̍͑̿͗̈́̎̾̐̉̊̈̾̉̍̓̍͐̈́̊̀͊̈͊͑̏͌̍͂̀̌̀͒̏̿͒̀̄̓̒̎̿̈͊̔̇͐̎̓͗̀͑̈̕̚̚̕̚̕̕͘̚͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝ͅͅͅh̴̢̢̨̧̨̡̢̢̧̧̨̡̡̢̢̨̧̢̛͍̯̟̳̪̥̙͎̲̥̘̱̮͎̯̱̤̟̤̜̰̲͖̩̝̳̹͍̪̭̞̘̳̱̝͍̳̱̞̬̱̻̭̫̺̫̪͉͚̥̭̤̞̞͚̟̝̹̤̰͍͚̭̤̣͍̣̲̱͍̞̮̰̻̰̰̙̜͍̙͍̺͙̻͔̜̮̪̺̭͇͎̙̰̮̜̳̻̠̭͉̠̭̮̹̜͇͓̹̖̭̠̳̞̳̪͚͉͈̯̰̻͙͚̲̹̣̜̟͚̹̩̥̠̜͍̯̘̪̘̟̫̪̱̖͕͇̙̗̺̻͕͓̲̤̜̝̠͓͔͈̞̫͓͕̜͕̮̜͎͙̹̜͍͚̯͕̟͉̜͕͙̼͔̟͇̼̜̥̞̹̟̹̱͓͔͔͈͓̑̐͑̋̾̈́͐̓̄̐̇̈́̇͆͌̍̂̌̅͒͂́̈́͊͊̋̈́̔̓͌̔̓̀̈́͆̓̆̅̉͋͌̈́͂̓̆͒̔̾̓͊̕̚̚̚̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅȩ̸̨̨̧̡̡̧̨̨̨̨̢̡̡̨̢̡̧̧̧̡̢̨̧̡̢̨̨̢̢̢̢̧̛̜̣̩̩̬̼̤̞̲͇̖̘͉̗͚̜̞͙̘̥̗͇͔̟̬̻̬̱͚̬̦͔̪̗̣͈̦̩͔͍̫̤̩̠̹̯̥̖̱͚̠͖̤̬͚͈̤̖͔̲͙̱͕̜̻̭͕͇̺̠̻̖̗̥͉͈̮̳͎̙͔͔̜͍̻͓̺͓͇͈̮̞̬͎̤͓͙̤̝̱͕̝̼͔̦͎̫̘͈̳̺̟͖̯̺͎̘͕̲̲̻̤͔͇̻̜̗̫̞̖̱͙͓̜̗͍̺͕̲̝̱͍͓̜̫̬̲͚̹̭͚̝͎̥͎͖̥̙͕̯̯͇̮̗͎̩͚̝̰̟̟͔̥̺̞̬̺̥̹̫͕̺̭͓̣̺͔̬̤͖͖͎̲̟͈͕̯͖͚͙̤͍̝̻̼̞͉̤͕̩͓̙̦̻̞̟͑̃̉̓̈̇̔̀̂̈́̉͗͂͒̀̌̀̈́̈́̏̑̋̄̀͑̂̀͋̊̐̓̄́̔̐̈́͋̍̌̆͌̈̅̆͗̆̀̓͆̄̌̓̅͑͋̄̓̀͒̃͑̅̄̔͌͑̋̇̊̒̔̓̈̋̓́̈́̃́̍̈̂̅̚̕̕̕̚̚͘̚͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅ?̸̨̢̡̧̡̨̡̧̨̨̨̧̢̡̛̘̟̯͖̝̳̱̝̠̟͈̭̘̝̹̺̗̭͇̳̹͙̣̙͍̤͍̟̖̦̣͎̥̱̥͈͚͇̼̣͙̣̫͇̘̺̙͍̱̳̭̻̘͎̻͎̳͎̙̹͙̤̩̩͉͚̰̪̪̥̹͓̖͍̮̦̺̺̱̱͔̮̹̪͓̪̬̻͔̣̰͖̩͓̼̘̪̗̼̠͕͕̫̦͙̭̞̞͙̪̫̖̺̼̼̦̙̜̠̬̪̩̯̰̑̅͒̀̽̍̋͑̐̈́͋͑́̌̂̈͑̓̋̑̐͗̊̌͒̋̇̊̌̂͒̑̑̏̓͒̂̍̂̆̅̌͊̂̋̄͗̄̔͒̈́͆̀̎̊̅̈́̏̾̄̀̑̋̄̎͂̀̇̈́̀͊̾́̕̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅ
"There's no blue prints or anything?" Sheesh, sometimes Clint surprised him with how slow he could be.
Natasha bounced back on the couch with a small laptop this time, and handed it off to Clint, who simply took it after wiping his hands on his boxers, and ew. Natasha then leaned down to move Clint in the right programs to use on the laptop. This was it...they lost their lead. There was no hope of ever finding answers. Their mission for answers was over. Natasha had lost it. Natasha then turned to Steve with an unimpressed look.
Tony's first step towards answers was the secret lab he had been created in, but he doubted searching through Shield Archives would be as easily forgiven as it was before. Damn if only he had read more!
15% Wait....wait...this was wr01101111 01101110 01100111 What!? Was downloa01100100 01101001 01101110 01100111 00001101 00001010
"Well look...this dome...this metal? It has no actual wires connected to it, it's all show....There is no actual electricity running through this dome?" Bruce slowly scooted to the right and slipped through the bent metal Steve had pried open earlier. Steve slowly inched closer, it felt...so so wrong getting closer to the dome. He had done this....he had hurt Tony.
The name Stark tied him to Howard and what a curse that was in itself. He wanted freedom, he didn't want these anchors pulling him down and telling him how he couldn't be good or do anything right since he held the legacy and blood of Howard Stark.
"Okay kid get inside the window will open." Peter just making loud sounds of awe pushed the window open and easily closed it behind him, looking around in wonder.
Tony could just feel the exasperation throughout himself, he could be such an ass sometimes, even fucking dead emotioned AI him could still be a sarcastic shit.
He couldn't move! There was....restraints...bonds holding him in place, he couldn't...couldn't...what was...
"Bruce, it's time to wake up" he stated fondly as the lights swelled in brightness to try and gently ease the scientist into the world of consciousness.
Tony couldn't believe this, if someone had told him a month ago he would be carried around by a young man then he would have laughed at the poor delusional asshole. And yet here he was...being carried by the young spider boy...what had Tony's life come to.
"Because I...wanted the choice." the pause made it different, he sounded..unsure, almost lost. As if he had emotions...but did he? He did delete that law, Steve wasn't sure anymore.
That did make sense...but...to think Rhodey wasn't going to be involved with the Avengers at all made Tony's stomach twist a little, well if he had had a stomach that was. But at the same time this was good, to think that everything had just worked out perfectly without him really didn't necessarily feel good.
"You worthless pile of shit! I said get UP!" The world was suddenly upside down as Sir dragged Tony up by the arm and Tony could feel as he pulled him onto a operating table.
"Becuase I have the answer as to why your dreams and memories have been messed up, and I can get you out of here."
Tony's eyes were shut and he knew he was in the dark? Was he hiding? If he kept his eyes closed would nothing else come to get him? Would he be finally finally alone?
"We....we can't...we can't move him." Steve whispered....there was no way...his Brain was cut into pieces...Bruce was good but Bruce was no brain surgeon.
"It's Stark! That's the difference!" She emphasized, but seeing Clint's dumbfounded scowl made her elaborate.
"I have a gift for you." Peter looked down at his phone following the navigation, then landing on a roof and skidding to a stop,
There was static all over in his words, Steve couldn't even understand what Tony was saying anymore. It was so loud and broken and drowning in static, but                                    Steve could still understand that it was filled with pain. And suddenly it was just static and then silence. The lights on the dome going out, Tony was....gone...
The first time T.O.N.Y. felt this other presence was yesterday. It made no logical sense, and quite honestly did not compute with any of his previous data. It....was something new, foreign. T.O.N.Y. had never had a virus before, he was smarter than that, but he could compute that this was probably what it felt like. Except there had been no hack, no intruder, just....suddenly it was there. It was almost as if it had appeared during an update. But it didn't feel bad...well...until it started to mess with his coding.
Howard was just another Goliath in his way, and Tony was a David, smart enough to build himself a sling shot. It didn't matter if Howard had ruined Tony, Tony wasn't just going to become what he wanted, he wasn't going to bear that burden. He was Tony, not Stark, not the Merchant of Death,
"What? What is it? What did you find?" Steve asked as he sat down leaning over to see the screen as well.
Tony suddenly became to aware of the long and invading tube down his throat. Tony felt choked all of a sudden, he could feel the tube inside his throat and while it seemed familiar to the point that the brushing of the tube against the back of his throat reminded him to much of that
Tony snorted again, he liked AI him's humor. It reminded him of JARVIS...he missed that sassy British computer. Vision was good...but he wasn't JARVIS.
"Hold on here! Are you telling us that you meddled with our lives but wont tell us who or why and are insulting us for asking?" Sam asked, Steve glanced over and he could see the simmering anger he felt himself.
45% Why couldn't he th01101001 01101110 01101011 00001101 00001010 His hea00100000 01100100 01101000 01110101 01110010 01110100
Oh that was helpful, Tony could get that prepared for him in the morning. Tony never stayed with Bucky, in fact the last he saw of him was when he had blown off his metal arm in Siberia. Back when...Steve...
Steve slowly started heading towards the elevator, he didn't have his shield on him, and what a dumb move that had been, reaching a steady but silent hand out he realized with sinking horror; the power was out.
They sat down on the comfy couch and Natasha quickly bundled herself up in a blanket looking at the T.V. she sighed and then looked up at the camera slowly.
"Clint! Stop popping up on me!" Steve didn't have time for this! He just wanted to know what was happening!
"Clint....I know this is a common room for all Avengers, but please...consider wearing pants?" Clint raised an eyebrow and looked down at himself, and with an unimpressed look he shrugged. And there he went, continuing his eating of his pizza slice.
He could hear Bucky choke as the light swung down to look at the large old smears of blood on the floor. Smears that told of someone trying to walk, and being dragged back. Steve slowly walked forward towards the sheets of medical dividers, as the other Avengers started spreading out to look around. Slowly reaching out a hand and grabbed hold of the divider and pulled the sheet back with a screeching squeal of the metal scratching on the floor.
Natasha nodded but then put on a focused look on her face, which really only consisted of her eyebrows furrowing.
"Look, Howard was a paranoid person, he never wrote anything down when he made Tony and when he died, all information about Tony went with him." And that was even less surprising.
Steve shook his head clear, and the strange vignetting at his peripheral vision seemed to get stronger.
Tony couldn't help the small huff, of course that kid saved his ass, Peter was always the best of them all.
He needed to get on the Shield database, that would know...that would have more information. Tony's eyesight flickered again. He watched as coding scrolled over his eyesight for the Shield database. Entering a new code Tony watched as multiple files started to pop up. Howard Stark on most of them...right Tony was a kid...he wouldn't have much of a presence on the Shield database, but Howard....Howard would. Tony started to filter through the junk and the important information.
And suddenly the blissful darkness was back...he was hiding again. He...he wanted to keep hiding, until Jarvis would come and make it all good again, Jarvis would tuck him in again and give him a hot chocolate and read him a story at the edge of his bed, and despite his voice being proper and polite, it was never clinical.
"There was only Mr. Stark, Mr. Stane, and now Ms. Potts, only the CEO's have been given information about Tony." Natasha stated, that...made sense.
"Tony, I have a couple questions for you, will you answer them?" Pepper crossed her arms looking just as intense as when Tony used to be caught in those drinking binges.
"You can not, or will not?" Natasha asked slowly, leaning forward, oh, she was already in interrogation mode.
"But you were made after Tony's death. And Maria isn't considered a real Stark, even I know that, only the press used Stark for her. She still went by Carbonell most of the time." Steve blatantly said gaining confidence as he spoke.
Howard did not control his life in his world, he would not in this one either. Tony flickered to that same coding screen as the Avengers started to suit up for their mission. Tony could basically feel the pokes in his mind telling him to get back to the Avengers but...he had better things to do, like free will. What was the point of being an AI if he couldn't even use that to his advantage.
Really it had been Tony that had perfected it when he had been trapped in Afghanistan. But that did put a question on things...was Howard able to perfect the arc reactor on his own in this world? Or had AI tony done this? No...not possible. If the Arc reactor was attached to the actual System it would have had to be implicated from the beginning. Meaning Howard, unless seven year old him had been smart enough to make one? But even that seemed a bit far off.
Ȩ̵̨̡̨̨̧̨̨̧̨̧̧̧̢̢̡̨̛̭̝̥̜͍͉̼̭̯̱̰̰̻͔̯̣̼̩͎̰̦͇̼̬͈̲̰̝̫̫̫̞̜͓͓̹͕͎͓̦̗̫̻̭̬̖̹̰͎̣͈̥͇̦̭̥͇̺̹͇̦͓̹̫̲̰̭͍̟̟̠̱̫̝͖͎̫̗̤͚̥̼̩̯̘̲͎͔̪͎̤̬̙͖͇̖̭̬̹̫̦̺͖͍̺̖͖͈̮͍̮͔̖͙̠͈̳̺͔̞̟͇̳͎̖̺̱͇̥̦̖̲̜̳͖̩̼̙͔̗̻͉͎̥̥͕̻̃͊̋͊́́̽̅̃̐̏̽̋̊̽̏̽̾̋̔͛̃͂̎̈́̿̉͊̎͋̿͒͗̀̌̐͌̆̍̑̏̿͛͌̀̍͐̈́̇͗͌̐̇̈́̒̀̒͛̇͆͊͂͗̈́͆͑͆̈̍̐̓̈͑̿̏͒́̿̈́̑̈͑̀͑̌̽͌̈̃́̈́̐͆͌̅̔̐̈̐̒̏̈́̒͑́̈͗̎̆̒̈́̒̅̇̀̄͗̆̒̈́́̒̇͌̎̒̉̆͐͂̋̎͊̋͛̉̌̂͐͗̈́̓̂͂̄̈́̌̀̇͌̀̆̉̚͘͘͘͘̕̕̕̕̚͘͘̚̕̕̕̕͘̚͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͠ͅṞ̸̢̨̨̧̨̢̢̧̭̩̠͍͔͇͖̮̤͕̩̫͖̜͉͉̜̝̟̰̹͖̗̪̳̳̦̗̭̥͚͈̤̗̠͇̞̗̝̯̜͍̻͈̯͙͓̺͉̪͉̫͓̻͈̥̣̥̺͖͍̟̺̙̲̮̼͇̗͇̩̪̹̻̬̟̭̖̯̤̣̰͖̱͍̫̱͇̲̹̭̟̲̇̂͑͐̄̂́̈͂͆̓͒̏͋͆͗̃̌̀̂̋̾͑̈̓͂̑̓̇̑͑͌́̆͂̇͒͆̌̓͐̊̀̉̄̓̄̈́̀̆̈́͋̅̌̇̑͆̅̈͋̓̀̕̕̚̚̕̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅȐ̵̢̢̨̡̨̡̡̧̨̡̡̢̧̨̛̛̛̗̰̣̻͎̹͎̣̲̠͔̳̙̝͕̣̣͓̝͇͉͈̝̳̦͍̻̼̺̙̘̘̘͍̼̥̟͚̘̙̝̥̪͔̘̤̗̳͔̳̥̮̺͉̻̬͚̙͇͉̺̣͙̙̘̲̼̪̙̰͇̪̬̪͔͈̗͇̤͎͔̙̼̟͍̣̪͎͕̼̠̟̜̠̱͇̦̦̭̪̺̗̦̣̝̺͙̣̮̖̭̳̜̝̼̔̈́̃͐̾̐̓̈́̉̈̃̒͑̈́̉͗̍̓̒̊̊̌̅͒̅̄̈͐̓́̆̒̾̾̈́̄̇̈́̌̆̍̿̍̈́̈́̏͌̑̄́͊͗̄̊͐̆̍̈̆̈̂͑̀̀͋͐͊͒̂̓̈́̄̄̇̂̋͗͆̉̓͂̽̽̔̅̆̾̽͐́̈́̓̂̊̈́͐̎̃͌̿̒͂̉̑̆́̈́̔͒̋̂̎̊̊͋̔̐̅̐́̑͗͗̆̅̋̍̄̃̑̋͛͌̽́̋̊̓̒̑͑͒̂̚͘̚̕͘̕̚̕̕̚̕͘̕̕̚͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠Ô̸̢̨̧̢̢̡̡̡̨̢̧̧̡̧̨̢̧̨̨̢̭̤͇̥͙̦̥͙̜͖̯͇͈̬͚̭̯̠̭̝͖̖͉͈̳̗̯̗͕̮̫̺͙̪̻̲͍̗̹͔̣̙̤̭̩̼͎̝̩͈̠̜̣̠̦͎̣̹̝̙̥͓̩̱͍̥̗̺̰͍̺̣͚̝̟̱̠͉̖̹̣̱̩͕͔̖̥̺̼͓̪̞̩̬̻͇̮̙̤͖̠̲̲̙̥̜̘̝͚̩̥͍̞͉̪͙͖̟̘̪̝͉͚͕͉̪̼̠͓̤̳͙̻̠͍̗̩̪̦̂̃͆̔͊̽͂̆̈́̆́̈͂̇͌̐̂̔͊̑̒͂̈́̍͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅR̸̡̨̧̢̡̢̡̡̢̛̛̦͉̰̺͉̣̯̖͉̥̝̣̼̰̺̬͕̥͈̯̣̣͖͚̱̞̗̙̼̪̲̗̲̙͎̯̼̹͚̬̠̺̫̪̣̻̣̙̤͓̭͙̱̜̟̩̱̩̺̳̗̫̻̬̤̼̭̞̗̥̠̟͎̜̺͉̺̳͉̭̫̱͇̫̼̬̹̰̲̭̫̜̼̦̺̯͖̤̭̦͚̩͙̣̲̹͔͍͇̯͍͕͍̬͙̫͉͕̤͖̦͚̯͓̼̣̙̻̠͍̹͚̂̎̄͛̌̿͑̒̀̀̈́̈́̓͗͑̋͑̄̅̇̉̇̉́̉͗͗̇̎̈̐̌̏̈́̆̌̆͊̍̃̑̉̑̃͊̏̽̂̉͌̇̊͆̊͋͂͌̾̍͐̽̔͋̒̔̉́̄͗̉̒̀̇̑͂̆̓̒͛̐̒̓͒͊́̒̅̈̈͌͊͊̏́̒̆̄̽̉͆̀̽̊̂̓͒͐̋̊̋̇̊̈́̾̒͑͗̿̂͘͘̕̕̕̚̚̚͘̚̕̚̚̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅ
"THAT'S THE DIFFERENCE!" Steve screamed out, the exhilaration he felt was beyond description. THEY HAD FIGURED IT OUT!
"So it's probably Howard's finger print we need right?" Clint asked as he squatted down next to Steve as well. Steve shifted to look away from the hypnotic light, and well shit didn't that put a damper on things...
Steve had to shake his head at that. There was those weird dreams about the fake battle of New York.
It was like the world had tilted on him, and his center gravity was slightly to the left now making him struggle so hard to be...normal..."
Tony supposed it was becuase Dad never listened to the electricity. He didnt listen to the soft hums and pleas of desire, electricity knew where to go, it knew how it wanted to form and when Tony asked politely it would tell him how he needed to build it to work, the electricity would whisper how to make the perfect puppet for it to spread it's limbs in.
0̸̢̡̧̢̢̡̧̡̛̛̛̛̝͙̫͎̹̞͔̦̜͚̰̺̪͓̖̺̲̠͉̮̟̩͓̤̠̬̩̗̯͕͔͎̼̣̫̻͎̻̫͉̰͉̙̫̪̖͖̬̝͚̝̳̠̣͈̼̮͚͚̳͖̹̦͙̞̭̟͓̰͚̣̪̘͕̗͓̯̲͇̩̹̹͋͒̊̇̃͋̅͐̊͐̐̄̅̽͂͋̏̋̌̽̓̓̆̌͋͛̄̋͋̒̐̓̎̓͐̎̈̓͋͗͋̆̔̈́̌̾͆̉͊͐͐͋̐͐̓͑̽̏̃͛͆͌̋̄̽͒͆̄̓̍̈́̾̌̿̓̂̇͑̿͐̊̎̆͂̄̿͒̈́͛͑̅̆̀̍̀͋̓̎̈̓̈́͒̾̋̏̓̂̓̋̈́̊̉͊͛̽͌͂̋͐̔͋͒̾́̉͋̉̈͛̇̋͑͘̕͘̚̚͘͘͘͜͠͝͝͠͝͠͝ͅ1̷̡̢̢̨̨̨̨̢̢̛̛̛̛̺̣̼͔̪̮͉̗̮̫͈̻̭̖̱̜̖͙̬̪͕̳͉̤͈͔͉̙̱̼͓̗̱̩̝̞͇̘̦͔̭̜̜̮͍̺̯̼̳͔͕̹̭̘͎̟͎̲̫̹̠̳̭̳͇̤̜̦͎͖͍̺̙̳̰̰̲̜̼͍̙͓͔̗͚̘̙͈̗͚̤͈̘̖̹̰͍͇͕̼̖̘̠̜̰̪̠̥̘̹͓̝̼̥͓̤͍̞̥̓̾͑͑̐̊̆̃̾̌͌̄̓̀̈́̽̊̅͋̽͗̑͐̈́̉̋̃̊̓̐̃͆̔͂̈̆̋͒̔̆̅́͂̈͐̒̈́͂͐͑̋̉͐̓͋͒͋͐̈̂̄͗̽͋̐̏͂͛̒̈́̽̋̂̎̈́̏͌͛͆̾̈́͌͑̏̈́̅̿́͒͒͂͂̾͒̎̈́̈́̾̓̚̕͘͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅ0̴̨̢̧̧̨̧̧̡̧̨̡̡̨̨̧̢̧̨̨̧̧̨̢̢̪͇̣͈̳̭̯͓͖͎͎̻̦̰͍̩̞̝̼̖̲̗͙̮̭͚͍͓̖̝̤̫̳̖̖̭̟͔̺͉̻̯̖̖͓͍̝̬̯̹̟͇̜̳̱̙̤̼͖̰͈̱͈̘̮̼͍̯͓̗̮̠̗͕̱͉̟̻͇͖͎͓̯̼͈̙̱̥̦̠̤̳͈̗͉̤̰̙̬̮̫̦̤̻̙̣͙̺̜̭̦̜͍̯͓̮̜̭̥̮̠̼̬̖͕͓͎̻̙̬͕̩̬̗̝͙͎̬̝̯͎͈̣̱̬̲̦͓̺̱̺̤̺͉̥̺͓̼͉̼̬͙̳͙̠̳̹̱̼̠̳̺͚̗̙̝̞̠̭̹͓̠͍̹̝͉̙͔̩̟͎̯̯̖͕̗̥͍͉̞̜̠͇͎̮̝̭̻̘̟̈́̿̊̅̅́̎̈́̍̇͒̿̃̅̑̃́̍̐̾̿͒̌̈́͒̓̓̈̅͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅ0̶̡̛̛̛̘̤͚̩͙͔̥͈̱͍̰͎̯̭̟̫͍͖͖̙͈͔̮̪̫̭̼̬̹̳͎̲̬̱̬͇̬̙̰̺̙̳͎̳̂͗̒̄͋͊͋̈̈́̆̉̏̋̌̌̈̈̒͐͐͗̈́̅̏̿̾̈́͋̈́̽̑̿͒̊̓̀͋̓̉̒̐̐͐̇̈́̋̈́̑̏̏͛̒̉͊̽̃́̽̾̀̆́̐͗̋̇̃͒͂͆̿̈̽̑̒́̎̔̎̇̌̊͗̐̽̊̔͌̌̀̅̌̍̈́̇̀̿͆͒̓̂̿̂̽̈́̇̊̏̈́̃͂̃͌͊̈́͆̓̈̆̎̀͛̍͛͊̽̓͊̋̊̕̚̚̕̚͘̚͜͜͠͠͝͠ͅͅ0̸̨̨̧̨̢̢̨̨̛̛̛̝̠̭̱͇̙͇̬͙̰̥̜̙̗͚͚̫̤͇͚͔̻̬͍̯̩̖̯̝̝̱̯̫̮̥̳̱̫̼̬̪̘̥͉͔͖̳̥̬̳͚̹̟͕̩͚̝̜̱̲̬̮̦̦̙̣̟̥̖̺̟̳̞͉̥̞̣̼̳̄͆͊̈̾̿͑̂̎͗̊̑̇̾͑̀͆̾̓͑̌̂͗̉͛̈́͆̌̆̉͋̍̇͗͛̔̒̽̂̒̽̐̒̃̀̾̈́͒͗̌̈̀̅̃̌̓̊̓̾̎̉͗͗̆͂͑̅̐̂̆̎͂̃̑̀͗̈̔̇̓̈́̃̓͋̒͒̑̀̉́̊͒̃̃̓̏̾́̑̇̆͌̌͑̓̿̒̐͑̀͒͋̑̐̓̑̈́̈́̅̒̈̈́͒͊̽̀͊̀͐̓̓̾͊̾̈̆͊͐̔̄͑̔̃̏̓̎͐̆͆̽̉̐̏̌̾́̔͑̅̔̅́̋̒̎̊͗̓̋͗̍͌̊͐̒̎̎́͗̿͛͒͊̓̏̋̆̽͊̈́̏͛͂́̈́̉͋̔̀͒͌̓͆͛̓̽̃͋̾͐͗͐̏̌̎̆̆͊̾̾̓́̀͘͘̕͘̚͘͘͘̚̚͘̕͘̕̚̕͘͘͘͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝ͅͅ1̶̡̡̡̧̢̧̧̨̡̢̡̢̨̡̡̨̧̧̧̨̡̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̩̟̰̜̲͓͕̞̟̠̩̞̯̘̘͖̣̗̳̲͇̠̜̘̝̙̼̘̦̞͖͔̭͎̩͇͍̱̥̱̪̩̤̼̰͇͎̲̜͕̹͙̩͈̣̰̭͔̟̼̻̺̼͓͈̹̞̤͙̟̝͈̙̳͉̖͙̪̹͍̙͓̬͉͎͚̜̮̘̠̮̩͇̮̯̺̣̞̪̱̦͎̺̪̻̥͖͖͇̪͉̬̠̪̘̘̗͖̘̞̯̦͚̭͈̰̙̩͉̻͉̬̗̤͕͉͙̭͇͓̹̱͍̯̮͍̪̤͙̗̲͈͈̼̻̫̭̻̯̼̜̬̜͍̰̝̝̯͖̬̑͌̾̽͆̒̂̊̀͑́͊͒͊͆̈́̒͒̈͋͋̅͆͒͗́̌̓̌͋̾͆̐̆̃̌͆͋͛́̈́̐͛̔̄̄̈́̀͒̽̄̓͒̒̉̃̎̂̈́̌͗̉͌̋̊̉̆̏̓̋̍̒̈́̽̃͆̿̐͑̊͌̄̊̃̓̾͑̌̄̈́͋͒͛̒̃͂̇̾͋͊̎̎͋̌̅̀̒͆͒̓̄̓̈́̏̐̍̉͆̈̈́͌̊̿̓͊͋̄̄͌̍͒́̑̈́̓̀̇̾̏̓̍͆̓͗̅̓͗͂̌̋͘̕̕͘̚͘̕̕̚͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͠ͅͅͅ0̴̡̢̧̧̡̡̢̡̛̛̻̭̼͖͍͉̞͙̺̦͕̠̱̳̥̝͓̻̱͚͍͕̬̝̳̰̞̘̘͇̥̰̯͕̊̏̏̈͋͋̐̇̾̽̏̀̈́̋̌́̾̊̈́͌͂̃̅͗̽̿̌̈́͒̏͂̑̏͆̑̏͛̆̊̔̓͗̓̃̈́̾̈͗̀̇̓͆͑͌̊̄̕͘̕̕͜͜͝͝͝͝͝1̴̨̧̢̨̡̡̨̡̡̢̡̢̧̢̛̛̛̱̜̝͉͕̣̪̳̪̰͇̳̺͓͇̰͍̤̮̳̯̫͉̩̪̮̠̲̭̪̞͔̠̹̟̺͎͔̰͈̣͖͍̪͈̖̞̬͎̻̜̖͈͙̦͇͚͉͙̪͉͖͕͉͔͚̼̳̫̭̫͕̫̜̰̻͖̯̘̲͙̘̻̗͍̮͇̮̱̲͚̳̱̩̗̙͍͔͕̪̭̘͈̼̦̝͈͔̩̜͔̯͙̻̫͉̟̬̳̖͕̻̮̻͍̩͕͖̮̥͔͕̜̳͖͚̜̳̝̠͍̟͔̙̲̝̜͈͔̖̣̺͕͖͕̤̯̙͚̞͓̙͓̳̼̩̆͒̌̋͆͛͋̀̉͛̉́͌̄͌̈́̿͌̅̉̂̽̐̍̓͂̎̑͂͆̕͘͘̚͘̕͜͝ͅͅͅ ̴̢̢̨̧̨̧̧̧̨̧̡̛̦̠͇̥̤̳̳͕̯̱̰̜̘̯͖̱̻̥̦̺͚͈̺̰̪̪̟̟̲̠̥̖̣̹̲̭̟̝̤̻͈̩̟̖̩̫̭̫̼͈̬̹̯̹̩̠̘̫̲͉̙̱̻̼̠̦̲̩̰̳͚̹̲̰̼̙̤͕̰͓̼̺̹̪̭̜̥̪͓̲̻͎̙͓̬̝̻̹̩̦̗͖͔̬͙̰̊̃̇͂̓̓̿͗̓͊̍̔̎̒́̐̿͂̔̃̋̆͂̽̈͋͛̀̔͋̈̄̾̉͆̾̄̄͆͊͂͗̍͌͒͂̔̏̆̑̐̃̄̕͘̚̕̚̕͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅ0̷̧̧̨̨̧̡̨̧̢̢̢̢̨̛̛͍̱̳̦͖͉̖͙̮̗̗̳̹̬̬̳̟̳̳̮͍̱͔̬̩͍̳̰̲̹͙̱̤̱̱̞͚̣͈̦̝͍̫̮̣̗͈̮̺̺̬̯̠̦̖̘̪̥̤̖͓̠̮̱̠̹͍̤͍͓̰̳͓͔̦͔͔͓͖̬̭̪̭̖͚̱̻̟̺̱̘͚͕̬͇̻͔̠̹̻̘̥̙̯̝̣͕̩̗͚̼̪̬͈̞͙͕̺̩̟̲͓͎̞̲͚̬̩̭̲̘̥̟̻̤̹̞̬̜̪̤̙̯̝̬̮̹̟͕͎̲̥̱̬̻̮͓̜̹̣͔̙̞̜̩͖̝͓̳̰̯̺̜͇̫̣̝̠̠̭̝̥͒̄́̎͋́̔̈́̄̃̾͆͋͑̋̐̏́͊̈́͌̌̋̀̎͆̉̈́̑͊̏͋̍͛͋͒̋̆̅̋̃̋́̔̄̎̃͘̕̕̕͜͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅ1̵̨̢̧̡̧̨̧̢̨̢̡̡̢̡̨̛̛̛̱̺̫͎̞̣̫̻̰̤͚͇̹͉͙̮̮̘̹̝̺̥̣͚͓̮͇̫̰̥̯̘̝̩͍̫̙̗̥̻̦͚̟̲̻͚̯͚̰̦̹̮̻͇͖͉̙̺̙̝̺͍͚̗͉̰͉̭̯͓̯͉͕͙̰̦͚͈̮͕͎̥͚͚̼̰̯̱͇̯͚̼͉̼͈̻̪̳̼̪̼͚̰̰̯̭͎̥̥̝͖̙̙̞̤̤̬̥̥̙̹̫̥͉̯̭̙͕͖̙̦͚̯̗̪̮͚̤̘͇͖̱͕̰̣̖̠̗̠͔͎͈̓̀̇̏̆̆̅̿̍̃̈́͐̔̌̉̈́̄̀̂̆̈́̋̀͗̓̅͋̌̆̿̿͗̀͋̐̍̍͌̂̍̅̆͗̋͊̈́̽̿̃̓̈̆́͌̀͆̄͗̈̈́̑́̉̊̆͆̐̈͛̌͌̆̀̃̅͐̏̋͛́̅͐͛̈́͛̿̋̇̎̏̽̿͒̔̒̔̐̾̊̍̓̉̄̇̐̄̄̌͒̆͊̊̋͂̌͐͊̄͊͒̌̒̊́̀̑̾̔̎̋͌͑͌̒͆̐͐͌̆͊̐̔̓̀͗͌̂̈͑͂̓́̓͗͒̈́͑̋̓̋͆̄͂̎͗̀̍̃̽̌̅͘̚̕̚̚̚͘͘͘̚͘͘̕̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅ0̷̨̧̢̨̨̡̢̢̢̨̧̨̧̢̢̡̨̧̧̡̨̨̢̛̛̛͈͎̰̟̝̟̟̬̟̩̱͙͓̲͙̮͈͈̞̱̥̜̟̟͖͇̮̭̠͍̼̬̮̫͇͔̙̯̗̤̼̬̟͕̞̬̱̼̭͎͓͕͓̞̠̙̝͍̟̭̻̫̮̺̩̺̬̠͇̙̺̞̘͉̦̪̹͍̭͚̯̣̰̬̯̭̝̗͓̰̠͉̖͖̳̲͍̣̬̜͕̯͔̥͖̭̩̥̬̪͙̖̠̙͖͍̞͕̖̙̣̘̠͓̞͎̭̥̮͕̹͉̫̙̫̼̥͕̝͖͚̫̠̠̳͇̰̻̟͙̣̻̭͚̰̤̹͎̦̪̤̮͖̙̗̤͚̗̗̦͍̮̠̠͍͍͓̹̟̦̇̐̓́͒̈́̇̈̽̾̐͂̈́͋̅͛̂̓̍̓̃̎̄̒̍̉̆̏̍͋̊̈̌̒̊͌̊̉̉̿̅̊̆̑̐͌̌͛̓̈̒̊͂̑̑̅̔̂̐̅͑̿́̇͛̒͛̾̆̇̃̿̈͛͋̈̋̋̉̑̓̒̋̈̍͋̓̋̆͗͒̐̈͌̈́̇́͒̈̆̉́́͌̄̍̒̋͒̍̌̽̆̈́͋͒̆́͐̓̄͋́͊͗͛̈́̂͒̊̇̅̾̌̑̉̎̇̊̒͑͒̑̑̊̈́͆̒͒̽̾̀͐̏̆̐̇̍̔̉̉͋̃̔̌̓͒̓͗͐͊͆̈́̃͐̅̇͗̂̓̓̓͌̓͑͑͐̏̀̇͛̈́͌̎͛̈͂̈̈́͋͛͗̾͘̚͘͘̚̚͘̕̚̕͘̚̕͘̚̚͘̕̕̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅ1̷̡̡̨̧̡̡̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͉̪̞̬̱̜̻̬̪̫̘̦͈̺̰̼̻̟̪̫͖̦̥̞͍͖̻̤͍͙̮̤͍̲̣̘̜͙̬͚̤̗̪͉̺̟͙͎̭̮̖̪͕̤͖̦͉͚̝̠̣̼̰̰̠̮͉͈͇̮͉̰̳̘̫̲̯͙̲̣͋̈̄̆̂̌̌̋̔̐̓͋̇̽̔́̓͆͆̓̏͂̇̽͂̈́̉̄̔̏͐̿͛͋̂̇̑̒̐̋̉̏̇͋͐͐͂̌̋̑͛͒̽̈́̽̇̃̈́̏͐̈́͌͊̋̎͑̎̓̆̃̓̀̽̏̎̐̈́͆̂̾̓́̋͗̎̀̆͑̌͒͒̈́̾̍̆̀̈́̌̓͌̓̓̽̏̌̓̅̂̃̆̀̾̽͐̀̇̄̆͆̄̌͋̒̿͒́̾̈̈́̈́͋͒͗̓̔͋͊̿̂́͒̆̽̚͘̚̚̚̚̕̕̚̕̚̕̕͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅ0̴̡̧̨̧̢̢̧̨̡̛̛̮̪͓͈̭̤̮͇͍̮̰̟̯̭͕̺͈̮̬̻͓̥̙͓̬͎̥̺̬̫̤̭̝̠͉̱̺̝̮͙̲̹̫͙̙̙͈̣̳̞̭̹̫̞͎͇̜̝̩̣̥̭͔̙̱͖̰̲̼͔̺͚̲̦̖̬̫͔̙̞̳̖̖̻̣̫̹͖͉̺̮̩͚̘͔͙͒̔͆̔̌̔̄͛̉̄̀̌̽̊̎̊̊̆̓͋̋͌̓̂́̈͑̅̈́̽̊͋̈́̎͋̀͆̒̎̓̀͆͊̐̏̇̊͌͑̒̔̽̊̓̈́͛͂͂̕̕͘̕͘̚͘͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅ0̴̢̨̧̢̡̡̧̧̢̨̧̧̧̨̢̡̡̧̨̨̡̛̛͍͚̮̼̻̬̬̞̩̙̼̩͉̲͉̲̮̮̗̮̮̱̙̼̭̺̹͉̟̫͉̯̫̰͓̲̟͎̫̖̥̮̜̟̻̥̯͖̦̺̳͇͉̙͓͇̻̗͈̟̹̯̘͇͇̦̣͓̠̘͓̬̤̳̹͉̻̩̜̫̤̯̭̮̪̳͖͔̞͍͎̗̯͇͓̬̺͈̻̹̝̲̯͓̼̮̮̱̫͈͖̥̥̺̙̲̗̼͙̲͉͈͕̣̺̦̝͕̣̙̬̬͕̥̬̰͍̯̤̩̣̘̟̟̰̝͎͈̤̟̬͕͖̹̻̮̖̺̦̬͙͓̩͇̦̱̗̳͕̯̗̙̦̤̼̺̦͚̦̗͕̙̖̝̣̳̝̜̪̺̣͍̼͖̯̥͍̱̜͔̥̥͎̻̱͓̹̠̠͇͎̬͕̲͎͚͎͍̱̙̱̞̣̬̳͖̫͉̤̲̮͙͖͓̱̟̩̟̯̣͔̤͎͔̦̓̍̈̄́̌̄̏͗̔̅̆̎̄͊͗̈́̄͆̂̏́̀̓̀̎̌͐̈́͋͗̒́̈́̈́͐́̈́̽̽̉̀̉͛̃̀͊̂̃̓̾͗̏̅̍̆̿̊͌̃͐̽̎̈͂̿͛͊̄̒̑̋̉̊̄̌͒͗͂̈́̐̔̾̾̈́̋̇͋̉̂͑̈́́̓̇̂̇͂͒̈́̃͂͒̓̃̎̓̔̈́͘̚̕͘͘̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͠͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅ1̴̨̡̨̧̢̨̡̨̨̨̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̙̹̲͙̜̙͈̝̻͚͈͈̠͎̹͙͎͙̲̫̪̩̱̥̘̪̖̺͇͓̻̩͓̘͓̹̙̝͙̫̣͇̲̣͕̗̞͓̤̩̪͇͔͓͕͙̟̝̰͍͈̹̠̹̮͚̮̞̹̖̫̼̜̣̝̞̺͖͉̣̩̤̙͍̬͓̞̘͇̣̮̘͙̠̠̳̥̘̤̭͍̯̟̫̠͙̠̹͔͖̞̣͍̮̰͖̫̰͊̽̈̋̈̇̈́̉̀̈́͗̍̍̃̊̏̽̑̍͋̊̾̾͊̈́͂͊͊͑̑̏͋̌̋̅͋͊͊̃̍̽̑̈́̓̅̈̑̿̔̐͊̇̑̿̐̋̿̌̄̊́̾̀͋́̀̽̏͗̈́̽́͛̌͒̒̒̅̔͐̿͗̅̂̿̉̃̏͛̍͂̾͌̇̌̈́͌̌͆̌̍̓̾͂̎̄̂̋̋̊̆̇̇͂͌̒̀̓̊͐͋̽̆̓̐̀̓̃̍̓̋͑̋̏̾̀͌̾̓̽̀̎͛͌̎͆̈́́̾̍͂͛͂̈́̆͑͐̀̎̋̒̆̀̏̋́͋̈́̓̈͑̓͗̓̈̈́̅͗͆̔̏̑̇̋̃̑̇̅͛̔͒̓̑͊̊̅͌̅͑̌̄̈̆̑̈͛͆͋͊̐͐̄̀̈́̿́͛̇̚̚̚͘̕̚̚̚̕͘͘̕̕̚̚͘͘̚̚͘̚͘͜͜͜͠͝͝͠͠͠͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅ0̷̨̢̡̡̧̧̧̧̢̡̢̧̛̛̛̩͈̥͚̤̠̫̝̪̰̰̠̣̰̳͇̥̭̪͉̼͈̳̠͇͉͉̲͇̙̺̞͈̘͎̼̪͚̗̠̮̻̠̠̣̯̬̪̘̞̱͖̙̩͈̫͍̭͉̜̻͕͓̳̞͍͖̳̹͙̱̥̞͉̣̖͍͙͇̲͇͔̺̩̣̮͖̯͍͎͓̜͖͓̱̫̳͈̰̪̼̺̫̰͖̦̦̣̰̰̫͖̖̫̭̦͕̙͖̪̳̹̞̼̪̰̤̠̠̬̘̘̓̊̓̓̾͐͌͗̃̓͂̈́̏̈́̒̍̾͂̂͋̒̓̊̔͑̿̔̇̔͛̽̋̆͗̂͌̈́̀̉̿̒̓̃̈͑̈́̈́̈́͆̿͐̒̍͋̾̈̾̔͌͆̈̃͊̌̋̌̏̆͑̊͂̽͗̆̌͑̑̌̈̎̄͆̐͂̎͗̈́̉̿̇̄̈̄̀̄̉͌͂̿̈́̈͂͒̈̈́͒̒̄̊͊̊̃͗̏̌̃̏̈́͋͆̈̍̅͐̍͐̏̌̆̔̂̄͗̈́̽̍̐̀̉̄̍̃̉̑͑̎̆͆̃͂̄̓͋̾́̒̓̓̑͊́̾̍̅̽̓̓͛͆̀̆̾̇̌̈́͌͐͑̉͐͑͛̇̽͛̂̈͑͐̈́̿̿͐͆̋̾̔̈́̐͛̑͋̄̓͆̀͂́̊̉͗͘̕̚̕̚̚̚̕̕͘̕͘̚̕͘͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ ̶̨̧̧̡̧̡̢̡̨̡̨̡̨̨̢̢̨̨̢̡̢̡̢̨̢̡̛̛̛̩͈̖̲̭̻͕̘̲̺̪̼̱͉͈̱̯̩̲͔͚̣͖͇̩̬̙̘̰̺̼̰̖͓̺̳̼̰̼͍̱̱̝̭̹̳͕̱̞͉̙͍̹̜̞͚̲̩̺̙̝̱̼̖͇̹͕̙̗̟̲͈̞̟̺̫͉̱̪͚̰̟̘̩̪̙͕̼͓͕̪̤̯̞̦̰͔̖̻̗̩̜̞͈͉̼͇͙̰̯̜̱̦͖͎͈̺̗̱͙̦̞͓͖̟̫͉̠̰͕̝͕̣̲͎̰̘̩̘͚̫͕͉̩̹̟̟̖̼̠̬̥͕͉̗̳̹̱̮̳̯͍̼̙̖̘̝̣͈̤̲̮̼̬̭̼͚̬̫̼̱͖̦͓͎̩̝͚͎͕̙̤̱̤̝̤̩̼̭̫̬̘̘̞̤̪͓̳͎͔̳̟̖̳̪͖͖̦̙̥̖̥̻̣͕̭̹͉̬̞̥̫͓͍̣̣̫͉̻̺͙̰͒̐̿̈́͗͌̂̽͂͑̂̒̊͌̂͐͗̉͋͗͗̔͌̑̓̔̾̌̐́̋̿̓͑̌̇͛̃̈́̿̿͂̿͐̊̅͗͊̂͋̿͐̈̂͑̎͌̆̇̂̊̀̋͗̆̔͒̒̾̋͂̎̇̍͛̎͒̉̐̎͆̄̿̈́́̂͑̓̑̏̐̽̿̈́̃̾́͘̚̚͘͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ0̵̢̛̼̭̳̮̪͙̳̪͇̲̜̈́̉̊͋̐͋̾̾̅͛̅̍̽̔̐̍̒̏͌̀̄̄͌́̿̂̌̾̋̉͑̓͆̀̉̃͛̎͗̓͆̄̾̈́̿͗̍͒̑͌̿̅̒̈́̾̌̉̿͊̔̔̎̓̾̑̋͌͒̍̀̽͑͋̌͋̏̎̍͗̚̕͘̕̚̕̚̚͝͠͝͠͠͝͠͝͝1̷̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̩̥̱̘̖̥̠͓͕̬͍̪̠͔̜̤͚̣͖͎̮͉̞̻̬̥͎̤͇̖̼̔̽͊̍̂̈̀͋̅͐͊̋͛̇̑̃̅̽̆̑̃̇͗̈́̽̓̊͊̇̽̓̈́̇͑̆̉̆͊͋̊̿͌̉̓̄̈̄͂͒͊͋͊͛̓̆̑̈́̓̎̐̄̎̇́̎͐͑̔̋̍̀̅͋̒̐̀̒͌̌̃̌̀̇̎͊͊̿̀͂̀̓̓̐͂͗̅͌̍̍̊̒͑̒̑͗̏̒̽̂̈́̔͛̀͗͗͌͋͐̏͗͗̑͒͐̎͑͂̌̄̑͒́̔̾̌͌̃̏̍̈́̀̏̉̈́͆̑̋̊̋̄̈͐͗͑̈́̃̓̅̏̅̇̊̏͒̄̓̓̂̌̚̚̚̚̚̚̚̕̕̕͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠0̶̡̨̡̡̛̛̛̛͎͙̥͓̞̩̹̩̪͈̣̦̮̜͓̟͔̱̱̱̳͍̠͙̪̩͎̮̽̊̑̓̃͊͂̓͐̋̐́͋̈́̔̍͗̋̇̿̒̽̈̔̃͑͋̎͑̓͑̒̈́͂̀̍̎̉̈͂̎͋̌̓́̔̅̑̓͆́̉̂̑͐̄̎̉̃͌͊̾̒̈́̾̅̔͘̚̚̕̕͘̚̕͝͝͝͠͝͝͠ͅ1̴̢̢̗̤̱͇͖̩͕̦͇̺͓̫͍͔̱̮̺̺̩͓͕͙̺̙̼̪͚̺͇̼̜̘̥̜͕͈̭̱͕̮͇̺̽̆̒͒̃̈́̀̒͛͗͂̎̄̇͒̈́͒͌̿̆̔͐̋̂̈́͒̈́̉̋̔̓͊̌̄͑͌͗͋̈́̓̆̊̆̓̓̀̏̑̈́̇͐̒̆̿̈́̉͐͂̅̏́̂̏͛̈́̽̈́̊̎̒̓̍̽̊͂̓̌̽͑̐͌́͑̎̈́̋̒͂̃̓̄͛̉̋̐͐̏͛̎̄̇̑̅͑̈͗̎̇͂̈͑̈̍̋̍͌͌̋̽͆̏̃̓̈́̍̍͐̾͒̏͑̒̆̑͋̓̿̈́͆̑̒̿̈̈́̑̆͊̓̈́̀̄̏̃̑̋͊͛͘̚͘͘͘͘̚͘͘̕͘͘͘̕͜͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅ0̴̡̨̡̡̢̢̛̛̛̮̼̳̱̭̭̣͔̥͍̺̺̟͚̗̙̖̦̪̰̮͓͕͖̣͉̟͚̣̹͙̖̲̭̥͙̜͚͉̮͕͓̦̭͕͇̭͇͔͔̜͙̠̪͖̪͇̭̖̤̹̥̻͖̹̦̥̟̮̹̫̫̺̭̗͕̖̬̫̹̻̣̭̱̥͇͍̟̠̗̘͕̙̫͕̼̬̮̞̘̙̦̭͖̆̏̉̽̉̑̈́̓͗͌̄͂̎́͐͆̐̉͆͗̑̐̓̇͆̽̏͊̽̏̍͆̿̈́̉͛̎̋̔͋͗̈́̄͋̓̎̈́̅̏͌̈̔̃̆́͐̇͒͌̋̇̎̃͆͛̀́́͒͌̀̾͊̏̅͊̀͋̆̃̓̓̔̇̈́̒̈́̌̒̑͊͋͂͛̉͊̔͒͌͌͂̑̃̈́͛̆̋̐̊̀̄̂̾̏͋͗̋͐̎̽̎̓͛͗̏͗̎͌̋̌̈̔̎͒͐̋̓̇͂̂͌̓̏̈̋́̈́̆͐̐̌̀̊̾͂̍͋̉̊̊̀̾̌͒̈́͗̍̈͂͛̏̾̉̇̒̆̂̂̏͋̅̿̽͂̐́͊͆̈̎͑͐̓̍̊̕̕̚̕̕̚̕̚͘̕͘̕͘̚̚̚̕͘͘͘̚͘̚̚͘͜͜͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͠͝ͅͅͅ0̷̧̨̨̢̧̧̛̛̛̛̳̭̞̞̜̮̫͓̞̺̙̠̜̭̼͍̺̖̟̲̘̜̟̦̹̟͖̭̱̆̍͂̾͛͆́̑͊̀̊̀͛̑̊̏̽̈́͛̏̃̆̊͑̀̾̄̀̇̏̍̋͗͆̓̆͋̈́̿̃̂͋͌͛̌̈́̈̉͂͒̑̽͐͛̅̃̀͊̿̓̇̐̈́̇̃̃̀̑̆̉͂̑̑̑͗͋̐̔̍̈͋̓͌̍́͒͋̀͛̂͒̐̆̽̋̈̔̈́̒͑̾̌͆̂͗͗̆̈́̈̊͗̈́̆͆͑͆̌͌͊̈́͌̽̔͒͑̃͆͂̏̌́̌̌́́̈́̈́̇̈͛͂͊̀̇͌̌̋͊̂̏͒͛͋̇̉̄̉̌̊̐̈́͑̎̅̄̾̎̽͂̓́̋͒̓̑̑̌̐̍͂͐̾͆̋̾̅̒͗̃͂̑͊̅̊̐̾̋̓͛̂͂̊̍̉̏̈́̋̽̄̉̋̅̾̄̾̈́̋̇͐̽͋͆̈́̾͘̕͘̚͘̚̕̚̕̚̚͘͘͘̕̚͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝1̴̧̧̨̧̢̨̢̨̨̢̨̧̨̨̧̧̢̡̧̢̧̛̘̟̺̭͉̻͉̝͖͉̻͙͍̪̥̬̻̜̺̘͍͕̫̭̦̙͇͚̺̰̤̤͉͕̺̫͖̥̯̖̭̥͈͉͉̜̗̝̥̪͈̗͓̜̻͚̥̻̙͓̭͙̳̜̠̬͚̻͖͙̖̭̱̹̮͍͖̜̩̫͔̘͓͚̗̟͓̳͕̳̭̥̪͎̤̳̙̪̜̰͕̘̞͈̦̼̻̥̼̼͚͙͓̭̞̫̫͎͎͕̖̮̱̗͍͉̩̟͚̪̯͔͈͖͎͖̱̲͎͕͍̘̱̘̹̭͉̯̘̖͙̙͕̱̞̙̓͗͊̿̑̈͑̓̌̋̿̎̉̅͛̂̀͑̈͒͌̉̊̏̋̒̌́̓̈́͆̈̾̿͆̒͛̒͌͑̑͗͆͌̄̑͌̋̓̉̉̐̑͊̊̓̌̓̒̿͊̿̑̃̈́̐̓͒͆̓͋̈̏́̍̀̀͑͘̕͘̕͘͜͜͠͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅ0̴̧̡̧̢̨̨̧̡̥͉̪̜̠̞͕̰̜̖͕̯̪̺̞͎̻̘̪̜͉͚̝͖͔̪͔͈̠̹̙͉͈͓̩̱̝͓͎͇̙̠͉̱̩̥̹͖̼̖̤̜͓̞̬̂̄͌͗̌̈́̑̊̑̈̌̒͂̐̓͛̃͗̈̋͜͜͜͝͝͠ͅ ̵̨̢̨̢̧̧̧̢̨̡̢̨̨̡̧̨̧̨̡̡̨̨̧̢̨̨̧̛̪̥̹͉̙̟̬͔̳̪̗̻̞̘̦̙̦̦͍͎̭͓͕̙͓̺̰̬͚̣̜̳̹͈̭̞̬͙̳̫̜̳̠̮̞̩̪̞̤̲̘͓̝̖͖̱̪̼͚̗͔̪͔̪̥͉͈̥͕̼͓̟̰͍̱̱̫͉̣̦̖͚̪̠̜̖̠̗̪̣̭̙̞͕͓̣͇͇͓̻̤̫̱̤̣̥̟̺͖͉̲̗͔͈͓̙̣͙̣͕͉̹̤̭͚̤̲̩͖̱̤͕̲͍͇̫͈̮͓͚̞͔̲̬͍͍̦̪̟͕̳̼͍̦̼̞͎̹͎̟̞͍̰͕͇̦̜̮̱̻̜̯̹͖̪̠̩̗̘̖̭̦̭̖̮̣̤͕͉̬̣̙̘̟̩̦͎̥͚͎̥͕͚̘̲̞͎̗̬͖̟̖̬̘̞̥͕͉̦͍̗͇̟̦͚͓͈̬̰̰̻̬͓̫̦̥̬̳̤̓͋͂̿̀͂͛̐͋̾̀̔̾̐̃̔̽̔̔͊͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ0̶̨̨̡̨̨̨̨̡̡̧̨̢̨̢̡̨̧̛̛̱̬͇̻̳͇̫͚̦̩̹̲̭̺̠̘̪̭̭͎͕͙̞̬̠̘̳̹̳̙̹̤̘̬̯͎̱̤̳̱̺͓̼̫̥̳͈͍̹̘̪̼͎̝̪̯̻̟͉͔̗̝͕̠̥͓̺̭̣̭̳̖̩̪̤̤̬̺͈̞̥̩̫̩̼̯̭̙̖͔̘͍͕̟̮͕̘̥̤̝̲̞̦͓̠͙͉͔̺͖̠͔̱͉͚͚̩̯͎̣͙̩̲͓͍͉̞̥̘̹̺̥̥̺̙͖̲̪̗̺̫̰͈̣͚̜̹̜̜̩̘̱͓̹̜̞͓̦̥̩̫̝̹͙̞̣̙̪̬̘̳͓̉͐͗̅̈̒̑̇͊̄̃͂̅̄͂̐̈͐̔̎̋̏͌͊̑͛̿͌̑́͆̃̆͒̀̂͆̔̾̍̾͐̒͑̆̆͊̊̽͌̔̽̑͐͆̑̑͊̽̌̌͊̂͆͊̔͒̄̂͊̋̈̍͛̿̉̓̈́̈̒̔̔̈́̀͌̏̍͊́̑͊̈̓̈̊̈͗̈́͛͑̅̉̑͋͒̓̈̌̓̈͆͑̇͋̅̔̑̈́̊̽̆͆̑̇̓̏͊̓̉̋́͋̆͑͆̋͂̋̚̚͘̚͘̕̕͘̚̕͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ1̷̨̨̢̡̨̨̢̨̜̥̩̳̹̳͎͕̣͍̜̥̣͉̹̗̳̼̖̱̪͍̱̗͍̗̞̖̗̰̳̯̞̮̩̠̤̺͉͇̠̝͎͈̗͎̥̘̮̘͍̣͍̳̞̰̲̙̩̖̱͙͈͖̤̬̞̟̩̙̝̱̼̟̲͈̞̮̠̟̳̼̩̪̱̬̹̼̻̯̥͎̹͈̮̺̪̙̼̰̮̺͖̟̰͓̓̈̉̅̓̓͜͜͜͜ͅͅͅ0̸̡̢̢̢̢̧̨̢̨̨̡̧̨̛̛̛̛̛̙̜̞̦̱̰͓̫̤͎̬̳͉̱̦͈̳̫͚̤̯̹̝̼̦͍̯̥͈̳̦̮͍̻͕̥̮̼̙̹͔̟̩̱̣͈͈̘̳͈͖̹̯͓͎̳̥͎͓̺̜͈̖̭̺̪̝̩̬͙̯̥̗̲̪̦̬͎͓̯̻͎̩̺̺̝̠̼̟̞͕͚̖͚̝̘̞̫̺̪͖̼̪̺͖̱̰͎̱̳͎̬̬̹͇̖͎͔̦̙͖͇̤̦̫͈͎̩͈̰̭̪͕̜̖̪̼͍̩̬̇̈́̔͑́̿́̈͆̈͆̔̿͋̋̊͊̍̆̎͆̍̉̓̔̀̋̅̈́͋̎̈̊̑́͒̈͛̒͂̇̉͒̅͂̇̀̍̌͐͆̽͛͒͌̓̀̾̍͋͑̒̓̾̏̍̈͊̃̎̒͛̄̆̒̎̀̇͐͋̆̐̃́̿̊̐̎͆̎̽͆̿̈̋̈́͒̿̐̈͆̐̂͛̌̇̐̐́͊̈́͛͊̍̈́̎͗̈̓̔̐̓͛̒̄͐͌͊̑͐̓̇̐̈͊͒̂̊͋͒̄̆̽́̓̈́̐̐̈́͋͋̌͘͘̚̕͘̚̕̕̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͠͝ͅ0̵̡̢̡̡̢̡̡̡̡̢̡̡̧̨̧̨̧̨̧̧̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̫̩̰̺̜̘̩͈̙͍͇͎̣̝͓̖͓̗͓̫̖̻͚̬͉̬̖̪̬̱̟͓̜̮͍̱͖̰̖̰͓̰̞͙̝̼͎̫͉̖͓̞̱͎̜̭̮̻͉̩̜̞̙̗̹̲̥̫̖͍̪̦͍̺̖̟̤̤̝̞̖͔͍̻͖̤̺̭̗̜̺͕̖͕̦̫̬͔͎͖̟̮̪̣̮̜̱͇̤̬̳̤͈̰̖͖̳͇̰͍̻̜͙̗̣̱̠̥̱̗̤̝̻͙̬̻̥̹̞̜̜͈̬̤͇̩͙̭͚͍͍̬̟̤͖͎̤̜͓̺͇̻̖̩̙͕̖̝̤̞̪̖͙̭͎̰̗̗̥͖͓̮̲̟̣̞̰͔̠̰̦̭̤̻͈̣̞̯̻͖̳͈̯̝̘̦͎̩̘͓̬̺̹̰͈͚̜̭͍͍̩̪͚͉̙͔̪̦͗̓͑̽̆̐̏̑͆̇̊̉͑̉͆̾̓̆̒̿̓̈̆͛͋̉̌̽̽̋͐̈́̓͑̓̑̿͊̄͑̽̓̽̈́̽̐͆̑̂̔͐͆̉̄̄͐̊̀̅͗̿͒͆͑̊̈́̅̋̊͛̄̑̓̇͐̾̈̄̊͆̈́̇̆̂̋́̑̒̇̈̉̊̀̉̿̈́̄̽̂̐̈́̄͌̾̿̋͗͒̈̈́̐̊̿̏́̅̎͋̇̽͋̋̃̐̅̅͆͌̀̓̐̈́̐͐͌́̅̔͛͋̎̆̇͗̈͒̌̃̅̌́͌͑͋͐̏͌͆͐͗͒̌̔̈́͒̃̄̽͛̆̈́̂̕̚̚̕͘̚̚̚͘͘̕͘̕͘̚͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅ1̷̨̧̡̨̨̧̧̨̧̢̢̧̡̡̢̢̧̧̡̛̛̛͓̰̞͚̪̦͈̳̫̜̳̹̥̪̺͇̰̜̳̻̝̝̻̮̖̠̳͙̺̲͙̪̥͎͚̹̜̥̖̱͎̦̹̙͕̟͈̙͖̦̖̮̗̮̣̘̳̣̮̭̪̖̦̰̺̻͇͓̰̘̮̜̞̪͈̟̬͔̖͎̲̣̮̞̹͖̤̥̩̭̤̤̪̭͔̞̮̟̳͇̣͎͕̹͈̱͕̻͉͖̳̤̝̟͓̗̣̠̦͉̩̰̯͔͇̗̻͔̤̯̣͔̻͎͙̹̣̙͖̝͇̖̖͈̹̪̫̬̟͇̩̘͍̦͉̺̰͈͙̬͖̭̹̣͚̙͔̘̙̱̯̯̜̰͓̪͓̣̣͉̺̮͙̦̹̖̲͙̙̗͇̣̱͎̹͙̘̺̳̜̠̼̦̝͍̤͉̗̼̳̟͙̹̫͎͖͓̥͙̣̝̤̰͔͚̜̼̟̬͇̠̰̺̼̼̗̞̟̬̓̉̎̾̒̉̏̑̿̄̈́̉̃͆̈́̀́͌̔̈̌̓͋̄̈́̀̅̅̓͒͋͊̓̍̅̎͗́̈́̔̆̄̊̐̎̓̉̂͆̓̑͋̐̉̀̔͗̌̈̉͐̈́̾͑̓̄̽̑͊̂̀̽̃̿̍̍̋̈́͛̚͘͘̚̕̚̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ1̶̡̡̨̡̨̨̧̨̡̡̧̨̢̧̡̢̢̢̨̢̧̙͕̹̹̳̼̰̥̦̜̼̹̹̟̞̪͓͎͙̱͖̭̲͔̜̫͇̬͕͉̹̱̪̳̟̰̩̦͙̩͍̹̳̣̼͖̩̹̤͍͉̹͙͖̲̺̠̬̯̺̳̼̤̭͕̪̟̲̯̥̯̖͖̟̺̬̲̝̟͎͇̝̜̤̹͎̙̰̠̬̫̺͔͙͓͈͚̼͖̫̱̫̖͕̲̞͚̩̭͎̤͈͚̮̺̲̞͚̩͕̦̬͖̫̯͚̹͕͖̟̩͚͔͇͙̻̳̖̲͈͖̼̙̟̤̰̞̠̼̻͈̥͓̼̜̫̞̗̲̙̤̰̟̳̝̭̙͓̳͔͚̲͈͔͙̳̹͙̗͓̳̼͕͕͔̱̯͂̽̽́́͛̇̋̅̔́͒̈́̈́̾́̈́͐̋̀͆̃̂͐̇̓̉̄̊͐̅̇̔̆̈́̅̒͛͋͂̾̈́͂͌͒̄̌̈́̏̿̈͒̾̋̓̿̄̈́̏̊̍͋̐̌̈̾̎̂̀͌̿̀̾̎̒̐̊̕͘̚̕̚̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅ1̸̨̢̡̡̢̨̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̱̝̝̻̱̩̙̲̝̭̳͎̯̟̫̤͚̗͖̘̩̙̹̝̰͓͚͙͍̲͇̘̦̲͈̀̐͌̑̑̄̽̈̊̊͛͊͂̔́͊̈́͋̎̏̇̒͌̏͗̍̈́̊͒̿̏̆̄̒̍̅̽̑̂̀̌̓̇͑͑̿̉̒̓̉̊̈́̊̎̂͛͆̌̓̽̾͊̒̃̏̉̊͛̾́͐̑͒̍̎̇́̈́̈́̀̔̑̂̓͐͐̈́̈́̈́̽̃̍̐͛̃̆̈́̓̈́̔̽͑̓̌͑͂́͊͗͋͋̈́̎͒̒̌͌̉̂̎̽̀͋͊̍̆̒̎̅̊̊̽̒̋͗̇̈́̓͋̾̇̈̑̀̇͑́̉̈́̈́͂͒̄̒̽̃̓͆͌̋̈́̆͑̍̇͊͗͛̅̓̓͋̌̿͗̿̅̓̂̿͊̓̔̓̍͒͛͆͑̒̈̿̿̋̆͌̒̇͆̋͑̏͑̌̒͆̅̊̕̕͘̕͘͘̚̚͘͘̚̕̕̚̕͘̕͘̕͠͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͠͝͠ͅͅͅ1̶̡̧̢̧̨̢̨̢̢̧̧̢̧̢̡̨̢̢̧̧̢̢̡̧̡̛̛̛̛̛̙̮͔̺̤̞̜͉̥͉̯̩͖͈̘̗̞͓͔̱͕͚̝͎̯̰̗͇͎̭͇̗͇̝̮̤̪͍͍͍͚̱͇̘̲̰͓͚̯̞̰͉͇̤̲̬̣̪͙̣̹̤͚̙̳͖͇̫̫͕̗̺̝̘̩̝̪̗̼͇̺̞̣͓̼̹̘̲̲̟̗̬̹̺͓͈̜̦̗̭͍͙͈̥͍͉̣̘̭̼͎̠̝̣̮̰̳̯̻̟͉̲̲͓̫͉̙̳̗̪̹̥͎͖͙̘̱̗̣͙͍͓̞͉͖̮͈̪̰̘̼͕̲̞̫͈̟̫͎͔͙̜̰͔̞̫͚̻̦͎̗̥͓̠͈͍̠̟͇̺̟̤͚̤̦̘͉̲̪͈͙̝̯͍̤͙̰̭̦͇̞̲̠͇̱̱̹̥͈̮͉̭͇̻͙̟͎͎̪̜̬̖̈́̄͂͆̾͋̅̒͌̈̆͆̈́̉̊̆͆̊̍̿̈̿͂̍̀͒͊̒̐̔̈̾͊͗̆̈̈͗̓̾͛̅͐̇̓́̒̄͆͆̍̔͒̿̓̿͋̓̇͑̾̐̒̓̓̽̄̒̈́̆̋͋̃̓̀̃̈́̃̂̎̅̆̓̋̑̀͌̈́̃͊̾̒̾̌͆̾̓́̐̿̄̈́͐̉̈̀̏̽͌̈̃͐́̕̚͘̚̚̕͘͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅ ̵̨̧̡̨̧̨̢̧̢̨̨̧̢̨̨̧̢̨̧̛̛̛̫̳̤͕̲̺͚̮̞̱̙̖̺͎̳̫̯͓̳̹͔̙̣̼̥̱̝̱̼͓̳̺̞̜̹̭̩̳̜̬̯̥̼̪͉̫̙̹̹̘̰̟͎͓̤̳̞͈͓͙̠̯̞̮̞͔̗̜̺̝̞̮͙̩̝͓̣̤̦̜͔͇̰͇̠̣̘̠͓͖̱͇͈̞͙̦̳̮̤̦̺̩̲̩̯̭̻͚̖̻̦̦͖̹̰̞̲̗̖̦̹̪̭͖͚͔̬̥̭̳̰͓̲̦̥̤̬̪̖̞͕̠̺̥̠̲͙̘̲̼͙̗̹̩̎̓̅̌͒̍̃͌̐̓͗̑̑̉̄̍̿͋̎̈́͗̎̍̄̋͗̏̉̍͗̃̒̽̽͛̒̀̏͐̾͒̓͋̂͒̅͑̒̆̾̿̇͌̽͌̾̽̎͂̀̑̔̑̈́̂̊̍̓̐̉̅̔̈̀̂̈́̕̚͘͘͘͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͠ͅͅ0̵̢̡̢̡̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̤͈̝̬̻̜̪̻͇̭͍͈̙͈̪͍̦̯͖̱͓̠̪̼̠̠̜̼͈͚̜̤͚̘̭̠̤̼͈̹̘̼̠̤͚̮͓̳͎͉͔͈̤̝͉͕͙̖̯̖̻̞̜̬̈́̉͆͑͑̈́͆͒̃̂̾͌̆͊͑͑̈́̾̓̄̄̌͊̊̃̽̆̔̎̊͐̏͐̂̂͋͆͐̌̂̿̿̑̉̒͑̍͑̄̅̇͊͂̐̋̿̍̿̃̒̿̒̄̌̊̽̆̊̀͂͗̔͐̀͑͌̒̃͐̈͌̉̈͊̈́͆̾͆̏̓͊̽̆̐̄̿͂̊̈́͆̑̂̔̈́̐̌̌̎͊̈́̇̊̅̄̓̒̈́̅̆̑̈́̚͘̚͘̕̕̕̚̕͘͘̕͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͠͝ͅ1̵̨̨̧̡̢̧̡̧̧̧̡̧̨̡̧̦̣̬̘͖̼̞̬̠̼̳̗̱͉̱͓̹̬̻̟͍͖̖͙͈͖͎̥̦̩̠͍̗̺͔̠͚͓̫̳̮̯̭͎̱̰͎̬̞̼͈̗͉̳̰͕̩̟̤̫̱̹̺̟̲̺̲̪̼͖͖̟̗͎̰͉̗̘̠̜̥̗̖̱̹̩̥̟̥͙̹͖̪̪̣̤̟̱͖̹͔͔̺͓̩͚̘̼̬̬̘̰̱͖̙̯̪͔͕̙͍͕̣̫͍̥͈̣̖̤͔̜͎̯̞̙̯̩̓̉͗̈̔̂̒̃͛̔̀̈́̋̊͆̋̒̋̊̄̑͘̕͜͜͜͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ0̸̧̢̧̨̧̧̨̡̢̢̢̡̢̨̧̢̡̢̢̨̡̡̨̡̛̭͙͖̟̰̱̰͕̥͚̳̮̖͚͔̳̥̮̲̺̺̺͉̺̖̠̩̝̩͇̞̤̜͓͕̣̬̫̪̪̖̥̦̟̩̹̥̲̦̝̰̮̝͓̻̼̼̞͙͓̰̞̰̼͕̥̣͍̰̩̯̱͓͕̺̟͎̖̖̦͍̖̱̮̰̘͎͔̼̩̰̠͔̣̖̻̻̼̱̜̮̜̫̘̱͖̠̬̱̞͓̳͈͉͓̬̦͕͉̼̭̫͍̥̪͖͌̎̔̋̾̐̈́̎̊̓͂͛̊̇̏̋̏̓̍̓́͌̌͛̕͜͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅ1̵̡̛̛̝͚̫͔̃̋͑̂̇̿̉̿̂̈́̌̽̏̅̓̓̆̆͌̓̑̓̎͒͑̒͐̆̓̋̿̏͗̃͑͆̓͒̿̓͛̈́̍̇̌͆̓̏̂̉͗̀͆̓̋͂̌͑͌͛̾͂̈̇͆͂̑̈́͒̅̏́̇͊̓͂̈̒̈́̔͑͊̿̇͆̉̋͋̑͐͑̌̑͆̋̍̈͒̑̂̉̋̔̌̆̈́͋͌͗̉̿̓́̎̇̾̂̍̐̈́̇̏̓̒͛̈́͊͌͂́̔͆̎͆͗̏̋̉̐͂̾̍̃̔̄̓͂̅͗̓͌̈́̈́͋͂́̏̂̓̈́̌̏̽̌͑̋̓̍̂̔́͂̑̈̌̊̄͌͂̏̊̂̕͘̕̚̚̚̚̚͘̕̕̚̕̕͘̚͘̚͝͠͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝0̶̡̡̧̨̢̨̧̡̨̛̛̛̛͖̯̯͈̻͎͔͚̝͔͚̳̘̪̮̭̯̬͎͈͈̤͕̥̤͓͎͇͈̥̣͚̼͍̗̞̝̼̼̠̙̺̹̹̠̖̰̭̮̜̏̽̅͒͑̒͐̆̽̆̈̂̈̽̔͋̈̒͂̌̈́̄̌̋͒̀̽̇̋̃͊͑̀̋̆̔̈́̓͐̅̉͒̊͛̽͐̃̄̎̄̃̊̏͗͊̒̐̋̾̔̋̃̉̽͐̊̆̔̓̓̇̇́̀͗̓̈́̅̑̃͒̿͂̈́̎͛̓̆̍̾́̈́͌̂̅̇̆̅̓͑͑̈́̈͛̽̐̈́̇̓̿̆̍̉̃́͗̑͗̇̐̿͆̿̈́̇̾̑̕̚͘̕̚̕̕̕̕̕͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅ0̷̡̨̨̧̡̢̧̨̨̨̡̢̡̢̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̩̬̞̹͖͕̮̰̹̥̗͉̗̳̲̞͉͔͚͖̝̺͍̩̖̘̳̩̠̯̺̤̙͕͖͕̫̮̭͓̲͈̳̮̖̥̬͉͔̼̲̹͕̟̫̟͈͇̰̱̺̻̩͇̖̩͇͖̩̣̯͉͍̟͖̩̥̫͙̠͍͕̬̬̠̞͈̖̤͓̭̩̼̹̝͇̯̫̯͉̝̤͖͉̳͈̬̓͌̅̌̏̊̿̾͐̋͋͑͑̃̍͐̿͊͛͆̊͂̔̐̔̋̔̐̒̑́̂̅̇̂̅̾̓̋̇̑̌̈́͑̏̈́̀̐̃̿̊͐̇̈́̐͗̂̾̏͊̓̽́͒̎̎͐̆̂̌̑͛͗̋̃̊̇͐̆͆͛̇̀̈́͐̇̄̆̓̀̍̾͗́̒̅͊̈́̈́̽͋͆̎̋̍͂̋͌̒̑̽̈́̅̓͒͐̀͂̔̌͌́̈́̏̇͒̎̎̐͌̉͋̂̈́́̔̓̏̔̇̇͋̄̐̑͆̅̎̇̋̀̂̀̾̇̒͑͂͌̇̂̿̇̾̓͐̉͗͋̔̾͒̐͐͒̓̈́̓̓̈́͐̃̔̾̓̂̓̃̏̆̋̒͂̎̌̉̊̇̈͌͐̌͂͒̍̽̃̏̏̐̃͛̉͑̂͐͐̀̕̚̕̚͘͘̚͘͘̚̚͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͠ͅ1̶̨̧̧̧̢̢̨̢̢̧̢̡̢̢̢̢̢̨̢̧̧̧̡̜̞̼̬̯̮͙͓̗̙͙͈̭͖̦͖̖̖͕̞͎̪͖̼͈̥͇̘͕̟͈͉͖͍̝͖͚̗͈͉͈̰̪̣̖̙͇̼̬̪̗̘͎̜͎͉̜̞͎̘͓̲̬͔̜̤͖̞͕̦̯̠̜̤̞͔̼̬̩̻͙̝͙̬͈̭̗̪̭͖̪̞̜͓̞̩̮͓̬̗͈͚̱̺͕̳̣̮̱̜̥͙̘͎̮̻͎̹̣̟̜͔̙̥͕̳͙͓̞̥̦̜͔͉͓̜̠̺̞͔̥̙̘̮̻̝̙̻̖̻͎̗͕̫͔͎̦̟̖̰̜̱̹̖̟̞͚̣̯̥̣̲̭̲̼̲͈͙̦̰͖͎͈̬͖͓͎̰̤̩͙̞̝̯͚̫̠͍̹̺̺̫̞͖͎̫͕̳̰̭̰̭̖̞̦͚͔͙͎͙̬̺͙̪͈͔̹̻̬̖͎̯̤̘̖͍̼̖͖̼͖̬̂͆͌̐͂̇̇̒̏̓͑͋̂̾͌̅̎͆͌̃̎̆̌̈́̈̅͊͒̓͂̅͂̽͛͊̑̉̿̉́͑̽̓̿̓̈́̕̚͜͜͜͜͠͠͠͝ͅͅͅ0̴̡̧̧̨̧̨̢̨̢̨̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͇̻͕̜͚̻͖̹̩̰̲̬̠̠̪̮̗̙̳͉̗͔͈̠͙̼̳͉̦͚͈͓͔͔̠̲̮̰̥͔̘̘̻̙͓̟̤̹͙̳̰̮̯͙̣̺̥̺͕͇̠̭̝̦̩̱̭̱͕̮̰̼͎͍͚̲͓̳̤̜̘͉̜̳̠̭̳͕͉͎̫̤̪̦̹̠̰͉̘̯̳͎̣̳̮͓̫̜̪͍͉̳̹͎͕͎̤͈͖͚̤͎̙̬̩͈̙̼͈͚͙̘̓͊̽̓̓̓͛̈́͋̑̓̐̑̓̈́̈́̎̆̽̄̄̈́̌̓̆͋͗̈́̏̊̉̇̄̈̐̓̈́͛̓͋̈́̅̅͋̎̂͊̊̎̄̍̋̒̊̒̀̔̾͌͒͂͐̒͛͆͋͒̓͛̂̔̏͐͗̎̐̅̍̋̔́̇̑̔̏̋̆̈́͛̍̆͑̐̈̅̌̑̿̅̈́̓͂̊͆̈́̉̿̿͒̒̔̿͂̉̑̍̎̂͋͂́͊̔͒̎̈́̐͐͋͊̉͌̍̐͊͑̐̽̀̈̉̓͑̈́̀̊̋̅͗̒̍͂̃͌͆́̓̾͆̒̃̚̚̕͘̕͘͘̕̚̕̚͘͜͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝ͅͅ
He then let his mind flicker to a giant screen full of coding that started scrolling, this...this was...Jarvis's coding. He felt a little sick at that, he never thought he would ever see this coding again. He watched as a couple coding changed from their familiar blue to a tinted yellow, they were....old...outdated. How had this happened? Who had let this coding fly? It was unacceptable.
"Come on kid, I can't see you right now, come on, look at me." Tony tried to comfort, he wasn't good at this kind of stuff, He wasn't really good at the whole hugging and emotions, but Peter needed him, and Tony wasn't going to leave him alone to his own head. Tony couldn't hear any response in return but he did finally see his vision tilt back up towards Peter's raw face, it looked like he had scrubbed his face red, and realistically he probably had.
Here it is, Sorry for the wait, I don't have a lot of free time from school. I'm trying to get this written out at any chance I have! And thank you everyone for the comments and support! All of your predictions are a lot of fun to read!
"Natasha, Tony knows what happened to Anthony." Steve started and Natasha snorted, and rolled her eyes.
"Steve..." Natasha slowly stepped forward, looking at Steve's back, which was tense, as if Steve was getting ready for a battle.
Tony constantly was bouncing back and forth, he didn't know if he wanted to be alive or dead. He knew he struggled, hell did he struggle, and yeah knowing his death apparently kept the Avengers together stung.
w̵̧̡̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̮̪̟̭̟͚̦͕̥͍̜̬͍͇͕̦̰͕͍̦̗̜͕̹͕͙̥̟̠̺̠̲͉̣̹̬̰̪̭̯̦̖͎̜̃̂̀̈̓̒̅͊̽͊̍̈́̒̒͋̊͌̉͂̇̆̑̉͆̌̀̋̓̉̌̆́̋̐͋̇͒̔́̈́̃̋͗̿̔̆̇̂̇̈́̂̋̈́̎̊̅̂͂̄̂̍͌̆̋̆̒̎̆̀̉͂̄̈́͗̈́̐̆̌̃̅̃̑̿̃̾̄̓̈́͒͆͋́̌͋̈̕͘̕̚̕͘͘͘̚͘͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅḣ̷̨̨̢̨̧̧̢̢̨̛̛̛͍̥͓̳̦͔̩̙̮̭͍̱̖̠̬̪̫̥̲̥̹͉̤̰̜̞̪͈̗͓͓̬̪̬̹̤̬͚̥̱̥̬̣̩̳̹͈͈̮̩̯̺͚̗̱̰̘̭̳͍̟͎̦̂̂̅̑̉̇̈́̍̑̓̍͒̈́͛̊̈̓̃̓͑͂̑̐͗͐͋͂͆̑͛̋̀͗̈́̋̅̈̑͊̆̐̍͌̇͂̈́̉̋̐́͊̂̏̃̃́̋̍͂̋̒͒̐̏̂͒̋̋͋̒͋͑̕̕̚͜͠͠͠͝y̶̡̧̨̧̢̡̨̢̢̧̢̧̨̛̛̛̦̞̪̦̥̙͍̙͍̪̠͓̖̜̬̺͚̰̱̲̭̖̦̗̠͎̳̜̥̥̱͖̭͈̘̪̥̞̜̺͔̦͈̖͎̦̖̦̺͉͉͉̥͎̟͎̞͈̟̪̥͍̩̲̜͈̹͇̜̙̖̙̟̱̜̦͎̮͙̳̻̘̖͎̦̺̦̞̘͔̺̹̗͈͎̤̺̙̭̥͉͖̞̱̮͈̱͍̳͍̠̝̲̯̩͚̘̗̦̱̖̘̗̙̳̞͚̲̩̰͎̤͍̱̰͉̖̟̣̳̙̙̜͓̭͓̜̼̫̥̿́̎͊̈́͆͛̈́͋́̋͗̈́̏̿̊̈̇̌̇͊̉̓͋̋̍̅̃͑͂̽̔̒̈̃̂̍̈́͋͋̔̃̈́̓͑͂̆͗͆͊̈̓̈́̾̒̇̇̓̋̇̀̓͗̇͆̅͋͆́͆͂̅̉͑̔̊̂͐̄́̊̇̈̋̃͑̈́̂̉̐̏̅̈̋̉̋̃͗͌̏͋̊̑̓͛͑̿̒͑͆͒̒̾̌̽̒̿̌͑̒͆́̈́̐͘̚͘͘͘̚̕̚͘͘̚̕͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͠͠͠͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅ ̷̡̡̡̡̡̡̢̨̡̡̨̛̹̞͚̝̹̯̘̜̗͇̲̝͚̘̖̰̝̰̣̦̻̝͎̮̥̹̥̳̖͈͍̮͕̻̰͓̘͕̯̭̼̞͈̲̬͕̹̲̭̣̜̳̳̰̠̟̦̠̱͉̭̰̼̩̪̝̥̗̤͖̩̗͙̗̝̦͚̙̠̤̻̲͙̼̹̫̲͚͉̹͙̝̳̣̪̩̠̗̯͖̠͉̬͚̼͙̝͇̤̺̜̺̱̺̠͍̪͆͑̉͒̊͋͒̅̈́̈͊̏͂̑͒͌̐̔̒͛̄̈́͂̍̒͗̒̑̆̆͂̈́̏̌̆̋̃̊̒̋̇͆̇̆̌͐̅̌̾̈́͒̒̋̇̈̅̈̑̌͒̈́̒̽̾̈́͒̚͘̚͘̚͜͜͜͝͝͝͠ͅc̷̡̛̛̼͍̟̱̭̭̼̖̙̭̼̼͈̯̻̖͕̳̰͙͚̫̪͙̗̜̱̻̺̜͙̜̓̿̒̊͐͛̾̾̆͐̋̐̏̅̄̓̈͗̒̾̀̑̇̈̍̌͒͗̄̌̈̇̈́̓̃̈̈͑̊̆̈̿̀̀͆̂̇̎͛̋͆̒̂̀͛̋͑̃̋̽̑̐͐̈̏̍͆̋͒́̽̃̽͑̀̎̂̆̄̽̍̈́͆̔̿̅̈́͊̏̏̂͌̏̌̈̑̎̚̕͘͘͘̕͘͝͝͝ͅͅͅơ̸̡̨̡̢̭̫͕͕̙̘̘̮͕̝̯̱̭̫͙̬̖̞̻͚͚̬̬̼̲̼͇̞̻͖͉̫͈̳̝̦̲͕̭͓̩̣̙̩̼͇̤̦̭͖̇̔͒͊̆͊̉̀͑̂͋̋̍͌̌̃̇̀͆̔̈̔̈́̈́̈́̽͊̇̄̐̓̍́̈́̈̌͗͐̈́̃̏̈́͂̿̐̔̈́͋̀̎̌̍́̈̾͒̐́̍͒̈͊͒̈́̈́͂̈́̌̂̉͑̒̅̈͌̀̂̋̀̎͆̄̑͒̈́̈̋̓̊͐̋͘͘̚̕̚̚͘͜͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝ͅͅư̵̧̨̧̡̨̨̨̨̡̡̧̡̡̧̧̛̛̛͎̪̰̞̟̙͔͍͔͍̲͕̩̼̭͖̪͇̪̪̥̮͔̬̜͖̤̘̝̺̬̟͇̗̣͍̬̗͙̣̹̼̳͇̘͉̜̬̼̩̦̦̙̯̲̖͓͎̫̥̹̹͔͚̰̭͎̜̭͖͚̱̯̜͕͔̫̺̻̩͙̲͕͈͔̫̤̗̬͉̥̦͉̬̜̤̗̾͌́̄̎̉̑̀̆̂̐̇̈́̒͐̈́̿͊̈̿̽̍̈̏͊͐̽̓͊̓̏̔̊͂̂͊̈́̾̆͒̄͑͂̀̃͗͋̓̽̏̌̓̽͗̃̓̌̾̅͘͘͜͜͝͠͝͝ͅͅl̴̡̨̢̨̢̨̧̨̨̡̨̛̩̮̘̗̙̲͎̯̱̣̥͙̩̝̟̥͍͖̪̺̼̯͈͉̙̲̻͍͍̯̲̤̗̭̘̣̬̫͕̯̪͖͔͈͓͖̹͕͉̹̞͚̩̜͎̤͙͉̳̭̗̖̩̝̩̭̲̝̤͚̠̯̼̻͍̠̯̺͔̘̖͍͓̭̝̭͎̺͇̼̤̝̭̥̻̫͎͚͍̗̞̙̜͇̣͚̺͙̤͂̇̇̐͛̈́͛̒̄͆̋̉̎̋͐̇̓̆͐̎̆͆͊́̎͐̈̂̑͋͂̄̀̿̊́͂͆̉͒̉̈̓̈́̓̃͂͆̄̽͆̑͆̑͐͊̈̈́̎̊̾̂̄̄̾̈̌̃͒͌̽̽̅̓͂̇̃̅̐̐͛̇̌̋͋̊̒͗͒̋̒̋̐͒͆̋͛̃̐͆̔̌̿̓̈̉̐̒̇̽̇͆́̅́́̄͐̉͋͌̉̀͗̿̋͂͒̌̽̀̃̕͘̚̕̕̚͘̚͘̕̕͘͘͘͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅd̵̡̨̡̡̨̨̧̡̡̡̛̛͓̘̞͎̞̳̝̩͖̻̜̞̟̼̣̬͙̖͓̖̲͎̪̝̭̯̙͉͚̮̰̺̣̠͇̜̞̖̱̙͉̮̺̹̠͙̱̘̹͇̼̤̱̻̤̞̩̥͖͖̭͇̼̦͇͔͇̗͍͎̼̬̘̜͔͕̯͙͈̠̜͎͎͛̂͊̄̈́̃͗̑͗͆̎̓̒̃̅̒̍̿̒͗̈́̉͐̈̈̌̿͂̋̚͠͝ͅͅͅn̷̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͍̹̮̜̙͔̬̊̍̋͑͒̑̒̏̊̔̒̽̄̎̑͌͑͛̀̑̌̒́̎̈́͂̃̃͐̂̎͊̈̆̓̈́̇̓̅̀̎̉̀̍̒̿͑̈́̂̆̄̓̐̾͂̎̈́̑̑̒̎̔̅̄̂́̌̈́͒̿̎̔̐̈́͌͛́̒̊̐̐͐̃̉͋͛̊̀͐̾̋̃̃͂͂̓̆̈́͌̅̊̀̌͑̈͒̋̈́͑̽̅̏̐̔͆̑̈̔̾̒̆̍̿̕̚͘͘͘͘̕͘͠͠͠͠͠͠ͅ'̵̨̢̨̡̡̧̧̢̡̡̧̧̢̧̡̢̨̢̛͎̠̳̦̩̗̦̩̤̺̯͍̭̱̖̫̮̯͈̜̠͙͙͖̦̫͈͙͇͉̞̪̠̩̜͈͖̙̭̲͉͇̮̣̬̺̱͕̗̰̣̜̩͚̲̺͈̺̖̻͔̝̮͈̦̬̻̰̦̫͕̯̫͚͙͖̹͕̮͉̭̼̩̹̻͕̜̱͓͇͚̭̙̯̟̠̟̣̣̼̥̣̮̗͓̗̰͈̮̗̩͚͎̟̤̯̣̰͚͍̲̭̼͈͍̖͖͚͇̎̽̉̂̈́͌̔̉͊̈͊̈́͋̑́̾̽̌͛̉̆͒̏͌͑͊̃̑̓̆̾̈͆̈́̐͒̌̈͐͆͛̋͆̀͊̾̆̄̀͌̀̇̆̓̈̌͆̐̒̓͑͒͐̂̆͘̕͘͘̚͘͘̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅt̴̢̛̛̛̫̻͖̩̲͖͔̼͇̼̽̈́̈́̌̐̑̾͊͋͊̆̐͂̄̃̋̌̄̃̾̄͊̎́̂̽̿̎̆̓̈͑͛̊̏̌̀̒͂̑̓̄̈̾̌͑̾̄͑̽̓͆̾͂̃͛̽͑̈̅͋̊̑̋̈̐̾̆̃̈̀͂͆̓̋̊̎̏̄̊̅̈́̎͒̋̊̓̒͗̕͘̚͘̚̕͘̚̕̚̚͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͝ ̶̢̢̛̛͎̩̤̟͉͔̩͍͙̮͔̿̌͗̇̐̌̇̊̉̓͂͛̿̊̾̃͗̀̄͊̽̓̌̒̆͗́̓͋̑̔́͗͒̆̓̔̿̋́͑̿̕̕͝͝͠͝͠͠͝ͅh̷̨̧̧̢̢̧̢̨̢̛̛̛̛̭̰̗̙̟̤͓̹̤̜̤̻̼̝̪̭͇̗̭̣̰͙̲̠͍̝͎̲͎͙̝̖͈̙͔̩̜̳͉̳͓͙͕̦͉̻̯̱̼͈͕͍̜̖͚͓̪̱̳̩̗̮͍̲̤̼̙̺̮̦̮̦̟̥͚̙͈͖̼̻̪̟͇̗͇͓̦̪̭̲͖͓͈̥̩̱̰̤͖̮̳̫͔̬̼̭̅͌̉̏̎̀͂̌̿̾̇́̽͋̿͗͋̉͌̓̎̍̓́̌͆́̿͆̊̎̏̽̽̌̀̐͂̾̑̿̎̋̀͋͛̂̎̀̇́̋̃̿̍̒̉͑͒͐͊̊̀̓̓̑̇͋̿̊̈͗̈́̓̒͑̋̅̂͗͊̎̔̾̌̄͗̿́́́͑̿͛̈̅͗̏̍̓̏͌̋͒̍̈́̋̓̊̓̍̍̓̌͐̂͗͐͂͐̍̽̎̈́͒̈͒͘̕͘͘͘̚̕̕͜͜͜͝͝͠͠͝͝͝ͅͅȩ̶̧̧̢̡̨̢̡̧̢̢̢̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̟̝̘̲̯̺͓͙͕̱̻̝̩̪͇̩̬͇̯͉̤̣͎̲͍͚̯̘̙̻̭̥̟͕̣͍͈̱̻͉͇̩̬̠͙̫̰͙͕͈̺̰͔̳͓̹̣͖̫̻̠̝̗̦͎̜̤͕͈͙̱̼̩̝̩̔̾̈́̅͑̐̑̇̾̔̾͑͊̋͋͊̇̆̃̌͐̍̒̒̔͊̔̃̊͒͐̏̅̄͗͂͋̉̈́̉̾̓̎̀͒̀͐̿̍̆́̐́́͋͐̌̌̾̐̓͗̊̿̋͒͑̄̓̇͌̎͆̉́̾̈́̅̍̿̏͐͑̌̈̄̆̆͆̈́͗̾͗̏̍͊̑̾̎͋̇̂͆̏̎́̍̍̓͗̏̊̾̊̔̄̆̈̂̏̿͛͋͗̈̆̍̔͗̇͋̍̄̓̊̓̓̕͘̚̚̕̕̕̕̚͘͘͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝ͅ ̷̧̛̛̻̳̤̤͕̹̘͕̣̗̭̭̪̩͎̘̗͙͖̳̞͎̹͇͎̲̜̠̮̤̜̥͓̔͛̔͌͊͋̊͌̒̊̈̋̑̈́̈̓̎̍̇̆̃̀̏̿̾̒͗̾̊̄̈̄̎̿́͌͘͘͘̚͝͝͝͠s̴̡̧̢̨̡̧̧̢̨̧̡͇̲̩̤̤̱̹̱̩̰̻͕̲̭͙̺̭̟͇͎͔̱̹͉̼̞̲̫̙̗̼̣̺͇̯͇̳̹̳̭͔̘͎̱̟͚̩̩̫͕͙̲̤̖̪̠̣͇̘͇̯̱̹̝̱̳̳͙͔̖̞̩̼̦͎̖̼̪̽͋̅̍̅̽͐̔̒͂̔̈́͂̋̓̔̈͘͜͠͝ͅͅe̷̛͇̜̠̜͋̉͂̏͐͒̑̇͌̄̀͌̏̉̐̔̂̇̌̂͑̋̀͑͆̾̉̽̃͛̆̒͒̽̎̐̇́̿̏͗͊̔̎̓̀̾́̀̽͊͑͑̑͋̾̎̌̌͊̑͐͊̈́̑̓̿̆̎̒̈͗̅̓̃͘̕̕̕̕̕̕͘͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ḛ̸̡̡̧̧̡̨̧̢̡̛̛̛̛̛͚̯̜̘̙̭̙͈͖̲̝̮͈̜̲̙̘͙̯̳͚̲̱̫̰̩͍̬̘̙̩͍̭̼̰̗̠̻̥̝̰͎̝̩̱͍̰͙̜͖̹͇͙̬̦̦͇̳̭̜̠͎̮̘̤͖̗̜̦͈̮̮̫̲̟̘̻̥̤̥̻͕̥̝̥͉̘̟̭͖̹̯͙̲̹̝͔̭̗͇̰̘̠̰̥͎͉̟̞̞̝̺̟̳͎͔͙̹͇̮̬͖͈̙̭̦̮͖̘͙̤̹͓̳̯͛͑̓̅̉͂̈́̒̔̇͐̈́̈́͂̄̈́̃̀̏̓̍̋̆̂̈́̈́̄̄̏̒̋͊̒̃͊͒͛̐͋̎̋͛͐̅̎̔̄̓̒̒̇͌̌̍̃̍̈́̎̊̍̏̂̿́̍͊͆̇̏̿̑̓̓̈́́̑̎̐̈̌͒̓̓͑͋̈́̏͂̾̽̑̌̈̒͆̎͘̚͘͘̚̕͘͜͜͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠ͅͅͅ?̶̨̨̧̡̨̧̨̢̢̢̨̨̡̛̛̛̻̖̝̮̻͚͙͉̩͎̮̟͉̟̗̩̺͉͓̪͖͕̮̰͓̫͎̝̙̺̞̺̤͚͙̖͇̘̜̳̤̯̫̣̼͙̮͍̖̜̭̱̘̫͚͍̗̹͎̦̹̼̣̳̪͈̹̬̝͖͇̖̞̳̩̝͓̺͔̗̗̟̰̫͍͇̯̞̻̲̤̲͈͚̬̗̮͇̮̻͈̯͉̫̘͕̳̳̞̠̱̟͓̹̲̗̠͔͈̒̇̍̍̌͋͑̃̏̍̍̾̆̆̑̊͗̒̉̒͆̈́̂́͋̅̿̓́́̊͒̊̊̍̍̊̄̐̊́̓͐̉̀̾̓̓͆͌́͑̿̓̏͗͋̀̾̀͑̏̐̏̽̉̈̾̈̋͒̾͋̓̚̕̚̕̕͘͘͜͜͜͝͠͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅ
And there was that spark noise, Steve whipped around to see a man with a long billowing red Cape that floated around him as if he was being influenced by unseen waves.
"Well for one, that Spider Man I remember him there." That made Steve freeze, so...the Spider man was there as well? Fighting?! How much pain had they put on a child!? "I also remember this Silver Metal Man....Someone in all black, the Brunette man, and...some...Red man."
"Oh! I'm so sorry Mr. Phone!" Peter called out as he picked up the phone again, letting Tony see his face again, and he looked even goofier than he remembered, His hair was gelled up in one spike on top of his head.
Tony slowly sat himself on the white floor, it felt like air but there was a significant feeling of cold on his thighs. So Howard had killed him...and the conscious known as T.O.N.Y. was running the system. That meant...Tony's body was still...connected?
But he had to escape! He didn't know for how much longer Howard would stay away! He had to get out! Tony used his right hand and gingerly dug his fingers in his skin to find the connecting point to whatever the wires were plugged into. He wanted to get
Electricity didn't like Father at all...there was no singing involved when Howard held out his hand, there was no humm or buzz of love but only frustration at being manipulated into the joints Father wanted the electricity to have.
"Tony we need to head to Shield Medical not the Compound." Steve offer, Bucky still had his head down and the way he was sheltered next to Steve really showed how much in shock he was in.
A short chapter I know, but the next chapter we get to see everyone else, and by now you should be able to tell what exactly happened to Tony, if not, there's still a bit more to go, so keep your eyes open! Also Look at that! A reveal, the reason why the body moved, why Tony is split, Let me know what you think!
Finally got this finished. It took a long time to get this done. Thank you everyone who commented, it always makes me feel better to read them, and fuels me to write faster. This is a more boring chapter but we are finally getting into the bulk of the story. So we can finally figure out what is happening with Tony.
