This question is thrown at him in replacement of a greeting so often now that Castiel knew it would haunt him in the future. Simple words were spoken so easily by others, and yet it leaves Cas flinching while a cold dread runs through his body.
They were both stiff at first but eventually, Cas relaxed against him, his head resting softly against Dean’s shoulder while Dean continued to read about the magical journey that Cas has watched the movie for but never read before.
The fishing trip was longer than he thought, but it was a nice distraction from his Mia session. He can only talk about his fear of becoming his Dad or even becoming his Mom, for so long.
“I’ll be back soon.” Dean has told him this already, but it was reassuring, even to himself, to say it again. “I’ll get you some new food you can try.”
“The last real Christmas I had - I was three, Cas.” Dean opened the trunk of the Impala to start stuffing the bags. “Plus, I’m pretty sure that I imagine all those happy memories I had with my Mom and Dad.”
Cas looked down at his clothes and opened his trench coat more to show Dean the dark green flower-patterned button-down shirt he was wearing underneath.
Cas turned back to look at Dean, eyes soft and a warm half-smile. “Can I… Can I ask for a kiss?” Cas cleared his throat before he looked back down at the ground. “I’ve seen Eileen and Sam give each other goodbye kisses, and I was just wondering if I could - if we could also, maybe, try that sometime?”
Jack covered Cas’s mouth with his tiny hands while Cas tried talking, both of them laughing as they left the kitchen.
Mira. I don't know why I keep writing for this. I love it so much and I just can't let it go. So here you go. Yes, I am already working on the next part. Sorry for all those who keep thinking you are done reading this. You are not.
looked back at Jack before he leaned over and pressed a kiss on Dean’s cheek. “I have a lot to live for now. A family.”
Dean raised his hand to punch his brother, but Sam dodged it by quickly stopping and hiding behind Jack, who looked between them with wide eyes before he softly smiled.
Cas felt his body go cold as his arms sagged to his side. His eyes dropped as tears mixed with the blood on his face.
“Yeah.” Dean chuckled as he lifted his head to look back at Cas because his voice was slightly off. “You know you don’t really need excuses to kiss me, but I thought it would be a good stepping stone for us since we’re both so-”
He took a quick picture, sending it to Eileen to inform her that he was free for dinner, and closed the door while he thought about his girlfriend. He wanted to stay here because Cas and Jack have been dealing with a lot, and he didn’t want Dean to deal with that alone, but maybe…maybe it’s time for him to start his own life too.
Cas was not the best singer, but Dean enjoyed it nonetheless. He enjoyed seeing Cas close his eyes and belt out the lyrics, even if they were wrong, and enjoy himself.
“Oh good, Cas you’re here. I need help finding-” Dean stops dead on his tracks as he looks at Cas confused. “Dude, what the hell you wearing?”
When they walked into the motel room they found Cas in the same spot where they left him. Dean had tucked him into one of the beds and there he slept, something an angel really shouldn’t be doing, while Dean let the worry eat at him.
“But Dean I need more. I want more. I want you.” Cas nuzzled their noses together, their breathing heavy as it touched their lips. “Please. It hurts.”
Cas was dressed in his usual white button-up and slacks but they looked a lot more ruffled up than usual. His hair looked unkempt as it curled at the ends—Dean wasn’t complaining he loved it—and his typical neat shirt was wrinkled with sleeves pulled up to his elbows. He looked the guy up and down before his eyebrows creased together.
Cas only hummed in response, probably expecting Dean to continue to spill his guts at this random burger joint. Instead, Dean looked up at him, “Should we order some shakes to go?”
Even if they were the wrong people to talk about liking yourself. Pretty sure Eileen — fuck, maybe even Sammy — was the most okay person in the head in this room. Though, Miracle beat them all by a long run.
Dean’s side gigs included selling his homemade food Friday through Sunday—he can almost call himself a caterer—while on Thursday, he preps during the day and works as a janitor in a big law office at night. Today was Thursday, so Dean had to wake up early to go to the big marketplace downtown. They sold the chicharrones de harina in bulk for cheap, and they had all the ingredients he’ll need to make the syrups for the raspados himself.
“I wish I could heal you.” Cas’s words were so low and careful that Dean wondered if he was supposed to hear them.
Dean blinked a couple more times to focus on Cas and noticed how he was fully dressed—wearing some sweatpants and a plain white shirt under one of Dean’s plaid shirts. Dean wiped his eyes with the back of his hand after he tucked the gun back in his waistband.
Cas saw a flicker of hesitation in the person’s eyes as they hold the money in their grasp. He knew this look. They weren’t going to pay him. Believing they are above it. They believe Castiel is too low to fight for it.
“It’s not fair. Why should I live and be happy when so many of our siblings never got the chance? Or so many human lives I have taken. I could have tried better to save those possessed souls. Or even tried harder to keep my promise to protect those in my charge, but I let Jimmy Novak down. I let Kelly down. I abandoned Claire and Jack. And Dean,” Cas sighed, it was shaky, and Dean could hear the pain in his every breath. “I even let you down, Gabriel, and yet you come here to help me.”
It was only the first few minutes when Ralph walked in with a full cowboy getup that Cas laughed and when he met Dean’s curious eyes, enjoying every second of that rare laugh. Cas pointed at Ralph and then him. “Dean that’s you.” He laughed harder as soon as the words left his mouth and Dean hit him with a pillow.
When Dean calls for Jack, he expects to look up and see his 20-ish looking kid, but instead, he hears squeaking yellow crocs before he hears a little voice respond with, “Did you call me, Dean?” And Dean looks down, reminded once again that the Jack they knew was gone, and Dean was left shuffling on his feet knowing damn well that he wasn’t going to ask this little four-year-old for help with research.
Jack shook his head, ready to turn and leave again. “It’s fine. I’ll just wait for Cas to come home.”
Dean and Cas are adjusting to the growing changes in their lives. Most importantly to the small child running around the bunker with the memories of his past still burdening him.
"My husband had spoken! We are going to sleep. Is that what you want to film?" Dean asked and the cameraman nodded.
Dean pulls away from Cas and stands up looking around for whoever was calling him but there was nobody. His head was starting to hurt as if pressure was building up inside it.
Dean cooked them a quick breakfast of just some bacon mixed with eggs, coffee, toast, and a side of some microwave pancakes. John came down to join them as soon as the food was done and it was a silent breakfast until Dean tells Sam to go shower next, he can use whatever was left of the hot water since Dean is used to the cold. A cold shower would do him some good.
“He left me too!” Dean raised his voice; it sounded broken to admit such a thing out loud. And to Claire of all people. He slumped down against the car again and looked at the ground to ignore her big blue eyes throwing sympathy glares his way. “He left me—more times than you know. And—and don’t tell anyone I told you this—but I…I was scared. Each goddamn time I’m scared that
That morning was a bit rough, considering they all had their appointment with Mia via skype. So Dean just wanted some peaceful R&R before tomorrow when they will be helping Sam with a few cases and the hunting network he is creating with Garth.
“Where do I play in?” Dean watches her drink the whole thing in one swing. It probably does nothing for her, but she always did like to look intimidating. Even with the light pink silk pantsuit she was wearing. She looked down at the empty glass before she coldly looked back at him.
He won’t take that option away from Jack. He won’t be that monster anymore. It’s gonna take some time to repair the messy relationship, but Dean is willing to work on it. To be better not only for Jack but for the rest of his family as well.
“Seriously, dude! Who fucking kisses someone and then drops them like that? I mean...I thought I meant more to you than that.”
“I-I shouldn’t.” Cas accepts Dean’s kindness for a second longer before gently moving Dean’s hand away. “You’re working. Let me just pay you so you can stop wasting your time here.”
“Don’t kiss him,” Dean whispers to Cas who nodded once before he went to lay down on the bed. He curled in on himself as he closed his eyes, clearly still in pain.
Dean cleared his throat before holding his hand out, not looking at Cas as he does so. Once again, Cas does not take it, so Dean wiggles his fingers hoping maybe that would get Cas’s attention, but when he turns around, he notices Cas has been staring at his face.
And before Dean can respond, Cas leaned in for a kiss. Taking Dean’s face gently in his hands and pressing their lips together for a few seconds. Dean didn’t move and that was enough of an answer for Cas. He didn’t need to hear the rejecting words.
Dean couldn’t find it in himself to answer back to him but his actions always spoke for him before, Cas knew that, so before he could overthink and psych himself out, he leaned down to press a soft kiss to Cas’s chapped lips.
Dean pulls away from Cas and sees everyone staring at him as the windows get dark and he sees small thing start to disappear because he was remembering again. “You are not my family.”
Dean took it, pressing the phone between his ear and shoulder before holding his arms out so Jack can jump into them.
Dean couldn’t finish his sentence while looking from Amara to Jack, watching as she looked herself over and then slowly lifted her hand, ready to snap. He flinched at the sight, and her eyes landed on him before her fingers…The echo of her snap felt hallow in his chest, but everything still looked normal. The lights turned back on in the bunker, and Dean could finally see the ashy remains around Cas’s eyes.
“Only kisses. Until we can get rid of this spell and then you…you can tell me what you really want.”
Dean just nodded and jogged towards the room and then took a deep breath before he entered the room that decorated with a huge circular couch, coffee table in the middle, and there was a bar behind the cameras. At least Dean knew where he was heading as soon as this was over.
Dean should have seen the kiss coming. Cas wasn’t even paying attention to any of his words; instead looked down at his lips the whole time. Licking them once before he moved in and brushed their lips together. And fuck,
It was Cas turn to introduce his three people, he can ask Cas about that later but right now he had names to learn.
“Estas siego, viejo!” Dean walked over to the small mirror that hung on the wall. You can barely see yourself in it because of the Jesus painting on it, but it still worked. “I’m just going out with some friends.”
“I’m not here to fix you, Dean.” Dean looked up at her, ready to question her because then why the hell was he here for? She smiled at him while she leaned forward as if to tell him a secret. “I’m just here to listen.”
“How’s your family taking it, Castiel?” The host lady said and Dean could feel Cas stiffen up beside him.
“There you two are.” Dean turned around when he heard Cas’s voice. He was carrying the oat milk Dean kept insisted they don’t need while Cas suggested otherwise. “I told you to grab the bread, and instead, you’re
They all stared at the giant green box on the floor with the lid holding a giant red bow that looked professionally wrapped.
“Merry Christmas, Cas.” Dean smiled back at him as he feels Cas wrap his arms around his waist to pull him closer. “You’re real, right?”
Cas started to turn to walk away, but Dean grabbed his arm to keep him from leaving. “Dude, what is it?”
He knew he was attractive and he has had enough one night stands and people flirting with him that he knew it wasn't his looks that held him back. Dean has always been busy to actually date, he had a family to look after. He pretty much raised his little brother Sam and now he is working twice as hard to help pay off Sam's school. Everything he did revolve around either Sam, taking care of his alcoholic father, working at his uncle Bobby's garage or Ellen's bar, and then came to his precious impala. Not in that order.
Dean gave Sam a teasing smile. "Aw, that's so sweet, Sammy, I think I feel like...singing! That is what they do in those crappy movies you watch right?"
"Captain America? Nice." Dean winked at him as he brushed his teeth over one of the sinks and Cas went to stand in front of the other.
“I want Jack to grow up happy,” Dean says, quiet enough for the darkness to swallow his words but loud enough so the sound machine couldn’t. “Knowing that his family loves him.”
Three people. That's enough for Cas to feel much better about this decision he is making. But once again he decided to ask if he was making some sort of mistake.
Dean didn't know if the picked a guy or a girl for him since he wrote in the application that he is bisexual. He may have also stayed in the shower longer since he could hear the camera crew starting to show up and Bobby was already yelling about how crowded the house was getting.
“Okay, I’ll stop.” Dean turned towards the map again but then turns back to look at Cas. “Has Sam seen you?”
Dean leaned in a pressed a soft kiss on Cas’s lips. His heart racing while thinking of them being in the middle of the grocery store, but when he pulls away to see Cas blink his eyes open, them so bright and sparkling with soft love, all that initial panic melts away.
“Tough shit. We could have had this conversation five years ago but you decided to drop me from your life.”
"You’re doing fine, kiddo!" Gabriel was sitting on one of the hotel chairs tying his shoes as he looked up at Cas. "Don't you agree Mr. Camera Man Sir?"
“Stop. I don’t wanna hear it.” Dean was ready to argue with him, but Cas raised his head, eyes determined before he stalked over to Dean. “You aren’t that person anymore, right? You wanna become better and be a good father to Jack, am I right?”
Jack turned to look at Dean, and it wasn’t until Jack hugged the bear to his chest that Dean realized he had it in his hands at all.
Cas gave him a sad smile again as his hands slid up to press Dean’s cheeks together. “I love you so much.” Dean sucked in a hiss of a breath at the words said so suddenly. “So please take care of yourself so that I can love you for a long time.”
5 years later, he noticed a familiar figure coming out of the store across from the garage he worked at. They were all bundled up for the cold but Dean would recognize that ugly coat anywhere. He called out saying he was going on a quick break and raced out into the street. He didn’t even realize that he still held on to hope to see Cas again and knew that if this was a case of mistaken identity then he would be crushed.
Four years later and they are still married. Dean had surprised Cas with a big wedding after their one year anniversary. It was beautiful and in some fancy country club that Dean had to pretty much beg to get the date. On their third wedding anniversary, Dean and Cas announce they are adopting a child to keep the cat they have at home company.
“I’m...I’m sorry, Charlie.” Dean covered his face in his hands as he let out a huff. “I thought I saw an old friend come in here.”
“Dean.” Cas rolled his eyes as he took Dean’s hand off his cheek and glared at him. “This is serious. You promised you would give this a shot.”
“Where is everyone else?” Dean asked looking down at the food Cas places in front of him. He tried to ignore the fact that he knew the real Cas can’t cook.
“I um-I usually head home around six. I can um,” Dean rubbed at the back of his neck, not meeting Cas’s eyes as he carefully says. “I can come by after if you want.”
Before Dean could really let panic set into his chest, he heard Sam call out to him. Dean was running, pushing the corn stalks out of the way, in the direction of Sam’s voice. When he finally pushed the last plant out of his view, he almost fell from the flattened stalk that circled around two unconscious bodies sitting on either side of the crop circle. Sam was already kneeling beside Jack who was laying on his stomach and groaning in pain. He’s alive!
walked out of the front door—his trust in him really was lacking—and Claire decided that dealing with Dean was much easier than having to talk to
Cas looks at Dean in shock. He was doing this for Cas. He was doing this to make Cas much more comfortable, was he that obvious he didn't like the cameras on him? Cas gave Dean a warm smile before he reached over to kiss Dean's cheek. "That was very kind of you to try, Dean, but I will rather not have my husband arrested on the first day."
“Jack gifted me the shirt.” Cas shrugged and then walked to stand by Dean to look down at the map. “Now where do you believe the nest is?”
, Dean.” Cas took Dean’s shoulders so he could look him in the eyes. “You deserve to let go. You deserve to heal just like everybody else. Please. Do this for yourself. Do one damn thing for yourself.”
Cas tried hard to control his expression, Dean could see his wheels turning in his head, trying to comprehend what Dean was saying to him, but he stayed quiet. Waiting. Listening.
“Dean, I told you that’s you.” He smiled and Dean didn’t have it in him to argue, even as a joke. Instead, he nodded, smiling back at Cas, while his grinch heart grew three sizes.
Sam reached down to kiss her forehead before kissing her lips. “Yeah, that sounds great. We could eat it at
“You didn’t bring me-!” Dean stops when Jack makes a noise, continuing when he sees Jack relax again. Dean whispers this time. “You didn’t bring me anything?”
The camera guy did just film them walking around and getting ready for bed. Dean sleeps only in long plaid pajama bottoms and shirtless, Cas noticed that tattoo on his chest and decides to ask about that when he wasn't so tired. Cas sleeps in his new pair of plain blue pajama bottoms, Alfie said Cas regular duck ones would not be acceptable, and a Captain America shirt that Anna has gotten him a few months back.
"What's so funny?" Dean whispered back to him and stood on his elbow to look down at Cas. He had a smile and Cas smiled back as he removed his hand to stare up at Dean. Luckily it wasn't so dark under the sheets and Cas could see Dean's freckled face. He really likes those freckles.
“I should have warned you all to look away. Though that wouldn’t have saved you either way.” Amara’s eyes finally went back to normal. She sat down on top of one of the library’s tables and looked down at her hands. “Don’t worry. I fixed everything around us.”
“Siblings.” Gabriel chuckled. “You know you’re the only one who still calls us that.” There was a pause, and Gabriel sighed. “Maybe cause you were the only one who truly ever cared.”
Castiel was moving on with his life. He is engaged to a man who loves him and has a semi-relationship with his family. Then his father dies and Cas has to go back to his hometown. It's fine. It's not like he would bump into the man he loved on his first day back and realize that - oh shit! He still loves him! Now what?
They will get their punishment in hell soon enough, but Cas wasn’t a righteous angel or even a human right now. He just wanted to get this over with so he can move on. If he does this three times today, he would have saved enough money for that motel by the road. For one night of peace of mind.
It’s been a few weeks since Cas has gotten out of the big empty, and things are starting to look better for all of them.
John and Dean stood outside the door and waited for their cue. John was adjusting anything that needed adjusting on Dean's suit before he patted Dean's shoulder gently.
‘Dean!’ Dean looks up thinking someone called for him but everyone was watching Bobby struggle to open a present Gabriel has got him. ‘Dean, wake up!’
Their shoulders brushed as they walked, and fingers twitched to hold him again, but Dean ignored it, had enough practice with that to successfully do so.
Well, I hope you all would have a good New Year and that you stay safe. I'm sure Dean and Cas are somewhere ringing in the New Year with their family in the bunker :)
Dean doesn’t turn around to respond, mostly to hide the stupid shit-eating grin he had on his face. “I said I’ll see you later!” But he does wave goodbye, ringing the bell as he goes.
“Cabron!” Victor said with no fire in his tone but a growing grin across his face. He held his hand out for Dean to take for a handshake. “Nice to see you, primo. Where’s Sam?”
spent the rest of the night watching his kids getting along, looking the happiest Dean had seen him in a really long time.
“Why wasn’t I let in on the plan?” Sam sat across from Gabriel who turned his beer into a cherry coke.
Dean couldn’t think of any words but luckily his body reacted before anything else and Dean found himself pushing Cas back into bed and kissing the ever-loving fuck out of him.
“I’ll explain in the car.” Cas threw a packed duffle at Dean and noticed the bandages were still around his fingers. “But we gotta go now.”
“I live in an underground bunker with my ex-angel of the lord…boyfriend—fuck. Never said that word out loud before.” He looked up to see Mia writing away, and then she motioned with her hand to continue, so he did. “Um, you meet him. Cas. I’m talking ‘bout Cas.”
He closes his eyes and lets his mind drift off to somewhere more pleasant. Somewhere warm. Someone warm.
3 a. m. and Dean was sitting in the hospital waiting room waiting for his brother to get there while Jack sat stiffly by his side.
He walked in and quickly meet eyes with his family before he took a deep calming breath and pretty much ran down the aisle to where he was supposed to stand, not meeting the eyes of the strangers on the other side of the room.
Dean and Cas shared a look before Cas shook his head. “Dean was referencing a movie, Jack, but you feeling wrong in your body is a sort of human thing. Right, Dean?”
Dean just heard the word blood and quickly ran over, thinking the ex-angel accidentally cut himself, but when he stood by Cas’s side, he looked down to see something way worse.
Also, the fact that Cas was human now, grace bubbling away in a small vial around Cas’s neck, was something they both had to get used to.
“Is your hand cramping up?” Cas takes the hand Dean just stretched out to him and started messaging it gently with both of his hands. “You keep stretching it. I’m sorry I can’t heal it, but maybe I can continue doing this? I don’t even know if it’s doing anything but-”
“You’re hair is looking good.” Dean ran the comb through the back of Cas’s head and kept cutting. “Now, you don’t look so much like your bestie Shaggy.”
“Jo took your parents to church remember? And Balth is still out traveling,” Cas explained as he sat down at the table starting to eat.
His voice was rough, stiff, and filled with regret that Dean didn’t entirely understand. He started to think he’ll never understand what goes through the angel’s head, but after this disturbing turn of events, he’ll have to try harder to notice the small things. Like now, Cas’s tongue quickly pokes out in a nervous gesture.
Dean handed Cas his raspado across the cart, Dean needed to keep his distance, but he knew when Cas reached for it, their fingers would touch; he looked forward to the simple touch each time.
"Jess is coming down today and will arrive just in time for the wedding. Dad's taking a shower and Bobby's coming by soon with our suits."
Dean moved to stand in front of Cas now, shaking his hair as he went, to double-check his length and make sure it looked good.
Dean enjoyed the happiness and content look on his boyfriend’s face, considering he just came down from a panic attack because the hair clippers made a triggering noise for him, and he kept leaning down to kiss his face whenever he could. Loving the way Cas leaned into it and sometimes made such a happy sigh that Dean’s stomach did a flip.
“You’re not bothering anybody, Miracle,” Cas said in his usual voice because, of course, he doesn’t change his tone to talk to animals like a regular person, making Dean embarrassed whenever he catches himself baby talking to her. Cas starts scratching her head as she wags her tail.
“I never wanted…” Dean shook his head as his eyes tightly shut for a second. “Does he want to be human because of me?”
Dean cracked a smile even if his heart was racing hard against his ribs. “You haven’t left my side since you’ve been back, so goodbye kisses are kinda hard for us.”
"You think he may see you walking around and leave like in blind dates?" She teased and Sam laughed while he can even hear John laughing behind him.
When Dean finally arrived at Eileen’s, she asked if he was sick because he was looking flushed. Dean ended up telling her what happened, mostly because she actually looked concerned for him, and her response was, “How was it? He looks like he’ll be one hell of a kisser.”
“Hiya, Cas.” Dean scratches the back of his head, feeling that fake bravado quickly fading. “Sorry to hear about your Dad.”
The compliment was shocking to them both, for Dean especially. He awkwardly cleared his throat while trying to think of an excuse. Maybe even use the whole English as a second language excuse, but Cas quietly responded with a, “Thanks, Dean. You look pretty good yourself.”
“Oh. Dean isn’t-” Cas frowned over at Dean, but Dean just shook his head, letting him know that it was okay. Cas squinted at him before he gave a small smile, not understanding but accepting. “You order for me?”
Cas swallowed loudly but he nodded in understanding. His eyes were pained but still warm as he rested his head on Dean’s shoulder. Dean wrapped his arm around Cas’s and held him close. It was for the best.
He opened his eyes, hoping she would have answers for him, but she only scribbled away in her notebook.
Dean watched as Cas fidgeted with the necklace. He looked down on the ground and shook his head, “I don’t want to hear it.”
“Sorry, I should have checked first.” Dean grinned at him, cheeks feeling hot because he wasn’t sure if they would continue their makeout session. Because now Dean has time to process what they were doing, and holy shit, he is making out with Castiel.
“I want to!” Cas quickly leaned into Dean’s space again and he probably didn’t mean to lean in so close but Dean was also not thinking as he met him halfway to press their lips together. It was just a quick kiss before they pulled apart.
Dean saw Cas try to reach for him with his bandaged hands but winced as pain probably shot through him. Dean carefully laid his hand softly on top of his. They are working on a spell to heal him hopefully, but Rowena was busy running Hell to answer her phone. Still, Sam says he could probably get it done in a few days. They have to hunt down some ingredients.
“So dinner?” Eileen found him in his room and walked over, arms ready to wrap around his middle. “I was thinking Chinese? We can share a plate of green beans, and you can get that tofu you like.”
She stood her ground against him. Why would she ever feel anything but superior to him? But he was starting to feel…anger bubbling inside him again. Anger disguises the fear that he is never willing to admit to.
“You’re holding hands!” Jack pointed at their joined hands and then covered his mouth. “Oops. Sam said not to point it out.”
As soon as Dean parks the car, he opens his door, “Come on; we can sit on the hood. You might wanna put that jacket on.”
Dean knew understanding clicked in Cas’s mind, so he slowly twined their fingers together and started to drag Cas into the store where Sam and Jack were still waiting for them.
In the morning Cas woke up much warmer than he was used to and maybe it was because of the warm body that was wrapped around him. He didn't know if he should wake Dean up or even move so he laid there and closed his eyes enjoying the unfamiliar warmth.
Dean stopped pacing and turned to look behind him to see Cas standing at the doorway. His blue eyes were still red-rimmed from his earlier session, and Dean quickly rushed to him.
Thank you so much for reading and leaving such awesome comments!! I got way too many AU's - you can thank hyperfixation for that one - so I'll keep bothering you guys with my stories :)
Victor’s eyes traveled from Dean to Cas, who was waiting where Dean left him looking angelic under the streetlamp, before falling back to Dean. He wondered what could be going through Victor’s mind right that moment, but then he heard his friend let out a heavy sigh.
He let go of his son’s face and instead decided to pick him up and carry him in his arms for a while. It’s only been a week of having Jack like this, but holding him really made Dean feel like his kid wasn’t going to disappear. He held Jack against his side with one arm while he pushed the cart with his other hand. It made it harder for himself, but he also had Jack’s head lying on his shoulder, and that was worth bumping into a few people.
“Grandpa, come see the tree!” Claire said pulling Bobby away and Ellen telling them both to be careful with the tree before continuing the conversation with Cas.
“Good. You shouldn’t.” Gabriel said, and then he hears the bed squeak; he must have sat down. “But you gotta move on from it. You can’t just let it eat at you.”
“He’s so desperate for your approval.” She walks over to him until they were standing mere inches apart. The pull that he once felt towards her was long gone, and while she may still say that he was important to her. Dean has now become second place in her heart. “He was willing to become
“I want that for both of you.” Dean declared with pure sincerity, not wanting to make Cas think that he was joking.
“Yeah. Had to work a little bit harder on my end, but I got him.” He reached over and patted her shoulder. “
Dean was locked up in a room full of hot-headed Novak siblings while they read Chuck's last testimony out loud. Lucky for Dean, Cas doesn't mind being used as a pillow. Unlucky for Dean, Cas's siblings are assholes.
“Rejection? If you would have given me some damn time to process then you would have known that I loved you too!”
Dean took the advice and gripped Cas hand before he closed his eyes and rested his head on the back of the seat.
“Dude, just kiss him. Rowena said the pain was just gonna get worse until we figured out-” Cas loud groan as he hunched over in the back seat distracted them but then Sam finished. “Until we figured out the cure for the spell the witch put on him. A spell that should have hit you if Cas didn’t push you out of the way.”
“So you watched this as a kid?” Cas said, mouth full and head tilted as Dean settled on his side of the couch.
“She was only trying to protect her own kid.” Cas sighed, always so understanding. Dean hated it. He was too mad, worried, to be understanding. “Jack doesn’t look like the four-year-old he is. Seeing a grown man in a playground playing with children doesn’t look so good.”
“They even have you against me, princess?” Dean complained when his fifth attempt to kiss his boyfriend was a failure, but Cas did let out a beautiful deep laugh that shook his whole body. It made him look brighter. Angelic, even but he will
"They are filming us again." Cas whispered to him and that is the thing that made Dean open his eyes. He peaked up to see the camera on them before he groaned and covered both of them under the blanket. "What are you doing?"
And Jim followed Dean inside the hotel as they shared small talk and Jim informs him that Cas is already inside along with a few other couples.
and if he thought of it too much, he was gonna panic in the middle of the canned food aisle. And that would be fucking embarrassing for everyone involved.
Then, when Dean was caught staring from the doorway, Cas had thrown the pillow at him as if it was a weapon before sighing in relief to see it was only Dean. Dean closed the bedroom door behind him and walked across the room to get his boyfriend in his arms.
Then he has his brother and Eileen. He loves them both so much, and they need their space; he gets that, he wishes Cas and him will get to - Wow! Hold your horse, Winchester!
“Parents?” Dean said to himself which luckily they didn’t hear. Cas and Claire started talking about what Balthazar could have sent. Why would Jo take his parents to church? He can’t remember if either of his parents were religious before...before everything happened. He can’t remember-
Those words make him stare up at her and watch as she holds a glowing vial that matched Cas’s own. He reaches to take it with shaky hands, staring at it while a lump filled his throat.
“Ay, mi Angelito, he didn’t say it in a mean way. It’s just the way we talk to each other. He’s my friend.”
“No.” He chuckled while she hid her face from him, asking him to continue. “But I was mad at him. Real fucking pissed, actually. At him. At…at everyone. Sam and Jack didn’t even wanna be near me.” He tries to shake off those dark memories of screaming and feeling nothing but agonizing loneliness. “I just shut down and gave up on…a lot of things because he was gone. Couldn’t really see a point, you know?”
Cas hugged her to his chest and hid his face into her fur as she happily wagged her tail. “You don’t want me to kiss someone with gross beef jerky breath, right princess?”
He was already pedaling away when he heard someone call out to him. He hits the breaks half haphazardly, and the gallons shake on his cart, threatening to fall out. He was about to turn around, but then he realizes he hears footsteps running closer, and then he hears heavy breathing by his ear.
He winked at Cas, trying to be light-hearted about the subject, but Cas pulled away with a little, “Oh.”
"Of course. He is very handsome." Cas smiled and the cameraman smiled back as he gives him a thumbs up.
Then he saw the familiar figure walk into the coffee shop. Dean ran over not thinking that was still in his work overalls covered in oil and dirt. He wished he looked nice but he was afraid that if he lost track of him now then he will never see him.
Either way here it is! I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter! And thank you so much for the comments you guys are leaving! It makes my heart soar I swear!
He could live like this for the rest of his life. As much as Dean wanted more, he was okay with this. Having Cas like this. Seeing him like this. Shaggy hair that curls up at the tips and stubble that was already too long but must feel so good against Dean’s skin. Cas’s baggy sweatpants that fall too low on his hips and Dean’s old band tees that were exclusively worn for sleep cling to his muscled frame.
Bobby came over; just when Dean was getting in the shower, with Ellen and Jo right behind him arguing about leaving Ash in charge for the day and if it’s a good or bad idea. Dean stayed in the shower longer than he expected, mostly because he just stood there arguing to himself to just run away screaming but his curiosity on how his fiancé may look or how they may think of him won.
“Yours too! But you don’t take a nap two times a day. You still get up and do things. You try and-and I’ve been so fucking…useless.”
“Every time I stopped, he looked like he was about to wake up, so I just kept reading.” Dean shrugged, feeling a little embarrassed saying it out loud, and he cleared his throat before looking at the paper bag. “What did you get me?”
Dean drops his head as he shuts his eyes to let out a shaky breath. He can feel the tightness in his chest bubble up while the prickly feeling rises up his arms, and he fucking hates it. This was starting to happen a lot more recently, and he wondered if the hero-mojo is wearing off because he never remembers his anxiety - fuck he has anxiety - being this bad. But if he thinks of everything that happened and
“Cas?” He crawled over to him and started to wipe him clean with his fingers, but his eyes were still there.
“I wanted to ask earlier, but I think we will both be more comfortable in private.” Cas dropped his hand so he could slide his hand up to Dean’s arm before he took hold of his shoulder. “I never knew how…
He has…he has Cas now. Again. As a human. As a…fuck they really should talk about names because he feels too old to have a boyfriend. But he has Cas, the way he only ever dreamt of having him, and, fuck; he loves him. He loves him so much, and he is loved in return. He knows this. Cas reminds him every night, and he is slowly starting to believe it.
"Hello." Dean heard a deep velvet voice come out of this man's lips and Dean might as well be drooling.
It was a beautiful afternoon, and even though they were constantly in each other’s spaces at home, Dean recommended a nice family walk with some fresh air. Leaving the bunker, even just for a few minutes, always brightened everyone’s mood, so he brought a football along and even packed a few snacks so they could stay at the park as long as possible.
“Cas,” Dean dropped Cas’s hands and reached to cradle his face gently. “Talk to me, please. Let me help. Tell me how to help you.”
One time Dean forgot again, so he asked Jack to answer the phone in the map room while he was busy scrubbing at the burnt pan — apparently, caramel burns really fucking easy — and it took his mind a few seconds to catch up with what he said to realize what was going to happen.
“Thanks. Call me tomorrow, and I’ll work for you this weekend!” Dean starts walking backward, back to Cas.
"May I present to you Mr. And Mr. Winchester! You may now kiss your husband." The minister said and Cas froze up for a second. How could he forget that he was supposed to kiss this stranger? Well he already married him so...
“Come on.” Dean stood up and tugged at Cas’s hand before dropping it. “I’ll make you some tea or whatever.”
Cas was surprised by the gesture and simply nodded. Dean took the next extra steps before he took Cas waist and pulled him for a kiss. Cas was surprised by the tug but as soon as Dean's lips touched his own he melted into them. It was a short and sweet kiss. Cas was unsure of what to do with his hands but then Dean pulled away, with a small wink, before Cas decided. Dean’s fingers laced with his own as he then leads the way out of the ceremony area and back into the hall while there family's clapped beside them.
He knows que su Tío no lo va sacar de la casa pero todavía Dean tenía miedo. He was scared to admit this part of himself was real when it felt like a sin in his culture. ¡Ser gay es una cosa pero bisexual! ¡Ni madres! That doesn’t exist. Not where he is from.
Being in the motel with Cas was fine, they would snuggle up in the bed while  Dean tried to do some work but Cas always kissed for too long. Always let his hands travel and his fingers dig into his skin with soft strokes so Dean decided it was best they walked around. That also didn’t work much because now it just looked like Dean had a very clingy boyfriend on him at all times.
“That would be his decision to make.” She lifted her hand, ready to snap. “He knows that when he needs me, I’ll be here. Maybe make sure he knows the same thing applies to you, Dean.”
Castiel hated when gravel dug into his skin. He always insisted on doing whatever they wanted somewhere private, but this person wanted it outside while promising to pay twice as much, so he didn’t say no. Fighting the disgust he felt inside at being out in the open. The full moon finally out to shine a light on his hideous act.
Fuck. He already hated himself for letting their first kiss be because of a witch spell. He wasn’t going to let his first time with the angel be because of that either. It felt gross and wrong. What if it was the spell talking and not Cas? What if Cas actually didn’t want him? He’s gonna savor every damn kiss is what he’ll do.
“Jack?” He called out as Dean stood by their side. Jack’s eyes were still far away for a second or two longer before he blinked a few times. His hands roughly touch his face. As if checking if it was still there. “Jack? Are you okay?”
This time his voice was filled with more relief as he quickly covered Dean’s hand with one of his own. Dean can only nod at him, not trusting his voice, before taking his free hand to run down the side of Cas’s face.
“Goodnight.” Cas laid on his side while he pulled the blanket higher over Dean’s shoulders before his hand settled on Dean’s cheek. Thumb slowly moving across his cheekbones.
Things were still not okay between all of them - his own relationship with Jack was definitely fucking rocky, to put it nicely - but they were working on it. He…
"Don't I know it." Sam laughed and Dean fought the urge to punch his brother with the camera on him. "It's going to be great though. You deserve a happy ending Dean."
It started off slow, sweet, and that was enough to jump-start his heart. When Cas started to pull away Dean chased his lips again. Softly biting down on Cas’s lower lip to hear that soft gasp and finally be able to taste Cas. It wasn’t just a dream anymore. Cas was in his arms and he was pressed hard against him while his tongue was exploring Dean’s mouth.
Cas held his gaze for a couple of seconds later before he sighed, nodding in agreement. “You’re right. I’m sorry. I’ve just been a little…I mean, I know I’ve been a lot to deal with lately, but-”
They both sat up when Cas pulled out a small shiny gift bag with a Christmas tree right out front. Dean wondered when Cas even had time to get this or sneak it in as he sat crisscross back on the couch while Cas copied him. Handing over the present with a wry smile.
It was silent while Dean made raspado, but he couldn’t wait for their fingers to graze again when he handed the cup over to Cas.
The whole gang went for the vamp nest, while it was easier with Jack and Cas being there they still got a little beat up. Cas got blood on his new shirt and he looked annoyed more about that than when a vamp jumped on his back.
Whenever Sam would bring Jess over John will sober up as best he can for Sam's sake. Their relationship is still a bit rocky and John has been trying to make up for it. Being sober on the days’ Jess comes to visit is something both brothers have been thankful for. Jess knew of course but she never brought it up and instead she simply made John fall in love with her as quickly as she makes everyone else fall for her quirky attitude. Of course, she was scary when she needs to be.
“We think you opened this box and it had some sort of curse to take away your life slowly. Do you remember opening the box?” Cas asked as he lays Dean into bed.
Turns out Cas gets seasick, and Dean and Jack moving the boat so much wasn’t helping, so the boat trip was cut short, but they played by the water for a while. They filled a bucket with pretty rocks instead of fish and followed a turtle to the water. Jack’s rain boots came in hand when he splashed around the edge of the lake. He tried to go in deeper, but a fish jumped out of the water, scaring him, and Dean was then glared at; matching glares outnumbered him because he almost died laughing, but who can blame him? A child cussing and then hauling ass out of the water is too fucking funny.
Dean thought about it for a second. “No. I mean, I was at first. That asshole got himself killed over and over again. Leaving me alone.”
Dean wakes up because of stupid Christmas music was playing and he has told Cas many times already to not play it so damn loud. He knows he was being a grinch this holiday season but Dean just wanted to sleep in on their day off. Even though Sam was quick to fall into the holiday spirit along with Cas leaving Dean to be all bah humbug because he knows the miracle of Christmas never happens. It might as well be like any other day. Except he can drink alcohol for breakfast and it’ll be socially acceptable because he is hiding it in eggnog.
“Ew, Dads!” They heard Claire say and they pulled away to look at her trying to hide a smile. “Aren’t you two too old to make out like that?”
Dean looked at him with wide eyes and he opened his mouth to say something but nothing came out so Cas took the chance to correct himself.
“No!” Dean let his thumbs circle at Cas’s cheeks while he smiled fondly at the one person that grounded him and yet made him feel like he was floating. “I just…I missed you.”
“No...No, I think I’m awake now.” Dean said before leaning closer to capture Cas lips with his own. Cas tasted like peppermint and his lips were soft but chapped. Dean has been dreaming of kissing Cas for so long and now he’s married to him and can kiss him whenever he wanted. This wasn’t a dream. This was real. He could feel Cas heat and his fingers running under his sweater giving Dean chills. This was real.
From the rearview mirror, he saw Jack crack a smile into his palm, and whoever can make his kid smile right now was getting a free dinner from Dean.
He got into the awaiting car and wiped his tears as he told Gabriel to drive. He was heading out to his future. There was no need to look back at his past.
Dean’s panic from before melted away while he nervously waved at Cas. He saw Cas’s eyes widen with a slow-growing grin before he practically ran over to Dean.
Cas is right. They haven’t kissed since Dean found him in the field, and yeah, maybe they don’t need excuses to kiss, but if it makes Cas more confident to ask, then who is Dean to stop him.
Dean quickly wiped his face with his sleeves before turning to look at Jack. “I’m sorry, Jack. I should have taken better care of him. I should have known he was-”
He opened the coffee shop door and while he heard the familiar, “Dean! Hey, what are you - Dude, you look like you saw a ghost.”
Dean’s favorite time is when they would sit on the couch and read after a long day. They would get into each other personal space and just read in silence for an hour or two and it wouldn’t be uncomfortable at all. Dean didn’t even mind that they haven’t even had sex by the third month as long as he got to spend some time with Cas.
Dean holds his hand out to stop Cas from talking, feeling embarrassed with every word. “Para. You don’t have to explain. No me debes-you don’t owe me anything.”
“It’s still me, Dean. I promise.” Jack said between squished lips and tried to smile, comfort him, while Dean nodded at his words.
Jack was left on rescue duties so he just escorted the hostages out of the nest while Sam drove the group away in a van to the nearest hospital. Jack went along to poof Sam back home before they were questioned.
They all got out of the car as soon as it was parked and started making their way through the parking lot. Dean talked to Sam about the food Eileen wanted when he reached behind him without thinking to ask for Cas’s hand. Well, ask isn’t right the right word if he just held his hand out, hoping Cas would understand.
“Sam sent us some details about the case. We should look into the previous owners and see if there have been any deaths in the house of on the land. The disappearances have the most resemblance to a ghost as opposed to than any other creature I have encountered.” Cas looked at Dean for confirmation.
Castiel made sure that the doctors forgot about the miraculous recovery of the coma patient. She didn’t want to upset the woman’s family so she waited until they came to let the woman pass on then she escaped the hospital in the night, wiping the memories of anyone who saw her. Castiel stole a car and drove to Kansas. She drove in the night and by the time she got to the bunker the sun was beginning to rise.
“Dude, calm down!” Said Sam, taken aback by Dean’s, frankly uncalled for overreaction, “She can’t just wear her own clothes because she doesn’t
“I wasn’t suggesting something quite so drastic.” Cas scowled at Dean, “Maybe just casually mentioning our ‘fake marriage’ and comment on the state of her dress. Although since you have blown our cover that seems less likely to work now.”
“No, Cas – That’s not – I just – It’s just going to take a bit of getting used to that’s all. It’s not your fault that I’m being weird.” His gaze flicked over her new vessel, studying it, before he realized what he was doing and looked away quickly.
“How should I know? It happened a million years ago. She was probably unhappy. Word is she hung herself in her wedding dress.”
“Well she can’t just keep wearing those scrubs. She stole them from the hospital; they’re a bit conspicuous and they’re way too big for her. For now she’s stuck in what we’ve got here, but we’re going to have to go shopping at some point. I let her borrow some of your stuff.” Sam looked amused by the whole situation.
“No, no everything’s fine. Cas and I, we’re fine. Case was fine, we’re done. We’re on our way home.” Dean said, his words coming out in broken fragments of sentences.
“Yeah, but what fun would that be?” Dean grinned at her. She rolled her eyes and turned back to the screen.
“Like what Cas? Just start making out and shouting about how great a fake marriage we have?” Dean’s voice dripped with sarcasm.
“Yeah, so much better. Nothing like murdering a bunch of people to make a place like this perfect.” Dean said, “Why now?”
“Not super helpful, he’s gotta be dead. Any other family? Say why she did herself in?” Dean was still looking over Cas’s shoulder.
“I get it Dean, I do. Just go easy on her until we figure stuff out, alright? Or at least until Rowena shows up? We’ll figure this out. We always do.”
“She appears to have been cremated, as far as I can tell.” Castiel pointed at the obituary on the screen.
“S’alright, I can eat on the way.” He said through a mouthful of bacon. He tore his eyes away from hers and stalked out of the house towards the car.
“I heard they had four lovely children,” Cas continued, “Four more than you ever could have given him. They sold all of your things you know. Except for the dress. She got married in it after you died. Took it off your hanging corpse and down the aisle barely the next day. I bet – ”
“Dean.” She said in a surprisingly gruff voice, “There is no need for hostility. It’s me, Castiel.” At that, Dean looked like someone had slammed him in the stomach with a sledgehammer. He forget to breathe and his gun dipped involuntarily. Sam, on the other hand, narrowed his eyes and tightened his grip on his gun.
“Woah there Winchester,” Dean muttered to himself, “Focus.” He was supposed to be calling Rowena not having a mental break down.
“Dean.” Castiel’s voice came from the hallway outside Dean’s room, “Let me in.” Dean didn’t respond. He put his headphones on and ignored the angel outside his door. If he didn’t say anything Cas would go away, he always did when Dean was acting like this.
“Alright, but that doesn’t explain why she’s killing these people.” Dean said after Sam explained everything he had learned.
“I said your name 3 times.” Castiel replied a scowl. “You apparently did not hear me. Hence the invasion of your personal space. What I was trying to say Dean, is that we are done. Considering as you are the one with the credit card it would make the most sense if you paid for the food.” Dean tore his eyes away from Cas and realized that they were at the cash register.
“Well I think we can safely say we’ve got a vengeful spirit on our hands.” Dean told Cas as they walked to the Impala.
“No. She is simply comatose and her soul has moved on. This body is alive.” Castiel stopped looking at her hands and looked back at the brothers. “However I am still uncomfortable using her body like this. With my usual vessel I know that it is mine alone. It is rather unique in that respect. I was a human in that body and it has not been Jimmy’s for a very long time. I know that I am not destroying someone else’s life.” Dean gave her another odd look then cracked a lopsided smile.
Dean opened his eyes the next morning and was greeted with the sight of a small blond woman sitting on the side of his bed.
“Yep, good to go.” Dean replied, loading a plate with food and grabbing a cup of coffee. Cas raised an eyebrow.
The angel stuffed the entire dress into the fireplace and scooped a handful of salt from the windowsill, tossing it onto the blaze. The dress began burning with renewed vigor and Castiel watched as the last shreds of cloth crumbled away to nothing. She heard an ear-splitting wail emanating from somewhere in the house. She rushed out of the sitting room with her shotgun loaded, following the sound of the dying ghost and the faint burn marks spaced sporadically along the floorboards.
“Yeah that one would have been tough to explain.” Dean said with a chuckle, “We’ll have to make you new ones when we get back. For today we can say you’re my intern or whatever.”
“I think there is. I would like to know what possessed you to act as you did.” Castiel was standing resolutely in the doorway, cutting off Dean’s only exit.
They scoured through information on the property for about an hour. The couples hadn’t started to go missing until the property became a bed and breakfast. It was an old house and a few people had died there before the first disappearances.
‘Dean! Wake up! Come on, Dean!’ Dean hears again and this time he can hear Sam calling for him. Not this Sam but the real one.
“She sent a list of stuff she wants you to cook her instead.” Sam laughed, and Dean was about to open his mouth to complain, but he heard some muffled laughter from the back seat.
“I wasn’t—I wasn’t the nicest to the poor kid. I was more like my old man than I ever wanted to be. Maybe even worse.” Fuck, Dean never thought he would say those words out loud. His guilt being front and center while Mia only stared at him, eyes curious and waiting. He sighed as he dragged his hand down his face again, letting his fingers comb through his beard. “He’s Cas’s kid, and I—I love him like he was my own. I’ll die for him, but I fucked up with already. I did unforgivable things.”
“No.” Dean dryly chuckled as he put his hand over Cas’s own. “But it’s a step towards breaking — fuck what did Doc call it?” Dean thought about it for a second before he snapped his fingers when he got it. “Oh, a vicious cycle of child abuse. That’s the fun phrase we learned last week!”
Cas couldn't help the smile as he thinks that that was pretty cute. This bad boy is turning out to be such a softy that Cas couldn't help the giggle that escaped his lips. He covered his mouth and tries to hold in his laugh.
“Cause it wasn’t really you. It wasn’t really my life. Our lives fucking sucks but it will be annoying as fuck if we lived a perfect life all the time. I rather have these little moments.”
“Can’t have you walking around looking like I don’t take care of you.” Dean said while Cas looked up at him to roll his eyes.
Cas walked in, his blanket already in tow, and took a seat on one end of the couch. Dean sat on the other with the nachos tray right in between them. Cas sat with his legs crossed and tucked into a corner, almost facing Dean, while he reached into the food before the movie even began to play.
Dean has to leave Cas for the first time since he came back from the empty and asks Dean for a little something.
“Today’s session is about your father, right? Are you okay?” Cas reached to hold his face this time. Dean felt Cas’s thumb softly circle over his cheek, comforting him, flipping the conversation around.
Dean and Cas get some alone time at last. What's more perfect than a movie night in the back of the car with your best bud? By bud, I mean boyfriend.
Dean, without really thinking, leaned in to give Cas a quick peek. “Anytime, buddy. Just don’t get near Sam.”
“But now?” Cas was sitting across from Jack, eyes never leaving his son while his hand reached over to take his hand. “You don’t think you’re needed at this age anymore?”
“That one was my favorite.” Cas grinned as he looked back at Dean, his thumb gently reaching to brush on Dean’s bottom lip. “I’m still not sure if you’re real, but I am very happy right now.”
His hands hovered over Dean’s face, and it wasn’t until he tried to answer Cas back that he realized he couldn’t. His chest tightened up, and the lump in his throat was making itself known. He was crying.
Cas was quickly scooped into Dean’s arms as they hugged. Dean hugged him around his middle while Cas’s arms wrapped around Dean’s neck, hiding his face into the crook of his best friend’s neck. They didn’t say anything but Cas cried as he felt Dean's hands’ smooth circles on his back.
Cas had examined his body, and that was just about the weirdest thing Dean had seen in a long while. He had to fight the urge to stop this stranger from touching his best friend. Then he would remember that it was alright because it was just Cas, but it was still weird.
“There wasn’t much about that actually,” Dean said, not entirely truthfully. “It just said she died. What happened?”
Their chests were pressed together and Dean could feel Cas’s heartbeat. He felt his own going as fast as an artillery cannon. He was as close to Castiel as he ever had been and for the first time since Williams his head was clear; empty except for one thought.
Sam didn’t know what to do. He didn’t know how to comfort Dean aside from helping him scour through what seemed like the entire library.
“There have been a few equipment related accidents and one suicide.” Castiel said, looking up from the laptop.
Dean dropped the gun and surged forward. He grasped Castiel in a tight hug. Dean was so much taller than her and it was strange to think of this woman as Cas, but at the same time she seemed so familiar. How had he not seen it immediately? Her movements were ones that he had known for years and despite the strangeness, the hug felt familiar too.
“Is there anything I can do to make it easier for you? If it makes you feel better I do also wish to return to my usual vessel as soon as possible. I’d hate to think that I am causing you any trouble.” Cas seemed genuinely concerned that this was her fault despite Dean’s reassurances to the contrary.
Apparently Cas was done taking Dean’s shit. The angel stood in the ruined doorway with a murderous expression. His eyes flashed with anger and hurt. Dean couldn’t pull his gaze away.
He couldn’t respond. The world was beginning to spin and it was getting harder to breathe. Spots danced in his vision and he focused intently on Cas’s face, desperately trying to hold on to consciousness. She brought one of her hands to his forehead and the other to his chest. Cas let out a sharp breath, concern in her eyes. She raised two fingers towards Dean’s face, a gesture he’d seen a million times before, but failed to register for what it was. He felt Cas’s hand on his forehead and his pain lessoned.
Cas called out in desperation. She knew shouting would do no good, but she couldn’t help yelling after Dean, who had vanished without a trace. No, that wasn’t entirely true she realized. There were scorch marks where Beatrice had been standing with her arms grasping Dean’s innards. The streaked a few inches back and thinned to nothing. Cas scanned the room, there were more small scorch marks on the floor by the door. She glanced towards the fire and saw that during the turmoil the edge of the wedding dress had caught fire. Flames slowly climbed their way up the dress working their way through years of dust that had collected on the once pristine white fabric.
“Fuck off and just fix him.” Dean says as he pulls away only for Cas to nuzzle himself into his neck. Dean swore he was going to have a hickey if Cas kept sucking on his skin like that, a last parting gift before Rowena took this Cas away for good.
Jack usually had nightmares at night, and while sometimes he stared out into space with wide, knowing eyes, he was usually fine. Mia even said that Jack was opening up more in his last few sessions. She never went into detail, of course, but this did reassure them that he was doing better, but right now, he looked like he had a nightmare while being wide awake.
Cas was just art that he could enjoy looking at but not touch. At least not the way he dreams to touch.
When they arrive at the hotel Dean parked his own car and then headed inside and some lady directs them to his room where he shall be waiting for 1 o’clock and then by 2 o’clock he will be a married man. That's a wild thought.
“It’s okay.” Dean groaned as he sat down on the cold floor. She quickly sat between his legs and leaned into him, letting Dean just hide his face in her fur. He felt the warming buzz of grace comforting him against his chest. “It’s okay. We’re okay.”
Like he said, he never had time to date and whenever he did try it out it never ended right because he couldn't put enough effort into the relationship or he just couldn't find someone who understands his situation enough to stay. He hoped this time it would be different and that's why he signed up for this.
Then before Dean can stop himself. Stop and think that maybe these next words will create more of a problem for Cas, he said them. “I missed you.”
“Dean!” Dean heard Charlie call out to him and then she was by his side, pushing a warm brownie into his arms. “I got you the corner piece like you like. Now you should hurry back to work before Bobby comes in here looking for you.”
"No. I'm good. Let's get married!" Dean reassured Castiel and he smiled before they both turned towards the minister. Dean already had a plan forming that he would get a real smile out of Castiel by the end of the night.
He watched as Cas pulled him into a tight hug before leaving a small kiss on his cheek, it was sweet, but Dean could still see Cas was hurting.
“Me too, bud.” Sam shut his eyes for a few seconds before looking at Cas and Dean. Reflecting the stress and worry on their faces.
“Okay. I won’t give you a big speech, but I will say,” Dean sighed, and Cas tugged at his hips to get his attention again. “I
“You want to talk about it?” Dean moved so he can hold on to Cas better. His hand reaching to gently smooth his hair down.
Cas smiled at him, warm and filled with so much love that Dean just wanted to be someone who deserved to be looked at like that before he left the room—leaving Mia and Dean alone again. They retook their seats while Dean watched as she opened her notebook before clicking her pen back to life.
Dean took it and it didn’t even have tissue paper to hide what was inside. Dean laughed as he pulled out a few Reese’s shaped like a Christmas tree, some DVD of a movie he hasn’t even heard of so it must be new, and a gift card for Dominos pizza.
“¿Me vas a contestar?” Bobby threw in some whole chiles into the beans and let them simmer away. “¿Quieres que te hable en inglés? Where are you going, niño feo?”
His heart raced at the sudden affection he was receiving, considering Cas had not been so forward with it. He was always asking or waiting for Dean to initiate whatever touch they did have.
Life is a little overwhelming for Dean at the moment but at least he is sure about one thing. He really loves Cas.
“Then that settles that! Let’s go to the store.” Dean reached for his jacket but Cas grabbed his shirt to pull him back.
"What do you want to do, Cas?" Dean asked and Cas didn't expect to be asked as he stood there not knowing what to answer. He knew what people did on their honeymoon but he didn't know Dean well enough to do so, he doesn't trust him enough. Does Dean expect sex?
“I’m sure some were real, Dean.” Cas placed the last of the bags in the trunk as he looked at him with a small smile. Pity smile. “You’re Mother loved you so I’m sure she would have done her best to give you-”
“I see you two had your fights. Rarely though. The car argument still seems unresolved.” The host lady said while Dean sat uncomfortably now. “But your other arguments are they going to stop you from staying married?”
The last word felt like it was directed more to him, and Dean wondered if he wasn’t convincing enough.
Cas looked down at the ground but didn’t pull away from Dean’s grip. He sighed when Dean didn’t respond but instead waited for Cas to continue.
Go and do what? He still doesn’t know, but he didn’t want to do this anymore. He just wanted to sleep. He wanted to climb into a bed and sleep. Just the idea of it was making him cry.
They drank their shakes and shared some fries while sitting on top of Claire’s ugly little red. Well, she sat, and he leaned, but either way, silence remained.
Cas’s hand reached to hold the back of Dean’s head as his warm lips pressed against Dean’s own. Cas pulled away after only seven seconds but Dean hasn’t had nearly enough of Cas. His head was still screaming and he couldn’t enjoy the kiss enough so he needed more time. He needed Cas lips again.
He should have tried more. He should have worked harder to talk to Cas. To make him talk about his damn emotions and trauma so Dean could understand. Could see that Cas was overwhelmed with it all and…and….
“It’s okay, Cas. I’ll call you later and we can facetime all the time.” Dean reassured him as he squeezed him. “We’re still best friends. I promise.”
Dean nods, stepping away from Cas so as not to seem pushy. As much as he loved being so close to Cas’s face, he didn’t want to seem creepy about it. This neighborhood has eyes everywhere, and Dean couldn’t really risk having his cart, his livelihood, be taken away just cause he has a small crush on the white boy.
"Yes, you are!" Balthazar patted Cas cheek gently. "Good for you for remembering it, Cassie! Now come here so I can fix that damn tie of yours!"
“Yeah,” Dean says looking up at Cas. “I thought you left it outside my door since it had a huge bow on it. I opened it and like a flash of purple smoke came at me and that’s the last thing I remembered.”
So instead of answering, Dean just nodded, and then John gave him a quick hug before they heard that darn wedding song start. He felt like an idiot doing this, Sam is definitely going to make fun of him for this, but he couldn't care enough right now. He was about to see the face of whoever he was about to marry.
Sam had called to wish him luck and Dean visited his Mom's grave this morning, spent an hour talking to his mom about how he was worried about today's meeting.
Hello! I did promise a second part and now I will promise you a third because apparently, I am writing chapter fics now. I didn't plan it but here I am.
Then he felt the man’s hand grip at his throat, fingers digging into his skin and blocking his airway. That’s where the peaceful death he longed for was replaced by fear.
It didn’t take more than a few steps out his bedroom door to realize Cas was in the kitchen when he heard some humming and water running.
“Yes, I saw that,” Cas said and then Dean felt the familiar tingle of grace flowing through him. Dean looked down at his clothes to notice they were both cleaned up.
“Dean?” Cas sounded concerned as he sat up, pushing himself closer to Dean until he was sitting at the edge of the bed, his legs already touching the ground, ready to stand up. “What’s wrong?”
Cas was too tense as he demanded Amara to leave his son’s body and thought an angel blade was enough to convince her to listen, but she held her hands up to show she meant no harm. Explaining that she wanted out as much as they wanted her out but cared too much about Jack to see him suffer in the process, so she’s currently helping Sam and Eileen with research.
"Relax, Cassie." He heard Balthazar whisper to him. "You look great. Stop fidgeting with the damn tie."
Cas looks down as Dean moves a little closer dropping the blanket Cas had put on Dean’s shoulders. Cas fixed the blanket with his free hand before he answered.
“You don’t understand. I’m happy, Gabriel. Even right now, while trapped in this human hospital and stuck in this weak body, I don’t think I have ever been happier.”
cares way too much about the damn world, but he’s also someone who would give up the whole world if it meant keeping you safe.”
When he was finally kneeling beside him, his hands hovered over his body before finally landing to cup Cas’s face.
Of course, Dean wouldn’t understand. He was just a friend to him. Nothing more. He understood that. That’s what made it easier to leave. There was no future for him if he kept pinning over his best friend.
Dean blinked a couple of times, trying to find the right words that they googled last night and form them into a sentence. But luckily, Dean was saved by Sam walking into the room, his huge frame looking like a mess, meaning he probably drove nonstop from Garth’s to get here. Eileen came in a few seconds after, but by then, Sam was already diving in to bring Jack into a hug.
They danced in front of the headlights, if you can call it dancing. They always ended up bursting into fits of laughter as they fell into each other because Cas did have two left feet. Eventually, Dean just took Cas from around the waist, and they just spun around in circles.
“I’m done.” Castiel heard himself before he understood that this was not the only thing he would give up on.
Jack didn’t say anything as he twirled his necklace in between his fingers. He hasn’t looked at Dean since they took Cas away, groaning in pain, an improvement to the screams they heard when he woke up in the car.
They decided it was probably for the best to wait for Rowena to heal Cas before they went out for a witch hunt. They barely got out of there when it was the three of them and she still had the home advantage. Probably the reason why she wasn’t leaving her house any time soon. Maybe with Cas back and Rowena by their side they could leave this town before dinner. It’s going to be an awkward 10-hour drive back home.
It wasn't until he heard a footstep that he opened his eyes again. He moved his head enough to see a new camera guy filming them. Maybe he should have read the contract much more closely. He ignored the camera and pulled the sheet higher around Dean who has his head resting in Cas shoulder and an arm around his waist.
“I know.” Cas squeezes him a little closer while Dean sunk into him. “We’ll figure this out. As a family.”
Cas is nothing but a customer that Dean has been crushing on—it was a small, slow, and scary realization. The only reason they’re on a first-name basis now is because Cas once left his name tag on, and Dean asked what it meant.
Now he had to add Cas to the list of what if's. He doesn't think Cas ate enough in the plane even though he said he wasn't hungry. He was already worrying about the guy who he hasn't known for a day. But he was his husband so it made sense.
Dean ignored her scary and oddly familiar glare as he pushed the seat back so his legs could fit. “Oh, come on. My treat.”
He hasn’t thought of Cas in so long, forced those memories down, and shoved them away in the closet with the rest of him. Well until recently where he was happily dating men. Well, he wouldn’t say dating.
‘He has to want to get out, Sam. If you wake him up like that it can hurt him.’ Dean recognizes Cas, his Cas.
Cas only looked at him for a few seconds, giving him one of those sad smiles, before his eyes rolled to the back of his head, and he was falling.
Then as soon as those words were out of his mouth, Cas decided to fill Dean’s mouth with his tongue. A moan giving Dean chills as Cas’s hands working on undressing him.
Now though, Cas is singing to Fool in the Rain, his favorite track apparently, while Dean gave him a haircut.
“Well, your wish is my command.” Gabriel loudly clapped, and Cas shushes at him for being loud. “Relax, Cassie, everyone in this place is on pause. Right?”
But here Jack was now, an actual-looking four-year-old that barely reached his hips and loved to hug Dean’s leg as they traveled from room to room in the bunker. He looked happier than he has ever seen him, and —while he still sometimes talks like the old Jack and holds his memories — he was free to act his age.
“You could have hurt yourself! You know nobody here could have healed you, and Sam isn’t even home to treat you for your burn if you were to-oof!”
“Dean was just suggesting we go fishing later. On an actual boat! Would you wanna do that?” Cas smiled at him before they pressed their foreheads together, both of them grinning at each other.
Dean has been pacing their bedroom floor for almost an hour now since they got back. It took a while for Jack to fall asleep as he explained his worries to them, and Dean’s brain has been short-circuiting ever since.
"You sure?" Dean asked once again and Cas nodded, happy to get rid of his family's name. "Then that settles that. Wow. We are good at this marriage thing already."
Dean never thought he would be here in this situation with a guy, but he has never wanted anything more in his life. Feeling strong hands run through his hair as a strong and firm body pressed against him. He loved the intoxicating smell of Cas’s woodsy shampoo that he would have never smelled on a girl. The stubble of beard rubbed against his chin as Cas turned his head until finally, fucking finally, he had those pink lips on his.
“Uh, yeah. Looks like a ghost to me too.” Dean mumbled, still sheepish. He plunked his bag down on the bed and took out his own laptop.
They took Castiel’s body back to the bunker. Dean couldn’t bear to burn it. Sam had tried to argue that they should give him a proper hunter’s burial, but Dean wouldn’t hear a word of it. He just kept saying that Cas would come back. He wasn’t gone.
“That’s alright, it happened a long time ago.” The woman smiled wearily at them. “Now, you had questions about the family history? I’m not sure what I can tell you that you wouldn’t learn from the library.”
“Are you alright Dean?” Cas studied Dean’s face which had gone dangerously blank. Dean was standing scarcely a step away from him, just staring.
“Our condolences for your loss. I hope we aren’t imposing too much.” Castiel said with a sympathetic smile.
“I wish to be free. I don’t want to live like this anymore, tied to machines, unable to pass on, but unable to live either. I know that I should be gone, can be gone if I let myself, but I knew, somehow, that I should wait a little longer. Now I know why. It was for you, the wounded angel. You can take my body, just please, free my soul.” She said all this with such conviction that it was clear to Castiel that she did not know what she was asking him to do.
.” Castiel said, making air quotes and looking at Dean intently. “I would appreciate if you referred to me as such, out of respect for Megan.”
“Well, I recognize the spell. Very old, very powerful.” She said running her fingers over Castiel’s – Jimmy’s forehead.
“Hey Darlin’” He mumbled, still half asleep. He couldn’t quite remember her name. He sat up, blinking the sleep out of his eyes and set his hand on her arm. He was trying to remember what had happened last night. He’d gone to the diner with Cas and after that… After that he just came back to their room. He closed his eyes and winced, his sleepy brain just then putting two and two together.
He pulled back abruptly, shocked at his own actions as his eyelids flew open. He stared into the startled brown eyes in front of him and found himself missing, not for the first time, the blue that he was so used to.
“I’m ready to go now. Sam asked me to make sure we get groceries. He texted me a list.” Cas tilted her head when she caught Dean staring, “Is everything alright?”
The whole world went silent. Dean couldn’t hear anything except for his own heartbeat pounding in his ears. What had just happened? What was he thinking?! He wasn’t thinking. He couldn’t think. It was as if his thoughts had been replaced with radio static, white noise screaming in his head. Reality hit him like a train as Cas pulled his hand off her neck and silently left the car. Dean hadn’t realized he was still holding onto her. He watched as Castiel calmly walked into the convenience store that Dean hadn’t realized they parked beside. Apparently Dean hadn’t realized a few things.
They got to the Bed and Breakfast around 6pm and signed in. The lady at the desk was super nice, but she kept making comments about how cute they were and it send Dean into a fit of coughing and blushing and he wasn’t even really sure why. Castiel was as eloquent as ever and kept sending Dean disapproving glances.
When he got to the kitchen there were heaps of pancakes, bacon and eggs set out for them. It was a pretty big place and there were about 10 rooms so he figured the food wasn’t just for them, but nobody else had come down yet. Cas was right behind him and Dean was still making a point of not looking at her. He was mortified. I wasn’t
Despite his better judgement Castiel nodded. He needed to get back to Dean, and Sam. He didn’t know what had happened to them after he had been ejected from his vessel. He needed to make sure they were alright. The woman smiled and Castiel felt her soul leaving. Castiel opened her eyes.
It was definitely still weird. Cas was looking at him with eyes that were brown instead of blue. And she had boobs, which was at the top of Dean’s ‘things not to think about’ list.
When they got to the grocery store Dean looked over the list that Sam had sent and came to the conclusion, not for the first time, that his brother was an idiot.
“Yeah, thanks Cas. I noticed.” Dean griped. “Hey Beatrice, we’re burning your shit! Come and get it!”
“Who are you? How did you know about this place?” He was pointing a gun at her and yet she started walking down the stairs, apparently unconcerned by the weapons trained on her.
“How about I drive since you’ve got your hands full.” She glanced pointedly at the plate of food in Dean’s hands. He was going to brush her off and say
Sam crouched next to Dean, trying to wake the angel. He jerked back as Castiel began to glow. Sam pulled his brother, who was oblivious to the fact that Cas was now getting dangerously bright, away from the angel just as the basement was punctuated by an unearthly scream. The brothers covered their ears in vain and bright white light exploded from Castiel.
When Dean got in the car Cas was waiting for him. He slid behind the wheel and was about to start the engine when she spoke.
“Dean.” Said Cas, forcing Dean to look at her. “I have the address of the family. We should go as soon as you’re done eating.”
She was wearing one of Dean’s Zeppelin Shirts, one of the ones he usually slept in, and a pair of his jeans that were way too big. The shirt was slipping off one of her shoulders and it went down almost to her knees. She looked up at the Winchesters as she stood by the doorway with an annoyed expression. It was so incredibly adorable and kinda hot at the same time that -
“Thank you. I am rather fond of him. He is a good man.” She told the woman sincerely. Dean blushed. The woman chuckled again and headed off down the aisle.
Dean had always handled Cas’s death poorly, but he was downright scary this time. Sam was worried that if they didn’t find something, anything, that Dean would just sink into a pit of despair and never climb back out.
The next day Cas and Dean packed up Baby and headed to Adams County Colorado. They drove in silence for most of the way; well silence except for the radio which Dean had cranked up to drown out his own thoughts. He kept sneaking glances at Cas, trying and failing to be discrete. Each time Cas caught him looking she raised an eyebrow and Dean promptly looked away. He thought about bringing up how weird the whole situation was, but Cas didn’t have a problem with it so why should he? In the end Dean settled for awkward silence and loud music.
She didn’t appear to have heard the conversation, instead she was trying very hard to keep her pants up.
“Uh, nothing, I left a voicemail.” Said Dean, “Wait, did you say she’s changing? Why? She never changes. Also do we even have women’s clothes here?” He looked way more confused about the whole thing than the situation warranted. Sam chuckled at the expression on Dean’s face.
“Dude!” Dean shouted indignantly, “What the hell did you do that for?!” Castiel surveyed the doorframe and the crumpled doorknob in his hand.
“Blackthorn trees aren’t native to North America and I highly doubt that 4 people in one tiny town all decided to go out of their way to plant blackthorns in their back yards only to hang themselves on them. Sounds like our kind of thing.”
“Right,” Sam broke in, “And this way you and Cas can pose as a couple to get the attention of whatever’s been taking people. I’ve already booked a room.”
“No way buddy. You look like nuttier than squirrel shit. We have got to get you some better clothes pronto.”
Castiel was an angel of the lord, sure he – she had rebelled, but she was still and angel and right now she was sitting right next to him. Short and blond and brown-eyed and adorable. Nope. That was also not okay. That was Cas he was thinking about. Dean tore his eyes from the angel’s face and focused intently on his breakfast. No weird thoughts if he just kept thinking about breakfast.
Was it? Was that what he was thinking when he put himself between Beatrice and Castiel? He wasn’t even sure. He could hardly think straight. His head was starting to spin and the pain in his chest had only gotten worse. At some point during the shouting match he and Cas had gotten closer together. He registered, in the corner of his mind, that Castiel had one hand fisted in his jacket and the other balled up as if ready to slam it into Dean’s nose. His breath hitched. The pain in his chest flared and he winced. Cas unclenched her hands and a look of concern flashed across her face instantly.
“You’re not coming?!” He was aware that his voice had reached a higher octave as their conversation continued, but for the life of him he couldn’t make it stop. The whole situation was just so utterly ridiculous and he was searching for a rational reason as to why it wasn’t a good idea, but he had yet to find one and that made it all so much worse.
“Thank you for everything.” Dean said, getting up from the couch. Cas followed his lead and slipped her notebook into her pocket as she stood.
“Yes. What now?” Castiel looked at Dean imploringly. They got into the car and Dean started the engine.
“Well, you’ve been through the records I’m sure. You know about Beatrice. George Green probably wanted to get out of the house where his wife killed herself. Too many painful memories.” Susan said.
“Unfortunately for you, we know Castiel, he’s - he was - a rather good friend of ours actually. So, I’ll ask you again, and this time don’t lie or else you’ll find yourself full of bullets. Who are you?” Sam glared at the woman expectantly. She looked confused.
“Possibly. Beatrice Green. She hung herself from the rafters in the sitting room in 1897. There aren’t many other details.” Cas squinted at the screen, scouring for more information. Dean closed his computer and moved to stand behind Cas, reading over her shoulder.
Blinding white light flared through the room. An invisible force blasted Dean across the room. When he opened his eyes he saw Sam and Rowena on the far side of the library. Megan was gone; apparently blasted to atoms. Cas wasn’t moving.
So Cas was back. Things were going back to normal. Dean was fine, happy even. Except he couldn’t shake the constant weirdness of the situation.
“You cannot simply avoid me forever Dean.” Castiel’s tone was quiet and calm, in direct opposition to the scene set before Dean.
“I’m sorry that my current state makes you uncomfortable Dean.” Cas said. Her stare pierced through him like it always did, despite her eyes being brown instead of blue.
Sam, Dean and Cas broke into the house after dark. It wasn’t in great shape and nobody appeared to have lived there for a long time. They got down to the basement and found, unlike the rest of the house, it wasn’t empty.
Dean pushed the cart after Castiel. They were going up and down the aisles and Dean wasn’t really paying attention. Cas had her hand on the front of the cart steering it while she checked the items off of Sam’s list. They turned a corner and Dean noticed an older woman struggling to grab a box of crackers off the top shelf. Her basket tilted as she reached and slowly her groceries started sliding towards the floor. Dean bolted forward and caught the eggs just before they smashed into the tiles, but the rest of the food tumbled to the ground. The sudden crash caught the woman’s attention. She turned to find Dean crouched in a pile of food with a mortified expression on his face.
his fault though. It had only been a few days since she had switched vessels. He was allowed a few mistakes right?
It turned out that the founder of Williams, William H. Merritt, had harnessed the spirit of an Irish witch named Thirza Byrne to ensure the prosperity of the town. Her spirit was tied to a branch of the blackthorn tree she’d been hanged on in the early 1600s.
Dean’s eyes wandered up as he felt the voice to be a little familiar. He looked up to see a tall handsome man with his phone balancing between his shoulder and his ears as he made his way to a free table. Dropping the shopping bags on the chair across from him and then falling into a chair himself.
When Chuck was defeated, a lot of people came to the bunker to celebrate. Those times were a big blur to Dean, his focus was on finding a way to save
Dean stuffed his hand in his jacket pocket. He’s fine. Not like he was ever the touchy-feeling or public display of affection kinda person anyway. Like Cas said before, they were more comfortable in private.
“Don’t rip my shirts but you can take it off whenever you like.” Cas brushed his lips against Dean’s own. His hot breath made Dean feel a little dizzy.
She was trying to fight the tears, but they fell as she yelled, “No! No, you were—Where were you? Why didn’t you protect him?”
He fought his instincts to push the hands away while he found reassurance knowing there was a blade that lived in the duffle bag at his feet. It wouldn’t be the first time he would need to take it out to defend himself, but he always used it as a last resort for a human, even for a human whose soul was as blackened as a demon’s eyes.
Dean was sitting at his desk nursing a cold mug of the tea, which tasted like piss, but he was trying to lay off the coffee. Plus, Cas made it for him that morning. It was already noon, but he kept forgetting about it while working on trying to photoshop some fake documents for himself and his family. Cas had convinced him to apply for a normal job somewhere, but everything kept asking for proof of address and a social security number that died long ago.
“Alright fine!” Dean grabbed Cas’s tie and pulled his lips towards his own instead. He smashed their lips together into a hard kiss. Lips tight against the other that it almost felt uncomfortable but just when Dean was about to pull away, Cas chased after him.
“Yeah.” Dean stopped walking, feeling the anger fade into tired helplessness. “Yeah. I know. But it’s not…it’s just not fair.”
Well, that’s what he would like to think he would have done, heck maybe a long time ago he would have done just that, but now it’s different. He hasn’t gone to a bar looking to hook up with anyone in years and he wasn’t going to start now. After throwing excuse after excuse at himself about why his libido just went into a downward spiral, fighting God and all that shit really wasn’t a good excuse for him apparently, it all came down to one angel. Well, person now.
The kid looks around the room before his eyes land on Dean, and Jack frowns. “I think Dad is missing.”
“You sure you’re okay?” Cas asked as Dean nodded. “I was worried we wouldn’t have woken you up in time.”
“Dean!” Sam said patting his back but then he feels a hand gently placed on his cheek making him feel better, the grace inside him making him feel alive.
“Because it’s just…It’s not me! I know what I’ve done. I know what happened to me. I know my life was fucked up! So what will Mia help me with if I know I’m fucked up!”
Dean had one hand behind him, keeping him upwards on the table, while the other slowly wrapped around Cas’s waist.
Cas looked down at it before he slowly grazed it with his fingertips. Then he looked up at Dean with watery eyes and a soft smile. “Please. I forgot, please.”
“Dean.” Dean was fluffing his pillow when he looked up to meet Cas’s eyes, he was already laying on his side of the bed, because he has that now, while quietly watching him with soft eyes. “Remember to keep the lamp on.”
His smile was small and it so soft that it made Dean’s heart race for just realizing, no, he knew this a long time ago but now he’s really admitting to himself how beautiful Cas was.
Dean looked at Cas from the corner of his eyes and he saw Cas doing the same before they both reached over to hold each other’s hand. And at the same time, they both simply say, “No.”
“Fuck.” Dean groans as Cas’s fingers touch his skin. Burning his flesh as they explored under his shirt and dug into his back. “Can’t Cas.”
“He didn’t ask you to kiss him. Don’t be a perv, man.” Dean scrunched up his face in annoyance but that’s when Cas sat up again. “How about we find you a nice girl to kiss, Cas. How does that sound?”
Dean opened his mouth to say something as his hand wrapped around the vial, but nothing came out. It was guilt that overtook him, and he felt it heavy in his chest.
Dean pulls out the amulet necklace that Sam gave him as a kid. He knows that maybe the chain doesn’t mean much to Cas— he probably hates it considering Chuck and all that shit—but it was all Dean could get his hands on last minute.
Dean continued to trim Cas’s beard, not bothering to show Cas how to do it himself because he wanted to always do it for him. Have this nice peaceful moment for the rest of his life.
All Dean heard was a little, “Oh. Right.” Before Jack handed Dean the phone. Both of them seemingly forgot about the little switch.
“I’ll  always come back to you, Cas.” Dean promised as he reached grab Cas hand and give it a small squeeze. Cas smiled as he looked at there hands before holding tightly to Dean’s hand.
Cas looks excited when he opens the car door and walks out into the parking lot that faces the beach. “Dean! Won’t we get a ticket?”
“You kiss him then if you care so much!” Dean defensively added as he looked ahead, trying to keep his eyes away from the rearview mirror.
“We are. This is everything you wanted, Dean. This is the perfect Christmas you dreamed about. Just stay with us and we can have the perfect life you always wanted.” Cas tells him while everyone starts to surround him.
“No.” Dean turned to catch Cas looking at him still and knew they were both feeling the same excited electricity that clouded the car just by the giddiness in his voice. “Where are you taking me on our, oh um…Oh!
"Winchester!" Jess said as she went to wrap her arms around Dean. "I'm so happy for you! Didn't think this day will come for you."
"We can talk about who takes whose name later." Dean tells Cas as the minister had asked how they wanted to be called but Cas shook his head.
“Dean? Dean!” Dean felt someone slap the top of his head. He looked up to see Jo standing behind him. “Are you going to wish us a Merry Christmas or sit there with a mouth full of bacon?”
Dean wasn’t so good at his words, a surprise to nobody, but he tried to smile. He nodded once as he let those words sink into him again before he turned his head to kiss Cas’s palm.
“I-I didn’t think you wanted to see me.” Dean could have joked around with him, but instead, his mouth decided to kick the conversation off with some honesty. Dean looked down at the bike handles as he talked. “Since you didn’t come out last week, I just figured-”
“Thanks.” Dean waited by the counter as he kept reliving that moment of seeing that coat walk past him. Swearing he saw him come in here but there was nobody. Was he really losing his mind over him again?
“Dean?” Cas blinked a couple more times before his eyes widened. Finally seeing Dean clearly. “Dean.”
Dean scrambled to sit up and saw everyone else was still knocked out. His eyes flashed to Cas, Sam, Eileen, and Rowena before they traveled to Amara’s feet, where Jack was lying.
“Get off me, boy, you're choking me.” Bobby was muffled by Dean’s arm and Dean lets go of them to look at them. Bobby huffed and fixes his shirt before patting Dean’s shoulder, “Merry Christmas, son.”
Jack frowned, looking down at the ground with knitted eyebrows, before looking back at Dean with tired eyes and a half-ass smile. “No.”
Dean looked back at him then quickly back on the road, a small smile playing on his lips. “What? You don’t like the way I dress?”
“I’m sorry.” Dean knew those words did nothing to comfort, but he couldn’t help but say them. “I’m so sorry, Claire.”
Cas had been sleeping a lot, but whenever he was awake, he liked to spend it together, spend it carrying Jack, or take Miracle out for walks. Though his new favorite hobby — one Dean was trying to help break with reassurance — was freaking out about the preschool-size child running around a bunker that holds the most dangerous weapons in the world.
following behind her. Jack tried to talk to her, but she couldn’t even look at him. Dean couldn’t blame her.
“Hey.” Dean wiped his eyes with the back of his hand as he tried to smile down at his angel. “You dumb son of a bitch. You scared the shit out of me.”
“Cas, Jack is fine.” Dean grabbed Cas by the shoulder to look him in the eyes. “He’s still asleep on our bed with Miracle watching his every move. He’s safe.”
“I wish I could have done more. Or, I guess, done less.” Cas sighed, which sounded almost like a groan, while Dean pretended to sleep. He wanted to be there for his boyfriend, but at the same time, he wanted to hear him talk finally. It felt wrong to eavesdrop, but he just wanted to know how Cas was feeling, what he was thinking. “I killed so many, Gabriel. All their blood is on my hands, and I can’t…I can’t ever forgive myself for it.”
As soon as Ralph said son of a bitch Cas was somehow already shoulder to shoulder with Dean. He laughed, his shoulders shaking, before turning to look at Dean with that big smile again. Dean never thought anybody could look as beautiful as Cas did when he grinned at him like that.
Of course his family was against it as soon as he told them and they all decide to protest his wedding. The only people who did show up are his two older cousins, who were more brothers to him than his brothers were, Gabriel and Balthazar. His little sister Anna wanted to be here but Michael refused to let her come. At least his one friend, Alfie, has shown up for support as well.
“I guess so.” Jack smiled at him, glowing in curiosity. “I didn’t know there was a name for what I have! Is it normal?”
Dean gave him a reassuring smile while he nodded. Cas returned the smile but it was more apologetic before he relaxed into the memory foam bed. Dean watched him for a second more, enjoying a view he never thought he would ever see before he got under the blanket and turned to face Cas’s awaiting stare.
He hasn’t told anyone about Cas. About how one day he was bored and wandered over to that neighborhood only to find Cas laying on his front lawn with a book covering his face. Dean, for some reason, couldn’t help but to ring the bells louder, startling Cas. Dean laughed for half a second before a book went flying to his face, knocking him off his bike. Cas learned too many cuss words in Spanish that day, but the big bruise was worth it.
“Cas,” Dean sighed as he closed the trunk with a loud thud. “I just want to watch some movies and sit on the couch with you and a tray full of nachos. I don’t want to psychoanalyze my childhood.”
This has was as intimate as they have been and one day he hopes that fear won’t be the reason they hold each other but old habits die hard sometimes.
Dean was making himself breakfast, nothing fancy because he’s not even that hungry this morning, and there was nobody else awake at this hour. Sam hasn’t moved out just yet, but he has spent a lot of time at Eileen’s place, so there was no annoying blender noise or an annoyed face as Dean fried up some extra bacon for himself.
“I...I’m sorry. I can’t. I just-” He pulls away from Dean’s grasp and takes a step back. His face looked red, guilt clearly written across his forehead. He pulled his left glove off and then held his hand out for Dean to see. A ring rested on his left hand. “I’m sort of engaged.”
After that, Jack stayed in Cas’s arms for a while until Dean convinced him to climb some rocks with him. Jack quickly wiggled himself free to follow him while Cas yelled at them to be careful.
“You forget a word there, buddy?” Dean chuckled while he took the leather chain to drape over his boyfriend’s head until it fell against his chest.
“Yes. I deserve to live with what I did, but I don’t want Dean or Jack to have to look at these physical scars. I think we are all better off not remembering.”
When Dean parked outside the familiar food truck, he squeezed Cas’s hand once before they got out. They walked together, bumping shoulders while their hands stayed buried in their pockets. Cas didn’t question their lack of touch; instead, he smiled up at Dean as he listened to him rave about his friend Victor’s food.
So Dean folded his arms over Cas’s chest and looked down at him. He could feel the dumb smile on his mouth. “Merry Christmas, Cas.”
“Who the hell needs this many vegetables anyway?” He grumbled as Cas filled their cart with enough plants to feed a stegosaurus.
any, except for the stuff that her other vessel already has on. We can’t very well strip Cas’s body and leave it like that Dean. And as for my stuff, our clothes are going to be way too big for her regardless, but she’ll practically drown if she has to wear my clothes. And nobody is going to ‘snoop’ through your stuff. Cas is just going to grab some clothes and leave.”
“I heard you screaming. You’re lost and I’m dying. I should be dead already, but I waited for you.” She looked at Castiel with sadness though he sensed it was not for herself.
Reappearing, the ghost shrieked. She raced towards Castiel with arms outstretched and murderous intent in her eyes. Dean threw himself in front of Cas again forcing her to take a step back and press her back against the wall. The angel grunted with annoyance, reloading the gun. She raised it to shoot, but Dean was still right in front of her.
Dean was struggling to open the door with his hands full when Cas came up behind him and pulled it open.
“Watcha got Sammy?” Dean said as way of greeting. He sauntered into the library with a coffee mug in hand. Sam looked up from his laptop.
Dean reached to touch the warm grace around his neck. He took it off from Cas just if the hospital lost or broke it, but now it was the only thing keeping him from having his own nervous breakdown.
Cas grinned, a small laugh shook his body and Dean felt every shake that was in his arms. “Merry Christmas, Dean.”
Cas looked at him from above the car with narrowed eyes and that small head tilt. “Are we not going home?”
Dean’s hand slid down Cas’s shoulder until he finally had the guts to wrap an arm around his bare waist. His hand felt like it was burning against Cas’s bare skin even though he ended up using his chest as a pillow last night. But they were outside their safe four walls. It wasn’t nighttime where he could use nightmares as an excuse to get close. No, Dean was trying to use his words.
Cas reached him and took his hands, flipping them over to check him over, before taking his shoulders to meet his eyes.
. Dean could turn his head and his nose could be buried in Cas’s hair, the smell of nature still follows Cas around, and he could hold him. Hold him like he has always wanted to hold Cas, with no immediate danger or death hanging over them. He just wanted to hold Cas because he
Dean shrugged, looking back down at her sad baby blues. Hoping she would understand and that she won’t tease him about it later on. “I didn’t want to waste any time being mad at him. I love him too much.”
“You just knocked out a few hours ago. What are you doing awake? Want me to make you…I don’t know. Some warm milk or tea or whatever?”
I rewrote this chapter a few times cause I kept thinking it's to dialogue but they need to use their damn words! There was no way around it. They needed to use their words so too much dialogue it is!
"Hell no! The Hulk will totally win against the Thing!" Dean said as they were now sitting on the bed, well Dean was lying down on his stomach with a pillow tucked under him while Cas sat down crossed legged watching him with a pillow pulled to his chest. They both finished off the champagne bottle that was left for them an hour ago.
And right now, that was enough for Dean. They’ll work on this. Just like they are working on everything else. And for the first time in a long time, Dean feels like this work may actually be worth it.
Cas was attractive and he stayed fit with running each morning but, either way, he felt as he never got a grasp on...normal. He wasn't so good with people and every time he tried to get close to someone they look at him as if he was just grown wings out of his back. He didn't understand how to talk to them or how to act, apparently he has this space issue he has been working on.
Dean noticed other families surrounded them, normal-looking families with a mom, dad, and 2.5 kids, while their little family felt a little out of place. Dean tried not to let it get to him. Favoring to ignore those around them so he could instead enjoy the company of those he loved.
Dean walked towards Cas and he looked guilty now. "Sorry, Cas, I wanted to get you some privacy but it doesn't seem to be working. If you want I can kick his ass until he leaves."
“Well, I like it!” Jack wrapped his arms around Dean to give him a big hug. “You should be happy more often.”
Cas looked at him with so much anger and regretted that it silenced them both. Dean slept in the deancave that night. Well, sleeping was putting it nicely. He spent the whole night staring at the television’s black screen and just playing back what just happened—remembering those cold eyes as they yelled at him to get out.
"Dean!" Sam yelled as he knocked at the bathroom door. "Dean! Hurry up will you! We have to get there before noon!"
“Probably admitting to everything.” He shrugged, but he thought about it a little more. “I make too many damn excuses for John. For myself. He was going fucking crazy when he lost Mary, and I was…I was maybe going a little crazy when I lost you. So we took it out on the closest thing to them.” Dean looked up to meet Cas’s eyes. “To you.”
Cas chuckled, eyes rolling fondly, while he leaned back against the bed to twirl his new charm between his swollen fingers. “Thank you, Dean. You keep giving me such meaningful gifts, and I never have anything to give back to you.”
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean says as he lets go of Cas and walks towards the driver’s seat. “So where do you wanna go?”
“Glad our bathroom is so big.” Dean sighed as he continued working on Cas while Jack walked to stand close beside Dean to watch what he was doing.
. He trusted me, and I—How can I do the same shit my dad did to me?! I made him into a tool for revenge.”
"Dean I can carry my own bags." Cas said as he walked beside Dean. Cas was only dragging along his wheeled luggage bag, bright pink and easy to spot, while Dean carried both of Cas carryon bags while trying to balance his own.
Dean nodded before he ran his nose up the side of Cas’s face until his lips were once again on Cas’s own. Tasting the saltiness of their tears mixed in with every kiss.
“I did.” Her tone didn’t change, not giving anything away about what Cas could have possibly talked to her about in his hour with her. “Who else lives with you?”
Dean's head shoots up to stare back at Cas, who looked shy, pero siempre más guapo que la última vez que Dean lo miró.
It has been a little tense around the bunker because they still have not found a successful way to separate Jack from Amara, from the whole God power, without hurting him in the process or worse. Their last attempt ended with Amara taking the driver seat of Jack’s body to stop them from doing something that would have killed their kid.
Dean kicked off the blankets and put on his slippers as he made his way out of the bedroom. On nights like this, Dean always found Cas either in the bathroom or the kitchen. If he was in the bathroom Dean hoped he’d find his boyfriend pass out in the tub again and not hunched over a toilet. Though Dean wishes to find him in the kitchen instead because that meant Cas just needed a cup of tea to calm himself down and whatever carb they had laying around.
And for a second Dean saw the softness in his eyes before he looked away, almost embarrassed. He started to get up from the bed, struggling to detangle himself from the sheet, and then looked down at himself confused. He wasn’t wearing his signature trench coat or even shoes.
Dean pushed himself off the couch as he walked toward the small kitchen table. “I put them over here. Closer to the door just in case, you want to um…do this,” Dean motioned to him wanting to leave as soon as he could. “I guess.”
Cas was talking to Jack. Not even looking at Dean, which was fine; he doesn’t need Cas’s attention all the time while they were home, so he doesn’t need it now. His wanting to hold Cas’s hand was mostly for Cas’s sake, and if he didn’t want to, then that’s fine. They just won’t be that kind of…couple?
“I know it’s stupid and-and I’m acting like a child, but…” She quickly sniffled again before running her hand through her hair nervously. Looking up to stare into the darkening sky, acting like everything was okay. “He’s not my Dad, but he’s the closest thing I have, and I just thought—I just thought that maybe he felt the same way.”
The camera guy who has shown up a few hours ago nods and Cas still doesn't feel reassured. He had to sneak out of his home early just in case Michael would have tried to stop him and hide out in the hotel for a while until Alfie has shown up with his tux and coffee. He was getting jumpy the more he waits for when they tell him it’s time but he doesn't know if he wants that time to go faster, slow down, or just stop altogether. He wants to get it over with already and see who they have picked out for him but at the same time, he was nervous. Cas still doesn't understand how he was picked, nobody has ever picked him for anything, but when he got the call he was so excited because they said they may have found someone perfect for him and how can he resist.
Cas looked at him confused and Dean is starting to like that eye squint look before he nodded and followed Dean's lead out of the airport. When they were outside they pretty much were told what car to take. A few crew members were already there and one traded off with another and they had a different man ride in the taxi ride over to the hotel. Dean and Cas sat in the back with the camera on them but they both ignored it and looked out the window.
“What do people do on Christmas Eve?” Cas asked when they walked back to the car to load the groceries. “That child looked at us with pity when we told him we didn’t have any plans for today.”
.’ His mind kept echoing his name, maybe he was even saying it out loud because by the time Dean got to his side Cas was already stirring awake.
Rowena left a few minutes later and Sam got ready for bed while Dean decided he’ll sleep on the small couch, mostly because he knew he wasn’t going to get a wink of sleep. Afraid Cas would wake up and just leave without a goodbye again. Disappear for days on end without Dean knowing what the hell is going to happen between them. If they are going to remain friends then Dean had to know now before he let his damn heart hope for more.
John patted Dean's shoulder and that made Dean look up at him. John gave him a small smile. "I wouldn't miss my son getting married. I want to remember your special day. No matter how...strange this may be."
He answers, it was an automatic response that he tried not to have it sound as tired as he felt, and then he is being kissed. He hated being kissed the most and carefully moved in a way to not offend the rough lips that only start kissing down his throat. Hands start roaming his borrowed body–he has yet to accept that this is all that’s left of his once-great and powerful self. That this is
Cas pulled away just enough only to have their noses touching, their breaths still mixing, as he whispered. “I like you too, Dean.”
“Wow. It’s like I just learned a cheat code or something!” Dean smiles a little excited. “What else do you do?”
raised eyebrows so he listened. “It’s something small I got at the grocery store so I’m sorry it’s not something you may want but I believe you deserve a Christmas gift, Dean.”
Cas watched Dean move around the kitchen, chin resting in the palm of his hand, as the quiet, comforting silence filled the room.
"Hi." Dean says and he can hear his family and the stranger’s family laughing at him. "I'm Dean. Dean Winchester. Guess you should know my last name."
“Yeah,” Dean answered both questions. His hand loosened on the wheel before he reached over to take Cas’s hand in his. Hearing Cas’s breath catch in a gasp, but he didn’t look up at him; instead, Dean twined their fingers together before letting them sit in the seat between them. Dean focused back on the road before turning left to his side of town. “I got the perfect place. Te va gustar! You’re not like vegan or anything, right?”
Balthazar was fixing Cas tie and Gabriel was complaining about the slow wifi when Alfie barged into the room with a giant grin on his face.
The first time Dean caught Cas singing was when he was making their bed, and Dean was walking in after a long shower. Cas played a Billy Joel record; one Dean must have played hundreds of times before, swaying as he folded up the blankets. Dean leaned against the doorframe and grinned while his breath caught in his throat while he watched a scene from his dreams come true right before his eyes. Listening to Cas sing Piano Man while hugging a pillow to his chest, almost dancing with it, really made Dean realize how much he really didn’t know his angel. And how excited he was to get to know him even more. Fall in love with him more.
“We’re going to have to figure out who left that box there.” Cas tells him as he plays with Dean’s hand. “And what it was doing to you.”
When Dean wakes up again, not remembering when he fell asleep or if that foggy memory was just a dream, it was because Cas was shaking his shoulders. Sending Dean into red alert.
Dean finally broke away from the staring contest as he cleared his throat to get off his bike. “Todavia quieres-Do you still want your raspado?”
"He seems very nice and easy-going. I hope we do get along but, no, he isn't someone I thought I would marry. Or well to say it correctly he wasn't someone I thought would marry me." Cas said as he looked down at his sleeping husband. He knew Dean could do better and it won't take long for him to figure it out just like Cas has.
"Are you going to stay all night?" Dean asked annoyed and the camera guy shakes his head. "Good. Then get out, will you? We need to get to some sleep. You can film us tomorrow."
“Thanks. I’m working towards my best Dad mug.” Dean winked at him, but the joke was lost on Cas as he said, “I can just buy you one.”
Then the vows came and Cas actually had to pay attention to repeat the words correctly and then listened to Dean repeat the same thing. Then it was the rings and I do's. He half expected Dean to have run away but he was still grinning as he put the golden ring around his finger.
A scraped knee later, from Dean, they were heading back home. They detoured for a quick burger and nuggets, but Jack was already falling asleep halfway through his meal. So Dean ate the rest of his food with a sleeping kid on his lap, one free hand to eat his burger and eat the rest of Jack’s nuggets while Cas smiled at him.
and her, salvage a relationship he knew was important to both of them, but he didn’t know where to start.
Dean comes back from the long drive with Cas in need of some comfort. Sam is there to finally get him to talk out his feelings and admit to things he has been pushing down.
“Cas, it was an old ugly green colored Datsun.” Dean turned to look at him and Cas didn’t say anything and instead looked back at the host. Dean did the same.
“I didn’t know it was an option before. I mean, you’re a big boy you can wear whatever you want but I didn’t know flowers were one of them.”
Cas turned to look at him again and his eyes were watery, taking Dean back to that sudden goodbye. And like before he was smiling.
“Cas!” He heard the familiar voice soothe him. “What the hell, man? Why haven’t you answered my calls? You okay?”
Sorry for the late chapter! I lost internet for the night. Well according to Twitter a lot of people did so it was the company's fault.
Cas didn’t say anything for a few seconds, and Dean wondered if he said the wrong thing again, but then Cas clicked his tongue before turning to Dean. “I don’t know what…um, that word you said means. Que..que-?”
"How are you feeling now that you’re married?" The man asked and Cas fought the urge to shrug and instead looked up to look at the camera.
He didn’t want to pressure her to talk—she would probably lie if he did—but still, he wanted to ease the tension between
Rowena said it was gonna take her a while as she needed to track down the witch who did the spell in the first place. “You could either let the curse do its thing and wait it out. Since he is an angel it may not kill him. Or you can just let me whip you up a little something as soon as I can.” Her pleasant tone of voice made it seem like she was in no hurry at all. Dean had to remind Rowena that Cas was in pain through all of this.
do whatever it takes to make him happy in this human life he desires. Sadly, it means staying with you.” She stands up and glares down at him. “You tried to lock him in a box.”
Everyone else then left giving him good luck wishes and kisses on the cheeks or the way Jo gave him a punch on the arm and told him not to mess it up while Benny took his face in his hands and pressed a kiss to his lips telling him the same thing.
Dean watched Cas walk away, scratching the back of his head when he saw him walk back into the grocery store. He was going to go after him but decided to do what he was told and just start the car. Maybe they needed a quick getaway.
Dean crashed their lips together, unable to help it as he stepped forward to make the space between them disappear. His hands on either side of Cas’s face hold him in place until he felt Cas’s hands on his waist and kissed him back. Lips gliding together softly at first before Cas pulled back to look at him, confusion mixed with the stars in his eyes,
Jack ended up sleeping with his head on Dean’s shoulder, Dean’s jacket laying on top of him like a blanket, while Dean talked to Sam and Eileen when they arrived. Luckily, his little brother took care of everything while Dean sat and waited for news on his boyfriend.
hummed before looking up at Dean as if just remembering that he was there. “Oh. Um, she just made me promise her something.”
“Then what does he mean?” Dean groaned as he ran his hands through his hair again. “We know he’s four! He’s a damn preschooler with peach fuzz! Do you think — maybe he should go out and make some friends in town? Those kids from last time seemed nice.”
“I’m gonna get my own damn room if you guys are gonna keep doing that.” Dean hears from Sam again, his voice more teasing than disgusted. “You two do remember we’re on a case right? A witch. Three dead. Ring any bells?”
Dean sighed and sat up again. "I'm up you freak!" He got up and opened his bedroom door to see Sam grinning at him. Dean couldn't help to smile back.
tw self harm. Dean finds Castiel in the kitchen in distress and panic. Dean realizes again that he doesn’t know what Cas is really going through as a new human.
Dean stopped at the end of the block and turned towards the guy sitting beside him. Cas was already looking at him with puppy dog eyes and a beautiful, hopeful smile. His breath catches in his throat as his mind gets overwhelmed with wanting to reach out and touch Cas. Just to make sure the beautiful boy in his passenger seat was real and make sure que su corazon isn’t just playing games with him.
“Is that a bad thing?” Dean does grabby hands to Jack, who quickly unhooks himself from Cas to go into Dean’s arms again. “I’m happy.”
“Dean!” Sam quickly passes him in a huff of embarrassment while Dean laughed, following Sam back to the car to get more groceries.
Soon it was time for pictures and luckily Cas was just as uncomfortable as Dean was. They started with family pictures and separate picture but then it came down to just the two of them.
“Ugh, Dean. Dean, kiss me.” Cas groaned from the back seat of the Impala while they were parked outside the motel. Sam was on the phone in the passenger seat with Rowena, who Dean could hear laughing while Sam fought back a smile.
Dean laughed and Cas noticed the faint blush on his cheeks before he nods. "Whatever makes you happy."
Dean hasn’t said bye to Cas; they always sucked at that, so he wasn’t sure what to do. Should he go in for a hug? A usual safe pat on the shoulder?
He clawed at the arm that pinned him while panic started to set in. His vision blurred as his lungs burned with the lack of oxygen that this fragile body needed to survive. It required so much to get through the day, and people do it for years, but Castiel couldn’t even last a few months. Already giving up on life before life even started.
“We’re coming.” Dean called out to his brother who waited in the hall again. Then Cas’s arms were around him again, his face hidden in his shoulder. Dean let out a happy sigh as he felt the familiar weight. Second day in this mess and he already got used to the feeling of Cas on him.
Cas nodded, his hand reaching over to gently cup Dean’s face at first before his hand traveled to the back of Dean’s neck. Before Dean’s head can catch up to what Cas was doing, Cas stretched his neck to bring their mouths together. Falling back into their bed kissing until they both passed out curled around each other.
He turns towards the door as he calls out, “It’s open!” Knowing it couldn’t be Cas or Eileen who went out early this morning for something Eileen wouldn’t say. Sam knocks usually aren’t so soft, so that left Jack.
"You can hold my hand if you are scared." Cas reassured him as they sat in their seats together. Dean gripped the seat in a death grip and started to hum along to Metallica once again before he nodded. "Just sleep and I will wake you up when we are there."
A kid should not be comforting their parents. He knew this from the many times he grew up comforting his own father, so instead, Dean sucked it up. He needed to be there for their kid, and he was not gonna fuck it up this time.
Plus, it helps that they have a few spells. Hey, if they have a cheat sheet for life’s problems, then they’ll take it: work smart, not hard, and all that jazz.
Dean turned towards the voice and saw Jack sitting up, looking at him with round warm eyes. A small smile playing tugging at his lips.
Cas sighed but relaxed back into Dean. “I just didn’t like him calling you that. You aren’t stupid, Dean.” Dean chuckled, and Cas turned to look at him, glaring. “I don’t see how this is funny.”
“Old—Claire.” She let out a breath of a laugh before rolling her eyes away from Dean. “I’m trying to be serious.
This whole time with Jack and Dean, they have been too focused on trying to get Cas back that they just didn’t talk. Couldn’t talk. Didn’t want to talk. About all the fucked up shit they went through. All the fucked up shit Dean did to him, and he could feel the dirty guilt run through his veins. He didn’t deserve to be a father. Not for what he did to Jack. Chuck or no Chuck, he should have fought harder to be…to be better. Or at least to not take a page from John Winchester’s A+ parenting book.
Cas felt the grip on him loosen until it was gone. Leaving him to slide down until he was back on his hands and knees, coughing up blood and breathing in the air he so desperately needed.
It wasn’t even the usual little Cas smile that Dean is used to; it was the soft new one. One where his eyes soften along with crinkles around his eyes. Shit, he only needs to have his chin resting in his hand while sighing to be the epitome of a teenage girl in love in those dumb romcoms they watch so much.
playing in the background. He shouldn’t have one hand behind Cas’s neck to deepen the kiss, and his toes shouldn’t curl up when he feels Cas’s heavy sigh inside his mouth. He shouldn’t become so quickly addicted to Cas’s hands reaching under Dean’s shirt to press firmly at his back, feeling the familiar slight burn become a damn forest fire in him.
He can't believe he did this. He can't believe that he signed up for this and now he's waking up on his wedding day.
As soon as he took a sip he smiled into his mug and Dean rested his chin on the palm of his hand as he watched. Enjoying the way Cas’s eyes crinkle at the side when he smiled with his eyes closed. He even shivered just a little as the hot drink ran down his body, holding the hot mug in between both his hands and close to his face.
They both tucked in on either side while Dean asked if Cas was a blanket hog and laughed as Cas glared at him. Luckily as soon as they were both comfortable the cameraman left and the lights were off, the only light was the light from the moon and the only sound was their breathing along with the ocean outside.
“Sorry about that. Couldn’t find a babysitter.” Jack rested his head on Dean’s shoulder, listening most likely, while Dean joked before he cleared his throat to speak in his serious working voice. “But enough about that. What seems to be the problem?”
Just as a heads up! This is all in Cas's POV so you will read some Cas/Mick stuff but don't worry it's still the happy ending we all wanted.
“Not as good as mine, but it’s good,” Dean adds as they make it to the front of the window, where Victor can hear him.
“Old friend?” Charlie asked as she patted Dean’s back. “Well since you’re here let me get you a brownie. My treat.”
“I’ll go get my coat!” Sam rinsed off his sticky hands and started to walk out of the kitchen, but Dean grabbed him by the collar of his shirt and pulled him in close. Pinning him down against his chest, which was difficult considering the kid is a damn giant.
“I don’t understand your fascination with my clothes,” Cas said as he opened the passenger side door and sat down. Dean followed and turned the car on. “You never cared before.”
“But I get it, you know, if you don’t want to talk to me.” Dean looks up to see Cas still staring at him but with eyes filling with tears. “Holy shit.” Dean put the bag down and walked around to stand by Cas’s side. He grabbed a napkin from his cart and handed it to Cas to wipe his eyes. “Dude. Dude, please no llores. Don’t cry. People are gonna think I did something to you, and I’ll lose customers.” Dean tries to joke, but Cas doesn’t crack a smile. Instead, he rolls his eyes.
Cas nodded but held Dean closer. Wanting to remember this warmth and sense of home that Dean brought into his life. He heard honking from outside and knew it was Gabriel. He had convinced his brother to stop here, begged him, and cried even though they could be caught any minute now. But he needed to see Dean. He needed to tell him one last thing.
“Auntie Amara didn’t want to run heaven. She’s out somewhere in Australia right now, so she brought some of us back. Jack gave her a list.”
“Or why you still sell raspados when you make more money on the weekend with your food.” Sam continued as they struggled to carry the bag of maiz to the kitchen. They both let out a heavy breath when they finally dropped the bag in the kitchen. Dean’s going to spend the next hour cleaning and soaking the damn corn after this. That doesn’t even include cooking it and finally making the damn masa.
“What?” Dean asked with a low chuckle. Seeing the same concerned look from practically the same face was a little funny. “You two look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
“That should’ve been our first kiss.” Dean tells him when they pull away just enough to rest their forehead together.
Dean walked over to where he saw Cas sitting and smiled at him before he sat beside him, a small space between them.
Dean was still getting used to the sleeping arrangements they had to continually adjust for Cas’s comfort, to have a full night’s sleep, hopefully. Still, they have tried oils, pillow sprays, weighted blankets, white noise machines, night lights, and a stricter bedtime schedule for everyone with no success.
"Thanks for doing this by the way." Dean says looking down at his own hands on his lap. "And you know, for being here."
Jack’s smile brightens up while he nods in excitement. Sam pushes Jack ahead of them, already suggesting games they can all play, while Dean and Cas follow behind them. Already walking shoulder to shoulder again. At least that was a comforting touch, but he needed to try again.
Cas pressed a kiss to Dean’s shoulder, lingering for a second too long before he turned around to look back at Jack. Dean reached to grab his arm, just wanting to touch him, but Cas walked over to pick up Jack instead. Leaving him feeling a little cold as he pulled his hand back to grip the table behind him.
“Maybe we should put Jody and the girls on it Sam,” Dean glanced at Cas as he spoke, “Just until we get this sorted out.” Sam opened his mouth to say something but Cas interrupted.
“Um, do you actually want an answer or…” Dean faltered as Castiel’s eyes narrowed. He sagged slightly in his seat. Then he straightened purposefully.
The woman, who up until this point had remained mostly expressionless, looked utterly shocked. She took a startled step forward. Her arms twitched as if to reach out. Then her expression changed from shock to sadness to guilt.
“Cas, man, you’re not causing trouble. I shouldn’t have said anything. I was just trying to figure out the situation. I know this has gotta be difficult for you. Don’t worry about me. Forget I said anything. Just focus on getting better and we can get you back where you belong, alright?” Dean cautioned a glance back at Cas who nodded, that familiar faint smile playing across her lips.
“Good plan, but first dinner. I’m starving. I saw a diner on the way in that we could check out.” Dean stopped crouching over Cas and closed the laptop screen.
The lights flickered and their breath steamed in the room despite the fire. Wind whipped through the windows that had blown open as the ghost appeared, blowing salt everywhere and breaking the carefully constructed lines. The flickering shape of a woman appeared in the centre of the room. Instinctively, Dean stepped in front of Cas, trying to shield her from the ghost’s view. Cas huffed in surprise and annoyance, stepping out from behind Dean to stand beside him. She raised her shotgun and fired at the ghost. The rock salt basted Beatrice out of existence for a moment.
“Dean, I sense there is something on your mind.” Castiel said, turning her attention on him. Dean ran his hand through his hair nervously.
Castiel felt a burning pain though his whole being. He couldn’t think. It felt like he was being compressed and siphoned away into nothing. He couldn’t feel his arms or legs anymore, he couldn’t see. What was going on? He felt something snap. He felt himself being ripped out of his body. He screamed. Suddenly, for the first time in years Castiel saw earth as he had once seen it eons ago; flying high above the ground. He couldn’t think straight. Something was wrong. He looked down and saw himself. No that wasn’t right, that was an empty husk. Why wasn’t he in his vessel? He tried to go back, but pain lanced through his entire being. He couldn’t get back into his body. He felt himself slipping away, his angelic form struggling to stay in the earthly plane.
They hadn’t learned anything when Cas has examined her (former) body so they decided the next step was to bring in the big guns. So it was his job to call Rowena. Which frankly made no sense to him since she clearly liked Sam better, but he was talking to Cas about something important or whatever. That meant that, for some reason, Dean had to call their ‘magical auntie’ (her words not his). He dialed her number. Straight to voicemail.
Just then Thirza began speaking in a voice as cracked and warped as the branch her life was tied to. She recited words in a muttering broken tone. She looked up at the hunters disdainfully and flung a handful of seeds at them. Nothing happened.
Castiel for his part was incredibly angry at Dean’s behavior and more than a little confused. Dean had kissed him. That wasn’t something, in his experience, that most humans ignored. Cas understood that Dean was strange by human standards. That’s why he cared about him so much, but even Dean couldn’t ignore something like that forever. Not that he wouldn’t try. It was pointless to wait for Dean to come around. Castiel would have to deal with this himself.
It was weird watching Cas drive his car, Dean thought. He didn’t mind it that much, but he kept picturing Cas driving as, well
“Of course darling.” She replied with a smile, “It’s not every day an angel needs your help. Well I suppose that’s not really true, now is it?” She winked at them, grabbed her purse from the table and waved at them.
Castiel found herself at the door to the basement. It had been boarded up countless years ago, but she ripped through the false wall and all but yanked the door off its hinges. She tore down the ruined stairs with the immeasurable grace only an angel could exhibit when sprinting down crumbling wooden stairs into an impossibly dark basement.
There was a man sitting in the middle of the floor chanting. As they watched, Thirza Byrne’s spirit took form, rising up from the floor. The blackthorn branch was clutched in the man’s right hand and the other was holding a bloody knife. He turned to look at the men standing on guard in the doorway.
“What was what Cas?! I saved your ass is what. Evidently you ganked the bitch and here we are, fine and dandy.”
“Oh. Yes I can see how that would be an issue.” The angel took the badge from Dean and scrutinized the picture, “I suppose we should have thought about that. I can’t very well continue to use Jimmy’s identification while I am in this vessel. I probably should not have driven after all as his is the only driver’s licence I have.”
Dean woke to early morning sunlight streaming into his eyes, a throbbing headache and a seriously pissed off angel glaring at him fiercely. He straightened up slowly, wincing at the sharp pain in his chest. He didn’t look at Castiel.
been treating her differently since Williams. He hadn’t really noticed, but now that he thought about it… He started to remember all the little things: His hand brushing hers while they walked, locking eyes every time one of them entered the room, watching her as she spoke and just drinking in the fact that she was still there, throwing himself in front of her in the sitting room. It hadn’t seemed that strange, that different from how he usually was with Cas, but maybe…
Cas was the fastest person Dean had ever been shopping with. He’d been on beer runs that had taken longer. She wasn’t interested in looking at clothes. She barely even tried them on. She also seemed determined to minimize the amount of change happening in the lives of the Winchesters. That or she really did miss her old clothes. Castiel, angel of the lord was back. She was clad in her typical black suit, white shirt and blue tie, and of course the damn trench coat. There she was, back in all her glory, God’s Holy Tax Accountant. There was something so familiar about it, despite the fact that Cas was currently blond and almost a foot shorter than him, that it made Dean’s heart ache. Staring at his best friend all he could think about was how much he had missed her these last few weeks.
He was not ready. No, he wasn’t ready to cross that line with Cas just yet. He loves the man, and whenever the rare instance happens when they kiss, he feels like he’s about to combust out of pure joy, but he can’t - he doesn’t know how…He’s not ready.
“I’m keeping them asleep.” She easily answered and made a glass of scotch appear in her hand. “I wanna talk. Alone.”
simply rolled his eyes at him. “Okay, you stay here. Talk to your son, and I’ll go talk to the other kid.”
"I wouldn't mind taking your name, Dean." Cas tells him and Dean grins grows bigger and his eyes have small crinkles on the side of them that Cas wanted to reach out to smooth them out but restrained himself.
When they did stop kissing Dean got up and left the bed, stretching as he went to talk to the camera guy. Cas laid there watching them, well watching his husband’s great back muscles, and the next thing he knew the camera guy left. Cas sat up confused as he watched Dean go through his carryon bag and take out that small bathroom bag he had.
When they got to their room, it was a huge one-bed honeymoon suite filled with candles, flowers, a bathtub with rose peddles around it, and a view of the ocean on the balcony, and the first thing Dean does, after the bellman leaves their luggage in the room, was to turn to the cameraman who walks in the room with them.
Jack followed Sam and Eileen on a holiday trip to Ireland. Of course, Dean had to refuse. Thinking of the long plane ride alone was making him feel sick. Though he insisted Cas should tag along with them - go see the world and all that jazz - he didn’t budge. Insisting he just wants to stay in the bunker.
As he walked through the door the first thing he noticed was how empty the other side of the room was. He figured his side would be small but the other side only had three people filling up seats out front. He then smiled at everyone in his family and gave them a wink before he finally turned to look at the -oh holy shit he's hot- man he was going to marry.
Dean laughed, his arms reaching down to wrap around Cas’s waist and spin him around. Both of them laughing as they continued dancing and kissing until it was late enough that they had to go home.
Sam was smoothing Jack’s back while giving Dean a nod before motioning to the other unconscious body. He smiled reassuringly at him before giving his attention back to Jack.
it would be to touch you. Just being around you was enough before, but now all I want is a simple brush of the skin.”
Dean is a little too distracted by everything Cas. Even when he tells himself he has to move on and just be happy for his old best friend. But it's hard when Cas is now just a text message away again.
This is the first time Dean has really had a vacation. He was always too busy to do so and he never really left the state unless it was to go visit Sam in California and even then it was a straight drive, only stopping to fuel him and his baby. Even now he was worried about Sam and his Dad.
What if they were fighting? What if John was drinking? Who's making dinner? Who's going to help Bobby with the shop in the morning? Who's watching his baby? What if Ellen needs help in the kitchen? What if Jo needs help with the assholes who ride into town? What if-?
Cas quickly got up and started following Dean out the door. “I thought your girlfriend said you had to go to work.”
Dean smiles nervously at Cas before he asked if he could kiss him again for one of the pictures. Cas only looked at him in surprise before he nodded and that was all Dean needed to slowly lean down to taste those lips again. Dean even reached down to hold Cas hand and wrapped the other one around his waist to pull him close. He was too busy tasting his new husband’s lips, he swears he tastes like a green gobstopper, that he didn’t notice Cas free hand go up to lay behind Dean's neck to pull him closer. He can feel Cas fingers go into his hair and Dean wanted to pull him closer and he had to remind himself that they had people watching.
“You know, si quieres, you can talk to me.” Dean looks up to see Cas was already watching him. “I know I’m a nobody, but I hear nobodies are great to vent to.”
Dean ended up coming home a little sooner than he should have, but he didn’t want to lose the shower to Sam. He didn’t want to be sweaty and cochino for his not date with Cas.
Dean’s eyes fell into Cas’s mouth as his tongue poked out to lick his lips before he swallowed hard.
