Sherlock shrugs. 'I don't know. My people know who is in London and who is not, but they can't go beyond that.'
Two kicks and his on knee gives a warning. He stops
Not only Sherlock has started this all over again, but now Anna has been growing impatient with this old/new habit. She doesn't know it's old of course, by the time there were the three of them things were still strange in their friendship.
Mycroft scrutinizes him, asserting he's not in physical danger. 'I am deeply sorry. She escaped the hospital during a brief moment of mistake. My agent informed me immediately.'
'Sounds nice.' he replies nonchalantly.
'I'll see him to the door and come to help you.' he says to impede her from coming along. She starts to pick the remaining plates.
'You have some nerve on you, don't you?' she interrupts him and the smooth façade drops, finally showing she is bordering on choleric. John's mouth snaps shut. 'I
'Of course. You don't care. You
What are you thinking about this? You can comment, or talk to me on tumblr! I'd love that! username thanks-mike-stamford
'It's been a while you've been there, dear.' her voice comes muffled from the other side of the door. 'I'm making myself tea. Do you fancy a cuppa?'
'Mycroft is here.' she informs the wall of silence, as if it's important information for him. The last alive person on Earth he would like to see is Mycroft. Scratch that, perhaps it's Sarah.
'Oh my god, John! I was so worried! How are you?'
A beat of silence.
'I live in Primhose Hill. Are you also near here?'
the moment he understands, he gives up, he spares him because John can't stomach it, he's not brave enough and Sherlock is leaving to die in some bolthole of Europe. So Sherlock makes a joke and John laughs so he doesn't cry. He pushes the locked box at the top shelf to the back of his mind.
He throws on his bathrobe and runs downstairs, and outside. Mary is standing near the door, holding onto the handrail, watching their car burn. Some neighbors are gathering outside already. Mrs. Mahmasani is talking to 999 on her phone, he's able to overhear even over the cracks from the fire eating the vehicle away.
And of course, there are no lawyers prepared to argue with this logic. What are even the laws applied? What if everything is just a self-fulfilled prophecy, and you are the one at fault for desiring something so impossible to occur without negative repercussions?
prrrferct.
They stop with the leg mid-air, tongue bleping out for a second, before lifting their head to look at John. They then move to a sitting position, bending their head to the side a bit as if asking
They let him do the procedure lying down, thank god, but he is still required to lift his arms and take a deep breath a few times. It's exhausting and painful. His head hurts like hell, and while he's being wheeled back to the shared room he was before, he touches the side of his face, finding bandages all over it that he hadn't noticed before, in addition to the ones at the extension of the left side of his body.
He didn't. Holmes didn't run and Watson released Moriarty. She could only watch, completely perplexed, as the "dynamic duo" agreed to die by shooting the detonators. Apparently Moriarty wasn't the only one insane in the room.
'Oh.' John braces himself. 'Go on then.'
-- * --
life?' he asks slowly, as if talking to, well, an idiot.
John waits for Mycroft to finish, but he doesn't add anything else. Anna straights up next to him, but he avoids looking at her. Silence fills the room.
It’s been days since he last went to Baker Street. He was once again going to leave early from the clinic. Today would be David’s first attempt at Anna, so he would manage to be with Sherlock while she was distracted.
John inclines his head. 'You had a list of potential jobs I could take in central London. And a nursery for Rosie.' he tries not to use a revealing tone, but his heart is fluttering madly.
John rests back against the bed, not looking at Greg anymore. 'John, I'm really sor-'
'Oh my God!' John exclaims, not containing the shock in his face.
coming from your room, and-' he finally cuts himself off.
Everything I already said.
After scrutinising the carpet for a moment, he decides it looks safe enough to put Rosie on it with her toy giraffe. She bounces a bit and mouths the giraffe. He leaves her to it and goes to Sherlock's laptop. Sherlock always cleans his google search, so he finds nothing. The website's inbox has some new messages, but nothing he seemed to have taken up in the past week.
'So now I get the picture, let's get back to the real problem. You had a fight with Sherlock?'
'Because… she's my daughter.' he says wishing he hadn't hinted doubt at his answer.
'Hey, what's taking you so long?' John's voice reaches him from the other side, sounding a bit annoyed.
'You know what. Insinuating relapse.'
He wraps himself with a towel and goes to Sherlock's bedroom through the secondary door of the loo. He finds a clean pyjama where Sherlock told him. Luckily the man likes his indoor clothes baggy, otherwise they wouldn't fit John at all. He dresses himself there. He accidently bumps on the towel thrown over a chair and it falls on the floor.
Sherlock entertains the always demanding Rosamund Watson while John talks to Keona Douglas, all four of them seated in a cafe near where she works. He had procured her services because he knows she is competent, knows that she feels grateful he got rid of her stalker while ending up on the wrong end of his ire which makes her more inclined to help him, and of utmost importance, she's aware of how his cases, being not general public friendly, usually require unorthodox methods.
He is considering taking the bike from the back of the house (surely we wouldn't be followed again?), when a loud blast makes him deaf.
'What, do you think she's blackmailing Anna?'
He can control if he feels pain or not. He digs the nails in the skin where the scar sits. And pushes a bit more. It hurts but not like he remembers it. The hand is removed, leaving four reddish dents in its place. He watches the dents slowly becoming purplish. It doesn't come even close to what he wanted.
She accomplished not to laugh hysterically just so. Why she believed this bloody movie of a life was an ideal job? In the end, Moriarty cut the operation off. The bastard probably hadn't even been afraid to die, he was just a show-off like Sherlock Holmes.
'Many years from now.' John says cheerfully.
me?'.
She crosses her arms over her chest, looks over the kitchen table and oven. 'Didn't know she was already eating food.'
In the morning all his muscles appeared to be on a protesting strike. Sherlock notices of course, and surprisingly reviews some positions with him. They don't talk about the other practising.
John nods and closes his eyes, stretching his legs and reclining against the wall.
Indeed, in 15 minutes the shovel finally hits hard wood. 'Oh my god.' he whimpers in relief. He runs to take out the remaining thick of it, and the coffin is uncovered. Lucky him, it's not a heavy fancy casket. A closed coffin makes more sense given the nature of the death. The corpse must have not been a suitable sight for anyone but the mortician. That means the lid, however, only opens completely, which is inconvenient for him to sit on top of it.
The car slows down and he can already see Mycroft and Sherlock talking by the plane. The sight makes his heart play a
'I know it's not her name, you dick. But I can't call her Mycroft's main minion.'
They are not forgotten about her previous job - or better putting, her previous boss. So they can't really talk about Moriarty when she's around. When they left the bathroom the other day Anna looked very suspicious, which is alarming coming from her. He wanted to examine the hacker video with Sherlock, but he was adamant on not doing it. He guaranteed he was okay, and that Moriarty was dead, so they should go home.
Sherlock sits up, rolling his shoulders back and forth. 'PTSD nightmare. It's really fine. I just didn't block you because I was fast asleep myself.'
In the morning, walking down the aisles, she found a particular gravestone in accordance to her needs. She digged the sand and buried her phone. Rachel died with Jake that day.
(See the end of the chapter for
He starts to violently punch the sandbag, forgetting all about positions.
Sherlock looks up instantly. ‘I don’t get it. Didn’t you check?’
'Well, you keep checking it even if I'm talking to you.'
. The post only made his own chest pang, and he chose to let Mary take over his attention, even if it had annoyed him.
Second phase of the plan starts, but there's only one thing in John's mind.
Sherlock has to concede he has a point with that argument.
'Whatever you say.'
He looks over his shoulder with a sad upturned lip that resembled Sherlock so much. 'Constantly.'
who you are! Do you know her latest abilities? Do you have any idea of what she can do by herself, what she eats, the words she manages to say?'
'H-ah!' he tries to shout, but his dry throat clogs. He coughs and tries again. 'HELP!'
‘I just… I’ll go there and say all these things to her but you are still married and—‘
He is still nauseated, so he decides to skip dinner. Rosie burps happily and loud by his ear, and starts to babble the baby language. 'Hey lovely, how you doing?' he whispers to her, already able to smile a bit. She drools on him.
He walks to the chairs, adjusts the pillow and sits. Sherlock still won't meet his eyes. 'A case going on?'
'Is that me?' Sherlock frowns at her.
'He did say he was going to take my case, wasn't it, sweetheart?' she had pronounced with teary eyes and a fulfilled smile. 'We're safe now! Our daughter is safe!'
John exchanges a quick look with Sherlock but he has already turned to the living room, apparently looking for his violin, so he follows Mycroft downstairs. At the door they stop, Mycroft with his back to him and a hand on the doormat. The dramatic tendencies definitely run in the family, John thinks.
'Since Anna is still in early weeks of pregnancy, waiting is mandatory. Hence, we have two courses of action: before and after the baby is born. The second part is actually easier. The kid is yours, so you have no custody problems. Assuming she would be favourable, you could divorce her and share guardianship-'
'Janine said… she owed you a dance.'
'Not a single one can compare to you.'
He gets up and stretches his hand to help John get up. 'You need a profession on your own, and we're going to find it together.'
'Care to dance with me? No closed curtains this time.'
being here?' she asks sourly.
John steps in to occupy his space, holding Sherlock's waist with his arms. He immediately responds by resting both his hands on John's chest. 'You are the best human being I've ever met.' he says nuzzling his nose over Sherlock's, who clutches his shoulders, and kisses his cheek.
Anna is at the living room watching TV, but when he closes the door behind him she turns it off and gets up to face him. He prepares himself for whatever is coming.
Rosie catches her intent of taking her and screams sharply. Mary's eyes widen, and she drops her hands. Rosie turns her back to her, muffling the scream in Sherlock's coat, holding tight. 'What is wrong, Rosie?' Mary asks, not managing the high pitch anymore.
George produces a small bottle of pepper spray from his jacket pocket. 'It's not murder if it's an accident. Now, I'm-
Sherlock displayed a very young face.
He smell-kisses her head. 'Hope your dad comes back home soon.'
John considers for a moment. 'This actually sounds good. I think I'll give it a try.'
He doesn't know how much time has passed, but it's been morning for a long time now. The daylight allows him to take a look at his thigh. The dark trousers conceal most of the damage, but the light pus is such a contrast that it's impossible not to notice. Just what he needed, an infection. The longer he stays, the harder it is to change positions, and everytime he moves he feels the wound more tender.
Mycroft just bows his head an inch in acknowledgement, and leaves. Anthea moves forward. 'The car will take you both to Westminster. We already have an agent on Martha Hudson's flat.'
She is peeking from the ajar front door of her flat, and she doesn't look pleased. 'Take care with the carpet, would you?'
'I'll get dessert.' she announces. They remain quiet until she comes back with… rice pudding.
-- * --
'Authentic.' she replies. 'About twelve weeks in a fortunate chance we could catch her gender. I thought I was safe by then, but a few days after that I woke up bleeding.'
'Are you really throwing at me an argument
As he speaks the train arrives. He embarks and takes place opposite to the door. More people come after him, occupying the whole car. Anna takes a seat smiling at him, all malice. Tall old man on her right wears full black attire, grieving in the old-fashioned way. Young ginger man at the back keeps smiling softly to himself, eyes downwards, clearly in love, probably for the first time. Blond woman near the window gives a strong sigh while scrolling through her smartphone, angry at coworkers.
'Janine consented to talk to Anna-Greta.' Sherlock gestures in her direction. She's gathering her things. 'Since they have some unresolved matters. Empathy and emotional appeal could work to--'
'Oh I very much want to.' John spits between closed teeth, sounding nothing like himself.
For the first time in all his sessions, he barks a laugh. ‘No, I don’t mind. I can’t even believe that myself.’ he says with a smile. He has been feeling so content and light-headed, and the last time this happened was during the Jennifer Wilson case. Like he had been carrying a heavy weight on his shoulders, making him walk with his eyes on the pavement, and suddenly someone took it out and stretched a helping hand for him.
'You have until tomorrow 12pm to send 200 thousand pounds or he will kill me. The details on how to proceed are in the file.' her voice is neutral. Suddenly a sob comes out. 'Take me home. Please, my love.'
He supposes it's silly and a bit inappropriate of him to consider the whole ordeal anticlimactic, but that's how he feels.
Sherlock visibly deflates, holding the towel firmly against his back. John obliges himself to keep looking at him, visual contact is important for him to
Sherlock stops at the doorway, turns back and leans against it, taking a look at him. He sighs. 'I was captured there. It wasn't the first time during those two years, but it was the first I really hadn't counted on. I stayed there for weeks. I believe I would have been able to slip away in a week or so, but Mycroft went to get me.'
' Sherlock exclaims dramatically as usual. 'What took you so long?'
'Is that… a scrap book?'
He's honestly exasperated by now. Why hadn't Sherlock given any news? When was the last time they talked, last week? He decides not to wait anymore. He types "Anything new?" And clicks to add a contact. There's no Sherlock there. He frowns and puts his number, that he knows backwards. He hits
Sherlock gives him a rude pitying look.
) every once in a while, he ignores it. Right now all he has to do is don't let Watson scratch her arm, and make her interested in the drawing sheet of paper the cafe equipped them with.
'Unbelievable!' she throws her hands in the air, laughing sourly. She starts to breathe laboriously. 'It was Sherlock, wasn't it? I
'But have you already thought about what we're giving as incentive in the negotiations?'
John sighs, and lies his head on Sherlock's shoulder. The wheels of his brain are whirling wildly. Sherlock rests his cheek over the top of John's head. A loud melodic noise announces Rosie has dropped her piano. Gently, Sherlock gets up to collect it and put it back in place. John watches the simple act, and then on a whim he removes the stick from the laptop without the security procedure and stands.
And Happy New Sherlock! :)
being kidnapped, and Camel one is disgusting. It's a bit of an urgency, however. Is this the week with your kids?'
Since the house is on Mary Watson's name, and there's no legal will for her, it's his property now. Same can't be said about the car abandoned in Swansea, since the owner was Carla Deprez, nor any of the money Mary had in hidden accounts. The house is definitely his to be sold, which is what he does.
promise this time around.'
Agonizing forty minutes later Sherlock takes a seat beside him. John reclines and rests his head at the wall, turning a bit sideways to breathe the sight of him. Surprisingly he says nothing and tentatively puts his hand in John’s shoulder. ‘We had a fight.’ he says numbly. ‘I made her angry, which was very stupid of me. She was vomiting blood.’
All this happening and all Sherlock would talk about was John's wife, John's choices, John's child. Oh God, the child.
John comes after her, watching incredulous as they hug and talk absolute nonsense. He spots Mycroft regarding him in a way that resembled the driver, but he honestly couldn't care less at the moment. He hears Sherlock telling Mycroft this is probably their last conversation, and he can't suppress the painful sigh.
Come talk to me on tumblr!! Username thanks-mike-stamford :D
He purses his lips while lifting Rosie to his own arms. Surely she would have gotten some germs from here. 'I'll tell, John. Thank you, afternoon.' he turns around without waiting for a response, entering the cab he had told to wait by the sidewalk.
'I was typing on my phone.' he hisses gazing the ceiling, and resumes breathing through his mouth.
Mary barely hold her gasp, and she noticed her reaction wasn't sole.
Mrs. Hudson seems obviously skeptical, but shrugs. 'Ok, then. Please take care. We'll have a nice evening together, aren't we?' she turns to talk to Rosie in a baby speak.
do next?'
John scrapes off the last spoonful, and waits for her to finish the previous one. 'Yes, thankfully. I think I'll try carrots tomorrow.'
'And I don't even know how to start! Basically she lied about everything. She was a criminal, she even worked for Moriarty before Sherlock faked his death!'
'I'll explain later.' he sighs. 'But I suppose we're going home.'
'Did you fake the pregnancy test?'
Sherlock side-eyes him but complies.
If Sherlock would just look at him again, he would see incredulity written all over his face. 'And why the hell not, pray tell?'
'Sorry, I'm knocked out. I'll just have some bread and head to bed.' he replies apologetic.
'Yes. Wanna help?'
Sherlock and Anna are going to the car. He says Moriarty is back but obviously dead. He seems confident of himself, so John trusts him. In other circumstances he wouldn't be impeded of scolding him by his apparent guilty of overdosing, but he will save it for other opportunity. Anna and Sherlock discuss something about Emilia Ricoletti's case, which John still doesn't care, so he reclines in his seat, closing his eyes for a moment, coming down from the hysteric situation he just passed.
'Did you want to?'
Sherlock squeezes his nape, looking right into his eyes. 'You're not used to the room. It's normal. You'll get used to it, just like you got used to sleep with Mary.'
Mycroft comes after her, but John takes one look at him, wearing a black three-pieces suit, and fakes having a fit, so a nurse expels the tosser from the ward to attend to John.
'Six months already. Time flies.' he answers. If she wants lunch she better cook herself. He puts the brown bag on the table beside the front door and goes upstairs with the plate of potatoes.
'What? You are blocked? But ho-- oh my god.'
(not the
He cleans the whole bathroom until it smells of bleach. He finds it oddly comforting. Sherlock's used towels are still there, so he adds them to the laundry pile.
Every single time it has been Sherlock, the one fixed point in John’s life.
'What the hell is this?' he asks loudly over the music. They start at his voice. Sherlock stops laughing (
'Upstairs.'
Finally at 221B they put away their coats and also shoes. John finds a bottle of whiskey half full at the cabinet and fills a glass. To his surprise, Sherlock surges behind him and picks a glass for himself. They sit at their chairs, still in the same place John left them, pushed close. When Sherlock doesn't put his legs again in his lap, John tugs at his trousers indicating him he should.
He finishes his coffee while watching the news, letting them play for a bit more. Some politics screwing over the general population as usual, Brexit negotiations which John was pretty sure had Mycroft's fingerprints all over, footage of polar bears starving in the melting North Pole, Kate is pregnant
'Now take that look of your face, let's have lunch downstairs. I prepared roast beef'
'I understand.' John replies, keeping his voice from cracking. 'It seems stronger than a person. But...' he swallows and looks away. 'There's two of us to fight it. If you ever feel like that… just tell me. I'll be here. Always.'
'About him wanting things he can't have! You're married now. I've ignored his kicked puppy faces because you were ignoring too, but if you're going to encourage him I have to step in.'
After they came back from Morocco he and Mary were not on speaking terms, and it's been a couple weeks already. The strained silence and the mucking about the house purposefully to avoid touching or being in the same room made John brittle. She didn't bother apologizing and he wasn't going to ask.
The challenging is, of course, the fact that everyday at 10:27pm until dawn, John becomes a blond cat. And not even a sentient human cat, but a purely feline one. His human mentality completely leaves him. Sherlock had asked if he remembers the logic in the mornings.
'I'm aware. The worst thing will be itching of course, not waiting for that.' Sherlock replies. John smiles, and attaches another dressing to his shoulder.
'John, where are going now? What happened?'
Whyyyyy
'The thing you were buying is very low in protein, no wonder you were in such a bad mood.' he seems satisfied with his work, and steps aside to pile the discarded books against the wall, besides the women magazines. 'I will start with feeding. Stupid of me not thinking about doing that initially. Being a regular and reliable source of food is the best way to gain confidence with a strange animal. I bet that within a week or two eating the good stuff you'll let me approach for light petting. You should also avoid staying in your room for the transformation, we don't know if you'll feel like bolting downstairs, and the socialisation will work better down here. By the way, I moved the sandbox to the bathroom, because cats like mirroring people. Well, I didn't exactly move it, that litter tray is tiny, I bought one with high walls so the sand doesn't get all over the floor. I also bought the biodegradable litter, so we can flush it safely.'
'Of course it's you, you berk. You left with her giraffe.'
‘You’re such a smart man, Sherlock Holmes.’
'Thank you for telling me this, Mrs. Hudson' he tells her quietly.
He goes as far as opening the front door, when he hears a whisper behind him. He turns to look over his shoulder. Mrs. Hudson is at the door of her flat, motioning for him to come inside. He closes the front door and goes after her. They enter on 221A and she closes the door behind her. 'Come on dear, to the living room.'
'You're angry, I understand, but she can't do anything right now! You'll accomplish nothing from this! You'll hate yourself later!' John is not fighting him but he still very tensed up. 'And besides, Mycroft can't cover another murder without a reason. They will find out about your gun. Do you really want to go to jail
He calls the clinic to quit his position. He can't stand the place anyway. When the receptionist tries to ask him about Anna he hangs up. His CV will probably need updating once again so he can start looking for a new job. He wants to consult Sherlock on the matter, but his phone stayed on the kitchen table when he stormed out.
'Oh, that I can do.' he says, tucking a curl behind his red ear.
She dismisses him with a wave of her hand. 'I just put a bit on my tea with other herbal soothers here and then. My hip bothers me like hell otherwise. Want to take a look?'
John looks up startled. Oh my god, no.
'But… you're okay with that? A child living here? We'd have to reorganize the whole place. And not just once, all the time.' he needs to make Sherlock understand the degree of adjustment they'd have to pass through. 'Honestly, if it's something you can't cope there's no problem. It's your flat. I can find somewhere else to live.'
'You found my things.' he says in a low voice, searching John's face.
'Ahn.'
'Ok then. Tell me about it.' why Sherlock still put the coffee in the cupboard Janine used to?
'This is not very clear don't you think?' he asks carefully, not wanting to offend his friend. 'I never actually say I forgive her and everything.'
'Now more than ever.' he says, pocketing his phone after answering that yes, he'll be home soon.
'Mrs. Hudson!' he gets up and runs to his coat hanger. 'There are some saline drops in the kitchen, would you use them on Rosie before she sleeps? Can you keep her for the night? It's a matter of emergency.'
'Moderately.'
'Later. I finished your script.'
Well, the thing is: now that he didn't have the obligation to feel good about his life, he realized what a mess it had been since the beginning.
'Did you piss off that many people?' he growls. The back of his neck feels hot.
And the most innocent smile
'I'm sure that whatever decision about the flat concerns Sherlock only.' he replies without breaking eye contact, contracting his jaw. Mycroft gives a little laugh.
'You don't have any messages from Sherlock, honey. Are you deleting them?' he is unable to read her face in the dark, but her tone requires caution.
'Your blog is abandoned again.' Ella says in that familiar tone that is impossible to decipher.
-- * --
It was disconcerting when this need became bitterness, but he supposes his choices weren't the best to deal with the situation.
'The hell I am!' he says. He squeezes the shoulders in his hold. 'She's safer and happier here. And I will not just blindly wait this time. We are thinking of something, me and this big brain of yours, ok?'
'John, what are you doing?' he asks between giggles.
So he gives Rosie the formula bottle at breakfast, and doesn't wake up Mary. He makes toast and eggs and tea for himself only, ignoring the Look she gives when entering the kitchen. He finishes and goes to entertain Rosie without greeting her. He plays with his daughter in her room with the door closed. He calls her Watson, because that's how Sherlock calls her, and she repeats
She holds his hand tightly, and her hair sways into his vision.
. It took time. As a young adult, but only because you never relied on me to do it. I learned, and not because of you.'
She looks at him weirdly startled, and rummages around the kitchen as if pursuing for something to do. 'Yeah, I suppose.'
At least Sherlock tolerates rice pudding, but for him if it doesn't involve a dentist being disturbed it is a disappointing dessert. John sighs.
‘What? It’s true.’ he whispers back, ignoring the other man in the room.
lay down on top of big cat. fuzzy rooms maximum. big cat pet my head.
!' he gesticulates wildly.
John closes the door behind him after the nurse leaves, looking very relieved. 'Met your brother downstairs. He said something about breathing therapy.'
'But, how would we do that? There's no way we can monitor her actions or feelings right now.'
‘There's something wrong.’ Sherlock walks in a circle around the coffee table. ‘There's something I’m missing and it’s staring at my face.’
She spent the night planning everything. The next day she went to the clinic just to quit, and the rest of the day was dedicated to pack everything - not much, since she traveled a lot. Tuesday morning she rent a car first thing and left for Wisconsin. It was an eight-hours road trip, maybe a bit more.
'After New Year.'
He blinks again. Sherlock is pinned down to the bed, while John pulls his arm in a dangerous position to his back. The bony shoulder looks on the verge of dislocating. He jumps back in a startle. Sherlock is still for a moment, but John does hear the sigh of relief. He watches him turn on his side and massage the shoulder with his other hand. John can only see his back, knowing the inside-out t-shirt hides a myriad of scars that he only was able to see recently.
'We wouldn't do anything to be honest. Mycroft certainly can arrange the operation, the withdrawal of the corpse--'
'But I'm ruining this!
ago?' he questions in a high-pitched voice.
John holds Sherlock's face with one hand while pressing kisses on his forehead, both his cheekbones, the side of his nose, his closed eyelid, the corner of his mouth, the tantalising curve of his jaw. Then one, two, three pecks on the full lips. Sherlock has one hand caressing John's scalp and the other resting right over his bare buttock.
John is absolutely delighted at Sherlock's shocked face when they appear, transforming to disbelief at the hats. Mrs. Hudson manages to put one on him, and John trusted Greg to be filming the whole event in his phone. Sherlock's exasperation is betrayed by the gleam in his eyes when he sees the cake, but everyone lets him think he's fooling them.
'So you changed your mind about everything then?' he asks constricted.
'Your girlfriends were stupid. And dull.' he replies. 'You've been doing fine so far.'
John looks at him. He seems very small under the duvet.
'Actually, I don't know where she is, as I told you before. As to how she left unnoticed, she's a professional assassin with international reputation, I'm sure she knows how to disappear in public.'
'Hardly your fault.' he takes a sip. 'Your turn.'
'What things?'
They give enough time for John to pack a bag for him and Rosie, while Sherlock finds a styrofoam box to stock the breast milk bottles in the fridge. They put everything in the boot of the car, and the anonymous suit-dressed driver takes off to central London.
At lunchtime break he considers Ella's suggestion. He googles on his computer and finds some websites that offer a private journal. The idea is discarded soon, because he'd have to be very open about himself, and he'd be withholding his feelings, which doesn't help his situation. He needs an expiatory.
Entering the empty house is strange. He doesn't really feel like he's been living here for so long. Anna had chosen almost everything, and he didn't pay much thought in it. After leaving Baker Street when Sherlock faked his death he actually moved twice. When they started dating he had been in a horrible kitchenette with a single bed, so he never invited her to his place. He never really felt like this house was his, not like 221B, so he has no idea why he considered telling Sherlock he wasn't moving back in.
'Jesus!'
'As would you.' she smiles sharply, no facade on now. John just swallows, tightening his fists. 'Very good, very bad. I'm going. And don't worry, I'll come back.'
‘You see. I need to ask. I can’t go talk to her and insinuate possibilities and plans that could make a disaster between me and her. What makes you think that a mother would give up her child? Leave her own daughter to another people take care of, just like that? Do you think Mary doesn’t care about her child?’
John Watson, though. That one was interesting. She read his profile - veteran, doctor, PTSD. Physically he reminded her David a lot, but more handsome. She also checked his infamous blog - that made two for people obsessed with Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock pauses for a moment to stare at her and she smiles at him. John downs the wine through his throat. Sherlock puts a forkful of the pie in his mouth and chews with difficulty.
He starts at her epiphany. 'What?'
They roll the material into thin cigarettes. Sherlock finds it infinitely amusing that Mrs. Hudson is more dexterous at the activity than him. The strong smell is already impregnating his brain as he work the weed. Sherlock maneuvers two chairs close to the window that opens to the back alley. They sit and light on the cigarettes. The first inhale is appeasing at once. Mrs. Hudson closes her eyes in delight.
John is finally satisfied with the disinfection of the scratches on Sherlock's hand. They are shallow and only bled right after the attack. 'I don't think I carry rabies. I mean, is it possible to be sick only at night?'
'Yes.' the response comes faint.
One hour later Sherlock suggests taking John's blood to send to Molly, mainly to confirm it's LSD in his system. John agrees, and they move to the small bathroom adjacent to Rosie's room. John sits on the closed toilet lid, watching as Sherlock dexterously makes a tourniquet in his right arm, and prepares a syringe with an empty vial attached.
He doesn't say anything about Aadhya and she doesn't ask. He leaves feeling giddy that she doesn't know Dr. Connery was going to cover his afternoon to pay for an absence the other day.
Sherlock narrows his eyes at him, clearly not satisfied. 'You can sleep on my bed if you want. I'm not tired now but I can join you later.'
watching. They retreat to bed, John reads a book and she scrolls down her tablet. In forty minutes or so they finally set to sleep. He can't stop thinking about Sherlock so doesn't turn off hi phone, just in case.
He spent hours rummaging those files with Sherlock. His brother pulled enough strings to uncover Mary's life since early adulthood, probably outraged at himself for letting things get out of control this way. If Magnussen knew where to gather those informations, trust Mycroft Holmes to be able to do it as well.
'Good for you then! Forgetting about the lies she told the newspapers about you.' he says sarcastically.
Not betaed, not brit-picked, not first language. Please point any mistakes, and explain them! Thank you for reading!
And the cases? Who is going to stay with her while he’s away? It will take a while before she can go to the nursery. She has to start eating properly before that, which is usually around six months. Christ, what about the milk? Could he get from a bank? Perhaps even Anna could give it to him in bottles in the beginning?
'When the last choices you made put him in a ventilator, Doctor Watson, I believe it reached my domain.' he answers with a tough expression. And then in a cold tone 'My brother can be very naive sometimes. Consider your actions prudently. Afternoon.' Before John could say anything else he leaves.
After his conversation with Ella, he decided not to bring this conversation up. For now. Yeah, still working on that part.
control now is making John's path of grief go smoothly. He will get rid of everything that could trigger him as soon as possible. After he called it a night, Sherlock monitored John's breathing pattern until he was sure the man in his bed was asleep. It obviously took a while, considering his historical correlation between emotional distress and trouble sleeping, but eventually tiredness won over. After that he stayed a few more minutes just listening to it, because he had thought it was something he couldn't have anymore.
After finishing this task, he sits down and waits. The night encloses him rather quickly after that, making him safer from potential onlookers, and perhaps from himself. He has two bottles saved for later use. While waiting, he uses the portable scale in his pocket to measure the size he will need to open, and marks the lines on the sand with a white spray aerosol.
Hearing the baritone again is what does it to him. He drops the bottle and grabs Sherlock, pulling him into his arms tightly. He feels Sherlock doing the same but shyly. He buries his nose on Sherlock's squashed hair, murmuring. 'Everything will be ok, now. I've got you.'
make you vanish from Europe without a trace of your existence, so do watch out.'
So............ yeah I know. But thing is, I don't have internet at home since the end of March, and the whole fic is on google docs. I'm posting this using the university wifi (ops). I'll try to post more frequently in these two weeks to compensate!
"All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players" Shakespeare
if you're being kidnapped.'
'Destination?' he hears the driver ask impatiently. He must have questioned him already.
-- * --
'Bad idea that.' he says as he steps back to get the nasal spray and speculum. 'It's not a serious injury. I'll just realign the bone and cartilage manually. This will alleviate a bit the discomfort.'
‘Mr. Holmes left instructions to take you to a private facility in case of emergencies.’
'Come on, it's Sherlock. He's not easily offended.'
"Don't let him go like that" a voice deep in his mind murmurs. "Don't let this night be a complete disaster."
'It's completely absurd! You remember the Victor Trevor disaster? With John is going to be ten times worse! He already damaged you enough!'
'Did you eat something strange yesterday?'
To add insult to the injury, their new way of interacting makes John stupid. Or even more stupid according to Sherlockian standards, which should not be reference for any average person. At random times of the day he finds himself grinning for
‘Yeah. We are meeting again for lunch tomorrow.’
, I can't today, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.' he scrubs a hand on his wet forehead.
He spent weeks to no end thinking the worst thing he would have to do was pretend to forgive Anna-Greta. Just a couple hours ago he had felt like vomiting while hugging her, thinking how past bad Christmas couldn't hold a candle to this one. All of that seems shallow right now, as he is left behind, watching they getting Sherlock into a car and leaving.
The day after he only has to go to the surgery in the afternoon, and Anna has a lunch appointment with Janine, therefore he leaves early to Baker Street with a bag containing his things so he can go to work directly from there. They also are meeting with David this morning, something with a weird feeling he cannot categorize.
John, not unsympathetic to the disappointment of an underwhelming case, hummed as he set Rosie down on his designated armchair. She relaxed into the back like the queen of a prosperous kingdom. John thought his heart would break in its inability to contain all the love he had for her. Being the mere mortal that he was, unable to paint a message in the stars and give his Rosie her own constellation, John gently grabbed her head—how was she so small when her smile was so
Nimble fingers teased the collar of John’s shirt, but ventured no further. The hair’s on his neck stood up; his muscles shuddered; his jaw quivered as he focused on making sure Sherlock was comfortable and safe. The touch was small but it was significant in every way. It was perfect; it was Sherlock.
“Who tried to give you flowers?”
John’s lips were pinched. “I don’t want to be another mystery for you to solve.”
“Sherlock.”
Murderous tendencies temporarily shelved in the name of Rosie, Sherlock grinned something secret and worth protecting while she rocked her head back and forth in the unshakable bracket of his hand. “William Shakespeare,” he corrected.
—and kissed her forehead.
The two of them, in their seats, as if they couldn’t fathom being anywhere else in the world.
, just . . .” One beat. Two beats. Three beats. Four. All divided in two—eight beats in their core. Eight thumps of Sherlock’s heart.
It was easier to manage, that burden, when the other end of his tether was so near.
“Will you promise to be safe?” Rosie asked Sherlock. “Everyone at school always tells me I have cool parents or weird parents or—or—or whatever it is they say, but I don’t care what they think. I just really, really,
It was, perhaps, with this realization, that John wanted to play the part of a god that could write his love into the stars. He wanted to rise with his bones of branches and his flesh of leaves and reach out across this oceanic canyon, this chasm that existed only to separate them.
And then he did his best not to remember how badly he’d wanted to stare at Sherlock, up on the dais, the lines of his body perfectly bent as his fingers danced over the neck of his violin, his arm pushing and extending to create a beautifully warbling song.
“Grass stains on the wrists of her sleeves—but she always has these, so it only indicates she’d been outside; dirt under less than half her finger nails—she was either messy during her recess or the flowers she’d gotten were still attached at the root; petal stuck—here.” Sherlock had plucked a small white petal from behind Rosie’s ear, presenting it like it would be the damning flower that sent her to jail. “So. Once more, Miss Watson, because I might be accused of playing favourites when you’re involved: Who tried to give you flowers?”
“Da—Sherlock!”
But then the man gave his name, and it was Sherlock Holmes, and John wanted to know what it would be like to match his broken body with this man’s peculiar mind. That was the natural conclusion: find someone dented where he was perfect, fractured where he was whole, haunted where he was protected.
Sherlock’s hands—they were just below the centre of his back, where his spine began to curve inwards.
But then there was the infinitely unknowable problem of Sherlock Holmes, who seemed to always have something up the sleeve of his charcoal-grey Belstaff.
You spend days or weeks in the darkened sorrow of your loss, yet you learn that some of the prettiest flowers grow in the shade; you lay your head down on a pillow that embraces your thought-leaden skull with familiarity, but you’ve learned what songs sound best in the dark; you are scarred and bruised from your skin to your soul, yet you will find an artist, skilled or amateur, who uses your wounds as if they were brushstrokes or letters in a language in which only they are versed.
When Rosie had still been a babe, John had had precisely a month of leeway to unlearn his Army-brand curses, and he’d used it well. He had snuffed certain words out completely, turned them into child-friendly variants, or substituted them with incoherent grunts that sounded vaguely like the verbal contraband he wished so desperately to avoid.
Sherlock rumbled low in his chest, displeased. John pulled back, terrified, only to see Sherlock righting himself on the armchair and wrapping his limbs around him—his legs bracketing John’s middle; his arms braced against John’s shoulders. Each point of contact was a blue-hot flame, cleaving its path into John’s skin and inscribing the story of a doctor and a detective.
“I can assure you, my feet are fine.”
Sherlock turned away, but did not move to dislodge John’s touch. “Don’t be cruel.”
Then night came, and there was a candle and a table and a series of unfortunate questions, and a chase that warmed him from his skin to the marrow of his bones. Sherlock’s footfalls were dulled knocks along the damp walls of the London alleyway, reverberating with equal precision on the sides of John’s skull.
He had. For the first time in years, John Watson could escape from the barriers of his veins, the prison of his skeleton, the film of his skin-turned-armour. In listening to Sherlock’s panting breath, he could make his own lungs follow suit; in experiencing Sherlock’s excitement, John thought that he had a heart with a function more extensive than pumping blood.
He’d had enough. Years of—of everything, and suddenly waiting, sitting on his hands, had become too much.
Sherlock bent down swiftly, swinging her up onto his lap and appraising her like a particularly interesting piece of evidence.
John cracked an eye open, unsure of when they’d slipped shut, and watched as Sherlock, having knelt down, pressed Rosie’s palm to his chest.
thing that’s scared off her friend because
London moving around them in a constant whirlwind of car exhaust and drunken hollering and whispered rumours.
John was quick to guide his face back, actions sure yet allowing for protest on Sherlock’s part. “I wouldn’t. Not to you. Not anymore.”
Sherlock had made an off-handed comment about only one day of his life being so excruciating that he felt the need to retreat the scene of the crime early.
“Pa?”
John felt Rosie nod.
Then John had remembered Sherlock’s unannounced departure from his wedding.
Next, he would lose its function.
These used to be their islands, with the small space between them to hold everything they didn’t want and everything they couldn’t have. Small ships with the cargo of their desire passed by in well-travelled routes, but they were never allowed to unload, to share and relish and love.
but it was of little importance.
As a doctor, he'd learned the conduits and streets through which blood and electricity travelled to form what people called "motor function" or "the circulatory system." Putting names to it didn't help much. He'd venture so far as to say naming these things made it worse; it took away romance from a world that already had so little to give. Now he was nothing more than a house with beams of ivory and wallpaper with the pattern of his unmarked skin. Many others across the globe were much the same. There was a default, a mould, into which everyone was born, and individuality came later—if you were so lucky to find it.
” Rosie sobbed out, reaching with her other hand to take John’s, “want you both here. With me. I don’t want to be alone.
he couldn’t keep, but—
Sherlock shared John’s worry when their eyes met, but he was soon too occupied with Rosie to take part in wordless conversation. “Rosie,” he said in that voice that was always drawn out by the small girl, “do you wish to tell me what’s happened?”
Except for when they were on John. Because then they slowed to an appreciative roam, an apprehensive pensiveness that belonged, unexpectedly, to the world’s sole consulting detective.
meant that Sherlock was currently camped out on John’s floor, but he’d hoped to change that tonight.
could have kissed
Sherlock took that chance to kiss John’s brow.
Next he would lose the claim to his own.
Sherlock didn’t need to look up to check with John. Of course he didn’t. They were
“You feel that, don’t you?”
“You most certainly will not.”
“I did.”
They’d let the “gorgeous” pass without comment. It hadn’t seemed productive to point it out.
and pulled,
Sherlock’s brows leaped for his hairline before seriousness settled across his expression. “It would be as foolish as to hate my heart.”
“I seem to recall you pressing your face against mine not ten minutes before when
to flick him in the forehead. He might try and do it sneakily later. “You,” he said, forcing down a laugh and mostly failing, “are an insufferable sod, and I hope your scarfs all go up in flames.”
John rose from his seat.
“John, please, where would the child have found a rose in the school’s playground?”
meant.
That was a thought.
Sherlock would prove to be a tether for John throughout their friendship.
that nothing’s come up on the—”
“She called you ‘Dad,’” John said, smitten with the man before him and every inch of his unfairly warm chest that hid beneath two layers of fabric. The thought lit up his mind like faerie lights on an over-powered circuit.
John wanted to snap at him for being so blunt, but he seemed to know how to work this better than John himself; Rosie nodded at the clarification of her words, burying her face into Sherlock’s thighs and leaving damp spots with her tears.
But he didn’t think that was this story’s end.
“I think we’re both idiots.”
But now John wanted to say it, over and over and over until the letters were scrawled into the pale planes of Sherlock’s shoulders, over his heart, the dip of his throat. Sherlock looked eager to play canvas.
It was almost easier when he hadn’t known the severity of those words.
John Watson had always had a strange relationship with his body.
But Sherlock was already up and moving to the kitchen in a flutter of blue fabric and mussed hair. John thought he said, “He couldn’t have been tied to the bridge that long, the cord wouldn’t have lasted . . .”
It was all so damn poetic, and John hated every minute of it.
have trained her to want enameled eyeballs.”
were for another day.
John had a matching grin pressed into his fingers as he watched Rosie fail to whistle a song she’d picked up last week. Sherlock was patient with her, not scolding her for potentially getting hair on the disembodied stomach. Not even John was ignorant enough to mislabel that blooming sensation in his chest; there was little else to call it when he saw one piece of his soul holding the other.
“You’re so good with her.”
“Why don’t you hate me?”
Sherlock’s chortle was undignified. John loved the realness of it.
Patience. Patience was a skill John learned for parenthood. He was running low on it, and every ounce had been wasted by this fool in the pretty housecoat.
. They were gems and they were gold and they were brushes of flame that left scars John loved to bear.
“This is good. You’re already learning to disregard the unimportant. Soon we’ll start on your mind palace.”
“This is hardly news.”
as he felt leanly coiled arms tighten around his middle. “Though I do think I’ll hide your stash of microscope slides.”
John kissed her cheek, much to the half-hearted dismay of Rosie. “’Course.”
John was up in an instant, the sound of Rosie’s voice dragging out an unnameable instinct he hadn’t known to live within him.
“We’re not going to talk about that right now. Mainly because I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
John thought, in a fit of oxygen-deprived lunacy, that somehow his heart had joined Sherlock’s in its rapid beating. He looked to this man whom he’d met not three days ago and wondered if it was possible for one person to draw on another’s air supply, to feel their adrenaline as acutely as their own—and relish in the completeness of it all.
, she was meant to be raised by two people who were more broken.
His heart’s creed was the one clearest to those who knew him best.
John turned away before his half-smile could show, but knowing Sherlock, such efforts were useless.
“Are you
to be felt
It was John Watson and Sherlock Holmes that life had treated cruelly, without remorse, and it was those same two who would not be bested by its irrepressible bloodlust.
“You know he texts you first. I take in the blog messages.”
dirt under the nails.”
“Maybe he was trying to do you a favour?” John asked as he approached the opposite side of the kitchen table. They should start calling it something else, like a lab bench, because the last time this surface had seen food, there had been someone else on England’s throne.
“John—”
“I guess that was inevitable. Probably it was going to lead to some severe identity crisis if we didn’t get on that right away.”
your heart was. The cardiac membrane was intact; John Watson was safe.
“Can you help me wash my hands? There
. Then it turned out to be lies on top of lies, and then I couldn’t tell if it was real at all, let alone good.” One beat. Two beats. Four thumps. For John.
None.
When the current of memory’s ocean threatened to pull him under, there was Sherlock’s crisp, cavalier voice. If John was truly lost, pushed against jagged rocks that knew where to press to bring up the oldest wounds, it was Sherlock’s softer voice—the one that he’d when speaking his vow; when he apologized; when he was tired and his defences were no longer a priority.
“I thought this would be more awkward.”
He’d digest it later. Whatever the hell
Sad though it was, the story continued. John Watson had lost ownership of his body when he signed up for the Army.
Sherlock, the unflappable bastard, was unfazed. “I have learned to expect only you from you.”
And yet.
His little girl? Flowers? Other children
Standing next Sherlock in the hall off 221B was an experience he’d never thought he would have—because he was panting, and it was the kind of ragged breathing that could convince you you were dying if you weren’t paying enough attention.
Ah, yes, this was the man that had had a grand malfunctioned when referred to as someone’s best friend. This wasn’t a good reaction; this was the
not every change was a bad one.
Sherlock looked so endlessly
Loving him was the only possibility, wasn’t it? Any given series of events, any shift in the world’s ceaseless tide, would have taken him here—if not in this flat, on this street, in this country, then some other place in some other time where he could hold the face of Sherlock Holmes between his hands and think
Who had moved first? John hadn’t been keeping track, but his knees were braced against Sherlock’s thighs and lightly scarred hands were secured somewhere on his back.
“Nope. No, no, if you’re going to use your lips, use them correctly.”
John wrapped his entire body around her before he could think. These were not wounds he could protect her from, these little cuts in her heart that would never heal with anything save time, but he could try his best to take the hurt from her, undo whatever it was he’d shown her to make her fear this biting loneliness. He’d done this, hadn’t he? This was why broken people did not try to raise other people, because then parts of them inevitably broke in the fumbling that happened along the way.
Sherlock smiled. “Yes, it would seem the articulation of my emotions is still a ways from being . . . desirable. What I mean is that . . . I only expect you to be John. I do not want you to be John Watson, honourably discharged soldier, or John Watson, widower, or John Watson, unwitting partner to the world’s most annoying professional, if it is not what you want to show me. You are the one that matters the most, in whatever manner . . . you are willing to give . . . yourself . . . to . . . me . . . ?” Sherlock scrunched up his nose, the other wonderfully aged lines of his face following, like little paths to mark what they’ve seen, where they’ve been, how they’ve felt and on what scale. “That was terrible. I think you should strike me for that.”
“Debatable, that.” John swallowed.
“Good. Because it’s true. You and your father are the purest goods in my life, and I will always protect you.”
Rosie pulled away, glad for the distraction from her nightmare. “’M sorry, Sherlock, didn’t mean—”
'Cut it off. Getting Mary out of the picture is
Greg visibly swallows and puts away the newspaper. 'I'm so sorry, John.'
John buries his face on Sherlock's chest. He's still trying to control his breath. 'John?' he murmurs to the top of his head. 'Do you have anyone that can cover you at the clinic?'
Relieved that he didn't make wrong assumptions, John gladly takes him, Sherlock mirroring his actions. He doesn't appear inexperienced (there
He estimates it's about 3am when something wakes him up. At some point in the night he had rolled out from Sherlock, snuggling by his side. He listens carefully to determine what bothered him. He feels Sherlock twitching a bit where they are touching, and opens his eyes to look at him.
Greg holds the beer midway to his mouth in the air, frozen and staring at him, mouth agape. 'You're not kidding. This is not a joke.'
'It is.'
He had also sent Mycroft an invitation, but only for him and Sherlock to have a laugh. The deluxe coffee maker he had sent as gift was great, though.
Sherlock Holmes, curled up in his metal-bracketed armchair, sleek and comfortable wrapped up into one piece of furniture. The metal was permanently stained with an acid on the left side, hidden from view unless it was searched for because of the acid’s weak nature. It was in the shape of John’s hand, and the set of circumstances that led to the hand-shaped stain—
This was his life.
John Watson, leaned back in his leather-bound armchair that was worn at the armrests from his constant touch. The throw blanket had changed once, three years ago. It smelled like something distinctly Sherlock—probably it had been in one spill or another, and his aftershave dropped onto it. John would have been a little more upset about the change, about
“She’s a Watson,” Sherlock whispered, bracing his hands on John’s hips. “More so than that, she’s your daughter. Loving her is easy to me.”
“Nothing real in my life has been pure good,” John continued. “Mary—at first, she
Ah, so that was the heat on his cheeks. Laughing wetly, John wiped away the offending tears. “So I am.”
John wanted so
“I don’t mind, Rosie. Not at all. And your Pa doesn’t mind either.”
John understood that; he understood wanting to keep piece of Sherlock, however he could—
“I know.”
“You’ve veered from the lane of poeticism into the lane of incoherency, Sherlock.”
that John knew it could stand no longer. He was around the table in record speed, taking back his daughter as if somehow Sherlock would weaponize her against John himself.
John was happy to hoist her back up.
It was the best thing John had ever learned about him, in this moment.
“By giving me this? He’d do more good for us all by putting a
“No. No—
One, two more—
Sherlock threw himself onto his armchair horizontally. His ankle made an alarming noise as it banged against the metal beams—how had he even
“Has Lestrade sent you anything?”
Those two things did not correlate, for his heart was indeed healthy, but John Watson was worlds away from
John took that moment to sit down. “
“You’ve already done so much for me . . .” How could John ask another thing of him? Telling him to go get the milk felt blasphemous sometimes.
Upon the sight of Sherlock hanging like a bat from the same spot a mannequin had once been mock-hanged, John was not proud to invoke the name of God with the vulgarity he did. In his defence, shock of the Sherlock variety did terrible things for his filter.
“Hello, John,” Sherlock said, too unbothered for John’s blood pressure. “Rosie. I trust you did well at that sorry excuse for an institution.”
“Sure. ‘Hey, Rosie, can you ask your parents if I can come over?’ ‘Sure! But, uh, mum’s dead and I have one and a half dads.’ ‘One and a half?’ ‘Oh, yes, haven’t you heard? John Watson—that’s the full dad, you’ve seen him around here—and Sherlock Holmes. He’s the half, but I think you got that. How do you feel about Easter egg hunts, but instead of finding chocolate, you find clues to a murder my half-dad solved before I was born? Winner gets enameled eyeballs!’ ‘Right . . . Forget I asked.’ Then the poor girl comes home thinking it was the
Rosie bent her neck back to look at John. Sherlock’s hand instinctively reached out to keep her hair from touching whatever he had on the table. It looked like . . . a stomach.
The tendons under John’s hand flexed. Lean, long muscles pulled and relaxed as Sherlock twisted to face him. Vein, muscle, bone; skin, scar, sinew; Sherlock.
patriotic
If asked now why he’d joined the Army, the answer would be as follows:
He didn’t know.
Seeing the twin mischief in their eyes, he’d say he’d gotten there just in time.
No, as a doctor, he could say with certainty that that was indeed a stomach.
John thought to himself.
A hand, calloused and strong, wrapped around his wrist and dragged him toward Sherlock’s old room, which he’d since given up for Rosie’s comfort. It
“Lily.”
“Do take care to not lump me into your normalcy.”
Sherlock had a little splash of murder in his eyes, but it was mostly par for the course. He was like a dog with the knowledge that a bone had been thrown and no way to chase it. Rosie was oblivious to them, continuing, “Said something about Willbun Shake-a-spear and roses. I just liked the flower.”
Sherlock was safe.
Yes—yes, the stool was a necessity indeed.
Sherlock blurred at his edges when he surged forward, but the pressure of his lips against John’s was a distinctly soft one. John loosed a breath and Sherlock gasped—and that was them, in their essence, the perfect balance of everything of nothing, of rise and fall, of the moon and its dark side. They were neither of them only one, but a mix of all in different places.
It did mattered not; under the assault of the Afghan sun, John did not want to lay claim to his skin or his body or his heartbeat. He was Captain John Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers; what other room was there for
Sherlock. Well.
“He’s trying to keep you on your feet.”
, Sherlock. Do you really think she tells me anything?' he replies between gritted teeth, careful to not raise his tone. Rosie breathes peacefully.
'If you had asked me, I'd have said to take care when dealing with tabby cats. They are very unpredictable, and sometimes the prices are high.' she raises her eyebrows knowingly, and closes the door behind herself, leaving him gaping at her.
Getting up two flights of stairs is a bit hard, and John sits on the floor as Sherlock uncovers his face, and puts away his coat. He throws some pillows on John's direction, in case he wants to lie down. He quickly puts up Rosie's stuff in a nappy bag. He fishes a small notebook and pen that he keeps in the pockets of his coat, and scribbles quickly a list of things she can eat.
He laughs. 'Actually I have. Come here, let's see some.'
It's quite odd and John can't make head or tails of this one, even to write it up. Sherlock is delighted to have something weird to fixate on, and John indulges him. They come back home with chinese takeaway, and sit side by side at the kitchen table, knees touching, and John listens very intently to Sherlock's explanation on the thermodynamics involved in the melting process of different metals.
Not betaed, not brit-picked, not first language, any mistakes please point them out!
'Hm. You're right. Maybe if...'
'Unfortunately no. He will remain enclosed to be instructed about his next steps.' he stands up. 'And I have to cut short this visit. Important matters to handle, surely you understand. I'll see myself out, thank you.'
But the detective seems unfazed. 'Honestly, John, do you believe I haven't considered all this? I planned your wedding from the bridesmaids' dresses to the folding napkins.'
'Great. Lestrade is coming soon to pick her up, I'll prepare her bag. I can't leave him alone for long, so tell him I'll explain everything when he comes to drop her at night.'
Sherlock nods, trying to keep his face blank while his mind races.
'Sorry.' he looks up at John, taking in his expression. 'Sorry. I'm not going to show the other ones.'
‘You don’t have to obey your thoughts. You know you feel threatened by Sherlock’s friend but you also know the threat is not real. While you can allow yourself to feel jealous you don’t have to confront him because of them.’
John had tried to warn him, all while thinking please,
long, but I'm pretty sure you've never been an early sleeper like this before.'
'Marvelous.' he replies between gritted teeth. 'How did you wean?'
'You took your time in the room.'
He watches the phone screen without really seeing it. In his head there's only Sherlock's voice saying
He doesn't have work in the morning so he leaves for a jog. It's raining faintly, but he minds the slippery pavement and keeps running. After twenty minutes he does a pause, checks his phone. Nothing. He gives five minutes of slow walking and starts over. The second cycle ends near the bridge, and he inspects the mobile again. Still no texts. Five minutes and more running. After the third cycle his eye catches a newsstand, where he scrutinizes all the headlines. Nothing on Aadhya or Moriarty.
Greg replies, suspicious. Policeman after all.
(See the end of the chapter for
It takes four hours for the panic to start. Since the effect is not coming down, John fears the damage is permanent. How can anyone
They had agreed to have dinner out with Rosie near Marylebone. Sherlock obviously wasn't invited. So John leaves work and spends the rest of the afternoon at Baker Street, killing time before 7pm. Rosie is very happy to see "dada" again, and gives him a book about a family of rabbits so he can read aloud to her.
'Ah, yes, that. My people will look into it. Of course, if she knew, the information must be somewhere accessible. While I work into that, I suggest you three go to a safe location of my own recommendation.'
'John, put that phone down for god's sake, he is going to call if he needs you.' she says without looking up from the tablet.
'Sure we are.'
When his shift ends, he marches to the reception, because he's no Sherlock Holmes but there's clearly a connection somewhere. He stops dead when he sees Mary and Diana talking. Diana is holding Mary's hands between hers and is the one speaking as usual, while Mary nods and smiles weakly. They both glare at him when he approaches.
'Look,' Sherlock sighs. 'If you want to live somewhere else I'll help you anyway. It's a small flat and I'm a difficult person to live with. But it's no trouble, really.' he's not looking at John as he speaks, who can't not gape at this wonderful human being wriggling his toes at his stomach.
'Give me a minute.' is her only reply as she goes back to the office.
John grins, chest full of love for this charming madman. 'Any chance we can have some fun before 10pm?'
'Stop!'
When Mary left the second time, he accepted that this was
'Hey mate, how are you doing? Sorry I couldn't come before, I needed to wrap up the bombings case.'
John isn't much thrilled to come back to Mary's house, as he started to call it, but Rosie was there. She started to smile when he arrived, wobbly arms supporting the raising head that turned to the sound of him entering the nursery.
John throws himself at him barely a second after recognising Sherlock. He holds John tightly and brings him to the cab. The driver eyes them skeptically. 'Do you want me to take you to a hospital, mate?'
Even more weirdly than he's aware he is being, it's Sherlock's compliance to all the requests. His behaviour is a bit cathartic, like he feels something is wrong. They talked about what Sherlock remembered, the last thing being pulling the trigger of John's gun. But he doesn't ask for many details after that. John is not about to look a gift horse in the mouth.
'I wouldn't have sex with Irene or Janine or Molly or whatever because
'I believe I owe you apologies for my recent behaviour towards you.' he says in a barely hidden constricted voice.'
'Did you tell him that? Because for such a smart man like his highness, he needs things like this spelled out.'
Sherlock looks to the right and back at him. 'Fine. Are you ok?'
He feels numb as he does as she says. She is the one piloting. They arrive at the Holmes' cottage, but there's only a black car waiting outside. Robin lands and tells him to get out of the helicopter and into the car. The driver comes out of it to open the back door for him. As he enters the car, a floral fragrance invades his nostrils, making him nauseated. Anna sits in the middle, and appears to be worried.
He also has made a surprise appointment for the three of them this afternoon, regarding their sticky situation with Mary. He is anxious to tell John.
'John?'
He goes back and kneels between Sherlock's legs, taking his hands between his own, and also kissing them. 'You are not alone.' he says while pressing Sherlock's hands to his mouth. 'We are fixing this. Nothing bad will happen to you. This is
'-ecret groceries, you hide your laundry, I hear
John keeps his territorial stand in the middle of the living room, armed with the violin case, until he can hear nothing but his own heartbeat. The only one in 221B at the moment.
John interrupts him by taking his hand, and walks backwards until he reaches his chair, pulling the detective with him. He sits and Sherlock comes down right in his lap, ironically or not in the same position he watched Janine take months ago. Sherlock’s eyes are wide as saucers and he has stopped talking.
They both gawk at her in reticence. John peers quickly at him, who seems very pale. He opens his mouth to speak but closes it since nothing comes out. Silence stretches. John decides to take some action.
'I still don't understand, could you be a little more specific?' he demands between gritted teeth.
'I don't have a love life, much less wild affairs.' he replies between gritted teeth. John aggressively drinks wine.
'Well, it's just that I went to check the thermostat upstairs and noticed a lot of fur around your door. You two are not getting animals up there, are you?'
He hears a car coming down the road, and a second one, but just because he's paying attention. The shadow of an owl passes quickly by the window, looking like a ghost. He looks back at Brent, who is fuming but evidently doesn't know what to do next.
'Shut up!' he replies. 'Why were you harassing the nurses?'
His heart is hammering violently against his chest. A slight tremor starts creeping up his hand, which he closes in a fist. 'I'm not encouraging whatever you think there is. He saved this, do you remember? He sacrificed himself for us.'
Which makes everything less complicated. He'd been lying to himself for a long time, judgement clouded by the decisions he took while in grief. Now that the truth hit him in the face, he could properly entertain the insecurities he had.
'The interval is over. Why don't you invite me for drinks, ahn?' she winked at him, getting up and pulling him with her. 'I love talking to you' she smiled at him.
'Dooown.' Rosie whines, pushing herself from Sherlock's chest as far as she can.
Mycroft turns to him to answer but he closes his mouth abruptly. For once in his life, John can say that the older Holmes brother looks completely shocked. And not for good. His jaw is locked tight and his mouth makes a thin and tense line. He looks back and forth from John and Sherlock once, as if searching a confirmation for whatever he saw.
‘He. He will. It’s, ah, it’s Sherlock.’ he tries not to show he has to force his eyes to stay fixed on Ella. She keeps smiling knowingly. ‘You don’t look surprised.’
Sherlock turns to him abruptly, finally realizing he was there. His face incorporates a strong shade of crimson and John wants kiss him
'As a child perhaps. I was
And she was on top of her business, no modesty applied.
* title is obviously based on the song Making love (out of nothing at all), from Air Supply. Very good song.
She hadn't been happy at all about Rosie staying with Sherlock. In fact, they would have kept arguing about it on the way back home, if their relationship wasn't all based on avoiding significant conversations since the beginning. But he knows her enough to identify the locked jaw and neutral face as signs of being pissed off.
She snorts wetly. 'Did you, really?'
In an hour or so, it's dark enough he has to turn on his new phone torch. He props it on the black stone, pointing it towards the space at the front. Now it's the hard part. He attaches the stick to the pickaxe head, and propels it against the umid soil. He makes several holes, which takes him almost 20 minutes to do it properly. The soil is not sticking to the tool, which means he probably used the right amount of water.
been here this entire
"John is finally making some arrangements when a shocking fact is revealed."
'I can't do this. I'm horrible at lying. She will know and she will retaliate, this is a terrible idea.'
He's counting on it.
Sherlock just visibly rolls his eyes at him. He set up lots of newspapers so Rosie can play with ink, so John doesn't bother changing her stained clothes after lunch. He sits down on his chair to watch them both play with painting. Rosie has yellow ink on one hand and orange on the other, and she shows herself quite adept in the painting with hands business. Sherlock explains to her the colour spectrum, and how some of the categorised colours don't actually exist. Rosie high fives him in the face with the orange hand for his trouble.
John nods but doesn't add anything else. He doesn't want to have this conversation in Mycroft's car with a stranger listening. He's coming back to 221B because he can't deal with his house right now.
Sherlock takes a deep breath. 'Do you want to move in with Rosie?'.
'Good technique, blocking my phone and smelling my clothes! Didn't you see that would only make withdraw from you?'
The bell to 221B rings, instead of the office's. Sherlock immediately runs to the window, which is quite artful, considering the sheet. He peeks out on the street and just says 'Mycroft.' under his breath, but doesn't make a move to change. John just rolls his eyes and goes downstairs to open the door.
'That must have been very entertaining. Well, unfortunately I gotta go, but Mary, lovely?' she calls out, purse in hand. 'Let's keep talking now I'm in England again. Bye-bye! And you too, John!'
But he never went with her. She never mentioned going again. He also didn’t recommend, even if he should have.
'By the way, this doesn't change the fact that I
There will be another chapter and an epilogue :)
'You'd be surprised.' Sherlock murmurs.
She goes to another woman using a speedbag, looking more experienced than a beginner. John checks her out while she's at it. She has small breasts but large hips. She cuts her hair neck short and has a cute nose. In other circumstances he would ask her out.
species), a single bullet, among many other things.
Mary seems thoughtful for a moment. 'Oh, sorry, I forgot to close the door of her bedroom. Still haven't processed she is crawling already'
The thing about the little closet under the stairs, full of dust because they use it as storage for things they barely remember they own, is that it doesn't lock. He and Mary had had a full discussion about it when they first moved, because some
But as nothing ever came easily in John's life, one little issue still stands between them.
It seems this promise I'll keep (finishing before series 4).
visit before being emptied.'
'Till tonight!'
He goes downstairs to the kitchen. He looks over the room for a moment and it's already turning to leave, when something calls his attention. He walks to the counter, where a phone, Mary's, lies over a piece of paper.
'That's actually a great idea. I think I have a box with old material in the room upstairs.'
'Where is she?'
‘What do you mean?’ he asks confused.
-- * --
'Well, it's never that simple with her, is it?'
Obviously he tried to cut short by overdosing in the plane. There was no way he could stand a rewind of his time in Serbia. It had been embarrassingly long before he realised the difference between dream and reality, but who could blame him? High as a kite, flying to his death, and suddenly John appears by his side telling him he was coming back? How to measure the likelihood of that?
See you!
'Like what?' he retorts already a bit annoyed.
'Have you considered getting a divorce?'
He looks up. A well-dressed woman is standing in the doorway, clutching a folder tight against her chest. He glances subtly at his watch, it's 7pm already.
Not betaed, not brit-picked, not first language.
He beams at Sherlock. 'When do the renovations start?'.
'Hi, if you're a client, Sherlock is not home right now. Perhaps send him an email-'
Finding him in the bathroom was so shocking he had eventually settled down on the floor, as a result of his knees failing him. It's jarring that Sherlock had reached a point he felt the need to hurt himself. It breaks his heart. What if he hadn't noticed in time? Would it escalate? It's absolutely scary and he doesn't want to think about that, but he does need to do something about it.
'Shush you, young man and give me this baby.'
- John is human
He unfastens the lock and looks right inside it.
, he had forgotten about that. She had seen Sherlock naked! Fully starkers, and all wet! Not even John had that privilege yet, only some parts of him. At Buckingham Palace he
Pondering these questions reinforce the impression he has that Anna would run away with his daughter. He didn't intervene when he was living with Sherlock and she also left him out. It seems she was neglecting the preparations, but she could be preparing somewhere else. He needs to talk to Sherlock about the next steps of their plan.
Sherlock is trying very hard not to wince, but John can see it. They sit there forever, waiting, until a doctor comes with a chart in her hand. ‘Mr. Watson?’
Everything they needed from the house at Fulham had been taken a year prior, when they moved to 221B and Mary was once again nowhere to be found. That left the place with furniture and all her personal belongings left behind. John doesn't want to go there if it can be avoided, so his lawyer handles all the necessary arrangements. Everything inside is given to donation, eventually, or landed in the trash, if it was unusable or too personal. Since it's past Christmas already, donations do tend to slow down, so he supposes it will be welcomed.
He goes to a close gym that offers boxing classes and register himself as a beginner after they do a physical test. He's not on his best weight anymore, but it's not that bad. The idea coming from Sherlock honestly surprised him, but he was right: punching something was the best way to avoid punching someone these last days.
But his
Rosie sat up straight, and John knew there were stars in her eyes that made “no” seem like the hardest word to say in the world. “Does this mean I won’t have to take tests when I’m older? I don’t like tests. What are they for? I remember things now, and then what?”
“Well? What’s her name?”
And each for John.
in my skull.”
he was. His dreams were tainted, his skin painted a richer hue thanks to that sweltering sun that had seemed like a dying star, most days.
“You, Sherlock, are what I can use to pull myself up out of treacherous waters. You make me at home in my own skin.” John saw his hand absentmindedly pet the short hairs at the side of Sherlock’s head—saw him lean into the caress like a sleep-heavy feline. “You gave me my body back. Made me feel real. I guess what I’m saying is that—is that if I keep you right, then that’s only because you were able to help me stand, first.”
you pretty much had an affair before I left. You think I wouldn't notice? Now you want to extend the mistress status to Sherlock fucking Holmes, but be aware that
To his surprise John snorts. 'The worst thing is that sometimes I forget she's an assassin. It's the whole...' he sighs, now looking back at Sherlock. 'The whole thing. Sometimes her behaviour exasperated and- and frustrated the hell of me, but once I saw what it really was I didn't know how I could stand her at all.'
when he stopped whatever he was doing to send a message. Not that she told him that, but he had been in Afghanistan and he recognized a murder look when he saw one.
Warning this is a chapter basically about kissing regrets I don't have any.
I haven't been to tumblr much these past weeks, but you can talk to me over there, I'm thanks-mike-stamford.
'No Mrs. H., I'm really sorry you had to go through this. I'll clean myself, don't worry.' John interrupts.
'And thank you for saving my life.' Sherlock comments nonchalantly, which makes her smile.
'I better be.' Sherlock giggles as John jumps on him. They move to the sofa to snog enthusiastically. John's bubble of happiness is safe until late afternoon, when Sherlock's mobile chimes with David's text.
John pauses to consider this. ‘It’s not that. I’m hoping that she cares enough to do what’s best for our daughter. I know it sounds harsh, but if it’s not on this condition, Anna will go to jail, certainly for life. She won’t be able to raise the child. Do you think it’s fair, for a kid, having to live with her mother in jail?’
The conversation about everything that truly happened had been a success in John's opinion, considering the whole impossible aspect of it. Sherlock had never seen a tabby cat, but he heard some tales about them. John had mentioned the cadet in Afghanistan, Harry, and even Mrs. Hudson, who apparently has some stories of her own to share.
'He's not trouble, stop this!' he says angrily. 'You are the one making everything impossible!'
It doesn't sound very loud to his own ears, nevermind outside. His neck is very stiff, and the pain now irradiates from the wound to his leg.
'All this...' John brandishes his hands around. 'Spectacle with Janine!'
Sherlock cleans his throat. 'While I do enjoy dealing with meliants, and hate bureaucracy at the same amount, Rosie is priority.'
! Who could say their lives are as hilarious as John's? John reheats some soup while Sherlock spends a long time in the bathroom washing away the make-up.
'Do you need anything at all?'
Sherlock ogles him, confused. 'Grateful for what?'
‘Then why were you dancing with her?’ John murmured, not planning on releasing him too soon. Sherlock didn’t complain, though.
But Sherlock just smiles very mischievously. 'Exactly. You have serious problems in lying, so I thought it would be better if you are ambiguous in your discourse. You never say the proper words, true, but the idea is heavily implied, even if it means the opposite of what she is wanting to hear. Read the catch-phrase'
'Ok. Can we start?'
not betaed, not brit-picked, not first language.
for you and your kind, Mycroft. We both know you were making a bigger effort leaving her free to wander around.'
Sherlock's eyes above his fingers evoke the question mark face.
He didn't expect wanting to get out of there all the time. Or punching someone. Anyone really. That's the reason he was unnecessarily rough on Wiggins.
'Dr. Watson.' Mycroft's voice reverberates through the car. The turns down the volume a bit with a wince. 'To what do I owe you the pleasure?'
'Ok, ok, tell me where you are, I'll come and get you.' he runs upstairs to get his coat. Mrs. Hudson has the tv on, Rosie seems transfixed on a singing animals cartoon. 'Do you know where you are?'
'Why you never told me that?' John asks almost whispering. Sherlock looks at him appalled.
A toddler room is the safest in the house right now exactly because it's completely child proof. He's not sure what kind of psychedelic hallucinations John is having right now, but he gets bad enough with his own memories from war, nevermind on a drugged bad trip. He could be dangerous to Rosie, and to himself for the long ride that is LSD, if he diagnosed correctly.
'I'll just put on another song.'
They discuss all the details pertaining to child abandonment law in the UK and how to prove it. John not only has the GPS records from Mary's journey to Morocco, but also from her newly acquired phone. Granted, it's still a day too early to say she vanished once again, but they'll provide the data soon.
'Dr. Lavalle.' he mumbles into the blue scarf.
'Well, he did go to our wedding. If I cared he wouldn't have been invited. He's a nice guy.' he puts away his coat, noticing she's a bit sweaty at her brow.
'Mrs. Turner now has a phone too.' she tells him over
Those things are still complicated and can take months or even years, so he doesn't tell Sherlock about it yet. He has to keep himself in check, because everytime he thinks about it, his belly contracts in itself and he's afraid Sherlock will notice.
John raises his eyebrows to him. ‘Go on.’
Talk to me on tumblr: thanks-mike-stamford
He turns from the melting ceiling to Sherlock, who looks back at him. 'I don't understand. Why is she so explicit now? With all the money income, and badmouthing me and drugging me? What's that supposed to accomplish?'
'You can take the car whenever you need.' she had said as they arrived at the house. 'All the documents are in the glove compartment.'
'Oh god, definitely no! When I remember his lack of tact at that restaurant, oof!' she spasms as if revolted. 'Lucky for him he doesn't seem interested in romantic things. He's probably asexual too. Have you ever seen- ouch John!'
John parks his bike outside, where he still can see the burning stains on the ground. The house is completely dark. He enters carefully, dropping his keys in the bowl at the side table and flicking the lights on. There's nothing amiss in the living room, so he goes upstairs to their bedroom. The travel suitcases they keep in the wardrobe are untouched. Mary's coat is missing, but mostly all her things are still here.
is barotrauma. In the civilian world, it's more common in turbine related accidents, scuba diving, and altitude hiking, and most of the time it doesn't really lead to death. It happens due to a difference of pressure inside the body, by gas or fluid. Most people actually know the phenomenon, as they feel their eardrums acting up during a flight. The trick is to swallow anything, even saliva, and the pressure evens.
About two months ago she went to a hair salon to cut her hair to neck length and braid then in cornrows. A day later an envelope with a lock from her hair appeared at her kitchen counter, accompanied by a note saying he preferred them long, so he would keep the rest of the locks. She freaked out, and tried a second incident report, and once again nothing came out of it. Certain she was being followed and afraid for her life, she checked into a hotel and asked for Sherlock's help.
They shake hands, although Eszter seems a bit uptight. 'I'm sorry to meet you in these circumstances.' he says. She just frowns at him.
I'll stop promising dates. But I hope next chapter is up soon. Talk to me on tumblr! username thanks-mike-stamford.
The second instance had been with his sister, Harry. She played high stakes. Never did anything by halves in her life, so if she was to gamble with a creature of questionable existence, it needed to be something big. She had asked "Let her fall in love with me." Clara had been all over her, it was the romance of the century. Friends ecstatic, huge wedding ceremony, pouring money over a lifestyle that included fancy clothes, flat in a great neighbourhood in London, parties every weekend, exchange of expensive gifts such as engraved phones of the latest model.
It's like the world is underwater.
I'm not using tumblr much because every time I open it there is some setlock I don't want to see, but you can talk to me, I will answer! username thanks-mike-stamford.
'I told you many times. Since the first day. I just didn't spell out the word. I suspected you were denying the clues, but it never crossed my mind you really
They follow his steps to the living room, where without glancing away from them, he opens the closet under the stairs. 'Mr. Watson, enter here if you may. I have a discussion to do with Holmes.' he says mockingly. John looks at Sherlock who minimally shakes his head. John holds a sigh and enters the closet, the door shutting brusquely at his back.
Sherlock undoes the block and adds his number again to the agenda and speed dial. 'Anna?'
At the reception… ok, too much. He didn't want to think about the reception, or the dangerous things that crossed his mind that night.
He puts his hands on his waist, trying to level them. 'I was being followed.'
'I don't know.'
At the small coffee break room there is at least a kettle he can use and a box of decent tea that the doctors all bought together. During his ten-minutes break he is inhaling a cuppa when he sees through the open door Diana and Pablo, the nurse that assists him, talking at the corridor. She is gesticulating hard while saying something inaudible. Pablo is being attentive, and his jaw is visibly locked tight.
Everyone could recognise that voice in a distance.
'You are not taking care of me because you worry, it's because you think I'm incapable of doing things on my own!' John is sure Sherlock is on the verge of shouting.
'I have good news, if it comforts you.' he gives his phone back. 'I just came from Mycroft's office. We have enough evidence on Aadhya's activities on arms trafficking to take her to court.'
'Ready for what?' he spits back.
'What?' John also stands, tries to hear her over Rosie's wailing. 'What happened?'
He opens the device settings, definitely not something John does often because he wouldn't know what to do with all those functions. Sherlock finds a command called "Blocked Numbers", and there it is, Sherlock's phone number.
'Wouldn't dream of it.' he replies.
'Sherlock?' he tries. 'Hey, Sherlock!'
'Yes, but still working. Talking to people in the same situation, hearing about problems from unusual channels, solving those problems and receiving back favours. My work was becoming solid, cocaine could mask the hunger. Mycroft found me six months later by chance, agreed to pay rent for a little while if I kicked out the drugs and came back working for him. I rejected the job. Freelance is what truly works for me. Trying to let go cocaine was a bit harder, but I met Lestrade at the time, in a crime scene. Saw the potential of giving consultations applying all my knowledge. The only issue was that he refused to even talk to me if I was high. So I went to rehab once more, and after that back to London to work fully as you know. Getting more and more clients, and finally a career reputation.'
It actually reminded her of the CIA times, but with the perks of freelance.
The flat in Canary Wharf has an adequate position in the luxury category, Sherlock can't deny. Prime location, large space to fill, the view to the Thames is the cherry on top. Neighbourhood is certainly composed of an uppity crowd familiar to whoever is owner of the property. As it sits completely empty, devoid of even furniture for months since it was acquired, he supposes nobody in the tall building would bat an eyelash when the news of it being used for money laundering are divulged.
'Skyler sounds nice.' he agrees with her.
He looks at John's face. There's saliva pooling at the corner of his mouth, and the normally deep blue of his eyes are not visible, pushed back by the enlarged pupils. Sherlock sighs. 'No, go back to Baker Street.'
Some characteristic splash sounds are heard one after the other, and then she relaxes, starts swinging her feet. They look at each other grinning and high five.
After making her instructions clear Anna fondles him and it starts to work. She moans softly in his mouth. She turns around to present her back to John, which is a better position with her belly. He grips her waist and lower her trousers. They move a bit. John stops to take himself in hand, and tries again, to no avail. Anna turns again to attempt herself, but John soon gives up and lies back on the bad. Anna sits up.
The limp was a short-lived matter, in retrospect, but it was difficult to forget how betrayed he felt by the world for which he’d given nearly everything. So much time abroad, to the point where John had to force himself to remember whether it had been years or months or decades, and all he had to show for it was in how
It was John and how he came alive under that perfect attention.
John loved it.
Rosie reached up and gripped onto Sherlock’s fingers, and—
“You told me that I kept you right, once.”
Nightfall, at one point, had meant his body would go on autopilot; mobility meant sacrificing one or all of his limbs to bring his daughter with him; sleep meant—well. Sleep did not exist. John was still relearning sleep, now that Rosie was starting on a regular sleep schedule. But that was okay, because she was his daughter, and he loved her as a planet loved its brightest star.
John was a man of dignity, even if he was of the variety who went weak in the knees for dark-haired, light-eyed geniuses who looked at him like he was the answer to an unasked question. He smiled terribly wide despite his efforts to stifle it, looking at the mostly closed window at the black-blue-gold streets of London under twilight.
And when they did kiss, it was soft and sky-brightening and invigorating, leaving invisible nicks in their lips as they brushed along the other’s jagged edges that had not yet eroded with time. That was okay, because they were not strangers to pain, and they were not oblivious to how the world spun on that searing, inescapable hurt. But they could, in their own little rebellion, press hands against chests that housed invisible shrapnel, slip them under shirts and coats where both marred and unblemished skin resided, using every bit of desperation from years of
, she was small, wasn’t she? It was hard to remember that when she was bounding through the flat with a smile that made the sun look like it was flickering out, but she was; she was small.
Sherlock in a lump.
’s and
John did his best to not curse around his five-year-old daughter. Most of the time, he succeeded.
She was a child, and she’d been born to two broken people who hadn’t quite learned to fit together in time. And what did that mean,
Oh that—
are you doing?” John held up the hand that was not busy holding Rosie to his hip; she’d tripped up the stairs the other day, so for now, he would carry her. “No. No, don’t answer that.”
“Is . . . Is that okay? If I call you that?”
Sherlock looked up at John’s silence. Whatever he saw made him follow up with, “Perhaps not a bullet then.”
Only a select few learn that life is cruel.
“Every beat is for you and your father. You know that, no?”
John wasn’t—
In and of itself, it is not a hard lesson to learn; as an infant, incapable of verbal communication, you cry; as a child, you stumble and scrape your knee, and you cry; as a teenager, you hurt for all you think is misunderstood about your truest self, and you cry. For this, life is not sorry, for life is not kind.
’s as fuel. In his mind’s eye, he could see Sherlock under the low lights of 221B’s kitchen shining down on them like their own recreation of the moon, the dips of his cheeks like pieces of the Earth that a deity of the sky had wanted to keep for themselves.
Sherlock peered at him over the black crescents of his microscope. With a sort of raspberry of breath, he let his head roll once before positioning it back before the eyepiece. “I will let Lestrade know this his . . . efforts were . . .” Sherlock’s lips curled in a grimace. “
John had said something about only one f-word being allowed in the house, and that it was “fun, in case you get any ideas in that gorgeous head of yours.” Sherlock had laughed, and it had been glorious.
Regardless, his body had been tricked by his cunning little mind into damaging itself. It was not enough that his memories were ones of bloodshed and gasping breath, but his leg was now unable to bear the full brunt of his weighted thoughts.
“Are you going to focus on the semantics or are you going to kiss me?”
He didn’t know what it would mean to want safety. Gun powder and coppery blood sat so much more beautifully on his tongue.
. Every flare of pain in his trachea, every cramp in his diaphragm, was a reminder of what had once threatened to kill him, that never-ending action of his old life weighted heavily on his soul—and that his past could turn into something different, with Sherlock.
“You thought I died.”
“Rosie,” John called as they came into the room, “what’s wrong?”
be hurting. You, to me, are equally open and unknowable.”
“Rosie, can you feel that?”
John stared into Rosie’s face, bumping his nose against hers. “Right here, rose bud.”
He was a romantic, yes, but a romantic with dignity. Perhaps years down the road, he would write that down and give it to Sherlock on a stationary printed with the pattern of their wallpaper.
, were beautiful and precious and real in every sense of the word. Sometimes it was hard to remember what a real smile felt like when the fake ones brought about much less questions about his wellbeing. “Did she give you a rose?”
With each erratic beat of his heart, John was able to reach a new corner of his own body, for it felt as if he could only exist within the blood trapped in his veins; each surge in his gut screamed out in triumph, finally being able to work his circuitry without an assailing thought in his mind. His story could make a child weep, but that did not change the heart of it: only under the threat of death was John truly able to draw breath.
Life is not kind.
'From my experience it doesn't seem he was wrong!' John retorts and immediately regrets it. Lucidity is finally rising and his pulse is fast.
She releases his hand, takes a step back. 'Keep your voice down.' she says, not talking afflicted anymore. 'I understand you're going through a lot-'
'Listen… I know we don't talk about things like this. Ever. But-- but I need to be sure-' he inhales deeply, counting to five. 'When I came back to London I was… in a bad place. I'm sure you noticed but you left that out. Purposefully. On your first deductions. I was grateful because after it passed I was very ashamed of it.'
He had started at the sudden change of topic. 'Daughter?'
'I wish I had a second.' he sighs.
'Settled then.'
'Well, since you came back you did a lot of things you didn't want to just because of me. What did you want me to think? I know you… care about me, ok?'
'Hmm.' he entangles his long legs with John's. 'Let me try again. I told you that you and I are finally friends now.'
'Sorry.' he steps away from her, avoiding eye contact. 'Tired. I just remembered something in my email-' he leaves the room quickly before he starts yelling.
'So are you staying?'
'You really couldn't. Delusion, remember?' he looks right at her defiant eyes for the first time. 'Everything that happened in the last months, it was all you.'
He had misjudged the difficulty of the task, but he could see he would improve if he kept organizing the room, as Sherlock did. Thus, without telling his mentor, he started a parallel project, at a much slower pace.
Sherlock crosses his arms over his chest, and his left hand is now close enough for him to reach and capture John's hand from over his waist. 'You can do that too. If you are unhappy with the current way of managing your life, change it. It's always hard in the beginning, but you recover. And you have a support system I didn't. We are not going homeless if you stop trying to fit in a surgery.'
John smiles sadly. 'No.'
'No. Special services. They are sending Sherlock to a classified mission in a critical country.'
It takes some time but he starts to breath properly. His heart is still accelerated and his chest hurts like he was punched. He unconsciously turns off the shower, dries himself and gets dressed. He leaves the bathroom still floating in a cloud of uncertainty, so he doesn't spot the signs that Sherlock is still distracted and presumably stressed, but trying to conceal it of the world.
- John is a good doctor
'You don't
'Hardly magical.'
HHEHUEHHEHUEHUEHE *goes hiding in my internetless flat*
He goes back upstairs just before dawn, carrying a bottle of water and canned mackerel, which at least is not expired. He intends to keep his moping routine. Around mid-morning Mrs. Hudson knocks again on his door and he doesn't answer this time, pretending to be asleep.
?' John stares from one brother to another, incredulous. 'You hate authorities.'
'We can start to discuss now, if you want' he says. John blinks at the notepad, trying not to think about Mycroft's words.
'Dunno.' he dismisses it, not wanting to say
Her tone is apparently innocent but he knows better. 'Well, the video was a terrible joke from petty hackers. The man is dead, definitely. Sherlock said Mycroft is working on getting them on jail, and Sherlock has permission to investigate in London. Soon he will be exonerated, which is just a formality now.'
John laughs without joy. 'Must be a topic she has extensive knowledge. She's even bringing you gifts to compensate her absence.'
John closes his eyes for a moment and then regards Sherlock, back from the hospital but still on breathing therapy, reclined at the sofa while John practised. He starts again.
Or at least is what he says to himself, to not think about how he was the one who said
'Or the privilege of putting them there. Obviously she won't expect you to mean that while saying at her face. And she'll be softened after you say you didn't read the USB drive'
'All right, I got it. But John, only one option remains and it's the hardest way.'
No wonder it was very easy for her to just shoot Sherlock that way - she's probably been waiting years for the opportunity.
She shot an old woman just because she described his voice. It wasn't the first time she assassinated someone that age but usually they have good reasons to do it. The lady was blind for god's sake.
'Ah. There is a local matter that needs to be attended.' he removes the document from the file, which is returned to the drawer. 'I'll try to intercede for it. Call my assistant on the way out, I'll sort an appointment for tomorrow morning.'
'You looked very content and I wanted to participate. It's our song after all. You danced quite well at the wedding.' she answers seeming to be enjoying herself very much, while he catches a grimace just in time.
He has a lot to think about and he has the space. At the same time he doesn't want to think about anything.
'You're the only one who thinks that.' Sherlock replies shyly, putting away a spreadsheet.
Why would John bring up Janine
allow myself to feel something that I know is wrong?’
Next update 25/02! See ya!
Not that she ever existed anyway.
And then all the fights, all the stress, all the nights badly slept thanks to neurosis of his phone being hacked into, the terrible bully dinner. Sherlock stupidly purposefully overdosing, Sherlock stepping inside a plane to never come back, Sherlock teaching him how to act in front of a murderer liar, Sherlock getting threatened and
Originally, the project of the first floor previewed a big room for John with a smaller adjacent room for Rosie, connected by a door. John had suggested the adjacent room became the bathroom and the room would be only Rosie's.
Dr. Coleman had already moved on to other duties of her shift, and Anna is being watched by the nurses responsible for the wing. He talk to them at the main desk and finds out she had already been moved to a single room (of course, Mycroft and his posh private facilities). When he enters the room she's alone, watching television in low volume.
'To perpetuate the myth.' Sherlock says with a shrug. 'To announce someone got the crown. She needs contacts. That explains her visit to Anna.'
. 'I wouldn't want to cook everyday, but once in a while it's good to save some money and sodium intake.' he adds, not wanting to say "I know you like this kind of food and I'm more than willing to cater to you right now." because what does this even mean?
They lock George's wrists and ankles, and drag him together to the living room, positioning him to face the bare wall. They go back to the balcony to wait for the personnel to arrive, watching the incredible view side by side.
While it's true Mrs. Hudson is having a good time, Rosie doesn't seem very impressed by flowers. Both her and Sherlock mope a bit. Ten minutes in, the kid tires of walking on her own and asks to be carried, stopping right in front of him with her arms raised. Sherlock complies, but takes a note in the back of his mind that she will soon be too heavy to keep this habit up. They sulkily follow behind Mrs. Hudson, barely taking a look at the stalls.
The next night Shannon explains how he uses a sandbag. Basically he needs to treat it like an opponent, and delivers attacks as he would in a real person. He goes over the few techniques he knows, trying to remember his lessons.
'What do I do when 221 is finished?' he asks suddenly, before he overthinks and gets too afraid to open his mouth.
Sorry John jdsngsnfnsk not sorry for any pun, tho!
'Hello.' Sherlock murmurs after they draw back a bit. John beams stupidly at him.
Remembering those events obviously bring Sherlock to his mind and a foolish smile to his lips, that he tries to drop. He
He descends the stairs two steps at time, not stopping to put on his coat. It doesn't seem like John has tried to follow him, which stings a bit but he knows he wouldn't filter whatever would come out of his mouth, so it's probably better this way. He had been depressed before, but it wasn't anything like it, he is so angry and so humiliated he wants to disappear.
His trainer was a short brunette called Shannon. She instructs him to do a warming-up and then teaches basic positions for hands, feet and knees. At the end of his hour she makes him shadow fight in front of a mirror.
She's not smiling anymore. She tilts her head, exactly like Moriarty used to, which unnerves Sherlock. Moriarty was a spider, but Mary Morstan had been a snake wearing fox skin. The layers were complex for Sherlock to fully understand, considering his limitations in social norms and people's comportment. There was something wrong…
'You don't have to answer with you don't want to.'
‘Her present. She’s still committing crimes. Attempted murder, David, and she was already pregnant at the time! If you don’t mind that, well luck you, but I don’t accept this. I won’t tell my daughter her mother is a murderer and I won’t make her visit her in prison. I also can’t ignore what Anna is doing. This is the best solution. Everyone is winning. You can go away with her and build another life for you two.’ he leaves it out how improbable it is that she will do that with David.
John frowns at the headline, trying to find the details. 'Couldn't Sherlock help? Or was he too debilitated? Where is he staying by the way?'
He tries moving. His wrists are bound to his back and his ankles are tied together. Marvelous. He escaped from dying in Afghanistan, comes back to London looking on the bright side that at least he will be able to shag a woman again, does not manage a shag before he suffers attempted murder once again.
Sherlock mumbles about Florida and Mr. Hudson's drug cartel. John feels the vibration of his voice through his chest. Sherlock's hand tangles on John's shorter hair. He starts to drift off and thus mix things. John somewhat understood parts of the Montague Street phase, which was apparently horrible, but after that he cuts himself more and more until he finally stays silent. John glimpses at him: sleeping soundly.
Sherlock snorts and wraps the towel around his back, despite it being very humid and probably uncomfortable.
-- * --
He throws the bag at the backseat. 'Have a new source of income, you?' he asks, trying not to shout. Inside a car she can hear him perfectly well.
-- * --
'Next time you could work with me on that narcotics idea.' he tries once again to convince Sherlock to co-author with him as they ascend the stairs to their living room. 'A chemist input would be pretty valuable.'
'Nope, don't bring this to me. We are not killing anyone like that.'
Greg blinks at him. John takes a sip from the beer. The DI laughs aloud and play punches his shoulder. 'I can't believe it! Bloody
Thing is, as professional as she was, she still needs to use the toilet eventually. So she informs Fairbrother where she is going, and he immediately pockets his phone, to pay full attention to his surroundings, seeing that now it would be only one pair of eyes.
‘Do you want to talk about this?’ Ella breaks his line of thought.
'EH!' she replies, and then eats more puree.
He blinks, looking at her again. 'I'm sorry, what?'
He benefits from his position with his back to her to roll his eyes.
At lunchtime he gets the tube to Baker Street. Nothing in the morning could have diminished his good humour. Even when a boy bumped on him and didn't excuse himself he just let it pass, albeit usually he would be pissed. He stops at Speedy's and buys two sandwiches for him and Sherlock, and while waiting for them he puts his phone on silent. No crazy wives this afternoon, he just wants to relax.
'Why did you keep doing it? Why fake it till the end?' he asks miserably. 'Were you going to…?' he trails off.
'You were not surprised about Sholto. Him being a man and all.' he observes while exploring The Neck. Also making a note not to mention to Sherlock how he refers to his body parts in his mind.
The great comeback of an improbable adversary boosts a drastic decision for John.
be a father. It’s time to start planning, because honestly, it’s late enough.
He interrupts himself at the sound of Sherlock's phone ringing. He supposes it's rude, but he sees John's name on the screen.
'No, I'll go by the supermarket myself. Need to stretch my legs!'
As promised, a very short epilogue. Warning this is as cheesy as it gets.
They stay in silence once more, but it's not companionable this time. The air is pregnant with John's latent wanting to ask something, and Sherlock feels as if he is at the back of a cab once again, showing off to a friend-to-be stranger.. 'You have questions.' he decides for a nostalgic approach.
John looks at her in silence. Ella looks back.
I am on tumblr: thanks-mike-stamford
'Please do.' he answers. Then he builds courage out of whatever, goes up on tiptoes and kisses Sherlock's cheek. When he draws back to his feet the detective's face is painted in a violent shade of red. He looks to the pavement. 'Good-night.'
‘Oh.’ it’s more a blow than a syllable. ‘I didn’t actually want to kiss her. As I said, women are not my area. I still can’t believe you ignored all my flamboyance, honestly John…’
Rarer than the victims of life are those who turn their back on life’s cruelty.
It was time to go.
’s and
“My time in the army was good for—well. Me. You know me. You know why it wasn’t all bad. I either learned to love it or learned that I’ve always loved it.”
don’t leave me alone.”
“She did, didn’t she?”
Sherlock’s chest jumped in a short laugh. “Is that so?”
“Sherlock!”
It was absurd to think this was typical.
He was just as surprised as Sherlock to find his hand resting below the detective’s jaw, fingers spanning to the soft spot under his ear and palm resting on the neck that had captured John’s attention so.
Sherlock had long since trained himself out of the habit of looking for certain things in John’s expression; it had been a passing comment, but for their first few cases, Sherlock had said he’d been waiting for the words “freak” or “fool” or “fake” to show itself in the lines of John’s brow or the quirk of his lip.
