Sherlock cleared his throat. He angled his body towards John’s car. “Shall we? My house isn’t far, just a few metres beyond the turn there.”
“January 29. That’s the date we met, ten years ago.”
A day later, Sherlock lay in his hospital bed alone, thoughts racing. He thought the examinations, tests and questions would never end, but at the end of it all he was pronounced well on his way to a full recovery. His left arm was badly bruised and sprained, but no bones were broken. His skull and brain had been left relatively unharmed from the blow that had sent him into a brief coma. John had been a steady presence in the room for almost the entire time. Part of Sherlock wondered a bit about that, but then again, John was a medical doctor and had been right there during the attack, the first person to begin treating Sherlock’s injuries. Or so Sherlock had been told.
“Dr Watson,” the voice finally replied, timbre lowered and substantially colder.
Sherlock’s stomach rumbled. John grinned.
Sherlock closed his eyes, savouring where the music transported him without fear of censure. John stared at the virtuoso, jaw slack with shock as he listened to the greatest performance he had ever witnessed. All awareness of time and surroundings fled, each observer lost in their own little bubble of appreciation. It wasn’t just a musical experience. It was a spiritual one.
Finally Sherlock raised his head and gave John a soft smile. John’s heart beat double time. Sherlock put down the scissors and lifted up his finished product: a chain of five perfect and unique snowflakes created from one sheet of construction paper.
"Oh, Sherlock. I had to make sure you were worthy. Without a little competition, would you have really put in so much effort? I've found that most men need to be prodded a little, give them the thrill of a chase. Don't you agree?"
John giggled. “And a Happy New Year!” He waved his hand at Mary. “Go on, you first.”
so choose, and you manage once again to worm your way into his life, make sure that you’re prepared to
For the first time in years, he yearned for his big brother to tell him how to fix this.
“So sorry, mate, I didn’t see you there. Let me help -- “
“And there was
“I want to tell him I’m sorry. For everything. And that I’d like a chance to make things right, if he’ll give it to me.”
“Sherlock, please. Mr Holmes is my father. Do you have any plans firmed up yet for your future? I have some connections in the music industry - “
He had two months in which to prepare. Sherlock put his whole heart and soul into it. He put aside his discomfort, and did what had to be done. He had never been so focussed in his life, not even while he was bringing down Moriarty's network.
“Why would I mind?” he croaked, mind spinning.
Well, not like Sherlock anyway. John had always been a romantic, whether or not he was willing to admit it.
“John?”
Sherlock smiled. “Not Cluedo.”
John, however, was crawling out of his skin by mid-day. It wasn’t that he couldn’t find things to do. He owned several unread novels and unwatched DVDs. He tried his hand at some cooking. There was always cleaning and tidying to be done, bills to be paid. The thing was, all of those things bored him to tears within an hour. There was some repair work he could apply himself toward, if only he didn’t need to go shopping for supplies first. The last case he and Sherlock worked was already written up and published on his blog. He had answered every one of the several dozen comments it had garnered.
Sherlock stared at the drop of wine staining John’s upper lip. He schooled his face into indifference. “And what is that?”
Sherlock grimaced. He gave his cigarette a disgusted look before throwing it to the ground and grinding it to dust under his bespoke shoes. He found that he could not look John in the eye. This was becoming a habit.
“John! I baked 10 different kinds of cake! Baking is just chemistry, more precise than cooking. I went through Mrs Hudson’s recipes and made all of your favourites!”
Mary was far cleverer than Sherlock had given her credit for. She was really keeping him on his toes. She knew how to throw him off his game, that was for sure. Maybe she had more in common with Irene Adler than he had first thought.
“Sherlock.” John had finally got his mind back on track enough to coherently respond. He huffed out a small laugh. “Are you suggesting that whenever I start feeling a bit -- antsy, that I just - what, walk up and snog the life out of you?”
And when John requested a candle for their table, Angelo brought them two.
John’s heart sank into his stomach, where it promptly turned into a ball of ice.
proposed to
Until the most recent New Year’s Eve gala at Barts. Mike kept passing out beers to John and whiskeys to Sherlock until they were both at the premium level of intoxication. Then he steered them both under the mistletoe at the same time. When the two finally locked lips, to the raucous applause and wolf whistles of everybody there, Mike blew out a sigh of relief.
“Yes. The recital is, however, just outside of Brighton. So it’ll most likely be an overnight trip.”
When he had hacked into Mary's email account, he had been stunned to find that Mary had somehow managed to book a few hours at a shooting range in Dartmoor, just a few miles from Baskerville. (It had Mycroft's smell all over it.) The booking was for the week prior to John's actual birthday. She had also reserved a room for the night before at a small B&B nearby. Sherlock scowled. A bit of romance, mixed in with one of John's favourite hobbies. Was this event really happening, or was it one of Mary's misdirections? She knew him well enough by now to know that hacking into someone's email account was child's play for him. Would she be expecting him to do that?
“Problem?”
good doctor. You’ve recently retired  -- congratulations, by the way -- and have been considering volunteering for Doctors Without Borders, not only to keep your skills honed but to keep your mind sharp and the grief of your sister’s recent death at bay --”
Mary considered. “It probably is, for most couples. I think he’d just appreciate a quiet evening at home, for once. Unless you have some exciting adventure planned, of course.” She grinned at him.
John cleared his throat, temporarily derailing Sherlock’s thoughts.
Sherlock scoffed. “John. When have you known me to do something I’m uncomfortable with?”
Sherlock and John were most decidedly a couple, but they most decidedly did not call each other pet names. Sweetheart, darling, honey,
“Hey Sherlock. Nice of you to make an appearance. Only twelve more hours to go, and you’ll be free to hassle Molly and Greg again. It’ll be nice, yeah?” John was desperate to continue the small talk, anything to keep Sherlock from saying what he had clearly spent two days working himself up to say.
So he invited John and Mary over for Christmas Eve. Just the two of them, nobody else. Not even Mrs Hudson, who had gone to visit her sister anyway. John was under the mistaken impression that the gathering was going to be similar to their first Christmas celebration.
"Oh, god. Well -- I can kinda see it, now that you mention it."
John groaned, head falling back and eyes glaring at the ceiling. “Hardly. Every eye will be on you, like it always is. Men
Ten minutes later, he woke up with his feet in Sherlock’s lap -- his *bare* feet. And they were being massaged. Sherlock Holmes was giving him a foot rub.
chapter prompt:
have an advanced degree.”
“So stubborn, the both of you.”
For now.
“You’re early. I didn’t expect you for several more hours.”
The expression on Sherlock’s face morphed from one of annoyance to shock. His jaw dropped and his arm tightened around the remaining bag of groceries.
“It’s not obvious to
“So. Day Five.”
Sherlock sat at the kitchen table, tongue poking out of his mouth as he concentrated on the task at hand. John watched him from his chair in front of the fireplace, nursing a hot cocoa as he savoured the feeling of contentment. Flames lapped at the faux logs in the fireplace, throwing off real heat to ward off the winter chill.
John handed the book to Sherlock. John was right; most of the pages consisted of colourful pictures, so the text wasn’t too overwhelming. Sherlock opened to the first page. He looked up at John and Rosie’s expectant faces. Clearly this was something that he did on a regular basis.
“Yeah, she just started calling you that,” John said, his expression sheepish. “I hope you don’t mind.”
"Let's just say in my life before John -- we were acquainted. And yes, I know she's alive. So if you're amenable to giving up your sometime flirtmate..."
“Tea, please,” John replied.
John’s heart swelled to the point of bursting.
Back at Holmes Manor, night had fallen once again. Like it had thousands of times before. The workers had left hours ago, leaving the sole inhabitant alone. The apparition floating before the bathroom mirror studied its own reflection. The perpetual expression of melancholy seemed to have lifted just a bit, softening the ghostly features. Marjorie Holmes tilted her head.
But...what, exactly, was he going home
John whistled in appreciation. “Fancy. Leave it to Mycroft Holmes to remember our anniversary, and to somehow know that we’ve made no plans of our own. Holmes, you say? Interesting. I wonder why he chose her, aside from the name. Have you heard of her?”
"John! We can't giggle; it's a birthday party!"
Surely he had. A mind that luminous wouldn’t have remained isolated for long. There must have been someone who had been attracted by the strong force of his personality.
you to take care of it this time because I was going to be out of the country! Or don’t you remember that I’ve been in Glasgow for the past two weeks?”
“No. As it says, it’s her debut performance. Solo, as it happens. In celebration of her 18th birthday. I’ve always enjoyed piano music, but Mummy gave Mycroft and I a choice as to what instrument we wanted to learn. Only one; she was a great believer in choosing one thing and doing that one thing well. I chose the violin, Mycroft chose the piano.”
Five beats passed, tension crackling between the airwaves.
“Fine. I’ll just clean up here, since I suppose I shouldn’t continue to bake any more items.”
He could just ask. Couldn’t he? If he and John were in a romantic relationship, surely they were at the point where they could talk about this sort of stuff. Surely?
Without really planning on it, John found himself stretched out on the sofa with his head in Sherlock’s lap. Sherlock held his phone in one hand scrolling through his twitter feed, while the other hand carded through John’s hair and periodically massaged his scalp. John’s eyes were at half mast as he stared at the telly without really registering what was on screen. Sherlock’s humming of the melody to his latest composition floated almost unnoticed through John’s mind, background to the feel of Sherlock’s skin against his own, pushing John from mere drowsiness to the edge of sleep.
“I just … I thought that …”
Sherlock turned his back on them and made his way to the kitchen to pour the champagne. He scowled at the waiting glasses.
“Solve any of those cold cases, then?”
Well, the only option he had was to move forward. And as it turned out, Mary and John *did* keep that appointment. It was all John could talk about the next time he saw Sherlock, how much he enjoyed it, and how good it felt to be able to shoot a gun without having to cover his tracks afterwards. Sherlock had to bite his tongue to keep from snapping, "Just wait until your
Trivia time was set to start at 3:00 pm. At 1:30, he texted both John and Mary simultaneously.
“Not enough data at this time. Oh Mycroft, you wonderful, stupendous pain in my arse. This just may make up for all of your past failings.” Sherlock practically vibrated in his seat. “BRILLIANT!”
“Well, how could I say no? Although why aren’t you asking Mycroft? Surely he would be your first choice?”
John pinched the bridge of his nose.  “You’re the only one I’ve been able to reach - “
Sherlock played along. "Are you wearing it now?"
“Any time!” the young man called at their retreating backs. “Feel free to come back when we’re open!”
“There was no one after you, Dr Watson. Not for any of it. A handful of friends, perhaps. But never anything the likes of what he shared with you.”
for it. And Sherlock excelled at looking.
No, too contrite.
“Oh, don’t be like that. Honestly, John, what could be more perfect? You won’t have to pay a babysitter. You won’t have to ‘impose’ on either Mrs Hudson or Molly, even though you know that neither of them mind. She can stay in her home environment with as little disruption as possible. It’s not like I’ve never minded her before.”
They were in the middle of eating their very delicious cake when Sherlock pointed his fork at John and declared, "The day we met."
John’s eyes widened. A few emotions played across his face before settling on one, and it was one that Sherlock couldn’t quite decipher.
He and John stared at each other. A chill went through them both simultaneously, and they shivered.
The hair now had streaks of white shot through dark curls, the face was a bit more lined, but the posture was just as straight and haughty as ever, the eyes just as clear and penetrating as they had been in his prime. The Belstaff he wore was identical in style to the one he had worn all those years ago, although given its pristine condition it couldn’t possibly be the same one. There was even a blue scarf draped around his neck. John’s heart skipped a beat, then started pattering in double time. Warmth flooded his chest and his blood started to sing, as if in reaction to the magnetic pull of an irresistible object.
For a Valentine’s Day that fell on a weekend, Angelo’s was surprisingly
“John, there’s no way her first word is going to be ‘shit’, ‘damn’, ‘hell’, or ‘bastard’. Really, how unimaginative.”
Sherlock huffed, charmed beyond all reason. “Indeed? You weren’t frightened, were you?”
“John has made his feelings quite clear.”
He is a good man. I believe it is time for me to step away, and leave him to his happiness. He is in good hands, now. It’s time to let go of the task I’ve assigned myself since childhood.
“Arse.”
Perhaps even haunting.
"Look, Sherlock, I know you're trying to make up for missing his birthday last time, but a speech? Really not necessary. You could have just asked me what we did for John last time -- "
. John had winked at Sherlock.
Frowning, John replied, “Uh, Redbeard, but he wasn’t actually - Sherlock, are you sure you’re okay? Periodic memory lapses aren’t uncommon with head injuries, do you need to - “
Sherlock, stop. This isn’t… Sherlock!”
Sherlock gasped. “A parallel to Euros, perhaps? Only more benign. That might explain the effect she apparently had on both of us, manipulating our senses and emotions. Was she manipulating the entire audience? John! The audience all had garb from the Victorian era just like she did. Were they
“When you - woke up from your coma, I was so relieved. I thought I had finally lost you for good. You’ve beaten the odds, so many times, but I was convinced your - our - luck had finally run out. I mean, how many times can someone come back from the dead, you know? Once is miracle enough, yeah?”
“I’m sure I can make my way into my own home on my own, John.”
“That’s my boy.” Mary winked.
Alas, it was not to be.
“John. I’m sorry, I … That was insensitive. Forgive me.”
“Just because
"You made this yourself?"
Chapter notes: Narrator is kept ambiguous until the end ;)
John looked up, his eyes glistening.
“Wow. Sherlock, this is… this is amazing. Are those presents for us? Because you said not to bring anything…”
memory.” Sherlock smiled, his anxiety slightly lessened.
The butterflies in his stomach wouldn’t abate. He didn’t want to allow himself to hope. The chances were minuscule, if even possible at all. John had never given any indication that he returned Sherlock’s carefully hidden feelings; in fact, John had always come across as the stereotypical straight male, willing to chase anything in a skirt, so to speak. Then again, if a number of years had passed, who knew what could have transpired between them, given the chance? Given his own feelings, even though he had repressed them as much as he had, it wasn’t beyond the realm of possibility that he had finally surrendered and given in to sentiment. But John? In a relationship with
Even though men did most emphatically not glow. Ever.
Entering the house felt like being transported back in time, to the elegance of an upper class residence during the Victorian era. Sherlock and John were led through a large room with a staircase leading to a second floor that was open on all sides with an interior balcony. A massive crystal chandelier hung threateningly overhead. Their steps echoed as they followed their guide into a cavernous room that could easily be imagined as a ballroom fit for Cinderella and her prince. This was where one could expect a concert to be held, if the expected audience numbered more than the handful who would be present tonight.
Sherlock tried but failed to sense John’s location. Of course his scent was everywhere, Sherlock thought stupidly, he came here five days a week after all. He went into the morgue and stopped, staring at the mortician’s table. Blood. Blood everywhere. A bloody scalpel discarded on a nearby tray. They’d cut him open! Why?
“Now, that’s not very nice. Do you know that you said that out loud? Stop fighting the drugs and when you wake up, the day will be brighter!” Becca said with a cheerful smile.
“Much.” They smiled and followed each other down the fire escape and into Sherlock’s room where the bed was big, the pillows fluffy, and the hearts were light.
“Y-y-yes, John.”
“Have you seen the waterfall yet, Gregory? I hear it’s lovely from the other side. Let’s go up and enjoy the view.” Mycroft took Lestrade’s arm and headed towards the grand staircase.
Sherlock once again sifted through the evidence in his head. John Watson was the best lead that he had so far and he was anxious to get started.
“You keep telling yourself that. Now, open up!” John said, tipping the glass into Sherlock’s mouth.
“That’s true.”
“Somewhere private where we won’t be spied upon.”
“The names are fine but I think he’d be better off with ‘John’ as his first name and ‘Hamish’ as his middle name. It flows better and he’s less likely to be made fun of in school.”
After the tenth smack John said, “I don’t hear any moaning or pleading. I guess I’m not making an impression. Let’s make it 50. Ten done, forty to go!”
“Of course you are, I have a monster cock that I want to stick up your arse. I’d be worried too,” Sherlock said with a grin.
“But John. Are you really sure you want to do this? There are places that would take you in. Perhaps you could get a scholarship to medical school and…”
“Have you seen this?” John said gesturing at Sherlock with his own now painfully stiff cock.
"Rock, Paper, Scissors," John said without looking up.
“Are you asking me? If I wanted to talk to myself, I wouldn’t ask you anything. Better. Do better!” John demanded, fucking Sherlock with his fist.
“Trust me, I know what I’m doing,” John said.
“You keep struggling like this, I’m gonna have to get the zip ties and you won’t like that, trust me. I’ll make sure of it,” John promised.
“More like a few weeks,” the doctor said.
“In here,” Sherlock replied somewhat tremulously.
“You’ve actually gone out into the field and checked those bodies in person, Mycroft? Because I don’t trust your incompetent agents to do it on their own. They seem to need supervision.”
Wednesday
“That seems reasonable. What would you like to know?”
“Answer my question,” John touched his prostate again, “Can I trust you to behave yourself if I untie you?” Then he added a third finger, paused, and wait for an answer.
“Uncle? What uncle? Fine.” John said when Sherlock just looked at him.
Sherlock had had plenty of anal sex in his life but only as a giver, never as a receiver. He was still a virgin in that area and he desperately wanted to lose said virginity but not really.
“No. You can’t have your iPad.”
"What's the plan for tomorrow night?" Sherlock asked.
“I thought that you read the script,” Sherlock said.
“Yes, brother dearest. To what do I owe the honor of this call?” Mycroft asked condescendingly.
“They do indeed. Here, let’s take these tight clothes off,” John said and proceeded to strip Sherlock naked.
It took a few seconds for Sherlock to answer; he didn’t realize that John had said anything at first; then John had Sherlock’s undivided attention.
"JOHN!" Sherlock panted.
“What have you got so far, John?” Lestrade asked.
“Are you doing that on purpose?”
Picking up the jar of petroleum jelly, John popped the lid with a casual flick thumb. The delicious scent of cocoa butter immediately filled the room.
I'm not thrilled with this chapter. Everything happened as it was supposed to happen, I'm just not happy with the flow. Who knows, I may come back and obsessively tweak it later. I've done that before.
Sherlock was sitting in his chair, knees to chest, fingers folded beneath his chin when he smelled a very distinctive perfume.
Thank you very much for the new stethoscope however, it’s very expensive so I am returning it to you. I do appreciate the thought that went into it, I’m just not comfortable accepting it. I hope you’ll understand.
John placed his tray on the nightstand; he’d already scrubbed up and was wearing surgical gloves.
Sherlock watched as John took his jacket off and lay it, lining side up, on the ground in front of him.
“No,” John said grabbing Sherlock’s sleeve, “The experiment hasn’t finished yet.”
“Definitely, I’ll be more than ready to fuck you by then too,” Sherlock said, pulling his trousers up, belt buckle jingling.
“So you’re a cheater too, eh? Well, Bill should damned well know about that!” Harriet snapped out.
Once John’s back brushed up against the wall, he turned Sherlock so that they switched places. Sherlock leaned against the wall.
“I’m a high level, quirky business man and that’s no longer even remotely considered odd anymore,” he laughed.
“I was hoping that maybe someone who is supposedly more competent than I am in this area, had come up with something new,” Sherlock replied.
“And why would that be, Jim?” Sebastian asked, running the chilled blood under hot water and moving the bag back and forth to spread the warmth around.
“I said GO AWAY!”
Sally, who’d been watching all this in fascination said;
“But…why? Why am I suddenly so important?”
“…however, I see no reason to do so. Not to mention the fact that I suspect that Doctor Watson would be quite vocal and uncooperative regarding a shift change made for - what would seem to him - no justifiable reason. I can’t very well tell the Board that Doctor Watson must have daylight hours in order to avoid being taken by vampires. Use that brilliant mind of yours and try being reasonable - for a change. In any event, I have agents watching Bart’s. I have agents watching his flat. I have agents following him to and from those locations. I even have agents watching the pub he frequents and since your flat is constantly being monitored, the good doctor’s trips there - of which there has been exactly one - are also being monitored. I assure you that he is being well protected.”
“I’m sure. What’s that saying? Oh, right,” He laughed. “’I’m so afraid.’”
“I don’t want to do this in public.”
Sherlock's robe was becoming increasingly damp in the front and in the back and just thinking that made me slide up against him all the harder.
“I will not be blackmailed into a relationship, Soul Mate or no. I’m going to work now. We’ll talk later.” John turned to leave the bedroom.
“That’s great. Any plans or are you just going to hang out at home?” John asked, tugging his bag onto his shoulder.
“Sherlock would never think to call him ‘Jack’ so it could be your special name for him.” Seb proposed, almost shyly.
He walked around, looking at the titles on the books, killing time while Sherlock had gone into his bedroom for…what he didn’t know.
“None. I’m more concerned about you though. You’ve never been bested before. The first time might be a bit tough on your ego.”
“You…you know about that? That was none of your bloody business! That was for me to tell someone not for someone to dig through my personnel files and pick and chose my attributes as if I was a menu item!”
“Really?”
“So. That’s it, then? I’m stuck with Sherlock whether I like it or not? And I’m stuck with your goons following my every move?” John demanded.
“You’re to only person I know who can be incredibly aroused but still be willing to stop at a moments notice. I’m almost certain that I should be offended. Aren’t you uncomfortable?”
John was becoming annoyed but had still been able to hide it. For how much longer, he didn’t know. This Holmes character definitely rubbed him the wrong way and, for the lack of a better term, the vibes that he got from this man were unlike any he’d ever felt before.
— GL”
“Well, that was easy. Now, where was I?” John said, throwing the phone aside.
“Can we make other Dhamphirs?”
“No. I will not just “stick it” in you. I want you to enjoy this. I’m very good at my job, Sherlock. You might walk funny when you leave but it’ll be a satisfied walk. Trust me.” John said.
And not only did she have to watch this brat but she watched her sister’s brat (Lawrence) too - who, in Harriet’s opinion, was God’s payback - had been born three months earlier than John. Oh, but her sister had been married first AND had a job, so she was held up as a paragon of virtue while Harriet was reminded day after day - ‘subtly’ - of her sins as she continued on with her penance of acting as wife of the house with kids who were so close in age as to be virtually twins. She was almost 18 now and constantly dreamed of leaving all of this behind her. She just needed to gather the courage to do it. She knew she’d never be welcomed home again and right now, she didn’t care. There was nothing here for her anyway.
“No but Moriarty just texted me and asked if I was “missing something” so he’s unsurprisingly behind this. And I could detect the scent of a vampire in here everywhere. He’s been in both the lab and morgue with John and often.”
“Didn’t take any. Just the paracetamol,” Sherlock replied distractedly.
The stairwells were locked after 6pm so Sherlock had no choice but to wait - impatiently - to take the elevator downstairs to the morgue.
“Congratulations. You’re able to get a hard on without doing anything. No mere mortal man can duplicate these results.”
“Well, I guess if that’s your best effort, it’ll have to do. Where are we going?”
“That’s one hell of a benefit! You taste delicious, by the way,” John said, licking his lips.
“No! I’m not safe wording out! I’m more than capable of, of,” Sherlock nodded at John’s cock with his head, “taking all of that! What are you waiting for? Stick it in me and get it over with so I can go home.”
“Maybe they were out of yellow?” John proposed with a small laugh.
“He needs to get to know you. The real you. Not the pretend, hormone driven Alpha. Can you do that.”
Just then, the baby started crying and the nurse felt obligated to try one more time.
John slid down Sherlock’s body until he was on his knees, Sherlock’s plump cock in his face.
Sherlock just looked at him.
Enjoy.
“About a month ago, I was masturbating and thought ‘I wonder if I could discipline myself to come without touching myself’ and the more I thought about it, the more I wanted to try. My mind, as you know, John, functions at a much higher level than the majority of people so I knew that I would be successful. I just needed to find a catalyst.
“It’s fine! I could stay like this all day!” Sherlock snapped.
“Well, to be honest, by the time I got to the part where I fucked you on the floor, I was too distracted by my hard on to finish reading it. Where is it?” John asked, making a minimal effort to lift his head up and look around.
“I should have been kinder. I shouldn’t have been so short tempered with her…”
“We need to have a plan in place before your father gets home. I doubt he’s going to take it any better than Harriet did.”
“Fine.” It took a few minutes before Sherlock had himself precisely lined up over John’s nude body.
Hearing Mycroft approach, he did not turn around. He wasn't worth the distraction.
“But he was interested!”
“Yeah. Well. That’s what a murderer would say, wouldn’t he? When he was trying to get you to stupidly enter his car. I’m going to have to pass.” And so saying, John continued on his way.
“I…I’d like time to get to know you…” John said, sighing as Sherlock began sucking on his neck.
Suddenly a bullet hit the helicopter and ricocheted off the steel embedding itself into John’s left shoulder dropping him like a bag of rocks.
“Is that new secret handshake?” Becca asked.
“God. Yes. Right there. More. I need more. Fuck me with your fingers,” Sherlock moaned.
“Stop being such a baby and get up,” John offered his hand again and Sherlock took it, allowing himself to be pulled up.
Darling John,
“Yes, John,” Sherlock said without opening his eyes or moving a muscle.
“They’re doing it!” Sherlock exclaimed.
“I can see why Mistress wants you so badly. Now, get on the bed and I’ll tell you a story. It’s all about John and what that mean old man, Moriarty, has been doing to him.”
“Feeling calmer yet?” Becca asked, checking to see that Sherlock’s pupil’s had started to dilate.
“I’ll get right on that.” John said, turning to leave.
“Let’s go over this again…”
“Sherlock. You have at least a third of a meter of wood embedded in your back in one long piece. It will have to be cut out which means inevitable bleeding. Probably not a lot but better safe than sorry. Besides, I happen to like those sheets. Now go.”
“So, wait. Did you just give me the long version of ‘if you touch my arsehole, you’ll be drawing back a stump?’”
“Actually, he looks just like my father did as a baby and his mouth looks just like yours,” he said a bit nervously but softening slightly towards the child.
Kissing his way back up, John stopped to nibble on Sherlock’s ear and neck causing him to moan. John had thought he was hard before but that moan just about did him in and he grabbed his own cock, squeezing it tightly and ordering it to not go off prematurely.
“Would the baby like some cheese to go with that whine?”
“All done, sweetheart?”
“Think of it more like a cat bringing a kill to your door as a sign of affection.”
“It was, but sometimes I enjoy mixing business with pleasure. That, and I couldn’t think of any other way to get you to stay still. You’re burning up,” John said sternly.
“Don’t do that to yourself, Sherlock. It’s too fresh. Her sister will be here to go through her things later this week. You know she chose to stay in a hotel rather than here. She said she couldn’t face the emptiness of the flat yet. Come away from there,” John said, holding his hand out to Sherlock who ignored it, turned the doorknob and entered the flat.
John thought that funny given how many times Sherlock had already repeated himself tonight but dutifully said nothing.
“I just set up a pint of O+ and warmed it under hot water first.”
He decided right then and there that tonight would be the night that he finally said ‘no’ and actually stuck to it. He had a life too. He had a right to go to bed when he wanted. To fix tea just for himself without automatically making two cups. And, not only that but he was sick to death of the constant visits to Tesco. That was going to stop too. If Sherlock wanted to eat, he could go to the store. John would just grab something on the way to work and on the way home. There. It was settled. He was ready for whatever Sherlock decided to throw at him.
Green is ‘hara’ and represents the start of Spring and new beginnings.”
“I thought you said your name was ‘Greg?’
“Wouldn’t miss this for the world!” Lestrade finished his drink, set some money on the table and followed them out. This was the most fun he’d had in months. Lestrade thought that Sherlock might just have met his match. Brilliant!
“Well, got off to a slow start but finished with a bang,” John grinned.
“Did you feel that?” Sherlock asked sleepily.
As he finished the last stitch, he looked up to say that the corporal was going to make it if they could get him out of there fast enough. Before he had a chance to utter one word, he saw a rifle aimed at him and without time to think, he was shot in his left shoulder and darkness was all he knew for a long, long time.
Withdrawing his fingers, John lubed up his cock and placed it against Sherlock’s hole.
“I arranged to meet them one at a time…”
“What? Wait. What are you doing?”
Again, not beta'd or Brit-picked so all mistakes are on me.
“You’re exhausted. Come along, there’s a good lad. Let John tuck you back into bed.”
“What’s this for?” John laughed.
“How long ago was this?” John asked.
“John. John. What are you doing? More. I need more.”
John leaned his head against the doorframe and gave a sappy, lovestruck smile in response.
“Of course I noticed your face. I’ve been talking to you all day. Where else would I look?”
“A PROBLEM?!”
“When you ‘play doctor’, sometimes people get hurt.”
“Can you give me an estimated amount of time that will have to pass before you’ll allow me to fuck you?”
“Here’s what we can do…” Harriet leaned in and began whispering into her father’s ear who started grinning, then laughing. Then they were both laughing.
“It’s a perfectly reasonable question since you’re holding me prisoner.”
“On whether I’ll still be able to work on cases,” Sherlock said without inflection.
“I said; thank you for your help. Jim will be most appreciative.”
“God, I hate when they do that!”
All was quiet for several minutes and eventually Sherlock’s breathing deepened and he seemed be asleep.
John shuddered.
“Stop listening! It’s creepy!
“Not with me under you, you couldn’t. Wait, don’t do that. Put your hand back right this instant!”
“Why are you making that face?” Mrs Hudson asked.
“It’s a problem. I’m aware.”
“For one, semen stains, John.”
John woke up with a pounding headache. Slowly looking around him, he didn’t recognize the room but he could smell Sherlock’s scent everywhere and there was a distinct chill up his spine which meant he was nearby.
“JOHN!” Sherlock yelled as he burst into their bedroom.
Sherlock groaned in relief but didn’t do anything other than let his arms relax. He wasn’t sure if he was allowed to get up now.
“What?”
Apparently this Watson fellow was extremely popular and was booked solid weeks in advance so the fact that they’d all been customers of his didn’t necessarily mean anything. It could be coincidence but Sherlock didn’t believe in coincidences which is what brought him to where he was now standing.
“No. I can’t do that. I won’t do that. It’s physically impossible. Ask for something else.”
"I'll go to our room and grab some." Sherlock said, turning to leave.
“Mycroft. When was the first Dhamphir born? Stop laughing. This is important!”
“Not interested. I’m quite satisfied with the status quo,” Sherlock said, examining his nails disinterestedly causing Moriarty to lose his temper.
In the end, Moran hadn’t been able to go to Bart’s for the blood; it was still - unsurprisingly - being monitored by the police. Instead, Sebastian just broke into a local Blood Bank and helped himself to five pints of O+. He was running late and couldn’t remember John’s blood type so O+ it was.
“I wouldn’t call getting a blowjob and being fucked up the arse, proper steps to a sound romance. And I doubt you could pay me anywhere near what I’m making now.”
“What do you think I’m trying to do?” Harry looked around and spied a large ceramic pot with nothing in it, picking it up, she began to swing it at John when her mother came in behind her and held her arm back.
“No. Not an aviary an ‘apiary.’ There’s a small beehive in production on the roof surrounded by a well tended garden. It’s amazing! Come on, John. You have to see it!” Sherlock smiled, slapped the door frame twice, and took the steps two at a time back upstairs.
"I said that I love you very much," John replied without breaking stride.
John removed his left hand from Sherlock’s trousers  and while he was still stroking Sherlock’s cock with the other, said;
“Five more minutes!”
Although laying down flat had made the pain worse at first, the dizziness that followed hit John full force and he felt that he might vomit. The pain was wearing him out, he could feel a certain kind of lassitude falling over him. He couldn’t move on his own if he had to.
“Decades? What are you? All of 32?” John laughed.
Which leads us to the reason for your abuse. You were genuinely wanted by your grandmother - at first -  but legitimate little Lawrence was just too adorable and eventually all the focus went to him.
John looked up.
“Don’t be sorry, doc. Could turn out to be a blessing in disguise.”
“Yes. I’m so sorry, John.”
“This is a one man experiment, John. I am quite capable of handling this on my own.”
Taking her hand back, she cleared her throat and said,
“WHAT?!” Mr Watson roared.
“Here, let me help.” John said as he gently took his hand and turn it palm up.
“Sorry. Sorry. Almost done,” John said and forcefully shoved the finger back into his knuckles.
“You are to maintain this position, no matter what I do to you. Understood?”
“Mycroft is very nosey and always in my business hidden under the guise of protection and caring. As if he has anymore room in that body of his for one more thing.”
“Duly noted. Now, be brave…”
John slid into the seat across from Mycroft in the limo while the driver shut the door. He looked angrily at his feet.
“Honestly, Sherlock. This is a black tie event. You couldn’t be bothered to do something with your hair? You look positively insane.”
“It’s red and generally means love in the language of flowers which is why I assigned the gardeners intended message of commitment.”
“Gotta love a fan who thoughtfully considers the effect of petroleum on 1,000 count Egyptian cotton. Turn on your right side so that I can place this towel under you.” John said, reaching for the towel.
First looking heavenward, Mycroft returned his gaze to Sherlock’s angry face and with a put upon sigh, said;
“Yes. Let’s say that.”
“Your case will wait. They’ll still be dead, won’t they?” John asked, staring into Sherlock’s eyes.
Closing the door softly, he looked up and saw that Sherlock was sat in his chair, looking down at his lap. John noted that he was wearing one of his silk robes…’Ooh. I love when he wears the red one,’ flashed quickly through John’s mind.
“Yes, John.”
“What was that, sir?” Asked the driver.
“You’ve changed into…” John nodded towards Sherlock’s attire, “pajamas. I wasn’t aware that it was that kind of ‘meeting’,” John finished awkwardly.
The woman pushed so hard that the veins in her forehead stood out. Suddenly, she felt great relief as the baby was expelled. She lay back, exhausted.
“You promise?”
“That feels so good. We should cut the lining out of this one and buy you another coat.”
“What was the last straw?” Asked Sherlock.
“Of course. Anything for you, Jim. You know that.” Moran said, a look of pure adoration on his face as he gazed at Moriarty.
“Sherlock, the man just jerked off listening to me jerk YOU off.”
“What’s funny?” Lestrade asked.
“I told you that someone was watching,” Sherlock hissed.
“All clean!” John said, sitting down in the middle of the sofa to Sherlock’s left.
“No. You’ve done enough to me [reference What Doesn’t Kill You] that I wouldn’t trust you as far as I could throw you. Now what’s happened to John?” Sherlock asked, losing his already shredded patience.
“I shouldn’t be but I am,” Sherlock stated flatly.
They watched as the doctor stood up, anger writ all over his face.
“It’s settled. John keeps a card on file.”
“You needn’t be so excited about it.” Sherlock sulked.
“What wobble?”
Sherlock began to struggle.
“Too right and I was making good money here too not to mention the fact that I also live…lived here.” John sighed.
“Well, judging by Sherlock’s awkward gate, I’d say it was number 87.”
Irene lips held a sexy, secretive smile. She slowly removed her hand placing it on her abdomen.
“Ok. You’ve convinced me. Untangle yourself and get up here between my legs and fuck me properly.
“Oh. Well, that’s good then. Isn’t it? I mean, unless you don’t like ivy. Do you? Like ivy, I mean?” John asked anxiously.
Sherlock looked at John, focusing on the bridge of his nose, feeling awkward about having been caught staring.
“Vampires have to work for a living to you know. It’s not like we’re out there robbing everyone as a way to pay the bills. John’s a great guy. He didn’t seem bothered at all by the fact that I was a vampire. Never even mentioned it. He’s not a racist, unlike the rest of you Dhamphirs.” Moran huffed.
“I’m sorry, John but I don’t think that I’ll be able to open my mouth wide enough for your fist to fit into it. We can try, of course but I’m not optimistic…”
“Oh my. They forgot to take the scones that I made for them this morning!” She lifted the tray off of her kitchen table and brought it up to the boy’s flat setting it down on one of the rare clean spots on their table.
“Absolutely not but if I’ve learned anything in this business it’s not to give clients bad news in your place of business. It never ends well.”
“That is the basic idea. Could be violent.”
“No. They do not. They’ll eat the occasional insect but as we’re in central London, they’re looking for junk food, not insects in general and specifically not bees! The window is fine. What’s wrong with you two?”
“I’m sorry, it’s just that I’m exhausted and all I want to do is turn in. Could we please do this in the morning?” Now he felt guilty about putting Sherlock off. John knew that if Sherlock decided to press his case, he’d would drag his tired arse over to where he was sitting and dutifully listen while Sherlock droned on and on about the latest type of fuzz he’d discovered. It was complete and utter shite, is what it was. He was a pushover where Sherlock was concerned.
John and Sherlock meet at a crime scene - it's not love at first sight.
John closed the distance between them again.
“What if I hard boil it first?”
“Didn’t Irene go over all this with you? She should have. I dislike repeating myself, even if it’s to two separate people.”
And so John and St Bart’s were both satisfied with his addition to the department. John was especially grateful that, with the exception of the Forensic Pathologist, Molly Hooper, he had the autopsy room all to himself. He found it difficult to maintain the facade of being happy go lucky John Watson for long periods of time so the less time spent with people the better.
You are very welcome for the gift. When I saw it, I realized how perfect it would be for you knowing your love of the antique accouterments of your profession. It would be my pleasure to meet you for tea tomorrow at the coffee shop.
“No need. By the time you get Mrs Hudson downstairs I’ll have already let the bee go. It’s really a one man job.” Sherlock opened the window, went back for the bee and gingerly slid out and stepped onto the fire escape.
“Well, that’s…” he began, running a hand through his hair nervously, “that’s just another type of fetish…”
“No. They’re well hidden.”
“It’s just a huge night of firsts for you all around, isn’t it?” John asked, pinching one of Sherlock’s cheeks.
“Stop! Stop! I’m going to come if you keep doing that!”
“I thought that you’d studied mesmerism. You also seemed to refuse to take no for an answer and I wanted to see how far you’d go. All the way, apparently.” Sherlock blushed.
“Did you take samples from the puncture…,” Sherlock started to say before seeing the neatly labeled vial in the stand. He’d really hoped to have been able to contaminate the saliva from the bite wound before it had been sent up for testing.
John’s hand raised and came down on Sherlock’s beautiful backside with a resounding ‘TWACK!” Sherlock flinched but didn’t cry out.
“We’ll talk about it tomorrow, John. Busy day, remember?”
“Keep your head down and take me to him.”
“No sir,” the woman replied, confusion clearly writ across her face as she began sinking down to her knees fulfilling her order.
“Detective Sally Donovan, I would like to introduce you to…I’m sorry. I didn’t catch your name.”
“The work is the most important thing,” Sherlock stated flatly.
“Very good. You’re learning!” John petted Sherlock’s backside aimlessly for a few seconds.
“Seb, I just don’t know what we’d do without London having sprung up through the years building around alleys rather than connecting the buildings as they went,” JM laughed, tossing his now slightly bloodied handkerchief behind him like so much tissue. There were plenty more where that came from. Besides, he was fond of leaving evidence for Mycroft’s minions to scurry behind him to clean up before the cops got there. God forbid they should check for DNA. Wouldn’t THAT be interesting.
“That’s your human side.”
Basically, he was faking it until he could be released from the mandatory therapy. He said nothing about his childhood - he never even thought about it so there was no reason to discuss it. Why dredge up the past? He just wanted Ella to sign off on the therapy so that he could stop wasting his time there.
“No.”
“Here. Let me fluff those pillows behind you so that you’re nice and comfy.” John made a great show of patting the pillows into shape and placing them behind Sherlock’s back.
“Let’s try out some other flavors the next time we do this. It leaves an awful aftertaste,” Moriarty said, turning the IV down and letting some blood drain into the bucket next to the table on which John currently rested.
“What are you doing, Sherlock?”
“I am. Yes. And how the hell do you know that? And all the other things that you seem to know about me. You’ve never answered that one either.”
“Sherlock, why don’t you head to the roof while I see Mrs Hudson safely down the stairs. I’ll meet you up there.”
“And tell them what exactly? He leaves no evidence and he’s a well respected member of society. I’d look like a fool without proof and that’s what I plan to do. Get proof,” Sherlock finished.
Anderson briefly thought about leaving but decided to stand his rocky ground and waited for John to stalk his way over to him. He wasn’t afraid of John, not really. Especially with that bum shoulder. He’d just been caught off guard earlier but he had his eye on him now; he wasn’t going to get the better of him this time.
“Oh god. Just…just wait for me! And no more touching yourself! I’ll take care of her when I get back.”
“You don’t understand. I just lost my job.”
"Uh. Well. This is...unexpected." Lestrade said, frozen in the entrance of John and Sherlock's flat.
“You won’t hurt my feelings if you don’t finish it,” Sebastian said.
Sherlock, who’d been watching all this asked, “Why did you let the drug start flowing?”
“Were you flirting with Molly?” John asked.
“Stop fiddling with that. I’ll get to it. Not really sterile but this is as good as it gets since I forgot my tray,” Becca said, pouting.
“My boss would like to speak with you for a few minutes,” the chauffeur said, opening the back door where another man sat, looking at him in a calculating manner.
It’s not as if he were the murderer after all. But if there was an intriguing crime, what was the harm in expressing interest and enjoyment in the aftermath? It was already done, after all. He really didn’t see what the problem was but he tried to keep his excitement to himself, often with little success.
Walking back to his desk, he felt the world spinning a bit and tripped - when he checked what he’d tripped over - nothing. Reaching his chair he placed his hand onto the back of it, slowly easing himself into his chair. He felt like his heart was trying to burst through his chest. He was NEVER drinking espresso again!
It's all exposition, folks!
“Sure. Oh. When did that get here?” John had turned and caught the big bottle of champaign chilling in a bucket on bureau.
“Just go, you arse,” John laughed.
“Of course it’s true!” John placed his hands on Sherlock’s hips and faced him back towards his chair.
“Ok then. What was he saying?” Lestrade asked.
“Well, your loss. You’ve paid for an hour of his time. That’s quite a lot of money. Will Scotland Yard reimburse you?”
Six Months Later
“No worries. Sometimes it feels a little spooky being here all alone but you always take the time to talk to me. The least I can do is bring you a coffee.”
“But not because I don’t want you to be “mean” to me. How would that look? Sherlock Holmes afraid of a little rough sex?”
John skimmed to the bottom of the page and read, “‘The End.’” That’s it. Oh, wait. There’s a post script at the bottom in small print.” John squinted at it trying to make it out.
“John, I’m so sorry…”
Sherlock was dumbfounded. He was being rejected. After experiencing…some sort of strong emotion, he hadn’t identified it yet but knew that he wanted to feel it again…to analyze it. Not because he was getting emotionally attached to John. Not Sherlock Holmes.
“OOF!” Anderson started to get up.
Putting one hand on his shoulder and the other on his hip, I pressed him against the sink and gestured towards it.
“We’ll find him, Sherlock.”
I really would have liked to have faced you for your first time but we have a problem; you can’t be trusted so, over you go!” John said as he grabbed the wrist and thigh straps, pulled him away from the headboard and pushed him onto his stomach.
“How lovely for you,” John said, getting his wallet out and throwing a few pounds on the table for the coffee and the breakfast that had yet to come.
“I’m in charge of myself. I can’t be made to do anything. Ask my brother.”
“Mmm mmrrmrr,” Sherlock mumbled under his breath.
John laughed.
“I think you’ve done enough,” Sherlock replied.
Rubbing Sherlock’s back, John asked, “Can I do anything?”
“Doctor Watson, I didn’t know that you had it in you,” Sherlock said, shoving the doctor hard enough to knock him back a few feet but not nearly as far as Sherlock thought he should have gone. Sherlock hadn’t met anyone who could beat him in a fight - yet. He might have finally met his match in Doctor Watson. And he couldn’t wait to find out.
“Nope. No deal. I guess…”John said, unzipping and sliding his trousers and pants down in one go. “I’ll be fucking you up the arse then.”
Sherlock turned around and faced the waterfall trying to make out the hazy figures below.
“Oopsy! My bad! Oh, Jack! Look at the mess I’ve made. You have blood all over your face and neck. Just let me clean that up for you. Seb, could you hold this for me?” Moriarty said, handing the mainline to John’s heart to Seb who quickly capped it.
“Phew. Good. To lose an arse as fine as this one,” and here John slapped Sherlock’s left cheek, “would have depressed me no end.”
“Ok, fine. You’re no fun. I don’t even know why I like you. Oh, yes I do! It’s that marvelous brain of yours. You’re a challenge and I haven’t met one of those in such a long time - if ever. Just imagine if we joined forces. We could rule the world!” Moriarty exclaimed, seeming overly excited by the idea.
“Think of something that I might actually do. I don’t need an answer right now. I really don’t. So would you mind ever so much getting back into your car with your drugs, head over to Baker Street and dose my brother again until we can get John back to him? Please.”
John said;
Sherlock grabbed John by the shoulders and looked into his eyes.
“The usual. Around 10pm. WHY?” John demanded.
“Yeah?”
“No. It’s just the temporary amnesia from the propofol. Don’t worry, things will start coming back to you soon.” Moran said, letting water from the new bag run through the tubing before connecting it to the catheter.
“With his silver tongue, of course.”
“No to both of those things. I’m not moving in with him and I’m not having your…whatever they are, stalking my every move.”
“Yes. We’ve found him. His name is Sebastian Moran and he works in facilities and handles mopping floors, emptying the hazardous waste, ensuring that areas are sterile.”
“What are you doing to my body, Dhamphir?”
"You've been watching me. It's hard to miss," Sherlock said, running a hand slowly down the silk covering that lovely arse. I felt drunk with pleasure, that and I felt that I could hammer nails with my cock.
“Who knows. Hey, Anderson. Seen anything good lately?” John asked, smirking.
Sherlock walked back to John who had succeeded in detaching his sleeve from the chair but his coat was still over the back of said chair which was being dragged with him every time he tried to move.
“The bullet tore through your bicep. I cut a path right through your muscle. That’s going to be painful, yeah? Let me get you something for the…”
Sherlock turned his head slightly, and winked at me. His arse was now completely exposed and he held his satiny robe at his waist, waiting to see what I'd do next.
“Mike. I promise that I won’t be offended. I need a job. You have a job available. How bad could it be?”
I watched with rapt attention while Sherlock slowly slid his robe up, first displaying only the bottom of one cheek and then the other. I gulped.
“Ever the romantic, John.”
“Johhhhn…” Sherlock said with a sigh.
“John. Oh god. I’m going to come! Come with me! I want to feel your cock pulse inside of me.”
Pulling a nearby sterile operating tray next to John, Sebastian began laying out everything that he’d require for the surgery and started opening the sterile packages in which they were enclosed.
“Fine. Fine. One less mouth to feed for a few days.”
If you're frustrated by this, believe me, it's even worse from where I sit but John's in charge and he's going to have things his way.
John laughed and stood up.
“Just knackered. I’ll see you in the morning, Sherlock.” John said into his pillow.
"I think that I might have to bugger you before we get into the shower. Is the lube in the medicine chest?" I asked.
“Surgery?” John asked again.
“And what could you possibly have that would even remotely interest me?” Sherlock asked, barely containing his excitement.
“Maybe. Or you could quit screaming when you come. Although, I actually do enjoy that.”
“That’s not the only thing that’s going to leave a mark if you don’t get your arse in gear.”
“Never mind. Just hurry.”
John watched Sherlock as he walked to the loo, listing to the right as if he was onboard a ship.
“Jesus Christ. Can’t I go anywhere without you following me around?” John said to the empty pub.
“My flat.”
I haven't done any editing or rereading this whatsoever. Blah, blah, blah. I hope you like it despite it's obvious lack of polish.
“Oi, freak. Is that how you’re getting assistants now? By running them down?”
“It’s ok, sweetheart. I have something better for us. I want, no. I need to fuck you, will you let me? I promise you that it’ll feel wonderful.”
“And the rest?” Sherlock asked.
“Why would she do that? She loves you.” Mrs Watson said but it came out sounding disingenuous.
“I find your management of your customers reprehensible. You should know when to stop serving someone alcohol. It’d be a shame if the authorities shut this place down,” Sherlock said, giving Will a grin that was somehow both evil AND terrifying.
“If you look down there, you can sort of make out the party goers.” John said with a slow smile.
“Have you found him?” Sherlock demanded immediately upon answering.
“Yes, it does seem rather quiet, doesn’t it.” Sherlock said, giving a slow smile.
“Good luck, John.”
“Have you?” Sherlock said, his voice deepening in that way that made all of John’s blood rush to his groin.
“You’re right. Come here…”
“God. The things you do to me, my mad genius,” John moaned.
Pulling Sherlock’s back against him, and hugging him tightly, pressing his nose against his silky curls. Sherlock leaned his head to the side, exposing his neck which John took as the invitation it was meant to be and began softly pressing kisses down his neck until reaching the juncture where his neck met his shoulder. Here he sucked until a deep pink love bite appeared. John wasn’t normally so possessive of Sherlock but tonight he felt the need to mark his territory. Leave visible evidence the Sherlock was taken. Well taken.
“I don’t think so. We’ve spoken long enough and I wouldn’t exactly call it productive.” Sherlock turned and began pulling his coat on.
“Great. Now I’m involved in cloak and dagger shit. That’s just perfect. When did that car get here?” John asked, not having noticed the car following them. No wonder Sherlock was worried about him being picked off by Moriarty. He needed to pay more attention to his surroundings.
“I don’t think that I like this very…” Sherlock started.
“Ex-military.”
“You come out right now and get into bed. I think that antihistamine is making you dopey.”
“Just throw them in the wash when we get home.”
Tuesday
“Look at me,” John said, using his index finger to lift Sherlock’s chin.
“One other thing. I want you to express yourself vocally. I want to hear your excitement, your passion, it’s nothing to be ashamed of or embarrassed about. I want to hear you moan and beg. Can you do that for me, Sherlock?”
“Yes sir,” Will said timidly.
“Wait. Why? You haven’t won the bet. You’re unlikely to win the bet. Don’t get overconfident. You’re only setting yourself up for disappointment.”
“Should. Have. Read. The. Script.” John stated, flicking Sherlock’s ear hard enough to sting.
“Oh.” John said under his breath.
“No. ‘Holi’. The celebration of the victory of good over evil,” said John.
“You know, you really do have the most perfect arse,” John said, running a hand lightly over Sherlock’s plump left cheek.
“I can assure you that he did not. He’s been going on instinct rather than intellect. He’ll consider it a weakness of his transport - and he’d be right. He’ll hate that. I can’t wait to tell him,” Mycroft said, smirking.
“Right. Don’t move. Stay just like that. I’ll be right back.” John walked quickly into the loo and Sherlock could hear him opening and closing the medicine chest.
“But, seriously, I need to give you a little information about…”
“No.” Sherlock said flatly.
“If you’ll take a seat, I’ll let Mistress Adler know that you’re here.”
“Yeah. Seems ok. Hard to tell though with all this pain coming from my shoulder.”
“I can’t stand it. What’s the discovery?”
“Can I help you, sir?” Asked Will.
“Fine,” Mycroft huffed, shoving the mobile back into his jacket’s interior pocket.
Lestrade and John watched the hunched over figure rapidly retreating and looked at each other.
Once in the room, Miss Watson was gently moved to the birthing table, her feet placed in stirrups, the doctor checking to see how far along the delivery was.
“Are you in pain, John?” Moran asked, ignoring John’s question.
“You’re not joking,” John said in a shocked voice.
“The purple Iris represents wisdom and compliments. This is definitely a message to someone.”
“But that’s my favorite part!” John complained.
“Jim…”
When Sherlock had first started patronizing her establishment, he’d given Irene a list of what he was looking for and it was very specific. At the time, she thought that maybe one or two visits and Sherlock would be satisfied, but she should have known better. Here he was on visit number six and he always left unhappy. Irene was fairly certain that if tonight proved to be a disappointment as well, Sherlock would no longer come here and she’d be forced to go back to stalking him via text. Not very satisfying considering the fact that she knew he read them but rarely responded. She felt certain that she’d be able succeed in fulfilling his fantasy where others had failed…if only she had a cock. That in itself was an indication of how much she wanted to fuck Sherlock Holmes. She’d never felt even the slightly inkling of penis envy before but as soon as he'd walked into the door and rejected her advances, all she could think about was bending him over and dominating him with the largest cock available.
“What did I just say? Try to control yourself and just sit there and be patient. You can ask all the questions that I’m willing to answer as soon as I’ve finished speaking. Just nod your head if you agree.”
“Mycroft is overly concerned with where I am and what I’m doing at any given moment. It’s not like I’m followed everywhere.”
“Can I just fuck you then? You won’t have to do a thing.”
“You two should be ashamed of yourselves! Do you know how important bees are to the environment? Charles the Second’s Royal Beekeeper once said; "A Bee is an exquisite Chemist" and no truer words have ever been spoken!”
“Someone did their research. Chrysanthemums. Bees don’t really care for them but they repel insects which keeps the other plants safe. See how there are several strategically placed amongst the wooden beds? All red. Interesting. I wonder if that means anything…” Sherlock paused as if waiting for John to say something but was met only with silence so he continued.
“Yeah.”
“For someone with a high tolerance for pain, you’re sure over reacting about a little bit of cutting. It’s only a meter.” John smirked again. Enjoying winding Sherlock up. It was nice being the agitator for a change.
“I will take that under advisement.”
“And how would you know anything about my time in the service. I literally just met you tonight. You hadn’t even heard of me before then. Didn’t even know who I was. So…,” John pulled Sherlock away from the wall only to slam him back hard enough to crack the plaster, “please explain to me where you got this information in such a short amount of time, in the middle of the night, no less, and make it quick before I bloody that pretty face of yours.”
"I think that I'll help myself first, thank you,
“It’s not like I know how all of this works. I’d never even heard of Dhamphirs before now.”
“’Secret handshake?’” Sebastian repeated dumbly.
7/23/21: Just some corrections and additions.
“Don’t ask stupid questions, John.”
“So you want to interview Doctor Watson?”
“Wait,” John held out his jacket. He couldn’t wear it now so he just folded it in half and hung it over his forearm.
Mycroft left the empty surveillance room to the sound of flesh on flesh as John fucked his brother, the door closed and locked automatically, cutting off the sounds of passion and excitement in an instant.
“Just a chill,” he said offhandedly.
“Not hardly but that’s good enough for now. Do I have super powers?” John asked eagerly.
“Are you sure you’re not gay, John? That seemed pretty gay to me. Not that I’m complaining,” Sherlock teased, smiling down into John’s face.
Sherlock
Sherlock had already come once so it took a little longer for him to reach his peak, and then he began coming as well, his hole tightening and releasing until John’s soft cock was finally forced all the way out.
This did nothing but make Moriarty angrier.
“Ah. There he is. And about time too.” Sherlock said softly to himself, watching as John exited through the glass doors of St Bart’s and paused, looking around him. Sherlock had been about to go in and find out for himself what was keeping him and he knew that might have been a mistake. He congratulated himself once again on his patience.
Continuing down, John placed a gentle kiss on the delicate skin between Sherlock’s thigh and groin.
The sudden change in topic caused John to respond without thinking.
“What happened? Did you trip and fall?” Lestrade asked.
“Is she your girlfriend.”
John’s eyelids slowly fluttered open, the pain from the surgery waking him up as the sedative finished leaving his body.
"Goddammit! There are still two more to go!" Sherlock exclaimed, shocking Lestrade. Sherlock rarely cursed.
Sebastian closed Jim’s door and leaned his back against it followed by knocking his head against it a few times for good measure too.
Bareback was not allowed here, although Irene had everyone tested regularly - a bartering system arranged with one of their customers in the medical field - if she found out that you’d had any sort of sex, anal or oral, without the use of a condom, out you went with your bags hitting you on the sidewalk as you lay there stunned and wondering what the hell had happened. No one thought they’d get caught but most toed the line. She didn’t have the patience for employees who would endanger their health, the client’s health, and most importantly, her bottom line. She was very, very comfortable and she intended to stay that way.
“Wait! The doctor has seen the note! Look at his face! Look how shocked he is! I haven’t had this much fun in decades!” Jim said but then his lips turned down into a pout.
Although your invitation to tea is very tempting, I’m afraid that you’re correct in your deduction that I’m too busy at my new job to take a break. As it is, I haven’t had lunch yet and it’s already 4pm. Maybe some other time?
Sherlock glared at John.
“You could take it off. It’s fairly straight forward.”
Sherlock was close to the drawer anyhow, he just wanted some kind of participation from John. Have him show some sort of interest. How could he turn down Sherlock Holmes! They hadn’t had sex since the case started a week ago and Sherlock knew that John had wanted him every day. Obviously, John was being spiteful.
“Hey. Are you ok?” Sebastian asked, concerned.
“My turn,” Jim lurched up without warning, banging his head into Sebastian’s chin.
John pulled Sherlock's silk boxers down exposing his beautiful, pale arse. Liberally applying lube to his cock, he lined himself up with Sherlock's hole, planning to take him all in one thrust.
John paused, hand on the doorknob, and turned around with a look on his face that was so angry that Sherlock almost questioned the wisdom of pushing John on this. Almost.
Sherlock stormed into the room.
“Yes!” Harry yelled.
“GODDAMN IT JOHN!!” Sherlock yelled.
“Well, how would you know that? I didn’t even know,” John said as Sebastian eased him into a sitting position on the table after lowering it.
“John. Fancy meeting you here,” DI Greg Lestrade said. “The coroner doesn’t usually get here BEFORE the Yard. Pub crawling, were you?” Lestrade smiled down at John. They’d become friendly bordering on friends, in the six months since John had become the senior coroner at St Bart’s.
I dropped his robe down, completely cover his buttocks again and slid my cock between those amazing globes of flesh and began masturbating against them jerking him off simultaneously.
The doctor watched John walking down the hallway and his heart broke for him. He knew John’s father and sister and his useless mother. The service probably was the best choice for him. No money. No home. Sure, he could have worked a couple of jobs and paid his way but if John was happy with his decision, then it would work out. It had to.
“Say what you’re giving me or I’m not coming over to play Florence Sandman to your brother.”
And so Sherlock began telling him all of the things that he hadn’t known about himself, the things that had been kept hidden from him for 40 years and wondered;
“Is it this?” John asked and began biting Sherlock’s hips hard enough to leave marks.
“No. I didn’t! I swear!”
“Why on earth not?”
“Ok. But tomorrow, lover. I promise.”
The door opened with a pop and there stood Sherlock, back lit by the light in the kitchen.
Dear Sherlock,
“We can talk at the flat.”
“You fucking whore! Do you know what you’ve done? The shame you’ve brought to the family?! You couldn’t  keep your legs together just like every other slutty Omega. Well, there goes your dream of being a doctor!”
Bringing the tubing up to his lips again and taking another deep swallow of John’s blood, Moriarty said;
Sherlock wasn’t in the mood for games and shoved the door open knocking Moran back against the wall with the force of it.
“You’re early tonight,” John said, grateful for an excuse to take a break.
“A long, long time ago…”
“So beautiful,” John said, smoothing a hand along his hip as he appreciated the perfection of that amazing arse.
“I thought you were a doctor in the Service, Captain Watson.” Sherlock said.
“Name it and it’s yours. I’m begging you. I have a half dead John Watson here and Jim is passed out after getting high on John’s blood and pain killers all day.”
“That’s unlikely…”
“Yes?”
“No,” John said again, “We’re finishing it right now. You wouldn’t want to skew the data by not seeing this through to the end now, would you?”
“I don’t need or want an excuse.”
5am Hallway Outside Of The Morgue
“I don’t care what my cock’s saying. I just can’t.”
As is my tradition: Midnight fic writing. Not beta'd and most definitely not brit picked. Hell, I'll be lucky if I remember even writing this. It's quite possible that I'll delete once I've gotten some sleep.
“Why, Jim, of course.” Moran said cheerfully.
“Well…it’s, uh, different,” John hedged.
“Shhhh…you see all of those people down there? They can’t see us. They can’t see me taking you like this. Bent over and raw. We don’t have any time for finesse so I’m afraid that we’re going to have to wrap this up quickly.”
"I've also been insubordinate, fuck me harder, Captain!"
“Whhhhaat was what?” He asked nervously.
Then Sherlock did something that surprised John; he smiled at him.
‘They’re insane. Every fucking last one of them,’ Sherlock thought.
“Right, Myc?” Lestrade said in a stern tone of voice.
“Just hugging you.” John pulled Sherlock closer to him.
Lestrade rubbed his face. “In the most generic possible terms, that is essentially correct, but…”
“Welcome, Sherlock. I know you’ll enjoy your stay with us.”
“I did. I’m so sorry, Sebastian. Forgive me?” Jim asked with a secretive smile on his lips as he ran the back of one hand up and down one of the hands Moran was using to hold Jim up by the shirt.
“You don’t mean…” Sherlock said abruptly.
“Promise?”
St Bart’s
Sherlock immediately turned onto his back and obligingly spread his legs.
“Well, I can’t just pull it out. It’ll break off not to mention that it’s too wide to try and get it out in one piece so I’m going to have to create openings in a few strategic spots to get the entire thing out of there.”
“Unless you’re here to help, I don’t have time for your nonsense, Irene.”
John laughed, “You’re a bit full of yourself, aren’t you, love?”
“Doctor Watson?” Sebastian had paused to look back at John.
“Oh so many reasons,” Moriarty began ticking them off on his fingers.
John’s mobile rang. He answered and said hello and waited for a response.
“Chicken shears.”
“In case was too much for your little pea brain to remember, it’s bubblegum pink.”
Sherlock stretched out his lanky form with a groan, looked over at John and asked,
“You, actually.”
“Oh, and about that other thing that you mentioned. I’m Sherlock’s “weakness?” I haven’t asked him for a thing, nor will I ask anything of him. I’ve only just met him for Christ’s sake. I don’t see how I could be his weakness; whatever that means.” John demanded.
Their attention was caught by Sherlock suddenly bending over at the waist as if he was in pain.
“What’s there?”
“I’ll handle Irene. Well? What will it be? You don’t need the money. You can leave this job at any time. John Watson, will you be my roommate?”
Ignoring John’s last comment, Sherlock continued;
“We don’t have to do this at all, you know. We’ve turned down scripts in the past.”
“We can finish this right now,” John said, taking a step forward.
Giving a cursory glance at the baby, Bob turned his head away only to immediately turn around giving the baby a second look.
Three Hours Later
“John? John who?”
“Was that sarcasm? No matter. Facts are facts and your are in fact a Dhamphir.”
“Tell me what you see?”
Mycroft sniffed
“John…”
“You can’t figure it out? What about bodies being picked up by funeral homes?”
“Obviously I knew that they’d never had any intention of keeping it quiet. That’s what I was counting on. They were each too smug for that. It was more important to them to brag about their amazing cock skills and how even a pro preferred them to the others. As if there’s any skill required to have your cock sucked. Imbeciles.” John rolled his eyes.
“No. I think that here is good.”
“I’ll take care of it right away, Jim.”
“Yes, John?”
“So, stitches without numbing then?” John asked casually, ignoring Sherlock’s comment.
“Not impossible, but unlikely,” Sherlock said.
“There’s…a lot of blood. All John’s. I’ll bring the evidence to you and let your people go through it. They cut him open, Mycroft,” Sherlock said with a hitch in his voice.
“Sherlock. There’s a man here pretending to be your brother and he expects me to get in his car with him. Not happening.”
“I wish I could let you remember this,” John said regretfully.
“So I just need to introduce myself at the beginning of any relationship I’m thinking of having by saying ‘I’m John Watson and I lost my baby and uterus when my father and sister let me fall down the stairs.’ Something like that? I’m sure I’ll be popular for a safe lay but that’s about it. At least I won’t be lonely,” John said with a sniff and an ironic smile.
“Well, Sherlock. May I call you Sherlock?”
“Anderson! That’s rude! Shake the man’s hand!” Lestrade barked.
John was small but compact and although Sherlock could easily handle his weight, he didn’t want to draw attention to himself by carrying a clearly drunk man up to his flat. Not that he cared about rumors, not really. But Mrs Hudson would question him relentlessly and he didn’t feel up to it at the moment.
John look up at Sherlock, tears in his eyes.
“Really? Can you still name them?” Lestrade asked, curious.
“Nah. I live alone. I like it, but…” John said, hesitating. He didn’t usually confide this much private information to anyone. He supposed that Sebastian had just hit him at a weak moment and he was spilling his guts. Now he felt awkward and just wanted to leave.
“You know I’d never have called you unless it was an emergency,” Sebastian said anxiously, looking down at John.
I’ll be there. My favorite dish is spinach tortellini in marina sauce. It’s not important to me whether or not you’re able to cook. Your company is enough.
‘Great. I feel so much better now,’ John thought fuzzily. He wished that he could fall asleep. Between all that espresso and adrenaline, he couldn’t seem to pass out. He was not looking forward to this procedure.
“What do you do for a living, anyhow, Mycroft? Riding around London in a limo isn’t cheap.”
"You're ruining the mood, John," Sherlock said, but there wasn't much heat behind the words.
Sherlock stretched luxuriously, arranging himself on the bed properly, taking John’s hand and pulling him into the bed with him.
“What? I need to find John. It’s time to get up, isn’t it?”
“That maniac happened,” John answered tersely, taking panting breaths through his mouth.
Spending money in a brothel didn’t quite compare to the purchase of lab equipment and chemicals though.  Sherlock actually hoped that Mycroft would mention it. There was the potential for a huge row over this and it had been a long time since they’d really gone at each other. Sherlock smiled to himself. Yes, something else to look forward to in addition to catching the murderer.
“Both Harriet and your grandfather assumed that you were their child. He’d raped Harriet often enough to make that a reasonable assumption. I’m sure you’ve wondered why your “sister” hates you. You represented the result of a rape by a stranger, at best, or your grandfather at worst. And as it turned out, they were both wrong.”
Sherlock grabbed John’s other hand.
“Wait a minute. Did you feel that little ‘grab’ in the knuckle when I pushed the finger back into your hand?”
“You know that I only want what’s best for you, don’t you?”
Becca held her hand out to Sebastian who looked at it in puzzlement before reaching out to shake it. Becca quickly pulled her hand back.
“Do we leave now?” Seb asked from the shadowy corner from where they’d been watching the drama unfold.
“It’s obvious that I can’t just take you out of here right now with all the exits being watched. Storing you in a morgue drawer until we feel confident enough to move you without alerting any remaining agents or, even worse, Sherlock, this is where you’ll stay. Plus, the cooler temperature will lower your heart rate and all of that steel around you won’t allow either you or Sherlock to sense the other. It’s perfect, really,” Sebastian said, dragging the mortuary table over to the drawers.
Thank you again,
“I know that you haven’t seen your mother, er, Harriet, in years but she lives nearby. You can ask her about who she believes to be your father. She’d never think or believe you if you said that your father was a vampire. A truth you’re having a difficult time believing yourself. So I’d stick to your grandfather raping her story. Work your courage up and talk to her. You might be surprised at what she says.” Sherlock sat quietly, giving John time to process this seemingly unbelievable information.
Reaching inside, John slowly withdrew Sherlock’s cock from his trousers. Sherlock gave a sharp intake of breath as the cold air touched his cock.
Becca pressed the only speed dial button on her phone and waited for Irene to pick up.
“Put that mobile down right now or you can pull that thermometer out of your arse by yourself!”
“Tell me how much you like that,” John demanded.
Fortunately, he was able to get through the door to 221B Baker Street without catching Mrs Hudson’s attention. Hopefully that old busy body next door hadn’t seen him either.
“Brilliant, John! Those match some of my deductions exactly. You’re not as stupid as you look.”
John removed his hand from Sherlock’s arse as if he’d been burned.
“Exactly,” Mrs Hudson smiled back.
“How are you, honey?” Harriet’s mother asked.
Let's hope it works out.
“Did you really think that I hadn’t already thought of that. I considered taping your mouth shut but what if you vomited and choked on it? A dead Doctor Watson doesn’t serve the bosses’ purposes very well, now, does it? No, I’m going to keep you sedated until I can come back to pick you up.” Sebastian began rummaging around in that damned box again.
Letting John’s arm down by his side gently, Sherlock said, “Alright but I will be looking at this later.”
“Yes, sir.” Sebastian replied dutifully.
John smirked and waited. Hearing Sherlock pull himself up using the doorknob, he stepped back and waited for the fireworks that were surely about to occur.
“Friday was Moran’s last night before going on vacation.”
“Ok. Basic movie of the week stuff. Got it.”
“That word - no, don’t say it - causes more blood flow to the penis every time it’s said. It never occurred to me to test the limits of engorgement. It was never meant for public use! ”
“I don’t want…this is way off topic. If we can get back to discussing the victims…” Sherlock said nervously.
“I knew enough.”
Picking up his mobile and giving a heavy sigh, he pressed a slightly worn number on speed dial.
“What? Here? John, we’re clearly visible behind this waterfall. Mycroft will be angry…”
“And I suppose I’m the rock?” John asked, fists clenched.
Sherlock grinned back, placing a delicate kiss on the corner of John’s mouth.
“I don’t know that I’ll ever be ready for that, Sherlock.”
“Where is he!”
“And I you.”
John’s chest hurt. His heart hurt. He didn’t know what had happened or where he was, just that he couldn’t move, his chest hurt, and he felt like he’d lost time somehow.
“So long as you hold me, that’s fine,” John said and leaned in to give Sherlock a long, passionate kiss.
“Harriet. Calm down and put the pot back where you found it. I can’t hold your arm forever. Now, John, there have been many babies born out of wedlock and there is a stigma attached but not as much as if you murder the baby!”
Sliding his middle and index fingers through the lube, John eased them into Sherlock and began massaging his prostate again.
“I want you too but I wanted to ask you to do something for me.”
When Sherlock still looked uncomfortable, John said indignantly;
“Yep. Gave it to him myself. For someone who’s not ‘alarmed’ by sex, I find it amusing that he initials all of his books on page ’69.’” Irene and Becca laughed together.
“Sherlock, Mrs Hudson knew that you cared about her. She knew and accepted you for the arse that you are,” John said, eliciting the slight smile that he was going for.
“Sometime in the 1400’s. Satisfied?” Sherlock asked.
John stood up with a sigh and shouldered his carry all looking like he had the weight of the world on his back. Pushing the bar to exit the morgue, John noticed the man from the hazmat department pushing his cart down the hall, red bags almost completely full, and gave him a nod.
Differences are resolved. New ones occur. Just another normal day at 221B Baker Street.
“So?”
“You seemed perfectly content with it to me,” John said, annoyance still clear in his voice.
“87. It was 87.”
Just then, he heard a door open and footsteps headed his way.
“One question…” Sherlock said.
“Well, he does seem excessively pale.”
“It’s not Bill’s. He doesn’t even know about it.”
“Really? Let me listen!” Sherlock reached out with a “gimme gimme” gesture for the mobile.
“Don’t pigeons eat bees?” John put in.
“I wouldn’t try to move if I were you, John. You might feel wide awake but take one step off of that table and you’ll end up in a heap on the floor. Not to mention the fact that you’re too weak to fight a kitten right now. Just lay back down and wait until we get to the next thing.”
“I thought not. Now, remember what I told you.”
“Wait! Wait! It’s going to hurt too much for you to slam into my back like that!”
“1pm! Friday? MYCROFT! I know this is your doing!”
“I said; Cleanliness Is Next To Godliness.”
“They can drink but food tends to make them nauseous so they mainly stick to blood unless they’re trying to pass for human.”
Actually, that was pretty impressive. John was fairly certain that he’d never seen Sherlock’s cock so engorged before and it was still growing.
“Wait. Where are you going?” Sebastian asked anxiously.
“I’m practical, John and this is highly impractical. And I want you to know that I’m doing this under protest.”
“This arse is too lovely to just fuck right away. This requires finesses. All that to say that you’re arse is gorgeous and I’m going to fuck your hole with my tongue until you’re begging me to fuck you.” John waited a moment to give Sherlock time to say ‘I don’t beg’ but he was silent, watching John with those amazing aquamarine eyes.
“As is your right. Oh. By the way. There was a rather large boot print on John’s abdomen directly above his pelvic bone. You wouldn’t happen to know how that got there, would you? I mean, that coupled with him falling down the stairs….people might say that it’s parental abuse…” The doctor looked at Watson giving him time to figure it out.
Sherlock continued stroking John’s cock, squeezing it from time to time while teasing his neck with his teeth. John felt himself getting close. And then he was coming in Sherlock’s hand, shuddering at the release. Sherlock chose that moment to sink his fangs deeply into John’s neck drawing his blood into his body while climaxing on John’s back.
“Doubt it. Check page ’69,’ Irene said with a laugh.
“Sounds like a right arse. I’m in.” John grinned.
“Clients,” Irene interjected.
“I heard their stories of broken bones, kicked out teeth, gang rape… Ironically, it seemed very important to them that I knew that they used condoms, as if that made everything ok. Finally, I’d heard enough.” John went silent, a far away look in his eyes as he idly trailed a finger down Sherlock’s arm.
“OW! Goddamn it! Stop doing that!” Sherlock exclaimed.
“John! Good. You’re home. I have something amazing to show you.”
Sherlock held out his hand to John who reached up and took it allowing himself to be pulled up.
Pulling her mobile out of her pocket, she pushed the buttons necessary to bring medical to the house and smiled at her dad.
“Then you probably shouldn’t have lain yourself out like a willing sacrifice then, eh? What about after you’ve taken some paracetamol?” John coaxed.
“You have a healthy grandson, Mrs…”
Of course I’m not literally counting the moments. That would be obsessive, which I’m not. It’s just a figure of speech, much like wearing bells.
“And get ejaculate on my trousers? I think not!”
“That, I can do,” John said with a smile, standing up to head around to his side of the bed.
“What? No. You make it sound like I’m out there measuring cocks all day!” John said indignantly.
“Oh, and Sebby?”
“I don’t suppose that you dropped by the chemist’s on your way home for those nicotine patches that I asked for?” Sherlock asked with resigned sigh.
“I don’t know that there’s a specific meaning for honeywart but the color blue can represent desire, love, hope, beauty…”
“Ok. This is going to sound weird, but hear me out…” Sebastian started.
“Really?”
“That won’t take long to relax you,” John said but he could tell by looking at Sherlock’s eyes and his slight weaving, that the Lorazepam had already begun taking effect.
He’d just asked for the bottle at this point which the bartender dutifully brought over with a worried frown.
“Yes! Yes! I got it!”
“Give me your hands,” John said, holding his hands out.
John reflexively looked at Sherlock’s crotch, blushed, and looked back up again.
“John. Describe the man to me.”
“Harry. Calm down and get your foot off of John’s stomach before you hurt the baby!”
“I can be whatever you want me to be.”
“I could, um…I’m sure she’d make an exception if I asked.”
“Can vampires eat?
“Another bottle of your finest, barkeep!” John said, looking around at the empty booth.
“Fine but I’m only doing this to humor you. I’m wide awake but I’ll lay with you until you’ve gone to sleep then get back up.”
“Stop saying that.”
“What’s wrong? Is it awful?” Sebastian looked at the name on his cup and it was labeled ‘John.’
Irene nodded and without a word, began leading Sherlock to his latest, possibly last, intimate encounter with one of her staff.
Violets are blue,
Sherlock lubed up his fingers and began slowly opening John up one finger at a time. This was the biggest indication that John was well and truly asleep. His muscles weren’t clenched and Sherlock had him ready in record time.
“That’s very amusing. I guess we know who the boss is in that relationship.” Sherlock said with a smirk.
“It’s unimportant to the story.”
“How could you know that?!” John demanded.
“LÁL!” John said quickly sucking Sherlock’s cock head into his mouth.
The doctor gave Mr Watson a disapproving look. He’d seen this type of trauma before not to mention the boot  sized bruise that was left on John’s abdomen. Yes, he knew what had happened but there wasn’t a thing he could do about it.
“You forgot to kiss me goodnight!”
“Ooh. Look at Sherlock’s tense shoulders! The doctor seems to be angry too! Just look at the red face and his readiness to throw a punch! It’d be a bonus if they get into a physical altercation…” said Jim only to be disappointed when they both knelt down and began looking at the body.
“Let’s look again, shall we?” John grabbed the silk sash where it joined Sherlock’s wrists together then kicked his legs out from under him, his hold on the sash being the only thing keeping Sherlock’s face from slamming into the table.
With a crook of his finger, John made a casual pass over Sherlock’s prostate. Never lingering long enough to do more than frustrate Sherlock and cause his cock to harden.
“I’m in a hurry. What’s it to you? You’re not my father,” John said, then paused to take a closer look at Sherlock.
“It means that things can go back to normal now. He can come home and heal for a few days…” Mr Watson started.
“Oh my god. What did you do?!” John exclaimed.
“I thank you for your concern, Sherlock, but I am quite fine as I am. Unlike yourself; I will not literally stumble over a mate. And I’m more than capable of managing my weight on my own so I’m afraid that your pathetic attempts to drag me into an argument in the hopes of wearing me down until I give in to you, are for naught. Another time, perhaps?” Without another word, Mycroft walked past Sherlock, the tapping of his umbrella fading into the distance until it could no longer be heard.
John’s jaw dropped open. This was a creative maniac, he’d give him that.
“You should see the other guy,” John grinned.
He had control of his mind and his body, being only transport, had betrayed him by interfering every time he was close to success but he’d come up with a surefire way to get past this - he’d thought. Now, five times later, this was going to be his last attempt. He’d just chalk it up to a failed experiment and then stew over that failure for years. That’s what happened on the rare occasion that something refused be deleted or stay behind the ‘Do Not Enter’ door of his mind palace and it was unacceptable.
“You’ll know when we get there. Lestrade. Are you coming?”
“All I care about right now is that I’M the boss in this relationship. Come on.” John reached up and proceeded to pull Sherlock along by the collar until he finally gave up resisting and went willingly, albeit reluctantly, cooperating.
“Yes. I forgive you and I’m glad that you won’t remember any of this in the morning. Here. Let’s get you out of these clothes and into bed,” Sebastian said, pulling Moriarty out of the chair by both of his arms.
"I have no control over that. It seems to have a mind of its own," Sherlock replied.
“‘Becca?’! The bane of my existence!” Mycroft growled heading towards his ever waiting vehicle.
“Well, I didn’t give permission for an…apiary either. Did I John?” She asked John, genuinely curious.
“You’re exaggerating, you always do,” Jim staggered over to lean on John and took a good long look at him.
John’s heart felt like it was struggling to beat, and his lungs struggling to inflate in his chest. He tried to keep his eyes open but was losing the battle.
“Oh god! He’s so warm and tight.” John said, slapping Sherlock arse.
“I did see you glancing at my trousers several times.”
John stalked back to Sherlock, grabbed the sleeve of his coat and twisted his arm behind his back, pushing him towards the exit.
John watched as Sherlock crouched over the body of a man covered in vibrant shades of red, yellow, blue, and purple. A bag of  of green powder had been shoved into the victim’s mouth.
“You’re the famous Consulting Detective, right?”
“I’m so close, John. Almost there. Oh god! You’re amazing. Don’t stop.”
"Um...just out of curiosity, could you tell me what you're doing?" Lestrade asked.
“That’s for the best, I think. When we asked John what happened, he began sobbing uncontrollably and we had to put him under so that he wouldn’t tear any stitches and could get some rest. I don’t think he’ll need anyone with him other than yourself.”
“I do hope that wasn’t irreplaceable,” Sherlock said.
“What’s wrong?”
Mad editing later as is typical.
Reaching around to Sherlock’s stomach to use some of the come that he’d so thoughtfully provided, John used it to slick up his member and as an afterthought, began quickly fingering Sherlock’s hole with the remainder until he felt loose enough to accept John’s cock.
“That’s not in the script. Now, get up. I’m not asking, Sherlock,” John said, releasing Sherlock’s hair again and standing up.
“Sir, you can’t keep wasting sugar like that and making a mess for the staff to clean up,” the waitress began calmly.
Throwing himself onto the sofa and covering his eyes dramatically with the back of his forearm, Sherlock replied, “But that’s so far away! And, look!” Sherlock tugged at what he was wearing. “I can hardly go out dressed like this now, can I?”
“What if I promised to only use my powers for good?” John pleaded.
“I’m hungry NOW, Seb. He’ll be fine. And if he dies, well, you can just find me another one. Right?”
“One day, maybe.”
“Enjoying my selection? Oh no. Don’t stop. You might find something you’d like to borrow,” Sherlock said as he entered the living room. “I’d want it back, of course.”
John rolled his eyes.
John laughed
He pressed his ear to the door; all was quiet within. He knew he had no hope of sneaking past Sherlock without notice but he was going to give it his best try. It was ridiculous, he knew. All of this just to avoid his flatmate but John wasn’t really thinking that well at the moment; all he could think about was getting into that soft, fluffy bed.
“Thank you, I…”
“Just ignore it. I guarantee it’s useless information,” Sherlock said.
Tuesday
Thank you for your patience.
“Watch…” John punctuated this by biting Sherlock’s neck, sucking a large bruise where it would be clearly visible to others.
“Yes but that’s most often done while being intimate with your partner or if your partner has been hurt, they can feed from you to help them regain their strength. Recovery depends on the amount of damage done to the body and blood loss, naturally.”
“That’s true,” Sherlock said, hesitating.
“John…” Sherlock started.
Seb just nodded in agreement. He didn’t understand Jim’s fascination with the Dhamphir but he worked for Jim and it wasn’t his job to understand the bosses’ reasons for anything he did and he knew better than to question him.
Until tomorrow,
“Yes, well…” Sherlock’s ears were growing warm again. Dammit!
He never complained about what was really happening. The beatings, the pinching hard enough to leave him black and blue, or the occasional cigarette burn which was never located where anyone could see it - besides Harriet - and John knew better than to complain. He knew better than to draw Harriet’s attention in general. It might help him in the moment - if they even believed him - but Harriet would make him pay forever.
“Sounds like BDSM. We’ve done that sort of thing before, John. What’s different this time?” Sherlock asked, leafing through the script.
“That’s wonderful! Molly! You’re brilliant. That matches my deductions exactly! Thank you so much, couldn’t have done it without you! Tah.”
“You’ve got to be fucking kidding me!” John exclaimed in disbelief.
“Worried,” he replied.
“I’ll make us tea later,” He said softly but John didn’t hear him.
“OWW!”
“We covered all exits…,” Mycroft began.
“Ah, my man. What a dreamboat.”
“That’s…oh…” Sherlock closed his eyes.
“I want you to put your hands back on my head and fuck my mouth as hard and fast as you want to. Just do whatever feels good to you. I’m your willing servant, here for your pleasure. Use me. Can you do that for me?”
Irene noticed this, gave a small smile and continued.
“Please, Becca. I’ll make it up to you.”
“I don’t think that’s viscous enough, John,” Sherlock said primly while obediently kneeling on his chair.
“Yeah. I got it.” John said, taking the pills from the doctor’s hands.
“Works for me,” John said.
John stood by the side of the bed, waiting. Not one peep out of Sherlock. He’d made it!
“Mistress said this wouldn’t be easy.”
“Do you think that Mycroft is still listening in?”
“And just how would your brother have access to confidential information?” John asked, annoyance clear in his voice.
“Ah. Well, go after him then, John! And good luck. Not that you’ll need it. I think you’ll find that he feels the same way for you as you do for him,” Mrs Hudson said, giving John’s hand a pat.
Sherlock paused what he was doing and looked at John.
“Um…yeah, sure. I’ll be in touch when I know anything else.” Lestrade said, and waited for Sherlock to make use of the insult he’d left in that statement.
“No. No. Nothing like that. It just seems that since we met at the crime scene, I’ve been able to sense where you are and am able to find you. I normally wouldn’t have been able to pinpoint your exact location but I deduced that you’d be feeling the need to drown your sorrows. I could sense that you were…not feeling quite right. That and I also knew that the chances of you being in a pub right now was highly likely.”
‘’Mostly dead?’ What did that even mean? ‘Mostly dead?’ Sebastian thought as he hurried to the car.
“Ooh. Looks like you went and got yourself a good one there, Niall. Right through the bicep. A bit bloody but we’ll stop that. You’ll get sent home, rest a bit and we’ll see you soon. You’ll be good as new.”
“We both know that’s not true. You’re Soul Mates. I know that Sherlock has tried on several occasions to ensure that you understood what that entailed.”
“Yeah. With your fists. You’re done talking, Anderson. You should go now before I do something you might regret.” John said, releasing Anderson’s thumb and shoving him backwards.
“It is indeed. And their chief forensic, and I use the term loosely, “expert” is an idiot who is more interested in shagging a co-worker than doing his job. I don’t understand why Lestrade keeps him on.” Sherlock ended in disgust.
“I don’t suppose you’d be willing to give up a little blood? Just a taste? Dhamphirs are just SO delicious and you rarely get this close to one - without them trying to kill you. So?” Moriarty asked hopefully.
“I am sorry that you had to find out this way John, but you needed to know the truth and your family wasn’t going to tell you. Normally, I wouldn’t involve myself in such an issue - not really my area -  but when we met, I could tell right away that you were a Dhamphir and not a child of incest as was thought all along. That changed things when a vampire was added to the mix. We don’t tolerate rape in the Dhamphir/Vampire community,” Sherlock said matter-of-factly.
“Do you have any proof of this relationship?” John asked suspiciously. He was fully aware of the ease of making fake IDs but he still wanted to see some kind of proof that this man was who he said he was. Just then, his mobile rang. He kept his eyes on ‘Mycroft’ while he answered it.
“Oh, god. You look so delicious laying there waiting for me already!” Becca leaned over and gave Irene a lip smacking kiss.
“But what? Something I can’t do?”
“I’m awfully good at my job which you will no longer question five minutes in.”
“Only if I can call you arse face.”
“Fine. Fine. Fuck! Fine. Just get off of me!”
“I see all those years in medical school weren’t wasted.”
“Yes. Not lifting cars over your head strength but stronger than the average human or vampire.”
“And, John?”
He took out his gun every night, wondering if this was the day he’d kill himself. Then he met the genius and he felt glad to be alive for the first time in a long time.
“Don’t you have a name for your penis?”
“Yes. Was that a courier at the door?”
Shutting his mouth, John began to rapidly fire questions at Mycroft.
"God, it was, wasn't it?"
Mycroft gave a little moue of distaste saying, “There’s no need to be vulgar, Doctor Watson. No one is more dismayed by THAT particular turn of events than I myself. Sherlock was fine on his own until you came along and made yourself his weakness. And now he’s obsessed with you.”
I was just going to keep writing until I finished but I'd left you guys hanging a bit so I'm giving what's done so far.
As John felt himself coming, he bit into Sherlock’s neck and drank while his cock emptied itself deeply into Sherlock.
“That procedure’s rarely performed anymore, if at all. Now, if you’ll give a few strong pushes, the baby will be out and the pain will be over. Ready? Now push.”
“You can see if my parents are out there. After all, they’re the ones who insisted that I bring that bastard into the world. Give it to them. Let them figure out what to do with it.”
“No. No. No. Just let me help you. You’re very pale. I had no idea that you’d have such a strong reaction to espresso or I would have just gotten you regular coffee,” Sebastian said, all but dragging John out of his chair again and into the morgue.
“You don’t believe me,” Sherlock said flatly.
“Less talking, more fucking. Fuck me, John. You feel so good inside me. Harder, harder…OH!!”
“John, you’ve just drunk an entire bottle of scotch in under an hour. Maybe you should take a break,” the bartender put in tentatively.
“Yes. Now, open your eyes and sit the hell up so that we can go over this script.” John turned around and began sitting down causing Sherlock to suddenly scramble upwards to avoid having his calves crushed by an impatient John’s backside.
At that, Sherlock snorted.
“It’d best not. If it was anyone else, I’d swear that you had a crush on Sherlock.”
Mike looked uncomfortable. “I shouldn’t have mentioned it.”
“Just a little IV sedation. It’s enough for three days. I just set it on drip and it will keep a constant flow pumping into your veins until I come back for you on Monday. It’s a holiday so I’ll pretty much have the place to myself and technically, I’ll be on vacation so no one will be looking for me anyhow. It’s perfect, really. Then on Monday night, I’ll just drive a hearse up to the back of the hospital, shove your bagged body inside and be on my way, with none the wiser.”
“Yes but it’s going to wear off soon!”
“That’s all? Well, I can’t see my back anyway so carry on.”
“Am I disturbing your sleep, my love?” Sherlock asked John sweetly.
She wrote a note and left it on top of the treats then she withdrew as silently as she’d come, this time not bothering with opening any doors.
Moriarty's plan comes together.
“That’s ridiculous,” Sebastian said disapprovingly.
“What’s this about you being my mother?”
"I'll be sure to mark that on the calendar. 'Mycroft agreed with me.'" Sherlock replied sarcastically.
“Oh. No. No. No. Sherlock’s bound to turn up sooner or later and we still have several hours until sunrise. I love the winter! Besides, I want to see his face when he sees the bite marks and the note. He loves a challenge, just like me! We are SO alike!”
“I wasn’t acting, I just figured you were a looney,” John laughed.
Getting on his knees beside Sherlock, John pushed up his expensive dress shirt and began trailing kisses down his spine and ending with a soft kiss at the beginning of his cleft.
With a snap of the right hand glove, John reached for the speculum, opened the package and emptied the contents onto the towel.
There was another shout;
More dialogue added to the end. I forgot about Mycroft and he was highly offended - so, his normal state of being.
One day, while caught in a hail of gunfire, which wasn’t unusual considering that they were on the front line, several soldiers - unasked - considered it their duty to protect John while he worked on the injured. Then, one of his guards had gotten shot leaving an opening in his protection from the enemy. John didn’t notice. He'd never asked for, or worried about, receiving special protection from anyone. He honestly hadn’t realized that he was being protected. He just knew that he had to save his men; it was all that he cared about. It was what he lived for.
“Yes. What would you like to know?”
“Don’t want any,” Sherlock sulked.
“Where do you keep them?” Sherlock asked nonchalantly.
“See? What’d I tell you, mum? WHORE! Doesn’t know who the father is my arse! I’ll bet it’s that Bill Murray you’ve been hanging around so much.”
“I don’t want any water! MRFF!!”
Sherlock made as if to sit up but John only pushed him back down on the bed. He followed this up by tucking the covers around Sherlock’s body finishing with kiss on his forehead.
“No. Sooner or later someone would find out and then the gossip would be everywhere with people talking behind my back wanting to know why I got special treatment. Making snide remarks as I passed by. I don’t need the money that badly to put up with that kind of shite.”
Elizabeth looked shocked. “You can’t mean that, Harriet! He’s your child.”
“Yeah. Well, here is your first month supply of suppressors, you know that Omegas aren’t allowed in the armed forces if they can go into heat. It’s distracting to everyone.”
“Deal.” John laughed taking a sip of the incredibly hot cup of coffee. It tasted bitter and John made a face.
“Uh huh.
“Would you like to go for double? I know I would.”
“That’s an understatement…”
The medical personnel entered the delivery room in shocked silence.
“Yes. I’d like that but I’m working on this case,” Sherlock replied as if this was a normal conversation. He tried to stop answering John’s questions but it was almost as if he was compelled to not only answer, but answer honestly. Nothing good could come of this.
“So how do I know that? Well, you had to have a physical before you could join the army and notes were made of the many scars and burn marks on your body. Marks that clearly weren’t self-inflicted. Following that back to your childhood, well, you had a disproportionally high visit to hospital when compared to your uncle.”
“And yellow is ‘pila’…” John started.
More scratching.
“I’m sorry that we weren’t able to save the baby, Mrs Watson.” The doctor said.
“I love you, Sherlock.”
“Yes, I was, wasn’t I?” John pulled out and slid in slowly again.
“Would you mind letting Harriet know that we’ll be waiting for her and the baby, please?” Elizabeth said as she tried to hand the baby back to the nurse.
“Right hand red, it is. Let the games begin!”
Sherlock was about to ask why but then realized that he no longer card. He placed his hands in John’s.
“Yes. I feel very lucky to be infertile at 17, no, almost 18 years of age.” John said bitterly.
Dearest Sherlock,
“What was that?”
10 minutes later
Pulling Sherlock’s robe down to cover his arse again, John stepped back and admired how wrecked he was. ‘I did that to him,’ John thought. ‘Just me. No one else has ever seen the remote, unemotional Sherlock Holmes lose himself like this. And no one else ever will.’ Not if John had any say in the matter.
“Well, first of all, he’s a Dhamphir.”
“I’m sorry, I should have asked; may I eat your arse, Sherlock?”
“I’ve heard that they have a mind of their own.”
“None take but I need to get back to my flat so that I can take some medicine for my shoulder and ice it.”
“Just getting a little pain killer for you before the boss comes back. He actually likes the taste of this one so it’s a win win for both of you,” Moran said, injecting the pain medication into John’s line.
Sherlock looked at his mobile, groaning in frustration.
Sebastian lowered the table to one of the drawers on the bottom and pulled out the slab, readying it to receive John’s warm body and that’s when John finally snapped. He didn’t think about it, he just started trying to get out of that bag before he was shoved into cold storage but he was so weak that he couldn’t even lift his arms above his hips.
“John. You said you would stop if I asked you to. I’m not asking you to stop. In fact, I insist on the opposite. Take off your jumper.”
“Mycroft Holmes, yes.” He snorted. “Our parents were fond of ridiculous names. I won’t even go into the absurdity of our sister’s name.”
“No, no, I’m fine. Just testing
Sherlock scowled.
, before Morstan could start dropping hints, as girlfriends tended to do after a certain amount of time. Although, surprisingly, she hadn’t yet made any effort to do so. At least, not that Sherlock could deduce. What was her agenda, anyway?
“Sherlock.”
“Surely his number’s changed.”
no! It's just me gifting her boyfriend with a spot of jewelry." She winked. "Think of it as … going steady. We are living together, after all." She turned to Sherlock and smiled. "Now: how about that toast?"
kitchen table.
Bath time and tooth brushing occurred without incident, as did the donning of pyjamas. John undid Rosie’s braids and brushed her hair, hoping the sensation would be soothing enough to relax her into sleep.
"Yes, and that causes a thrill to run up your spine, doesn't it?"
John swallowed.
“Fine. Just tired.”
“Here we are!” Angelo boomed. He set down two plates piled with their favourite savoury food. “Enjoy, Sherlock and John!”
John ducked his head, smiling. “Yeah, having a bit of deja vu there. But I’m glad. That you agree.”
He stopped, struck dumb, as he took his first good look at the man standing in front of him.
John was Daddy, of course. Sherlock, eventually, became Papa. Mr and Mrs Holmes, to their delight, were referred to as Nana and Granddad. John would never deny them that, given that they would most likely (most certainly, Mycroft claimed) have no other grandchildren.
He opened his mouth and tried to speak, but nothing came out. He licked his lips and tried again. Still nothing.
that swam out at him during his first deductive glance.
John sighed. “Yes. Yes it does. Look, Mrs Hudson has a large freezer, we’ll use that. Also, I need some air, I’m going for a run.”
Self-doubt gnawed at his insides the entire day. What if he had miscalculated? What if John preferred the quiet, intimate outing he had with Mary? What if he didn't appreciate all of the attention or excitement that Sherlock had planned? But no. Sherlock knew John. John liked socializing with his friends. He liked the energy that came along with public outings. He liked pub nights, they used to be the highlight of his week. Surely he hadn't changed that much?
“I failed to take into account the possibility that you didn’t want the same thing I did. You said that you no longer had sex unless it was within the confines of a committed relationship, implying that you don't see yourself in one with me. But then I concluded that theory only fit *some* of the facts. The most likely explanation, one that fit *all* the facts, is that you're convinced your feelings aren't reciprocated. I should have known, given your lack of observational skills, that that was the case. But as it turns out, I also am loath to risk what I already have in favour of something new.”
Sherlock sniffs. “Next time I’ll pass on the chore to Mrs Hudson.”
"Oh, sure. But he's not the love of my life. And I'm not his. Look. When we first met, he was very open about how he felt about you. But you were gone -- dead -- and we just clicked. The chemistry was undeniable. I think he even thought about proposing. But then, you came back. And things... changed."
“Mmmm,” Sherlock responded. He glanced at his phone, pretending to check the date. “It’s true, most people are dull. By the way, there is something I’ve been wanting to discuss with you.”
John did enjoy kissing, but he enjoyed other things just as much. Caresses, cuddles, hair stroking, backrubs…He wondered if those things were on offer as well. Kissing was just the icing on the cake, the epitome of intimacy. Short of sex, of course, but John didn’t know if he’d *ever* wrap his head around that when it concerned Sherlock, so best leave it on the back burner for the time being -- the *very* back burner.
John cocked an eyebrow and cleared his throat.
They didn't lose one person in the transition between trivia time at the pub and John's birthday dinner at the neighboring restaurant. Everyone was having such a grand time, nobody wanted the evening to end. John was not seated near Sherlock, but he spent the entire evening throwing fond glances in his direction. The warm feeling spread from Sherlock's chest outward to the ends of his fingers and toes, and had nothing to do with the alcohol he was imbibing.
Their final destination was a drawing room of sorts, located just past the main ‘ballroom’. Although smaller than the room they had just exited, it was still spacious and inviting.  An old fashioned piano was placed at the far side of the room. Several rows of upholstered wooden benches were lined up on the opposite side, half of which were occupied with spectators.
are. Sherlock Holmes, coming home from the shops with actual bags of food? Never thought I’d see the day.”
“Private showing, all right,” John muttered. “It looks like someone’s private residence.”
"But this is only the first half. The birthday dinner won’t be for another -- "
John chuckled. “No. Probably not for a while.”
With a spring in his step, John walked into the kitchen and plonked down into the chair across from Sherlock. He waved a hand at the cake. "How do you like my attempt at baking?"
“Something like that. Rest assured, I am exactly where I need to be at this time.”
“Hamish.”
"It's lilac," Sherlock muttered, then a little louder, "You're quite welcome." Dear god, would the inanities never end? "Your turn, John."
Marjorie’s eyes flashed.
So... it's been over a year since I posted the first chapter. Apologies, dear readers. This past year totally got away from me. But I just recently dusted everything off, and here I am again. I have every intention of finishing this story. Thank you for your patience, especially lyciuum.
“Hey!”
“Mycroft.”
Sherlock might be wearing casual jeans and trainers instead of bespoke trousers and polished Oxfords, but he was obviously maintaining the same fastidious habits that had always defined him. When he went out in public, at least. John hadn’t yet caught sight of what covered his upper body under that ridiculous coat, but he would bet all the money in his retirement fund that it contained a thread count no lower than 500.
John huffed. "Might be a little late for that. We just kissed in -- well, not exactly in broad daylight, but out in public! Anyone could have seen us."
“I never discard a theory until I have examined all of the possibilities. Do you have a better explanation, John?”
Sherlock frowned. “I wouldn’t go quite so far as all that.”
The last memory Sherlock had before waking in a hospital bed, was of falling asleep on the train from Grimpen, after the Baskerville case. That had been a good one -- satisfying on every level. Life had been good for several months. Several exciting cases had made their way to them, satisfying both Sherlock’s restless intellect and John’s financial concerns. John had basically stopped dating, after the Jeanette fiasco, which made Sherlock happy on many different levels. The only thing resembling a cloud on the horizon had been the Moriarty threat, and Sherlock hadn’t been at all sure that was going to lead to anything more than just some poking and teasing whenever Jim became sufficiently bored.
Sherlock frowned.
chapter prompt:
A few weeks ago he had tested a couple of the numbers, choosing the two people he felt would receive him with the least amount of hostility. Unsurprisingly, both Molly and Lestrade’s numbers were out of service. He supposed that most of them on his list would be, but he was counting on one in particular remaining unchanged. The name attached to it, after all, was less of an individual entity than a title/position. There was a chance the secure line was the same as it had been fifteen years ago.
He believes me to be married to my work. I can’t fault him for that deduction. For many years I gave him no cause to believe otherwise. Sentiment, after all, is a chemical defect found on the losing side. I still believe it to be mostly  true. Mostly.
“That’s putting it mildly. I can’t be seen running around with an old man.”
When the day did come, and the word was spoken, it seemed the most natural thing in the world. Of course it was that word; what other could it possibly be?
A nugget of relief sparked in Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock shrugged. “Something I should have done years ago.”
Mrs Hudson POV
it’s impressive.”
Kissing. So much kissing. From brief pecks on the cheek, to prolonged snogging sessions on the sofa. Sometimes with tongue, sometimes closed-mouth. Never tongue-down-throat level, per Sherlock’s limits. The kissing often came with lingering touches, caresses and embraces.  It was all… actually quite lovely, John thought. Even though hands remained above the waist and postures upright. John was *not* going to take advantage.
And it always came down to that, didn’t it? The fact that he left. That he stayed away for two years with nary a word to the man who was supposedly his best friend. Graham and Mrs Hudson both had been happy to see him, but John Watson? John had punched him -- not once, but three times. Sherlock sighed. He should have known. It always came down to this.
"The universe is rarely so - "
"Got your breath back?"
If I had known… and you did say…"
Night pressed up against the windows. Every few minutes one of the panes rattled from a gust of wind as the inclement weather did its best to intrude, to no avail. Their domicile remained cosy and safe.
“Point taken.”
a very bad idea.
Chapter contents: humor, crack
“No strings attached? It’s over when our quarantine is over? No expectations other than….passing the time?”
What now? He wondered. Sherlock’s expression was carefully blank as he continued to watch John. John started to think he had made a terrible mistake, even though it had been Sherlock’s idea in the first place.
John slanted his eyes towards Sherlock. “Such a sweet talker you are. How did I ever live without you?”
“Holmes. Sherlock Holmes, at your service.” Sherlock gave a slight bow. “No relation to you, at least none that I am aware of.”
Sherlock turned and looked up at John. “And did I ever tell you…”
Marjorie’s eyes skittered briefly over to John before settling again on Sherlock. “Your brother?”
“That I want to be in a committed romantic relationship. With you.”
Sherlock’s hands stilled for a brief second before continuing their ministrations.  “As you wish. Don’t fall asleep, we have Facetime scheduled with Mycroft in 30 minutes.”
“Sherlock.”
John had winked. At
Obviously some time had passed since his last pre-accident memory. At least a year, quite possibly a fair number more, given the changes in John’s appearance. Nobody else had been by to see him yet, given that the doctors had only just cleared him for such. When administering the cognitive tests earlier, they had asked him who the current prime minister was and the year, but John had just laughed and told them those were things Sherlock didn’t retain with a perfectly functioning memory, let alone while sporting a head trauma. He correctly passed all of their other tests: he knew his name, his birthday, his address, and any number of other questions designed to evaluate his mental state and thought processes, not to mention his physical state. Sherlock admitted to a gap in his memory of several days, but no more.
Sherlock stopped the car near the sign, and both men got out to better read the new information.
“Yep.”
Human error.
“Good. Now that’s settled, let’s go back in and enjoy the rest of the evening. Forty only comes once, am I right?”
John cocked his head, and gave him a puzzled look. He opened his mouth --
John shrugged, suddenly reluctant to give away how eager he had been to finally see Sherlock again face to face.
“Did you pay the gas bill last month?”
Sherlock frowned. “It’s the thought that counts.”
“Sherlock.” John swallowed. “It’s perfect. Thank you. I look forward to writing up our cases. Hopefully in the near future?"
“And the rose. There are none at any of the other tables.”
John stepped into Sherlock's line of sight so that he was forced to look at him.
"So," Sherlock said casually, eyes once again on his experiment, "you wouldn't mind celebrating the day after, rather than the day of?"
Silence reigned for several minutes before Sherlock calmly stated:
“John. Stop thinking, it’s annoying. You see, but you do not observe.”
"Hmm?"
“You married again. Didn’t last long, five years at the most. It ended amicably; in fact, you’re still friends and meet for coffee every so often.” He paused, as if debating the prudence of continuing. “She has a daughter, about the same age Emily would have been. That’s what first drew you to her. After the divorce, you went back to living alone. You weren’t bored or lonely because your job was very demanding, taking up most of your waking hours. You rose quickly in the ranks until you reached your current position as hospital chief of staff. Well done, John. I always knew you were a
“Yes.”
“We’ll figure it out in the morning.”
"What do you mean, changed?"
Was it some kind of cruel joke, the kind that used to be played on him back in primary school?
John swept his hands down Sherlock’s arms, and squeezed his elbows. “Good.” John stepped back. He cleared his throat.
Sherlock frowned. He opened his mouth to insist that, no,
“No, John,” Sherlock scoffed, phone on speaker as he titrated a precise amount of reagent into his solution. “You know how I feel about gatherings of
Sherlock shook himself. “Sorry. You’re welcome, John. The cases are what we do, yes? Where would you and I be without the cases? It’s what brought us together in the first place. It’s what binds us together now.”
“Maybe so. It’s still impressive.”
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Mycroft and I agreed it would be best to skip this week. Given recent events, you understand.”
“How do you explain this, then?” Sherlock held out his programme from the night before.
Rosie shook her head. She stuck her fingers in her mouth and regarded him with a somber expression. Sherlock’s heart swelled.
“Aren’t you going to see your sister today?” John called from the sitting room.
“He was stubborn first.”
That thought was like a bucket of ice water dumped over his head. At the same time, he became aware of the fact that he and Sherlock were
Sherlock’s verdigris eyes flicked over him swiftly, undoubtedly taking in fifteen years worth of data at a glance. Under that unrelenting scrutiny, all the energy drained from John, replaced with a bone-deep tiredness. The excitement that had been sustaining him for the past several hours ebbed away until all that remained was weary resignation. He lifted his head and set his jaw.
And just like that, Sherlock was left standing in the doorway to his own flat feeling like an intruder.
chapter prompt:
“It all looks lovely, Sherlock,” Mary said. “And smells divine. What is that, chicken or turkey?”
John cracked a small smile. He set his journal off to the side. “Octopussy.”
"Lazy, yeah, like I've never heard that one before."
Sherlock shrugged, eyes skittering away from John’s. He reached for a breadstick, less from hunger than from the need to keep his hands occupied. “Maybe they ran out of red linen?”
“Ah, crap.”
Sherlock abruptly stood up, swaying alarmingly as he did so. He blinked until he only saw one head on John's shoulders instead of three.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed, tracking John and Mary’s cab as it pulled away. He pressed the tissue harder against the blood flowing from his nose. Mary had promised to talk John round, a playful glint in her eye as she had said it. He really couldn’t read her intentions very well at all. She reminded him of Irene Adler.
Both Holmes’ dropped their hands and straightened their backs.
about things. Concerning crime: wondering and figuring out the how, who, why, where, and what of the thing. Everyday details and happenings rarely escaped his notice either. Insatiable curiosity and vivid imagination led him down many a fascinating path. He couldn’t seem to help himself from poking and prodding until he came up with a satisfying conclusion.
“Can I kiss you now?”
John snorts.
Then the day arrived when it all came to a head. Honestly, John was surprised it hadn’t happened sooner.
John wanted to ask, but found the words wouldn’t push past his throat.
Sherlock opened the car door and feasted his eyes on the comforting sight of a black door with familiar gold numbers and a knocker. He couldn’t shake the feeling of finally coming home after a long journey. Which was patently ridiculous; he hadn’t even been gone an entire week. Why did it feel like a lifetime?
Which begged the question --
A hysterical laugh threatened to bubble forth out of John. He suppressed it but couldn’t stop his face from cracking into a wide grin.
Sherlock’s verbal clumsiness rocked John back on his heels. The few times he had heard him so at a loss for words had always been the result of careful staging and manipulation by the detective, designed to mislead and obfuscate. This time, he had no doubt as to the sincerity of Sherlock’s lack of eloquence. Suddenly, he was filled with self-loathing. It wasn’t right for Sherlock to have that sense of shame and guilt hovering over him. It was
Unfortunately, that was the one person that he always refused to turn to for help.
felt those things about Sherlock, and that those feelings were stronger than whatever he felt for Mary Morstan. Oh, and that whatever Mary felt for John paled in comparison to what Sherlock felt for him.
John nodded. "Yep. But not only that."
John snapped his head up from contemplation of the carpet. He narrowed his eyes as he took in Sherlock’s appearance. The detective was dressed in his signature black suit and pristine white shirt. His hair was perfectly styled, down to the last curl. He looked tired yet alert, eyes bright and posture erect. John saw the confidence in the way he held himself, but also his vulnerability in the way he clasped his hands behind his back. That was always Sherlock’s tell, keeping his hands out of sight to hide the nervous fidgeting.
All well and good, Sherlock thought. If this was Mary’s attitude towards celebrating a romantic holiday with her boyfriend, then Sherlock’s plans were sure to overshadow any of hers. “Quiet evening at home”, how ridiculous. John thrived on the unexpected. How could she not know this?
"Yes, yes, quite all right. Go ahead."
John laughed. “Well, heaven forbid. I’m sure it will be something having to do with solving mysteries. She’s surrounded by detectives on a regular basis, I’m sure she picked something up from them.”
"Did Mary tell you her plans to hook up with Irene?"
John had a few theories of what Rosie’s first word would be. Being co-parented by an ex-army doctor and the world’s only consulting detective, the top five choices were, in order of likelihood: murder, case, clue, idiot, experiment.
And now, after several ages, Sherlock and John.
Sherlock twisted around, a frown on his face. “I’m composing. If it bothers you so much, perhaps you should isolate yourself in your bedroom.”
I am a day behind. Today's prompt:
Then a text alert pinged. It contained an address near Brighton, complete with directions.  Another text followed, short and frustratingly ambiguous. Even so, John knew that the wording was in direct contradiction to the sender’s actual sentiments.
John blinked. “Sherlock.” He took a step forward. “What, exactly, are you saying?”
“Harrumph. I lost on purpose, otherwise the game would have dragged on into the next day.”
John jumped, startled. “What? Sherlock!”
Sherlock grinned. “Do your worst, Captain Watson.”
"It really, really does."
"Sherlock. Thank you for all -- this. You really went above and beyond."
His eyes were still closed, but he had no desire to open them. The light pressing down on them was already too bright, almost painful. Another hand cupped his forehead, blocking most of it and providing a measure of relief.
John threw the covers to the side and continued lying there. He looked at his watch. “Not before I get the breakfast that’s included in the price of our stay. And what programme, I didn’t get one.”
Sherlock started, his eyes flicking to the doorway of his room. John stood there, looking quite handsome in a cobalt jumper and freshly pressed khakis. There was a satchel hanging from his shoulder and a small child in his arms, a child that was reaching for Sherlock and calling him…
“I think we should kiss.”
Sherlock went into his bedroom and shut the door. He didn’t come out for two days.
Sherlock looked up. “Not going out, then?”
“Why are you telling me this, Dr Watson?”
Janine had gotten a kick out of calling him 'my dearly beloved detective'. The phrase had set Sherlock's teeth on edge. He was none of those things, except for the detective part, and he never understood why she had called him that -- other than the fact that she had given him a run for his money in terms of manipulation.
It took a mighty effort for Sherlock to keep the look of triumph from showing in his smile. This just proved how little Mary Morstan really knew John Watson. John was a romantic at heart. One had to only read his blog to figure that out. Whenever Sherlock started to doubt that John had ever felt anything other than friendship for him, all he had to do was open John’s blog and read any of his entries, all of them filled with flowery praise, and all of it directed at Sherlock Holmes. And not just praise about his intellect and deductions. Some of it even veered into romanticizing his physical appearance.
This was unquestionably John’s child. John’s DNA proclaimed itself all over her features, from the shape of her nose to the colour of her hair and eyes, right down to the way she seemed to peer into his very soul.
“Glad to hear it. Well, the reason I wanted to meet up was – I was wondering if you’d be my best man.”
Sherlock frowned. John looked… different. *Very* different. Lines on his face that Sherlock didn’t remember having been there. And his hair… greyer, and worn in a much different style than he had before. And thinner. So much thinner.
chapter prompt:
Christmas Eve. Appropriate time for “the thing” to be done, in Sherlock’s mind. It would be just the two of them tonight; Mrs Hudson had graciously offered to host the little one until tomorrow morning. So. No time like the present, and all that rot.
“Brilliant,” he whispered, eyes shining with fascination. “An antique Erard grand piano. Our parents owned one, it’s what Mycroft practiced on. Only ours wasn’t made of oak.”
John couldn’t hold it back any longer.
John couldn’t stop a grin from spreading across his face. He stabbed a finger at Sherlock.
"Gavin, I have a very important question to ask you.”
"John, this was my grandfather's. He was meant to pass it on to a male heir, but I was the only grandchild, so it came to me. I think you'll make better use of it."
"Sherlock never once broke the vow he made to you on your wedding day. He clawed his way back from the brink of death for you. He stood by both you and your wife during the nasty Magnussen business. He opened up both his home and his heart to you - again - after you once again found yourself alone. In the end, he wasn't the one who left.
Two chapters today, because I'm two days behind on the prompts ;)
A memory niggled at the back of his mind.
"Not really, no. Never much of a jewelry person, to be honest."
“Maybe a reservation got cancelled, and the fact that we got this particular table is nothing but a coincidence.”
“Uncle Rudy,” Sherlock whispered, holding John’s hand in a death grip. “I never knew any of this. I wasn’t aware that he owned more than his property in Essex.”
Just before John gently pulled away, Sherlock’s fingers brushed against something smooth and cool. He looked down and saw a plain band of gold adorning John’s left ring finger. Sherlock’s stomach did a dance.
ancestor, but close enough.”
Maybe Mycroft hadn’t been completely honest with John. Maybe this really
“I… “ Sherlock glanced at his watch. “January 29th?”
“If you knew Harry had passed, why didn’t you reach out to me? That was six months ago.”
“I would think that would be obvious.”
“Of course I do. Mrs Hudson wouldn’t leave for the holidays without making sure 221b was properly festive, now would she?”
“Giggles under control?”
It was
but it was a near thing. He did inhale when he meant to exhale, and spent an entire minute clearing his lungs.
“No experiments!”
"It's too bad, though."
“Anyway, it was lovely. And then you surprised me today with a stakeout, a rooftop chase, and then dinner here at Angelo’s. Two perfect days, right in a row! Arranged by the two people I love most in this world. Are you sure you two weren’t in cahoots the entire time? Because it seems almost too perfect.”
Reverently, he reached in and brought forth from the white tissue paper a thick, leather-bound notebook. His fingers traced the symbol engraved into the glossy brown cover: the insignia of the Royal Army Medical Corps. Underneath it were the words: A Soldier, and a Doctor.
John groaned. “Why? Surely he could just do a group text thing on our phones.”
Long before they became an item, there was a word Sherlock tended to say in such a way that frequently resulted in instant arousal on John’s part. Nothing turned John on more than having that word addressed to him in Sherlock’s rich, deep, chocolate-smooth voice:
Sherlock closed his eyes. “Eurus?”
John spent the next two days fairly sure that he had ruined everything. He should never have taken Sherlock up on his offer. He had no doubt that Sherlock could keep everything compartmentalized, but John couldn’t. Not when it came to Sherlock Holmes. He had been in love with his flatmate for so long, that there had never been a question of John turning Sherlock down. It was like offering him the chance to walk the battlefield again, maybe even wander onto a minefield. John never could resist the danger.
“Nervous, Doctor?” Sherlock asked, curious.
And here, Sherlock gave a loud groan.
“I don’t know about all that. Maybe it happened, maybe it didn’t. She was probably asking for it. Look at the way she dresses for God’s sake! She’s definitely not acting like someone who loved the father, though, that’s for sure," Bob said, as if offended.
“Just read the manual. You do very well with instructions.”
“So it’s a result of your ‘experiment’,” John said, his grip firm around his cock.
“It’s just a little deeper than I thought. All that means is that I won’t be able to make the shallow cuts that I’d planned. And you’ll need stitches. That’s all.”
Mrs H
“Now, will you scream for me? Beg me to suck you? Tell me how much you want me?” John asked, then resumed sucking Sherlock down until he’d reached the back of his throat and John swallowed around Sherlock’s head.
“Are you sure, John? You’re not a young man anymore, you told me so yourself,” Sherlock’s smile had turned into a grin. He was watching the clock. Ninety seconds. Plenty of time, he thought.
“Yeah! Better hurry back so you can carry your boyfriend’s cock around for him!”
— MH”
Sliding his hand firmly down his shaft, John used Sherlock’s cock to pull him back against his hips.
“And one more thing; pretty sure that my dad’s not a vampire. Saw him in the daylight more than once. Hell, he had a day job. This has been very entertaining though. Good story.”
Sex and plotting.
“What do you think they’re saying?” Asked Lestrade, watching as they moved out of hearing.
“You need a place to live. I have an empty bedroom just begging for an Omega to move in.”
“Still hurts.” Sherlock complained.
Sherlock turned his head slightly and gave John an angry glare.
“Not a problem,” John assured him.
“Yes. You might want to knock the next time,” said Sherlock.
“So…you’ll work somewhere else then?” Sherlock said, worriedly.
Sherlock colored and looked away.
John’s mother and father made a very rare and reluctant, visit to his school. He didn’t know or care what had happened; the beatings at school had stopped immediately afterwards and that was one less daily beating to take.
“How. What does it look like?” Moran said, somewhat abashed.
“Lestrade! He’s getting away!” The man yelled over his shoulder as he chased the man ahead of him.
“That cocksucker nicked it again!”
“I think that you can handle swapping the blood out from here, idiot,” Becca said, shouldering her purse.
“I imagine that must be painful. You’ve got to be rock hard by now. Bursting at the seams, as it were.”
“Just humor me. On the one in a million chance that I can pin you and fuck you, give me your safe word.”
John paused in the act of pulling his jumper over his head, shoulders slumped, he heaved a heavy sigh and said, “Sorry.”
"Get...ahhh...GET OUT!" Sherlock yelled.
Four Hours Later
“Just tell me, Mycroft.”
“John, you’re hurt!” Sherlock exclaimed.
John heard whispering again. Realization dawning, he rapped on the door firmly, demanding;
“Yes. I’m an awful person. Come on. Let’s get you back to bed.”
“I know that you’re a kind man with strong morals. You’re a doctor and very caring individual. I know that you were a surgeon in the army but were invalided out after being shot in your shoulder. I’m not quite sure where you served though. Afghanistan or Iraq?”
“Yes, sir,” Sally said angrily and stalked off.
“Oh, god,” Sherlock moaned.
“Feeling better, I take it? Well, I guess I’ll just leave the splinter in then, shall I?” John said, holding the container with the implements that he required to perform the procedure.
“Is this a trick to see how long I’m willing to stare at your hard cock because I’m not impressed. Already seen it. A LOT.”
“Yes. Yes! Just don’t be disappointed when it takes longer for me to come. In fact, I might not come at all but this is nice. What are you doing?”
Sherlock startled awake with a sudden intake of breath. He rubbed his eyes sleepily and gazed back at John expectantly.
“Easy, sweetheart. I don’t want to hurt you,” John was using every bit of willpower he had to keep from shoving his cock in all at once. Even though John had cheated and used glamour to move things along, he still wanted Sherlock’s first time to be good. Being unable to walk afterwards was not good and so he took his time easing in until he was fully seated in Sherlock’s snug heat.
“Good morning, John,” Sherlock, leaning down to kiss him.
“What? Your penis or the word.”
“Probably because of this very reaction,” John said. “Although I thought for sure that you’d heard of it before. You’re always doing “research”, aren’t you?”
“Ah, you noticed my face!”
“Sally said that it was an old woman.”
“Text me with any information that you get and if that mad man’s caught the suspect, take him into custody and tell Sherlock that I’d like to speak to him.”
“Well, what do expect? Without meds, I’m not going to improve. And here the Mistress keeps going on and on about how smart you are. If you weren’t a man and a passing fancy of something unobtainable, I might be forced to slice up that beautiful face of yours,” Becca said, showing the scalpel she held in one hand.
“Ok. ‘Moron’ it is!”
“Just lay here? I can do that. Going back to sleep now.”
“Haven’t I said yes a million times already? YES! Do it! Don’t do it! I don’t care, just don’t stop fucking me! I need it. I want you inside me so badly. I’ve never felt this way about anyone before. I need your cock. I want to feel you rip me in two. Please. I’m begging you. Fuck me!”
“Why don’t you leave early?” Sebastian asked reasonably.
“Obviously,” John sighed, biting his lower lip.
“Not only do you want me to bite you, you actually asked me to do it, didn’t you?”
“Sounds like complete shite to me,” said Sherlock.
The pub owner looked at the door behind him, briefly stricken until he realized that it was a joke; he still had a full staff of servers inside.
It was going to be miserable until Sherlock had him back in 221B, hale and hearty or at least walking under his own steam.
“That’s it? You have nothing to say about the fact that I was able to come by thought alone?” Sherlock huffed.
“That’s right, and…”
“Bloody buggering fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!” John yelled as he whipped the covers off, slammed his feet into his slippers and stomped his way to where Sherlock sat, still focused on his lap.
“I am. I am. I’m yours, John. Always. All ways. Yes! Fuck me! Yes!! YES!!”
“A cock when you’re awake and a cock when you’re asleep. No matter the amount of drugs you’ve been given. Your resistance is amazing actually and if you remember that, I’ll call you a liar.” He pulled up the covers tucking them gently around Sherlock.
“Without lube, Sherlock. Without anything. Spit, petroleum jelly, lotion, nothing. I can’t do that to you.”
“I have a serious question for you. Are you listening?”
Mr Watson dragged John by the collar out into the stairwell where Harriet was already waiting. She watched with barely suppressed glee as their father swung John closer and closer to the top of the stairs. Now came her part.
“It will work eventually.”
“How can Sherlock have a brother? I thought that Dhamphirs could only be created by a vampire having sex with a human woman.”
“I hear you alright too bad I have a terrible memory. Hopefully I can retain all of your threats,” Moriarty smiled like a cat who’d gotten into the cream.
“The freak shot you?!” Sally said a little too gleefully if John was any judge and right now he probably wasn’t the best judge of anything.
“That’s what I thought,” John replied, sliding to the hilt in one smooth glide.
“‘Fuck me?’” John asked, wanting to make sure he had this clear.
John began kissing his way down Sherlock’s body stopping for a suckle of his nipple. Sherlock entire body tensing.
Harry shoved the door to the pub open with a little more force than necessary and got a round of “Oi!s” for her trouble.
“John’s special and I don’t need your excuses. Just don’t let it happen again. Especially with Doctor Watson. Are we clear?”
Sherlock woke up to bright sunshine and John Watson looking at his face.
“Imbeciles? Are you talking about the cops at New Scotland Yard?”
“Then just take yourself down to the chemist and get more.” John replied, annoyed.
Life at school was so much worse that John laid low to avoid Lawrence and his friends. He had no confidants - why bother when Lawrence would only scare them away or worse; turn them against John. He was so alone but he was used to it by now and thought that was how it was supposed to be.
“Well, I want to fuck you. Right now. Right now, Sherlock.”
“The main reason being that I’m not gay,” John said firmly.
We entered the bathroom and Sherlock checked the cabinet; nothing.
“I also happen to be looking for a flatmate and have a spare bedroom.”
“I took your temperature. You have a fever,” John said.
“Mine too,” John gave Anderson a knowing gaze.
“The great thing about a Port is that you can use a needle to inject something directly into it or you can plug in an IV when a continuous flow is needed. These things are great.
“On a quick pass I’d say that the foot in his mouth meant that he said something he shouldn’t have and the chicken shears are obvious.”
“Where are you going?!” Sherlock yelled at John’s retreating back.
My my mouth went dry and I suddenly found it difficult to swallow.
“Is that morgue humor?” Sherlock asked, perplexed.
After the addition of a third and final finger, John continued digitally fucking Sherlock for what seemed to be an unnecessarily long amount of time.
There was a reason she’d picked this pub. She knew her da came here after work and boy did she have a story to tell him. She couldn’t wait!
“You said that you wouldn’t hurt me!!” Anderson wailed!
“Now, you rest your eyes, sweetheart. I’ll make sure nothing happens to you, trust me. And I brought a nice book to read while I’m waiting.”
“Doesn’t sound like nothing.”
“Just how long can it possibly take one person to drink a cup of tea?” Sherlock asked in exasperation.
‘Dammit!’ Sherlock thought, haphazardly shoving the mobile back into his jacket. He slowed his walk just enough to stay out of John’s range while still keeping him within eyesight. It wouldn’t change the fact that John already knew that he was out there but it wasn’t going to stop Sherlock from following him home either.
“What did I just tell you?” John grabbed the thumb of Anderson’s hand that was still against his chest, and twisted it around forcing Anderson’s wrist to buckle and the tendon to pull taught. No damage but painful enough to stop someone temporarily.
“Well. Ta. Ok. I am but it’s just a fleeting thought. It’s good masturbation material. The idea of being able to make you come with just a word.”
“I…I like it, John.” Sherlock said, pain clear in his voice.
“Now, about that injection…just leave it by the bed for me and I’ll give it to him myself after he’s rested awhile. You wouldn’t want to disappoint me, now, would you?”
“I’m Mycroft Holmes. Sherlock’s older brother. He’s sent me here to talk some sense into you although clearly that’s a waste of time, as I expected.”
“John! John Watson! Good to see you! I guess you were in your own world! You walked right by the bench I was sitting on.”
Sherlock didn’t need to be told twice and instantly had his entire body blanketing John’s with John’s cock caught between their bodies.
“Fine. I’ll have some. I shouldn’t have let you win.”
"What, unh, oh, yes, did you say?" Sherlock asked between moans.
“There are a lot of things that I don’t know about you. What’s one more.”
“And I’m leaving for work so you’ll either wait for five hours until I pick up the patches for your majesty, or you’ll get your lazy arse off that couch and get them yourself!”
“Going to kill you one…day…”
“Thanks. I might just need all of these.” John said, opening two packets at a time and dumping them quickly into his cup, taking a sip after each addition. By the end, he’d added six packets of sugar before the coffee was remotely drinkable and even then, he was forcing himself not to make a face.
“Let’s talk about your work,” John said, reaching out and unbuttoning Sherlock’s trousers.
Greg had his fist raised to knock when there was a crash followed by some rather creative cursing by Doctor Watson. Greg looked at Mycroft and said;
John stood fully naked in the doorway admiring Sherlock for a few minutes. He was such a beautiful man and John felt lucky that they’d found each other. He loved Sherlock with all his heart. He shook himself. No time for that now. He was working!
“He’s just about killed John Watson and I need your help if we’re get him to pull through.”
"Why indeed. Ooh," Sherlock said on a sigh. I had reached around, and grasping his silk robe, wrapped it around his cock and began rubbing it up and down his cock. It felt deliciously sinful, so much silky material covering such a firm cock.
“There. You did it again!” John suspected that he might be a little slap happy at this point. He was dead on his feet, arguing with Sherlock about cock puns. He started to leave but pivoted on his heel immediately.
“If you want to add sixty more strokes, I will enjoy it,” Sherlock got out.
“Just stay down. The numbness should be wearing off any second now. You’re going only going to wind up there again anyhow.”
“OOH! Sherlock! I’m going to come! I’m coming!”
“Can you breathe ok?” John asked.
“Sherlock ran him down.”
Forty years ago, record keeping wasn’t automated and Harriet had had the baby in a Catholic hospital which was scandalous enough for an unmarried woman. So when it came time to sign the birth certificate, everyone looked the other way as Bob and Elizabeth signed their names and ages to it. Not one person questioned it. That’s how these things were handled, after all.
John heads to the morgue at 3:30am to examine the body. Sherlock doesn't think that anyone will be there at that hour of the night. Surprise!
Jim's high on John.
His voice low and filled with menace, John said;
“Ok. I’m in,” John said excitedly.
“It’s not luck. It’s all skill, baby,” John said, tightening his fingers around Sherlock’s cock. Using that tightness, he simulated penetration by creating resistance as he slowly slid his hand down to the root and back up again.
Another unfortunate thing was that the nun teaching first grade math had also taught Harriet and knew the truth behind John’s birth. She made him sit in the front row and asked him the first question every day but he was always so terrified, he couldn’t think of the correct answer. She beat him for being wrong daily until it came to the point where John screamed and cried and refused to go to school. He'd rather take his beatings at home than in front of schoolmates who only laughed at him. Since this was NOT normal behavior for John, they knew something was wrong, although Harriet was just amused.
“It’s all just a waste of time. My penis is so swollen, I don’t think that I can come anyway.”
“Where should I start?”
— MH”
“I don’t know…”
“It always surprises me that you’re such a romantic.”
“Well, I was really on my way to look at a possible flat share,” John demurred. He didn’t want to admit that he was going to therapy. It embarrassed him. “London is an expensive place to live, especially on a government pension. Not to mention the fact that I’m looking for a job, but…” and here John held up his left arm indicating his injury.
“Oh. Almost forgot. If you guys could quit masturbating at my crime scenes, I’d appreciate it,” Lestrade said with a wave. “Ta. Come on, Anderson. We need to have a chat.”
“Anything…” Sherlock sighed.
“What? What do you see?” John asked nervously.
I don’t know if you realized this but the last word on your text came over scrambled. I thought that I should let you know in case there is something wrong with your phone.
“Oh. Um. Congratulations?” The bartender, Will, replied nervously. This was definitely NOT a happy occasion for John.
“I said that I’d like you to move in with me.” Sherlock repeated, soundly slightly annoyed at having to repeat himself.
“JESUS!”
“Oh! Is that all.”
"Forgot he was still there," Sherlock said.
John can be VERY persuasive.
“What? Oh. Yes. I mean, no. It’s surprisingly very pleasant. Although my erection is so firm, I don’t know what you expect to accomplish.”
“How can you NOT know it? I could smell him from a block away. Not an old death but not exactly a fresh death either. Look at the way that blood is still bright red on his white shirt collar, the not quite coagulated blood on his neck…”
They lay together afterwards, panting, trying to get their breath back. John hugged Sherlock tight to his chest.
"Obnoxious? You do it all the time," I complained.
“There, see?!” Sherlock said triumphantly.
‘Crazy bitch. That’s a female Moriarty if ever I saw one.’
“Take your hand off me.”
“That it’s disgusting and London is a lot different than when I left 16 years ago.”
“I planned you being a dumb arse and getting a splinter rammed up you back? Really Sherlock? You’re reaching.”
“Oh. There’s a saying that goes something along the lines of ‘A stiff prick has no conscience. Now if you wouldn’t mind. The clock’s ticking and all.”
“Stop that,” Sherlock slurred, weakly trying to push her hand away.
“I’m going to have to move you onto your back again, John. Let’s can see if elevating your legs helps the situation at all. Otherwise, I’m having a gurney sent up here and taking you to A&E. Ok?” When John didn’t respond, Sebastian turned him gently on his back, arranging the pillows. He stepped back to look at John’s pale face, his eyes shut tight with pain.
The usual: Unedited. Not Brit-Picked.
Mind your own business and get off of my phone Mycroft before I tell mummy to expect you this weekend for a long mother/son visit.
“Really, and in, what? Something around 15 hours you know my life story? What riveting piece of information could you possibly have that I don’t already know?”
“And I’m rich. Filthy rich. I’d actually draw more attention if I behave in a - how should I put this - flamboyant manner. Hiding in plain sight, as it were.” Moriarty laughed again.
“What’s to keep me from contacting Scotland Yard right now and turning you in?”
Moriarty’s Safe House
“Oh. Sherlock’s a menace alright. Even to himself. His older brother, Mycroft, worries about him constantly.” Lestrade said, taking another drink of his second beer of the night. John was making due with scotch. Beer wasn’t going to touch the pain that he was in and Lestrade was buying so…
“Ah, yes. Well, Holi is a celebration of life which, this, most certainly was not.”
“I’m very observant…”
“No,” Sherlock said, taking a sharp right into a nearby alley.
“Leaving.”
“Proceed.”
“I’m afraid that I can’t promise that, John.”
“Can I please have my mobile? This case is a six, possibly a seven and I haven’t had anything interesting to do in weeks.”
“Well, aren’t you the stubborn one,” John said in something that sounded close to awe.
“Look. A week and a half ago, I’d never even heard of a Dhamphir much less Sherlock Holmes. Not to mention the fact that vampires exist! With as much time as he spends in the morgue, you’d think that I might have met him before now.”
“No. I don’t. I was just really thirsty and you know it’s been years since I’ve had Dhamphir! And a 40 year old Dhamphir classic is quite a find. Forgive me?” Jim asked, batting his eyelashes at Moran.
“She’s never been run over by a speeding locomotive, I take it.” John said.
“I know,” Sherlock said smugly.
Yes, yes. I'm a terrible writer putting out an unbeta'd fic that's potentially filled with mistakes. If that bothers you, don't read it. If it DOES bother you, complain to someone else who cares and don't harsh my buzz, man.
“No. I won’t be forcing my feet into your rectum. I have to draw the line somewhere.”
“I won’t need a safe word,” Sherlock said pompously.
“Why? I instigated it.”
“I wanted you to…oh god…”
“’That area?’ What does he specialize in?” Sherlock asked.
“I have your room and you, until tomorrow morning. We’ll talk to Irene about the situation then. But, if you really wanted to stay, I’m sure…”
The more I heard, the angrier I got. Unfortunately, I have a terrible temper and I’d heard one giggle too many. Enough bragging.
‘Oh. That sneaky bastard!’ John thought, the quirk of his lips the only indication that he was amused. If there was one thing that John had learned about Sherlock in the short amount of time that he’d known him it was this; he knew how to work a situation to his advantage and as loathe as John was to admit it, he admired how Sherlock always managed to obey instructions while simultaneously working a way around them to accomplish whatever his goal of the moment was.
Sherlock slowly opened his eyes and looked around blearily. It felt like a lot longer than one day had gone by. He looked at he iPhone.
Same Tuesday
Tuesday
Sincerely,
“Where is who?” Moran asked, acting confused.
“Fine. Would you like to talk to her?”
Moriarty’s Safe House
I'll fuck you face down,
“Yes. Honestly, the last employee only followed through because he’d dared number four to give it a go. Unfortunately, his trade was that, should number four be unsuccessful, he was up next. Not negotiable.”
“It’s different in that, my character wants to hurt you…”
“No. You are not shoving anything in my rectum today. My arse is still burning from that figging you talked me into the other night.”
“That’s hardly my fault. My brother is an over protective nuisance.”
“No?” Mycroft asked.
"Sorry," John said, already two fingers deep in Sherlock.
John patted around the blankets, peered under the pillows but still no iPad. He sighed in frustration.
“Often,” John said, giving a brief laugh.
“Ok,” John said, removing his hands from Sherlock’s person.
Sherlock had tried to arrange an interview but the only way that Watson would see him was as a customer. Fortunately, Irene hadn’t yet cleared the dead men from Doctor Watson’s schedule. She ‘gave’ Sherlock four 15 minute units of the victims’ time so that he could have enough time for a fairly decent interrogation.
“Penis naming?”
“Besides, there are no rules about sexuality when it comes to vampires and Dhamphirs. Your Soul Mate is your Soul Mate so you just need to stop acting like a child and get over it.”
“Yes, dear, I know,” Mycroft said to no one in particular.
Not beta'd. Not brit-picked. Pretty sloppy all around.
“So that I won’t hurt my hand…obviously.” John smile widened.
“Don’t keep me waiiiiting!” Moriarty said in a sing song manner.
“Is this ok? Am I hurting you?”
“Better to be thorough,” Sherlock replied innocently.
“No…but still…I’ll figure it out, Sherlock and when I do…”
“My orgasm. It refuses to cooperate. I can’t come. It’s stuck.”
“Alright. Alright. Leave it, Anderson,” said Lestrade.
“And do what with it?”
“Just kidding. I was fairly certain that you’d be pleased. And, were you? Pleased?” Sherlock asked with a sultry smile.
“I don’t drink!” Sherlock sputtered.
“I don’t need your help. I just want to get home as quickly as possible.”
Spreading Sherlock’s cheeks, John gave a kiss to each one on either side, he traced his way to Sherlock’s hole with his tongue. Upon reaching his destination, he began placing butterfly kisses directly on his hole interspersed with lightly sucking at the edges.
“Good,” John said, wrapping his lips around Sherlock’s cock and sucking him into the back of his throat.
“It’s ah…it’s coming back to me.”
John leaned forward in rapt attention.
“Course, it might become a bit more uncomfortable once I begin dilating your anus until you’re open enough to easily receive my fist. Can’t be helped though. Needs must, and all that.”
Carefully perusing the bill, Sherlock found everything to be in order and tipped the man.
“Isn’t Captain Watson left handed?” Asked Kinsey.
“Nothing. Nothing. I just felt a sudden chill. Thank you for making love to me.”
“There. Even! Now for the champaign,” John said, walking over to fill two glasses, returning to sit beside Sherlock on the bed,
“It was a combination drug. You haven’t noticed that you’re been becoming more and more tired?” John asked.
Sighing, John set his paper down on the kitchen table and resigned himself to listening to Sherlock’s latest idea.
John, who had been shifting on the balls of his feet, preparing his attack, suddenly stood stock still, giving Sherlock an angry glare.
Suddenly, without further warning, John plunged his fangs into Sherlock’s femoral artery, drinking deeply.
“Sherlock. You may feel like you know John from reading his file but he doesn’t know you at all. One day? Really? That case was a four at best. You just wanted an excuse to actually spend the day with him. Taking someone to see a dead body is not exactly a date, brother mine.”
“That’s it. Don’t get yourself all excited. Have some water and cool down,” John said, tipping the bottle up forcing more water into Sherlock.
“Really? What if I told you to lie on your back and spread your legs?”
John began squeezing the handle of the speculum, slowly ratcheting it open. This wasn’t done to limit any discomfort for Sherlock. John was so turned on just watching Sherlock be mechanically opened for his use that he wanted to savor it. Savor using Sherlock without a care for his comfort.
“What about tunnels? Many hospitals have underground tunnels that they use to transport patients to and from surgery so that they’re out view of the public.” Sherlock asked desperately.
“You were fucking me,” Sherlock said a little breathlessly.
“Please. And I shall call you John.”
“Yes. You do. You’re obviously low on cash.”
“I did NOT run him down. He shouldn’t have been there.”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea, Jim,” Moran said hesitantly. He knew that there was a good chance that this “suggestion” wasn’t going to go over well.
Sherlock inhaled sharply.
Sebastian Moran’s Flat
**Just clean up. Nothing new to see here.**
“I’m going to crush that baby right out of you!” Harry was 19 and a strong Alpha. It took one shove to get John onto the floor and she held him down with her foot on his abdomen pressing harder and harder until John cried out in pain.
“I’m aware that you’ve seen at least one of the notes that Moriarty has left for Sherlock…” Mycroft began.
“Well, you see,” and here Moriarty proceded to rip open and dump several packets of sugar onto their table only to begin drawing pictures in them.
“‘Rules?” What rules? And how the hell does he know what or who I’m in the middle of? And how the hell did he get my number. Fuck that. How does he even know who I am?”
Moriarty is introduced.
Sherlock watched as John entered his building giving a sigh of relief. Although he’d prefer to actually walk with John rather than following him, at least this way he could still keep an eye on him. Still. Something felt wrong. Why hadn’t Moriarty made a move? Something was coming and Sherlock was determined to be ready for it.
John placed another kiss on Sherlock’s shoulder and waited for him to continue.
“No, John. What?”
“Just a few more.”
“Oh. Right. Fine then.”
“Don’t worry about what?”
Removing his fingers, John sat back and gave his once again hard cock, a few strokes with his lubed hand, and groaned.
They’d all been regular customers of Irene Adler’s brothel [see None Given for background] which was de rigueur among the young ton and homosexuality was in vogue now - you had to be ‘seen’ at Irene’s brothel to be considered one of the movers and shakers in society.
“Yes, John.” Sherlock replied, surprisingly meek.
“None taken. I can’t believe that Sherlock agrees with my assessment either,” John laughed.
“Fine.”
“I just answered that one! No. Silver cannot harm you. Let’s get back to the Soul. What do you think it means?”
“Doctor Watson was willing to take that chance? Wasn’t he worried about getting hurt?”
“You heard Lestrade. Go.” John said.
John unexpectedly pushed through the glass doors ‘early’, a big smile on his face, and immediately began the walk home without once checking his environment. He hadn’t felt this lighthearted in awhile. Maybe he would ask for a few days off while things were slow.
“Never. Until now. It feels like a dare.”
Although Harriet had been saying the same thing all along, Elizabeth had hoped that once she saw the child, she’d change her mind. Obviously that wasn’t going to happen. At least, not any time soon.
“Yes. We told him about the miscarriage and the hysterectomy. He actually handled that better than the idea of visitors for some reason.” The doctor said, giving Mrs Watson a knowing look.
“Mycroft and I are getting married and we’d like it if you’d both stand up with us at the ceremony…what the bloody hell…”
“What type of work are you looking for?”
“Well, yes…”
“What’s the problem then? We’ve participated in each other’s fantasies before and most times they’ve been quite…invigorating.”
"You know what? None of my business. I'll just be going now," Lestrade said, doorknob in hand as he slowly backed away.
Month One
“Obviously, I don’t.”
“Suh…suh...oh, the same.”
“A rooftop?”
“Sherlock, she accepted you the way you are, warts and all. You’re only going to make yourself sick going on like this. What if you’d done this differently? What if you’d done that differently? The end result would still be the same. You can’t go back and change it no matter how much you wish you could. She was 84. She had a good life.” John said, stepping forward and using a thumb to catch one of the tears that was silently falling down Sherlock’s cheek.
“You two idiots have just about killed this man. If his pulse was any slower, he’d be going back in time which would be better than what you two numbskulls have been doing ‘taking care’ of him. No. Just. Don’t say anything. My car’s right out in front, the perks of parking in London after six. Go down and fetch me the machine that warms blood. Unless you’ve left the blood out on the counter? I wouldn’t put it past you, Moron,” Becca said looking at Sebastian seriously.
“I thought so. Don’t worry, it won’t hurt,” John said, tracing the artery with a finger.
“I just told you. I need to talk to Doctor Grant…”
They’d hidden the entire pregnancy. Had her drop out of school as soon as she started to show. Never let her leave the house. No doctor visits. No friends over either. Bob didn’t believe the lie that Harriet had been raped. That little slut slept around and he knew it.
“Tell me a story…”
“What did you do with that iPad?” John asked.
“Well, we’ll just see about that! I’m not going to have John and his brat bleeding us dry.” No mention of Harriet moving out although she was nearing her 20th birthday. She’d yet to begin looking for a job much less helping to  support the family. Living rent free, she was daddy’s little girl who could do no wrong.
“Someone’s watching. I can feel it…”
When they’d exhausted those stories, they began to go further back in time and although it was from four different perspectives, they all had a common theme; sexual assault. They had an uncanny knack for finding men who for whatever reason, wouldn’t or couldn’t report them.
“Oh. I still get to work?” John said sarcastically to Mycroft’s retreating back.
"Oh! You mean this thing? 'I've broken some arbitrary military rule and I deserve to be punished. Fuck me, Captain Watson!'
“Very, with the occasional matter of life and death situation. What do you say?”
“Sex. And lots of it! None of this one pump chump stuff. Fuck me like you mean it.”
"More than ok," he sighed as I added another finger.
He spontaneously squeezed some down Sherlock’s cleft. Sherlock was so gone by now that he didn’t even complain.
St Bart’s Lab/Morgue
“You liked it too, didn’t you?”
“‘Something’? Well, thanks for that,” John said with a smile.
“Ooh! Look! Sherlock’s already here! That was fast, even for him. He must have been at St Bart’s, dissecting eyeballs or some other waste of time. Honestly, he needs me. His life is so pointless and boring!”
He’d let Mycroft know what he was doing, of course. Wouldn’t do to hurt one of the men guarding John just because they got into Sherlock’s way. Mycroft had texted back one word:
“Called police?” Sherlock asked.
“Tomorrow John. Tomorrow.”
“No offense but you’ve shown no proof of your identity other than your license and…” John began.
“That’s alright. Just don’t let it happen again. No hard feelings?” John held his hand out but Anderson just kept his hands in his pocket.
“I hope they will too,” John said under his breath.
“Woah, woah, woah. Tranquilizer, remember?” John said, rushing to Sherlock’s side and wrapping an arm around his waist, steadying him.
“Alright, sweetheart,” John agreed and they slowly walked into Sherlock’s bedroom letting the door swing shut behind them.
“Your flat was further away and you seemed to be taking the news of your history poorly.” Sherlock said matter of factly.
John pulled back, looked into Sherlock’s eyes and said;
“I’M GOING TO KILL YOU, JOHN!”
John still has one pesky keyword to figure out. One more chapter and it's over. I hope that you're enjoying this bit of fluff.
Sweetest Sherlock,
“I gave him some pain medication. The incision site is bothering him. It’s one of the opioids with the flavor you enjoy so much.” Moran said, eager to please, as always.
“That’s Mycroft, alright. Would you please do me the favor of getting into his vehicle. I fear that I’ve mucked things all up and he would probably be the better choice to explain things to you.” Sherlock admitted begrudgingly.
"Are you ready?" I asked but I'd already entered him completely before he could answer and he moaned.
“There is someone…”
“And what would that be, pray tell?”
“I hear that you’re looking for a flatmate,” Sherlock said, surprising John with the non sequitur.
“What an pointless demonstration of your talents. What’s next? Having them set the building on fire with them still inside? I’m not impressed. I have the same capabilities. You. Are. Wasting. My. Time.” Sherlock said, annoyed.
Glancing at Sherlock's current position, John grinned, and said, "Oh. I know. Tarts!" He said smacking Sherlock's arse.
“That’s great! You’re always so busy. It’ll be nice for you to have a break, I think.”
“I took a long nap against my will.” Sherlock said bitterly.
“Sherlock met Moriarty …for coffee? He never told me that.” Mycroft said, flabbergasted.
“Becca,” Irene placated. “You know that my heart and…other bits, belong only to you. Still, a three way? Four way if Doctor Watson insists,” Irene said, semi-seriously.
“Sebastian. Hey. Thanks for the coffee earlier. As usual,” John added with a smile.
“Oh Jaaaack! Jack!” Moriarty bent down and yelled in John’s ear startling him into slowly opening his eyes again.
“I really shouldn’t…” Sherlock began.
“Ok,” John replied, not quite believing Sherlock.
“Care to take this to the bedroom?” John asked, a little shyly.
“John…”
“I’d hate to have to kill you but I’d hate it even more to allow someone else to have you. We would be great together. How can you not see that?”
“Well, I’ll really have to think about it and get back to you,” Becca said, leaning over to casually lick her lover’s nipple and give it a quick suck.
“Makes sense, I guess. Well, what about that last one? Just looks like plain old ivy to me.” John said.
“Why the hell are you calling me? It’s been decades since I’ve seen or heard from you and I’ve enjoyed every minute of it, you useless piece of shit,” Harriet all but screamed into the phone.
“I’m sure. I’m going to sleep now. Goodnight, mum.” John said and closed his eyes.
“Ah HAH! How about this one? I KNOW you can do this one!” Sherlock crowed triumphantly.
“Back!” Sebastian was weilding another syringe.
"Uh huh. GO!" John said, and both started shaking their fists again.
Fifteen minutes later…
“Ok. I think I’m good now,” Sherlock said with a wiggle of his arse on John’s cock.
“So, you’re a virgin.”
“You’re probably right. I didn’t even realize that this was a long weekend. I would have probably shown up right on time Monday evening and then been cross with myself for not paying attention. Thanks for that and thank you for the coffee,” John said, saluting Sebastian with his cup before taking a sip. Vending machine coffee was horrible but it made their impromptu chats a bit more comfortable while getting to know each other.
“He’s the oldest employee here by at least 10 years. He’s 39 and has become a de facto father figure of sorts, to the staff. He provides a shoulder to cry on as well as seeing to any minor health issues that they might have. All of this was unasked. He just jumped right in. He enjoys helping people.” Irene said without irony.
Wednesday
“No. You want it, come get it,” John said, snapping his thighs back together like a vice.
“How…”
The sound of Velcro being removed was jarring in the relative quiet of the room but neither man noticed or, if they did, cared.
Sherlock just stared at him as if that was the oddest thing he’d ever heard, then he shivered all over and said;
"Get well soon, I have plans for you."
“Looks like you’re losing in the most injured category. And you cheat! I’m very disappointed in you. Disappointed but very happy.”
“At first they were unhappy because his contract is  Oral Sex Only. You can imagine how well that news was received.”
“I’m sorry, Sherlock. We’ve looked at all of the video and found nothing out of the ordinary. We haven’t been able to figure out how they got him out of there.”
“Here. Turn around,” John said, placing his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders and forcibly turning him until his back was pressed against the wall.
John felt sticky and really didn’t want to go home like that so he agreed; Sherlock followed. John sighed beginning to pull his clothes off yet again.
“Oh! Right! I should call him! He can come in a taxi and make sure that you get home ok,” Sebastian suggested anxiously.
“’Think of me.’”
“John. You’ve been lied to all of these years. Bob and Elizabeth are your grandparents. Harriet Watson is your mother and I can prove it.”
“Yes, John. I knew that.”
Sherlock wordlessly handed over the mobile.
“I really do appreciate all that you do for me, John,” Sherlock said sincerely.
“I don’t know how you can drink that so fast. I’m half way through and I can’t take it anymore,” John said, putting the lid back on and pushing the cup a little to the side.
He’d tried to figure out what made Lawrence so special. Everyone doted on him. Even when he did things like throw his toys or knock his plate of food off of the table, they just laughed and said “oh, you!” And proceeded to clean up after him. Lawrence was never held accountable for any of the things he did and John couldn’t understand why.
“Calm down, John. I’m celebrating my upcoming time off and it’s not like I’m going to keep up this level of service. One, you wouldn’t accept it, two, you’d force money on me because you felt guilty, and three, I couldn’t keep up with the expense of doing this five days a week.” Sebastian laughed, handing John his coffee.
“Where are you going?”
“Perks of working in a clinic.”
“Does it hurt to move your fingers?”
“You’re going to regret that,” John said then sank his teeth into Sherlock’s neck, breaking the skin and drawing blood.
“I don’t want that kid and I never want to see him again. You want him, I’ll sign whatever I have to to get rid of him. I don’t need that reminder hanging around my neck for the rest of my life.”
“Occasionally?”
“Don’t be ridiculous, John. That wasn’t your liver!” THUD!
Sherlock, shoulders aching, turned and began bending forward. At the point where he thought that he might fall, John grabbed his hair halting his decent. He arranged Sherlock over his lap so that his head was settled on a pillow while his bottom was pleasantly elevated over John’s thighs.
John paused and said,
“Do you have something to say?” John asked.
“I’ll clean it off when we get home and run it round to the dry cleaner’s. Problem solved.”
Eyes still closed, John murmured;
“No. Your body told me that. Military bearing, tan at the neck and wrists. You’ve obviously been invalided out - against your will - recently. And a doctor too? Interesting.”
“He claims that he’s friends with John and knows nothing of what happened to him after he went home from work. I hope that you can get more out of him than I could although I doubt it. He seems to be a highly motivated liar.” Sherlock said, exiting the open door. He didn’t look back.
“There, much better,” John said, admiring his handiwork. Sherlock’s pants and trousers now rolled down and stuffed beneath the Velcro strap holding his thighs together.
“Oh, John. John. John. John. Do you know what “Mate” means?”
Sherlock, looking indignant at being chastised, still knelt down simultaneously with John, to examine the body.
“No offense but the only thing that I know about you is that your name is Lestrade and that Sherlock is faster than you.”
“I’m going to figure it out,” John whispered.
“Yes you would. Your so excited that you’d let me do anything I’d like to you, wouldn’t you.” John stated.
“Ask me to beat you. I want to hear you beg me for it.”
“I’m apparently 150 years old. Satisfied?”
Eyes squinting into the sunlight, John said; “Why’s it so fucking bright? Jesus! I can barely see!”
"Oh. We play this all the time and Sherlock always loses, don't you, Sherlock," John said, smirking.
“Dhamphir aren’t as easy to catch as Doctor Watson was and…you might lose your leverage with Sherlock Holmes if you kill his mate.”
In which John abuses poor Sherlock's anus.
“Uh huh.”
The genius was constantly getting himself into trouble and the man felt that he finally had a purpose; he’d take care of this genius and protect him from all harm.
“Don’t you think you’d notice if Dhamphirs were disappearing all over the place? Have others gone missing? Have any complained of being attacked? There are always going to be outliers but that doesn’t make us all guilty of crime.”
John stopped what he was doing, threw his scalpel on the tray, ripped his gloves off, turned around, grabbed Sherlock by the lapels of his ridiculous coat, and shoved him against the nearest empty wall.
They headed to the bedroom, hand in hand, and got into bed.
“No sense struggling, John. You’re well and truly caught. Don’t worry, you’ll be asleep soon and won’t even know that you’re in there. Next time you wake up, you’ll already be at our destination.” Sebastian zipped John up until he’d reached the Port.
“No. You won’t,” Sherlock said firmly as he pushed a staggering John Watson through the pub door.
“Do NOT ignore me! I can make your life a living hell!”
“Oh honey. You fell asleep before I’d even finished setting up this IV. Go to sleep now and I’ll be here when you wake up.” Becca said, slowly opening the line so that more sedation pumped into Sherlock as fast as safely possible.
“Given but never received.”
“I rarely make mistakes and I always get what I want, and what I want right now is you, John Watson.”
“Well, no. We still don’t have a suspect, Sherlock. Or did you forget that?” Lestrade asked.
“Well, a high percentage of dead bodies in the morgue are male. Maybe you’ve been comparing yourself to a corpse but I don’t think that’s an appropriate gauge for penis size.”
“Let’s say that you’re not going into heat…,”
“Slang, Gregory? How…common…
“He wanted to talk to me,” Sherlock said cagily.
“Don’t be condescending just because I’ve never heard of any of this stuff before,” John said, annoyed.
“Of course not. I understand why you did what you did. Although I rarely indulge myself, I’ve been known to employ some vigilante justice from time to time. There are occasions were prisons just won’t do,” Sherlock replied.
Oh, he was aware that she was enjoying herself at his expense but he wanted to ask a few more questions before he began the interview. All of this other nonsense was superfluous to the case and he wasn’t interested in discussing it further - no matter what Irene - or his cock - seemed to think.
Sherlock struggled and panted for ten minutes, all without success.
John looked closer to see if he could read the note then leaned back and said, stunned;
