CASTIEL
C-Cas?
You have to eventually.
DEAN!
You didn’t let me finish. You
In me. In Jack. Sam. Your family. There is nothing we can't do, Dean.
CASTIEL
characters!
Dean steps into the darkness, the light from the portal seeming brighter in the endless black. He squares his shoulders, sets his jaw and presses on.
I thought I told you not to get dead again.
I know, he- he prayed to me. Sam, he said he was going to kill himself.
Something shutters behind Dean’s eyes. He forces a smile and gives Castiel his patented “no homo” shoulder pat.
THE EMPTY
Sam pulls the IV out of Dean’s arm. Dean yelps. He uncovers his face to glare at Sam.
he reaches him. He stops suddenly - something is wrong.
I'm coming, Cas. I won't leave you alone in there. Whether we get out or not, I'm not gonna leave you. Not again.
He tapes the tube in place. Sam releases a breath. He hugs Jack tightly.
God, that was embarrassing.
Cas. Castiel, please.
I’m sorry I never stood up for you. It was always you protecting me from him, I never even realised you needed protecting from him too.
of what I said was up for interpretation?
The Empty looks between the machete and Castiel’s face. It roars angrily and then disappears. Castiel deflates, turns around to look at Dean. Dean pulls Cas close, tucks his head into his neck. Cas wraps his arms around Dean’s waist.
Exactly. And so am I. So is Dean. I don’t want you hearing this. Please, just wait outside for two minutes, okay?
Yeah, he couldn’t, so he came and got me.
(See the end of the chapter for
like him, but it's all wrong - it's face breaks into a chilling smile. Dean stumbles backwards.
All over.
(laughing)
At the end of this chapter, there is a flashback involving John and a 16 year old Dean. John uses Dean as bait in a hunt, finds out Dean is into boys, calls him the F slur, and breaks his arm. If that will be triggering to you for any reason, you can stop reading once Sam and Dean say goodnight to each other.
Maybe… pass me that journal, I’ll need to look at the full spell.
a brief torture scene, medical inaccuracies, a whole lot of blood, kinda graphically described medical scene involving needles.
What happened?
You don’t want to leave without me.
THE EMPTY
Dean stretches out his neck. He looks over his shoulder at Castiel and grins.
CASTIEL
You know, Sam, by now you should really know not to ask that of me. Anyways, how we lookin’, Sabrina?
Sam hold the door open for Jack. Before he leaves, he turns to look at Dean and waggles his eyebrows.
think we don’t need you around.
It's okay, Cas. It's already forgotten. Everyone says things they don't mean.
Dean tries to pull away, raising his right fist to strike. The Empty grabs his hand and
Dean…
Leave. Him. Alone.
INT. LIBRARY. THE NEXT AFTERNOON.
What? No, I’m just cold. I shivered.
Cas, I’m about 30 seconds from passing out here. What're you gonna do, carry me?
Dean catches his hand.
What? Why?
He sits Dean down, holds onto his shoulders to steady him with one hand. Cups his cheek with the other, just because he can.
go in there… It's Cas. I have to be the one to do this.
edit: i just realised i accidentally made the NB character a) evil and b) a throwaway but in my defence i forgot i made them nb when i made them evil... anyways my bad
INT. WAR ROOM. MORNING.
What did you just say to me?
I did it to protect you, Dean. The leviathans are still after me, I shouldn't be here. I'm just putting you in danger.
We're not keeping her.
They're going to make it. They have to.
CASTIEL
CASTIEL
Castiel lets go of Dean’s cheek and steps protectively in front of him. He glares at The Empty. Raises the machete.
Okay.
He thinks that- that you don’t need him anymore. He said once you defeat Chuck, he’s going to…
Yeah, can you just… give me a minute with Cas?
CASTIEL
Cas, I don’t have much time - we’re working on a way to get you out of here.
Dean kneels at the spot where Castiel was taken. Thick, viscous black sludge pools on the floor, partially dry. He unscrews the jar and uses the lid to scrape some into the jar. Suddenly, he screws his eyes shut.
Dean shakes his head. A pointed look from Castiel. Dean nods.
I can get it, Dean, it's fine.
After purgatory, when Cas was being… weird. He was being mind controlled by heaven. They made him try to kill me. That must’ve been practise or something.
I always told myself I'd never raise my kid as a hunter.
Bye, Sam.
Amara tells Dean her plan, Jack reminisces on simpler times, and Sam does something that will either go very well or very badly, the author hasnt decided yet.
EXT. STULL CEMETERY. DAY.
i think we're nearing the end of 15x19, now, but i didnt plan this out so who knows where it'll take me. but anyway, as always, i'd love to read any comments you have. even if its criticism. especially criticism actually. just be nice, i'm fragile. also please leave kudos it is my life force.
About half an hour. Try to go back to sleep.
A memory.
R-Remember what?
Castiel rolls his eyes, then scoops Dean up in his arms, with much more effort than it should take for an angel. Dean makes a noise of indignation.
Yeah, it’s me. Cas, what is-?
Ouch.
Let's go home.
CASTIEL
(muffled through his hands)
Slowly, Castiel turns. Dean’s face goes from hopeful to terrified. This isn't Cas. It
Dean walks down the corridor, wiping his eyes. His shoulders hunch in on himself, a tell tale sign that Dean is trying and failing to repress. Castiel runs after him.
CASTIEL
Dean, you're more than capable of handling monsters, but leviathan? If you die because of me-
You won't. Jack, go get the car keys from Dean’s room.
Chuck,
CASTIEL
CASTIEL
to. I'm just gonna slow you down.
CASTIEL
I missed you too.
Hold on, Dean…
INT. THE IMPALA. NIGHT. (FLASHBACK)
CASTIEL
You know I can’t.
CASTIEL
He was trapped in some sort of memory or something. It was… it was awful. I don’t know where the memory even came from but - he killed you. Dozens of you. I think something was forcing him to do it.
(whispering)
(weakly)
im not really vibing with this one if i'm honest.. also im aware cas singing bohemian rhapsody is dumb but a) its funny and b) its something dean would do and cas learned how to be human from dean. Anyways, kudos and comments appreciated!! Sorry if anyones out of character, i've never written for supernatural before. hope yall are staying safe <3 - Dean
You saved me, remember? I'm here, Dean. I'm not leaving.
You will let Dean go or I will-
On it.
I-I said I sprained my arm because you used me as bait. Not because of-
Dean leans in and presses another kiss to Cas’ lips, almost in awe of how easy it is.
CHUCK
THE EMPTY
THE EMPTY
Uh… I don't know, it makes me feel better if I have something to defend myself, I guess.
Which means it came from the entity itself, right? So theoretically, I think I could use it in place of archangel grace, if I tweak a bit of the Enochian incantation.
Castiel’s expression softens. Dean’s face remains stony.
Castiel sits beside Dean, holding his hand up to his lips. His thumb rubs back and forth over the back of Dean’s hand. Sam and Jack sit in the corner, Sam asleep against the wall, Jack asleep against Sam. The colour has returned to Dean's cheeks, his face a relaxed expression. The blood has been cleaned up, but some red streaks remain on his chin. Slowly, Dean opens his eyes.
His heartbeat slowly settled. The blanket’s weight was strangely comforting, warm, trapping him under the covers. Forced to stay still, he felt his limbs slowly relax into the mattress, the tenseness in his shoulders dissipating, his back easing and hands curling loosely along the sheets.
“Well,” Sam said, watching him. “Guess it’s a tie.”
“I like your drawings,” Jack said and the employee looked down at their arms which were littered with tattoos.
“We’re at the beach, Dean,” Cas said over his shoulder, leading Jack to the shore. “The ocean is the main appeal.”
He could’ve crumpled at the lack of confidence in Dean’s gaze. He remembered that look, the way Dean looked at him when he was in the hospital. A mixture of pity, sympathy, repressed anger. As if he couldn’t be openly angry at him, not when Castiel wasn’t himself, when he was wearing loose-fitting clothes others had dressed him in.
“Cas, shut the fuck up—"
Eagerly, Cas took the mug from him and took a large gulp, then coughed. "Ow. It's hot."
“I'm just saying…” Keeping his hand on Dean’s shoulder, he tried to pour everything building inside of him into words. “If it doesn't work, thank you. Thank you for everything.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Tell us and we’ll beat them up for you.”
“I just gave it a chance.” Standing, he brushed Cas’ hair off his forehead, gave him his best
"Look at me what?" Setting aside the pot lid, he scraped the celery he'd been dicing from the cutting board into the pot.
“What’s that?”
They paused in the middle of the junkyard, cars nearly obscuring Bobby’s house, and Dean leaned on the side of a rusted car, crossed his arms. Castiel asked, “How is Sam taking it?”
“Shit. Was your kid, was he a…”
"It's pretty," he said.
“Of course. It’s the least I can do to repay your hospitality. And I won’t stand in the way of true love.” She started to shut her door, then paused, looking at Dean, “And since I seem to be single once again, please tell your brother that he is welcome to visit my kingdom anytime.” With a wink, she shut her door, and Dean stared at it for a moment.
The sound of Benny’s low snoring made Castiel look over his shoulder at his dim shape curled on the ground. “I don’t understand how you can stand him.”
“Jeez, Cas, I’m wounded.” Dean pressed a hand to his chest. “It’s like you don’t even know me.”
He didn’t move, though, and Dean said, “Get on your phone, I’ll call you.”
Castiel took a breath. “I don’t believe He ever anticipated an angel being tainted by Leviathan. They may have vacated my vessel, but they leave traces everywhere they go.”
“If you want,” Castiel said, raising two fingers. “I could send you to sleep.” Perhaps he could knock Benny out for a week, get Dean to the portal without him. At least shut him up for the night.
Cas points to the hosta plant, leaves whispering in a breeze. “Very well. His leaves are the prettiest green in the garden.” He smiles up at Dean. “I think he takes after his namesake.”
“Goddammit, Cas!" He slammed his hand on the steering wheel. Why did Cas have to make everything so goddamn complicated?
“Not all of us. Not all the time. Sam and I just got lucky more times than not.”
“The bloody way.” That much was clear. Blood and dirt streaked Dean’s face, stained his clothing. His eyes flicked over Castiel. “You feeling okay?”
Jack nodded and held out his finger to Cas. "Booboo.” Cas took his tiny hand and kissed his finger.
, he hoped it was an act and not the truth. Hoped Dean was only putting up a front—though, that in itself was frustrating. That, after years of knowing each other, they still had to feign disinterest.
Taking the pie out of the oven, Dean grabbed plates and silverware and headed to the library, hardly knowing what he was doing, just hoping to find Cas. Thankfully, Cas was still there, sitting alone.
Dean was twenty-five when he first saw Cas on a stretch of road fifty-one miles outside of Golden, Colorado, on a sunny afternoon in August of 2004. If anyone asked him, he’d never admit to remembering all those details. But he did.
As he weaved his way through the trees, marveling at the chips in his fingernails and the ripped seams in his trenchcoat, he heard a quick intake of breath, a low swear, and all thoughts halted. Instantly, his blade dropped into his hand.
“You better be,” Bobby muttered. Dean rolled his eyes, placing the DVIR tablet in its holder. “You get to meet up with that Castiel feller?”
Jack turned to watch the rush of kids to the school, his backpack nearly as large as he was. Had the school building always towered over him like that? Dean wondered.
Benny snorted. “Might want to stow the ‘mightier than thou’ talk, angel. Think I’ve done my share of penance out here.”
“No, it’s not like that.” He let out a frustrated noise. “I mean, maybe it sorta started out that way, but not anymore. I don’t know how to explain it.” He paused. “It’s like, yeah, on Earth, I’d be damned before I let a vamp use me as his blood bag. Don’t know how I’d ever explain that to Sam. But here… It’s different, I guess. It ain't wrong. There’s something about this place…” He looked around. “It’s pure.”
Thought this is how Benny kept his wits about him: he had something, someone to believe him. Someone who made him feel less a monster, or rather, not ashamed of his monstrosity. Castiel had that too. Wouldn’t ever lose this feeling for Dean, though he didn’t know its name, knew it only as the ache in his chest, overwhelming urge to protect, to be near, to touch. Didn’t want to name it, didn’t think it wise.
, and Castiel had believed him. Foolish, in hindsight, because Dean seemed to think he’d grow tired of him, seemed to count on it. Castiel didn’t think that could ever happen.
Benny extended his hand, and Castiel took it. “Alright?” he asked, pulling him to his feet.
“He called you?”
The familiarity of it managed to make him smile a little, and he tried to take a deep breath. Something was building in his chest, a pressure made up of words unsaid, feelings he’d never tried to untangle. Wiping his palms on his jeans, he stared out the window at the blur of prairie and road. He realized he was tired of stamping everything down; he wanted to speak and see what came out.
“It’s alright, don’t apologize.”
“Dean—”
“Salt Lake City.”
“It’s good food. It’s called comfort food for a reason.”
It was more than that, though, Dean knew. Cas had rebelled against Heaven to help them. Stuck by their sides for years. If this wasn’t his home, then where else?
He took a step in the direction of the store, and Dean snagged his wrist, tugging him to a stop. “Where do you think you’re going?”
“Over the road?” Castiel nodded and sat on the bed, balancing the bowl on his knees. “You’ll learn all the tricks soon enough,” Dean said, sitting down on the only chair at the table. Reaching over, he pulled a beer from the pack, asked, “You want one?” Castiel nodded and Dean tossed him one, continued, “My uncle and dad both drove. Kinda natural that I fell into it too. How’d you get into it? Driving, I mean?”
“Are there—” He tried to catch his breath. His fingers were intact, no seared flesh. No black substance creeping along his skin, into his mouth and eyes. “Are there more?”
“Okay.” Dean glanced at his watch, relief flooding him. He didn’t know how he was going to get there, but, “Okay. I can be there in a few hours.”
“You know what that means, right?” He shook his head. “He’s
Trying to distract himself, he folded up the bed linens, and then there was nothing to do but sit and wait. Not that he could just sit. Cas’ words echoed in his head, as much as he tried to ignore them.
Long time since he’d gotten to speak to Dean like that, easily. Long time since he’d made Dean smile.
Cas nodded, not meeting his eyes. “I don’t know.” he said quietly. “But if you really think so...”
i post), but this change was a bit more weighty and impacted the plot a little, so just a heads up in case you want to read the updated scene (the one starting with “I almost let you catch up, once.”).
He met his eyes and Castiel finally found his voice, said, “It sounds like you’ve already made your decision.”
“I don’t know who I am,” he whispered to Dean one night, when Dean and Benny slept. The forest seemed to hold its breath around them. “I’d like to find out.”
Benny balled up a napkin and shoved into a fast-food bag laying on the table. “Had to stop to get an axle fixed. I’m gonna have to haul ass to reach Portland by my drop-off date.”
Castiel scowled at him. “I’m just making sure you are who you say you are. That you’re not leading us into a trap.”
He glanced at Cas, who silently studied the ground.
Cas wipes his mouth on his wrist. “Mimi. Next to her is shasta daisy Jordan, marigold Luna, and bee balm Florence.” He points to each in turn, their leaves green and rich, petals vibrant.
“Yup.” Claire pat her jacket pocket. “Good ol’ credit card fraud.”
Cas shifted onto his side and Dean blinked open his eyes to look at him. “I guess I was right all along, wasn’t I?”
Jack moved aside as the crab scuttled past and burrowed into another hole. With a shriek, eyes wide, he pointed at the place where it’d disappeared. “It lives in the sand,” Cas told him, and Jack nodded solemnly, then plunked down in Dean’s lap.
“Hey, you’ve been dragging us through the fire,” Dean told Benny. “Please tell me you know.”
Benny looked a little shocked. “You were ready to spend the rest of your life in here weren’t you?”
“It’s the lesbian flag,” she told him. Cas looked back at them from the front seat, smiling.
He’d tried to be kind yesterday morning when they argued at the motel, tried to accept that Dean was quitting, nothing to do about it. Maybe it was his fault for never asking for more earlier. Maybe he’d always known the response he’d get if he tried. Maybe they were always destined to end this way. He was finding it harder and harder to accept the fact without any bitterness. After all this time, for Dean to treat everything they had together like nothing, not even worth trying to keep alive...
he sounded like an idiot. Maybe Cas would think he was too drunk to get his words out and take pity on him.
Maybe it was to win the bet, maybe it was to impress Cas who he knew was watching from across the bar even though they hadn’t spoken yet, or maybe it was just because it was a good time, but Dean found himself once again riding Larry the mechanical bull at Baby Blue’s honky tonk bar in Carroll County, Arkansas.
As they rooted through the box of pins, she heard familiar voices and looked up to see Dean and Cas walking inside.
“Think that’s his choice whether he does or not,” Benny glowered.
—and Castiel knew he meant
Sam laughed. "Wasn't an insult. Just meant, I don't know. Different for you, I guess."
“I was when I was falling asleep,” Cas grumbled. But he shifted to face Dean. In the faint light coming from the bunker hallway, Dean could see the concern in his eyes. It sent a pang through him. Cas had given up so much, and Dean was doing all he could to make sure he never regretted it, and Cas told him all the time that he was content with his choice, but still the worry sat heavy in his stomach.
Dean inwardly pleaded, stopping in front of him. Cas stubbed out his cigarette on the curb, still not meeting his eyes.
Dean told himself. “Um, I’ll get going. Maybe I’ll see you around.”
He wasn’t so sure anymore that he was holding Jack back for his own good. Maybe he was just holding him back.
But he enjoys this process. Steady, methodical. A type of faith, to trust a process unseen, to diligently return to the dirt day after day without promise of results. Unlike his relationship with Heaven, he enjoys putting his faith in the ability of his hands, in the dirt he waters, in the sun that shines overhead. What happens, happens. And for the first time in a long time, he doesn't fear the unknown.
“Mhm.” Putting his phone on speakerphone, Castiel crossed his arms on the table and rested his chin on them. “We met up at a motel that didn’t have working air conditioning.”
Before he could try, though, Jack started clamoring for the corn flakes, so Dean set a handful of the cereal on the table. "I think this is gonna mess up the baking times," he said, skimming the back of the box. "Recipe doesn't say anything about adding extra shit."
Castiel lifted his head to see both Dean and Benny looking at him, Benny’s hand hooked in Dean’s waistband.
He tried again, “All I know is, you’re my best friend. I mean, we’ve known each other forever, or feels like it. And I don’t blame you for wanting more.” That sounded like another good thing to say. “Hell, makes sense. Just, I don’t know, I wasn't expecting it, and I kinda panicked—”
“We’re doing what now?” Dean asked Cas, taking his hand.
Setting down his mug with a sigh, Dean started rooting through the yarn, choosing different colors. Friendship Day. At another time, he would’ve told Jack he didn’t have any friends to make bracelets for. That wasn’t true anymore; the bunker was always getting visitors—hunters from other states, Benny, Charlie, Jody, Donna or one of the girls.
“How many people live here?” she asked as Dean walked over.
“Well, it is a dream no longer. But we do need to hurry.” Zadkiel glanced over his shoulder and Castiel followed his gaze.
“You can go ahead and repress your vile nature,” he said, drawing Benny’s eyes away from Dean. “You won’t be getting any human blood now, not from him.”
Dean made a face behind his back and started to follow him out of the room, but the phone Sam had recently installed in the library for a hunter hotline started ringing. He groaned and Cas hesitated in the doorway.
“I can’t believe he’s already two,” Cas said quietly.
“Cas!”
So now they were bribing his family with food? Crossing his arms, Dean said, “I don’t know if you noticed, Zara, but we weren’t exactly expecting you or your, uh, attendants. Just how long are you planning to stay here?”
Castiel shrugged. “I might quit eventually. I don’t know. Would like to, but I don’t know what else I’d do.”
“A weighted blanket,” Cas corrected, heaving it out of the box. “Twenty pounds.”
Dean stared at him. “You do?” he managed, and Cas nodded.
Benny clapped him on the back.“You better.” He settled on the stool next to Dean, ordered a round of shots. Other drivers came up, shook Dean’s hand, either congratulated him on quitting or told him he’d be back in a week.
“Dammit,” Jody said. “Where can I get one of those t-shirts?”
Cas straightened, a competitive gleam in his eye. “Agreed.”
“Maybe you should visit,” he said, hating the way the words felt in his mouth. Cas frowned at him and he added, “Not saying you should marry Zara, but sounds like a cool place.” One part of his brain screamed at him to
“Right, sure.” Leaving the library, Dean headed back through the hallways, wondering where Cas could’ve gone. He hadn’t left Zara’s side much in the five days she’d been here.
Not alone yet. Dean’s soul was a cool glow by his side, a draw to the monsters in this place—but where they saw a threat, an enemy, Castiel saw beauty, strength. That soul had endured much, and yet still persisted. Not even his true form would glow half as bright, he suspected.
He tried another sip from the goblet and grimaced.
He whipped his head around back to the first Leviathan, lifted his blade. Thought he could see himself reflected in its eyes, drowning inside.
Turning, he saw Cole and the other man from the bar headed over, expressions determined.
Shaking his head, Benny swore. “Wish we could get a damn vantage point.”
"Then why the hell wouldn’t you tell me?” Crossing his arms over his bare stomach, he seemed to fight for words, then he was saying too much, overwhelming Dean. “I miss you, you know that? When you’re not around? Find myself thinking maybe, maybe it doesn’t have to be this way. Just these quick hookups every few months. Find myself thinking that maybe we could have something more.”
“Sam would like to know why we’re all blocked from the group chat,” Cas said unhelpfully, and Dean rejected the call.
He watched Cas excuse himself from Hannah and head off to the bathroom hallway. Dean drained his glass before following him.
be himself, truly, in all his facets.
After several long, drawn out seconds, Tommy muttered, looking down at his feet, “Sorry.”
the whole point they were here. While Jack could make friends with just about anyone and anything—every crayon had a name and backstory, Cas’ trenchcoat was taken on make-believe-adventures, and the Impala could apparently talk, if Jack’s one-sided conversations during long car rides was anything to go off of—it was true that Jack was lacking in the friends-that-aren’t-hunters-or-over-a-decade-older category. There weren’t exactly many toddlers running around the bunker.
“Okay, okay,” Dean agreed, appeasing. “Sure, Cas. But I’m fine.”
“Me neither,” Dean said, remembering the heat that had rushed through him at the feel of Cas’ grace sparking at his ribs.
On cue, Dean’s phone started ringing, the screen lighting up to display Sam’s name.
“What did he do?” Dean raised an eyebrow. “How did he convince you to give him your blood?”
“Fuck,” Dean muttered, peering through his windshield at the highway obscured by heavy snowfall. His headlights didn’t so much as illuminate the slick road as illuminate the sheet of snow that had been falling for the better part of an hour.
“Well. Fuck.”
The bar emptied out slightly as the night wore on, but it still remained too crowded and too warm. He was drinking too much, it was too late, and he hadn’t wanted to be here in the first place. Dean sat at a table with Benny and others, and though Carmen hung around, she wasn’t getting anywhere with him. He tried to catch Castiel’s eyes a few times and Castiel avoided his gaze, tried to pay attention to whatever Noah was talking about.
“Alright, sorry. I’ll wait for the final product. Lookin’ good so far.”
As he shut the closet door, a knock sounded on the door to the room. Opening it, he stepped back for Dean to enter with a six-pack and his duffel bag.
Every day, the same pale light. Unsettling. No change; no end in sight. Harsh lines of tree branches, crunch of leaves underfoot, trickling of the river, stench of blood and filth. His clothes grew grimier every day, trenchcoat heavy on his shoulders, weighing him down.
Benny laughed. “‘Fraid ain’t nothing that’ll stop them. Once holed myself between two trees, tryin’ to hide out during a storm, and two ghouls found me. Pitch black, hardly see where I was slashing."
“Guess I should turn in too,” Noah said, picking up his jacket.
Through the pervasive fog, though, she could sense the familiar pull of angelic grace, and that kept her feet moving. “We’ve almost reached him.”
“Yes,” Cas said, not bothering to turn around.
Or maybe Cas was even drunker than he was, because he nodded and wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck. “I like being with you too,” he said, and didn’t that beat all.
Unnatural strength, the stench of their degeneracy overpowering. He tried to grab the Leviathan’s limbs, but it kicked him in the chest.
First Claire texting late last night that she and Kaia were coming over—which prompted a scrambling to make sure the guest room was clean—then Jack spilling his orange juice at breakfast—dammit, he still had a stain on his shirt—now Dean disappearing and leaving him to carry ten thousand bags—Cas’ fault for buying two jars of honey plus a box of honeycomb, plus various vegetables and baked goods, but
“Uh—” Dean took the bowl and ladled what looked like mashed potatoes on his plate. “When’d he have time to tell you that?”
Castiel tore his eyes from the blood spurting out of the monster’s neck. It took him a few seconds to realize what Dean had said. “I’ll be fine. I’ll just need to concentrate.”
He shivered. But this river, now, did not suck him under. The rocky riverbed dug into his feet and, lifting his hands, he let his fingertips trail across the surface of the water. Shutting his eyes, he tuned into his grace, let it heighten all his vessel’s senses. More difficult to do so than he was accustomed to, as if his grace first had to push past a suffocating atmosphere.
“Yes.”
“They go in here and cook for ten minutes,” Cas instructed, helping Jack push the dishes inside the oven. Jack peered into the opening, then back at Cas and Dean.
“Whadda I owe ya?” he joked.
“Yeah, sure.” He crossed his arms and smiled a little. “Back when I started driving, I was Singer’s nephew, that’s all anyone knew me by. You, uh, if you ask around, you might hear about my dad, John Winchester.”
“What else did Cas say about her?” Dean asked, trying not to sound too interested or concerned. No need to panic; Cas had only gotten engaged to obtain the Tree of Life fruit. Not like Cas was actually into the Queen.
“Okay,” Dean said quietly, and shutting his eyes, Castiel summoned as much grace as he was able, healed him, the cuts and bruises littering his body, the bite marks, the too-low levels of blood.
Jack, it seemed, also liked… unique clothing. The kid was wearing rain boots even though the sun was out and overalls with embroidered flowers. He dressed weird, there was no way around it. But so did Cas, so there was probably no hope for him, poor kid.
The angel had the audacity to look surprised. “Thank you.”
Cas took a more hesitant sip, then squinted up at him. "This tea is incredibly flavorless."
Castiel nodded, putting out his cigarette on the brick wall. “My sister Anna actually just called me.”
He loved Dean.
“I’m good,” Dean echoed. “Just beat.”
His face reddened, realizing what he was implying.
As they got to their feet to continue, Benny asked, gesturing to his neck. “Think you can, uh...”
the dick?” Castiel asked, incredulous. He gestured to Benny. “
“I know how much to take,” Benny spoke up. “Not taking nearly enough to hurt him.”
“Probably right. Always works out that way.” A slight chill made him look up to see the door to outside opening, and there was Cas—a little late, but he was here.
Dean was swearing, panting, and Castiel pressed a hand between his legs, against his erection, thought of Benny’s taunting,
“You’re welcome,” Sam spoke up.
“I’m sorry,” he told Dean, quietly, voicing the words that had become a litany in his head. He tightened his grip around Dean and closed his eyes, soaked in the sight and warmth of his soul. Dean’s heart beat under his palm, and though he knew it was a selfish thing to do, he pressed his lips to the back of Dean’s neck, lightly, just to feel the warmth of his skin under his lips, just to know what it felt like. Didn’t know how he’d bear watching him leave. Didn’t know how he could continue without him.
“You have to do it. Otherwise, you’ll always be wondering what if.”
“We’re trying to not get kicked out,” Sam shot back.
“Uh. Nothing.” So now he was talking to inanimate objects. Great.
He dropped it into his pocket and started walking.
He thought he’d have a few more days… “Tomorrow?” he managed.
Castiel nodded though he knew Anna couldn’t see him. Gabe had left home a few years after their mom died, when Castiel was around twelve. He didn’t know why his family splintered so easily, all of them finding their own ways to distance themselves from each other. Maybe the way their dad had raised them—too tightly, so they felt trapped. He’d felt trapped, at least.
Glaring at the asphalt, listening to the racket coming from the bar, he tried to muster up anger towards Dean. He was nearly certain that Dean had called him two months ago to say he was quitting, then decided not to mention it. Why had Dean changed his mind? For all he knew of Dean, for all the years they’d known each other, he too often felt shut out, like Dean was putting up a wall to stop them from getting too close. It was infuriating.
“We have acquired the target,” Hariel called to Cael, to the others stationed nearby, felt their triumph course through her. “It is time to leave.”
Pushing him back, Castiel got on top of him and kissed him.
Something nervous was rising in Dean's chest. Something in the way Cas was watching him, like there was something else underlying his words.
Castiel loathed him.
Dean wrenched his arm away. “No, he’s not. You’re coming with us.”
Collecting sticks, he made a small fire on the bank, sparked the tinder with two stones chosen from higher up the bank so they were dry. Scooped water into a rock with a divet in the middle and heated it next to the flame. In the light of the day, the fire wouldn’t create too much of a signal.
, to tell the truth. He was so tired of never telling the truth.
But thrilling. He’d never felt less weak, never felt more empowered.
He walked away, refusing to look back at Cas. Cas was fucking delusional. If he wanted some fucking relationship, he should’ve gotten involved with someone else other than Dean. It’d never work out. They were proving it now, weren’t they? Couldn’t even be on the same page about what had been going on between them for the past seven fucking years, what it all meant.
“Okay,” Jack agreed, jumping up and down in his chair.
Benny took a seat on a stump near the waters’ edge, blade balanced on his knees. Sitting cross-legged on the damp bank, Castiel picked up a handful of silt and let it fall through his fingers.
come over. But he didn’t get to see Dean often, and the last time they’d gotten to see each other multiple times in one drive had been years ago. He wasn’t going to waste any opportunity, even if he was feeling slighted. Not that he had any right to be feeling that way. Dean said he’d wanted to tell him. Just more convenient this way, to tell him in person. That was all.
“Alright, alright, I’ll explain,” Dean said, hand still extended to stop Castiel’s attack. “Just, put the blade down first.”
The line was silent for a long moment, then, “I don’t know why I said that. It’s not… I don’t even know what she’s up to nowadays.” Thin screech of chair legs on the floor. “I don’t really care anymore, ya know? Can’t remember the last time I thought about her. I was thinking about you, that’s why I called.”
Dean leaned against him, listening to the words which he couldn’t understand, but could feel the power of with every lilt of Cas’ voice. His hand gravitated to his chest, to the words he could almost feel thrumming under his skin.
The sheen of an exit sign appeared all of sudden out of the gloom, and he pulled off onto the exit ramp, slowing down, scanning the side of the road for a place to park for the night. Even with the cabin heat on, he could feel a chill from the windows, could hear the wind rattling the trailer. Wasn’t gonna be an easy night of sleep.
“Exciting day,” Jack said to himself, sounding less sure.
“Dean—”
“He’s so personable,” Cas said, smoothing the sunscreen onto his skin. “He’s gonna do great in preschool.”
Castiel stared, transfixed. “Shit,” Dean panted, blinking his eyes open, and Benny pushed himself to his knees, pants already shoved down. Wiped his mouth with the back of one hand, other stroking himself. Caught Dean’s eye. Dean pushed himself up to sit, gestured to him to come closer.
he thought.
“At…” Sam leaned forward to see the time on the microwave. “2:14am?”
“Woah, wait, a pirate? For real?” Something of admiration in his eyes. Then he fought back a grin. “You know what that means, right?”
Too much so. All morals slipping away for one cause. They must escape, so he must give Benny his blood. The Dean Castiel knew on Earth would never consent to such a thing.
Dean lost no time in swinging at the first one, but it ducked the blow and hurled him to the ground, sending him tumbling down the ridge.
Over Dean’s shoulder, Castiel could see Benny watching them curiously a few feet away. He lowered his voice. “My grace, it was never meant to cohabitate with Leviathan, with pure evil. It’s… corrupted. Scarred. You’ve never seen my true form, but if you could, you would be able to tell it’s been altered. It’s…” He forced the word out, ugly on his tongue. “Hideous. Only parts of it were able to retain their full glory. The others… I hardly recognize.”
A fantasy flitted through his mind. Traveling through this forest forever, solely Dean by his side. If they had no thin thread hope of escape, would they grow resigned to eternity here? Grow worn and soiled until they were indiscernible from the creatures which prowled around them? Dependent on each other; understanding each other?
Cas had left their motel room early that morning with hardly a word—which wasn’t very out of the ordinary since Cas wasn’t much of a morning person, at least before he got coffee in him—but there had been something unspoken in the air, something tense, something residual from the night before.
“What’s behind you?”
“You get a cat, and I’m never sleeping over in your truck again.”
“He’s alright,” Cas repeated. "He just got scared."
Dean raised himself up for a moment and caught the light in Cas’ eyes. “Tomorrow? Where you headed?”
Silence fell over them, punctuated by Jack’s babbling. Picking him up, Dean handed him off to Eileen and stood. “You wanna...?” he motioned to the backyard and Castiel nodded.
“I want you to be comfortable,” Castiel said. “Go back to sleep.”
“Look at mine!” Jack said, waving his paper.
He felt dizzy at the thought.
Jack nodded. “I can fight!” He waved a chicken nugget around in mock punches and Dean gave up any hope of keeping the backseat clean.
“What’s he goin’ on about?” he heard Benny ask, low.
“Let go of me, Dean,” Castiel gritted out. “I don’t want to hurt you.”
“No, really.” Castiel took a deep breath. “That’s great. That’s, uh, good for you. You’ve been wanting to do something like this for a while, so good for you.”
Realizing Cas had stopped planting seeds, he glanced sideways at him. Cas was letting soil sift through his fingers, a crease between his brows and a seriousness in his gaze that didn’t match the gentle way his fingers moved through the dirt. Dean started to wonder if Cas had come out here to get away from everyone, if something was on his mind.
“I don’t understand why you’re asking.” Standing, he adjusted his socks. More loose thread than weaved cotton after so many days of wearing them.
Released suddenly from its grip, Castiel stumbled backwards. The Leviathan body thudded to the ground to reveal Dean holding his blade, breathing heavy. The other Leviathan surged forward and Castiel shoved it towards Dean. Dean grabbed its arm and swung his blade, decapitating it as well.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m off too, sorry this is weird.” His words were running into each other. “I shouldn’t’ve called.”
No more snarling or sounds of struggle. Benny breathed heavily, kicked one of the dead bodies over. “Are you alright?” Castiel asked Dean.
am going to do my job.”
“Alright,” Benny protested. “I wouldn’t say aimless.”
Not so angelic, anymore. Something else entirely.
Cas sighed. “It was too much. I don’t know what I’m supposed to do with it all.”
dissolved in a growing warmth in his chest. Cas had been right after all. Good things did happen.
Castiel sat down by his side. Benny was checking the nearby area, didn’t trust Castiel’s senses, apparently. Castiel couldn’t bring himself to feel offended; he didn’t trust himself much either.
“For Charlie,” Jack announced, pointing at one of the pretzels on the plate.
“Charming,” Zara said with a laugh. She looked at Cas. “You were right, he does have such beautiful hair.”
Castiel glared at him as he followed Dean away, then he glared at the ground, deliberately not watching where they went off to. Should have argued, told Benny not to take more from Dean, thought about getting up now and telling them to stop.
Cas huffed, but pushed himself up onto his elbows, squinted at Dean.
The story didn’t sound like that, coming from Dean’s mouth. All of Castiel’s mistakes and transgressions wiped away, cleverly masked in amusing case stories, fairies disguised as aliens, alternate realities, trips back in time, vengeful gods. Most he’d heard Dean talk in a long time and Castiel realized now the words pouring out of his mouth were building a wall, a defence. Talk about Earth, the Apocalypse, everything and anything but what was happening between them. Growing intimacy between Dean and Benny, growing chasm between him and Dean. Maybe it’d always been inevitable.
“You can get yours pierced too,” Claire told him, and he faltered,
He'd hardly drawn his grace back into his palms when Dean called, “You good, Benny?”
He realized the colors he was setting aside were all different shades of blue. Sure, he and Cas were a lot more than friends—he had a blooming hickey on his inner thigh to prove it—but he knew the way Cas’ eyes would light up receiving one. And, anyway, they
“Will you?” Cas asked. “Quit?”
Realizing he was staring, Dean broke his gaze. “Yeah, now that you mention it, you do look familiar.” He glanced back at the door and gestured to it. “Well, um. Back to the cold.”
Trucks whizzed past on the highway a few yards away, and Castiel leaned back against the brick wall of the motel he’d stopped at for the night. He’d been trying to quit smoking for some time now, but he’d picked up the habit years ago in high school and couldn’t drop it. He looked down at the cigarette in his fingers and wondered if Anna had been right.
A few miles past the accident, Dean caught sight of Cas’ truck ahead and eased off the road into the pull-off behind him. Cars and trucks whizzed by as he got out, slamming the door shut behind him. Cas dropped down from the cab when he approached.
“That’s highly improbable,” Cas said with a roll of his eyes.
“Mm-mm.” Castiel tried to drag him back down, but Dean pushed himself up.
Returning to the bunker first, Dean showered, blood and ghoul remains washing away down the drain. But even the warm water couldn’t ease the jitteriness sitting high in his chest. The ghoul had been strong, fast, and Dean’s heart had leapt into his throat when it got a hold of Sam. Even Cas had struggled to stop the thing, gunshots only serving to anger the son of a bitch more.
"Sorry."
your aunt,” Castiel argued.
annoy Dean, so...
Instead, he said, “When we were attacked by vampires, the one was angry at you. Said you were betraying your own kind by helping us.”
“Wait, take one of us together,” Cas said, crouching down by Jack. Jack threw his arms around Cas’ neck, nearly making him lose his balance. They both smiled at the camera, twin grins, and Dean couldn’t help a smile as he took their photo.
Bringing the bucket back, he dumped it into the hole, then continued the task until he had made a shallow pool. “Come on, Jack,” he said, and Jack perked up from where he sat, clambering out of Cas’ lap.
“Wait a moment,” Dean protested. “What do you mean, my ‘anxiety levels’?” Cas opened the box and he leaned over to look at the contents. Folded, silky dark grey fabric. “What is that, a blanket?”
“Yeah. It’ll be nice getting to see the kid grow up. Think Sam’s the most excited about me settling down.”
“Call it what you want, but I’d like to not fail my classes.” He glanced at his watch. “I’d also like to not get fired, so…”
Benny shifted his jagged weapon to his other hand. “Purgatory has an escape hatch, but I got no idea if it's angel-friendly.”
Metallic taste of his own vessel’s blood in his mouth. He spat, and one of his back teeth wobbled against his tongue.
“No.” Castiel fluffed up his pillow. “Last I heard was Anna got divorced and Michael’s still running the dealership, according to Gabe. I don’t know what Gabe’s doing. I didn’t ask the last time he called me.”
Moving into the bunker, he'd claimed a room, made a space for every item he owned: a hook for every weapon, a box for every photo, a hanger for every jacket. The concrete walls and sterile bathrooms meant order, control.
They ran. Ducking under cragged branches, dodging fallen logs and jutting rocks.
Castiel nodded, then frowned, shutting his eyes. The outline of him wavered, impossibly so. “I don’t think…” Drawing in a long breath, he opened his eyes. “I don’t think I can manage to stay visible much longer. I have to rest. And I have to find Dean.”
“That’s not true, Dean.”
One constant he hated above all else—Benny leaning over Dean, cradling Dean’s head with one hand, pulling Dean’s collar aside with the other. Wince crossing Dean’s face when Benny’s teeth pierced his skin, phantom pain piercing Castiel in sympathy.
“Your girlfriend’s gonna start looking for you soon,” Dean interrupted. Cas lifted his head and squinted at him. “She sure is trying to impress you, going on and on about her kingdom.”
“I don’t know what to do.”
Dean looked up to see Cas standing on the stairway next to a ridiculously tall man—and that was saying something when they lived with Sasquatch himself. Dean only needed one look at the black tattoos snaking over the man’s bald head and forearms to realize he was a Djinn.
Dean waited as someone hopped on and asked Cas to say again where the accident had occurred. Cas said he was at a pull-off area past the 190 mile marker and Dean said, “I’m headed that way, probably pass you soon. Over.”
Dean leaned forward, snatched up the radio. That had been Cas’ voice. Someone got on before he could, asked how bad it was.
He straightened his shoulders. “Don’t worry about me.”
“Dean doesn’t think of me still, does he?” Castiel asked, seemingly unconcerned about the Leviathan's approach. “You almost convinced me with that lie.”
“Hey.” Cas held up a plastic grocery bag, his blue employee vest from the grocery store draped over his arm. “I brought lunch.”
Dean splashed water in his direction. “Fuck you. Vampirate. That’s fucking awesome, though, man.”
Cas glanced at him, then his recently planted seeds, and dropped the dirt he was holding. Apropos of nothing, he said, “Zara said she’ll call off the engagement if I really want.”
Other days, he remembered the vicious, searing pain tearing through his form as his grace was ripped from his body and his consciousness fused with his vessel. When he fell without his consent and found himself, bewildered, a human. Shivering nights, cavernous stomach. Bone-chattering loneliness.
Someone ran over because apparently it was a party now, and Dean did a double take, then caught a fist to the stomach and doubled over with a grunt.
“Yeah. Uh. A kid. Well, he’s probably. Probably gone now. Hoping maybe I got a few grandkids or something.”
Cas smiled and looked back at the seeds. “Thank you, Dean. That's very thoughtful of you.”
A ringing pierced the night, startling him, and he pulled his phone from his pocket. “Hey, Bobby,” he said, answering it.
Jack beamed and swung his legs. “Don’t kick the seat,” Dean told him, and Jack pouted at him.
Cas smiled, ducking his head to hide it. Dean smiled too. He took another drink, and Cas hugged his knees, looked out at the road to their left. A motorcycle’s revving engine cut through the night as a rider passed by. For a moment, Dean wondered what someone would think seeing him and Cas sitting here together. Their legs were brushing; he didn’t know when they’d moved in so close.
A sniff drew his eyes to Cas, who was wiping at his eyes.
Raising his hand, he touched Cas’ cheek. He was feeling a little dizzy from the remarkable change of events in so short a time, but the look in Cas’ eyes anchored him. This is what he wanted,
“You have one more week, right?” Benny asked, pulling his attention back.
“Nah, he just doesn’t know how to build a sand castle yet,” Dean said. This, he could do. No-risk activities. Picking up an extra bucket, he went to the ocean and filled it with water.
Maybe Anna had been right, when she gave him two week’s worth of her paycheck from working at the Discount Groceries thirty minutes down the road. She’d handed over several bills crisp from the ATM and told him, “It’s alright, if it doesn’t work out. If you need to come back in a few months.”
Looking for a savior, an answer.
“Difference of opinions.” He shoved his hands into his jacket pockets, then glanced at Dean. Dean had probably already guessed, no point in hiding it. “I came out. In high school. Dad wasn’t too happy about it.”
Dean slid over to him, sitting between his legs, and Benny pulled him against his chest. Seemed a habit, a familiar ritual. One Dean didn’t just relent to, but expected, even enjoyed. Watching, Castiel wondered how many times they had done this before he joined them. In a world of such violence, it was strangely touching, the quiet, gentle way Benny wrapped an arm around Dean, pulled his collar aside. Paused, nose pressed to Dean’s pulse point, inhaling deeply.
Thumbing at the lid of his coffee cup, Cas nodded, expressionless, and Dean knew he shouldn’t bring it up, but he did anyway. “Looked like you and that guy were getting close last night.”
“Damn foolish if you believe that,” Benny muttered. Tensions high, one attack after another, their progress slowed to a crawl. Castiel straightened from wiping his blade on the trampled grass.
“Cas!”
Slowly, he stepped back, keeping his blade drawn, and Dean lowered his hand, posture tense. “Where are we headed?” Castiel asked.
“I was never going to leave, Dean. This,” he gestured around them. “This is my home. Here with you. I want to be with you too.”
That was an offensive comparison—likening him to a child. But he pushed aside that insult for an important question.
Dean stared at his retreating back, then at the doorway where Cas and the Djinn had left through. “What the hell is going on?” he asked aloud.
“Forget it. It’s fine.”
“What does that mean?” Dean’s annoyance had turned to genuine concern now and he shifted to face Castiel fully.
“So you saved the world,” Benny commented when Dean described a chasm splitting the Earth, hellfire licking upwards, then complete silence once the crack groaned back to a close.
Benny held up his hands. “Just sayin’.”
Dean asked one night, tracing his bare shoulder blades.
“Don’t you think I deserved to know?” Cas pressed. “I mean, I’ve known you for seven years now. I like to think we're good friends, at the very least."
“Not sure. Not more than a week now. Maybe.”
Jack ran over to Cas. “Shell,” he said, handing him one.
“Just thought, I don’t know. You’re always talking about nature and whatever. You could start a garden outside. If you want.”
He smiled, eyes falling shut at the warm press of the blanket and Cas’ body around his.
“You can’t feed them,” Sam said, closing the container of fries that the bird was eyeing. “We’ll get a swarm of them.”
Benny scoffed. “You’re whipped. This bastard wasn’t worth the trouble of finding and he sure as hell ain’t worth trying to drag through the portal.”
Of course. Castiel started nodding, trying to stop Dean from making up an excuse for not driving with him.
Feeling queasy, Castiel left the bar and smoked a cigarette outside. He’d reached Little Chute early this morning and now had 36 hours to himself, a break since he’d maxed out his driving hours within the last week. Dean had texted him, told him he was at this trucker bar a few miles away, and Castiel was regretting showing up. He hadn’t realized how much he'd hate being around other drivers. Others who had opinions on Dean’s quitting, who didn’t know the full story, who didn’t really care, not like he cared.
Dean cracked his neck. “Before we found Cas, you said it was my humanity that was drawing too much attention.”
A father, a friend, a lover. His essence which remained regardless of how much or how little grace resided in his vessel.
Someone passing by gave them a smile, and Claire realized people probably thought Jack was her younger brother. She let him hold her hand anyway. “Sure.”
With his grace, he could easily summon the stems to break free of the seeds, to push their way through the dirt and sprout leaves, waver in the breeze.
“I lie, I don't get lied to,” Benny said, tapping the side of his blade against his shoulder as he walked. “Aren't you guys all about faith?”
“Just a taste.” Slid his arms around Dean’s waist.
He felt his shoulders sag in relief when Cas stood from the sidewalk curb. “Alright.”
In that moment, as Jack’s power coursed through him, the child’s conception seemed a miracle, his birth a promise. Recklessly, Castiel had bid all on him, this miracle child, this child who held the potential for joy and peace in his barely formed fists.
In a diner in Arkansas, Cas read from a menu, plastic corners curling, and commented, "No matter where we go, every place serves an iceberg wedge salad."
“What?” he asked after a long moment. “You one of them?”
“You and Sam are the ones who taught me!” Claire reminded him.
trying to be nice,” Castiel protested, chasing Dean’s mouth. He nodded when Dean asked, “Can I?” and Dean fumbled to work a hand under his waistband. “But...” He guided Dean’s hand to his cock and let out a quiet groan when Dean wrapped his palm around his length. Dean grinned. “I guess I did want an excuse to get to know you better,” he finished, his voice strained.
“This way,” Benny said, starting in that direction. Dean followed after a moment, eyes to the ground.
The forest seemed darker when he opened his eyes, had to let them adjust to the murk. Benny fiddled with a piece of bark between his fingers. Turning his head, Castiel studied Dean’s soul. Stunningly bright here, surrounded by such filth. Whereas his grace cowered in this place, its environment too oppressive to curl and coil freely, Dean’s soul thrived, cut through the pervasive gloom. Made Castiel jealous for such surety.
“It’s alright.” Krista came around the front to help pick up the peaches. “A little dirt never hurt anyone.” Straightening with two in each hand, she asked Jack, “You wanna try a piece?”
Dean watched him run to join the kids lining up at the doors. The teachers counted them, and Jack started chattering with the boy standing in front of him wearing a dinosaur backpack.
Shutting his eyes, he forced himself to breathe through the sensation of his chest tightening. He could feel the blanket rise and fall with every deliberate breath, and he counted like Sam had taught him years ago when he’d woken with a panic attack—breathe in for seven seconds, hold for four, let out for eight.
Cracking open an eye, Dean saw Cas grinning and swatted his face. Cas knocked his hand aside.
He wasn’t a killer or evil or a failure or ruined, like he told himself and like he heard. He was loved and he loved. He liked to think he was made of it.
“We were already going,” Cas said haughtily. He glared at Denise. “And if 'Tommy' ever lays a hand on Jack again, he will be sorry.” Jack’s expression was eerily similar to Cas’ as they shot twin glares at Tommy, and Dean thought he caught a spark in Jack’s eyes.
Cas slowly lowered his fork, and it seemed speaking a few words broke down a wall in Dean’s mind because the rest came flooding out.
Eileen and Sam went for a walk, and Jack attracted the attention of a young girl around his age whose family sat nearby. They began digging in the sand together, carrying on a conversation indecipherable to anyone other than them.
He picked up another stone, cragged surface, and dropped it into his pocket.
“Guess not,” Cas said. He produced a tissue box out of thin air and handed one to Dean, then blew his own nose.
Dean flinched at a crack of thunder that set Castiel’s ears ringing. He tucked a wing around him, knew the gesture would go unnoticed.
A driver he recognized—Carmen, he thought—dragged Dean out to the floor to dance and Castiel’s fingers itched for another cigarette.
“Water!”
“You checked his backpack three times this morning,” Cas reminded him. “He has everything.”
Jack tapped the play button on the youtube video and it was settled. Cas was getting a friendship bracelet.
So like Dean, to hold hope in the thinnest of threads. “I believe we should keep our expectations in check,” he answered simply.
Rather than proud, Castiel found himself feeling guilty. He tried to shove the emotion aside. Purgatory was not a place for conversation, a vampire not a companion. Dean would do well to remember that.
pretty damn good.
“Do you need—” Dean pulled down his collar, and the tense lines of Benny’s face turned into a grin.
“What do you mean?” Jack asked, following his gaze.
Cas glanced at Dean. There were plenty ways to answer that question. Looking back, though, seeing Jack bravely walking into school, being so independent, making friends…
Zara smiled at him. “We’re returning to my kingdom tomorrow.”
“Yeah, sure.” Shaking his head, Dean traced the Enochian sigils absentmindedly. “Swear you guys bicker worse than Sammy and I when we were kids.”
"It just needs a little more," Dean told him. "Look, it's not totally mixed."
Dean sucked in a breath. “Uh, 'bout how you'd expect, I guess. Told her a bear had gotten to her son, but it was all taken care of now. Not much else to say.”
she was shopping with them, but
had an idea of Cas’ true feelings, hadn't he? Much as he’d tried to ignore it, there was always something hovering just under the surface between him and Cas, something that had been threatening to emerge for some time now.
“You alright, kid?” Dean asked Jack, shutting the wipe container.
Dean took a step backwards. “Dude, gross! Seriously? Sneeze into your elbow. That’s like preschool 101.”
Dean smiled, though he felt a restless nervousness in his stomach.
“What possible other use are you implying?”
Jack bounced eagerly, babbling about Claire and donuts and
“Foolish,” Castiel said.
Rousing himself, he went into the sleeper berth and tried not to wonder where Cas was tonight, tried not to wonder if he’d seen him for the last time.
“Kindergarten!” Jack yelled as he released his grip on Cas.
Sam learned love from him, it seemed. Because he too loved through sacrifice, painful to receive. But sometimes love was easy, movie nights and pranks and long talks over miles of road.
“Shut up,” Dean said, pushing himself to his feet. He extended his hand and Benny frowned.
Huffing, Castiel crossed his arms and sat down next to Dean. Benny grinned, amused. “I don’t appreciate the innuendo. I won’t stoop to your level to respond.”
ANYWAY let’s get into this week’s chapter! she’s a little late, but it’s only friday so not
Dean’s steps faltered a little, and he slowed to a stop on the sidewalk. Cas was smoking, staring at the asphalt, the setting sun making his shadow stretch out long, and the sight of him steadied Dean. He watched Cas tap the ash from his cigarette, rub a hand through his hair as he looked up at the sky, and the thought rose in his mind that the feeling welling up in his chest, a feeling he’d felt in smaller measures before but always quickly tamped down, sure felt a lot like love.
"And I wouldn't trade it for the world," Cas said.
Morbid thoughts. He did his best to push them away; his concern should not be for himself, but for Dean—another being also completely out of place here.
“What the hell happened here?” he demanded. He went to pick up Jack, but Cas was already swooping in and grabbing him.
Quickly, Dean stood, pushing his chair back. “Who the hell are you?” he demanded.
Silence. No chirping of birds. Not even a river to fill the silence with its whispering.
“I used to believe in God, and righteousness, and, and, fairness.” Castiel rose to his feet. “I can’t be so blind anymore. I’m not the same, Dean, that’s the point.”
An announcer’s voice echoed down the street. “Welcome to Pride,” the voice boomed. Dean folded and unfolded the corner of the newspaper, listening to the cheering, rotating the ring on his thumb around and around.
“Hey, hey.” Dean touched his shoulder. “It’s alright. Don’t think about it, you didn’t hit anyone, it’s alright.”
“Cas, hey, you’re safe, it’s dead, alright?” Hands on his shoulders, on his face, forcing him to look at Dean, meet his eyes. “You’re right here, I’m here.”
“That’s beautiful, Jack.” Cas pointed to the smallest stick figure with the biggest wings and smile. “I love how you drew yourself.”
Dean asked, “You staying at that place in Wyoming?”
Dean smiled. “We’ll see about that.” He drew his blade away from the werewolf’s neck and as the creature’s mouth opened with a snarl, stabbed him in the stomach.
After a few moments, she opened it in a silk nightgown. “Why, hello, Castiel,” she said smiling. “What a surprise.”
“Kid could make friends with a blank wall,” Dean said, but Cas was right—making friends
“Right. Yeah.” Castiel couldn’t stop grinning again. Dean was here. “Whatever you want.”
“The best part of coming to a farmer’s market is the free samples,” she said. Juices seeped onto the board as she divided the peach into thick slices. “Here.” She offered a slice to Jack first, who crammed it eagerly in his mouth, then one to Cas.
Jack hummed in the backseat where he colored with a box of crayons. Cas tapped his fingers on his thighs, craning his neck to look behind and in front of them. No escape. Dean was pretty sure he was considering the merits of zapping all of them—car, luggage, and all—to their destination. Sure, the people around them would have plenty of questions about a car vanishing into thin air and Cas would be exhausted for three days, but it might be worth it.
Cas’ gaze had turned serious during Dean’s rambling, and Dean stopped there, heart pounding, mouth dry. He hadn’t expected to say all that, but he realized he meant what he’d said. Had meant all of it for a long time now, even if he’d been pretending not to. And maybe it was too late to tell Cas now. But he’d finally said it.
Castiel smiled too. “Yeah.”
“Hope so.” He picked up sand and let it fall through his fingers. “Just don’t want the kid to get all screwed up like I am.”
Angry at him, rather than at the vampire who leeched off his blood. Shame coursed through Castiel. If only he could deliver Dean out of this place without Benny. If only he had never opened the gate to Purgatory, if only he had not allowed his hubris to grow larger than his own true form. If only…
“Oh ye of frigging little faith,” Benny proclaimed.
“Sounds like fun. Claire come with you today?”
He tried to hand Jack the apples, but Jack pointed at the play area. “Wanna play!”
Straightening up with a wince, Dean wiped at his nose with the back of his hand, then regretted doing so at the twinge of pain. “Fuck.”
Dean pulled aside the curtain and looked through the windshield at the dark parking lot. “All clear.” He opened the door and stepped aside for Cas. “See you tonight? Let me know where you stop.”
Benny splashed more water on Dean, then slapped his back. “There you go.”
The woman turned her eyes on him and Cas shifted uncomfortably. He was holding several reusable grocery bags in his hands. “Dean, this is Zara. My, uh, betrothed.”
Would he like to see his grace and wings restored?
“We gotta do that next year,” Donna decided, and Jack gave her a hug.
No one other than Castiel. But his voice, his reasoning, had no power here, with Dean. Realized he didn’t want to speak anyway, loathe to disturb the tenuous breathlessness of this moment.
“What?” Cas asked, offended.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas had been taking care of him for years, Dean thought, when they settled in bed and he turned off the lights. Cas told him he was caring, but it was Cas who was the caring one. He’d sacrificed his life for him, for Christ’s sake. Then gave up his grace to return to Earth because he wanted to be with Dean and Jack and Sam and everyone. The guy didn’t have a selfish bone in his body.
It felt like no time had passed when the alarm rang at 6 a.m. They dressed quickly, headed out into the cold. The road had been plowed—not well, but enough, and the highways would be clear. Pausing in front of their trucks, Dean said, “Well, uh, thanks for letting me share the room.”
And Dean kept calling, and Castiel kept calling, always with the excuse of talking about their routes, when they could meet up again, but their phone calls lasted longer and longer, talking about inconsequential things. Never enough, though. He didn’t know why they needed the excuse, why it felt so wrong to just call and say
whatever that looked like. God, he just didn’t want to lose Cas.
“Yes, yeah, of course,” Dean hastened to say, because it was true. Fuck, it couldn’t be truer. “Of course. Just feel bad, I guess. That you gave up your grace and all that. Feel like I’ve hardly done anything.”
Cas twisted a loose thread on his trenchcoat sleeve. “Dean,” he started.
“Pretty sure Sam and I went through here before.” He couldn’t remember what they'd been hunting. “Years ago. After dad. You know. Passed.”
Cas attached the “Save the Bees” pins to his trench coat pocket and it ended up crooked. Rolling her eyes, Claire said, “Let me.”
He had to notice it all, sear it all into his mind because who knew how long it'd be before he got this again. He fell apart, though, when Dean quickened his pace. Sounds of skin against skin, his skin heating, heat burning him from the inside out. Dean bit his tongue in concentration, eyes flicking between where their bodies met and Castiel's gaze.
Cas took a deep breath. “Yeah, I know.”
Cas was silent for a moment as if deciding if it was worth an argument, then he sighed and got to his feet. “Okay.”
Unsurprisingly, he couldn’t stay focused on the game and surrounding conversation, and kept glancing back at the bar. He was starting to hate the way he and Cas kept this thing between them a secret. He knew there were plenty of other truckers in their shoes so he’d like to see someone try to make a problem out of it, though it was easier to avoid the questions and judgement.
“You’ve helped plenty,” Dean muttered, turning away, and Castiel froze. Of course Dean wouldn’t listen to him, all Castiel had done lately was betray his trust, ruin everything through his misguided attempts to help, to assist.
His eyes flew open and he pulled away from Dean, who frowned. “What?”
When Cas remained silent, Dean started turning away to leave him to his planting. “You can fill this tray with soil,” Cas spoke up, stopping him.
“Never.” Cas glanced over his shoulder at the Love’s, his hands shoved in his jacket pockets. The flickering yellow light from a nearby streetlight lit up his hair, made his eyes bright.
“What would you have me do?” Rallied himself. “So I try to make it through the portal. And if I’m maimed, or killed, what then?”
Cas set down the cooler he was holding and warned, “Dean.” Dean followed where he was pointing to see Jack crouching down, grabbing a handful of sand.
“He has to learn to not be scared of the ocean. He has to try again.”
Castiel’s grace had been weakening for years, but Jack had the powers of God now. The power to give back all that Castiel had given up for lost.
“You’re an angel; you’re not meant to be with monsters—”
Dean eyed him, stirring the soup. "Don't have much of a choice. Poor guy just turned human and he's already going through it."
“I’ll take watch,” Benny said behind him, low to Dean.
“What’s wrong?” Dean asked. Without answering, Castiel veered off to the right. Through the trees, open space and light. A few yards and he broke out onto the bank of a river.
Switching his cigarette to his other hand, tucking the free one inside his pocket to warm, he felt a swirl of apprehension in his chest. Quitting driving felt like the end of one chapter in his life. He wasn’t sure how this semi-relationship with Cas was going to carry over into the start of another.
“You said I must feel something for you,” Dean interrupted. Pulling his hand away, Cas nodded, looking down at his boots. “You were right. I do.” Cas’ shoulders tensed, but he didn’t look up. “Of course I do. I don’t know what it is, exactly, didn’t realize I felt anything—maybe I did, maybe I was just ignoring it.”
but not horrible—wait. He took that back. Oregano and cinnamon sugar did
But it hurt, even more so at the look Cas turned on him. “How can you say that?
“I promise, I won’t leave again. I know you have no reason to trust me—”
Dean helped him to his feet and Castiel took a deep breath. “Good work," Dean said, patting him on the shoulder. “Obliterated the sonuvabitch.”
“Would you say you’re feeling stressed? Anxious, perhaps?” Cas deliberately looked to his right and Dean followed his gaze to the weighted blanket folded on a chair.
How could Castiel resist the crack in his voice? Knew any world without his younger brother, no matter how safe and calm, would feel empty. Maybe selfishness, on Castiel’s part. What use did Dean have for him in the still aftermath? But if he could return Sam to him, perhaps Dean would look at him like a savior once again.
“I’ll be fine. Not much longer out here anyway.”
The mother had sobbed and thanked him. He’d done a piss poor job of comforting her and left with an all-too-familiar sick feeling in his stomach; they hadn’t done enough, they could never save everyone.
“Seems like.” His eyes roamed over Benny in that peculiarly piercing way he had, and Benny shifted uncomfortably.
Castiel clenched his blade in his fist and if it were made of any Earthly material, it would’ve shattered in his hand. He tried to keep his voice steady. “And you understand why I have to kill you.” Dean glanced sideways at him.
When they parked at the mall, Cas grabbed Jack’s hand before he could sprint across the parking lot. “You have to look both ways,” he reminded him gently, and Jack nodded.
“Let me,” he told Dean, lifting his hand. It wasn’t wise to use too much of his grace, but he could quickly heal a small wound.
A sign on the highway in Ohio read, "Hell is Real." He still had nightmares. As cornfields passed, Cas recounted seeing his soul for the first time, and sometimes Dean imagined he remembered the safety of Cas' wings as he pulled him out of the depths of Hades.
“Nah, I’m fine,” Benny drawled, pulling his arms away. Dean straightened, spell broken, but rather than get up, Benny touched two fingers to Dean’s chin, tilted his head to look back at him. Dean stilled and his lips parted a half-second before Benny kissed him.
Dean’s expression shifted—something cracking, then rearranging itself into something hard and cold. “What does that mean?”
Didn’t matter now, though. And it was better to end things this way. They would soon be living two different lives, no point in dragging anything out.
close.”
Dean ducked underwater again and scrubbed his hands through his hair. “Come on, get in here,” he told Benny. “Feels weird just the two of you watching.”
“There a celebration or something going on?” someone sitting to his right asked, and Castiel glanced at him.
“Dean,” Castiel warned. Dean shifted, and for a moment Castiel thought he might touch him, but then he stepped away. Castiel had asked him to, but he still felt the urge to reach for him.
He didn’t know how long he stared at the table, but he startled when the timer beeped to announce his pie was done. He glanced at the oven, then looked around the empty room.
Castiel looked at him. “About?” His eyes fell to Dean’s mouth before reaching his eyes again.
He settled down on Dean’s right so Dean lay between him and Benny. Crossing his legs, he shut his eyes, letting his senses scour the surrounding area. No threat at the moment.
They followed the sound of voices to the library where the tables had been pushed together and covered in platters and dishes. Dean stopped in the doorway, staring.
“You’ll take care of Dean, won’t you?” he asked quietly.
Dean nodded. “Same as last time.”
“Whaddya mean? Guy was broken up that you didn’t get out.” Sag in his shoulders, empty look behind his eyes, even as he smiled, hugged Benny.
He blinked to realize Jack was dumping yarn in front of him. “What?”
“Alright, buddy, give me a sec,” Dean said, pouring a bag of dry pretzel mix into a bowl. Charlie had bought Jack an Easy-Bake Oven for his fourth birthday, and this was their first time using it and its soft pretzel making kit—much to Jack’s excitement.
Returning to their spot, he sat down with Jack and grabbed a napkin to wipe his nose. Jack protested, pushing away Dean’s hand as tears and snot streamed down his face, and reached for Cas.
Castiel shook his head, shouldn’t even still be sitting here. But Dean was watching him, almost expectantly, eyes sliding down his body, and almost instinctively, Castiel’s hand traveled lower. Under Dean’s gaze, he slipped his hand under his waistband, hips bucking up when his palm closed around his erection.
Cas knew; he knew. They just never spoke of it. Well, until now. Not him, though. Cas.
Locking the door behind them, he lost no time in kissing Cas, who protested getting pushed up against the wall. “It’s gross in here," he complained.
Made Castiel’s stomach tumble, every soft sound Dean made, worried the emotions rising in him were no longer one of self-righteousness. Coveting.
“Took you that long to figure out?” Benny grinned, fangs descending.
“Calculated estimate.”
“Smart move. Wish I could’ve stopped earlier, but some asshole shippers thought it’d be funny to take two hours to load my truck this morning, set me back for the day.”
“I know that you are distanced from Heaven, as evidenced by you living with hunters.”
And yet, he though of letting Dean leave Purgatory without him. Could he be so cruel again? He let his eyes trail over Dean’s every feature, freckle. Let his gaze drift below to Dean’s soul. Content, despite their surroundings.
“Yeah, sure.” Angling his body to Benny, he tilted his head, and Benny came close. Castiel tensed, biting back protests, knowing they would fall on deaf ears.
“I, no—”
“During our time—” Dean was interrupted by Zara clapping her hands. Instantly, the bunker door opened to admit a line of other Djinn who filed down the stairs, all carrying baskets or trunks or cases.
He smiled. Love, etched into his ribs.
Dean. Benny was drinking from Dean, and Castiel hadn’t bat an eye. Hadn’t protested, had hardly given them a glance when Benny slid a hand under Dean’s shirt, gripping him tight to suck the blood from his veins.
“After you,” Dean said, and let Benny start in that direction. He fell in line with Castiel, lowered his voice. “Listen, I know he’s a vamp—”
“Oh,” Dean breathed. Cas never was going to leave. He started to feel a little ridiculous for his panicked pie baking, but a smile tugged at the corner of Cas’ mouth and Dean started smiling too. Cas wanted more.
"Chocolate chips, pepper, raisins, oregano," Cas listed, coming over and setting various items down on the table.
Cas looked like he had a few questions, but he took the plate. “Thank you,” he said.
Perhaps he could force his grace to surge forward and halt this progression, but in some strange, unsettling way, this state seemed to suit him best, seemed to reflect his inner state. Instability. Turmoil. Every creak of a branch set him on edge, every comment Benny made got on his nerves. Used to pride himself on his inner calm, an assuredness in his actions. Those days were long gone now, no hope of returning. No hope at all.
“Yeah, sure, whatever.” Dean hung up and Castiel tossed his phone onto the dashboard, swore under his breath. He knew Dean had no control over whether a part wore down on his truck or not, knew shit like this happened and plans had to change, but he was so fucking tired of never getting to see each other.
“Alright, then, let’s do that.” He gestured to Benny to lead the way again and, turning to follow him, asked Castiel, “You wanna stop picking a fight?”
“Shit,” Dean hissed.
Getting out of his truck, he spotted Cas leaving the rest stop with a cup of coffee, and headed over to him. “Hey!” he called. Cas turned, saw him, then turned back around, kept walking.
The clock on the nightstand read 5:08 a.m. One more hour before he had to get up. He should try to get more rest, but he didn’t think any more sleep was coming for him. Cas was tucked against his side and his arm had fallen asleep where it was pinned under Cas’ shoulder, but Dean wouldn’t move. He’d finagled his route to be able to see Cas tonight, dropped off a shipment in Omaha and drove half an hour to this motel. Even one night apart had felt too long; he’d gotten too used to this, knew he needed to pull himself away. Not yet, though. He couldn’t yet.
“You were just curious.” Dean looked up. Castiel seemed to be hiding a smile. It was a good look, the way the corner of his mouth creeped up, and Dean started to feel more optimistic about his chances tonight.
“Inside voice,” Dean said automatically. “Wait, you had a backup plan?"
Dean's next drop off wasn’t for 48 more hours, so he didn’t have to rush to get there, but he got up early with Cas the next morning. Before Cas hit the road to pick up his next shipment, they walked across the street to where a squat diner stood next to a gas station, the sky above streaked with clouds stained purple from the rising sun.
He gave so easily. His forgiveness. His companionship. His trust. Had called Castiel a friend. And Castiel had betrayed him.
Bracing himself for the worst, Dean checked the line of cars again and was surprised to see movement up ahead.
“I told you that if I were to travel with you—”
To be honest, he wasn’t entirely sure if he was pronouncing the name correctly, or if reading from an advanced dinosaur book was the best way to teach Jack to read, but it
Already, the forest seemed composed of shadows. Night fell fast in this land and fell thick. In a few hours, he wouldn’t be able to see his hand in front of his face without his grace.
Oh. It's okay.
You were gonna do it without me?
Nothing.
A montage. Sam and Dean sit at a table, each poring over one of Rowena's journals. Miracle lays at Deans feet, her head resting on her paws. At some point, Miracle leaves. Jack comes and goes, bringing food and drinks, getting books down from shelves and passing them to Sam and Dean. Sam falls asleep for several hours. Dean occasionally bangs his forehead against the table in frustration. He pours himself glass after glass of whiskey. This goes on for some time until-
CASTIEL
Dean stifles a sob in the sleeve of his flannel. Sam pulls Dean towards him. Dean wraps his arms around Sam and clings to him desperately. Like a child.
Well, that’s my job. Protecting you. Or it was.
CASTIEL
Okay, I can do this.
But what'll happen if you kill it?
(shakily)
I should have said it sooner.
Castiel doesn't acknowledge him. Dean runs faster. Finally,
“Nice? Did you miss the part where she’s engaged to Cas?”
If he had doubted his disgust before, it rose up now in earnest like bile in his throat.
“That’s tough.”
“Nothin’.” He cleaned the knife, water splashing into the flames and sizzling. “‘Less you feelin' generous.”
“Dean,” Castiel spoke up as Dean walked off to the right, where the monster had indicated. “They’ve all said the same thing. It's a human portal. There's still no proof that an angel can pass—”
His phone started ringing again, as if to remind him of the fact, and he looked pointedly at Cas. “You deal with him.”
Sighing, he dropped his phone into the center console and twisted his key in the ignition. He had to tell Cas, tonight, that this was his last drive. The only thing worse than dropping the news on him now was him learning from someone else. Much as he wanted to believe what he’d told Meg—that Cas wouldn’t care one way or the other that he was quitting—he knew it wasn’t true. The only question was whether Cas would be hurt, surprised, angry, or a combination of the three.
“Dean,” Castiel warned. He could easily break away from Dean’s grip, but Dean was serious. What had this vampire done to him to gain his trust?
“Yeah, but you will be soon. Figure I should start exploring my other options, since you won’t be around.”
Determinedly facing forward, Cas said, “Alright. He’s got this.”
“Or maybe we can…” Cas trailed off, then shook his head. “Never mind.”
She reattached the pin and stepping back to look it over, decided, “You could actually make that coat look cool if you added more stuff to it.”
Reaching the rocky edge, Dean scrambled onto the sparse grass and pulled Castiel up the last few feet. The portal shimmered a few yards ahead. Just a few more feet of climbing.
Cas had learned a little too much about love from him, though, it seemed. Too willing to give and not receive. Not a fault, but Dean was tired of not asking for love, of denying himself something that he needed like oxygen. He thought Cas might be too.
Back in the cab, Dean called Cas and hit the speakerphone button, set his phone in the center console. They’d used the radio to talk before, keep each other company on long drives when they happened to be near each other, but he didn’t want to crowd the channel now, not when he knew others were listening.
So they did it again. And again. And Dean knew eventually Jack was going to go deeper and let go of his hand and the thought fucking terrified him, but he wouldn’t be letting him go, not really. He’d still always be here; he’d be right here where Jack needed him.
Castiel shrugged. “Just needed work.”
“Broken record, Cas,” Benny muttered.
And Cas was silent a moment before replying, "I wish I’d known you then."
Dean crossed his arms. “We’re fine. I mean, he brought the Djinn here, but nothing we can do about it now.”
Turning around, Dean caught sight of Cas walking inside and smiled. “Hey,” he called.
. We’ll try again.”
“What did you do?” Cas asked in mock shock.
“It was a gift,” Cas said, tucking the cassette into the deck and turning up the volume.
“Shit. Can’t believe you’ve put up with me that long.” More liquid pouring.
“Only good things, honest.”
“I don’t know how often I’ll be in the area, but when I am…”
Cas nodded. “You and me.”
Dean stared at him. “But.” He wet his bottom lip with his tongue. “You still look like you.”
“Dean, this is…” Dean looked up to see Cas holding the drawing of himself. “This is really lovely.” He traced the wings. “It’s like you can see them.”
“Thanks,” he mumbled.
Castiel’s shoulders drooped. “Maybe he’s right.”
Castiel watched Dean’s shirt shift with the slow movement of his chest, slow breathing. “It will take years to repair the trust I broke between us. Perhaps forever. I don’t know if what I did.” He swallowed hard, the words threatening to choke him. “I don’t know if it’s forgivable.”
Benny halted, fist gripping his blade, and Castiel steeled his gaze, let his grace rise to the surface. Tried to, that is. His grace resisted him, seemed wound too tightly in his core.
“You were very rude to Zara,” Cas agreed, shutting the door behind him. “She’s only trying to be kind.”
Cruel because he saw the flicker of shame across Dean’s face before his expression locked down. “It’s not like that, not like that at all, Benny, he—” He glanced after him. “It’s not like that.”
“Yeah, of course. But…” He shrugged under Cas’ hands. “I don’t know, what if I mess him up?”
Benny huffed and kicked at one of the Leviathan heads. It rolled a few feet, leaving a trail of black blood, and the pungent smell washed over Castiel with a wave of memories.
The werewolf’s eyes swiveled between them, sizing them up, then he smiled wide. “So you’re the trio I been hearing so much about. The three musketeers.”
Cas still hadn’t texted him when he left the bar and crossed the street to his truck, so after planning his route for the following day, he gave up on waiting for him and tried to fall asleep, unsuccessfully. He stared at the dim forms of the shelves and curtain in the sleeper berth, listened to the rush and rattle of passing trucks and cars on the nearby highway, crunch of tires on asphalt as other rigs pulled into the parking lot. Usually a comforting white noise, now it refused to recede to the back of his awareness and instead kept him awake, on edge.
Dean started to respond with a “Hell no,” but Cas spoke up first, “Of course.”
“Ah. I'm headed east too. Fucking exhausted.”
Of course Zara loved to garden. Bet she had a whole bee farm, or whatever they called those. Anything to get in Cas’ pants, no doubt.
“But if it weren’t for me, you wouldn’t be fighting for your life, you wouldn’t be stuck traveling with a monster—”
Dean told him about his job on evenings and weekends in high school, long hours in the summer at the garage down the street. “Always thought I’d like to work there full-time,” he said, glancing at a sign announcing an approaching exit. He wouldn’t need an exit for miles and miles. “Work on cars for a living.”
They did have work to do, but that was nothing new. Dean looked around at the start of Cas’ garden, at the slight rise of dirt a few yards away that marked the bunker underground. Maybe this was home for Cas, but it couldn’t compare to a kingdom, not how Zara described it. Begrudgingly, he thought of Cas and Zara's similar interests and her descriptions of her kingdom and how perfect it would be for Cas.
, it was cold. Putting out his cigarette, he shoved his hands into his jacket pockets and watched his breath fade away in white clouds.
“Think they’d learn by now,” Benny said, wiping his blade on the only patch of dry grass around. “Comin’ up against a vampire, hunter, and angel. But they just keep on comin’.”
He'd laid aside prejudices to capture the Purgatory souls with Crowley, after all. Loathed the demon with every inch of his being, but listened to him, worked with him. Blinded by a need to prove himself. Surely Dean was more justified in trusting Benny than he was in trusting Crowley.
Castiel could feel the truth of that seeping into his bones, his grace. Still, he held Benny’s gaze in a glare.
“I don’t know about that,” Castiel said quietly, and Benny frowned.
Instead of Dean’s usual dismissive,
Eyes yanked back to Dean. Who wasn’t watching him anymore, face screwed up, eyes shut, leaning his head back, hips jerking as he came.
“Now you’re kiddin’ me!”
“Car got rear-ended while trying to merge. Right in front of me, I had to swerve into the other lane, thank god there was no one right behind me—” He crossed his arms and Dean realized his hands were shaking. “There were kids in the car, Dean,” he said.
“Can’t. It's mine now. Won it fair and square.” He took a slow step back.
Scratching at the stubble on his jaw, Dean nodded, looked away. “Right, yeah, uh, I know. Sorry, man—”
“To work?” His attempt at innocence was ruined by the grin tugging at his mouth.
After a few minutes of quiet splashing and fewer words shared between, Benny said, “Come on.” He started heading back to shore. “Before it gets dark.”
Stab, slash. Every action anticipated by the creature, jaw cracking into a smile, tongue flicking at the air.
“And if in punishing me, it punishes you? Traps you here? Hurts you? You of all people should know we can’t rely on hope, or faith.” The line of Dean’s shoulders tensed, but Castiel kept speaking, he was used to his words hurting now, “The reality is that Purgatory wants me here and so it’ll keep me here.”
“Sorry.”
Cas shrugged. “Since forever.”
"About that..." Cas started slowly. Dean gave him a look. "Well, uh... Your immune system isn't quite as healthy as you think. I've been giving it a boost for the past several years, every time you started to get sick."
Castiel glanced at him, surprised. Dean twisted the handle of his knife between his fingers.
“No,” he said. “I think someone’s quitting driving. It’s his last drive.”
“Eight years.”
Castiel faltered, eyes slipping from Benny to Dean. “You’re
“Yeah, might,” Benny said, the thoughtfulness in his voice surely all for show. Castiel doubted he’d ever spared two seconds of considerate thought towards him. “‘Course, think angels are closer to monsters than humans are, so they aren’t too out of place here.”
“Tell him about the slide.”
“Anyway,” Dean said around a mouthful. “I’m thinking about rigging up a sheet in the backyard with the projector. Ya know, to watch movies tonight? Thinking Sam and Eileen can come over too, make a whole get-together out of it.”
Feeling a little shaky, he sat down on a bench near the water’s edge and, his face unreadable, Cas sat next to him. He didn’t look angry, at least. Just somber. Serious in the way that was so undeniably Cas, it made Dean’s heart ache.
“You earned it.” Dean held out his hand and they gripped each other’s forearms, Benny’s left palm over the wound Dean had just given himself, Dean’s palm over Benny’s.
They wandered through the remains of cars, twisted and burnt metal, empty husks, and Dean told him how Mary had passed in the night, how they held the funeral when he got back, and it was good, a lot of people showed up, it was exactly what she had wanted.
He flicked his eyes back to the road and shock coursed through him at the sight. A woman was stood in the middle of the road and Dean had to react fast, pushing his foot hard to the break. Tires squealed and Dean could feel the car sliding away from him as he tried to avoid hitting the woman.
“He disappears all the time.”
With one last longing look at the room, he sighed. There was no way he could sleep in there, in that bed, not after last night. With the weight of his pain, he moved down the hall in the hope of getting some sleep.
Gulping, he felt his heart start to beat again, felt it pick up pace and he gazed at Dean's angry expression. “Promise?” he asked through his shaky voice. Where was he going with this?
He waited for Dean to take this in, to process it. He stood slowly, cautiously and Castiel could sense the fear coming off him in waves. Once more, he pushed the need to ease him way down. It wasn't the time yet. “But… Cas, we can't work as a team if we can't...”
Dean shot him a dirty look before staring down Cas again. He couldn't let Cas do this. If anything happened to him, he would never forgive himself for it. He wouldn't survive the pain. He knew that. But he needed Cas to understand too. He was painfully aware his brother was stood right there, but he couldn't care less at the moment, his main priority was to get Cas not to go on this suicide mission. “I understand, I really do, Cas, but...” He fell silent, his eyes softening. He took in a large gulp of air. How the hell was he going to express what he was thinking?
Castiel watched as he closed his eyes and inhaled deeply. He could see the internal struggle within, could see the adrenaline pumping through his veins. Castiel knew what was going to come next, what always came next when Dean couldn't deal with anything remotely to do with emotions. He was ready to fight or run. When his eyes opened again, they were full of rage and Castiel took a step back. He'd seen Dean angry, seen him fly into a full on rage outburst as the emotions struggled within. But he'd never seen him this angry. “Why did you have to say that? You couldn't just let it be,” he spat, his fist clenching at his sides. Was he going to fight or run?
Dean pulled away first and reached up to stroke the tears away again. “I need you just as much, you know that right?”
He stopped crawling, glancing from his brother to the angel. Then his eyes caught sight of Naomi, dead on the ground, her words echoed through his mind. Words of how Dean had to die so that Cas could be with them again, could be an angel again. This was all his fault. He'd made Cas rebel, set him on the course to where they are now. Every mistake Cas has made, it was all his fault. Every time he'd died, all his fault. Everything his fault.
Dean nodded in agreement. “Let's head back to the motel.”
“So are you.”
Dean looked away, his uneasiness evident. “No, you don't.”
- SUPERNATURAL -
“I'm not asking anything from you, Dean. Just to allow me to be by your side again. I just… I don't want to leave. I want to continue to fight by your side, like it was before.”
Dean gulped past the lump in his throat. He dreaded to think what Cas was thinking right now. But he couldn't focus on that, not at the moment. He can have this crisis later when they were finally back at the bunker. “Cas?” he yelled.
Cas was sat up on the bed, breathing heavily, eyes wide and mouth open. His hand was clutched to his head and he looked very, very alive.
It took Dean a while to emerge from the bathroom and he was slightly disappointed to see just his brother in the room. Of course Cas would leave, he'd do anything Dean wanted. He sighed a deep breath when he noticed Sam's 'I want to talk' look. He had it coming and he even though he was exhausted, he decided that it was always better to get it out of the way.
- SUPERNATURAL -
“So, werewolf?” Dean asked, shooting his eyes to his brother before landing them back on the road.
As he stared Cas down, he could feel his heart hammering away in panic. The urge to grip him tight, hold him close and never let go was becoming overwhelming. Dean watched the hardened blue eyes soften slightly, as though the angel could read his mind. The argument had been going on for about ten minutes now. Cas wanted to scope the place out, to see if he could sense anything, to find out any information before Sam and Dean went in all guns blazing. As much as he understood where Cas was coming from, he couldn't help but think that if he allowed this, then something bad might happen. Dean didn't know if he was strong enough for that, didn't know if he could handle losing him, especially after they'd only just started sorting themselves out. Bottom line: he needed Cas and he couldn't risk him.
Cas tilted his head to the side and narrowed in his eyes. “Did you really think I would trust you with my heart after everything?” Dean opened his mouth to answer but didn't get a chance as Cas carried on, his voice rising with each word. “I want to trust you with it. How am I suppose to start healing that trust when you say stuff like this? When you keep pushing me away? I'm sick of this. I'm sick of this feeling. I can't take this any more. Fine. You think it won't work, that's fine. I'll leave. I've been expecting it anyway, so don't worry about hurting me. It doesn't.”
As he looked out over vast expanse of fields, he knew he should be looking for the girl. He had no idea where to start looking for her. Plus his heart wasn't really in it. All could think about was Dean, about how sad he looked when he said he needed distance for a while. He knew what he was trying to say, Dean knew too. He could see it in his eyes. Him needing distance, it was to get over Dean. But how? How does one suddenly stop loving someone.
“We can't kill it. Not only would it be almost impossible, but its the only thing keeping The Empty organised. If it dies...” He didn't need to say that he didn't know, but everyone knew it would be very bad, catastrophic even. “But there may be a way to send it back there.”
. Cas nods and holds his hand over the handle, the lock instantly springs free and the door swings open an inch.
Dean narrowed his eyes in confusion. “Can't what?”
The creature slowly raised its arms, opened its mouth and screamed. Dean felt the power radiating towards him, felt himself being suspended in mid-air. He tried to look at his brother, tried to see if the same thing was happening to him. He couldn't move, completely frozen. All he could see was the creature and the fury it powered out.
A sharp intake of breath. He hadn't expected that. Castiel waited. On the outside he was calm and collected, waiting patiently. But on the inside he was screaming for Dean to just say yes or no. He hated the silence that grew between them, felt the urge to say something, anything. “If you don't want to, I understand. I just...” He just what? If Dean didn't agree, didn't want to then he would have to accept it and leave as quickly as possible. But if he did… the possibilities were endless.
Without a word passing between them, he marched towards the bathroom, slamming the door behind him in the hopes the angel would get the message and leave them the hell alone.
Rushing forward, he noticed how much his heart was beating, how much he longed to be near him, to hold him, to feel that he was truly still here. He stopped just short of him, his breathing came hard and fast and he looked at the beaten up man before him. Cautiously, he reached out a finger. Just a touch. That's all he needed. One touch. Cas was gazing at him with concern, but Dean pushed all of that aside. Just one touch, that's all. He would forever be happy, never needing anything else.
“You deserve better, too.” His voice was sad, full of truth. It made Dean's heart clench painfully. He really believed that.
She just smiles down at him, hand on hip. “Aw, don't be like that. You and me are going to become really, really good friends.”
He can feel two demons kneeling on his arms, one on each. He can feel two demons doing the same to his legs. The woman, Christie, sits upon his waist and smiles down at him. Its not evil. Just smug. He bucks his hips, moves his arms, kicks his legs. But its all pointless. He's not going anywhere and they know it.
Anger curled around his stomach, clenching it tightly and before he knew what he was doing he had crossed the parking lot, crashing into the room like an angry bull. His eyes caught onto blue. Cas was no longer smiling, his face shocked. He faintly he heard his brother say his name, but he ignored it, not daring to tear his eyes away. He tried to pour everything he was thinking and feeling into that one look.
He pushed back from the table, startling both Sam and Jack, both looking at him expectantly. He didn't say anything as he walked past them. He could hear Sam saying his name, questioning where he was going, he didn't answer, a new purpose set with every footstep.
He can feel her smirk at him, a knowing, evil one. She got something, just a flinch, but something. She starts to whisper in his ear again, promising that they have a few more stops before they reach the main event.
That sort of made sense. He did love humanity. But there were better ways to punish him. He opened his mouth as though he was going to say something, he just didn't know what.
Turning his attention back to the man still huddled on the bed, he shook him, softly at first. “Cas?” He could feel his heart in his throat, pumping furiously as he shook him a bit harder. No reaction. “Cas?” he said louder, praying that he would just open his blue eyes. Over and over again he shook him, pleading with him to just wake up.
Dean watched as Cas approached him, crouching in front of him and still he couldn't tear his gaze away. Now he could feel his heart striking against his rib cage with unsteady thumps. He parted his lips to accommodate shallow breaths.
Green eyes. Not looking at him, looking at Sam. A crooked smile. He should let go of Dean. Should allow Dean and Sam to have this moment. Sam whispered his brother's name.
Cas slammed into him, wrapping his arms around him and suddenly Dean felt grounded, safe. But he couldn't move, couldn't bring himself to hug back. Cas buried his face against his wet neck.
Sam didn't wait for a reply. Instead he brushed past Cas and out of the kitchen. He thought about shouting to him about the food, but thought better of it. He needed to discuss things with Dean. Needed to understand exactly what he wants, especially before he makes his final decision. He knew he was going to say goodbye, but if Dean really was done with running and he loved Cas as much as Sam was proposing, then he'd be stupid to let that go.
“Cas?” he spoke a bit louder this time. “I know you can hear me. This is going to be the last time. No more begging, no more getting angry. If you don't come now, then… then I know… right? But.. you need the truth first… I'm scared, Cas. I'm scared of what this is between us. I'm scared that I'll someday lose you. I'm scared what that will do to me. But most of all… I'm scared… I'm scared… by how much I love you. I love you so much that it hurts. I love you more than I've ever loved anyone, so much that I'm terrified by it. Please, Cas, just… you don't have to come back, just promise me that… you'll never forget that your loved, that I love you so much.”
The thought had come to him, he would be lying if he said it hadn't. He could leave. Get some space, some perspective, away from the Winchesters. But they were still hunting the angels down and he couldn't leave the brothers in the lurch like that, especially when it was his fault to begin with. He needed time away from Dean, he knew that was probably how he was going to get over his feelings for the man, but now was not the time.
do that to me again. Understand?” His voice held an authoritative note as he whispered the words.
Dean didn't move, didn't say anything. He just waited, whether he was waiting for Cas to just turn and leave or to continue talking, he didn't know. Cas took a deep breath and continued. “But this… this hurts more.” His voice broke as the tears burned his flushed cheeks. “I made you a promise. Together. Always. If you really want me to leave… then I will, but I'm not going anywhere unless you force me to.”
After what felt like an eternity, he finally undid the last button, he couldn't wait any more. He needed the touch. He ran his hands up Cas's own rock hard abs, causing the angel to moan against him, sending vibrations across his heated skin, making him moan right along with him. Cas pulled back, crushing their lips together again. And Dean gasped into it, not expecting it so soon. Their chests were flush against each other now, their erections pressed together and Dean rolled his hips.
He's missing.
Sam turned with wide eyes as he spotted his brother. Dean had tears sliding down his cheeks, burning his flushed skin. “Dean?”
He frowns at that. Not liking the sound of it one bit. She places a wet kiss on his cheek and he grimaces at the feel of it, at the feel of the lipstick stain he's sure is there. She climbs off him and looks over her shoulder. Five other demons are now in the room, all men, not that it matters much. Somehow he manages to avoid the panic from crossing his face. Whatever happens now, he will not come out of this in one piece.
Castiel wiped the tears from his face with the back of hand and took a steadying breathing, telling himself to get a grip. “It's okay. I understand.”
Cas broke out into a huge smile and through that grin he kissed Dean full on the lips. “I love you, too, Dean.”
“I'm going to add one more.” Cas's gruff voice sent a thrill through him. He felt another finger push at him. This time he felt the burning, but he forced himself to relax. He was desperate for the pleasure again. Once the finger was completely encased by his hole, Cas started to push them in and out again. Dean's hips bucked as they hit his prostate, pure pleasure made his stomach wrap up in knots.
Dean could feel his hands shaking, could feel the need to do something surge through his whole body. “Something's wrong, Sammy.” His voice shook and he hated how vulnerable he sounded.
“I need there to be an us, too.” It was barely a whisper, but Dean had heard it and his heart somersaulted in his chest.
He allowed his thoughts to roam to Sam and Jack and he wondered what the younger Winchester was telling the kid, wondered how he was explaining this. But right now he couldn't go to him, couldn't make Jack understand. Dean needed his full attention and that's what he would get.
“I promise. I promise I will be here when you run, Dean. Always.”
Now Dean was confused. “What?”
He felt it before he saw anything. Falling to his knees, he gasped in surprise, his vision blurring and the pain in his skull throbbing from the contact. He sucked in a steadying breath, glancing around, trying to find the source of the attacker. Nobody. His heart was beating erratically in his chest. From somewhere behind him, he felt hands grabbing each of his arms, pulling him. He fell to his face and groaned as his skin rubbed against the concrete.
A few moments passed and finally, finally, Sam withdrew from the room, sighing heavily, closing the door behind him. Dean released a hard breath, a breath he hadn't realised he was holding. Silence, at last. He was alone again, alone to keep feeling this agonising pain. To keep feeling everything he damn well deserved.
Castiel pretended he didn't see the small smirk playing at his lips. “I asked how the hunt for Kelly is going?”
This is what's safest for Dean. It wasn't the most ideal solution, but it was the better one.
Cas reeled back, breaking their contact, his eyes wide. “Dean… You don't have to. I know you're terrified of this.” He gestured between them.
A movement in the corner of his eye. But he couldn't bring himself to look away from those evil eyes of Naomi. He wanted to plead with her. Wanted to beg her not to do this to them. They didn't deserve this, he didn't deserve this.
He lets out a breath in a rush, the air whistling between his teeth, his chest easing up, shoulders relaxing. “So, what is it then?”
Dean was taken aback by the hand that now pushed against his chest. He hadn't seen Cas move, hadn't heard and Dean gasped in shock at the sudden contact, the heat burning through his t-shirt and igniting a sudden arousal that pooled in his stomach. Cas's eyes were once again pleading, begging. “Say it again,” he whispered, pushing his face towards Dean so that they were only inches apart. Dean gulped past the lump in his throat, feeling the stickiness of it from where it had completely dried up. “I… I want you.”
Castiel watched as the hurt played across the man's face and he instantly softened his voice. “We can't do this, can we? It's not fair.”
Dean brought his hands up to cup the angel's face. “I love you,” he whispered. He needed to say it, needed Cas to know that he really does. He watched as Cas's eyes widened for a moment before filling with pure happiness, a crooked smile on his lips. In answer he placed his lips on Dean's again and continued with the button on his jeans. It was a closed mouth kissed, with a slight pressure and Dean groaned deep in his throat with the feeling of it.
There is so much to see. So much to take in. However, it had to find Castiel, the angel. It had practised for a long time, finding the right ways to use its powers. It isn't sure how long, it could have been hours, it could have been years, but now it has perfected its power. Its ready now.
There was nothing. Not even a flicker.
As it uses this disgusting human to move from town to town in a blink of an eye, it constantly searches, powers reaching out, searching every face, every animal, everything. But the angel is nowhere. It must have searched every town in the entire world… twice. And still it couldn't find Castiel.
“I'm.. fine,” Cas's gravelly voice vibrated against Dean's chest. “I just need… rest.”
Sam placed a hand on his shoulder, sympathy in his eyes. “Dean, it must have been a pretty big argument, and I can tell you're blaming yourself for it… but I really don't think Cas should be sleeping.”
Dean sighed. “That's not what I meant,” he mumbled more to himself than to Cas, but Cas seemed to have heard him. He shot his eyes back to the angel in the back of his car and gasped in a lungful of air at the look he saw. The anger was completely gone and the pain was back. He hadn't meant to upset him, hadn't meant to bring up Cas's feelings towards him. He hadn't meant it like that. He had meant in general, not about anything in particular. But of course Cas would connect the two, the question and his feelings.
He wipes his mouth with the back of his hand, ridding himself of any lingering saliva. He can't bring himself to look at Cas, too aware that he's just shown a major weakness. Its embarrassing. Cas gives his shoulder a squeeze of reassurance and it calms him a little. He wonders how Cas is dealing with the sight that's behind them. Better than him, that's for sure.
Amusement swam through him at the sight of the bewilderment that was now written across the hunters perfect features. “But… But you said...”
He left the shower room, dragging his feet towards the library where his brother was more than likely going to be. It's best to get this over with so he could go back to hating himself. When he entered the library, his blood froze in his veins, his heart started beating erratically. The pain he had pushed down with own hatred punched him straight through his chest, making it hard to breath. He gulped in air. Was this a panic attack?
Dean released him, rubbing a hand down his tired face. He could feel the strain in his eyes, could feel how heavy with exhaustion they were. He hadn't been sleeping very well. To be honest he couldn't remember the last time he'd had a good nights sleep. He shrugged at the angel, trying to convey just how much he really didn't know how to put his thoughts into words, how the best way to express himself was. Of course Cas understood that. Cas knew him so well, sometimes better than Sam did, Dean suspected.
But his brain was starting to catch up. There was a very real threat, coming to destroy his angel, maybe them all. He needed to get his head back in the game, now. He pulled back and pressed his forehead against Cas's, his eyes opening to latch onto blue. “Don't you
The tears finally came.
“I will do anything for you Dean, anything. But I won't do that. You can't… you can't ask me to pretend that these feelings don't exist, not any more. I've tried so hard to keep it all hidden. I really have. But I can't… not any more.” He turned to leave. He gathered his discarded clothes and without putting them on he made his way to the bunker's exit. Dean wasn't going to stop him from leaving and Castiel was totally okay with that. Those words were free and now he felt lighter somehow, like a huge burden had been lifted. Dean didn't love him and he could live with that, as much as it hurt, but Dean knew now, he knew that he would do pretty much anything for him. He stopped halfway up the steps and glanced at the hunter, who was stood watching with a shocked expression upon his features. “We're still friends, Dean. I will always be there for you. Just don't ever forget that someone does love you. I will always love you.”
Cas lets out a weary sigh as if this conversation is weighing him down. Dean waits patiently, hoping and praying that his best friend would open up, to tell him what's wrong. A wave of helplessness washes through him, making his headache pound that much harder. He hates feeling helpless, has always lived to help and protect his family. To stand here and watch a member of his family wage a war inside of himself like this… its too hard because all he wants is to wrap him up tightly and tell him everything will be okay, even if it will never be again, he wants to offer that reassurance.
He wasn't there.
“Dean?” Cas's voice pierced through his thoughts, startling him back into the room.
When he looked through the back window at the road to see the woman, she was gone. His own confusion swelled within him. He was almost positive she had been there. “There was a woman in the road,” he said, by way of explanation.
Happy. Joy. Ecstatic. Peaceful. Content. That was just to name a few.
Cas's frown disappears, his eyes darting to the beds, looking guilty as sin. Dean frowns himself and just waits. “I, uh...” Cas is nervous, worried, shameful and it has Dean quite baffled. “I haven't found anything.”
Oh God. He knew it was coming. He wasn't able to hold it back no more. He darted his eyes towards his brother. He suddenly didn't care that his brother was going to know everything. All that mattered was making Cas believe he did deserve happiness. That he deserved so much more.
He sighed as he heard the motel door open and close softly. He knew it was Sam. Dean wouldn't come to him, he wouldn't be ready to see him yet. He closed is eyes against the onslaught of emotions he was feeling, not wanting Sam to see him so vulnerable and exposed like this. He'd already told Sam what he was doing, why he was doing it and Dean's reaction. Dean would be really furious if he found out he'd told Sam but he knew Dean would need someone to understand his emotions, he would need someone to talk to when the time came. Sam tried to be soothing and understanding as best as he could be, being stuck between the two. He changed the subject pretty quickly, telling him about Jack.
“I-” Dean licked his lips, sending a jolt of arousal through Castiel, making him tighten his grip on those wrists that he still had pinned to the wall. It was a nervous gesture that Dean was displaying. The fact that he had no idea what that tiny action had done to Castiel just made that arousal grow. He held back though. He couldn't lose control. Not now. “I could never hate you, Cas.” His voice was breathy and it made Castiel's heart flutter.
As if on cue, a knock sounded on the door. Dean turned away, sighing, his eyes latching onto the ceiling. He heard the door opening, but he refused to look. He didn't want to see the worried look in his brothers eyes. If he did, he knew he would crumble, would be forced to put on a fake show that everything was okay. He couldn't do it. Not any more. After years of doing that for his brother's benefit, for Cas's benefit, he was just so tired. All he wanted to do was curl up and die.
His finger grazed down Cas's stubble, his touch feather light. They came to a stop at the bottom of his jaw. Now he could be happy. This was Cas. He was alive. He was still here. He hadn't left him all alone. He shuddered at that thought, shuddered at what could have been.
He comes to a stand still and looks across at the faces before him. They are all still watching with caution, unsure of his next move. Then he smiles, his lips turning up slowly, showing his white teeth.
Cas looked up and the hatred in his eyes was fierce. Dean almost stepped back from the power of it. “W-what for? So you… can… kill him? No… thanks!”
“Dean?” he asked curiously, with the small cock of his head that made Dean's stomach flutter nervously. This was really him, he knew that. But what if this was some cruel joke? What if he gets snatched away again? “We need to move, now.”
Something, anything, needed to give. But what? He couldn't do that with Cas. Even if Dean was up for it, which his cock might as well be screaming a yes at him, Cas was in love with him and would want more than a quick fuck. He couldn't break his heart any more. So he needed to get over these urges, needed to push it as far away as humanly possible. He couldn't have Cas, not in that way. It wasn't just that he didn't want to hurt him any more, he also couldn't do it to himself. He wasn't gay. He wasn't into men. How many times had he told himself that in the past twelve hours?
The other two angels surged towards them. And Naomi stepped towards Cas, angel blade in hand.
“That's not what I meant.”
Dean clenched his fists at his sides, just as Cas had done before him. Aggravating this thing wasn't a good idea. They didn't know what it was capable of, didn't know what power it held or how strong it was. The best thing would be for him to stay quiet. But he couldn't hold back his own question that was fighting its way off his tongue. “What's the difference?” he croaked out. He mentally punched himself. He'd meant for it to sound confident, but it came out weak, holding none of his bravado. Thankfully the creature ignored him. Whether that was because he didn't have an answer or whether it was because he didn't see Dean worthy of an answer, he instead addressed Cas.
Cas leant up, changing the position ever so slightly, making the pleasure increase, which Dean didn't think was possible. “Oh, fuck.” He closed his eyes, concentrating on the bubbling in his stomach, on the build-up of his impending orgasm.
- SUPERNATURAL -
Dean pushed away and stood. His brother was still standing there, eyes wide. Shame bounced around his head, making him flush deep. Had Sam worked out what they were talking about? Is that why he looked so shocked? Or is he just shocked by Dean's behaviour? He ignored his brother. Cas deserved his complete attention. Cas stood, his piercing eyes not leaving his.
Tears slowly slid down his cheeks and he watched as Cas wipe them away with the tips of his fingers. “We're never going to agree. It's always going to be this competition between us, isn't it? We'll always think each other deserves more. It's a never ending cycle.”
Castiel tilted his head to the side and narrowed his eyes. “Really?”
Cas just stared, doubt clouding his features. Dean didn't know what he was doubting exactly, he just hoped Cas would get the message. Eventually, Cas nodded and he moved towards Sam. Dean allowed a shaky breath to leave his body and moved to help Cas.
Dean froze, his body tense. Cas waited. Waited for Dean to come to terms with it being out in the open. After what felt like years, Dean finally stood straight and turned to face him. The look in his eyes made Cas reel back. He was terrified. Terrified of what this conversation was going to bring. But Cas didn't care, he needed to know. “Why?”
Cautiously, he reaches up to take the tub, their fingers brushing as he grips it. He pauses, waiting for Cas to release it, but he doesn't. And Dean can't hold back any more. Drifting his eyes upwards, he latches them onto Cas's face, and what he knew would happen actually happens. It feels like he's falling and his heart automatically speeds up, his breaths are coming out harsher than he would have liked. Cas isn't looking at him with judgement, just like he'd assumed, but he isn't looking at him with concern or pity or anything else. His eyes are soft, understanding. Of course, Cas understands where Dean has been for the past eight hours and he gets it.
“Hey, its okay.” Dean had taken the few remaining steps between them and grabbed either side of his face. Castiel froze mid-panic as the heat of those hands comforted him. “It's okay.”
Cas narrowed his eyes slightly, keeping them trained on his brother. “Yes.” He didn't look at Dean as he marched to the passenger side of the Impala and climbed in the back seat. Sam on his part looked a little taken aback, giving Dean the 'what the hell was that about?' look. Normally, Dean would have shrugged it off in his normal gruff manor. But he couldn't muster the energy. If he needed conformation that his friendship with Cas had officially ended, this was it. He let out small sigh and turned his back on Sam, heading to the driver's side of the car.
He could feel Cas's chest rising and falling and he was trying to get his breathing under control. He loved how he'd done this to him, loved how it was all him and nothing else. He looked down at the man he was so in love with and kissed him with just as much passion and hunger he'd felt before. This feeling was never going to go away, he knew that now.
He was right. Of course he was right. Past experiences were proof of that. They always seemed better as a team, together. All three of them. He thought about every time he'd gone off on his own, how he'd always tried to protect Dean from the dangers he'd brought down on them. It had never worked out. Never. So what made this time any different?
“You told him, didn't you?” Dean sounded very angry and Castiel forced himself to keep his feet firmly planted to the ground. If Dean wanted to take a swing at him, Castiel would let him, after all, he did divulge information to his brother that was very private.
“No.”
“I did.”
Dean was going to need some help. “How long have you felt this way?”
Cas tried to be reassuring and comforting to Jack, tried to support him and make him better. But it didn't work. Nothing he said worked. Even Sam tried, and usually Sam was good at these sort of things. Nothing they said or did worked.
This was the loss of someone he was most definitely, and hopelessly in love with.
Castiel knew where that sentence was leading, Dean didn't need to finish it. A new nervousness washed over him. “Are you still willing…? If I was to say yes, lets give it a go again, would you still be willing?”
Lips pressed against his gently and he closed his eyes in contentment at the feel of them, at the taste of them. His eyes fluttered closed. This didn't feel right. This felt final. It felt like a goodbye. He pushed away violently, panic surging through him, eyes sprang open and he looked into those ocean blue eyes, trying to gage what the angel was thinking. His smile had lost all happiness and it now just voiced how sad he truly was. Why? What was going through his mind? Dean could feel himself start to shake as his blood pumped furiously through his veins. Realisation hit him full force. Cas was saying goodbye.
Words were exchanged. Then his mother was there. Then she wasn't. It all happened so fast. The tear closed itself, with Mary and Lucifer on the other side. His mother was gone. Cas was gone. Sam was the only constant thing left. But it wasn't enough.
“Do you trust me, Cas?” He needed to know. He trusted Cas, even if he did leave him. He knew he would do it for good reason and Dean could understand that. He knew that he could get past his trust issues, but could Cas get past his?
A white glow emanated from his palm as he felt his grace ignite, healing Dean's hand. Dean gasped in pain and when Castiel glanced into those gorgeous eyes, he felt his his heart constrict painfully. Dean was hurting. Not physically but emotionally. He wanted nothing more to ease his pain, wanting to take it all away. Dean had been through enough over his lifetime, he didn't need anything more added to it.
Dean didn't know what to say, didn't know how to express what he was thinking, so he did the only thing he could think of. He closed the gap between them, pressing his mouth to Cas's dry lips. Dean moaned into it, trying to show just how much he needed him, how much he loved him, how much he was sorry… again. He pressed his tongue against the slit of his lips, trying to gain access. That's when he realised, Cas wasn't moving, he wasn't kissing back. Pain shot through his chest once more. Was he being rejected?
He was about to ask how he should proceed with that plan when the sound of a startled gasp behind him made him freeze, his blood running cold. He turned to find Dean, staring at him with wide eyes, no not just him, both of them. He heard Sam gulp, nervously. If Sam was nervous then maybe he should start to panic. Nobody said anything and the need to fill the silence became too strong to ignore. “Hello, Dean.”
This is where Dean should step in, assure him that it was a one time thing, not going to happen again. Maybe say he was sorry, that he hadn't been thinking. Yet again, Cas beat him to it. “It will not happen again, I can promise you that. We have come to an understanding now, and things are fine.”
He gasped at the contact and instinct made him squirm. He could feel the panic start to swell within. As a hunter, getting caught like this was bad news. And this creature was more powerful than anything they've come across to date. There wasn't enough time to break free of the hold, for an arm wrapped around his waist, pulling him in tight. He could feel a cold breath, breathing against his ear, sending a shiver down his spine and goosebumps across his skin.
“Not a clue.”
“And if I refuse?”
“I can make you forget.” His voice cracked with emotions.
“Dean, stop.” His voice was croaky, full of tears and he found himself choking back a sob. He couldn't have Dean the way he needed to and it hurt, it cut him deep and he wanted nothing more to get away from this situation, to get away from the hunter.
Dean nodded, feeling those amazing blue eyes burn into the side of his face. He knew what was going to come next. He knew Cas probably had a million questions, questions Dean couldn't answer, questions Dean had no answer for. He tried to ignore it, tried to ignore the way he was just staring at him. But the urge, the pull, to look, was too strong. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Cas bite his bottom lip and a surge of arousal shot through Dean. Instantly he looked away, hoping the angel hadn't seen any change.
He gripped the door handle firmly, ready to fling it open and storm into the bedroom. A part of him hoped Sam wasn't there. He didn't need his concern right now, didn't need his million and one questions. At the same time he hoped he would still be there, because maybe, just maybe, he would be a buffer between him and Cas. Neither his brother or the angel would broach any kind of emotional conversation with the other in the room.
Cas froze, his eyes catching his. The look there completely took Dean's breath away, and not in a good way. His chest started to ache at the panic he saw written upon Cas's features. “Dean?” He knew what Cas was asking. He knew what Cas needed to hear.
Gripping Cas's hand in his, he swung him around. He barely had time to register Cas's eyes opening wide with shock as he crashed their lips together. The angel immediately melted into him, kissing him back just as vigorously, tongues battling together. Dean's head spun at the contact, at the taste and feel of it. This was real, he was real. He was really there with him, alive. He didn't want this moment to ever end as the relief coursed through his veins.
Cas smiled at his words. “But Sam…?”
Again, the urge to run to him came on strong. He had barely gotten two steps when Cas spoke in barely a whisper and the words shook him to his very core, making him freeze all over again.
He bent his head to Dean's, his breath brushing the hunter's cold skin. Softly, he placed a kiss to Dean's dry ones. The tears falling again. “I love you.” A whisper. He gripped the hunter's hand again. Squeezed.
Cas dropped his hand to the bed, lowering his eyes and Dean knew he felt guilty. He wanted nothing more than to tell him he had nothing to feel guilty about, that this wasn't his fault, but he couldn't get his mouth to work. “I'm sorry. I shouldn't have left like that.”
The doctor was feeding him water through a straw. Where did he get it?
“Dean?”
“You can't leave, Cas. He needs you!” His brother's voice was low and steady, but it held accusation and anger. Sam was trying to fix this. Even Dean knew that the only person that could fix this was him.
“Do you mean it? Do you really love me?”
Panic filled those green eyes. “C-Cas?” It was a croak from not having used it in a while, but to Castiel it was the most beautiful sound in the world.
He could push the man of him, tell him no. Dean would never force him, that Castiel was sure of. But he couldn't bring himself to do it. This was for Dean. This was what Dean needed, what he wanted, what would make him happy.
“Cas,” Sam sighed. “He really, really loves you. I've never seen him like this, not with anyone. Not family, not friends, not girlfriends. Just with you.”
Dean smirked. “Hell, yeah. Let's do this.” With nothing more needing to be said. He pressed a button on the tape player and allowed the music to wash over him, ridding him of any thoughts that didn't involve this case.
Sam coughed uncomfortably, bringing both of their attention to him. Dean felt nervous. Had his brother worked out what's going? Will he be disgusted? Would he get all bitchy about how Dean was hurting Cas? Or would he just be plain shocked and unsure as to how he was suppose to react?
“Sounds good. But won't it find a way to get around it?” Sam didn't seem as optimistic as Dean, in fact he seemed quite the opposite.
After a few moments, he followed the angel to the motel room.
The demon inside him laughs, using his voice, it sounds wrong in his voice. Then he speaks. But its not really him and he knows this. All he can do is watch, watch as he moves, watch as she slaps a demon for being careless. He can't do nothing to stop it. Nothing.
He wrapped his arm around Dean's middle and pulled him. Dean went easily, offering no resistance, allowing Cas to take the lead. Castiel's heart swelled at the thought, loving that Dean trusted him so much that he would allow this shift in control. He pulled Dean all the way up, until he was sitting on his lap. They both moaned in unison as Cas's erection hit his sweet spot. He held Dean tight to his chest, willed him to move.
Then Dean was crowding him, kissing him again. He could feel the hard press of his body against his, could feel the bulge in Dean's jeans as he pressed firmly against him. He felt dizzy, felt intoxicated from the feel of him and it confused him for a moment, leaving him wondering how such a human thing could make him feel like this. But he pushed it to the back of his mind as Dean leant up, the devilish glint in his eyes gone, replaced by softness and love.
He waits, holding his breath. He knows Cas will pull through for him, its like its in his basic nature or something. He likes that about Cas, likes how he knows when Dean really does need his help, because Dean doesn't ask for it very often. “What happened?” His voice comes out rushed, as though he can't get the words out fast enough.
This had Castiel reeling backwards in shock. He knew he hadn't been sleeping, but not eating? “Sam, I think its about time you explained to be what's been going on. It must be serious if he's not even eating.”
As they drove through the pelting rain, and as the wind banged against the car, Dean basked in the silence. Every now and then his eyes would flick to the rear-view mirror and settle on the angel in the back seat. Cas for his part was looking out at the darkened day, watching the rain and blur of trees whoosh past them.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, thank you, Sam. I'm sure she'll turn up… eventually.”
Cas melted at his words, he couldn't help it. Dean wasn't pushing him away. Slowly and cautiously, Cas climbed off the bed, not taking his eyes off Dean as he went, partly afraid he'd have another explosion, partly afraid of what he was going to do next. Once he was toe to toe with the man, he carefully slid his arm around Dean's neck and pulled him in. Dean didn't fight him, didn't try to push him away. Instead he went easily, leaning his forehead on his shoulder, wrapping both arms around his waist.
The tears had finally stopped and he had just about managed to calm himself down, but still he couldn't bring himself to move. There was no energy left to pretend. He could no longer pretend that everything was okay. He was broken, there was no denying it. And in that moment he knew he would never be the same again.
- SUPERNATURAL -
“I need to know your okay. Please, Cas, every half hour.” He was back to begging again and Cas's eyes widened in shock. Dean never begged which meant only one thing to the people around him, he really needed this.
That was all the answers he needed. He could feel his heart break in two. He didn't want to know why he won't be with Dean, he didn't want to try and understand. He needed to disappear, he needed  to be alone, he needed to break down in peace, maybe with a bottle of whisky in his hand. He blinked back the tears, praying the wouldn't fall, not until he was as far away from Cas as he could get. He nodded. “Understood.”
The smell wasn't like anything he'd ever smelt before. It smelt of rotting flesh, fire, dirty water and smelly socks all rolled into one. He fought the urge to gag as it hit his nose. Instead, he closed his eyes and clamped his mouth shut, trying to hold the stench off. When he felt brave enough to open his eyes again, the first thing he noticed was his brother pointing the gun towards them. The sight of it sent a small sliver of hope running through him, but he pushed it away. The gun would be useless. It would probably kill him long before it did any damage to this creature.
Dean smiled, happiness filling him, a warmth spreading across his body. Cas truly believed that. “I love you.” He would never get tired of saying those words. He will make it his mission to tell the angel every chance he got.
“When you come to realise what a mistake it was to let him go, it might be too late. He might not give you another chance. You've hurt him too many times already. There's only so much a person can take.”
“Cas?” Dean's eyes opened at the sound of his name, instantly locking with his blue ones. For a moment no one breathed, no one moved and Cas didn't know if he should be the first one to say something. He watched as Dean took in a deep breath. Castiel needed to say something, anything, that would comfort the man. How could he though? Sam was stood right there and he knew Dean would not appreciate it. “Cas?”
After a few minutes he felt his breathing even out, felt his heart slow down and he felt a little calmer. He peaked a glance at Dean and reeled back in shock, letting his hair go. Dean was sat crossed legged in front of him, concern etched upon his face and Cas had to gulp past the lump again. He didn't want pity, not from him. He wanted him to need him, to understand what he was trying to say, what he needed. He took in a shaky breath. “I'm sorry,” he whispered. The shame was starting to build up as the realisation of what he'd done crept into his mind.
Realisation hit him full force then. He was avoiding anything do with the thing between them. He was avoiding his feelings, he was avoiding the rejection, he was avoiding any type of closeness between them. His eyes widened and he stumbled back at the look of annoyance on Cas's face. The pain in his chest expanded as his legs hit the end of the bed. He sat down abruptly. The tears sprang to his eyes, blurring his vision, and he had to bite back a muffled groan. This hurt. This hurt more than anything. He didn't know why this hurt him so much and he didn't want to know why. He couldn't think past the pain that had ignited within him.
“Capable?”
Concentrating on finding Sammy is what pushes him away from the kitchenette counter. It would be so easy to curl up on his bed and cry himself back to sleep. It would be too easy for him to break. As appealing as that idea is, he moves across the small motel room, and sits down on the edge of his bed, curling his fingers together.
Finally, finally, the pain stops and the cool air hits him. He slowly opens his eyes, relaxing his body. He glances at where his tattoo use to be and sees nothing but burnt flesh. He can smell it too and it makes him feel sick, makes him want to vomit. But he gets a glimpse of the demon bitch above him and watches with something close to horror as she slowly opens her mouth.
“Before… Before I leave them, for good. When I get back, Dean. I don't plan on leaving, ever. If that's okay with you, that is.”
“Dean?” His brother's voice pierced through the fog and he leant back, removing the solid arms and settling his eyes on the floor. He couldn't look at his brother and neither could he look at Cas. He couldn't be reminded that he was really gone.
“You don't have to, Cas.” His voice is also broken. Pain filled. Cas's eyes narrow, the pain still evident.
As he watched Cas walk away, he tried to put his broken thoughts back together again. Why was Cas hurt? Why did he feel that pain in his chest at the sight of it? He tried to reason with himself it was because Cas was his best friend. He cared about the dude, so sue him. What he'd been feeling for years was just a sexual attraction, nothing more, nothing less.
Dean nodded in agreement, chewing his bottom lip in thought. Castiel allowed his eyes to wander down to his mouth, a shot of arousal shot into his stomach at the sight. With a whispered sigh he turned his back on it. “Do you not agree, Cas?” Sam asked, unaware of what he was actually sighing about.
He smiled across at him, the smile that was just as sad as Cas's. This wasn't going to be an easy fix. They weren't just going to get past this. They didn't trust each other any more. Dean may be new to relationships, but he knew that one of the things that made them work was trust. If they didn't have trust, then they had nothing.
WOW! I really enjoyed writing that so much! Probably too much. Please let me know what you thought. This isn't the end yet, there is so much more I can do with this story. Please comment!!!
He glanced over at the man he loved. He was sitting across the table from him in the map room, his brows furrowed in concentration, his eyes darting from side to side as he read each page of the book he was holding, every now and then he delicately turned a page, the soft rustling of paper the only sound in the room.
Sam appeared at his side. He hadn't slept. He hadn't eaten. Too worried about his brother. He was worried too. His heart jolted in his chest. What if Dean died? What if all this waiting was just a way to torment him? To punish him? To punish all of them? No, this was his fault and only his fault. The Winchesters didn't need to be punished. They were good, brave and kind.
Dean rubs a hand across his face, releasing the tension there. “Sorry. Its just… you're right. I don't know but its not a risk I wanna take. Sam's missing and I can't… I just can't lose you, too.”
“Of course.”
“You know why,” he whispers back.
Okay, well that was something, Castiel thought to himself. He took a couple of steadying breaths, dousing the fire within to peter out. “Will you still be here when I return?” he asked, softening his eyes. Even if he didn't like the answer, he needed to hear it. He slowly started to prepare himself for the heartbreak that was sure to come.
Cas felt the pain of those words punch him through the chest. Logically he shouldn't feel hurt by this. Dean had kissed him, so he had to feel something or he wouldn't have done it in the first place. But they hurt all the same. “So what is this then?” He tried to stop his voice from shaking, tried to stay cool and collected, as though he wasn't bothered by any of this. But he failed and Dean knew. He knew he was hurting. He could see it in the hunters eyes as they widened.
Castiel sighed and closed the distance between them. He felt Dean's eyes burning through him, but chose to ignore it as he set the coffee on the night stand. He crouched down and looked up into Dean's eyes. “I should leave. I have much to do, Dean. But I made a promise. A promise I intend on keeping.”
His blood freezes in his veins, his whole body tenses, his heart hammers against his rib cage and his eyes bulge wide. He's here. But he didn't come to him, he went to Sam. Hurt fills him, making him stumble and the need to grab the desk pushes him forward. He drops his glass and he hears it smashing into a million pieces in the distance. His breaths are coming short and fast now. He looks at his death grip on the wood,  his knuckles are white. He should let go, regain his composure, but he can't. His mind is churning with a thousand questions. Why is here? Why go to Sam and not him? Why did he ignore him for so long? Is he okay? Is he still hurting?
Castiel tilted his head to the side in confusion. “Don't want?”
This moment, right here, right now, felt right. So very right. They were in an abandoned warehouse, certainly not a place to be doing this, but Dean didn't care. He had Cas pushed up against a wall, tasting him, feeling him. He may be angry, he may be frustrated, but the connection he felt between them was just like their first, proper time they'd been like this.
It had been two days since their little chat in the library. There was no more avoidance. They chatted, they laughed, they kissed, they were happy. Or at least Dean was, and from the look of it, so was Cas, he hoped anyway.
