That he needed to
And then he felt Tony’s hand caress over his ribs, and up over his chest – finally coming to a confident stop, firm against his skin, right over his heart.
he could go back to overthinking how forward he was allowed to be under the rules of a casual relationship-
He was absolutely certain that this instinct needed to be pursued…
A surge of relief flooded through Steve’s body. His limbs fell loose, like his bones had all separated – a hot, basic pleasure rushing in to fill the gap.
(See the end of the chapter for
And he thought, briefly, about what Steve would be thinking and how he might react and what he might say – the necessary starting point for any plan.
Not starting up a thousand well worn arguments about their cruelty and hypocrisy-
saying it.
, what context to use or which role he was playing… because he didn’t know anything about it.
, whether it’s his fault or not. And I apologised for all of that, and came to help you anyway – and then when Zemo started rolling that tape, you just stood there, and let me watch it, and never even said ‘are you okay’. You gave me the same ‘I could do this all day’ line as you gave any other bully, and you rammed a shield into my heart, and you left me there. And
“You sound surprised,” Steve commented, probably failing in his attempt to sound cool.
“What’re you going to do?” She asked, turning back to Steve, her eyes suddenly wide with fear.
Steve let out an impatient breath, and nodded miserably-
to ask questions – to never once make Tony question himself or feel self-conscious about doing this.
“Nat and Pepper went to the bar…” Bucky replied thoughtfully.
that?
“Oh, Steve,” Bucky announced theatrically, leaning back in his chair and throwing an arm over his face. “I
Two of the bad guys died of an unfortunate reaction to arrows, but other than that, everyone is fine…”
Of course, he made the cursory observation that it might
That he
want to know what you did…”
have an excuse. People who assumed he was judging the rules of their relationship – when really, he’d only ever tried to explain the sort of commitment
“Bruce Banner? I gather he’s one of your party?” The officer waited for Tony to give a dazed nod before he carried on, “he’s made it through to the final of the Princess Aura Folk Dancing competition. Which is, you know, quite a big deal. Scaramouche would like to know if you’d like to attend.”
He sighed, and straightened his collar again-
Or, sometimes Tony would just be disgusted with himself. He’d just
the truth about how he felt… But whether he fully understood the effects of this planet, he just knew that he was living through them, that he’d just experienced first-hand the ‘more open, more relaxed, lack of inhibition’ that Dev was sugar coating. The
Thankfully, Steve had no more time to think about it - the moment had finally arrived.
. He liked being pushed to his limits like this. He liked that it wasn’t up to him to take what he wanted, that he didn’t have to work for this, that it wasn’t his responsibility to make it happen-
“Yeah - although I have no idea why…”
head, it’s just…
Every compliment and reassurance that Tony had so easily offered to him that morning...
He heard Tony hum a smile against his lips, shifting his weight so that he could mould his body against Steve.
That Steve never
He was slightly more eager in opening the final gift, still mainly thinking of getting to the previous one… Until he saw the matching leather cuffs, and the length of silver chain - then his attention shifted somewhat.
just you. I actually wanted to say… I know, it must’ve seemed like you were trying to come up with a solution, and I was just picking holes in it. I know it’s easy to be on the opposition, to have a thousand
“No, actually I’m sorry,” Steve pushed on, deliberately dropping his eyes so that he wouldn’t see Tony’s attempts to argue with him. “I shouldn’t have yelled at you like that, I…”
Eventually
how much Steve wanted to let go, how much he wanted to be a part of this… To be
“I love you,” he said.
In the end, Maribelle hadn’t wandered by the soft room again for another three hours – although Tony wouldn’t have known that, if she hadn’t ratted herself out by apologising for it.
Tony barked a surprised laugh at that, which Steve chose to take as a good sign.
And, when he saw Steve cry, it didn’t seem odd.
The decorative marks that Steve was casually appreciating might have great significance to Thor. This might be the setting of a thousand formative memories… Somewhere Thor would never get to see again, as much as he’d like to…
“Yours,
“No, Steve - I love you,” Tony insisted - at which point Steve was cut short by a startled little gasping noise.
“You say that,” Sam cut in, “but these aren’t enemy combatants - we don’t even know what we
hard to focus-
That he needed a break.
But they’d started this, now.
If anyone walked in right now, they’d naturally assume he was in the middle of a breakdown…
Nope. He
“No, we walked in and Stark gave me a strange look,” Steve corrected, tetchily. They’d discussed ‘the look’, several times, and Steve had already made it clear that he wasn’t counting that. Bucky just rolled his eyes again, and gave up on that line of conversation.
And then Steve’s fingertip, wet and slippery now, pressing against his hole again-
As though any of that even applied anymore.
So, instead, Tony leant over Jesse, and put all of that hatred into his tone.
wasn’t worth something… ‘I am trying to get it right’ is not quite the same as ‘I just keep getting it wrong.’ ‘Sometimes I doubt even my core beliefs’ doesn’t mean that isn’t what you believe in.”
wanted to kiss Tony again…
He wanted
The actual memory followed afterwards.
And Tony
, of course, he made an attempt to pull himself together, a serious tone in his head reminding him that he was still being pathetic and ridiculous, that there were still a thousand reasons his life was completely fucked – some of which had only just surfaced.
What was the baseline from which he was judging ‘normal?’
“No, you aren’t,” Tony breathed, still trying to find his balance.
have about the treatment they were giving him.
“And if you
that face…
And then, out of mindless habit, he glanced up at the door…
wanted to run to Tony, however bad he knew it would be when he got there…. The little part of him that was always waiting to be with Tony, whatever else he was doing…
to what Tony was telling him, and thought about it, and wondered…
He turned to the next page, and found the far less ominous title,
everything… and I’ve done it to you, too.”
Tony pointed at the sparkling jars still standing on the countertop, “were a project I worked on nearly five years ago, an attempt to detect and neutralise airborne poisons, do you remember?”
Steve remembered Tony’s hands, stroking over his chest, clawing at his back
Steve thrust into him again, sharp and shallow, twisting his fingers as he ran the flat of his tongue over the length of him. Tony’s pleading was immediately swallowed by a low, feral moan, his hands tugging at Steve’s hair. And all the while that pressure pulsed in Steve’s hips, wrenching painfully with every move Tony made-
to want to bite him. Tony ‘going along with this’, or pushing past some personal discomfort to indulge Steve, or simply thinking he should… wasn’t even close to what Steve wanted. It wouldn’t be any sort of compromise, there would be no upside for Steve to take from it, no ‘well, at least he did it’. If Tony did it like
He let Tony pull him closer, snuggling happily against his chest, a delighted freedom occurring to him as he realised – he could carry on falling now.
And Tony could see that it was also true that
So… He was just going to carry on with this...
“Tony
Steve wanted Tony to know how
And then Tony just felt terrible, in general.
But they hadn’t broken him. Nothing could.
Steve
He could hear the fear and heartbreak in Steve’s voice – Tony
Steve thought about getting up then. It wouldn’t even have been ‘getting up’, really; Steve had just been sitting on the edge of his bed all night. Part of him was dying to leave his self-imposed solitary confinement, to face the unbearable tension that he could feel building on the other side of that door. Part of him
of that stuff.
Steve is there the next time Bucky wakes up, and, at first, Bucky recognises him as the voice he so often wakes up to.
Those moments felt like a victory too, in a way.
“I mean only that I’ve paid attention to you both, as guests of my facility.” He clarified softly. Like he’d intended to reassure them. Like he was humouring any silly fears they may have had about something more sinister…
And again-
“I’ll see you later,” Tony smiled, already taking his first step down the corridor.
, he’d have just said them anyway, and maybe they’d have been right. But it was so much harder to force the words over that frantic self-doubt.
, if it was the lived experience of as many people as it wasn’t? Would it have mattered if
And then JARVIS calmly announced that Captain Rogers’ car had pulled up outside, and it just…
And then it settled into a warmer, more compulsive pleasure… a hunger…
And, again, any further suggestions on tags...
“I just want to walk away from this mess, that’s all I want. This mess that I didn’t even make, that I got dragged into, just to
And this time there was no sharpness to his reaction, as his cock dragged roughly over the sheets – just a hot, compulsive friction, that curled pleasantly into the general feeling of bliss flooding though him.
Still, he’d been through that routine a fair few times, since Steve was last here.
Eventually the tour came to an end and the guide showed them to their suite.
Steve wanted to hear him moan again.
we could… so, you know, it
list, Tony realised – he’d basically meant the emotional apology that he’d just broken down into, too.
desperate to help him… a long way away from
“Not really,” Bucky answered, with a confident shake of his head. And then, when Tony paused, baffled, he clarified, “it’s not even about that.”
Tony stretched, and sat himself up, and began searching for his shirt amongst the sheets. And then, in a tone that suggested a deeper meaning, Steve asked,
“That was the day I met you,” Steve said - hoping that he hadn’t crossed the line into too cheesy…
“So, you like him, but you don’t know why you like him?” Rhodey summarised, and Tony laughed in spite of himself.
“Yeah… Also, you were right about not…” Bucky added, sheepishly.
That if Obie hadn’t done this to him in such an
said, ‘accidents will happen’. And there was an image of your dad – the newspaper headline, the day after he died. Just a flash,
Tony took in every detail of Steve’s reaction. He saw it all in such easy, comfortable clarity.
But still, his ultimate aim remained the same.
And he was overwhelmed with admiration and gratitude and
His entire being burned with the effort of staying tense like this, to the point that he actually felt as though he was floating, disconnected from his own limbs.
come home, I mean…”
just love, and I would’ve risked anything to keep it, even then-”
“Steve, they’re beautiful,” he breathed. “You’re beautiful. You’re amazing, and I adore you, and I - just, I can’t believe you’re really here-” was cut off when Steve kissed him again, warm and playful this time.
Which was at least in Tony’s own voice.
When, in reality, Steve had probably been anxious about Bucky, or something Nat and Sam were up to… All those moods he’d hidden, or lied about. All the little performances he would’ve had to go through, at different times, to keep that one secret from Tony – all while Tony had thought he was getting somewhere. All the memories that had been so precious were actually just memories of Steve making something up, having to find something to fob Tony off with… wishing he wouldn’t ask. And Tony was still so humiliated, to think how much those moments had mattered to him. He wished he’d never had those conversations.
still want to-
Like he was so sure something dreadful was happening…
blue eyes, just looking at him like that… Tony rubbed his face, irritably, and tried to at least put it all into some sort of order. Instinctively starting with the
Remembering
To be trusted.
you’ve done,” he began in a pointedly peppy,
“Not really,” Tony confessed, wearily. “Well, I mean yes, there
…It was so much
And wanting an excuse to spend time with Tony and getting to overthink the fact that Tony had invited him and thinking that Tony looked especially lovely in that tux was probably all very silly - but it was a reason to want to be here.
Steve shifted his weight onto his knees, so that he could pull Tony against his chest-
knows that you’re only doing all this
Because it was all still unfolding in his mind, even as he spoke.
. With you not answering any of it at all. Never mentioning the things you did wrong. Walking away whenever
Every nerve in his body jumped, as he heard the little scuffle of Tony taking something from the top of the cabinet. Every cell seemed to pull closer together, as Tony knelt down behind him-
, they asked if we could make them forget…” And Adam shook his head,
“Some of it,” Tony admitted, watching her eyes widen in alarm. “But I’m okay-”
want, and would want all of, if it weren’t impossible. The job you’d give anything to take. The family you’d give anything to have… the man who’ll never love you back. So,
What struck him as far
“Okay.” Steve promised.
have the option of just driving away from this place.
“Actually, she’s right,” the first Varian laughed. “And there’s no reason you can’t take a look around their labs at the same time…”
Maybe it was just that he’d always thought it’d be
He melted into Steve’s chest, instinctively trusting that Steve would support him - knowing that he was
“Hey, it’s okay,” Tony whispered, leaning closer. In a burst of feeling, Steve wrapped his arms tight around him, pulling him up onto his chest, so that Tony was lying right on top of him. And then Steve buried his head into Tony’s neck.
“…I’m not going to do half a job,” Tony answered, in a level voice. Pepper just nodded,
He was actually surprised when he was able to pick Rhodey out of the crowd a few feet ahead of him - he’d taken for granted that looking for people didn’t work anymore.
He waited until Steve nodded before he finally pulled away.
...Belatedly, Tony noticed that he felt somewhat lightheaded… probably had for a while, now…
And, as it turned out, it was the barely-conceived thought that - whatever Tony thought of
able to picture it.
By then, Tony had been in the workshop for nearly twelve hours, and had gone through fourteen box files, three folders full of project notes, nearly two hundred pages of meeting agendas and countless scraps of handwritten doodles. He had also, in that time, run through every possible human emotion at least twice, revisited every interaction he and Steve had ever had, and reconsidered basically everything he was ever sure of.
And then Tony gave a needy little moan and sat up, suddenly, twisting so that he could kiss Steve’s lips.
And then he watched Tony’s eyes darken, the overwhelmed expression heating into something more determined. His face lit up with a mischievous smile, before he leant closer, and told Steve,
Tony crawled over him, so that he could kiss those lips again… and then his cheek, and then his jaw. He heard Steve’s breath catch, as he pressed a long, slow kiss to his throat. Tony could feel Steve’s blood rush to the surface, his own mouth watering in an immediate reaction to the heat of it-
This complete, provable…
Tony let go of a carnal moan, which soon trailed back into a whimper, as he fell away from that limit and back into focused, bodily desperation. He pulled the sheets into his fists, trying to dispense some of the eye-watering tension as Steve stroked his hands over the curve of his ass, his tongue still working against his rim in sharp, determined motions-
He began, seriously “In terms of things that have gone unsaid. And I know it probably seems redundant now…I guess I’m just saying this because I feel like it
“...And you have somewhere to be, apparently?” He demanded, childishly, gesturing at the door.
And Steve found he was surprisingly…relaxed, about having said it. Just… pleased that it seemed to be the answer Dev was looking for, really…
And, of course, she could simply have banged the glasses down in an attempt to get their attention. She might be refusing to look at them because she didn’t want anyone to see them talking. It would’ve made sense.
this-
He wasn’t saying it out loud; he
The pleasure of it throbbed through Steve, right down into the core of his spine, pulsing through his shoulders. He gasped, and gagged, and tried to say something like
already know as much as someone who did it all once, and we’ve got a good few months to act on that, yeah?” Tony interrupted, like someone trying to keep their temper.
His other thoughts immediately fell silent, like a room full of screaming children hearing their mother yell in
“Okay, well, they’re security guys, right?” Sam offered. “I could just go out and yell ‘
“…Or if maybe everything is like I thought it was, and that’s okay, and it’s just kind of… nice it happened…? I mean, maybe it’s all just the same shit, and this is just a thing that happened” Tony just carried on, talking to himself now. Trying to work out the shape of this thing. “Until what happens afterwards… but maybe that was always going to be awful, and maybe it’s actually less awful now.
more.” Tony mused. “It’s just the way I prefer to think about things, I guess… Actually, baking always made much more sense to me than cooking.”
it, a constant, pulsing pressure, right there at the front of everything.
...He wasn’t sure he was ready for
… And Tony felt so good, under the warmth of it…
“...We’re in the breakroom,” he remembered, out loud.
And maybe it helped that he already knew Steve loved
“And yet you still have your arm in the sun” Steve reminded him, his voice getting a little tighter. And Tony laughed.
He stretched out on the couch, curling his toes happily and letting go of a particularly dramatic sigh. His eyes slipped shut, as he thought back to waking up in Tony’s arms… The warmth in Tony’s voice,
For the first time since this horrible idea first wormed its way into the plan, Steve didn’t flinch away from it. He forced himself to imagine what it was really going to be like, watching those Super Soldiers come for Tony. How he would really feel…
go home now, that he would see Tony again, that there would be other nights
Which, okay, with
But that didn’t mean this whole thing wasn’t shit. Just because Bucky was more comfortable than he would usually be, it didn’t mean he was comfortable. Just because it was the least-worst option, didn’t mean he didn’t hate a thousand things about it.
And then Tony beat him to it.
But then… Maybe he didn’t have any good options on this one. Maybe that would just have to be okay.
Forgotten how to talk.
“Hi,” Steve breathed, fighting the giddy smile that was threatening to break out-
And God, Tony loved him.
And the burning, pulsing need in his hips-
get their head around a new idea, or update their ideas, or consider a unique set of circumstances, if they never felt safe enough to just ask what the hell was going on…
When he finally managed to look up at Steve, he could see the visceral fury that still tensed his muscles, the naked instinct in his eyes - the pure, inhuman power that still radiated from him. Tony knew that none of that was...
“Yeah, me too,” Steve soothed, pulling Tony close again so that he could kiss his forehead. His stomach dipped pleasantly when he heard Tony hum a smile in response - but, of course, it couldn’t last. That cool discomfort began to gather again, even before he could ask, “so, why on earth would you want to say yes to that?”
When he thought about telling Pepper any of this, he could only imagine her being frustrated and frightened by it…
And he didn’t blindly accept that his previous mindset must be correct.
“Because you don’t usually drink like this?” Belle enquired.
Over and over, for hours now-
“No, we said maybe another three months, didn’t we baby?” Her girlfriend agreed, amiably
And he didn’t want to remember it and be sad.
desperate to hold on to what you’ve experienced here, and if being here has been so life affirming that you can’t bare to undo it, why are you so sure it’s wrong for the whole world?”
...Just because that would make a lot of sense, thinking about everything else he’d read
too arrogant, that it’ll be
“Sorry – are you two okay?”
something, that this revelation was bigger than what was happening in the moment, that this was actually so much better than how it felt right now.
“I’m not suggesting you watch it,” Tony added, hurriedly. “And I’m not saying you
colour…
But since he’d woken up in the future, everything was different. Steve had enough trouble working out how to talk to anyone at first, much less talking about
They laid there for a little while longer. Quietly enjoying a perfect moment together, after all that complicated heartache. The few minutes, after they’d sobered up enough to really appreciate everything, and before real life had a chance to intrude…
look like…
Secondly, in order to manage expectations - 1. this is a fade to black, so you do not get to see this smut scene in the next update (although you do get to hear about it, and you do get *other* smut at the end of that update)
Because he
So, for the time being, the true extent of what had happened would have to stay as their little secret…
The deep, all-consuming desire that had been growing in him since… well, probably since he first laid eyes on Tony.
remember that feeling. He felt as though he might be able to find words for it, if he gave it some thought…
It was like all that love, and all that relief, all that released tension and hope and soothed hurt, was in this one kiss. Tony felt his body take over completely, every part of him trying to press closer, every sense just flooded with him.
That was all he wanted, anyway.
Steve wasn’t sure what to call the feeling that welled up in him then. It seemed wrong to call it a good feeling, when Tony was sharing a personal fear like that. And, of course, Steve would far rather have taken it from him – to have been able to snap his fingers and give Tony the life that he deserved… But it felt very strongly of
didn’t matter. And he didn’t want to get over Steve. He didn’t
were the things that worried him… All because he didn’t want to think about what had actually given him indigestion all week.
“I don’t know, I just saw it on the way to the hotel,” Rhodey answered, “I mean it was
wanted to make a better life for us, and for everyone really. And he knew that if those troops reported back what they’d found and – it was a split-second call. He had to decide whether to let them take everything from him, or use the only weapon he
to manage every conversation effectively. Maybe he didn’t have to say the right thing every time… maybe that didn’t always mean he’d done
Steve didn’t know what to call the reaction he had – was
That strange, dull
, none of this would be happening if it weren’t for you. Or Pepper…”
lucky to have Bucky. To have met him in the first place, to have found him again – to have him
Belatedly, Steve realised that his jaw had started to ache - that he’d been tensed against a tremor ever since he’d turned the water off.
just talking…
“Tony are you- is this-” He stammered, his fingers curling into the fabric of Tony’s shirt, somewhere between nervous and desperate. And Tony smiled.
Tony realised that, if he removed his own faulty hypothesis, and just asked himself the question – why might a
Decide that
But still, he carried on trying to read.
That probably would’ve served as enough emotional exploration for this little pitstop - certainly more than he came here for. In fact, Steve had just decided to pause the philosophising for a while, and maybe start walking in a random direction-
Tony’s father
The bruising pressure, the eye-watering sharpness, the dull burn that spread through his hips in its wake.
And then his eyes drifted over to Tony, who was effortlessly charming an elderly couple at the bar, and a little voice reminded him,
If anything, Fury’s uncharacteristically gentle approach had only sent up more red flags. At once, Tony knew there was no way that Nick would
“Well, we weren’t playing an especially affectionate couple,” he winced through his smile. “And we weren’t playing a couple for very long, as it turned out… But yeah, that was uncomfortable enough that you really don’t have to worry that you added to it. Honestly.”
And then he stopped dead, his body tensing upright in time with Steve’s.
else, watch every choice you ever made that didn’t involve me… it’d be so
monumental decision, maybe he could make it.
Instinctively, he looked up at Sam, assuming that he’d at least be able to share his bewilderment-
“It’s not a hassle if it’s what I
they didn’t try to do that…
, somehow, for Steve to just say these things, without any filter or humour or
So, to start with, there is no sexual contact in this scene, just in case anyone is going to be anxious reading it, wondering if it's going to turn that way - it's not.
And then Bucky commented, casually,
He saw the dark crimson stain, still spreading slowly through the fabric, an illicit thrill pinching in his hips as he remembered how exciting that was…
And Steve smiled again… like he’d waited just as long to hear them.
Steve followed the movement of it through the space around him, eventually turning to see a short, very pink-skinned man in a sequined robe. In his hands was an instrument, like a lute, but much smaller…
Until he’d just let everything go, a more complete feeling of release and relief and
thing, seeping into the cracks. That little voice that kept whispering in the background of everything. That constant question, at every stage of his plan –
remember Steve - not only as a collection of images or a specific feeling. He remembers who Steve
Oh, he wanted-
Everything about Tony felt right.
Tony felt his stomach drop. He realised, belatedly, that the solution he was merrily putting together would actually take a lot of work… Work that only he could do. Immediately, he panicked that he was just walking himself further into something that he was desperate to get out of. And then – much more unnerving – was the first stirring of an idea… that maybe he
“So, what
“So…” gestures vaguely to the Red Skull, and then at the mystical hellscape they were standing in, “...how?”
And it certainly looked as though Steve was doing this right.
And then he made himself look at Steve again. His eyes soft, and full of some hard-to-place emotion that was somehow reassuring.
“I’m so sorry that you were so weak and ill as a child.” Tony whispered. “That you never knew your father, that you lost your mom.”
By the time they reached the kitchen, Tony’s ears were actually ringing.
And then he let go of a little breath, and flexed his muscles into position.
, Steve.”
And then he felt the warmth of Bucky’s palm against his arm - not forceful, or aggressive. Just there.
“Okay, so, fine,” Steve answered, perhaps a bit too eagerly. “So, how do we know that?”
He flipped back to the previous page and squinted at it for a moment longer. And then he began flicking through the remaining few pages, focusing his eyes solely on the shape of the word ‘Consort’. But nothing leapt out at him.
“Please baby, I want you to fuck me,” Tony promised as he scrambled to retrieve the lube from his pocket, hastily pouring a generous amount over his hand as he continued to stroke the length of him.
And then Tony’s eyes flitted lower very briefly, and Steve remembered the lace shirt again - for the first time all evening, he thought how ridiculous it was that he was wearing it-
2) There is a fairly obvious drug effect on both of them in this chapter, which leads to some pretty out of character behaviour - although doesn't lead either of them to do anything immoral/dangerous/outside their usual ideology/especially embarrassing (I don't think, anyway) And I think it's fairly clear that it's the effects of the drugs.
He and Clint had shared so many different lives, and so many different relationships… And, somehow, all of that made Steve less sure, now.
...Okay, maybe that would hurt far more than he’d realised, when he started this.
“No, that was pretty dumb,” he sighed. Rhodey offered a reassuring smile.
It all tumbled into the same seemingly endless cascade of misery.
“Doesn’t
“Well, I mean, I’m doing this because I like you, and I did… that, because I like you,” Steve explained, “So, I guess, in that respect… But I’d like you either way, and I’d want to do either of those things, either way…”
He could be excited for the life he had here, and love the Tony that was real here, and care about helping the Bucky that existed here…
that need, there under the surface… that had always been there…
Until he felt Tony press hit his prostate, sparking such a visceral, panicked need for more that it somehow dragged the words up through his throat,
going to try.
When Steve emerged from the bathroom, his hair was still damp.
He knew that Tony owned a company, or ran a company, or both, and that company used to make weapons, and now made things that Bucky had filed under the generic heading of ‘tech.’
“You are both currently under the influence of a perfectly harmless and entirely temporary drug, designed to keep you somewhat sedated-”
But, somehow, it felt like an opportunity that he couldn’t pass up.
“No, I’m thinking we’re going to be late,” Steve answered,
, and how invested he was in this whole ordeal-
where Steve was. He just knew.
change things for the better… being honest,
“Well, for what it’s worth, I don’t think any of the other treatments are going to be as bad as that was. Some of them might be time consuming, and boring, but…” he shrugged. And then he watched Steve smile again, and nod another thank you… and blush, just a little…
And then they were both right in front of him, and Steve suddenly found himself a part of the conversation.
Steve shifted his weight, about to look again at who was watching them-
Somewhere, a little voice asked him,
A little frown pinched at Tony’s dreamy expression, as he tried to decide whether he was uncomfortable with this train of thought…
Steve remembered the night before - although it already seemed like such a long time ago… He remembered feeling Tony melt against him like this, he remembered it feeling significant in exactly this way…
to me that maybe someone had built a whole soundstage just to fuck with me. It never occurred to me that Nick had bugged my apartment. It never occurred to me that Nat was on her own compartmentalised missions the whole time I thought we were working together. It never occurred to me that Tony and Bruce were building a super intelligent AI in secret. It never occurred to me that Clint had a secret family. It never occurred to me that Rumlow and Pierce were Nazis, or that I was secretly working for the Nazis, or that my neighbour Kate was actually an agent named Sharon that Nick had paid to spy on me. And yet apparently it
of the gaps-
By the time Steve had anyone he could call a friend – by the time he knew who he could trust, and had enough basic understanding to be sure he wouldn’t mortally embarrass or frighten anyone… by then, he already had that reputation. That history of never being comfortable talking about it.
“You know what, let’s dispense with all the cute metaphors and the role playing, shall we?” Steve suggested, darkening his voice as he stepped forward to tower over Nick. His blood flashed hot when he saw the instinctive way Nick curled in on himself.
might be too late-
And then they both just burst out laughing.
to help me, with all this?” Steve whispered, taking Tony by the hand and pulling him closer.
…Not that sharing in this part of it was any great hardship, at least from Tony’s point of view.
…Oh, yeah – they didn’t
And it was only when Tony was really looking at it, that he realised…
were supposed to decided whether you should tell me
Steve, to everyone who’d ever judged him ever. It wasn’t so much that it wasn’t about Steve, it was just that it was about
“Oh, Fuck,
. You know, Scott Lang could so easily have killed me.”
“We’re not leaving them in there,” Sam asserted, almost angrily, shifting between glancing anxiously at the building and looking defiantly at Tony.
By the end there, the same cloud of confusion and emotion was beginning to get the better of him too. His attempts to hold the drugs at bay for long enough to hand the mission over had become increasingly difficult – and then fallen by the wayside entirely.
But in what unknowable, unimaginable form?
And he asked himself… calmly, and with a completely open mind…
…He knew what he meant, right now, okay?
So, instead, he tried to quiet his mind entirely, focusing on the rhythmic clanging in the radiators as he drained his mug…
Tony felt his panic grind to a halt, a wordless confusion fizzing up in its place.
just feel good
night…
Steve went to push himself up, but it was like his arms just weren’t there, like he fell through them
He wasn’t really sure
, we’d better be quick about getting there before he
Tony hated himself, for
Already, Steve could feel that Tony
telling him,
Hope you enjoy it!
...And again recognised that he simply couldn’t be
“Is that… bad?” Steve asked, nervously. Giving into the biggest fear first. Tony shook his head self consciously.
lose him there, but I mean… The number of times I’ve imagined what would have happened if I’d made a wrong move in that fight and he’d been seriously hurt. Or if he’d really hurt Bucky… And I know that wasn’t even
“...Is this anything like what happened with Nick?” Tony asked, carefully.
he was wrong. And that’s gotta be better than having to keep telling yourself he was? And… maybe, as well as all the stuff you’d know you were right about… Maybe there
“Hi Steve, how are you?” The man beamed, extending a hand. Steve took it, awkwardly.
just consider himself off for the night. After all, it was nearly seven in the evening-
He looked down at Steve, who was still dressed except for his jacket and shoes, but so open and calm and sincere that it felt like all of him was displayed for Tony…
, sort of a gesture, and nodded.
He’d spent the first two hours after Steve’s return hidden away in his workshop, under the direction of a wordless anxiety that he ‘probably should’. And it wasn’t that he’d talked himself out of that, so much as the cabin fever had gotten to him - and now he didn’t know whether he should feel guilty. Whether he was supposed to be talking himself out of a ridiculous, irrational paranoia - or whether he should’ve listened to that warning and run.
immediately tried to write lower down the bed, his legs already trying to hook themselves over Steve’s hips-
Bucky nods at once.
But he felt so much better for Tony being here. That much was a given.
And Steve couldn’t
“No offence, but no one invited you,” Tony replied, a questioning tone in his voice.
Tony looked at though Steve
He didn’t like how distant Tony seemed, how uninvested he was in the conversation - like he was talking to a stranger.
Flustered now, he reached for his water glass, more looking for a way to cover his face than anything else. It wasn’t until he took a sip that he realised how thirsty he was…
A lightbulb lit up in his head.
…And, weird though it was – Steve quite liked that Tony knew he was lying. It came as a relief, a
Out of nowhere, he found himself remembering,
“You didn’t do so bad,” Rhodey assured him, quietly – but Tony could still hear the emotion in it.
That would be something... wouldn’t it?
He turned the tap off.
hated him for any of the other assassinations that the Winter Soldier carried out.
to say it,” Tony smiled.
, the point is, you’re right, you aren’t a replacement for the friend I lost - and you’re right to tell me if I’m making you feel that way.”
...And why he ached all over.
By this point, his mindless tour had once again reached the break room - which he’d started thinking of purely as a turning circle. He automatically followed the now familiar route through the kitchenette, behind the couches, past the windows…
That was an uncomfortable thought, for a number of reasons.
After a second or two of struggling, Tony actually lowered his eyes.
Truthfully, Tony didn’t even know what he was saying yes to.
And that came to him
Which was exactly where Steve wanted him, for this.
Everyone thought the team had been pulled apart by the revelation of this horrible secret - but it hadn’t. What destroyed the Avengers was the existence of the
, Tony loved this feeling-
“Oh God I love you,” Tony panted, “Jesus Steve-”
remember, from before. From when he was young. From when he was human.
…Right?
The fact that he might
And again,
Tony couldn’t explain any of that. However far he’d come since last week, however much he trusted Steve, he couldn’t go
It never lasted
Even though this was all so unlike him, so different from anything he’d done in the last twenty years, it still seemed so natural. Like coming home. Even though he hadn’t been in this head for so very long, and even though he had a whole other life he’d built somewhere far, far away… he could never really be a
of knowing that the world is going to be attacked by aliens in a few months’ time, so now I have to ask myself if it’s a good time to totally screw over the whole of global security. Not to mention that a lot of those SHIELD scientists really did think they were working on a cure for cancer, or a new type of prosthetic limb, or whatever, and a lot of people are going to suffer if I just delete every project SHIELD ever worked on, out of spite.”
“Oh, Tony, I didn’t mean for-”
“...Okay,” Nick answered, carefully, like he’d finally figured out that he was over his head.
But Tony had never let people force him into choices. He took a slow breath, and warned himself not to be goaded into
And, as he was thinking about it, it slowly began to dawn on him…
So, he pulled Steve in to kiss him.
just because of how much I like you… Can it?”
But Steve wasn’t here, so Tony had no choice but to throw his arms around himself, and let this feeling wash through him.
He found that he had to search for the meaning of the word - and, for whatever reason, the first thing that came to mind was a half-remembered news report about Prince Phillip. Which wasn’t of much help.
He could only remember growing increasingly distracted by his own discomfort as he argued with himself, bouncing between the fact that he obviously couldn’t drink anything on this planet, and the fact that he couldn’t actually go for four days without a drink….
Steve had constructed all his thoughts and all his actions around those few basic truths. That he would have to walk away from Tony. That, somehow, he’d have to be okay afterwards. That this whole thing was all in
, Tony could really only think about the fact that Steve would be here soon. Thinking perfectly ordinary things about it; wondering if he should kiss Steve when he got there, where they could actually sit and eat, trying to guess if Steve would be dressed up and what Tony could read into it either way…
...He wanted to know if that was even possible
Tony felt a nauseous conflict drag through his gut. He didn’t know how to reconcile this wave of affection with this surge of irritation. How to explain this resistance to saying all the things he’d been yelling in his head for a year.
you ‘the sort of person’ who gets an anxiety attack at the train station, just because you have an anxiety attack every time you walk into a train station? That’s a stupid question, right?” Tony laughed back.
And because it never felt like his place to have an opinion on what happened. He’d never felt like he knew enough about the history or the context… And it certainly would’ve felt like a liberty to offer any sort of opinion to Tony.
Well, not exactly as planned.
But he didn’t.
God, he
of his bad mood.
the way she flinched.
And Tony laughed kindly. Gratefully.
thought he’d ever hear Steve say-
“Sir?” JARVIS interrupted, cautiously.
to be that. And I know it sounds so… entitled or whiney or… but I never wanted it to be that, I’ve never wanted that. I wish I could’ve been unsure, that I could’ve
Which wasn’t what they usually did, either.
that Tony had something important to tell him. That Tony was anxious about telling him, or excited about telling him… That wasn’t just Steve looking for excuses. That was real.
it was going to be magicked away.
The look that flashed up in Steve’s eyes when Tony clawed at his back.
...That confidence had wavered just a little, when he saw the havoc he’d created a few days earlier - and so easily remembered the feelings that had triggered it.
to hold him.
And God, he felt so good,
“Now, just so you know – we don’t approve of shaming people into taking these drugs, any more than we approve of shaming people out of it.” Belle explained, walking over to them again. But she didn’t sit “So, this shouldn't be taken as an encouragement to do anything you don’t want to, or any pressure to do something you aren’t comfortable with. This is just so that you know your options, and that they’re available to you.”
But then Tony had arrived at the Tower, and brought with him an immediate surge of relief and rightness. Something powerful enough to make itself known even over the top of Steve’s emotional breakdown-
Steve’s breath shuddered a little as he inhaled, slowly. He swallowed, hard. And then, in a tight voice, he managed,
“Okay, fine,” Bucky went on, a
Tony would have forgiven Steve for that mistake, if it weren’t for the things
Of all the things that occurred to him during that long and painful night, that was perhaps the worst. The slow, sad understanding that he really was just hurt because Steve didn’t care about him. Whatever proper sounding, principled points he had… he probably
at Bucky, to know that they’d both taken that as a given. Which, obviously, meant that they couldn’t strategize out loud-
He even gave a jaunty little wave before he turned on his heel to leave. He made it three wide, comfortable strides before Nick found his voice, and called after him in a panic,
Oh, God, where the hell had that come from?
…Seriously, he had no idea how he was going to deal with
Ah. There was the anxiety he might’ve expected earlier. A sudden realisation of how huge this all was – how ridiculous it was that he’d just been sitting here in a haze for hours, oblivious to the whole world burning.
“No, actually” Adam breezed – like he’d expected the question, and had been looking forward to catching Tony out. “If it helps ease your corrupted morality, as it currently stands –
Still so overwhelmingly thrilled that he couldn’t.
gesture of kindness. More real, more personal, than Tony’s professional offer to help in the first place.
And Steve gave his head the tiniest little shake,
knew how important this specific job was - how important it was that he
He hadn’t expected the chance to relive this memory, and he would never have expected it to go as well as it had - for it to feel exactly as he’d always hoped it would.
Every little shiver, at the root of every blade of hair, running across every nerve in his body. Spreading out in all directions, melding and shifting and sparking as they ran into other sensations. Everything just floating in the collection of vaguely connected thoughts and limbs that comprised Steve Rogers, right now…
“Some media company,” he shrugged, with unconvincing nonchalance.
“There’s always a situation happening somewhere,” Nick breezed, confidently walking over to where Steve was standing.
paper trail. The best forensic accountants can’t figure out how these people pay their water bill – even the Stark tracing programmes found nothing,” and he paused to watch that catch Tony’s attention. Which, of course, it did.
He could just about make out the sound of Bucky laughing at him, as he disappeared down the stairs.
“Sam’s here. Sixty seconds.”
He should
“Well, honestly, it’s all just good news,” Tony announced with a tempered sort of optimism, as he waved a hologram into life. “All of the results so far put you way ahead of where you were the last time around.”
“And I want you to know, I
“C’mon,” he whispered roughly, tugging Steve by the lapel. “Let’s go and say hi to the governor.”
“...I… I don’t-”
...Tony was
He loved Steve for being
“I mean, in case my therapist
“It was… wonderful. I think,” Tony sighed. He noted Rhodey’s truly heroic – but ultimately unsuccessful – attempt to keep his excitement from flashing up on his face. Tony made a point of carrying on before he could say anything. “At the time, at least. Because, for a start, he didn’t freak out. About the blood, or about me being a vampire, or… any of it. And that would’ve been a pretty big thing, I think. And I think that part’s just good… I mean, maybe it’d mean rethinking some stuff around the edges… but if it was just that, I don’t know if I’d have to rethink my whole approach to life. I think that would’ve just been nice, and maybe kind of better…”
“I love you.”
It was the strangest details that grabbed him. The sad little rose bushes on either side of the church door, with their few wilted blooms that always looked tired. The aluminium pole that stood in the middle of the sidewalk, that everyone knew used to be a bus stop, even though no one was old enough to remember the sign. The large, jagged crack in the church wall, that Steve hadn’t even known that he’d noticed… These were the specifics he never would’ve thought to tell people, the meaningless details that he’d forgotten altogether until he was looking at them-
Those hot, deep waves that rolled through him, as Tony stroked the flat of his tongue over him again.
Steve felt so good. Every move Tony made surged up along his back as a hot, electric thrill, teasing spikes of compulsive pleasure into every muscle.
“And I have loved you, and wanted you, for years” Tony carried on, surprised by how easily his words came, over the intensity of this growing excitement. “And I want you now, I know that, and I know that this is okay – if this is what you want.”
had to start paying more attention.
“No, it’s nice to see you a bit more relaxed” Belle assured them “You’ve both seemed a little…
And then a distinct sharpening of his expression, as he registered that he was in bed with Steve.
“Oh God yes, please yes, that, please that, please don’t stop- oh, oh-
He didn’t know where that had come from, either.
He was looking at Steve back in 2012 – and Jesus, even his memories looked different now… He couldn’t remember the old version anymore, with the closed-minded, cocky bully who kept on picking at him… he couldn’t make sense of that version now, couldn’t think how the scenes would all have lined up-
His lips tasted of copper.
So, Tony had taken for granted that whatever had possessed Steve, it wasn’t real.
, of all people… And yet here he was, right in the middle of it, feeling…
Steve’s heart seized, his breath lodging at the top of his lungs like a solid mass, his entire body pulled upright by the sudden tension in his shoulders-
, a different set of associations… a different perspective entirely. And, now, Tony struggled to remember what he’d been looking at for all these months. Now, he could so clearly remember Steve hovering at the edge of the group, back when they all first moved into The Tower. That same heart-breaking nervousness, the same humbling bravery, about to have a go at engaging this confusing, alien thing –
And Tony smiled at him with so much affection…
might’ve seen the whole thing very differently.
“Straightened out by who?”
he’d been so hungry… Or why it didn’t taste the same, anymore.
And then burst out into a sudden, full throated laugh.
But nothing after that felt deliberate.
Tony asked, very carefully.
“It’s… I just… I need a minute here and this is all…” Tony muttered, still not looking in Steve’s direction.
like this.
Because this was
“Well… We could always say that, as we are both such busy, pressured people, that actually our perfect fantasy is to just sit very quietly in a room doing nothing for a few hours.” Tony suggested, self-consciously. “Peacefully sharing each other’s company – with clothes on.”
“Oh, please Tony…” he breathed, as Tony slowly dragged his tongue over him again, his fingertips still pressing into the curve of his ass. His cock throbbed, drawing all the sensation in his body in a desperate bid to sate this need - this razor-edged pleasure that burned and consumed itself and never quite broke “
“I think you and Steve should probably call it a day, get back to the compound-” Rhodey tried-
But, as it was, every time Steve tried to stop himself from rambling about Tony, Bucky would leap in with another question about him. Every time Steve tried to steer the conversation back to something professional, Bucky would nudge him back the other way. Whenever Steve said he felt bad, for getting excited over such a traumatic thing, Bucky would roll his eyes and say it
sorry, for some of the things I said when we first met. Even if there are reasons and – whatever, my point is… I do look back and think of telling you that I knew guys worth ten of you, and that you weren’t the guy to make the sacrifice play – and, if nothing else, that’s just really embarrassing.”
He gritted his teeth as he arrived, already braced for the flood of awkward questions he’d spent the last few days holding back
for telling me, you didn’t bother to think of a compromise, of what you
calm of having just worked out a problem –
to take on those Super Soldiers yourself. You could’ve told me. You didn’t
awkward between us, and then he’s going to start avoiding me
“Thank you,” he whispered – and Rhodey rolled his eyes at that response, which struck Tony as just perfect.
If Tony could’ve met his eye, and smiled…
a temper
… So much so that he was going to risk it anyway.
And then he saw the way Tony’s face changed. The way it softened slightly, his lips parting and his eyes widening…
And then he glanced back at Steve again.
...And apparently, he just wasn’t up to getting anxious over it right now.
– and he turned the shower off with a bit too much force, and all but leapt out of it. He shook himself, disgusted at the thought, and then grabbed the nearest towel and began frantically drying himself.
So, just to give people the most possible warnings about everything
to save his life. You just bullied him and threatened him a bit before you put
,” he begged, his voice harsh and jagged. “
Even if the fabric of time had already written out his formative moments… There seemed no good reason not to make
“Well, your name isn’t on the deed yet, obviously,” Tony muttered, having suddenly come over all shy. “That would probably be a bit hard to explain, seeing as I’m still technically supposed to be trying to track you down… I think… But, once we’ve got the team pardoned, it
wax seal… A seal that Tony recognised only too well.
am, are you? And you don’t think that’s
Just kept fucking into him, keeping up the same brutal pace, the same pounding rhythm. That all-encompassing pleasure flaring up at him with every thrust, rolling though his hips and up his back and then sharpening into need again –
He was probably only waiting there for a few seconds, although obviously it felt like so much longer - long enough to silently practice his opening lines at least ten times.
But falling in love with Steve was about more than just liking him as he got to know him, or getting to be more comfortable around him. There was also something there that Tony couldn’t put into words, couldn’t rationalise - but that he completely understood. A spark, or a pull, or an immediate connection to all the little things that made Steve
– my Father could
And then a sudden,
immediately feel how wrong that was - but he couldn’t stifle his terrified exclamation in time. “There is absolutely
Up until that point, Steve was
They stopped to look at one another again. There was no question to be asked anymore – just a terrifying moment to be shared.
It was only her expectant smile that stopped him.
Steve had stripped the offending shirt off as soon as he’d walked into the bathroom, and immediately thrown it into the bin. He’d have liked to have stripped his skin off. He was so thoroughly ashamed he could’ve eaten himself.
And then Steve had balled up all his courage, and asked if
was wrong, and yet Bucky always knew exactly how to cheer him up.
They’d made it halfway across the room before he heard the familiar swish of a door opening behind him. His chest seized in fear, his legs still pushing forward as he processed what that meant-
Even if he
And then he thought of Steve.
And just as Tony was beginning to accept that they’d probably made this long, sweaty, ridiculous journey for nothing, he heard the sound of someone
He sighed, and straightened the items on his desk for the third time. He felt himself blushing, all alone at his desk, as he acknowledged the adrenaline that had been flooding through him since this time last week. The abundance of energy that he just
And there was something… different, about it. A different texture, maybe…
“Tony
“I’ll try,” Tony smiled- and then began the challenge of shoulder barging his way into the crowd.
“Well, I don’t know…” And Bucky made like he was seriously considering it. And then he answered, as though it was a perfectly reasonable suggestion, “you like giving head, right?”
to control him - and still want to protect him, just because they loved him.
to like everyone equally. His love and friendship is not something he’s obliged to hand out fairly, under the Captain Code of Conduct, or whatever… I think he feels bad for not liking me, sometimes. I think he feels as though he should have a reason… But I know he doesn’t need one. Sometimes you just don’t… gel with someone. Sometimes you have the people you feel safe going to with a secret, and the people you want to help you, and the people you want to
And Tony opened his eyes, briefly dazed, his face still soft and sleepy when he mumbled,
“…is that the first time you’ve made a phone call like that for yourself?” She asked, more softly.
“Don’t read anything into that. That’s an entirely unrelated thing that doesn’t have anything to do with...this. With us.”
And Steve just nodded automatically – because, obviously. Anything Tony said.
, by how gorgeous he was-
Even now, Steve could be briefly distracted by how astoundingly,
that look was, but it wasn’t ‘goodbye’, and Jesus, that would do. In the moment, he’d cling to that, he’d cling to anything
Because as much as it would hurt to relive that security tape over and over for the next few weeks - as much it would test him, to live each day knowing that Bucky was still going through that - Steve
Steve broke out into a giddy smile that he hoped looked less ridiculous than it felt.
It was
,” Pepper was telling him, when JARVIS interrupted,
And, very briefly, Steve considered telling them
Really, he knew that he should tell her anyway.
The sudden shiver of pleasure as Tony moved just slightly, cutting into him just a little deeper, a fresh shock of pain running through the afterglow of the first.
“Because Sam’s right - you
Especially when there were so many things that he
The idea of following that instruction soothed a part of Steve that had ached since before he even met Tony.
step back and see this thing as a whole.
Tony froze.
know that. But, maybe you didn’t know you knew that? Or, now that you know you know it, you can’t remember whether you knew you knew it – see, this is what I mean about it being hard to say. I just… I remember, seriously thinking, that… maybe that wasn’t even what Zola was saying? Maybe he
...It was a rather different proposition for Tony. Steve was asking Tony to take a step into this macabre world, to take on those uncertainties and risks, on the promise that Steve would love him more than any other person in the world-
That he was still struggling desperately towards that no, that he was allowing no other arguments-
bite Steve like this. That he would give into this temptation, however intense and physical it was, if it would hurt or scar Steve. When he was supposed to be helping Steve-
He was still warmed though and weak, the last tremors of his orgasm still echoing through his hips – entirely vulnerable to every sensation that ran through his softened limbs.
of this for you is…
“Well, consulting hours are between eight and ten - and why is he
Steve let himself smile, then.
you’re sorry much, are you?” Tony started, his voice warm and good humoured. And a blush coloured Steve’s cheeks, and he pinched his lips together in a little self depreciating smile, and nodded –
“Did he mention Steve the first time?”
But, then…
Tony - would always remember. The future would continue unfolding from this point.
…That’s why he hadn’t believed it when Steve said he loved him. Why he’d been too scared to even let himself wonder what Steve meant by that. Why there had been that bittersweet aftertaste to every moment of it, that sad shadow cast by all the things he wasn’t letting himself think.
“You didn’t hide a bomb in a government research facility,” Tony reminded him. “You didn’t cut corners, or take unnecessary risks when you got there. You didn’t say, screw that, I’ve saved the world nine hundred times, I’ll sit this one out – like you have every right to. You turned up, and put yourself on the line, and saved as many lives as you could without putting others at risk. And then you stood there and let a group of angry people yell at you, because the person who’d really hurt them wasn’t there, and they needed someone to blame,” and then Tony traced a fingertip over the line of Steve’s jaw,
And he thought of
TAKE MAX 2 [TWO] PER DAY
, that-
Tony frowned at himself, unimpressed. Because that wasn’t any kind of an answer -
have been weird if, when I was twenty, my dad had suddenly decided to leave everything to me because he wanted to spend a few extra months having public sex with my mother.”
“A Hydra thing?” He repeated, gently. “You mean, in case your therapist works for Hydra…?”
“Well, I don’t know if I am happy about it, really,” Tony confessed. “Although don’t ask me why I’m not, cos I don’t know why I wouldn’t be… But it sounds like it should be a good thing, right?”
being alone with him-
“He should start to wake up in about ten minutes, give or take,” Tony spoke, softly. “There shouldn’t be too much recovery time. He might be kind of sleepy tonight, but he’ll be fine by tomorrow. He might want to cry off, if you have something especially difficult planned…”
just wanted to be able to do the right thing, and – you know when you’re a kid, and all the comics and TV shows and
“You’re beautiful,” Steve purred close against his skin, and then sucked another bruising kiss to the curve of Tony’s neck, his hands already sliding up under Tony’s shirt. “You are the most beautiful thing I have ever laid eyes on, perfect, beyond perfect…”
expressing them was certainly the drugs. But not the ideas themselves. This was everything he’d spent all day slowly working out, the thing he’d first seen after
The next thing that Tony was aware of was walking into an echoey, old fashioned looking hall.
Steve simply couldn’t help himself. Every time he saw Tony he would find himself pausing or hovering or slowing down like this, like he was playing a weird game of chicken with himself. So far, he’d always managed to back away at the last moment, ducking into another corridor before Tony spotted him, or giving an awkward nod from the other side of the room and scurrying off… Never sure whether he was relieved or disappointed that he’d gotten away with it. Always telling himself that he wouldn’t put himself in that position again…
And those people might have lives free of pain and sacrifice and conflict. They might get to live their entire lives never knowing the loss that Steve had gone through time and time again. But those people –
“...Have you ever said any of that to
And then, when the room had stopped shimmering and his heartbeat had settled back into his chest, he glanced up at Steve again-
Tony felt a bitter little kick at that.
“Why did you let them go to the bar?” Tony demanded.
“I’m sorry?” She frowned.
He didn’t want Pepper to know.
“Gentlemen, if you’re ready?” She suggested politely, gesturing to a door at the side of the room.
going to do.
And Steve was genuinely surprised by how strongly and simply he meant it when he answered.
was why Steve was so much more relaxed about his plans, these days.
, is the Royal Airedale Hotel, Westchester,” Nick announced, gesturing to an image that was projected on the back wall. What appeared to be a perfectly ordinary, glass panelled building, with the obligatory row of national flags over the entrance, and no other discerning features at all. “Right now, a double room in this fine establishment will cost you sixteen hundred dollars a night – if you can get one.”
Well, not until they got upstairs, anyway.
world had insisted on – he remembered wondering whether most of these things needed social rules at all. Whether a lot of so-called
And that time the pause did drift into a stop.
Knowing that he could and
“Yeah?” Tony clarified, his muscles tensing up entirely of their own accord. Something about this was very wrong…
And he couldn’t.
He was still stuck on that thought as he followed the others into the flower show - having completely forgotten that they were no longer supposed to be going to the flower show at all.
“What did you say?” He yelled, over the swell of noise that was building around them - that seemed so distant from them, somehow…
to jump in with a self-depreciating observation, or a deflection about duty, or the contributions of others.
...And Bucky found himself wondering how many other details of Steve’s life he’d forgotten to ask about.
. He didn’t want to admit that the fight between them was finished, because if he did then he had to accept everything that he’d lost. He didn’t want to let go of his hurt, because if he did it would be as though it never existed, like it never mattered… Like
“Come on, let’s get this over with,” he said, cheerfully. “And if you’re a big boy, and don’t make a fuss, we can get ice cream on the way home.”
been bad choices, even though he’d never be
part of yesterday came back to him…
This was real.
“Hey Cap, you awake?” He called, from outside the door. Steve held his breath. He hadn’t meant to, but… Tony called him
I did – no, sorry, that one thing everyone
letting it go… He’d established that he was being irrational, okay? And part of it was the little splinter of hurt, that he’d poured his heart out to Steve like that, and Steve had just looked at him.
And then he felt Tony’s hands on his chest, palms flat – and, Jesus Christ, he was so
And, just as he was processing the powerlessness of that, the sadness and injustice of it, that bitter little voice whispered to him again-
And yet, as it turned out, all he’d ever had to do was be honest with Tony - he’d only had to show him how much he’d always loved him. All he’d ever had to tell Tony was how he really felt…
so much loss and trauma.
real-
And, God, Steve could answer
And then Steve took the phone from him.
. And then you have the audacity to tell me, I’m sorry about ‘that lie’. Like it’s this one thing you did, and not two years of total deception and manipulation and betrayal...”
And he sees the little flicker of Steve’s lips… and he knows what Steve didn’t say. Of
the problem, then?” Bucky pushed on. “…Did something happen last night?”
“Or die of thirst,” Sam added, gesturing at Steve’s untouched glass, “you’re seriously not going to drink anything for four days?”
And then that realisation… he could only
And, Jesus, he just
to be tense and hard and desperate when Steve found him. He wanted Steve to know how much he loved it when Steve fucked him like this. He wanted Steve to watch him come.
“You were going to say, ‘you were never normal’,” he asserts, confidently. Steve’s eyes flash with recognition, his lips parting in amused surprise as Bucky clarifies, “that’s the joke you were going to make. That you would’ve made… before…”
His head still buzzing with stunned disbelief, Steve heard himself reply, seemingly from nowhere,
walked into the room Tony had suffered through the same curling of shameful remorse that he used to get when he spotted the empty liquor bottles, the morning after a bender. Mostly, because the disarray of his workshop had reminded him of the ridiculous state he’d gotten himself into before he made this mess in the first place-
. He remembered the sound of Tony moaning and the taste of his skin and how soft his lips were…
“And what
And then they were back in their room, like no time had passed at all.
The mission, the plan, the alien planet… his own name. All gone.
an anxiety about going back inside… was it?
Something about that struck Steve as wonderfully
And, if there was some
And then the sudden, visceral jolt of searing ice against his chest.
to do, over the years.
And then his eyes fell on the glass he’d left sitting on the coffee table.
Steve was
, he panicked. A sudden spike of pure terror that made it even
Steve paused, the amused smile still tugging at his lips as he tried to work out whether there was some deep, spiritual meaning in that…
you’d… Do exactly what you just did…”
of them – whether it’s your fault or not – I will hunt you down, and I’ll do something so much worse than murder you, and everyone you love,” and he bared his teeth to make the point. “So, I’d be doing everything I could to call the guards off, if I were you.”
A solid wall of adrenaline crashed through all of his rationalising and emotional preparation. That carefully constructed distance was washed away in the flood, leaving only the roar in his ears and that wordless instinct-
he was by it – that he’d never
, a compulsion he followed mindlessly to tug Tony into his lap. Tony gave a delighted little yelp and instantly locked his thighs tight against Steve’s before he took the chance to claim Steve’s mouth again.
my brain that comes up with anything, in that world,” Tony carried on. “And I know nothing I could say about it would be sensible. But… I don’t know. I don’t know
And the dizzying freedom of letting them go.
have meant a very different end to the evening. Steve wouldn’t have told him-
Steve didn’t want to rush through any of them.
“Thank you,” Tony murmured, deliberately keeping his eyes lowered while they collected the others' clothing in the hope of avoiding any further conversation.
fault when I don’t do anything – you said it, and you’re going to listen to me answer it.”
And then a shadow fell over him, and he already knew when he looked up, Steve would be there. He already had his hand held up, because he knew Steve would take it.
Mindlessly, he threw the ball again, still with too much force. He quite liked the way it stung his palm to catch it.
Steve huffed out a sad little sigh, and nodded.
be able to tell Tony that-
And Steve’s body tensed again.
“Hey, you with me buddy?” Tony demanded again. “What’s your name?”
That was a romantic conundrum as old as the ages… and it was only too easy to think where it was going to end up.
But the one thing that had seemed sensible, and bearable, was ending this professional obligation. Saying it was over
Tony held his breath as Sam slipped out from between the bins and ran to the left. He had his jaw clenched in anticipation for what seemed like the longest time, naturally assuming that Sam would be spotted immediately… But one second slipped into two, and then three.
have the ability to kill groups based on their DNA.” Steve informed her, seriously. Her lip quivered.
the experience of talking to other people… it had been so long since he did it. And, right this moment, Tony wasn’t sure he didn’t like it. He might even have
“Is it weird…” Steve asked, thoughtfully “That I do feel that rant was entirely fair,
Steve felt it like a kick to his gut. It took every ounce of his willpower not to pout.
Rhodey was laughing…
“Stop the drug bombing of earth –
And even now, it was his instinct to tell Bucky,
He couldn’t ignore those questions because of what he wanted right now - he couldn’t keep them from Tony.
“And I know that all the things I’ve been scared of for twenty years are still there,” Tony groaned. “And, to be honest, I’m still worried about the risk to you and Pepper, and Steve, and the Avengers, and the company… and I still don’t know what the hell I’d go outside and
And now that Bucky had made that throwaway comment, Steve found himself picturing Tony’s face again… those big, dark eyes looking up at him through those impossible lashes… Steve
nagging at him - and, after a while, it had started to speak.
He didn’t even say it pointedly. He just said it as another lamentable fact of this situation, something he’d apparently come to terms with. And Steve felt that first tear run down his cheek, more desperation than sadness. He couldn’t
He tried again to tell Tony how good it was, how much better he felt, how much he loved him… something like that. His head was too muddled to turn the sentiments into words, his mouth too heavy to form them. It came out as a sort of slurred, muffled groan… Tony just squeezed him tighter, and hummed an affectionate smile into his hair.
“Fine,” he sighed, gesturing impatiently to the elevator.
No inhuman knowledge for SHIELD to abuse. No super soldier for them to decide was now a spare; conveniently frozen for easy experimentation. No additional weapons to put into the hands of Hydra, if they somehow
put that off, for the time being. Maybe he could turn this into a decision that needn’t take any of that into account.
“So, you are primarily concerned that you haven’t explained this impulse to Captain Rogers?” JARVIS clarified. “You are not primarily concerned with the impulse itself…?”
“This place is beautiful” He blurted – and yes, he
“It’s okay, Tony, we’re on it.” Rhodey reassured him, his voice softer now… close…
Maybe he’d processed more of this situation that he realised.
“That
Steve sorry, that he couldn’t quite resign himself to surrendering his dignity and his feelings to
“Go on Steve,
Except that even in his fantasies Tony’s voice had never been
Feeling
He couldn’t simply take this.
Steve wasn’t sure when that had happened, or quite how he’d gotten here - but here he was. Trying not to grin too broadly at the pretty boy he liked.
was the reason Tony hadn’t called out to Steve in the end – because the idea of doing this in front of him felt every bit as wrong.
With such impossible, desperate intensity.
gentle, and emotional, and… whatever it was, it stopped Steve in his tracks. He felt his heart swell suddenly, like it was reaching out to whatever it’d just heard in Tony’s voice. “My point – that I’m not sure I’m going to be able to make, before I’m just high as a kite, but –
The idea that he’d been cluelessly watching this chance slip by him, all this time-
“No,” Steve answered – far too quickly. “And, anyway, I’m not going to fuck your new doctor. Not after it took us this long to find someone.”
“...but if… all of that puts you off, I wouldn’t blame you,” Steve sighed. “I mean, I can’t even tell you that it’s no big deal, because I don’t know that either. And I can’t tell you anything about it, until I work that out for myself. And if you’d rather not… get involved, in any of that-”
That led him on an unexpectedly deep and affecting train of thought.
So, the point was, he’d boiled it down to one of two choices.
And Tony realised just how much he’d
I just – and I
When Steve went back to 2012 the first time around it had been a pretty big deal - even though he’d done his best to smother all his human reactions, back then. He still couldn’t help the rush of melancholy excitement, seeing the Tower again, remembering the team when it was new and optimistic and anything was possible…
And he looked at them.
And he didn’t
Tony had no idea
“Lorien,” Tony correctly kindly. “Jason Lorien, been at the Pentagon
Finding that the push to say this
After all these years of being scared to wonder, Tony now knew exactly what being a vampire meant – even the dark and primal parts of it-
And then there was a soft, sharp, whooshing sound, just by the door.
register, that Steve should probably try to listen to this...
had probably been his great fear all along, as it turned out?
He knew that
Tony’s entire body was flooded with heat. His head swam. His jaw ached in desperation to suck harder, to take Steve’s fingers to the back of his throat, to bite down-
, he’d have to worry that any one of those things would complicate everything. Now, doing any one of those things might look like he wasn’t following the rules - like he was trying to turn the relationship into something else, something he’d promised Tony it didn’t have to be.
