"Exactly. So go practice what you preach. By the way, there's a part two to the VR workshop you still haven't taken."
"That's for the courts to decide, not John Watson. And the judicial system decided that you'd suffered enough that they didn't even force you to attend your summons to the Coroner's Inquest."
'. That's what all the colleagues attempting to console him with stories of their own mistakes had failed to realise: how could he move forward if no one would even listen to him, if no one was willing to acknowledge what he'd done? They all tried to reassure him that things weren't as dire for Zezelj as he assumed, but that just sugarcoated things and didn't help at all. The press is demanding that he take responsibility for his shortcomings, that he should act as a whipping boy for the entire profession's failures. Yet the failure he
"Not per se; I will have to start the patient on a broader spectrum antibiotic and an antiviral, anyway."
John is just about to reach for his phone on the coffee table to send a message to ask if he should start running the bath, when it flashes to life with an incoming call. The caller ID says
Does he want to involve Greg simply because he doesn't like addressing problems like this on his own? Because he'd like someone else to sort Sherlock's issues out?
Sherlock, who's still not arrived. Lestrade glances at his clock, eager to process his detainee. "The fuck's taking him so long?" he asks you.
Is it possible that John is not seeing things clearly because he's too close and too vested in not upsetting further someone he loves? The emotional wreckage will take time to sort through if he does this — if he goes to Greg to tell him Sherlock shouldn't operate today.
on Captain Watson like some dainty maiden, now would it? To prove that he's not entirely at John's mercy, he rakes the air with his fingers until they meet coarse blond hair. He grabs a handful and tugs John's head towards his cock.
Realisation seems to dawn on John's features. Sherlock loathes it when other people know what's going on and he doesn't. "Well?" he demands, "Whose is it?"
"We're out of toast," Sherlock replies cheerily, and then wants to cringe because it sounds manic and too fast and so very odd after trying to throw John out of the OR.
I leave the appointment with a prescription for an antidepressant. I bin it on my way out of the clinic.
The only stages I plan to go through include anger which shall be followed by resignation. A part of me always knew it was childish to believe that those two years I lost to hunting down Moriarty would be repaid, somehow. With what? Happiness? Ha. That has eluded me all my life, save for the too few years I got to spend with John living at Baker Street. I was never destined for an easy, long life.
John realises they don't have any paper bags and it's mostly a placebo thing, anyway, so he springs to his feet, grabs a wrist to pull Sherlock to a standing position as well, and then wraps his arms around the man in a tight embrace. It's tight enough that Sherlock should feel deep, calm breathing, feel his heart that's picked up its pace but isn't racing frantically. John needs to ground this man he loves, needs to offer real and safe sensations instead of the intangible ghosts in Sherlock's head trying to overwhelm him.
, but make two mistakes within a short period of time, and the person's fitness for surgical work might be seriously questioned.
He refuses to think about John Watson, digs his nails into his palms whenever his mind slips, and tries to make sense of what had happened. He tells himself it's nothing different from the men he's been with in London. He had no reason to expect things with John to have a different outcome. He tries to tell himself he should be proud, to feel lucky for getting what he wanted, in a way.
“Clearly, Collings isn’t. You can almost walk over him, which is probably why you've put up with him in your OR. That’s why I have to be the one to tell you you’re not looking over his shoulder in theatre. You’re going to wait at the ward or at home, have some tea or even a whisky if you need to. You can see me after, at the ward.”
After getting cold in the sitting room, Sherlock retreats to bed with a half-eaten packed of crisps John had stuffed in the back of one of the kitchen cabinets. The Thai food he'd ordered he has no stomach for right now. John hates it when he eats in bed and leaves crumbs, but John isn't here.
You try to avert your eyes, but you're still staring at the thick, black ultrasound probe. You know Sherlock will be sedated when it's put to use again; you know the exam won't hurt and he won't be very uncomfortable, but it's still all just wrong. He was fine this morning. He was standing in Lestrade's office at NSY ranting about body decay rates and metal alloys. That was Sherlock. That
"Right." The man rocks on his heels but doesn’t retreat. He doesn’t seem aggressive; Sherlock might even use the term polite to describe his demeanour.
' is a word he finally manages to decipher, just before Ardle hangs up on him. Had the man understood him? Why would they choose someone like that as an MI6 contact person?
Ten minutes later — it appeared Mycroft had decided this was a socially acceptable time for lying on top of someone's casket in an open grave — Sherlock was unceremoniously hauled out by two burly MI5 agents and taken to the dullest country house in England for four weeks of detox.
You've never seen the older Holmes make tea; his housekeeper probably does it at home, but surely, she's not available around the clock?
"Have you had your warfarin for today?" Leigh asks Sherlock. "Your INR results aren't in yet, and you're on twice a day enoxaparin until it's been above two and a half for at least two days."
him, practically clinging to him. The odd sense of expectation Sherlock has felt all evening breaks and shifts. Within the circle of those arms, he turns, fearful and curious and painfully aware of his body awakening to the touch, neural pathways lighting up, peripheral vessels dilating and warming his limbs.
John might be concerned about such arrhythmias if he hadn't been picking up on frequent bouts of indignation from Sherlock. It had most likely been arguing with the nurses about how much activity he was allowed in and out of bed. John would have preferred to be the one to look after him at the HDU, and had argued that he'd effectively been Sherlock's physician when he'd first arrived at Chard's Rift, but once it became obvious that Sherlock couldn't cope without supplemental oxygen, they were told that Med Bay would take over. Since John was not a part of that staff rota, the most access they were willing to grant him initially were daily visits in protective gear. He'd called in a favour with a med school friend who now worked at the Tokyo base's Med Bay to get permission to at least access Sherlock's vitals feed. Two days after Sherlock had been admitted to the HDU, the permission was granted.
By sunset, his rhythm is a mixture of rapid atrial fibrillation and frequent ventricular extrasystoles. Mike tells you that they won’t go for a cardioversion — using electricity to revert back to sinus rhythm — because the short anaesthesia needed is risky right now. Even if it would just mean a relatively small dose of propofol, it might kill him. They also don't want to lower the heart rate because that is currently what his heart depends on in getting at least some blood pushed into the aorta before it all flows back.
Since most of patient complaints are borne out of communication difficulties, not medical malpractice, in some ways the game was rigged against someone like Sherlock right from the start.
"It is of no consequence who pays for this. I can't accept expensive gifts, anyway," he tells the team. He's not in this to gain wealth — his biggest reward is the intellectual and physical challenge of the surgical procedure, followed by the satisfaction seeing the patient recover.
Once again, John wants to hang, draw and quarter anyone who thinks William Sherlock Scott Holmes is a cold, unfeeling machine of a stereotypical surgeon.
A lengthy section analysing in detail Sherlock's conduct and the medical facts of each of the two cases follows. John isn't interested in all that; he's more eager to read the panel's reasoning for their liberating decision.
In saving the patient's life he's had to give them likely devastating, permanent brain damage. They came to him because they thought he could do this operation but now, there is no chance to even know if he could have. It won't even matter much in the larger context of the disastrous outcome whether he gets all of the tumour out.
Doctor Pichler looks thoughtful. "There are sacrifices you made so you could do your best to look after Sherlock. Your intentions were good, and you chose to make him your first priority. However, the decision you and George made not to have your daughter is consequently deeply connected to him. Your motives were understandable but, considering the current status of your relationship with Sherlock, would he understand why you would share such a piece of family history now?"
"But it won't! He didn't choose this; didn't choose the brain he has. I love him," John says and feels a flush of emotion — maybe the waning effects of the oxycodone he took hours ago are still making him overtly emotional. Then again, maybe that's not a bad thing if Sherlock needs some attention. "I would never think worse of him for having a hard time."
"I don't want your help," Sherlock dismisses, voice breaking. "I just want you to see that I can't… I don't… I don’t know how to do any of this."
The patient turns out to have thread-like, meandering veins which keep bursting when he tries to insert even the smallest adult-size IV cannulas. After botching four attempts of achieving at least one line for the anaesthesia induction, John requests a central line kit and a portable ultrasound. The patient's intracerebral pressure is normal but the arteria-venous malformation they need surgery on is likely quite fragile, so John ends up having to do both an arterial line and a central line while the patient is still awake since he needs the arterial one for constant blood pressure monitoring and the central line to ensure a trustworthy venous access for drugs and fluids. All this of course delays the proceedings, but it can't be helped.
"They all know, don't they? They know what happened? They know I–– I froze," Sherlock says quietly, eyes averted, throat tight.
John places the pile of clothes he's brought on the bed. The sound of the water running in the en suite can be heard, and it explains why his partner is nowhere to be seen.
needs were not being met. PTSD is something that tends to require professional help. You are not the only person in your relationship who sometimes needs support to do their best to be a good partner; John has struggled with that, too."
The first time had been in medical school. Flayed bare in front of others, his secrets in plain sight, the fate of his studies and that of his adversary in limbo, he had lost the ability to function. Everything slowed down, everything overwhelmed him until he could no longer leave the flat and then, not even his bedroom.
He still doesn't know what he should have — could have — said to convince John not to take the assignment. Mycroft's reasons for offering it were obvious: a physician and a military officer was precisely what was required.
Yesterday, in John's company, he'd oscillated between letting himself enjoy the attention of another person and berating himself for fawning over nothing but a bit of kindness. John is a soldier and a doctor.
Sherlock had been sleep-destroyingly anxious to speak to Oliver Vandersteen, whose qualifications were listed on the legal firm's website as
John is taken aback, shocked to silence as he hurries behind Sherlock who's already on the kerb, hailing a taxi.
"Not really," Doctor Pichler says bluntly. "Worst-case scenario is this: it would signal that he now carries the responsibility for fulfilling your plans for not just himself but the unrealised potential of his sister, too."
, in his living room, and he will gladly be the recipient of even more insults if that means the man will continue to exist in the same space.
You want to ask. Mycroft's opinion or how informed he is wouldn't affect the plan here; it's the surgeon's job to decide what the best course of action is. Sherlock had not many asked questions, had not challenged the plan. He'd signed the papers without even waiting to hear the rest of the explanation, and that had spoken volumes to you about how worried he was about deteriorating further.
"I didn't insinuate that you should have explained to him the details, just that it is not harmful for a child to see their parents emotional when there is cause for it. The pregnancy was not planned, then? The boys didn't know that you were expecting?"
What does it matter? You can't crumble or take a timeout. He needs you. You're alright, because you have to be. "I'm fine. Can you do the Brinavess here?"
he's doing. When he adds the tip of his thumb into the proceedings, pushing it right in that spot in the perineum where it teases the prostate from the outside, Sherlock almost scrambles up and away. It's John's warm, firm palm on his knee that stops him, and the pressure behind his bollocks eases.
John remembers the conversations he's had with Sherlock about ASD. They have repeatedly been prompted by an article somewhere — something neutral John has asked Sherlock's opinion on. Slowly, carefully, and after carefully gauging John's reactions to what he's saying, has Sherlock introduced a more personal angle to the topic.
En route is a fork in the road leading to one of the island's several old, small stone churches. It must be Sunday since the bells begin to sound, and a gaggle of parishioners erupts from the doors.
"It's not certain that the echo findings would have warranted a CT. Perhaps he could have got away with a plasty before things scarred up, but with this amount of damage… I really can't say for certain," Alexander Cowie explains.
. He welcomes Sherlock to book an appointment with him if he feels the need, and references the same thing Lestrade had mentioned: something called '
After a cup of tea with Angus, Sherlock declines what he suspects is an offer of a lift home, wanting to explore the surroundings of the lighthouse before walking back. The distance can't be more than a few kilometres, and it's a bright, sunny day — perfect for stretching one’s legs. Sherlock wouldn't describe the weather as warm, though perhaps for the islanders used to the salty northern wind that claws and bites at exposed skin, it might seem that way. Edward the Abdicator seems to be rather enjoying it; he’s standing with his nose to it, greyish white pelt on the top of his head quivering in the breeze. Sherlock gives him a nod as he walks past the pen, wondering if Angus has let it fall into disrepair purposely because he thinks the old ram deserves the chance to explore the island occasionally by escaping through one of the holes in the metal wiring.
Ironically, it might just have been his brother's overbearing attempt at warning him off that had helped Sherlock find the resolve to start reading.
"Good, that's… yeah, good," John mutters. "Tell Sherlock that, if he doesn't feel like talking tonight, that's fine, too."
John takes Sherlock's gloved hand, gives it a squeeze, glad that it's his side of the car facing the kerb. Not that Sherlock seems to be paying much attention to what he sees outside the window.
John nods and swallows. "Next thing I remember is standing next to the car, yelling at someone who was cutting her seatbelt. I didn't even understand I needed to be worried about Rosie." John rubs his face with his trembling hands. "It's on me," he says, voice wavering high-pitched. It sounds as though he's losing the struggle against tears. "It's on me, because if I hadn't been such a fuck-up, we wouldn't have been in that car."
"Oh, no, no, that's not what I meant," John says, too little and too late. He suddenly feels very self-conscious and rotten; clearly, Sherlock is sensitive about his home. "I mean, I like books."
"Have you ever seen patients react violently? In a way that was understandable in the context of their mental illness?"
Sherlock's mouth is an angry line, but he stays silent. This could be the sprouting seed of a sulk, so John needs to regroup his verbal troops.
You don't want him to be alone with these people. You slot yourself between the bed and a theatre nurse, perch your hands on Sherlock’s shoulders, fingers curling into his thin frame. You lean close, so close your foreheads nearly touch.
why the name of the hospital has rung a bell! Longing for a career change with more clinical work after teaching medical students for years on end at Barts, Hammersmith is where Mike had been hired as a consultant cardiologist. It's the best news you've heard all day — not just because you think he'll be liable to being quick and making concessions, but because you know he is really, really good at what he does.
anticoagulants = drugs which make blood less prone to clotting by affecting clotting factors. If they affect platelets, the specific term antithrombotic drug is sometimes used.
them I'm a licensed physician and that it was nothing but melatonin, they still insisted on putting it in the itemiser!"
And none of them can be what he is to Sherlock, he realises. "Thanks for sorting it all out for him," John tells his brother-in-law, and means every word. "Sounds like everything went well."
Holmes swallows. His tone is steely and once again, he sounds like he's not talking about anyone he even knows personally. "He kept… pecking at me at home. Trying to find something that was wrong in everything I said to him. I didn't know what I could say about my day or my plans or… anything, that he couldn't twist to a rant on my shortcomings. He told me he had to go to Afghanistan to get away from having to compare us professionally."
"About the drugs… the end result has to count, eh?" John suggests, "There's no thought police when it comes to these things, love. If you didn't use even though you were tempted, then I'm happy and proud of you."
"They were doing some renovations in the ward neighbouring the ITU. You woke up from sedation and were a bit… out of it. The nurse had to stop you from pulling out your lines. The sedation had been stopped; you were allowed to wake up so that was normal, too, being confused."
Sherlock squares his shoulders. "It's quite alright; I know John very well. Is it… the drinking?" he asks, imbibing his tone with as much conspiratorial concern as he can.
There are only two days left before he'll fly in to join Sherlock, but he will be calling every day if Mycroft or Sherlock won't pick up the phone.
; he had reminded himself of this in the shop while watching George pay for the purchases. Sherlock had then stuck his hands in his pockets and went to find Violet.
"For good reason!" John exclaims, leaps to his feet and digs his fingers into Sherlock's sides from behind his chair. John knows his husband is inordinately ticklish — and Sherlock hates it when he makes use of such classified information. Soon, he's too busy trying to fend off John's attack to continue their playful banter. They end up on the floor, him pinned underneath John, who thankfully abandons the tickling in favour of some spirited French kissing. Neither needs to ask out loud whether the kissing will advance to more; John soon climbs to his feet and offers his hand to help Sherlock up. Sherlock's shirt is unbuttoned by the time they get into to the bedroom.
"He's seen it, too, what those processes do to people, and he's––" John bites his lip and Sherlock suspects more had been said between his boss and his husband. Perhaps it was something about their predictions of Sherlock's ability to cope with an investigation. "He's worried about you."
John eventually falls asleep while watching the film and is irritable when he stirs an hour later. After getting them both fresh glasses of water in the kitchen, Sherlock goes to the bedroom and picks up the packet of oxycodone to bring it to John.
. John calms down, albeit marginally. "Are you sure it was just once, the blood, or––" He has so many questions and doesn't know where to start.
"My abstinence has never been dependent on sitting in a circle with a bunch of average idiots wailing about our terrible childhoods. And my sobriety is
"It doesn't seem right to claim that she was our child when we as good as abandoned her." Violet bites down on her lower lip, hard, hating the onslaught of emotion this topic is bringing forth.
is the first word you've heard from him since the hospital that sounds perfectly like the Sherlock of before — spiteful and proud.
There's no official waiting area for the surgical unit, and you can't really wait at the East intensive care unit, either, since Sherlock won't officially have a bed there until the surgery ends. The surgeon had explained that Sherlock would be moved there directly from the operating room, intubated and sedated. His heart would need some time to stabilise before he could be allowed to wake up. This seemed to unsettle Sherlock more than the surgeon's brief descriptions of the phases of the operation.
. He doesn't feel entirely composed, not to the extent he'd hope, but he has no time left to gather himself.
. If he genuinely believed that medical malpractice had led to the death of his wife, that's something that might sway a jury."
John looks crushed. "He's not callous. He's––" he glances nervously at Sherlock as if seeking permission.
A piece of the patient's skull has now been removed, and Sherlock slices neatly through the dura mater — a greyish, thick membrane of connective tissue protecting the surface of the brain. Finally, the frontal lobe of the brain comes into view. Sherlock is using a supraorbital approach which means making an incision above the patient's hairline in the front. He'll fan out from there to remove the tumour that expands towards both inner ears. It has distinct enough margins that it can be removed completely; he'll just have to be mindful of where the aneurysms are.
There were antique ashtrays and other objects doubling as ashtrays on most surfaces, papers and clothes and empty cigarette packets scattered about. Admittedly, Sherlock's choice of clothing or the state of his personal hygiene at that time did not quite signal that he had anything important going on. Damn his brother for dangling before him a bit of intellectual stimulation, even if it was some MI6 nonsense. And damn himself for succumbing to the temptation. He blamed Victor, still does. That day, Sherlock couldn't tell how much of Mycroft's covert operation was about trying to drag him back into the land of the living from the isolation of the living dead he had adopted after hearing the news of Victor's demise. He shouldn't have taken the case, but his judgement was impaired by the cerebral stagnation of having allowed himself to go without a case for too long. Some people might suspect that he was also intellectually impaired by grief, but Sherlock liked to think he always rose above such pedestrian things.
The chairman frowns. "There is a detail that I find most curious: according to a statement by the unit head of neurosurgery at King's College, a Doctor Gregory Lestrade, you were initially opposed to the matter being closed without further investigation."
"He's had major surgery and his circadian rhythm is messed up," Andrew reminds you. "It's normal that patients can get a bit overwhelmed. Give him time," he says gently as though it's you who needs comforting, reminding of what has happened. "Familiar company's good. Anchoring."
"I would have just… watched from…" Sherlock tries, wanting still to grab the nearest MI6 minion and push them down the stairwell.
. John's fingertips when he held out Sherlock's phone and Sherlock took it from him. Slightly coarse fingertips trailing on his finger joints until they met the violin calluses on his own much longer digits.
You're not even sure what makes you stir. Perhaps it's the sixth sense you've developed — that inexplicable connection to Sherlock you sometimes feel and hope that you
"He'll spout… a–– bunch of jargon… which you will then explain," Sherlock corrects tiredly. The sudden defeat in his tone is frighteningly far from how he usually behaves in hospitals. It has sunk in how serious this is, and he's losing control over his moods, which are a weathervane with a screw loose on the best of days.
John and Sherlock had explained what they could about that night Sylvie Fairholme had died. After some hesitation, Sherlock had also told her about why the husband isn't the first family member dissatisfied with his professional communication skills.
He focuses on the video call again. "I wouldn't want to inconvenience you further, but would it be possible to obtain a copy of your medical records from Belgrade later on? I should very much like to read about your progress, about how your symptoms have improved." It could be useful for Sherlock's future surgeries in the pericallosal area to know all the medical details.
Perhaps John's brain, in its luxurious bath of whisky, isn't in a state where it could make that deduction. "Emma can take the stitches out in two days."
Sherlock's bow has already halted; he'd been in the middle of a particularly expectant-sounding section, and the missing notes which would bring the melody to a more satisfying conclusion are giving him palpitations because he
Hundreds and hundreds of kilometres away, in the throes of what now feels like just a burst daydream, Sherlock had felt seen. Now, in the safe haven of his own home, Sherlock feels invisible and unwelcome. '
"The research established that doctors who had recently faced a GMC investigation are twice as likely to harbour thoughts of self-harm, even self-termination. I am raising this issue because, while you have experienced significant depressive episodes before during our acquaintance, this appears to be the most debilitating of them. I need to ask if––"
John's chuckle is as bitter as a preserved lemon. "Yeah, no. There were… others. This one guy in Afghanistan. Got a bit serious. He got me transferred. I was really pissed off at him for that, even though I knew it was the right thing to do for the both of us. It's not that bad in the service these days if you like men, but it's still not…"
“Unnecessary.” Sherlock has no need for further research credentials, especially not in some backwater anaesthesia journal. He could easily apply for and be appointed as an Associate Professor at any of London’s universities, but he hardly wants to increase the amount of teaching he must do. He’s keen to help John achieve some research credentials, though.
"I assumed… Let me rephrase. Throughout our work, you have sought to provide me ideas of how others might perceive my relationships with them. You have helped me see good things where I assumed there were none, and you have even managed the herculean feat of convincing me I might benefit from trying to understand my mother instead of condemning her."
"Well?" John prompts his neurosurgeon husband who's standing by the control table, eyes fixed on the films.
Holmes' eyes are twinkling with excitement. "Yes!" he exclaims. He runs to the windowsill to grab his phone, typing furiously. Soon, his mobile rings.
Sherlock bursts into giggles. "I bet that all you people do in the break room is complain about surgeons."
"So, um, is he alright? I mean, your session must've ran overtime if he's still there? Did he ask you to call me?"
— since he'll be sitting down for a few hours, sighs, and let himself back in with the key fob pilfered from a janitor. This stairwell is only supposed to be used in an emergency; ensuring that he can drag himself through the rest of his duties today must qualify as such.
Best friend, husband, confidante, trusted colleague: John is all these things for him. Sherlock doesn't feel any acute need for anyone else, and he can appreciate Violet's description of it being convenient to find ways to socialise one can regulate in quantity. Sherlock wouldn't want to invite people into their home because who knows when they might leave? It's better to go visit other people and or to go to a public venue. John enjoys all kinds of socialising, though, and Sherlock wants to give him chances to do that even though it sometimes involves going places as a couple.
"Then tell us, Mister Holmes: why you did not explain personally to her family the emotionally distressing truth of Mrs Fairholme's hopeless prognosis and the associated decision not to take her into an operating theatre for emergency surgery?"
Suddenly, the memory of the conversation I had with Culverton Smith at the hospital drifts in. In that moment, the intensity of my desire to live, after all, shook me to the core. That is precisely how I feel right now,  burning with desperation for more, for another chance.
— about what he's been going through. But he knows such things cannot be forced. Maybe he should try to coax Sherlock to talk tomorrow, to ask him how it had felt handling that AVM case? He'd been on edge at the start and had not quite relaxed by the end of the operation, but he'd been on top of his game surgically. One of the major downsides of John's current position is that he doesn't get even as half as many OR days as he'd like. He may have some talent for a managerial role, but he's a clinician above all, and a clinician needs regular patient work to stay motivated. It's easy to become jaded and cynical fighting NHS bureaucracy day in, day out. Working with patients reminds John what the real purpose of all that number-crunching and paperwork is. He loves meeting people, loves helping them through difficult, scary experiences such as having surgery, and the skills and brainwork required to do so. For Sherlock, the motivation source is being in theatre, tackling those anatomical puzzles that neurosurgery offers. John doesn't care that he, as an anaesthetist, doesn't get to be the star — he finds plenty enough satisfaction in making it possible for colleagues like Sherlock to do their work.
"It's hard to say. ASD individuals have often gone through traumatising life experiences even before experiencing something that might cause PTSD. It's those experiences, often dealt with on their own without proper support, what might predispose them more to PTSD than their autism does."
He rolls his eyes. Sassing at Mycroft via SMS seems to have displaced some of his anxiety at least temporarily, which gives you an opportunity to leave the ward for a moment without worrying too much about him.
"Sober?" John asks simply. He gently cradles the injured wrist on his own forearm while testing the range of motion of Sherlock's elbow and shoulder joints.
He stands, listlessly, as John wraps his arms around him. He doesn't make a move to return the hug, just remains stationary and stiff. He knows John is trying to help, but helping him and protecting him seem to be pulling the situation in two opposite directions, leaving him feeling like he's alone on the arena.
In Pierowall, Sherlock makes a point of greeting people he passes on the narrow streets. In London, withdrawing into himself and ignoring others would be the best way to blend in, to be inconspicuous. Here, he should act as if he knows everyone, as if he's been here before and is comfortable in these surroundings. His messy, greasy hair and fledgeling, uneven beard should add verisimilitude; he's hoping the locals will assume he does manual labour.
''Take care, the both of you,'' the cabbie says one last time, before starting his engine and driving off.
''I'm gay, John,'' Yuri says suddenly, amusement creeping into his voice when I turn back to him a few seconds later.
''But I'm not talking about sex,'' I say carefully, and he stops his tirade, watching me with sudden apprehension. I shut my eyes, and finish my assertion. ''I'm talking about rape. Those two events are very different things, even though society often treats them as one activity. They are not the same event. Not at all, Sherlock.''
Especially since we've talked around this issue already. Hinted at it, certainly. I've never been so direct in my wording, or so serious in tone, but he has to have known that I knew something of this nature had been culminating for awhile.
When I return five minutes later, it is with a plate of smoked salmon, baby carrots, hummus. Two blue plates, equal portions. (I'm not making the mistake of giving us variant amounts of food ever again). I set one plate down on the coffee table by Sherlock before I return a moment later with our beverages.
He hesitates, takes a bite of pasta, and then: ''Well, I have an appointment. Not an appointment-appointment. I'm seeing him at his house. Tomorrow. He doesn't usually work it - but I explained a little bit of my situation and he said he'd meet me in the afternoon. So, umm - yeah. That's that.''
Are his words even his own? Or is he merely mimicking the words of his previous boyfriend, his previous therapists? Of people who undoubtedly told him he needed to change, to be healthy, to be whole?
I lather up my hair, and apply extra shaving foam to my skin, holding back the impulse to shave over the cleansed skin until it stings and peals with blood. If I do that - and I have before - it's going to sting, and that's going to be a relief - but then it's going to scab, and I'll just have the impulse to rip the scabs off, and it's all going to get very messy, very fast. But I do shave three times regardless, just to grab any errant hairs that have decided to bypass the razor.
''I'm no expert, but if I hazarded a guess, I'd bet on anorexia nervosa. You know that, don't you? You know that if you came into the clinic - if you were a patient, and not my best friend - I'd be trying to get you a psych referral right now. Do you understand that, Sherlock? How sick you've gotten?''
Since it was dawn, the scene was masked by the peppered darkness that always mingles in with new daylight and it was only his red jumper which grabbed their attention.
Sherlock's face is made of stone and I have no idea what to say any longer. The fact that he's looking at me with an almost desperate need for a response has me unnerved.
"Mycroft often came to bring me milk," Sherlock reiterates softly. "Sometimes he'd bring two glasses of milk. With Ovaltine. He'd put more in my glass, to make it stronger. I liked it that way. Sometimes he'd even sleep in my bed. After - after it happened. He'd rub my back if I couldn't stop crying."
We chat for a few more minutes, while I pencil Sherlock's name into my roster, and explain to John what NHS information I will need in the future. I can hear the weariness - and, if I am not mistaken - a slight ripple of fear - in John's voice before we disconnect.
''I'm busy right now. Experiment,'' he responds gruffly - not meeting my eyes. It's his lack of eye contact that has me most concerned. Aspergerish tendencies aside, Sherlock is not autistic, and he's never had difficulty making eye contact before. The lack of eye contact screams timidity - which is another thing that doesn't fit with what I know about him. If he's hurt, fine. I get it. I'll talk to him (that's the plan), and we'll have a nice little chat about how I'm a boring, stupid human - and how maybe, just maybe he'd be best not to rile me up all the time, and-
A trap. Laying in wait, ready for me to overextend myself and reveal something gritty and juicy and admission-worthy.
And it probably doesn't make any sense to anyone who has not personally suffered from an eating disorder, or a disorder that interweaves with the aspect of self harm, but I feel that there is something rooted in the harming aspect that these patients see as self-validating.
I may not be a sensitive person. I may rarely act respectfully. But I appreciate the good in her, even if I have never told her any of that. Even if I fail to have an equal amount of goodness in myself.
Lestrade nods, taking in the information. Seeing the picture as something that could allude to a darker history.
I knew that heart attacks were actually the primary cause of sudden death in anorexics, and since I didn’t know if that would be his diagnosis since I was operating more on hunches and behavioural observations – I was still quite scared. Because I knew that heart attacks could occur even when the person in question seemed wired with energy, bright and alert and that youth alone was no safety-guard against the heart muscle wastage that inevitably led to its failure.
You wouldn't think such a slender man in such a cool house would be so warm to the touch. Even I feel cold. And I'm downright chubby next to Sherlock.
I feel the smoothness of his skin, and the way his pajama bottoms pucker out, baggy at his hips. Even double knotted at the ties, they are still too large on his body now, and likely will be for some time.
''I will go down fighting. And you know that if I have to I will lie through my teeth if I need to do so. I will convince any individual with the authority to sign off on such an injunction to consider my perspective as an adult who is - doing his best - with medical problems! I will never give in, and you won't win. All you'll do is dredge your name through the muck. Make yourself a bigger target politically than you already are - and even if I don't want that to happen - I will make that happen if you try to do this to me!''
Sorry guys, I thought this chapter would be...Yuri and Sherlock centered. And it's not. That'll be the next chapter, which I will work very hard at getting out to everyone in a week or so. Not a month.
''I don't think there is one right way to feel about this, and I don't think your feelings are wrong or atypical, either. But maybe, it's like...how I felt when I was a kid. When I was homesick. Maybe you always felt that pain, but you kept the emotions and thoughts to yourself, Sherlock. I think we all have this incredible way of surviving through pain, but we get through a lot of hard stuff on our own. Sometimes, it's about repressing certain thoughts, and certain feelings. Sublimating them with other things. Work - your work, the puzzles and riddles that keep your mind busy. That relentless feeling, of always having to do more, and everything about how you've lived for so long. Very little sleep, lots of mental stimulation - that's been your life for so long. Running from place to place with little time to process anything but the immediacy of a case.''
The manicured nails turn up the cream cuffs of his shirt, as if buying time. Formulating a response.
We sit silently for a minute, two minutes. I wipe tears away from my face, and pull the bag of biscotti in towards my stomach. I really yearn to get home. To see him.
"He likely will not be open to communicating with us, but we will not push him. I promise you that."
I drop my hands to my side, debate how to answer. Repress the urge to tighten them into fists. I pat them against my thighs. Think. Tap.
''But don't you think that some of this...restriction...could be linked to a deeper fear, as it relates-''
Initially, the coroner had thought the wounding had been the cause of death, and it wasn't until the fifth child that we learned that really wasn't the case at all.
Perhaps, in a sense, the situation is simply more complicated for one with professional training to consider; it’s a double-edged sword of awareness. I am acutely aware of the long-standing devastation that child abuse can create, and I have learned enough from Sherlock to know that his experiences were particularly brutal if not sadistic in intent.
His back was turned to me, and his hair was nothing but raven ringlets - nearly to his shoulder. His body was all lean lines and proportions, and he was wearing a violet cardigan with a butterfly print shirt underneath.
Because I am a scientist. More than that – I am a detective. But apparently I might have questions about how to document my own experiences and there is something horrendously ironic about that supposition.
''Then call me a liar!,'' I snarl, taking the bowl of broken apart pasta, and pushing it away from me so quickly that it topples over.
''I'd like to establish the nature of the abuse,'' he said carefully, next. Null of emotion. ''Do you know how it would be classified? Was it emotional? Was it something else?''
“February 11th” I write now, in slightly messy point-form cursive. ‘Woke up feeling cold. Got robe. Put on robe. Still feel cold, but not as severely.’
''Secondly, this has less to do with me and you, and more to do with how you feel inside. But you are under obligation to no one - not a single person, ever, for all time - to engage with them sensually, sexually, or in any way for their pleasure. Your body is yours. That doesn't mean I am going to let you abuse it and turn a blind eye to self-harm, but your body and the limits you have for how anyone else in the world engages with it - even me - you make those limits. You always make those limits. I don't care about what you think society says you have to do to be a good 'partner' or what 'true love' means to the rest of the world, or anything else. What you feel and what you fear - both matter to me - not what society says you should feel. Alright?''
Currently he's attacking the top of a new Horlicks container with the tine of a fork, messily trying to open up the container. His motions seem almost frantic even though his facial expression is one of forced calmness.
We've talked around this issue; we haven't confronted it head on. So, really, I am operating in the dark.
Sherlock sits up properly now, swinging his legs over the side of the bed. The two of us sit parallel to each other; Sherlock stares at the floor.
Something tells me that this is not the time to get on his case about eating. Or not eating, as the case may be here.
"He doesn't understand, Sherlock. End of story. He might have seen something on the telly. Something that scared him, and so he thinks sex equals pain."
''No. I will leave you alone in a second. But for now, just tell me. How much do you weigh. Last week is was...what? 121 lbs?''
My head feels cotton batton-y with his words. As if he's speaking to me through a mental wool filter, and the words are distorted and jumbled.
This morning I stare at the vial of pills, pocket them, and then head out to the living room to see what has been prepared for breakfast.
''No, you don't!,'' he exclaims, louder with those three words than he's been in months with anything. ''You don't! I don't - it didn't - I forgot it!''
''Okay,'' he repeats, and even in this dim space with only the blue moonlight and the fluttering ramble of ghostly tree branches flickering about in shadow, I see his eyes close. Hear his breathing start to regulate.
''You don't need to apologize, John,'' he verbalizes, stiffly, his fingers tracing absent minded patterns on the spine of the textbook. ''I know you are trying to help.''
"Alright, well - you used to have panic attacks. And I just so happen to think that you may have had another one again tonight. Did you used to have them often when you were younger?"
What caused me to stop, pause, and study the figure was not how he looked, exactly, but what he was doing.
No doubt, he's already asked all sorts of questions that are hard to answer when attends his sessions.
The red band - denoting my penicillin allergy? That's fine. It's just a penicillin allergy. It's the rest of it that I hate. It's the black on white text.
And the word, too – the word called recovery. As if I could just get better from a state so different and unlike that of having pneumonia or influenza.
When I am done, I stare back at the mirror and feel an unsettling feeling of unreality. So I reach out and touch the glass.
''No; I think Toby's father is gay. I think he's always identified as gay, but has never been out. I think if he's having an affair - it's undoubtedly with a man. I think Mrs. Thiessen suspects - deep down - that her husband prefers men to women, sexually if not romantically too, but I believe they both love one another, or initially loved one another and since then...they both are more or less keeping up appearances. Which is usually detrimental to relationships. I don't believe Mrs. Thiessen suspects her husband is cheating, and I think that her husband feels sick about what he's done, because he still cares about her well being. He doesn't want to hurt her, anyway.''
Enter as softly as I can. I feel like a naughty child whose tardy to class and has been called in to speak with the headmaster.
His body - always, always pale - looks now tinged with blue. The veins of his arms are more prominent and bulge out past his elbows. His left elbow is bruised a horrible purple as if he has jammed himself with a grotesquely large hypodermic.
''I do apologize for my apparent tardiness. We were unsure I might add of when to expect you, sir. Hence my departure. Although I think it's time we get down to matters now. I am certain you'd like to return to your other patients.''
I stilled his objections with a kiss, wrapped my hands around his skull, and rocked into his body until I felt what I am looking for; what I needed to feel.
''I want John to stay,'' he says quickly, his whole face projecting more fear than any sense of command he likely wishes to give off.
''You said you loved me. Last night,'' he murmurs, his cheeks turning pink. Pink splaying across those high cheekbones. His eyes look bright, almost feverish.
Because I don't know why this is starting again. This issue. For years, I had this under control. And in the last half year, what started as a niggling thought now and again has blossomed into something as pernicious as it ever was in my youth, and in many respects - even more disruptive and consuming than it was even at its worst, previously. And that thought is fear inducing because I did get very, very sick before. Even I understand that.
I know that feeling. I knew what it was like with a parent that drank, and with a sister who drank even more.
''This is probably a bad choice; a bad allotment of my daily calories,'' he says in a mock blase tone. Like he doesn't really care about eating junk, when we both know he obviously does. When we both know the degree to which he does, indeed, care has consumed him.
Creating a cloak about your body. Flipping up the sides of coats in a gesture that could almost indicate ''keep out,'' tying a sash around your belly to wrap yourself up in a gown or something that would further conceal your body.
''We are almost home now,'' John says quickly. I can hear the sound of his tongue as it runs along his lips. The slight smacking sound of dry flesh being moistened by wet tissue.
''I was actually pretty worried about you, after you left the hospital. I honestly think you'd benefit from talking to someone. So, if you want to talk once a week, and it's helping, I'm adaptable. If you change your mind, then you can talk to me more. There's no real pressure. I just would rather know you can talk to someone, rather than no one.''
''Like hell we are taking this case! I don't do cases with children! It's a rule I have! It IS my choice!''
John looks almost angry. He's now sitting up and in the next movement has my shoulders under his hands, angling me towards him.
Carrying the beverages - one in either hand - I ascend the stairs and pad on over to Sherlock's room. He must be in his room. His coat is hanging on the coat rack in the foyer. His scarf too. He wouldn't leave either at home. Even in the summertime he wears his coat, and besides - he's almost autistic-like in certain aspects of his daily routine.
But one thing necessitated speed of action: Lestrade was convinced it was the work of a serial killer.
His being here, in relative safety, among people who want him to get better? That seems to fill him with a type of nameless dread. He's currently among people who want the best for him, and he's fucking terrified.
In these dreams, the blinds were closed - always closed - and Sherlock would be resting to the side - in my bed. I'd be curled around him, and the dreams would unfold as if I were watching the scene play out from overhead. As if I was watching two people from above, two people who moved in tandem. Abortive little shifts of my hips, and his own would press out, and he'd grasp my hands, silencing his vocalizations. In the dreams, at this point, I'd sometimes press my lips to his ear, whisper to him. The phrases would change depending on the dream, but typically I'd be murmuring something to him like, ''Is this okay?,'' or ''Can I hear you?''
''Mmm,'' he breaths, looking suddenly so much like a child-John that I almost pull away, feeling alarmed and disconnected. Feeling almost dissociative.
When I get to the living room, I move towards my filing cabinets and open them near-soundlessly. I look through four files, and then look through one at the back, pulling the manila towards me and dropping it on the desk. A multitude of little cards fall out and I pick them up quickly, looking for one that is bent and buttercup yellow.
''I said I thought I might have loved Victor. I have no idea! How do you know, anyway? How do you know when or if you love someone? No book, no encyclopedia - nothing you read or watch or see can tell you for sure. You are just supposed to know, but I don't know. Because it's one thing to act like you love someone and another thing to actually love them! And I never feel anything!''
“And I still say you’re an idiot. But you’re a useful, brilliant idiot.” Greg shook his head, “Valuable. Reckless. Caring. Stubborn. Sassy.” Judith swatted at him, giggling. He hadn’t stopped touching, working his fingers in a slow massage to calm the twitching, aching muscles.
“You alright?” He asked lowly. Sally shook her head. This whole mess had made her sick, but she wasn’t about to show that to anyone else.
“Better off without them in your life, dear.” John smiled and stroked the lines of Sherlock’s face, discovering that his cheekbones were just as defined as they looked but far softer. He watched those marvellous eyes flutter at the soft touch and realized that Sherlock responded to intimacy far better than he’d expected of someone with his history. He wasn’t the first person to be gentle with him, but he was one of very few in Sherlock’s history to
“Check skips and bins around the hotel, they wouldn't have carried it for long. And look for bloodied clothing as well.” She inspected the body once someone had given her a pair of nitrile gloves.
picture, that showed her with John and Sherlock. She was in her Met uniform, John wore his fatigues, and Sherlock that ridiculous Belstaff coat of his. They were obviously on a scene, if their expressions and the glimpse of yellow tape and police vehicles in the background were anything to go by. John didn’t wear his fatigues very often, usually only to get-togethers with squad-mates from Afghanistan, and she tried to date the picture from clues. Time of day, landmarks visible in the frame, anyone else in the frame, that sort of thing. She couldn’t think of anything just then, but it didn’t really matter. It was a picture of all three of them together, even if they weren’t smiling. Taping it to her monitor, she finished setting up her workspace and got some paperwork done.
“Don’t do that to yourself, Greg, you know exactly why I stay.” She scolded, “The convenience of the station around the corner is way at the bottom of the list of reasons I still split the rent on this place with you.”
?” He very carefully took Strange’s hand in both of his, “Christ, man!” A broad network of scars crisscrossed Strange’s hands, he could see where the tendons had seized and caused the fingers to curl. It was painful just to see.
“Yes, ma’am.” Moran smiled, cradled her face in gentle hands, and kissed her. It was a very different experience, it always had been, from anyone else she had ever kissed. He let her go and leaned against the wall of the ambulance station, fishing a pack of cigarettes and a lighter from his pocket. She didn’t smoke very often, it made running miserable, but she didn’t turn down the
Outside, the screech of brakes heralded a vehicle coming to a halt. The flashing lights of a police car came through the window. John would have called Scotland Yard the minute he was snatched. And Sherlock was fairly certain he had actually seen one of the Yard’s marked Rovers parked outside the flat when they’d arrived. Only one member of The Met’s patrols had a reason to be sitting on Baker Street tonight, and he was ever so grateful for the kind of friends he had.
“I’ve got personal interest in your boss’s safety and well-being, like hell am I going to sit there and let his bitch of an ex-wife tear him down.” She clenched and unclenched her right hand. Donovan’s phone rang, it was Lestrade with a case. Apparently this was an-all hands sort of affair and on top of calling in Sherlock Holmes, Lestrade wanted Judith and her brother along.
This is the beginning of the Doctor Strange/Sherlock crossovers! James Bond/Sherlock featured in the previous chapters! Jaqueline meets the charming, arrogant Doctor Strange in this chapter! I kind of sort of fell in love with Strange when I saw the movie, but I can't help myself!
Judith leaned against her Rover, which had seen a bit of action tonight, and looked at her watch as the car pulled away from Baker Street.
“All fifteen. I expect Roger and Anita will be home any minute, they would be happy to talk to you! We were so afraid it would get lost in red-tape or forgotten!”
. Proper genius.” The cabbie turned and walked back to the table as Sherlock’s head slumped down onto his hand again. He felt terrible, far worse than any hangover or high. And he was more likely to suffer a hangover than a high these days.
?” John turned his head and kept his hands behind his back. That was Sherlock’s cue and as they had discussed, he stepped out of the house in Belstaff, scarf, and deerstalker. After a while, it was clear he would never get a word in edgewise, so John raised one hand and things got very quiet very quickly. Looking at Sherlock, who mouthed “Thank you”, he gave a subtle wink. He would always look after Sherlock’s interests. Facing the expectant throng, Sherlock had just two words for them: “Not. Dead.” John snorted, keeping a straight face. The interviews took a bit longer than
After paying his portion of the bill and exchanging business-cards with their table-mates, he went out front to wait for Judith to re-surface. He would be shaking glitter out of his coat for weeks, never mind the blazer and shirt he’d worn today, and it would take a few days for the glitter to stop falling from his hair. She had been subtle with her distribution, he’d seen what happened when the girls got plucky with the glitter. Judith joined him a few minutes later, back in her uniform and every inch the disciplined soldier. But Greg knew her wicked little secret. The harsh glow of the street-lights set her skin alight with rainbow sparks of the body-glitter she’d worn during the performance, and he smiled, buttoning his mack closed over the scarf still around his neck. His scarf hid it as well, it was a little soft secret against his skin. He reached for his keys, but thought better of it. Between the hour and the alcohol, he didn’t feel comfortable getting behind the wheel.
“Why is it a problem, sir? I completed the required two-hundred hours of operational service and got my Independent Patrol Status last month. It’s not like I’ve skipped any steps.” That would be true if Mycroft and M had bumped her from Special Constable to, say, Detective Constable, but it didn’t look like they’d done that. At least, she didn’t
“He knows we’re here, and what we’re here for.” She knocked again, “Met Police, come to the door!” The door opened for them, but they were blocked from immediate entry by Mrs Hudson, who’s eyes widened as she recognized all but Anderson and the constables at the door.
“I pulled these yesterday before I left the office.” She looked up the stairs, “Sherlock! Got something for ya!”
“Mr. Almond, New Scotland Yard, sir. Can we come in?” There was a bit of a commotion inside and she saw Donovan reach for her waistband. She caught the sergeant by the hand and shook her head. No need here. The door flew open, thrown wide by Gerald Almond, who must have recognized her voice.
Once Mary was gone, which didn’t take very long, John went out to the back garden. Amazingly, no one outside seemed to have noticed the disturbance.  At least, the children hadn’t. John found Rosie, she was playing with some of the other children. When she spotted them by the door, however, she came running.
“Oi!” She hollered, “Kittern!” Hearing her, the tall one paused and looked over. Seeing her and recognizing her, his eyes brightened.
“Are you all right, sir?” A nearby constable asked, concerned for the Chief Superintendent’s safety.
“Get yourself together. I want your best game.” Sherlock faces off against Jefferson Hope. It doesn't end quite the way Hope was probably expecting, but Sherlock has no problem playing a bit dirty. And neither do the Watsons.
.” She muttered. Stephen chuckled and they went out to the atrium balcony to see who had come to Sanctorum for reasons unknown to them.
I go to work for NSY, I’ll probably do patrol, I can’t hope to get into Homicide right away. Otherwise, I might go in as a forensics specialist. My brother and I both are forensic pathologists, but the Army gave us training as general surgeons. We have more than a few skills.” Judith finished the tea and got ready for the night. She had some negative energy to work off, and this seemed a good way to do it.
“Yeah, I’m right here. Focus on my voice, can you do that? You’re alright, it was just a bad dream.”
“Sorry, I’ve got an itch.” She stripped off her damp kit and tossed it into the laundry-bin, “A bad one.”
“You’ll be in good hands. This isn’t real, Seb’s got his orders, and if anyone else tries funny business, it won’t last long. Get that pen-drive.”
“All right?” He asked gruffly, hoping to god she hadn’t been hurt tonight. Judith tilted her head back, breathing heavily, trying to reorient herself. Her face was white and he suspected that she was on the verge of a break-down.
“The police don’t consult amateurs.” He looked out of the side window of the cab, biting his lip nervously while he awaited John’s reaction.
“Got some steam to blow off. If you want a break from this madness, stop by Maroush any time between eight and half-one. I’ll be there all night.” With a nod to Sherlock and Anderson, she left the house. John was speaking with the morgue-teams that had come to collect the bodies, and Donovan paced by the line, keeping out curious bystanders with the help of two constables. She waved to her brother and headed for Donovan as she sent a text to him.
“I’ve heard and seen far stranger.” John shrugged, not quite bothered by that revelation. He knew a thing or two about the subtly and art of poisons.
They walked a ways together, not saying anything, but the silence was not uncomfortable. Whatever questions he had would only be answered if he was brave enough to ask.
?” He looked sideways at Sherlock, “Maybe. But for all anyone in London knows, I’m either dead or off the grid. And no one who knows would have talked.”
his ungrateful poncy arse when the caravan is ambushed by a bunch of opportunistic Al Qaida lackeys and dragging him out of harm’s way before going back for your own guys.”
When they got out at the Radcliffe house, John went right to the Land Rover carrying the Radcliffe dogs, one hand on the door-handle as the front door of the small house flew open and the residents came running. As soon as he saw Mr and Mrs Radcliffe, he pulled the door open and let out Pongo and Perdy. Watching the couple reunite with their dogs was perfect, and John leaned against the car.
“Ya heard me, posh.” The man tipped his head but didn’t raise it, “Said there’s whispers. Streets talk, y’know?”
The former soldier was nothing if not clever and crafty and resourceful. He had withdrawn a hefty sum from his bank account, nearly wiping it out in fact, which had given him the cash he needed to go off-grid completely. Cameras were useless, as he proved rather adept at hiding in blind-spots and blending with the crowds of London when he couldn’t.
following her to Kamar-Taj. Well, whatever the case, she was grateful, even if it wouldn't be much use.
“Has to be. But taking the fifteen puppies from your house was personal.” Sherlock paced the room, thinking faster than anyone in the room aside from John. “You have your suspicions, I know you do.”
“Come in, Sherlock.” She smiled and left the door to the shower-room open a bit, “I didn’t see you when we got back in.”
“Oh, you sweet, innocent little thing.” John looked disgustingly pleased with himself, “You’re in for a treat! Go do some homework! Go hunting in MI6’s archives, see what you can find.” He knew about John’s Army service, twenty years of it, but there had been a few gaps, one spanning almost six years. It had still counted, of course, but…where had he gone for six years? What did Mycroft know? Was that history why Mycroft had offered to help him find John? Because he knew the veteran and knew what he was capable of?
The Met arrived about twenty minutes after they put Christopher Lachey in handcuffs. By that time, John was sitting on their suspect’s back, quite effectively pinning him to the concrete. Lachey had made a break for it, but John had wasted no time taking him to ground. His knees objected to extended periods of kneeling these days, but sitting was no problem. Lachey struggled at the sound of sirens and John calmly tapped the back of the man’s skull with his pistol to make him lay still.
“Talk to John, sweetie. He’s got it on standby just for this reason.” Greg patted her on the shoulder sympathetically, “Christ, that’s a Grade II almost a month after the fact, I can’t imagine what a Grade III would have done to you.”
It occurred to Greg Lestrade that he had known Judith Watson for nine years, had been in a relationship of some breed with her for almost a year, and yet, he had never had a chance to see her outside of anything remotely related to work. This trip to the British Virgin Islands was a once-in-a-lifetime chance to see her in a neutral atmosphere. The Judith he saw while they were on Virgin Gorda was child-like and giddy, eager to try
“Time to tear down Beverley Watson. I will not call her Beverley Hughes, it’s an insult to the name.” He looke from Judith to John, “When this is over, I’m taking the pair of you for a pint. I’d like to get to know you better, Captain Hughes.”
for an easy target, my dear.” Moran murmured. He knew exactly how dangerous Judith could be, how lethal. He had taught her everything she knew, practically. And what he
surprise me all the time. What’s your connect with the Director of MI6? I didn’t even know the Director was a
“My brother was here earlier. Almost right after Moriarty left here.” He remembered Mycroft holding him and calming him down, singing to him. “It might be his scent.”
“Hmm. A bit. Some family I talk to, anyway.” Judith shrugged. “Mr. Hope, financial difficulties are no justification for the murders of five people. Or the attempted kidnapping and murder of a sixth.”
“You know, this is where we send difficult students to test their ability to get out of a difficult situation. You come here for escape.”
She reported to James Roben’s office and he explained things to her. This was not something he approved of, it was very unusual, not quite regulation, but these orders had come from quite a bit higher than he cared to nose, so she was about to become a full police constable.
“That can be arranged. But you realize, Mr Hope, that your next stop out of Baker Street is prison. We can’t have you taking anyone else for a final ride.” Judith folded her hands on the table-top, “And the Detective Inspector will remain on-premises. Procedure, you know?” Hope just shrugged, seemingly content to stay as long as the police-presence on Baker Street was minimized.
“You’re lucky,” Q said, his tone exasperated. “Believe me, you would remember.” The expression on his face was a familiar one, that of a long-suffering sibling who had seen everything and more still and knew there was little to no end of chaos the other was capable of causing if left to their own devices.
.” She murmured as she stepped into the build-site, sweeping the beam of her torch into corners of darkness. As a precaution, she silenced her radio.
, Doctor Watson?” Greg just raised an eyebrow and she rolled hers as John closed the door once she was in.
“Sounds like my brother, alright.” Sherlock went back to what he was doing, “Nosy, interfering bastard. Useful, though.”
“Don’t be, it was very clear you were uncomfortable with being called out for past behaviour. Not that I blame you.” He made a dismissive gesture with one hand, “People are idiots anyway. Well, most of them are idiots.”
Pulling up at 221 Baker Street, Judith had her Browning out and ready, thumb on the safety. John was right behind her as she tried the door. It had been locked from inside. John used his house-key and she shoved her weight to the door, throwing it open. The door banged against the wall and she sprinted through into the foyer, skidding when she caught sight of Mrs Hudson standing at the base of the ladder on which one of Moriarty’s assassins was perched. Neither of them had heard Judith and John’s noisy entry, but Mrs Hudson caught sight of them and her eyes widened.
I also used some dialogue from The Abominable Bride in this chapter! Modified for my purposes, of course, but can I just say that TAB John Watson is a sassy bastard and I love him so dearly?
“The most important equipment was always returned intact, John,” Sherlock said as he adjusted their positions. “I’ve come to appreciate the human element far more in the past few years, and I realize that being alone is not as ... desirable as I thought it once was.”
“Moriarty, sir!” The exclamation was broken up by static, but still very clear. They all turned to the door, and Sherlock felt a stab of fear. Not again. Please, not ever again. He would die before submitting to Moriarty even once more. Unfortunately, he just might get that misguided wish if he wasn't careful.
“Uh…” John pulled back and refocused on the present moment. “Oh. Um. This is…Mum, this is Sherlock Holmes.” John sat back and Sherlock put both arms around his mate. Alexandra’s eyes widened as she put the pieces together.
“You know something, Mycroft. You know something important. You haven’t told anyone. I don’t care why, but I do care that you seem to think I’m just that stupid.”
She was not surprised to get home from dropping the car off at the station just ahead of Greg. She held the door for him and locked it once they were both inside. She checked on the wards she had set around the house and all were in place and solid. Nothing was getting through without her knowing about it first. Queenie came out to greet them, climbing to her favorite perch on Judith’s shoulders.
“Good enough.” He smiled and looked over his shoulder at the door. “Kitty will be happy to keep you company. Just don’t let her get into your experiments.”
“You don’t say things like that to me, John.” Judith leaned her head back a bit, “You usually save that kind of praise for your mad flat-mate.”
out of place, at first glance just a pair of businessmen on a late train home from work. But there was something else, something her training picked up. She remembered them getting on at Baker Street.
you.” John rolled his eyes and rifled through the closet for something decent to wear. Even if they never left the house, he would feel much better wearing normal clothes. The question remained would any of his old clothes
“Uh.” She looked through the binoculars at the man walking towards the apartment, “Fire up the laptop really quick.”
n. Gaelic for "English person," 1771, Sassenaugh, literally "Saxon," fromGaelic Sasunnach, from Latin Saxones, from a Germanic source (cf. OldEnglish Seaxe "the Saxons;" see Saxon ). The modern form of the word was established c.1814 by Sir Walter Scott, from Scottish Sasunnoch, Irish Sasanach, Welsh Seisnig.
“Definitely. You two might get moved to a safe-house for this, so don’t let him get too comfortable.”
“Yes. I suppose I was, once.” A grimace of a pain far beyond the physical passed across John’s face, and he struggled to stand. Sherlock quickly offered him a hand up, it was the least he could do.
seen tattoos. Had he? Then, by some grace, the man turned and Sherlock could finally see his face. It
“No. My father died when I was quite young, but I don’t miss him any more than I miss my brother.” He shook his head as the driver announced their destination once the cab had come to a complete stop. “My mother is still alive, I haven’t been in touch lately.”
“Yes, ma’am!” His smile was a bit brighter and she handed him the second wet flannel, which he used to wipe his face. She pressed a packet of oyster crackers into his hand as she got up, nodding as he ripped it open and nibbled on the little crackers inside. It wasn’t much, but it would settle his stomach a bit.
“A little skinny and mangy, but look where I found them? Mum’s in good shape, though, so I wonder if she’s not an escaped or discarded pet.” Judith shrugged, which unbalanced but did not dislodge the cat, “She’s a rather affectionate thing.”
After the promotion ceremony, Judith returned to normal duties. She would undergo required classes for her new station as soon as possible. But she knew better than to think her transition would be a quiet one. With Jefferson Hope still on the streets of London, hunting his next victim or victims, she wasn’t about to relax.
“You need to get back before five. She’ll be out on the water until about three. I can get you there and back in time.”
Q’s face when I dragged back looking more dead than alive. Three months in Cambodia and I nearly got myself killed in the last two weeks.” John squinted, half-blind in the water, soap running down his face, “Oh, And Medical? Let’s just say it’s a
“Sure. I’ll do what I can. They respect you, and I can muzzle the gossips.” Greg ruffled his hair with one hand, looking like he hadn’t slept in weeks, or at least not
“If DeVil disappears on us, we’re screwed. No.” He snarled. Sherlock snickered and hailed a cab. No answer again, he hung up and called a third time. This time, Greg answered.
“You tied her down, but you never set rules about monogamy for your relationship.” John was thinking about Judith, “Is that going to change?”
Carrying two boxes each of personal effects, Greg left The Met with Judith at his side. They had left behind the keys to their respective cars, wanting nothing to do with their jobs between now and the day they returned to regular duty outside of occasional outings with their NSY peers for pub nights, so they took a taxi home. The first thing he did was take a shower and sleep for twelve hours. Practical concerns would be addressed when he had slept enough to make up for at least some of the lost hours, but not a minute before then. Whatever the future held, Greg would face it head-on and without fear.
“Your guess is as good as mine! I’m doomed! Roben hates me already, and Anderson was looking for me outside a minute ago! What do I
“Ladies and gentlemen, will you all please get on your knees?” He called bluntly. Nearby, Greg had recovered a bit and wore an expression that screamed: “Oh, for fuck’s sake!” What was an escape without appropriate dramatics? Of course, no one reacted very quickly, and he fired twice into the air to get the point across.
“There is that.” Sherlock chuckled. God bless his John. And woe to Jim Moriarty and his alter-ego Richard Brook, if they were, in fact, the same person and not, say, identical twins. God help them if that was true, and he wouldn’t put it past Moriarty to do something like that.
“I doubt your boss would consider that a good use of his resources.” Greg didn’t seem to think it was very funny that one of his constables had been picked on by a serial-killer.
“Are they at a doctor’s appointment?” Sherlock asked, looking around the sitting-room for clues to the life these people led.
“You’re a pretty girl, yeah? I bet you’re beautiful when you’re all cleaned up right.” She pulled off the coverall and bundled it up for later. The taxi was still there and she went to get the number and registration tags.
“Let me settle things out with Mary first.” John knew it wasn’t what Sherlock wanted to hear, but he would do this right if it was the last thing he did. He didn’t want any loose ends this time. Mycroft’s people would take care of things once he’d settled the legal bits, and he would happily let them.
“A glass of the 2011 Meo-Camuzet Corton-Charlemagne, please.” Mycroft rattled off something from the wine-list that John knew cost nearly two-hundred quid for a bottle. Not a glass, a bottle. Jesus.
This warning came back two or three times before Greg finally reached the end of his breaking point and excused himself. On her phone, and on Greg’s and Sally’s, was the following message:
“Mm, wouldn’t do to have someone offing the poncy brats, I guess. Shame, though, I know a few who could use a good scare.”
.” He made a soft noise of distress and clenched his teeth. The young constable gave him a measured, sad look and John cleared his throat abruptly. That wasn’t pity, but John wasn’t sure if he really wanted to know what it was. He hated people feeling sorry for him, it always made him feel worthless.
“What brought you to Kamar-Taj, if you don’t mind me asking?” He’d heard about Strange, but never gotten a name for him.
“Yeah.” He sighed, wishing to god Judith Watson was his for having. They were merely acquaintances at this point in their history, barely friends, and she seemed more likely to go after Sherlock Holmes or his brother than a washed-up, tired old copper like him. A fresh beer was pushed into his hands and he drank with abandon, watching Judith and wishing for the impossible.
Mycroft pays a visit to Maroush Edgeware Road to see if he can catch Judith Watson on her shift as a dancer. Also, it has been a very long, strenuous day for all of them, and this seems to be a fitting way to unwind. Good food, excellent drink, and extremely good company can make a difference in a man's outlook on things.
“Save time, save water. I’d be an idiot if I thought this would surprise him.” He muttered as they pulled off damp layers, “But
“Still.” She sighed. The fatigues had been stiffly starched to regulation standards, and itched a bit. She had the feeling this whole mess had been pre-planned, she had come home to find the uniform laid out on the bed, everything from smock to boots, freshly laundered and starched. She was a bit grateful she hadn’t found a dress-uniform laid out, that would have been awful.
“And you two, take care of each other properly. Don’t be a pair of idiots about things anymore.” This was said with a sharp look for John, who had settled himself with his head in Sherlock’s lap, “Either of you boys, I’ve had enough tip-toeing and such nonsense.”
“John, don’t…leave me!” He curled his long body around his mate’s paws, his tail curling around a hind leg, pushing his head up to touch the fur on John’s chest. The Cù-Sìth stood nearly seven feet tall, but Sherlock was half of that in his Other Form, he could only imagine the sight they made standing on Baker Street together. Taking care of Moriarty’s lot didn’t take very long, and it was only when Donovan screamed that he remembered she was even involved. She was backing away from John, but Sherlock got underfoot and tripped her with his tail. He was not sorry for it. In a heartbeat, John slammed a paw down on her and put his jaws around her. But it wasn’t a human he held, it was a Cat Sìth. Oh, of
Nearby, Sherlock had been leaned against the side of a police car, facing it. John was slammed up against the car next to him and to his left. Sherlock looked across to him with an amused expression on his face.
“Making sure neither of us gets into trouble.” He sent off the text and waited for a reply before he pocketed both his phone and the keys he ended up prying out of Lestrade’s hand.
“Right. Go-time.” He muttered and crossed the street. Getting into the parking garage was simple, and he followed Sherlock carefully. He was far enough behind that by the time he caught
“Thanks for the wheels, Watson! She got a little roughed up, sorry about that!” The man had said cheerfully before disappearing to get seen to. John had quietly plotted Bennett’s demise for weeks before M shuffled the man off onto a dead-end mission a few months later and he was never seen alive again. No one had really mourned Bennett’s death, John certainly hadn’t.
“No, no! The night you…the night you killed Beth Davenport!” Judith shook her head in disbelief. “The night I found the
“Far as we can go.” John collected their coats and they followed Greg down to the street. They drove in with him, saving money and time for once.
“Real piece of work, runs a fashion-house in London. Name of DeVil.” He ducked into the taxi and gave the address for Baker Street. “Uh, 221B Baker Street, please.”
“Lestrade!” She chuckled and went to the car, leaning in through the window, “Fancy running into you around here, Inspector!”
“Focus, John!” Judith hissed as they watched Sherlock plummet from the ledge, “Full focus! Don’t look away!”
When John Watson woke to dim daylight in the back bedroom of Baker Street, it only took him a minute to piece together how he’d ended up here. At some time in the night, he had rolled onto his front and his head had landed on a bony shoulder that still made a better pillow than anything stuffed with feathers or polyester fluff. He was in Baker Street, in the back bedroom, sleeping on Sherlock Holmes’s shoulder while he read something on the iPad John had bought him as a gift for his birthday back in 2011. The bed was soft, warm, and he was disinclined to move for much beyond a trip to the loo and maybe food. He yawned and shuffled over, peeking at the screen.
“That’s messing with fates already in motion, it shouldn’t be done,” Wong said carefully. Judith shook her head.
As it got later, she stopped off for a bite to eat and asked for any affordable hostels in the area. She got the name of a few with reasonable rates and set off again to find a place to stay for the night. All of them were full, and none of the secondaries she got were in her price range. It was getting late when she found herself wandering the streets of Mayfair. Judith wasn’t too worried, but she resolved to stop at the next hostel she saw. But Judith never got that far. She saw a flash of lights behind her and looked over her shoulder as an unmarked silver car slid up along the kerb and stopped. She stood on the sidewalk, wondering what on earth had happened, and briefly if Sherlock Holmes had anything to do with it. The window rolled down and she almost laughed as she recognised the driver.
“Your wi-fi password.” Strange grinned at her, “We’re not complete savages at Kamar-Taj, Judith. Sleep well.”
Greg didn’t need to be in the same room to know Mycroft was smiling. He glanced up at the man still standing by the door of his office, standing at ease but ready for action in whatever form it took, and grinned.
“Just a bit of something to keep you on your toes.” Greg smiled and tapped her on the nose, “If the rest of today is just god-forsaken hell, then at least this morning wasn’t a complete loss, yeah?”
“Former Army medic, couple of tours in Afghanistan. Best site to place a line is here.” She touched her fingertip to her skin and watched it go translucent, revealing the networks of veins.
So it was with an uneasy conscience that Mycroft informed his freshly-returned and very much alive brother of things in late October of 2014.
“So much for not being much trouble!” Sherlock muttered, lowering his mug to take a sip. Of course, as John had known she would, Kitty had her head inside the cup the minute Sherlock had it lowered.
“Oh, Christ.” She turned and dropped down into a squat, bracing her back against the cubicle’s edge as she blew out a long breath and tried to calm herself down. Greg came back in, having apparently seen no sign of anyone outside. He started to pace up and down near Judith, hyper and distracted.
“Leave it!” He pulled, “That’s Judith! She’ll pick it up! Keep going!” He shoved John down a side alley as the police car raced straight across the junction. They ran down the alleyway and reached high railings blocking their way. They got separated for a minute until they figured out how to get John over the railings.
“Stop dying on me, Sherlock. I can’t … ” He covered his face with both hands, gone for propriety and anything resembling control. He hated crying, it made him feel so sick and empty inside.
.” He was trying not to smile, and doing a relatively good job of things. “But why would the director of MI6 care what you do?”
“Because he knows I’m going back to the scene, and he wants a distant look at the response to his last victim’s discovery.” She turned her focus back to the road and didn’t think of Hope again until they reached the Lauriston Gardens scene. Driving in under the tape-line that had been set up to keep out bystanders, she looked for the forensics team.
“You were in Pakistan on a surveillance mission, you must have been. Just keep eyes on, but licensed to act if necessary.” He remembered that particular mission of his, and the constant nagging feeling that he was being followed. But he had never noticed anything out of the ordinary or managed to make his tail. There had been one or two times he’d
ring, which he laid down on a towel, folding the cloth over it to conceal it just in case Judith came up while he was busy.
“Intelligence is not a man’s only virtue, Mr Holmes. If it makes any difference to you, I might have taken my orders from your brother but do not ever make the mistake of thinking me a throw-away lackey.”
“Do you want us taking the credit for this case, Greg?” John looked at the kind D.I. who had always looked out for them, “I mean, I know your bosses don’t like us getting all the glory while you lot do the hard work.”
, how are you doing that?” He rolled his eyes even as Sherlock carefully rolled them so he was on the bottom of the arrangement. That was fine with him. John tugged on the material of Sherlock’s tee-shirt and got it over his head, his own tee-shirt followed in quick like fashion, disappearing from sight as Sherlock tossed it carelessly behind him. He played with messy dark curls as Sherlock made his way down from John’s hairline. It was just the way he did things, and John was happy to let him. He sighed into a kiss, a very selfish kiss. It was as if Sherlock was trying to take every memory of Mary and replace her. John was very happy to let him do that, for as long and as often as he wished. Kissing Sherlock was … it felt right, it felt safe. It was familiar and he didn’t have to pretend it made him happy, that he
“Saw the cab about an hour and a half ago, parked right there.” She pointed to where Greg’s car now sat, “Got a good look at his face, too. Pretty average-looking bloke, doesn’t look a thing like a serial-killer.”
“Not having any family I’d talk to.” She rolled her shoulders, “I suspect my grandmother would be rather put out if I suddenly decided I wanted nothing to do with her anymore, which would be quite rude of me since she’s always supported me, no matter how much I botched things.”
“I think it is best if we took our leave now, Gregory,” Mycroft said quietly. “With Your Majesty’s leave.”
“They wouldn’t have. None of the doors had been forced, the locks were intact.” He squinted, “Whoever killed Sherlock was finishing a job that failed the first time. They missed once, they weren’t going to again.” He sniffled and dialled a number on his phone. It rang twice and picked up.
“You risked your life five times just to kill strangers. You’re dying, aren’t you?” The cabbie’s eyes flickered but he managed to hold Sherlock’s gaze.
“Didn’t think you would be. Me neither. I’ve seen too much out here to believe in a benevolent god-figure.” Judith sighed and rolled her shoulders. Sherlock smiled and turned her so her back was to him and carefully let her hair down from the damp bun, using a comb to work out any new tangles and getting to work braiding it.
“Do you know the words, Judith?” Sherlock murmured. She nodded, maintaining contact with John, and knew what Sherlock was asking for.
“I was a doctor, it’s in my nature to take care of people.”  He turned the man’s head to inspect for old injuries. There weren’t any that he could see, not right away. John sighed and carefully stroked the soft, smooth skin under his jaw. “You’re scared half to death, aren’t you?”
“What?” He frowned, leaning forward on the balls of his feet as he crouched before his chair, rubbing her knee absently as he tried to calm her down, “Why would…oh, hold on. Wait. They bumped you past Police Constable up to DC, didn’t they?”
“Mm. Why don’t we come to you at Scotland Yard instead? I’ll make sure Holmes behaves himself.” She rubbed her hands together, “I’m not certain of his living-arrangements and I don’t have any of my own at the moment.”
“Return the car to Kensington after I situate the fuzzy ones, and then hitch a ride across the bridges to MI6. I need some higher help.”
It was quiet until March when Greg informed Judith that she was getting two weeks off for an over-due vacation.
her than disliked her, as far as she was aware, but the negative energy this morning was an almost physical weight on her shoulders.
!” She pressed one hand to her mouth for a moment, stifling a bubble of something in her chest, “Well, I kind of have to do that!”
“A bit over, I was working for The Met six months by this time last year.” She smirked, pushing him off. They collected their bags and made a few calls. John and Sherlock were going to watch the cats while they were gone and John showed up at the same time the car did. While Mycroft’s driver, Andre, loaded their luggage into the boot, John took the pet-carriers for Queenie and Rocket.
stole it from me.” The man muttered, refusing to look at any of them. “I have good reason to be worried.”
“Yeah. Real wishful thinking.” Lestrade’s glass hit the table with a thud. “Though, in all fairness, last year sort of did the trick.”
“Oh, Christ.” She folded her hands against her mouth, tapping her lips with her fingertips. A pair of MI6 suits, it looked like. This could be just about anything, but she didn’t think it was another inspection, there had been no word.
“Swing both ways when the fancy strikes me, Doctor Strange!” She looked over her shoulder, “We can talk about my sexual orientation after we handle Kaecilius!” And speaking of swinging, she caught him slinging a gorgeous red cloak around his shoulders.
“Not yet. She’s got influence like nobody’s business. I don’t feel like levelling accusations that heavy against a woman far better equipped to fight me in court without solid evidence.”
“At minimum a week.” He sighed and fussed with his coat, “I really have no idea, Mrs Hudson. That’s completely up to Sergeant Watson, and she is not the sort of woman to be disobeyed or underestimated.”
“Amen.” Judith scraped out the potato-skin shell and started in on that bit, “God, these remind me of Chris Havens. Remember him?”
“We will begin in the morning.” The Ancient One smiled, “Sleep well, Judith Watson, you are going to need all the luck and strength you can muster.”
“St. Bart’s? You’re fucking kidding me, right?” But Mycroft’s expression said otherwise. No, he was really quite serious. John snorted. “I’m not about to spend the rest of my life teaching a bunch of snot-nosed ungrateful med-school grads who can’t keep their patients alive long enough to figure out what's wrong with them!”
“Oh, you’d deserve it! And Mummy would laugh at you for it, too, you know she would.” He said indignantly. “I don’t like being
After a while, he was aware of being watched. Not by anyone wishing him harm, but just a casual, curious gaze. He was one of many people crowding the footpath for Hoot tonight, just another face among hundreds. Sherlock wore nondescript clothes suitable to the venue, a far cry from his usual get-up. Tonight he wore fitted skinny-jeans, a pair of John’s old desert-boots that he had recovered on one of many visits to London, and a red V-neck that was a hair shy of too tight and barely reached his waistband, above which a peek of his underwear was visible. His hair was much shorter than it had been five years ago, and he had lined his eyes. Not obviously like some blokes did, just a hint of it. He didn’t get out very often, not for something like this, so it was exciting and liberating to be out tonight among his own kind. Even if he was feeling rather sorry for himself and probably should have stayed home by himself.
“Just a bit.” He picked up his mobile and quietly tapped out a text to Mycroft. “You just came here to pick a fight after a night of drinking yourself stupid and only woke up a few hours ago, you haven’t even taken a shower and you’re still wearing the same clothes you wore on your date last night. Which, judging by this moment, means things didn’t turn out so well.” He tipped his head to the right a bit, “What made him dump you like last week’s garbage, my dear? Hmm? The fact that he caught you
“Police! Open up!” She called. One hand on her side-arm, one hand on her torch, she waited for Mrs Hudson or John to open the door.
since he’d flown, but like riding a bike, it was something you never really forgot how to do. And this particular model was one he had plenty of flight-time in. He and Sherlock were given flight-suits to wear over their clothes and micc’ed helmets after he got a quick tour of familiar controls.
him!” Gary set another three pints on the bar-top, guessing rightly that they might do well with a refill.
“The victim is transsexual, though I’m not certain which way they were transitioning to or from, and I know of plenty of folks who take that kind of thing as a crime of its own, even a sin. I don’t personally believe that. And I would never, ever kill someone because they identified one way or another or had certain genitalia or didn’t.”
“No kidding! Oh my god, Watson.” Lestrade set his empty glass down on the table and stared at it for a minute. “And, um, thank you.”
“Mm, that is a problem, isn’t it?” John chuckled and tilted his head a bit. “Well, I am at your service, Mr Holmes.”
“Greg.” Judith forced her eyes open, wishing she felt better. Sherlock and John looked at each other behind Greg’s back and John gave him a shove. The medic gave Greg a hand and helped him settle on the bench.
It would give him something to think about while she was still out. Pocketing her phone, Judith handed a bottle of water to a child pulling on her trousers, hands outstretched. Judith remembered very clearly that day, she just hadn’t thought of it in ages.
“We’re consultants.” He stroked Pongo’s head, paying attention to the soft ears, “Just like my Sandrine, you like having your ears stroked.” Turning his attention back to the housekeeper, he smiled, not missing the expression on her face.
“Doctor Watson, if we’re done here?” Sherlock was impatient, and probably five seconds from taking off on his own and leaving her behind to fend for herself.
“I don’t think I owe you a damn thing, but you owe my sergeant an apology.” He got to his feet, knowing better than to take this quite literally sitting down. “You came in here for something, so you’d best get it out before I have you escorted off the premises for willful harassment.”
“Absolutely.” Lestrade nodded and stepped close to Sherlock, carefully putting a hand on his arm, a neutral, supportive grip. “I heard about this morning. Are you okay, Sherlock?”
sleeping on that couch, Dio.” Sherlock said dismissively as he hung his coat on the back of the door, “Don’t even think of it.”
“You don't mind smoking, I hope?” Sherlock asked as he returned the carton, one cigarette tucked carefully behind his right ear.
“So sorry about the hour, Mrs Hudson, I was on a case,” Sherlock said, offering the woman who appeared from a doorway that must have led to the landlord’s flat a charming smile. “We didn’t wake you, did we?”
starter and Côte de veau with shimeji mushroom persillade and veal jus with a side of tenderstem broccoli with fresh chilli and crispy shallots.
“Thanks for coming down, Greg. I’m so sorry.” Judith hugged him tightly. “I’m so sorry.” He felt a slight tremor in her frame and knew this was very hard on her.
“You don’t know that.” Judith was all business, and Greg was desperately tempted to see what kind of a headache it would be to get her on the force. He inclined his head a fraction and let Sally pull Claudia back as John poked his head out and summoned a nearby uniformed constable to help manage his feisty, inebriated wife. Another text came in from Mycroft Holmes and he swiped in to read it.
I stare at my sandwich. Nearly whole, minus the one bite now. It's perfect, in a sense, because I ate for him. It's imperfect because I ate from it.
In a moment of inverted symbolism, I see the spark of Sherlock's own inner fire - as expressed in his unwavering protest - start to wane. A notching down into something so exhausted that even pretending to be okay probably seems daunting by this point.
''What are you talking about?,'' but my heart is pounding away like a jack hammer. ''I told Mycroft that...that-''
We get about half way through the film, when I notice he's most openly refusing to look at the screen.
He had been somewhat lucid - but only for a few moments - and then he had passed out, prompting me to cradle his head with my hand and hold his body into my coat, trying to keep his temperature up. He had been so cold. And covered in blood.
When we arrive at the segment of the hospital known as "the beach" (each area is decked out to resemble a terrain for various animals), John gives Lestrade a slight wave. Donovan assesses me coolly - probably still put out that I've been requested to talk to the boy when I violated basic rules of conduct so abominably.
The fact that he is pretending to be irritated with me (when I know he really isn't) is enough to calm me down and make everything feel more or less normal again. And resolved. I suddenly feel much better.
Instead, I pad on over to my closet and pull at my robe, securing it around my body. I’m already sheathed in flannel pajamas – a recent gift from John – and simple in its design. Fleece ones: navy blue with grey stripes – not the fussiness of a Mycroft granted acquisition. They were, according to John, “new pajamas for new times.” Better times, really, is what his eyes seemed to be saying. And they are warm, as far as pajamas go. Because lately, according to Yuri’s “homework assignments” – I have been trying to categorize and pay attention to physical sensations with greater diligence. One of my recent laments is that I feel too cold – always too cold – and so John’s gift was a way of helping to counterbalance the aching coldness that I feel almost perpetually.
I wave my hands in dismissal, ''That's lovely, Mrs. Hudson - but you really don't need to worry about having-''
Toby couldn't hear; he simply continued to make mewling little sounds of panic, his one good eye working about in his skull.
My throat feels lumpy and I rip the fettuccine into smaller and smaller pieces, until they are shreds of nothing. Resembling plastic, perhaps, but not pasta.
Sherlock blinks at me, his throat still swallowing. He has a wild look in his eyes that I don't like, so I push back against my chair, stand up, and go towards him.
And yet, I could never cast the horror of my childhood off onto John. I'd have to be monstrous to even have a fleeting wish for a trade.
''Mhmm,'' Sherlock hums, agreeing with my math. ''A couple weeks before Lestrade asked me on. I think Annabelle had been the last child, then.''
''Sick,'' and his throat moves again. I can tell that he's on edge. Anyone could tell that he's on edge.
The jab is cruel, and Yuri's small intake of breath tears from his lungs as if he's shocked. When he removes his glasses this time, he doesn't clean the lenses and put them back on. Instead, he folds them up and places them off to the corner on his desk, his face looking brittle and tired.
I tentatively get off the sofa, and crouch down against my friend. He still has the remote control for the television crushed in one hand, so I extract it gently, and slowly wind his hand back up against his side. His other hand is still fisted and clenched against his skull at an awkward angle. The material of the bag has snatched itself around his middle, cutting across a portion of his belly that is still healing from surgery, so I tenderly adjust the sleeping bag so that it's not pulled so tightly against his torso. I then let my fingertips brush against his forehead. He's still cool - but not as cold as he's felt to the touch lately.
Sherlock seems reluctant to answer, but he does: ''My transport is not composed in such a way as to give me regular ques or typical feedback encouraging excessive intake when I consume, or fail to consume, various foodstuffs.''
Because – fuck it – I am sick to death of thinking about, talking about, describing emotions. Or failing to describe them adequately as determined by others.
Yuri nods to Jake, then quickly adds. ''Can we make that a decaf please, Jake?'', while I fight an impulse to squirm in my seat.
I do this six more time, and eat approximately 1/3 of the sandwich before I look up at John and lick my lips. Try to form a sentence.
And so while John spoke over his concerns about me with Mrs. Hudson, I engaged in the most pointless action indicating - if anything - that his concerns were nothing if not valid. That was the irony: that he had given me a moment alone to compose myself, and I had spent said moment doing one of the few things he probably would feel he'd need to protect me from - and of course he had no idea what his departure was allowing me to do.
Warnings: for the typical subject matter. If you’ve read up to this point in the story, you realize what those warnings will be, but to be on the safe side: discussions of abuse, self-harm and trauma.
''I am here for, um, Sherlock Holmes,'' I say quickly, licking my lips. They are very dry. Gritty, almost.
''He thinks that Victor was coercive when he was with me. That it's impacting how I see my relationship with you – or, not just you, really. How I just see all relationships, no matter the person involved. Which isn't the truth at all, as I realize you are different to him; it's not as if I am so out of touch with reality as to confuse you two.''
''Okay,'' I sigh, ''then what is love to you? Tell me that much. What is this condition...that everyone except you can feel?''
Molly places the cuff around my right arm quickly and with dexterity. She squeezes the pump and the cuff inflates with air. Then, my skin prickles with tension and pressure.
After Sherlock's insistence that his hand was absolutely fine, and after I had scanned some more of the art book, he seemed to fall into a bit of a wordless anxiety. He padded around, balling up his strewn-around and undeniably-posh clothing and stuffed them into his closet, where he'd hidden a wicker hamper.
It's an odd, almost aggrieved sense of modesty for a man who used to walk about the flat in little more than a sheet.
''I think I am aware of the changes I underwent. And I think - after more than two decades - I have learned to accept them. I am taller, my voice is deeper. I can live with that,'' he says dryly, with a fake ease.
''I guess the answer is yes,'' Sherlock grins at me, ordering the paper bits into a little line along the edge of the table, before pulling up the menu.
His lean arms have come to twist around his waist and he brings his legs together until he's almost sitting cross legged in the chair.
This case, however, is personal. He takes Toby's welfare personally. And while none of us could imagine how we'd feel if that kid got hurt again, Sherlock would see it as a personal failing. I know he would.
But that primary alexithymia could become an enduring psychological trait, exacerbated by disconnection with others, repression of emotion, repression of self expression as it relates to emotionality.
Sherlock takes a sip of water from his glass. His hands are shaking anew. His eyes fall away from mine.
Wet flakes melted on his blue toque, wet his face, fell on his eyelashes. And I was entranced by his face, the cold steel of his irises clashing with the tentative warmth of his gaze when he looked at me. When he looked up at me hesitantly. Flustered.
''I'm done,'' I say emphatically, ignoring the twisting in my gut. The protest of the cells inside my belly that are screaming out at me that I've just done a really idiotic thing.
I don't normally drive home my professional title. Yet something about Rouse is rubbing me the wrong way.
"Why wouldn't you have?" Something that sounds almost like a cry, but spirited away under the typical Sherlock snort of irritation.
''I'm not angry,'' I say, my voice clipped. ''I'm confused. You say you didn't enjoy sex with this guy, but I'm assuming you had it more than once?''
''You said - you said it was low, even for me. Low even for me,'' he grits out, his fingers pressing against the rubberized material of the floor. ''I knew you thought I was at the far left end of the morality bell curve-''
Yuri sits back against his chair. I can hear his underlying accent now. Slight Parisian. Barely noticeable, but it comes out once in awhile when he pronounces certain words.
'Sherlock is in clinic. I don't want to give too many details unless things change. He's physically safe, and getting better, but he might not be around much the next while.'
''It's my life!,'' Sherlock screams, his voice sounding raw. ''It's nobody's right to interfere! Not yours and certainly not yours,'' and he turns to Dr. Riley with a snarl. ''You don't even know me, and you are certainly not my friend!''
Sherlock rested him hands, palm side down, gingerly, against Toby's torso. Keeping the child prone against the ground, as he was now trying to sit up, trying to sit up and move.
''What's prompted this?,'' Sarah tests cautiously. ''I mean, he knows he matters to you. You guys are like salt and pepper.''
After that, I am silent, and there is nothing to listen to save for the beeping of a jukebox in the corner, requesting change periodically, and the buzzing hiss of the red signs.
''I. do. not. have. to. urinate,'' he stresses, upset. ''I'm working at this properly! Nothing is the matter! I'm certainly not water-loading,'' he rushes, suddenly looking so dejected that I just want to take the bloody scales and smash them with a hammer so no reading is ever gleaned from them again.
I try not to treat him differently from normal but the fact that I'm so concerned with giving him his space probably indicates that I am.
''Oh I'm good. Because this right here? My favourite,'' I smile back, topping the baking with a solid coating of orange rind and tangy citrus.
Sherlock studies Yuri from the corner of his vision, dark hair splashing over his eyes, over his pale skin.
''Some of these problems - even feeling badly emotionally - are being caused by your refusal to eat enough, or drink enough fluids. Get enough sleep. Physically take care of yourself. They are not the only reason for why you feel so confused and scared. But they are related. You understand that, don't you?''
''Almost seven months ago?,'' he tests, carefully - as if unsure of the time frame. A lilting ask, as if I can help him arrive at the correct answer.
Recommend psych eval for risk assessment of parasuicidal ideation; suicidal ideation; mood disturbances. Recommend eating disorder assessment/ SCOFF questionnaire. Recommend complete physical examination and BMI analysis following primary surgery. Patient will need briefing on gastrectomy diet for post-surgery management of nausea and gastric disturbance.
I shelve my growing concern and do not comment when he shakes my hand off. With that dismissal, I amble over to the window and pull down the blinds until the room darkens. Then, I walk back towards my desk and turn on the table lamp.
''Let's go home,'' he mutters to me when I look up at him expectantly, some emotion tingeing his voice. Some emotion I can't quite discern. Not anxiety, really, and neither anger nor aggression either.
''It's not a backhanded compliment! I have always considered you exceptional. You are brilliant, and what you're going through doesn't change that, but-''
''Anyone with any brains at all could tell I was helping that little boy,'' he seethes, ''Dr. Barrett is a megalomaniacal brute! I don't put it past him to actually find it all so amusing.''
''Did he? Oh, well then I guess you're right,'' and I go to give her a hug, which she accepts sweetly, tapping the small of my back in solidarity. ''The fact that he eats your baking at all is high praise, coming from Sherlock.''
Not really. Not for a full grown man who runs around and expends the amount of energy that he undoubtedly expends every single day. Because even when he doesn't go outside, he paces the flat.
Sherlock traces the lines on the photo, and subconsciously seems to withdraw. Pulls at the cuffs of his sweater as if to cover up his own wrists.
''I can't imagine Sherlock at a boarding school, period. Wearing a uniform? But a Catholic school?''
''I trust you to make it not hurt,'' he says oddly, his voice high pitched. My words do not seem to be making much of a difference, at present; I have to wonder if he's hearing me at all.
It's strange: you live in a place for almost three years, but never fully grasp how loud the floors creak or how much noise the cars of the main road make...until you want, very intensely, for everything to be quiet.
''You make it beautiful in your mind, okay? You make it a palace, and you are a prince. In your head. And nothing comes in or goes out unless you want it to.''
Listening attentively I now realize I can hear the faint scratchings of poorly played notes and deem it safe enough to continue.
''Well...it would depend on what both people were expecting going into the relationship, Sherlock,'' I respond awkwardly. ''That doesn't mean I don't care about them, though. Or that I don't like them. Just that - it's rare for me to be in love. But with the other people, like Sarah - it was a mutual understanding that we were testing out a potential relationship. It wasn't a declaration of love when we started. Sarah knew that. They all knew that, Sherlock.''
And more than that - he's angry, because he feels like he's failed Toby. Even though the truth of the matter is that Toby would be dead right now if it weren't for Sherlock.
'I'm going to get a flat soon - the day I turn 18. I'm taking you then, okay? Just hold on a little longer, Sher. You'll be with me, and he'll never touch you again.'
“John had me read something. It wasn’t something that hasn’t been suggested in one way or another before, but this time it took root.”
One thing I can definitely give Sherlock credit for is stringing together a sentence that hints at a dark truth without actually admitting to anything directly. He reminds me of a fisherman throwing out a line, angling in a fish, but sensing that the water that could grant him his sustenance is turbulent then pulls back in fear.
''I know it's not logical, John. I mean, I really do understand that much. At the same time, when I do certain things - things you say scare you - I feel like I've lanced something. Something full of toxins, something full of garbage. And I can't really explain it much better than that, because if I could - if I had this figured out, then I wouldn't have gotten this bad again. But it's necessary when I feel like this - because it...it's like lancing out the pus.''
Sherlock goes to nod, as if automated, then stops and seems to clench up. Finally he raises his shoulders, as if shrugging.
''Not especially,'' I mutter. ''Doctors are there for if I break a bone and need it set, or if I catch strep. No other reason. I can take care of all other aspects of my health myself.''
Probably because he is excessively concerned about me. Of course, he'd drop the ''excessive'' and argue that it's a completely understandable level concern. He'd probably say something like, ''nothing excessive about it!''
'Hi Sherlock,' it begins, 'I have the day off, and since I'm all caught up on my boring 'adulting' tasks, I was wondering if you wanted to catch up. Haven't heard from you in a few weeks, and I've put aside a gallbladder and pancreas for you two days ago at Bart's (it's in cold storage; don't bug Rudy for it. Just ask me, okay?). Not sure if you are in the experimentation mindset these days, but if you're not - fancy a coffee or tea or a baked pretzel (whatever!) and a meet up at the park? Near Centennial? Meet near the carousel? Hope to hear from you soon. Hugs, Molls. x~'
''How did you know what was happening?,'' I whisper in the dark, wanting to know exactly how much of an idiot I've made of myself.
Pascal jots yet something else down on his sheets. I blink down quickly at the forms to see if I can make out what he's writing.
This body is mine, and as such - so are the accompanying emotions. They are generated by the body at some level; they do not exist independently of the brain and its chemicals - and so they are something I should be able to control. There is simply no need for weepiness, for such a maudlin display of vulnerability.
''He called the ambulance for himself, John. I do not believe that it was his wish to actually die. The actual moment of overdose was probably linked, in part, to extreme duress. Beyond that, he's classically impulsive when upset. But it wasn't premeditated.''
Yuri seems to be considering something, then queries, ''Can you describe what you feel in greater detail? The way that the feelings are being presented to you?''
I finally decide to grab my laptop and put it on the kitchen counter. From there, I pull up a website about an 'anti-dumping' diet for individuals healing from gastrectomies and come across some information.
''I think maybe you're more than a little bit sick, Sherlock,'' Molly says cautiously, as if defusing a bomb. Just little words, one by one, but they add up to something awful when you really think about the meaning. ''I think you know that, too.''
''Idoanknow,'' I cough into my pillow. My lungs are stinging now. Prickly heat, as if I've breathed in a noxious chemical. Something caustic. Something deadly.
At Sherlock's insistence, I call Sarah back. She's been sending me texts all morning, even though it's my (quote and quote) 'day off.'
''Five weeks,'' I reply quickly, remembering the date. ''You gave me part of a diseased thymus. Very helpful, actually. Thank you for that.''
“Why do you believe that you can now feel anger? Has something happened recently to make you feel angry?”
Patrick brought his frail torso next to my somewhat stolid one and captured me in as strong a hug as he was able given his weakened condition. Our close proximity caused my glasses to fog up with steam until the details of his face blurred in front of me, and when he spoke again he merely said, over and over again, “I’m sorry, Yuri. I’m sorry. Please don’t cry.”
Some pertinent advice is provided, however, such as the benefit of providing very small meals throughout the day.
''I've gained! How come I'm still somehow screwing up in your estimation? I'm doing everything you're asking!''
Yuri gives me a slight grin, which I hadn't been expecting. Then the grin slowly fades away, indicating that it was more or less an automatic response and not something he had intended to reveal.
''Every book ever written about psychotherapy in the last 20 years, Molly? I mean, Yuri is great. But he doesn't consider me a friend. This isn't an extension of ''Ordinary People.'' I'm his patient. That's it. He's paid to help me.''
''Sherlock,'' I test softly, ''I don't want to have you like that. I'm not going to hurt you. Please...stop it. Stop this.''
''Oh, sure you do! It really looks like you care! You know another little boy has been taken, right? You know what awaits him, and you are what? Bored? And you wonder why people call you a psychopath!''
Then my wrist is pressed, and I feel the firmness of her fingers. She is counting, softly. But I almost don't mind. It feels...okay. It almost feels grounding.
Then Sherlock took to the floor, and in roles reversed - I stayed nestled on the sofa (which is better suited to my proportions); as I did so, I helped myself to a bag of roasted almonds - periodically offering the bag to Sherlock.
''What makes it right, John? I mean, everyone always says it's good, or it's...beautiful, and to me-,'' and now I can see his breathing has accelerated, and he looks close to tears. ''I can't see that at all! It's ugly and it's bestial and its mindless. It's not good! Not to me! It's disgusting!''
''I think,'' I cough out, ''I will be more comfortable in my own clothes. But I appreciate the sentiment.''
Sherlock looks down at his hands, face awash in the infusion of redness that comes from being mortified.
''I think I need to talk to someone who deals with these sorts of issues, professionally, Sherlock. I think that you're brilliant, and you're going to do what you want to do, ultimately - but if you aren't going to take this seriously - what this means, for us - then I will! And maybe then I will at least feel as if I did everything I could to help you, regardless of what may or may not happen.''
I let my hand trail up to his throat, and I press lightly along the back to where his throat dips around near his ears, and then I move forward until my fingertips are stroking and feeling for swelling around his Adam's apple. I finally reach for his hand and take his pulse before he can stop me.
''Can we try to have that conversation now?,'' I test, not knowing if I should still be playing for time, or facing this head on. ''Or some truncated version of a conversation at least? Because I really think we should.''
''I think it's possible that you could kiss someone out of affection, and not attraction,'' I say carefully. ''We've discussed that before, actually. And I want to make sure - really, really sure - that if we are even considering going down this road, it's something that we are both ready for and something we both have similar ideas about.''
Then I tell myself that the photo needs a proper frame. Sherlock likely doesn't have many photographs from his childhood and I don't want this particular one getting any more worn.
Unless I'm being quick to laud my abilities, and not cautious enough to hold onto modesty. Onto the possibility that I may not know everything there is to know about John Hamish Watson.
'It's okay, buddy. It's okay to be scared about getting big. But what sort of daddy would I be if I didn't help you to grow up?'
''You haven't checked your phone. Not once since we've been back. I can tell you want to do so. But you haven't.''
Sherlock has never seemed one to ease into an embrace, even if it's a simple, platonic hug. As to my own feelings, I can't help but think that it's actually been somewhat present - but hushed - for awhile now. (Likely, it's what Mycroft picked up on weeks ago, even though I had no awareness of my feelings at a conscious level).
''That wasn't my concern,'' I say kindly, really restraining myself from adding 'love' to the end of the sentence.
''Yes, that's intimacy to me; it's you - trusting me enough that you'd confide in me about something that scares you. And most adults, myself included, want to pretend that nothing scares them. We act like...to not be afraid of anything is a display of courage, of maturity. But to talk to me - to really talk to me - about something hard like this? That shows more courage than what has come readily to me my entire life. This stuff is hard to hear, so I can't imagine how hard it is to actually express those fears in words. But I need to know that you'll be honest with me about any reservations you have. Or else, Sherlock - look at it this way: I'm not going to know if anything I am doing is making these issues worse for you. Our entire interaction will be filled with me doubting whether I can touch you in any way - be it to hold you, do anything, say anything - because deep down I'm scared to death I'm triggering you.''
And after a few minutes, my hands felt less given to shaking and I felt something solidify in my brain. As if someone had filled me up with blood or oxygen.
The defensiveness has not abated. If anything, it has increased. I push my fingertips against my eyes, trying to relieve the pressure forming in my skull.
His body is swaying and his forehead is dotted with sweat, and I'm assailed with deja vu. To a night very much like this one - four weeks ago.
"Thank you, John," Mycroft says, looking away from me, and clearing his throat. "And it was a distressing session, made worse by the fact that the psychiatrist had an almost aggressive manner with Sherlock, and refused to back down on certain points. By the time the session had ended, he looked...dead inside. There was this horrible look of repulsion cast across his face. His mouth was twisted up and he was trembling. If anything - he seemed even worse than he had before he'd seen the doctor. I felt extremely guilty. I still do."
Sherlock nodded, his back to me, while I located my Dockers. When I was ready to leave, I muttered a ''See you around, then,'' and called Bisquick to my side. Sherlock kept a wide distance between me and the dog, and I felt somewhat confused by the interaction, but on the whole - intrigued.
I edge forwards - just a few inches, and see Sherlock lean away from me, overwhelmed. Almost as if he's afraid of me.
''Do you want to destroy something?,'' my words rush and tangle. ''Break something? A physical object? Would that help, maybe?''
I mush the pasta against the bowl now. Tiny bits of plastic turning to squished remnants of nothing edible.
''We're discussing the case?,'' I ask by way of greeting, depositing the bag I had packed for Sherlock on the floor.
''I might never understand how this feels for you. How could I, really?,'' and I pause, collecting my thoughts. ''And we don't have to talk about this, even if I think you should. Because you're right, Sherlock. It's your decision. I just think it would help.''
''I have never - remotely - liked to eat eggs. Not even when I was a child, and Mycroft would try to baby me into eating them. Cut my toast into long strips-,'' and he makes a poking, spearing motion with his hand. ''For the eggs. To put into the yolks.''
But so much more importantly, he knows what it's like to go through this ache with someone he loves, and to reach the other side. A place - a terminus - where things are so much better.
I placed it on the kitchenette table, where he had been working on some sort of unfathomable project as if to distract himself from the presence of my ire.
''Don't, Greg. He'd -,'' I stop abruptly. ''Whatever you are thinking right now - you have to stop thinking about. If Sherlock has something he needs to talk about and-,'' I stop here entirely, letting the obvious sentiment of my words hang in the air, voiced without sound.
I let a word flitter through my mind. Toyed with the word, and held it up in the light against the trees.
And part of me is screaming internally - SHUT UP, shut up right now! - because this is not how I wanted to approach this subject. Because I wanted to wait a bit, until Sherlock brought it up himself, maybe - and not throw it in his face like he's done something wicked.
Sadly, I suspect the latter. At least, for his early childhood. After his care was absorbed by Mycroft, everything might have been different. At the same time, by the sound of it, Sherlock's health went downhill around that period, too, and I doubt Mycroft - still in his teens, I must remind myself - could have managed much more than barely to hold on and try to survive himself.
''Okay. Good. Then we are in agreement. We just need to get this ulcer treated, then you'll be back to your old self, and everything will be fine.''
And then he's turned away from me - his face pushed into the corner of my sofa until all I can see is the naked form of his backside, his spine.
Not only that, but now his eyes are flickering about, unable to focus on anything for very long. I can only imagine the thoughts rampaging through his mind. The haunting lies from cruel adults, telling him I ''don't really care'' perhaps, or that I'm going too give up on him, too, perhaps - and then, without his debilitating ritual - which may, in some odd way kept him going - does he worry where he'll be? Stripped of his ritual, and everything else?
I feel odd even holding it in my hands, because Sherlock and I don't have that kind of relationship and we never will. And yet the chapter headings and the information contained within is quite accurately describing a lot of what I am feeling, romance aside. Because, truthfully, I am feeling frustration. Helplessness. A wordless type of horror. Fear to further discuss the issue. Feel of alienating the sufferer.
The mug doesn't feel quite as hot any longer against my bare flesh, and I don't like that. I want it to burn.
He looks almost deranged in his confusion; I tentatively touch his shoulder, and hear a noise not unlike air leaking from a balloon.
If someone is critically underweight, yes, that alone is pause for concern. And at that point, even modest losses in weight become undeniable. The slightest loss of weight becomes a staggering sign in short order when someone is already very, very underweight.
''I'm going to just go and get the rolls and the salad,'' she says with understanding, wanting to give us a moment.
Sherlock gets up abruptly, and with strange awareness I realize he's shaking. I suddenly see him so brightly, and in such awful clarity: his eyes are full and glistening, his cheeks mapped by wetness. Before I can do anything - before I can respond - reach out, touch him, try to make this right (make this right, John!) - he shuffles from the room.
Mycroft, in turn, moves closer and looks so intensely at his brother that I almost feel that I should leave the room.
Sherlock is re-affixing his scarf when Molly wades back into the room with a jug of cream for tea complete with a plate of chocolate orange Hobnob biscuits.
He licks his lips again. Lets his hands gloss over his abdomen, before they come up to touch the ridges of his prominent hipbones.
''I'm not going to a clinic!,'' my flatmate rasps, eyes scanning the wool carpet at his feet. ''I just want-''
I suddenly feel a true stab of fear. Not just for what he's saying, which strikes me as disordered, but for his concerns that somehow he'd be doing something monstrous if he had a so-called 'adult' relationship.
I pull away, sick to my core, and Sherlock's eyes open, hugely. They are wet, and red. His face is mottled with blush and a spooked sort of fright.
''Stop, Sherlock. Please stop,'' Yuri pants - out of breath - now pacing closer and closer to where I've crouched down.
I turn off the shower for a few moments, shivering in the relative coolness of the space, then cup my hands to receive a fair bit of Barbasol foam. Most men do this chore in front of the sink, so that they can see the outline of their face and avoid nicking themselves. Luckily, my proprioceptive abilities are highly attuned, so I rarely cut myself. The shower also adds an added bonus: the ability to completely rinse off and wash away all foam and residue.
Sherlock's hands have now come to clamp over my own, although he's simply holding me against him. Not doing anything similar to his earlier movements, his spasmodic jerks against me. I can feel his heart vibrate, even against my chest. I can feel the speed of the organ, racing in fear, pounding with it.
Sherlock presses both of his palms against his legs. He looks up, seems to freeze, and then repeats the motion.
''Well - even so,'' he rambles nervously, ''I think it's a little late to discuss staving off puberty now. But I still find it hard to eat. So Mycroft obviously doesn't know what he's talking about and likely never did.''
''I can just deduce, and induce for that matter, the bulk of what I'd likely need to know about you.''
''I know, John. Which is why I am talking about this with you. Because I have two basic options here, and neither looks very appealing to me. The safer alternative, at least where his life is concerned, is to proceed with the sectioning. If I go that route, Sherlock will be assessed and committed long-term to a treatment facility within the next three days. Of course, let's be clear, here: he wouldn't be able to avoid sectioning if I decide this is the better course.''
My own confused feelings aside, I know I am in love with his voice. It's one of those profoundly calming voices. Not too many people can make me feel like everything is going to be okay like John can.
I stare at the lane. The colours, the words, the flouncy writing, the numbers, the prices everywhere, the size discrepancies of the cans.
As the car pulls away from the house Mycroft slowly shrinks into the evening blackness until he becomes nothing more than a two dimensional speck against the brick and ivy.
''Can I sit down next to you?,'' I attempt, not edging forward until I see Sherlock's body relax first.
And now that I can see that all too soft look of gentleness in John's eyes, it upsets me. It's almost a Pavlovian response at this point. Even though I know John is - by his very nature - kind and gentle whenever he can afford to be.
Speaking of John - how is it that John Watson - Doctor John Watson - has let my brother do this to himself?
''Of course,'' I say, with shut eyes and a breath held in my lungs far longer than should be held. ''It's just...him. Sherlock being Sherlock. I can deal with him. He might be sick, but he's still my best friend.''
In fact, as it stands I am now mentally re-bolstering my mind palace, and keeping certain emotions contained within in a lock-down mode. Because I have been lax. Terribly sloppy.
He is not listening, however. His eyes are weighted and he's pushed back against the bed frame, as if wishing to be anywhere but here.
Sherlock blinks at that. As if the idea that I may have slept next to another man in a non-sexual way is completely foreign to him.
''Look - I'm admitting it, John. I saw a different side to him today, and I know it doesn't change the past - but I honestly think he can help this kid. We keep him on.''
“Okay,” I reply evenly. “Do you want me to let you rest your eyes for a little while? I can work on some reports if you want to take a break and just rest?”
''He was quiet. He looked off. Strange. Paler than normal, and we all know that he's about pale as a ghost normally. I thought it best to leave him alone.''
He turns to me then. ''You mean - you don't know why? Mycroft didn't tell you? You two didn't have a nice little chat?''
Because how do I accept that he knows? That he knows what he does, and look at him with anything approaching confidence?
When I return a few minutes later, I am wearing burgundy sweat pants and an athletics department sweatshirt.
"I don't know anything," I admit quickly, trying to calm him down. "I don't know anything about what it's like to be hurt that way, and to feel like how you must have felt. How you feel."
''The morphine, even with treatment, is causing intense abdominal pain. They have dealt with the overdose as well as they are able: activated charcoal, a laxative, and Naloxone - but beyond what they have already done, they just need to wait this out. He has an IV in, too - a glucose mixture with saline. They want to ensure he stays hydrated, obviously - be he's in severe physical pain. I don't think he wants anyone around him right now, truth be told.''
''We are going to have to get him back in here to talk with me soon, John. We have to convince him to let one of us take his vitals - especially weight, but also blood work. We need a baseline. And I think that monitoring his potassium from now on would be a good idea.''
''It had already started,'' he whispers, shocked. Looks up at me - as if imploring me to make sense of that which is so wrong that no sense can ever be gleaned.
''Let's just take a bite then, okay? Just for starters?,'' he asks, and his voice wobbles and sounds far off. Then he picks up his own sandwich and does exactly that. He takes a bite. A big bite. Chews. Swallows. Turns to me, and speaks: ''The beginning of something new is always the hardest step. It gets easier after you start. Sometimes, half the battle is just in starting.''
''I do care,'' he had whispered. ''I just know that caring is not an advantage. One day, you'll understand that I'm right.''
''Your friend has been sick for a long time, John. There is no way he felt okay for the last while. Not for a long time, now. Not with necrosis setting in. That alone could have killed him. In some ways, the perforation was the sign that we needed to address his problems. I don't mean to sound harsh, but if he continued on as he had been, the necrosis itself could have taken him.''
''She wasn't sexually assaulted by the perpetrator of her murder, however. Don't muddle issues. This abductor isn't hurting them like that.''
''John sounds unhappy about something,'' Lestrade interjects. ''Are you guys honestly shopping together?''
I stare at him in the relative dark, with only the moonlight streaming through the blinds to light the space.
“I have decided that I definitely do NOT want to consume the decaf garbage which I’ve been limited to having in lieu of the real stuff. That is how I am feeling.”
''Ok, John. But I want you to call me or text - something - once you are there. Let me know everyone is okay. That you're okay, that Sherlock is okay. Or anyone else involved.''
After a few minutes the shaking starts to reduce and his gasping gulps of air diminishes. I unfurl my hands and slowly scootch over to where he's sitting, lowering myself down on to my haunches so that I can look him in the eyes.
Yet what I need is something that is fixed and firm and grounding. A solidity I can grasp, a certitude I can read in science manuals, in case reports.
Sighing, I pull my pajamas off and look for a pair of trousers that will - ideally - fit without a belt. Very quickly I realize that none of my trousers are fitted enough to stay up, so I locate a brown leather belt and cord it through a pair of corduroys. I then pull on a long sleeved shirt, and top it with a roan jumper. My coat is in the hallway, as is my wallet and keys.
''My name is Sherlock Holmes. I am a detective Toby,'' he whispered quickly, anxious to do this right. Calm the little boy down, as the child continued to gasp out his pain.
I try to think back to anything that gives me something to grasp on to - a starting point, a word, something that anchors Sherlock's declining health in chronological time. I can distantly recall Sherlock telling me he weighed ''141, John. My weight is resoundingly stable'' about two years ago. I forget how the conversation came up, but I recall the number. Because I remember thinking at the time that it was a low number, 8 lbs under my own weight back then - despite the fact that I was nearly six inches shorter and therefore, logically, should have weighed even less.
''Did your father hit you?,'' I make my inquiry with a voice that aims for neutrality. Even though I even know the answer.
Maybe I should get a shower instead of taking a nap - although I'm fairly certain my razor will be confiscated along with the scissors, the pencils, the pens, my lab equipment, glass cups, forks, knives and everything else that John thinks would be a threat to me. Which honestly, is probably more of my belongings than not.
One of the patrolmen had dropped their thermos upon taking in the scene, for Harrison's eyes had been so badly mutilated from the attack as to blur the orbital area into a red frothy pulp against white skin.
We're actually meeting at his house, not his office. I know he works near enough to Piccadilly in a shared complex with other psychiatrists. In an expensive district. that is. In fact, Sherlock himself even mentioned that office space around Piccadilly now beats out Tokyo's Shibuya complex for rental pricing.
Sherlock's face is tight. The muscles in his arms stand out like cords. Corded, twine musculature. No fat.
“Yahoo. More homework,” I reply with what is obviously mock irritation, before passing them over to John to survey.
''I wasn't rejecting you. I believe you. If you say you are in love with me,'' his voice sounds strident, needful.
''No! I know my rights, and I've answered the only two questions that truly need to be fulfilled: 'am I planning to kill myself?', and 'am I planning to hurt anyone else?' - and the answer to both is a no. A resoundingly loud no.''
The woman backs away, running through the hallway - away from me, away from the door, and away from the knocking of Lestrade. With clumsy movements, I open the lock, shuffling the child to my stronger arm, while Toby lets out an alarmed shriek.
''So we're friends again, yeah?,'' I laugh out, much more upset with what has occurred than even I would have ever guessed.
''If he thinks I'm really one of those, how could he really love me? In any way? I-I don't understand, and I can't ask him in case he thinks-,'' his whisper dies off into nothing.
"Because you don't seem to get anxious too often. You do and say things that would cause almost anyone else anxiety, except you."
No one has ever said words like those to me before. Not even Victor. Victor said he cared for me. He cared for me, and he knew something was wrong, and 'please Sherlock, just tell me. We can work it out, but I need you to be honest with me. If we can't talk about what's bothering us, what hope do we have for us?'
