. “I was trying to get a closer look and lost my balance and fell.”
Cas shook his head. “Let’s just go get your brother,” he said and grabbed Dean by the arm and dragged him down the hall.
“What are you guys thinking?” Jo asked.
“I’m not making fun!” Charlie swore. “I’m just really excited. This is the cutest and most perfect fracking idea I’ve ever heard.” She stood up suddenly and threw her hands in the air like she just won a marathon. “Let’s do it!”
can be like, but you can’t put my protection over what I’m asking you to do. Or not to do.”
“Amazing,” Dean repeated with a dazed smile. He looked over to Cas and they gazed into each other’s eyes with soft smiles
“Alright, alright,” Dean said. “I know I can be overprotective, I just don’t like seeing you hurt.”
“Come on, Cas. Talk to me,” Dean said to the closed door of the bathroom. There was no reply from the other side. “Babe, come on. I said I was sorry.”
Cas sighed. “I thought you were done hunting.”
“Hey!” Dean protested. “I’d known you for a day!”
Cas grinned then. “Her case for Uhura was solid.”
“Yeah, well the quicker the better. Got to make sure this guy ain’t trying to pull one over on your rusty ass.”
“Seriously?” Sam asked. “You guys are immortal?”
“Please, Goonies is a classic. You know you love it.” Charlie threw some chips at her, too.
Both Cas and Dean blushed a deep crimson at that.
“Take your time,” Charlie told her, maneuvering around her to get back to the living room. “There’s sodas in the fridge and chips on the table. We’re Mortal Kombat-ing it up whenever you’re ready.”
Cas smiled. “You made me bee-shaped chocolate.”
“So you’re not even trying to deny it, then?” Bobby said. “Cas really is something?”
“Oh my god, you are such an asshole,” Dean told him with a roll of his eyes, turning to follow Cas. He leaned in the doorway and watched as Cas stripped off his jeans and underwear, replacing them with fresh ones from their duffel.
Cas sighed and looked up at Dean. “The pain of ending it.”
Gingerly, he pushed himself up and eased his legs over the side of the couch. He kept his left leg as straight as he could. The doctor had warned him that it was a bad sprain and the slightest bit of strain could cause some serious damage.
“I know,” Dean replied, loosening his tie a little bit more. “We shouldn’t have gotten here so early. Benny probably thinks we’re complete dorks.”
Castiel cracked one eye open to see his oldest brother, Gabriel, grinning down at him. “Not too bad, considering.” Considering his head felt like it had been stuffed with firecrackers and they’d all gone off at once.
Dean squeezed his eyes shut to try and trap the tears, but they streamed down his face anyway. They wouldn’t stop. Dean just wanted them to stop. He wanted everything to just stop. He wished he’d never been caught by that stupid djinn. He wished he’d never left that stupid dream.
. That’s a pretty big deal in most baked goods.”
“You just don’t want to take the bet because you know I’m right.”
“Just drop it, Sam. He didn’t mean anything by it.” Dean had Cas’ hand in a viselike grip as he waited for Sam’s response. He couldn’t get into this right now. Not with their dad actually downstairs. He was having a hard enough time remaining calm as it was. And he was using the term calm very loosely. But if he had to think about it. If he had to think about all those times.
"Hm," Gabe said, "we just walked through the door and the phone went off. I'm sure I'll find about a hundred missed calls on the answering machine, too. I mean, the gall of me, to expect you and Cas to be apart for twenty four hours! They should lock me up in shackles and throw me to the wolves! Oof—"
cute,” he insisted.
“Fuck, this is weird,” Dean muttered as he cracked the journal open to the first page. He looked down and read in his own writing:
They were greeted with flashing red and blue lights and blaring sirens when they finally made it out of the woods. All of their parents were there, too, rushing out of cars with the ignition still on to meet their missing children.
Sam raised his eyebrows. “Does this mean you don’t want to go shopping anymore?”
“Dude, you are one fugly son of a bitch,” Dean told the thing as he avoided another one of its attacks. He had his machete in his hand and his gun tucked into the back of his pants, but he was finding it difficult to do more than dodge attacks. Dean needed to get back on the ground. Cas’ adversary definitely had the advantage in the air, but on the ground Dean knew he had it in the bag. He practically grew up hunting down monsters in the forest.
“Alright, so spill,” Charlie said once they sat down in their seats. “Why’d you freak earlier? And why did Jo tell me you’ve been dating for a week?”
“No,” Jo said, shaking her head. “This is stupid guys, come on. Just because there’s a stupid legend about a stupid monster doesn’t make it real—“
After Sam’s laughter subsided and Cas kissed the scowl off of Dean’s face, the three of them had to face the fact that John was now an issue.
Jess turned to him then with a slight frown. “You were definitely a jackass last night.”
Cas nodded, but swayed when Dean let go of him. Charlie rushed forward to take Dean’s place.
Cas’ eyes narrowed even further. It was a full ten more seconds before he even noticed Professor Singer sitting behind his desk.
Dean couldn’t decide if that was cheesy and touching or just plain cheesy, so he settled on blushing and grinning. “Okay, but then you gotta wear that dark blue one you have. Because, it, uh, makes your eyes look pretty good, too. Not that they don’t look awesome all the time, but you know what I mean.”
Dean’s eyes widened and he looked the inch or two down at Cas’ strained features. Well, he can’t say this is how he pictured his Thursday night going, but what the hell.
“I could always just—“
Dean nodded. “I didn’t mean for you to feel it,” he said. “I just took a teeny bit off the Bond, like a cheek swab - wait - that sounds gross - it’s not - “
Dean saw Cas standing in front of their shared first period class. He hitched his backpack up higher on his shoulders and let out a sigh.
“I’m not going to make a promise I’m not sure I can keep,” Cas told him, turning fully to face him. “If he tries to hurt you again I will not stand idly by.”
Every eye swiveled over to Dean at the ruckus, including the new couple.
Dean bit his lip to try and keep his expression in check. “Cas may have said he’d rather go with me to the dance.”
He spun around to see Dean jogging up to him, waving his precious biology book in the air. Cas felt his face turn crimson and waited for the ground to swallow him whole.
“Found this in the glove compartment,” she informed him. “I saw the fire shoot out of the roof and figured shit was going down so I better come help.”
Charlie clutched a dramatic hand over her heart. “Ignoring my personal heartbreak, for the moment,” she said. “Do you like Dean?”
“Cas—“
“I’ll help him out,” she assured them both. “Go help Sam.”
“Not much,” she said, clicking over to the schedule. “Ash is coming in later to do the paint job on the Firebird, and the Mustang isn’t coming in until tomorrow now.”
“Are you sure?” Cas asked. “It is extremely last minute.”
“No, we should go to Benny’s,” Dean said. “I mean, it was an excuse, but now I’m craving that damn gumbo he makes.”
“Actually,” Charlie said, coming around to help unload the trunk. “It probably does. Sun damage never goes away. At least, that’s what I saw on that commercial where they look at you under that fancy camera.”
“Does this make us official now?” Cas asked, pulling the jacket more tightly around himself. It felt like being enveloped in a warm hug in winter.
“Why did I just get a call from Sam?” He could hear Bobby’s frown over the line.
Cas began walking away to the soundtrack of Dean’s embarrassed spluttering.
“Maybe we can gross them out so much they leave,” Cas stage whispered to Dean.
“Jeez, took you long enough,” Dean said as soon as Sam walked in front of the car. “Where’s your bag? I said we were going.”
“Should I go check on him?” Dean asked, still not quite meeting her eye. He knew he wasn’t the best kid, but he hated it when his mom was mad at him. Ever since his dad left them (a thought that still made Dean’s blood boil), he had tried to stay as trouble free as possible so his mom could stop looking so sad and dejected. Of course, she tried to hide those moments as best as she could, but Dean still saw her red rimmed eyes morning after morning, the bags under her eyes getting more pronounced. He didn’t want to be the cause of any more stress for her.
“So you never get tired of living the same day?” Dean asked Cas. The two of them were sitting on the couch watching a Doctor Sexy marathon at Dean’s insistence that Cas needed to watch the show that first made him question his own sexuality. Cas didn’t have the heart to tell him that he’d seen all of these episodes before. It was the twenty-sixth time Dean had fallen in love with him, after all. “I mean, Bill Murray started going crazy in Groundhog’s Day.”
“You’re expecting to get a quiet fishing trip?” Dean asked him, electing to just ignore the last part of his statement. “You do realize Gabe is the one taking you, right?”
“What?” Dean said. “Why the hell would Sam call dad?”
Dean felt a little too queasy to eat his own.
“What?” Dean asked, a little too quickly and high pitched for it to be anything other than suspicious. “Why?”
But that was all beside the point. To repeat: Dean was kicking ass. Cas (he was assuming it had to be him anyway) had given him weird turquoise green fins on his arms and legs in addition to the gills and super awesome wings. And those things let him glide through the water with a precision equal to his movements on land. With his machete in hand he sliced through everything Cas’ adversary threw at him. Literally.
“Oh,” Dean said. “Well… is it?”
so that you can stare at those cute drawings all day long like me, lol.
had Dean dozing lightly on Cas’ shoulder.
Bobby shook his head. “He called me when he was already turning onto the street. He’d see the impala if you even made it out of the house before he got here.”
“Positive,” Cas replied. “Although, I supposed I’ve always lived in the periphery of the hunting world. But I never went on a hunt until I went on one with Dean.”
people, but like… like people.” Dean squeezed his eyes shut, aware that he wasn’t making much sense at all. He quickly shook his head and said, “Never mind. It’s stupid—just—never mind.”
Cas tilted his head on its side. “Yes. We’ve established this.”
“No,” Cas told him calmly. Then he turned his piercing gaze on Sam. “But I suspect that Bobby and I are alike in many aspects, and I would like nothing more than to end John Winchester’s miserable existence.”
Cas sighed. “I know that I am reading too much into the situation,” he said slowly, picking each word carefully. “And I know that I am most likely hoping for too much… I suppose I am just confused.” He squinted his eyes and turned them on Dean. “You are extremely difficult to decipher.”
Cas grinned and brought his hands around Dean’s waist. He hummed. “I’m not sure I want to make a bad impression on Bobby.”
“It’s Novak now. I’m, uh, not a Winchester anymore,” Dean told him.
Castiel didn’t return until sunset and Dean’s first round of pacing.
“Okay, first of all, I don’t think it’s drowning that you’re doing in a volcano—”
Dean led them back out to the living room.
Fire finally out, Dean sauntered back over to Cas. “Yeah, yeah, I get it. It was hilarious. Please stop laughing.”
Castiel looked at him deadpan. “It’s going terribly.”
.” She said it as if she couldn’t even believe those words were coming out of her mouth.
“So,” Jess said beside him, apparently unable to stand the silent staring contest any longer. “You’re Dean’s husband?”
“May I buy you a drink?” he finally asked, his voice even lower than its usual timber from his nerves.
Castiel’s stomach plummeted. What if his adversary already had Dean? What if that was why the two of them were nowhere to be found?
“I’m not saying they can’t be connected,” Jo said. “But a monster? It’s just—it’s just some creep or something. Or maybe they did just run away! Just like the high schoolers.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “I guess we should get him out of here before the roof collapses.”
“I am so, so sorry,” he said, holding the flowers out. “I was a major jackass and you are the kindest, sweetest, best girlfriend in the entire world and you definitely deserve better than some poor schmuck like me.”
Cas grinned. “That sounds enjoyable—“
The four of them screamed as the monster came at them, running backwards and tripping over themselves to try and get away.
"You feel fine, you're just being a butthead."
Dean groaned and lifted his head to shoot Cas a glare. “Must you always be the voice of reason? Can’t you just let me live in blissful ignorance for a little longer.”
life before you. I’m sure I’ll survive an encounter with your little brother.”
Then Dean cleared his throat again and shook himself out of whatever stupor they’d both fallen into. “Come on.” His voice still had the husky, disused quality to it.
“Actually,” Sam said. “I’ve come to call a truce.”
“What the hell is wrong with you?” John asked him. “I haven’t even started the damn ritual yet and you’re already freaking out. That thing must have its claws deeper in you than I thought.”
Dean snorted out a laugh. “My answer isn’t going to change, Cas.”
“I—uh—I mean—that’s just—“ Dean stammered, his face getting more and more red with each halted expression.
Sam sighed in defeat as he made his slow way towards the garage.
So they packed everything up and were on the road within twenty minutes.
Sam shrugged. “What were you saying?”
“Maybe you should have thought of that before freaking your brother out in the first place.”
“Dean,” Cas said softly. “Can you breathe with me?”
the dork?”
Cas finally gave in and turned to kiss his boyfriend. Dean reciprocated immediately and pretty soon they were out of breath.
Cas started keeping his wings out at home as long as no one was over. Dean had forgotten how much he missed being wrapped in them on cold nights. They were leathery, but soft to the touch and Dean was finding it more and more difficult to get out of bed to go to work in the mornings. Especially when Cas didn’t want to let him.
Cas looked over just in time to see Dean give him a flirtatious double brow raise. Naturally, Cas scoffed in response, though he had to fight a grin, glad that they were back on speaking terms, even if the terms were still incredibly confusing.
Jo opened her mouth to argue, but Charlie cut her off. “Why? What have you heard about it?”
“I hope you’re proposing a trade, then. Because I am one hundred percent on board with that.”
“Since yesterday.”
Dean leaned over and gave him a peck on the cheek. “Just joking. I—uh—” he rubbed the back of his neck, suddenly shy, “I really do like that you, you know, don’t mind hanging out with Sammy, too.”
Cas smiled. “Yes.”
She just laughed and snagged a fry off of his plate. “Like I didn’t know already,” she said popping the stolen fry into her mouth as Dean glared. “You’re very obvious.”
“Dean, that’s really not fair. He’s our dad. He just wanted to make sure you were okay.”
“That just freaked me out more!” Dean insisted. “I mean, I passed out drunk and woke up soul bonded to a stranger?”
He immediately ruled out spaceship, since it felt like a person, but the fact that Dean was pretty sure that the light was coming from the body beneath him still had him leaning toward alien.
“Sorry about this, Sammy,” Dean said and elbowed Sam hard enough to send him sprawling. He raised the knife and let his momentum carry him to the monster. “This is for hurting my brother, you sick son of a bitch!” he shouted, bringing his arm back to thrust the blade into the monster, but before he could reach it he was grabbed around the throat by a spindly hand attached to a long, sinewy arm and lifted high off the ground. The knife fell from Dean’s grip as he went to scrabble at the monsters fingers cutting off his airway.
“Dean, open your eyes.”
“You just said that they have a year-long waiting list, Jess. How would they get reservations for Friday night?”
“I do hate it when she calls me Clarence,” Cas admitted.
Cas flew straight to the water. He had to make sure Dean was okay. A rather large figure was splayed out on the shore, so that’s where Cas headed.
“Yes,” Dean said with emphasis. “Golden Bonds don’t have to be romantic.”
Cas paused and allowed Dean to pull him into his side. “I’m not,” Cas replied with a sly smile. “But now you’ve stopped yelling at me for telling Sam.”
“You could sense him?” Cas asked sharply.
Before their eyes closed for good that night, Dean made Cas promise him something. “Don’t let me forget about this, okay? Remind me every day, every hour if you have to.”
Dean rolled his eyes and lifted his glass to take a sip of his water.
Dean stepped away from Cas long enough to hand Sam one of the plates he had gotten down earlier, eyeing the long string of cheese threatening to drip onto his floor that he just cleaned.
“Ah, still trying to muster the courage.” She nodded sagely. “I say, just march up and do it. Easy as ripping off a bandaid.”
“That’s not what happened, Bobby,” Dean said. “I didn’t know it was him.”
Dean nodded, managing to keep his sniffling to a minimum.
—I really liked it here, Cas. This was our home.” His voice cracked on the last word.
Castiel spun around from where he was just placing his freshly baked pie on the counter to cool. “I—um—yes.” He had hoped that he would have been able to clean up the kitchen before Dean returned. He knew Dean liked to keep things tidy now that he had a space to take pride in.
Dean’s heart skipped a beat and then another before he and his mom were running outside, shouting for Sam. But he wasn’t there. He wasn’t anywhere.
“No, Cas, you don’t have anything to be sorry for.”
Bobby narrowed his eyes at Sam. “I ain’t apologizing for not tellin’ ya about him. Dean asked me not to, and after what that boy had been through, I’d thought it best to go along with his wishes.”
Dean rubbed the back of his neck and averted his eyes. “Maybe, uh… Maybe we could hang out sometime?”
“Seriously, guys? We’ve barely been here five minutes and you already have your tongues down each other’s throats?”
“What?” Dean asked absentmindedly. He was trying to get a good grip but the dirt crumbled and slid beneath his hands every time he tried to get a good grip.
Cas pushed himself up onto all fours, each of his limbs shaking so badly they could barely hold his weight. He was exhausted. Mentally, physically, emotionally. He’d say he wants to sleep for a week when this is all over, but he’s never looked at sleep as a comfort before.
Cas nodded and followed Charlie out of the kitchen and into the living room where Sam had a phone pressed to his ear.
“Did you want to come with me?” Dean asked with a put upon nonchalance that wasn’t fooling anyone.
“What, seriously?” Sam asked.
Charlie nodded with a shrug as she found a chocolate muffin. Dean picked out a cinnamon swirl and blueberry for himself and Cas. But when Charlie began walking back to their table, Dean remained where he was.
“Not yet.”
Dean ignored his tone. “I’m just saying, Cas. Bulk buying is great. I mean, do you see how much food we have? I don’t think I’ve ever seen so much food outside of a restaurant.”
It rang three times before he heard a cool, “Dean?”
Charlie and Jo turned to look as well and there she was. A couple dozen feet away stood Ava Wilson, head down and hair blowing in a breeze no one else could feel. She was wearing pajamas, pink bottoms and a shirt with the Power Rangers logo, both ragged looking now with stains and rips. Her feet were bare and covered in dirt and leaves. She wasn’t looking at them.
“I’ll see you tomorrow?” Dean asked as they broke apart.
So there it is! I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it!! My tumblr is
“Nothing is safe anymore,” Cas said. “My entire house is a warzone, and after last week I can’t even feel safe in the classroom. I haven’t slept since we pulled that stupid prank.”
Jess muted the show and turned to face him. “What’s wrong?” she asked.
Sam shrugged. “Sorry, just got distracted I guess.”
Cas finally managed to free himself from the wreckage of the tree and he flew forward, sword aiming directly for his adversary’s heart. He missed, as he knew he would. His was still a little dazed from his meeting with the tree, so his speed wasn’t at the same level as his adversary’s quite yet. His blade sunk deep into the trunk of the tree behind where his adversary had just been. Cas put his feet on either side of where his blade was stuck and kicked off, wrenching it free and launching himself at his adversary behind him. He managed to spare a thought for Dean, hoping he was okay, wherever he was.
Sam rolled his eyes. “Why don’t you just marry him?” he said in his best impression of a grumpy five year old.
Sam rolled his eyes but did scoop a normal sized amount of eggs onto his plate.
Awkwardness broken, the rest of dinner went smoothly with the brothers getting to know each other and the men they had become in the five years without their father. And getting to know the significant others that had helped them on their way. They reminisced a little, but their time was mostly filled with anecdotes from the past five years. There was still some tension hanging over their heads, evidenced in the way that they skirted certain subjects that delved a little too deep into their past, or the abrupt and awkward segues made by both Cas and Jess when they saw one of the brothers grit their teeth a little too tightly. But overall they both considered the dinner a very good step towards repairing their relationship.
“Dean,” Mary warned.
Dean liked to listen to them and his other cassette tapes did make Cas somewhat reluctant to listen to them on his own volition.
.” He pierced Dean with an annoyed glare at his emphasized words.
“How about we start over?” the man asked. “My name is Castiel.”
Well, that took care of the details.
which you will not let us go back to and I would like to call ahead to a hotel and make a reservation.”
“Dean-o gets it,” Gabriel went on. “Us big brothers have to stick together, am I right?” He turned a little more to face Dean and caught sight of Dean and Cas’ entwined hands. His mouth dropped open and he scrambled around in his seat until he was leaning over it to point at their hands. “J’accuse!” he shouted.
Cas kicked out at whatever was wrapped around his ankle. He made contact on the second try and shot up into the air, only to get tangled in tree branches. He really hated these stupid trees. He pulled his wings in and dropped back to the ground, running towards Dean who was disappearing between the trees as he was still being dragged.
“Why Castiel,” Dean said. “Who would have known you were such a rebel?”
“Why can’t I leave for a run, exactly?” Cas asked, eyes narrowed.
“No, Dean, I can’t just drop this,” Sam said. “Did dad hit you? Did he—“
“Push him off if he’s bugging you,” Sam told him with a shrug. “Otherwise just leave him. I don’t think he’s been sleeping much, lately.”
The girls looked over to see Dean and Cas staring at them.
Sam burst into laughter when he saw Dean walk into the kitchen.
Dean hung his head. “Oh god, you probably think I’m just the biggest loser now.”
Dinner was a pleasant affair. Bobby was gruff, but obviously cared about Sam and Dean. And once Dean brought up Cas’ ridiculous knowledge of lore, Bobby was sold on him as well.
“You are not a fuck up, Dean,” Cas told him. “You were feeling attacked and lashed out. I’m sorry I wasn’t more supportive.”
“Why did you steal it?”
Dean snorted. “We could always just skip the middle step and move there now.”
Dean allowed himself to deflate into a slightly more normal posture and shrugged. “I wanted to take Cas’ name.”
“The message you sent me last night. You said you had been talking to Dean. It won’t be hard to figure out where he is if you can get him to talk to you again.”
“Picked the lock?”
"Trouble in paradise already," Sam said. "What a tragedy." He rolled his eyes and turned to look out of his window.
Dean stared at him. That last word didn’t sound like alien. He had really been expecting that last word to be alien. “A star,” Dean repeated. A
“Dean - “
“He is insulting us!” Cas insisted. “Insulting our bond and trying to twist it into something abhorrent.”
“I work in a bakery. The only stressful time of day is the morning rush, and trust me, after my nights? It’s nothing.”
Dean snorted. “No, I
“Leave him, Sam.”
“Ten minutes,” she reminded him before leaving the room.
Dean grimaced. “Sorry, man. If I had known I never would have talked you into doing it.”
“Alright,” Jo said, finally entering the living room. “I’m ready to take my anger out on you jerks, video-game style.”
It came closer. It came so close they could smell the rot of it, like a compost heap filled with maggots and raw meat.
“Where’s your flashlight?” Cas asked her.
“And if he attacks you?” Cas asked.
“A lot of ass,” Cas agreed.
Dean finally stepped forward. “Dad, back off,” he warned. “Cas didn’t kidnap me. He saved me.”
Cas rolled his eyes and finished off the rest of his coffee. “Hurry up. I’m starving.”
But Dean bumped their shoulders. “I’m joking.”
“Are you sure?” Charlie asked. “I mean…” She shot a look that was obviously supposed to be subtle over towards his dad before looking back at Dean. “There’s still an hour left in the workday.”
“Oh,” Cas said. “I believe my brother, Gabriel, is a part of that as well. He will be quite pleased.”
Jo opened her mouth to continue her interrogation, but thankfully the bell rang out signaling the start of lunch.
“What was I agreeing to?”
“Sam—“ he said, clearing his throat to hopefully make it louder. “He’s good. He was helping us.”
"Haven't been there in a while," Dean said, trying for casual as he looked out of the corner of his eye for any sort of reaction.
“Shit, Cas,” Dean laughed, dropping his duffel onto the floor and closing the distance between them with three long strides. “Then why the fuck did we let it end?”
“Oh fuck,” Dean said, closing the door to the freezer and knocking his head against it. “I totally forgot about that.”
Bobby waved his spluttering attempt at an apology away. “It’s alright,” Bobby said. “I don’t expect you to call me once a week and check in like some worried mother with empty nest syndrome. You wanted to strike out on your own, and that’s just fine. But that’s not what Dean wanted.”
“What? I am not!” he told her, smacking her hand away from trying to steal any more of his food.
Both Andy and Jake shrugged. “Too hot to care,” Andy said and Jake nodded his agreement. “And it’s not like they can really do anything to us. It’s the last day of school. We’re not even going back to this school next year.”
“Yeah?” Dean couldn’t stop the huge smile from spreading.
“It’s not about that,” Sam said. “I’m done trying to understand you. It’s your life. I shouldn’t try to butt in where I’m not wanted.”
John sighed and scrubbed a hand over his unshaven jaw. “Sam, listen,” John said, attempting to placate him, but he was cut off by a knock at the door.
“Sam,” Jess said in a tone that clearly suggested he was being unfair.
“Uh-huh,” Cas replied, still trying to focus his attention on his lines.
“You two assholes done planning our wedding?” Dean cut in, red in the face.
“Sam,” Jess said, grabbing his hand and entwining their fingers. “I think it’s time to go inside. If this isn’t a prank, we’re being really rude making them wait.”
Dean sighed and rubbed his temples. “Fuck, I hope your right. I mean, if dad’s the only problem I feel like we could get away with staying, you know? Especially if we get Bobby on our side.”
Cas’ face fell a little, before he realized that Dean had brought up the hand not gripping his tightly to bring his head back in close.
“I’m hurt,” Dean said, feigning the feeling with a hand over his heart. “I was going to be nice and offer you my bed, but now you’re stuck on the floor. And I suddenly don’t feel like vacuuming.”
“Not at all,” Cas replied. “It was cute.”
“What the fuck was that, Cas?” Dean shouted. “Do you not understand what happened? Babe, my dad is going to try to kill you.”
“Well, come in, sit your ass down, we don’t have all night here.” Gabe motioned towards the bed.
“Hey, Sammy,” Dean said.
Lucifer grinned, his mouth spreading wider than it had in real life. “You’re going to die tonight one way or another, Castiel.”
Dean let out a choked laugh and quickly wiped off a tear that had dared escape his eye. “Man, you been cutting onions in here, too?” he asked gruffly.
“I still say you cheated,” Dean told him.
“Because he’s the only other one involved.” Dean pinched the bridge of his nose and let out a huff of frustration. “You said you were letting this go.”
Cas’ smile became more sympathetic as his eyes narrowed in the tiniest bit of worry. “Try not to get yourself too worked up, Mr. Winchester. You’ve been in an accident.”
“Dean?”
“If you want the parts, you’re going to have to come and look for them your own damn self. I’m getting too old to be scrounging around for all the crap you keep asking for.”
“Dean was, too,” he said. “He still managed to do both. And introduce me to his boyfriend. I had to find out about your girlfriend through him.”
“Hey, Gilda moved in two weeks ago and
She went to check the rest of the house, Dean hot on her heels. “Was he sleepwalking again?” she asked.
“Do we have—“ Dean looked bemused. “Of course we have burn cream! It’s in the office in the first aid kit. What do you think I am, stupid? We work in a bakery, accidents happen.”
“We can just say you wanted to look nice for the whole dinner with the family thing. My house has air conditioning. You’ll be fine.” Dean added his most charming smile to really sell it.
“Lighten up, Jo,” Charlie said. “Just because Victor said his family was going on vacation for the rest of the summer is no reason to take your bad mood out on the sickeningly cute couple in front of you.”
He went crashing down into the wasteland below him, a crater splintering its way into the earth around him. He grunted as he pushed himself up into a sitting position.
“Me?”
“Yeah?”
“I care about you,” Sam said. “Sue me.” He held up a hand to keep Dean from snorting out a response. “But this isn’t about me,” he went on. “I know you. I saw how you were after the last time you came back from a djinn dream. I know you just need time to work shit out on your own.”
Cas clenched his jaw. “But why?”
He came within earshot just in time to hear her say, “So how did he finally ask? He’s been so annoying trying to figure out the perfect way to do it! Even though I told him, dude, you just gotta do it, he’s totally going to say yes! And I was obviously, totally right since you two are going to the dance now!”
it read, next to an arrow pointing directly at Cas’ scribbled out love confession.
Dean sighed. “I know what your…
“Let’s not talk about this right now,” Cas told him.
But this—this one Sam knew would take the cake.
“You at least have to admit that you didn’t expect their first fight to be over the monster in the woods.”
A sheepish smile broke out over Dean’s face. “So I guess Charlie really wasn’t lying when she said you stared at me, too, huh?”
“I don’t know!” Sam said. “But something.” He sighed and closed his eyes. “I wouldn’t have just left him like that.”
Cas rubbed the back of his neck again. “I know I sort of sprung it on you,” he said. “But I figured it was the only way to make sure that Meg didn’t try to ask me to dance later on. I panicked.”
“Uh, of course I did,” Dean told him. “What kind of Golden Bondmate would I be if I didn’t?”
“Oh thank god,” Cas said, dropping the book and rushing over to Dean and crushing their mouths together.
“Can we please focus on going
Dean snorted. “Well, yeah, probably, but dude!” He nudged him. “You’ve been dating me longer than I’ve been dating you! That’s just not fair.”
Sam let out a groan of frustration as he tried yet again to usher his father out of his apartment. “I’m not going to tell you anything about them.”
“Uh, Gallagher? Andy’s brother?” Dean asked. “That weird one, right?”
“I won’t,” Cas said.
Cas tilted his head to the side and Dean’s heart clenched at the sight of his classic Cas. “Why would I get bored?”
“Yeah, yeah,” Sam said. “I guess I’m just too mature for these prank wars, now.”
Charlie was hugging an awkward but pleased looking Cas.
“He went to bed in my room again but then I woke up, I don’t know why, and Sam was gone.”
“Cas,” Dean sighed. “Remind me how much I like it here. Remind me that I don’t want to have to move.”
He thought that as he ripped open the bag of marshmallows he had brought with him. As he stuck a few on the end of a skewer and dangled them over the fire. But he couldn’t think the thought when he was waiting for them to turn the perfect golden brown.
“Cas.” It was breathed along his lips, a warm puff of air that Cas wanted to inhale and keep in his lungs forever as a souvenir. “Open your eyes, Cas.”
.” He fought his blush. “That was one of the most terrifying scenes in cinematic history, you can’t tell me it wasn’t! They can
Sam sighed. “Dad, just leave them alone. They’re happy.”
“I can’t afford to be an optimist, Gabe,” Cas said. “If I do, the world ends.”
“Is it because you don’t want to hunt anymore?” Sam asked one day. The two of them had stepped outside with their beers, while Cas, Jess, Charlie, and Gilda remained inside playing the game that Charlie had brought over.
Dean tripped over a tree branch and went sprawling along the forest floor. He tried pushing himself up but before he managed it there was a foot on his back, pressing him into the dirt.
“Rude,” Charlie said.
Dean blushed and rubbed the back of his neck. “The recipes still need tweaking.”
“Gabe told me this morning. His parents reported it last night.”
He just shrugged again before he sobered his expression. “So, you’re okay with this?”
Castiel knew that wasn’t his true form, but Castiel also doubted his adversary even remembered what his true form was anymore after a lifetime spent changing.
Dean kept his eyes firmly planted on his knees. “Yeah. All three of us were.”
Chapped lips turned up in a small grin, a puff of laughter to accompany the motion. “Just your nurse, I’m afraid. You can call me Cas. We’ll just chalk that up to the painkillers, shall we?”
“That’s just what he tells you, Dean. He’s a siren, you can’t trust anything that comes out of his mouth.”
Dean dropped his bat and rushed over to try and pull them apart from where they were scuffling on the dirt. He grabbed Cas and pulled him up, horrified to see that the knife was sticking out of Cas’ shoulder.
“Fuck, Cas, I—what I said—“
The rest of the world came back into focus and Dean realized they had been making out on his porch for at least the five minutes Gabriel had allotted them.
“What do you say, Cas? Wanna get hitched?”
“Now that your mom has called us out on it?” Cas asked. “I can’t say I am. Having a…” he looked around and dropped his voice to a whisper, “
“Oh, Cas, no,” Sam said, throwing his hands up to try and stop him. “You sit up front.”
He wrenched the door of the impala open and slammed it once he was inside, mad that Dean wasn’t out there to see. He slouched down in his seat.
Tears stung at Dean’s eyes. He’d led his friends into certain death. It was all his fault.
The pot clattered on the floor, at least a quarter of its contents spilling over the side, but thankfully it landed upright saving the majority.
Gabriel made a gagging noise. “Oh my god your life is so sad I almost threw up.”
“Is this true?” Cas asked. “What you’ve written?” At Dean’s continued stammering, Cas stood up and held the textbook out. “Please tell me this is not some horrible prank.”
The second song came to a close far too early for either of their liking. They remained in their embrace well into the new, fast paced song, just smiling.
Sam turned to face his brother who was giving him the biggest shit eating grin he’d ever seen.
Dean brought his hand up and slid it along Cas’ cheek, fingertips just brushing into his hair. His other hand was now being crushed by Cas’ grip and it sent a thrill through him to know that Cas was just as excited as he was, just as nervous and desperate.
“Dean, something’s wrong,” Charlie said. “There’s something wrong with her.”
“Yeah, well, dad had that coming,” Dean said, voice hard.
Cas opened his eyes just to roll them, giving Dean a shove for good measure. “Assbutt.”
Sam mimicked Dean’s stance. “Yeah?”
“Because it’s not real, Cas. Monsters aren’t real!”
Castiel nodded and looked up to the sky. “It looks different from this angle.”
Looking left and right to make sure nobody was around, he took off at a run towards the park. He was already late in meeting up with everyone, having seriously underestimated his mom’s determination to keep him in her sight all night. It was the first time since his dad had left them that he had been happy to see his mom’s lips thin into a hardened frown when she answered the phone. She had excused herself to her room and Dean had seized his chance to get away.
“Nah,” Dean replied easily. “Anyone would’ve done it.”
Cas stood awkwardly a few feet away from the bed Dean was lounging on and said, “I want to tell you something.”
? As in
“It’s a good thing they’re not actually brother and sister,” Charlie said. “Because if they had to live together…” She let her sentence trail off, letting their imaginations fill in the blanks.
“No,” Jo told him. “Just pointing out that you and Cas
Was this normal? Feeling light enough to float away but still aching and empty? He
“Yeah, well, they didn’t have much to go on. You’d disappeared by then. New number, new name. They didn’t have anything to go on.”
He splashed some water on his face and then used his wet hands to try and get his hair to lay neatly along the part. He checked his teeth for any leftover food, straightened his nicest button down shirt that he had optimistically decided on that morning and finally dug around in his backpack for some gum. It’s not like he was
“—And second, I really will explain everything, but I need to go to sleep. I swear I’ll tell you tomorrow.”
Cas narrowed his eyes at Dean and glared. “The only reason we’re sharing this bowl is because I am not cleaning up more than this dish tonight. Do not assume that I want to share my actual food with you.”
Dean blushed and tried to laugh it off. “Well, thanks, Cas, but trust me.
Sam sighed. “I have no idea. I know we didn’t leave on good terms,” he said. “But I sort of always figured it was dad’s influence on him. But dad said Dean left pretty much right after I did, so… I don’t know. I guess I just thought if I ever saw him again he might be happy about it? At least that he’d talk to me. But he just… He got this haunted look and ran. I tried to go after him, but he jumped in his car and sped away. He even left skid marks.”
“Jo!” the others all shouted, running to where they had just seen her disappear from, flashlight beams swinging.
“Be back guys,” Dean said to the table at large. Jo and Charlie looked up from their discussion on just what being queen of the nerds meant, Jo with a confused frown and Charlie with a knowing smirk.
Cas gave Dean’s leg a quick pat and stood up. “I’ll go reheat some leftovers. I think we still have some pot roast from Monday.”
Cas heard his adversary let out an almighty screech, but the one he was currently fighting was too busy snapping its beak at him to have made the sound. He let out a sigh of relief that it at least sounded like Dean had the upper hand. It also meant he had a bearing on which way to go. He brought his feet up and kicked out at his adversary. It didn’t send him flying, but it did put his adversary off balance long enough for Cas to make a run for it. He weaved through the trees, practically flying, though he kept his wings tucked in tightly to better navigate the narrow gaps through the trees.
Sam snorted. “I would suggest trying to look a little less like you’re about to pee yourself.”
“I’m still not wearing the cowboy boots in bed, Dean.”
"I'm not saying that I think it is, but, he uh, he made me promise to hear you out without making up my mind on it first. So, tell me what happened. All of it." He went over and sat down on the edge of Sam's unmade bed. "And hey, even if I still don't believe you, at least you have Cas, right? Charlie, too, I guess. But Jo's still on the fence."
,” he pronounced the word as if he wasn’t quite sure he was using it correctly or not, “and haven’t concerned myself with trying to understand how people have convinced themselves that a mammal as large as a reindeer could fly, let alone manage to pull a sleigh through the air.”
Petrified, Cas slowly turned his head to plead for Sam’s help.
“Thank you for making me breakfast,” Cas said solemnly.
“We’ve barely been talking.”
“Don’t you
“Okay, dad,” Sam said. “What do we do?”
“Hey, asshole,” Dean’s voice called softly down the hall, still scratchy with sleep. “If you think I’ve forgotten about making you sleep on the floor, then you are sorely…”
“Dude, I know I cut you some slack when you were an angel staring at me in my sleep, but buddy, it is not normal to crawl into another man’s bed and…and…” he lowered his voice to a whisper, “cuddle with them!”
John tried fruitlessly to pull Cas’ hand from around his neck, his eyes bugging out as the life was choked from him.
“Then do it over the phone,” Dean told him. “Now get in the car.”
Cas furrowed his brow. “People?” As far as Cas knew they were just the suns of different solar systems, so far away that half of them were probably already long gone before their light managed to grace the eyes of the Earth.
“We don’t talk about that,” Dean cut in, pulling out of Cas’ arms to sit up. “Can you please just drop this? I don’t want to talk about it, alright? Sam is going to leave town and we won’t have to worry about this again. Now drop it so I can go to sleep. I have puny human stamina, remember? I need my four hours.”
Charlie and John both turned to face him.
“Cas,” Dean said, and threw his arms out, gripping Cas by his shirt sleeves and pulling him down onto the floor with him.
“Can I please kill him?”
“That’s not true,” Dean mumbled, but even he didn’t sound convinced of the lie.
“I suggest you do as he asks,” Cas said from beside him in a voice dripping with menace.
The two of them looked up to where the roof (or what was left of it) was indeed engulfed in flames.
Cas closed his book and stood up from his seat. “I was sorted into Gryffindor on Pottermore,” he told her seriously. “I was hoping for Hufflepuff, but was quite pleased with the results nonetheless.”
“Oh god, Cas,” Dean groaned before he burst into laughter. “That was horrible, man.”
“What are you complaining for?” Dean replied. “I know you two played like two extra rounds.”
“You never
“Nope,” Cas said. “It’s a good thing for us I believed her.”
“Hey, you okay?”
“Thought so,” Dean said smugly. “Now get in the car.”
Dean just rolled his eyes. “I don’t know why you two are so embarrassed about it. I was the one with the dick in my mouth.”
“I fly in, I attack,” Cas stated succinctly.
"But you'll hang out with us today, though, right?" Cas asked him. "And I know that Charlie and Jo have been wondering where you were, too. We're hanging out with them at the park tomorrow, so you should definitely come."
Dean closed his eyes and took a deep breath to calm himself. “We are not having this conversation right now.”
And then the worst thing in the whole entire world happened.
“Get off!” Sam shouted, trying to wriggle away.
Cas burst into laughter.
“Now, wait a minute,” John said, trying to march forward, but Sam stood in his way so he had to settle for looking over Sam’s shoulder. “I’ve been looking for you for a long time, son.”
“Flannel?” Dean shouted. “Are you kidding me? Come on, Cas, you want me to die of heat stroke?”
“You know you’re supposed to be on
But it was Sam who was raising the knife that had been stolen from Jo.
“What?”
But they were.
But Cas’ reaction was clearly telling him different. He wouldn’t look near Dean and he kept glowing brighter and softer as if he was trying to control his reactions. He was newly promoted. Maybe he hadn’t had time to see how common a wish like that could be?
“He’s not like the ones dad talked about,” Cas said.
“Charlie,” Dean warned. “This isn’t some project. Just leave it alone, alright? I never should have told you in the first place.”
“Jesus,” Dean jumped again. “Are you guys trying to give me a heart attack?”
“It’s not reverse psychology!” Sam protested. “I’m just telling you that I get it, you know? Some people want to keep their secrets and that’s fine. So, you know, it’s fine.”
Castiel tugged on the bond he already felt forming between them, but the young man remained stationary, staring down into his drink. Human, then. It wasn’t unusual for his kind to find their mates in humanity, but Castiel had hoped that his mate would have been the type to recognize a bond when it formed. But now Castiel had to rely on his rather lackluster “people skills.”
“Why does Jo owe her ten dollars?” Cas asked as the two of them finally entered the hallway where their classes were held.
But after he was gone Dean sighed and resigned himself to flipping through the channels. Eventually he landed on a Star Trek rerun and figured it would have to do. He hoped Cas would be done soon so he could start bugging him again. Being by himself was boring. And gave him too much time to dwell on the fact that he sprained his knee trying to hop a fence he would have had no problem with five years ago. He was not getting old. He couldn’t be. He was just twenty-five like ten years ago.
“We were naked, Cas. We’re lucky we didn’t get arrested for public indecency.”
Cas, on the other hand, said nothing. In fact, most people didn’t even seem to notice Dean’s statue of a guardian angel (though the term angel hadn’t applied to him in years, now). He just sat there, staring at Dean in that intense way of his.
Wiping his eyes, Dean finally managed to settle down. “Why Samantha, you look absolutely gorgeous,” he said. “I don’t see anything that would cause a problem for you on your little date later.”
Cas smiled. He could be patient.
“Well, Cas obviously does,” Sam replied. “I’ve seen him go through all of the tests—silver, holy water, iron, everything.”
“But he’ll be back tomorrow. I told him I’d look into some of the stuff he was giving me.” He turned to face Dean who was staring at the wall with a blank look on his face. “I’m sorry, son. I didn’t know he was coming. I tried to get him to wait, but you know how he is.”
” She completely ignored him, marching across the room with purpose. Dean debated the merits of tackling Charlie and attracting the attention of the whole school, or just sinking down in his chair to attempt spontaneous combustion. Either way, they both ended in his total and utterly mortifying doom.
Bobby walked back over and planted both of his hands on Dean’s small shoulders. “Tell ya what,” he said, steering Dean towards the dilapidated looking building. It looked nothing like a school, but that was part of the charms and wards to keep out those that didn’t belong. “I’ll buy you your school supplies, and you hang back once a week in my class to help clean up. Everything’ll be paid off in no time. That sound good?”
The other three held their breath, waiting for the monster to pop out and attack or devour their souls or whatever it is that the monster did to unwitting children who wandered too far off the path, but nothing happened.
“That doesn’t mean I get to have him back, Cas.”
Dean rubbed his temples. He had a whole arsenal of things to say in response.
Dean picked a pair of underwear out of the drawer, not bothering to check whether it was his or Cas’ (honestly, they didn’t even try to differentiate anymore), and slid them on. “It was alright. Tracy’s working out really well. Charlie is making me get a new employee anyway, though.”
All of them looked to Jo.
Dean was avoiding all of Sam’s calls.
Cas huffed in annoyance and looked down at his sweater. “It is a ridiculous notion, but I quite enjoyed the story nonetheless.” He cast a small smile down at the cartoon reindeer with his glowing nose.
“Seriously, though, Cas,” Dean said, once his laughter tapered off. “Thank you.” His hand slid from Cas’ shoulder to the top of his arm, mimicking where Castiel had laid his mark on Dean all those years ago. For a few moments, they just stood there like that, staring at each other. Dean’s gaze softened and he squeezed a little in a comforting gesture, and Cas was sure he was about to let go, another potential moment passing them by. But then he pulled Cas close.
Dean just shrugged. “I’m glad it happened the way it did. I don’t think I would have let it happen otherwise.”
“How the hell do our brothers even know each other?” Dean asked. “Isn’t your brother in college?”
“He has no point,” Cas bit out, harsh. He paused to collect himself for a moment with a deep breath. “I know that the situation is not perfect, but that does not change how I feel about it. How I feel about you.”
“You have enough people to help you working on all those cars, boy?” Bobby asked. “Or are you just working yourself to death?”
Sam opened his mouth to say something, anything to wipe the sad look off of Dean’s face, but it was that moment that Cas walked up, pushing his aviators on, and said, “Ready to hit the road?”
“What do you mean, ‘you’re staying’?” Dean asked. “How the hell are you going to get home?”
“It was extremely awkward,” Cas said. “I still can’t look
“This the thanks I get?” Singer asked.
“Positive,” Dean replied. “Get out of here.”
, one which clearly meant,
“They look nice, Dean,” Cas replied icily. “And they are equipped with this magical thing called a curtain.”
“Dean,” Cas said, taking a step inside the door and closing it behind himself.
“I’m going to kill him,” Cas grumbled.
“I believe I just did,” he replied and leaned in to kiss him once more.
“Pie?” Dean asked, perking up like a puppy about to go on a walk.
“What?” Dean looked scandalized. “But I want to see his face when he realizes the map only leads to another map!”
Jo shrugged. “Not really,” she said. “I mean, I don’t think Sam’s lying, but monsters aren’t real.”
Sam nodded a few times and cleared his throat before letting out a weak chuckle. “You know,” he said, trying to keep his voice clear. “When I started this conversation, I was just trying to ask you if you were as surprised as me when you found out Dean was gay.”
Dean rolled his eyes and dug in his pocket for his phone.
“And how does Gabriel know?” Dean asked.
Gabriel rolled his eyes. "Point is," he continued. "Mom and dad put me in charge while they're away on their little Valentine's cruise and I'm not about to get in trouble for you having a mental breakdown on my watch. So come on," he slung an arm around Cas' shoulder and shook him. "Tell Uncle Gabey what the problem is."
“Charlie and Gilda are here,” Cas said, poking his head into the kitchen.
It was Dean’s turn to blush. “We must have perfect timing if we kept missing each other, huh?”
Cas rubbed the back of his neck. “No?” he tried.
“Damnit, Cas, of course I trust you!” Dean nearly shouted. “Fuck, after everything we’ve been through together, if you don’t think I trust you—“
“I already miss you.”
“Your brother tell that to you, too?” Jake mocked him.
“I know,” he replied. “But I seem to remember
“I’m waiting for Cas,” he replied, brushing him off with a wave of his hand.
Dean grabbed Cas' hand under the table and squeezed it, hoping that it properly conveyed how grateful he was.
“Of course,” he said. Dean felt his heart stop as the blood drained from his face. Sam continued, “I mean, he’s not answering his phone, so I just left a message after that first time I saw you at the grocery store and you ran away.” Sam paused for Dean to cut in with something like,
“Sammy, please,” Dean begged. He raised his bat in a shaky grip, but he knew he wouldn’t do anything to hurt Sam, couldn’t do anything to hurt him. It was Sam.
Dean snorted. “Good luck with that.”
“Right.” Dean had forgotten he was going anywhere. “Uh…”
Dean cracked an eye open to see what he was talking about before a slight smile spread over his face. “Hawaii.”
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean breathed, leaning in for another quick kiss. “I’ve wanted to do that for so long.”
“Recently, yes,” Cas replied. “I’m sorry. If it is any consolation, you have been very happy for Sam these past five days when your memory remained intact.”
Sam didn’t answer.
Dean opened his mouth to defend his best friend, but Cas beat him to it.
“I do not sound like I’m living in a Jane Austen novel.”
Dean wanted to wish for the ground to open up and swallow him whole, but he dared not do it in case Cas actually granted it. But, if he were being honest, he was seriously weighing his options.
Sam spun around in his desk chair at that.
“Cas! Not when there’s a
“Whatever you’re thinking is inappropriate,” Dean told him, hiding his smirk.
Surprisingly, Dean didn’t have a retort and actually seemed to try and take his advice. He unclenched his fists and wiped his palms off on his jeans. He attempted a smile.
“Just tell me what I don’t know here, Dean,” Sam said. “I mean, I’ve realized that I must have missed stuff when we were growing up, but—“
“He’s coming back,” Cas told him.
“No,” Cas said. “I told you that he always sings the Pirates of the Caribbean theme song when he drinks too much rum.”
“So what’s up?” Dean asked, chucking the magazine he’d been reading onto his nightstand.
Mary put a comforting hand on his arm. "You should have woken me up."
“We’re not going anywhere, Dean,” Cas said.
“He…” Dean took a deep breath. “He kept talking about the monster. The monster in the woods.” He saw the detectives share a short, but exasperated look. “I know, I know it sounds crazy,” he continued quickly. “But it’s what he thought it was. The thing that’s been taking his friends. And… and I don’t know what else it could be. It—it makes sense, if you think about it. It all—everything adds up,” he tried to insist but he could see that they didn’t believe him. He wanted to rail against them, rage and yell and shout that they were being so stupid, so close minded. “Just look in the woods,” Dean told them. “If Sam ran away, that’s where he would have gone.”
“Oh yeah,” Dean said to himself. “That’s definitely a yes.”
. He shook his head. He’d deal with that therapy bill later.
“Aw, you two had a moment?” Jess cooed.
“I, uh, I like how you talk,” Dean told him, ears turning red.
And just like that his mood dropped. Would he be absolutely pathetic if he was already thinking about calling Sam? Bobby did say he could use his phone any time. And Sam was probably missing him, too, right? The kid was only seven after all.
With a sigh that was more of a whimper of pain, he pushed himself to his feet and stumbled towards the front door so that he could stop the incessant pounding. He felt like he was living through one of Edgar Allen Poe’s nightmares. If there was a raven at the door, he was punching it.
“I’ll go in first,” Cas said, striding confidently toward the doors which honestly looked like the most sturdy part of the building.
“Hello, Mrs. Hendrix,” Cas said as an elegantly coiffed woman entered in a grey pinstripe suit. “Dean has your coffee and banana nut muffin ready at the counter for you.”
Dean opened his mouth but Cas cut him off.
thing, obviously, but he spilled everything else.
“You know the pie isn’t done yet, right?”
He decided he’d waited long enough and was plugging his phone into charge when he heard a knock at the door. He furrowed his brow and swung his feet off the side of his bed as the knock came again.
“Dean,” Cas said, standing up from his seat on the couch. “Please.”
Dean still had his head down on the table so Cas cleared his throat to get his attention.
“He doesn’t know who I am,” Cas replied. “Perhaps I could be of some assistance and help to get your father out of the house faster.”
“No false bottom,” Dean told him, dropping his and Cas’ bag next to Sam’s. “No need.”
“How do you know?” Dean asked, walking over to the corpse and stabbing it in the heart. He watched as the body disintegrated into dirt at Dean’s feet.
One day, maybe a month after Dean had been discharged from the hospital, Cas came up with a plan to… take advantage of this new opportunity. It was Sam that gave him the idea, really, when he decided to come clean about that one time when they were both kids and Sam had hidden the Impala’s keys so they couldn’t leave, but it just so happened to coincide with the night those drunk assholes from three rooms down shattered a taillight. John had assumed Dean had taken the Impala out for a joy ride—Sam had meant to say something, to take the blame, but the way John had looked at Dean, the way he had yelled and cursed—Sam had been too scared.
“I do love it when your freckles become more pronounced,” Cas replied wistfully. “But I saw the workload you have at the shop. You can’t take an extended vacation right now. Besides, the house I’m having built isn’t finished yet.”
He peeked his head around down the hall, tightening his grip on the bat. Someone was rounding the corner. A short someone with floppy brown hair.
“I don’t think you tripped by accident, Jo,” Cas told her.
Dean moved his hand from Cas’ cheek to the back of his head, and brought them even closer together. He wanted to live in this moment forever, pack up his stuff and just move right in.
Sam discovered them the next morning, clothes strewn around their sleeping forms. He’d never been gladder that Cas had wings since they were covering up everything that would have scarred him for life. Not that the noises coming from the beach last night hadn’t already done the trick.
“You’re awesome,” Dean told him, leaning up for a kiss which Cas was more than happy to oblige him with.
Dean laughed and pushed Cas towards the door, needing him to leave before he lost it. He could bury it, he was going to bury it, he was going to be a good friend. But he could feel tears threatening to sting his eyes and he needed Cas gone before they made their grand entrance.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Says the guy who still uses airquotes.” He tossed the book onto his desk. “Come on, Sleeping Beauty, let’s go order a pizza. I’m starving.” He tried to usher Cas out of his room, but Cas was too busy eyeing the book with a skeptical glint.
“If it’s too embarrassing you don’t have to tell me,” Dean said with a warm smile. Then it turned into a smirk. “But if you don’t tell me I’ll probably imagine it being like the most embarrassing thing I can think of and assume that’s the truth.”
in case you wanted to know. You'll find out I'm basically just deancas trash, lol. And here's the
Charlie just laughed. “You have got it so bad,” she told him.
was that—but mostly awesome.
Sam sighed. “Dean has no problem keeping secrets from me.”
“Dude,” Sam said, once Cas was safely out of earshot. “You’re ridiculous.”
“I’m aware.” Cas kept his eyes glued to his script, even though Dean’s hands were back to their wandering ways.
Sam walked over to his couch and let himself fall onto it, rubbing his hands over his head. “That’s never meant anything before.”
Cas shrugged. “I don’t know. What’s it like to be a human?”
“I am not leaving, Dean,” Cas said calmly. “This is our house.”
She narrowed her eyes and shot both of them a glare. “Fine. But please have all future conversations out loud.”
Dean sighed and went to check his watch again, but Cas still had a grip on his hand and wouldn’t allow it. He started jiggling his leg up and down under the table instead.
“Your place or mine?”
Cas had explained how the whole
“Hey, don’t try and turn Cas off of it before he even tries it! Just because your taste buds aren’t as refined as mine,” Dean told him, tearing into the bag. He picked one out and held it in front of Cas. “Wanna try the greatest movie candy ever invented?” he asked him with a wiggle of his eyebrows.
Cas stepped slightly in front of Dean, but Dean pushed him to the side and marched up to his father. “Get out of my house,” he demanded through gritted teeth, “or so help me I’ll let Cas rip you to shreds.”
“Thanks,” Dean said. “Oh, and if you come across the stuff about the virgins, it’s not true. Cas had this one cousin.”
“Dean?” Cas asked, and Dean finally dared to look up into those galaxies Cas called eyes. “Are you happy?”
The knock came again. Sam didn’t know who it could be. Jess wouldn’t knock, Dean wasn’t speaking to him (thank god for small miracles at the moment, he didn’t even want to think of how pissed Dean would be that Sam—however drunkenly—had called their dad). Anyone else would have called or texted him. He figured it was probably just some Jehovah’s Witnesses or something and crossed over to the door quickly to tell them that this wasn’t the best time.
Sam turned wide eyes to him. “You weren’t even there.”
“Yeah, dude. They’re just marshmallows.” To prove his point, he grabbed another and bit it in half.
“Ugh, about your sex life, yes,” he answered with a scowl.
Dean literally dove over the table to try and cover Cas’s mouth before he could ask the next question. The jug of orange juice spilled, a plate of eggs was knocked to the floor, and sausages went rolling across the surface of the table, but Dean was still too late.
“The falling,” Dean said, tracing a path from the sky to the ground with his finger, “right.” Maybe he had hit his head as he slid down the wall of the crater. Maybe this was all a dream or a hallucination.
“Hey!” Dean said. “It’s not pathetic!”
But Dean seemed to be gone again, making goo goo eyes over at Cas who was valiantly trying to avoid noticing as he checked Dean’s vitals.
“Better,” Sam told him. “Now try not to look so psychotic.”
“Well, I do,” Dean told him, turning back around so that he could pour himself some coffee.
“Uh…” Dean’s eyes flicked down to Cas’s lips and then back up to his piercing stare. “Wh—what about, um, maybe this was just all part of Sam’s prank.” He tried next, gaze still flicking back and forth between those chapped lips and those unearthly blue eyes. “You know, pretend like he drank some Veritaserum and then just start lying about stuff.”
“Nope,” she said. “You can’t just hire one person and think that’s enough. You need more mechanics, Dean. Right now it’s you, Tracy, Ash, and Andy. And Andy is only part time. You can’t keep working yourself to death with the amount of jobs coming in.”
“Good,” Dean clapped him on the shoulder. “Now let’s go grab your pillow.”
Dean walked around the car to Cas to slap a hand on his shoulder. “It was his initiation,” Dean said, “to the Winchester way.”
Sam raised his brows while Cas rolled his eyes.
Dean smiled and kissed the closest part of Cas he could reach, which happened to be his shoulder. “Damn, having money is
Dean clamped his mouth shut on his next disparagement.
“Now, if you’ll excuse me,” Cas said, standing up. “My beverage needs to be replenished.”
“Goddamnit, Cas,” Dean muttered, then with a raised voice added, “Why don’t we just tell the whole fucking world?”
Dean and Cas were already sitting in the Impala by the time Sam got there, speaking in low voices—and was that—did Dean just giggle? Sam really did not want to know. He’d been woken up by their nighttime escapades one too many times to try and pry when the two were looking at each other like that.
And then finally,
And then a slow song came on.
only seen Cas two hours ago, but somehow it just didn’t seem like enough. He just wished they didn’t have to leave each other at the end of the day. And how absolutely, gut-wrenchingly
Dean looked up from his homework. Seeing the look of pure terror on his best friend’s face he chucked the highlighter he had been using down on top of his text book and got to his feet. “Okay, what’s wrong.”
Sam narrowed his eyes at the both of them. “Uh, yeah, it kind of is,” Sam said. “You two are keeping so many things from me I don’t even know what I don’t know.”
Sam smiled, and it broke Dean's heart a little to realize that it was the first smile he'd seen on him since the whole monster ordeal happened.
“Oh yes, yes,” Balthazar said, waving away Cas’ concern with a hand. “When you said it you sounded like the proper gentleman you are. I’m sorry if we don’t all talk like we’re living in a Jane Austen novel.”
“I’m fine,” Cas tried to insist after Dean had sterilized a hook needle with his lighter. “This is completely unnecessary.”
Bobby shook his head and walked back towards the house, muttering, “Don’t know how Cas puts up with you,” under his breath.
Charlie flashed her a thumbs up and hurried after Dean.
“Alright, Dean,” Cas replied with a small grin, scooting back until he was comfortably seated on the couch.
Dean shot her a horrified look.
“Castiel?” she said.
She pretended to think about it. “Hmm… Yeah.”
written in Dean’s messy handwriting. And attached to the card, a bag of bee shaped chocolates. He looked up to see Dean staring down at his gift in awe.
“Wow,” Cas said. “An in-person conversation.”
Laughter rang through the air.
“As long as you’re sure he’s more concerned with you than killing the monster inside of you.”
He was pretty sure Cas’ adversary had taken on the form of a kraken or something; he couldn’t see it for the surprisingly murky water, but large tentacles kept coming at him from almost every direction, though they had yet to actually get past his machete and wings.
worked. And now Dean was stuck fighting some insane looking vulture creature who had half of its feathers missing but somehow made up for it in teeth.
Cas took a deep breath to steel himself. "I'm going to ask Dean to the Valentine's Day dance." He closed his eyes and gritted his teeth, waiting for Gabe's oncoming barrage of jokes and insults, but there was only silence. Cas peeked one eye open to see Gabe staring at him with a confused expression.
Gabriel and Cas showed up twenty minutes later with a couple boxes of fresh donuts.
“Well, I hardly expect to just trade brothers. If I gave you Gabriel and you gave me Sam then I would be the oldest in my household and therefore have to try and provide, and at fourteen, I’m just not ready for that type of responsibility. The only logical conclusion would be that we trade places. So, I’m ready whenever you are.”
“Bug me?” Sam laughed. “Why the hell would it bug me? I mean, I don’t want to see you two like making out or anything, but knowing that my brother and my best friend are happy? Trust me, Dean, it wouldn’t bug me at all.”
Dean skidded to a halt in front of his best friend, panting.
“Until after the dance.”
, Cas told him.
That voice. Dean was afraid to turn around in case he was wrong. Or maybe he was just afraid since he didn’t exactly know what he would do if he was right.
Sam just shook his head.
“None of your business,” Jo told them.
Dean, overtaken by his idea, insisted, “No, Cas, you’re not getting it.” He grabbed Cas’ upper arms and shook slightly. “
The three of them were silent as they all thought about the thing none of them wanted to admit they were thinking about.
Dean blushed. “We’re not
It was Dean’s turn to roll his eyes, which he did while trailing Cas to the door.
“I know that, Dean,” Cas replied. “And I wouldn’t.” He squeezed his hand. “But as something is happening I don’t know that I would be able to stop myself.”
“He keeps whispering to me. In my dreams.” Sam’s voice was barely above a whisper. “I don’t know how much longer I can ignore him. I think I’m going crazy.”
Cas rolled his eyes again. “Of course not. Your reaction to him daring to use a term that belittled the abuse you endured wasn’t exaggerated at all.”
“Dean,” Cas said softly, but Dean ignored him and continued.
Dean shrugged even though he knew Cas couldn’t see. “Maybe,” he said. “I mean, you said it yourself. He doesn’t know. He has no reason to not tell him you know?”
"What?" Sam asked once it was clear that Dean wasn't going to say anything.
Dean nodded. “Yeah.”
run away
Dean was sitting in the corner of the first empty classroom Cas looked in. He was using one of his hands to prop up his head, the other lazily holding his wand in front of him. He seemed to be trying to practice a hex, but instead a steady stream of pathetic looking snowflakes dribbled out onto an ever growing pile on the floor.
“Wanna move Friday night up to now?”
Dean led them far enough away that they wouldn’t be heard, and then found a small patch of trees to hide behind. He was still a ball of anxiety, so Cas smiled at him encouragingly. Cas wanted to know just what this present could be to make Dean so nervous.
Cas took in a huge gulp of air and finally managed to straighten up. “Alright, I’m sorry,” he said, but then one look back at Dean’s now blushing face had him laughing all over again. It was another minute before Cas was able to look at Dean, who was watching him sullenly with his arms crossed, without giggling. “I’m sorry,” he finally said. “But you are never going to live that down.”
His mom’s eyes were filled with tears as she looked at him, but her gaze was steady.
They got out and stretched once Dean parked behind the barn. Cas was looking around himself like the universe had personally offended him, scowl on his face and aviators perched on his nose to protect him from the early morning glare.
Cas enjoyed the ride in the Impala very much. Balthazar kept up a running dialogue, inviting the two of them to visit him in England and describing the acts of debauchery they could get up to. But Cas was hardly paying him any attention. Dean was lazily carding the fingers on the hand not steering through his hair, playing with the shorter hairs at the nape of his neck.
Dean just smiled happily and turned around to rummage through the cabinets. “Pancakes sound good?”
“I’ll do it,” Dean growled.
“Really, Dean?” Cas said one he caught his reflection in the television screen.
“We’ve been living off of takeout for two weeks, Dean,” Cas said, walking by on his way to the coffee machine.
Charlie just huffed. “You guys are lame. Where’s Sam? He’s the only one of you with good taste in women.”
Dean rolled his eyes and sat back in his chair, taking a huge bite of his burger. “Tease,” he muttered.
“If I had any control over it, I would not have allowed it to happen while you were inebriated,” Cas huffed, crossing his arms tightly across his chest and turning away.
The voice was small and scared and
Cas’ breath hitched as his brain caught up to what was happening. Dean was leaning in, his long lashes closing over those brilliant green eyes, and then they were kissing. Dean’s other hand came up to tangle in Cas’ unruly hair, while both of Cas’ gripped the front of Dean’s jacket as if it was his only lifeline.
“It’s too hot,” Sam whined, brushing back some of the hair that had stuck to his forehead.
Charlie threw a handful of chips at them. “Keep it in your pants, you two. We’re trying to watch the movie.”
“Yes,” Cas said. “And what a shame that would be.”
“Yes,” Dean said petulantly.
“This is it,” Sam said, standing below the
“I couldn’t do it, Cas,” he said. “I tried, I couldn’t do it.”
Cas poked his head back into his office. “Thank you, sir.”
Dean nodded, not trusting himself to speak.
?” Dean let out a snort. “John Winchester is never twenty minutes late unless he’s up to something.”
Cas finally looked up at Dean. “I thought that maybe I had lucked out and accidentally managed to ask you to the dance without realizing it. Which was great because I was trying to figure out how I was going to ask you anyway, and…” He looked down again. “And then you looked utterly confused when I told Meg and I realized—“
“Cross my heart."
Sam nodded. “Will you tell him I’m sorry?” he asked. “Like seriously, seriously sorry.”
“Hey, Bobby!” Dean said.
Ten minutes later Cas unlocked the door and let in the first customers of the day. They had a few regulars there every morning for their decently priced coffee and a muffin and today was no different.
,” Dean singsonged.
Sam snorted into his cup of coffee. “And you’re bragging about it?”
“Disgust me?” Dean asked. “You’re the one that couldn’t fucking wait to get away from me once Balthazar turned his back!”
“Dean!” Cas called as he swapped his jacket for an apron, black with a white outline of a slice of pie on the front.
“Then you can’t seriously be trying to tell me that
“You’re making the same face that you make when The Roadhouse is having their beer, burger and pie special.”
“Because baby brother,” Lucifer told him sickly sweet. “I am Lucifer.”
“At least he doesn’t know what you are,” Sam said. “And honestly, I don’t think he’ll figure it out. Once he sees that you pass all the tests he’ll have to give it up.”
“Yeah, why? Did I make a mistake?” Dean’s stomach dropped to his shoes. Of course he made a friggin’ mistake.
“Soul mate?” he asked. “Is that what you guys were talking about before? The bond thing?”
Charlie jumped as she turned to see Dean standing behind her. “It’s the only thing I had at my house,” she said defensively, gripping it tighter in front of herself. “My family is full of nerds, not sport enthusiasts!”
“No?” Dean asked, the squeak in his voice embarrassingly audible over the music.
“Hi,” she said to a gawky, goofy guy standing behind his podium. “Is there a reservation under Winchester?”
Cas ran a hand through Dean’s hair and sighed. “He’s been taking classes at a community college. He’s thinking about applying to KU.”
“Wait, so your Dean’s brother?” Charlie asked, staring at Sam’s hulking form pacing back and forth across the living room with rapt attention.
They began a slow trek back to the cafeteria, hands brushing on every other swing, both too unsure of where the line was now to make a move.
Dean shrugged. “I guess I’m not too creative when it comes to naming things.”
“Oh god, they’re getting
“Why the hell is your father calling me yelling about a winged husband?” he demanded in lieu of a greeting.
Dean grinned. “So I see you managed to scrounge up some info.”
“Come with us,” Dean said. “We’re going to try and sneak Jo’s knife collection into St. Christopher’s to dip them in the holy water. Who knew Jo being a psycho would come in handy someday, huh?”
“Some high schoolers decided to play a prank on Sam’s class today,” she replied.
“Yes,” he said, eyes flicking over to Dean who had his arms covering his head where it rested on the table. “Castiel, actually, but yes.”
He dropped his bag inside before going out to meet them at the impala.
“Fine,” Dean spat back. “Then I’ll leave.” He grabbed his keys off of the table and wrenched the door open.
Instead of answering, Cas pulled him in for a deep kiss.
“Under intense pressure, sure,” Dean shrugged, casually sauntering over to him. He leaned down and gave him a peck on the cheek. “Usually not when someone reminds you ten times to check you’ve got all the ingredients.”
“You guys own this place?” Jess asked, eyes wide.
“Yeah,” Jo added. “We like making fun of Dean just as much as you, Cas.”
He spent about twenty minutes playing solitaire on his computer before he got bored enough to start on his paperwork. He was actually starting to make pretty good headway when Charlie told him over the intercom that he had a call.
“Come on Cas, I said I was sorry,” Dean said, trying for his best puppy dog look. He wasn’t quite sure it worked.
"Ugh, gross," Sam said.
Sometimes his eyes would harden and his lips would thin. Sam figured that was when he was praying to the Father he wasn’t sure any of them really believed in anymore to bring Dean back. Or, maybe praying wasn’t the right word. Threatening. Demanding.
“Yes,” Cas said. “Dean and I are both well aware of his memory problems. But I hardly see how it matters.”
“But does it say for sure?” Dean asked. “This thing needs to be stopped.”
“This is ridiculous,” Cas said. “Are you telling me we’re not even going home to pick up some clothes?”
“Small miracles,” Cas said. “And now I really do have to go. I shouldn’t be later than ten.”
Dean shrugged and rubbed the back of his neck. “You’re pretty good company, Cas.”
Cas’ jaw dropped and he let out an involuntary gasp when he saw what was in the margins. It looked just like his textbook, except for the fact that his loopy cursive was absent, Dean’s untidy scrawl covering every blank inch.
Cas kicked Dean under the table and while Dean yelped, turned calmly to Garth and said, “Just the usual wine, please, Garth.”
Sam rolled his eyes. “I’ve seen you in worse situations,” he said. “Besides, I needed the element of surprise to make it in here. You’ve been avoiding me all week.”
“You’re not pathetic, Dean,” Cas said, the smile gone now.
“Let’s go,” Dean said. He handed Jo his flashlight and gripped his bat in both hands. “I think Ava was leading us somewhere.”
Dean winced. “Uh…”
God, it gave him the good kind of chills. Dean was
Cas just shrugged. “I have a very healthy appetite. Now hurry and finish your coffee. You better be done with it by the time I get dressed.”
Dean’s ears turned red, as if he had been caught singing along to Taylor Swift (again) rather than studying in bed.
Dean jumped at the touch to his shoulder.
Dean turned his grin to Sam. “You, Sammy, are looking at the proud owners of a private island.”
“Dammit, Cas, you gotta be more careful,” Dean told him after Cas had finally admitted what had happened. They had just locked the front door after the last patron left when Dean had spotted the bandage Cas had wrapped around his thumb which had taken the brunt of the burn.
Cas slid closer to Dean and wrapped him in his arms. He propped his chin on Dean’s shoulder. “I’m sorry you are going through all of this again.”
“It’s for my peace of mind, Cas,” Dean told him. “Besides, you’re losing blood. You’re looking paler than Charlie over there.”
“What about you?” Cas asked after a few minutes.
Cas cleared his throat and shrugged. “Yes,” he said. “And it was obvious that it needed some color.”
Cas nodded. “She’s already confirmed it.”
“I miss you,” Dean said into the phone.
Sam reached Dean’s voicemail for the fourth time and cursed. He had just gotten out of class and checked his messages when he saw that their dad had paid Dean a visit at his work. And now Dean wasn’t answering his phone and Sam had a horrible feeling in the pit of his stomach.
“Oh yeah, real sorry. See if I feel like fooling around with you later.” He crossed his arms and turned around.
“Dad, I swear to god,” Dean said, still actively having to push Cas back, “if you keep talking I’m going to let Cas finish what he started.”
“Thank you,” Cas said. “I find you quite awe inspiring as well.”
They all looked down, and in Sam’s hand, glinting in the light from their flashlights was—
He grabbed the phone off the receiver and sat in one of the chairs at the kitchen table and listened to it ring before it was answered with a bright, "Dean-o!"
Sam sniffed and wiped his nose. “Nothing,” he said.
Dean brought his knees up and hugged them to his chest.
Dean snorted. “You’re such a doof,” he said, shoving him playfully in the shoulder.
That was when Ava moved. Her head snapped up and she charged them. The four of them screamed, but Ava veered at the last second and took off into the woods.
Dean’s mouth worked open and closed but no sound came out. He did point between the fire and Castiel as though that would relay his message of shock and awe.
“He’s my son,” John said, voice gruff in warning.
Charlie narrowed her eyes. “Something’s fishy about this whole thing,” she said. “But as long as you two are happy I guess I can drop it.”
“Well I—wait, what?” Dean’s brow furrowed.
“You will not touch him,” Cas said slowly, enunciating each word.
“I’m not ‘taking up’ baking,” Cas said, the air quotes apparent in his tone even though he managed to refrain from bringing his hands up. “I simply wanted to do something nice for you.”
Cas circled his arms around Dean’s shoulders. “Fifty,” he replied.
“Dean.”
“I am not adorable,” Dean grumbled. “I’m fierce. Like… like a lion or something.”
“I finally get to meet Bobby?” Cas asked, flicking his eyes up to Dean’s for a moment before settling back on his lips.
Sam snickered behind his hand, hoping that the sound wouldn’t block out Dean’s words on his camera recording. So far Dean hadn’t even noticed the phone in his brother’s hand, instead choosing to expound upon the many great qualities of his favorite nurse.
“I’ll come back to say goodbye before I leave,” Cas promised, turning around to face Dean. With a nod to both of the brothers, he left.
“Dammit, boy, you better tell me what the hell kind of creature I let in my house and then give me a
Dean nodded, taking a deep breath as he walked over to Bobby’s desk.
“Ca-as,” Dean moaned, as Cas kneaded his flesh and began to gently rock their hips together. Cas fitted his mouth to Dean’s and swallowed his next moan.
Gabe huffed. “Alright fine, you’re back in the club,” he told Dean. “But you’re bringing the snacks for the next meeting.” He turned back around in his seat. “And no canoodling back there, you hear me? Cassie is the baby of the family and I will not have him treated like some common tart.”
“He’s got twenty minutes,” Sam said with a shrug.
“We work out together?” Dean asked.
“That was so shitty of those assholes,” Jo said. “If they ever come out of hiding, I’ll kick their asses.”
“What about him?” Charlie asked.
Cas nodded. “That is a yes.”
“And I’m telling you that you’re full of shit,” Sam replied. “You just can’t stand that your perfect little soldier broke free from you and now you’re trying to demonize the person who helped him. I’m not going to help you with that.”
Oh god, Dean was pathetic. He was crying in the middle of a bar. Actual tears were coming out of his eyes. Sounds he would never admit to making were coming out of his mouth in front of a hot guy. (Well, he thinks he’s hot. Dean can’t really see straight, but the dark haired dude sitting next to him had a sexy as fuck voice, so he had to be hot, too, right?) And the hot guy was interested in him. At least, he’s pretty sure that the dude asked to buy him a drink. If Dean wasn’t so pathetic he may have accepted. It’s not like his dad was here to judge. Maybe he should have said yes. There was something oddly comforting about the complete stranger that was probably hot sitting next to him. He should have said yes and then they could have had a drink and then maybe they could have had the apple pie life together like he never let himself dream about. He could still hunt, but he wouldn’t have to, and things could have been okay. He would have been so happy, probably, and maybe if he proved he could have a life like that then Sammy would come back and they could live an apple pie life together. Not like
Dean rolled his eyes. “I’m still alive aren’t I?”
“I need a favor,” he said.
“You’re welcome.” He led Sam into the living room where Dean was sitting with his arms crossed and a petulant look on his face like he had been put on time out.
Castiel didn’t know what any of it meant. The notes in the margins were becoming more confusing than the actual text, and Cas was the first to admit that biology wasn’t his best subject. It was just harmless flirting, right? It had to be. Dean still winked at Lisa Braeden every time she passed by the two of them. He wouldn’t do that if they were actually a thing. Cas figured as long as whatever they were doing never made it out of the textbook then he would just ignore it. That’s not to say he didn’t enjoy it—it was his favorite part of the day—he just couldn’t let himself hope for more.
“Good,” he replied and marched right back into the room to give Dean another kiss. This one was softer, sweeter. None of the righteous fury of their first. “I will be back as soon as I find a worthy gift.” And with that he was gone, leaving Dean to try and recalibrate his brain after his second unexpected kiss of the day.
annoyingly adorable as a couple but now that I’m part of one, you’re not so bad.”
and as much as Dean and Sam trusted Bobby with their lives, they didn’t know how he’d react to a good “monster”.
“Dean, may I come in?” Cas’ voice was soft through the door, and Dean considered pretending like he hadn’t heard before there was another knock, this time accompanied by a, “Please?”
“If you don’t want to go, it’s okay,” Cas said. “But we would appreciate you letting us borrow your knife.”
And why would Cas stay, anyway? Dean was cured now. No more bloodlust freaking everyone out, no more death looming just on the horizon. Cas was free knowing that Dean was safe. It’s not like there was anything keeping him here.
Sam looked down and saw twisting red symbols covering the floor, but before he could make a move to do as Cas had asked, he found his arms locked behind his back.
Cas let out a small chuckle. “Hopefully he can forgive us this one time. It’s not a real forest, after all.”
Cas and Dean won the game.
“Great!” Dean said just as the bell rang, signaling the end of lunch.
“Dean!”
“So Sam,” Dean started, Sam frantically shaking his head to try and get him to stop. “Veritaserum is some pretty powerful stuff. How’d you get it?”
“Yes, but the problem is that it hasn’t arrived yet and I need to get it by today so that I can ask him before the dance tomorrow!”
“So, uh…” Dean started. “What exactly did Charlie say?”
“I just don’t think it’s what happened,” Cas said.
Sam couldn’t help the laughter that bubbled out of him at that. His phone shook in his hand, blurring the recording of Dean, but he still got the incriminating evidence. “You just want to be an astronaut?” Sam repeated, once his laughter had died down enough for him to speak.
“Dean, you cannot be mad at him for not knowing the things you deliberately kept from him.”
“Hm?” Dean asked, keeping his eyes closed tightly.
“Who the hell are you?” Dean asked, coming off a little meaner than he had intended. He was just embarrassed he had lost control of his powers in such a huge way. That hadn’t happened in years.
Dean dropped onto the bed and put his head in his hands.
Cas kept his composure for a few more moments while looking Dean straight in the eye. “Dean…”
“I will not be put under house arrest just because you’re afraid a measly human hunter can actually—“
“What?”
, but—“
It was Charlie’s turn to let out a snort. “Like Cas wouldn’t tear the world apart to find you.”
. “Did you hear what they’re saying?”
“Whoever that was just broke my arm like it was nothing,” John said, opening up the medicine cabinet and searching through it. “And his eyes glowed when he did it. That thing ain’t a human. Humans don’t have that kind of power.”
“You know that Ansem kid?” Cas said, walking past Dean into the house.
Dean snorted. “I wouldn’t dream of it, Cas,” he said. Then, “Wait, why are you assuming you’re going to win this next argument?”
“Oh, thank god,” he said, leaving the brothers to their fight and going to answer the door.
“We should get him to a hospital,” Charlie said from behind him.
“Did he see you?”
When there was no answer Dean knocked on the door. “Sammy!” He opened the door.
“Oh?” Dean asked.
“There’s just, uh, one more problem, then.” Dean hardly had to raise his voice to be heard over the music, the two of them were so close.
Dean felt the sudden urge to kiss his boyfriend. Not for the first time, and certainly not for the last, but for once he didn’t act on it. “What are we waiting for?” he asked the group at large.
Jess stroked a thumb across his cheek. “Sam, you are the nicest, most selfless person I know. If you didn’t see it, then that just means he didn’t want you to see it.”
“Dean!” Cas shouted. He wished he could fly, but his wings were too large to navigate through all of the low hanging branches. Instead, he kept his wings tucked into his back and ran, feet pounding the packed dirt beneath him. He heard a shout, a grunt, and then a thud. “Dean!” he shouted again, increasing his speed until he was going as fast as he could.
Cas let out a roar of anguish. “You can’t break a bond without a willing party!”
“Sam!” Ava shouted again.
“I thought it was just planes,” Dean said. He peeked both eyes open before slamming them shut again. “Flying metal death tubes shooting through the air with nothing but the grace of god keeping them up? I don’t even believe in the guy, so no thank you.” He took a deep breath. “Thought I’d be fine if I had wings of my own, you know?” He shook his head and let out a shaky laugh. “Turns out I just don’t like heights.”
—and—“ There was another elbow in the side from Sam. “I’m just going to go and die of embarrassment now.”
They ended up staying at Charlie’s until dinner. Jo’s mom called around six, berating her daughter for not informing her of the change in plans. After that, Cas, Dean, and Sam thought it would be best to stave off any angry reprimands by going home on their own.
“Nope,” Charlie said gleefully. “This is what you get for owning your own business.”
“Dude,” Sam said. “This—this is a lot, I don’t know if I can—“
“I shouldn’t be punished for being adventurous.”
Cas rolled his eyes. “I meant the dumpsters.”
“Oh god.”
“I’m sorry,” Cas repeated.
He could practically hear Bobby’s eye roll through the phone. “If you’re old, what the hell does that make me?”
Bobby looked between the brothers, a bit nervously, and said, “Uh, well. John seems more manic about this one than I’ve seen in years.”
“Hey,” Dean said, pushing the door open all the way and leaning against the jamb. “You okay?”
Castiel crouched atop the stone pillar, looking like a gothic gargoyle with his two large, black wings spread behind him, ten feet on either side. The sky was a deep purple, streaked with pinks and blues that were in the process of giving way to a midnight black. The cityscape below him was in shambles, bombed out, mostly rubble. The few taller buildings that had managed to remain standing tall had flames erupting from blown out windows or even the gaping holes they had acquired during the onslaught.
“I’m very proud of you, my love,” Cas told him.
“Not your fault,” he whispered as his vision began closing to pinpricks. “It’s okay. I’m here.”
Dean let out a laugh.
“I want a normal life, Gabriel,” Cas said, standing on wobbly legs. “Besides, you’re the one that told me to get out more.”
So awesome, in fact, that the wand Dean had still been holding had stopped its trickle of snow and instead sent out a rather large and explosive series of sparks, catching one of the desks on fire.
“’M not,” he mumbled in reply. “Just… my mom always used to tell me that angels were watching over me, you know? And… and I don’t know if I believe that because if they were, then… then they would have been watching over her and she’d still be okay. But—but maybe she could still be…” He let his sentence trail off with a sigh.
He debated for a moment between walking through the trees to look for his adversary or flying above them again to aid in his search. The tree cover was a little thick to see movement on the ground to be honest, but Cas couldn’t deny that he was not looking forward to walking through those trees alone. Dean was supposed to be here. He was supposed to be helping. But of course, Cas got his hopes up just to have them dashed. This was just like that time Gabriel had thought he had finally figured out how their dad had transferred possession of his adversary, but to no avail. It’s never to any avail.
“I don’t know, I just asked you!”
“What?” they asked in unison.
Dean threw on a grin. “What are you talking about? I had my snotnose kid brother to keep me company.”
“Not what I meant, Cas,” Dean laughed, giving Cas’ hand a reassuring squeeze. “I wonder who bet against us.”
“What the hell are you?” John demanded from the floor where he was trying to push himself up with his good arm. He had a split lip and his nose was pouring blood.
,” Sam repeated as if the two of them just weren’t understanding what a big deal this was.
noticed. How could I not notice, Jess? He’s my brother and I just—just let myself think the worst of him when really he was just trying to get by. And then I left him with our dad.” Sam shook his head and with a bitter twist to his mouth, added, “No wonder he hates me for leaving. I hate me, too.”
“No!” Dean shouted, and with a roar of his own, ran to his husband. He was too far, he wasn’t going to get there in time to stop his dad, but then Sam came running and tackled their father to the ground.
Dean snorted. “Cas is loaded, dude. All those hordes of gold.”
“Thanks,” he mumbled, climbing into bed next to him.
Silence stretched out between them, but Dean didn’t recoil from Cas’ touch, which he took as a victory.
“Yeah, but I don’t call people losers for talking about Star Trek.”
Cas sighed. “We live next to a law school, Dean. A rather prestigious one, at that. One where someone of Sam’s caliber would definitely be able to get in.”
“Morning, sunshine,” Dean told him brightly as he slumped into a seat next to Sam.
and this was heaven? “What?” he asked again, oh so eloquently.
“I know, Cas,” Dean replied softly. “I know.”
“No, I don’t want to get left behind. These woods are creepy and I just want to—“
“It’s not going to work,” Dean told him. “You need a willing party to break a bond. Just let me go.” He tried flexing in his bonds again, but there was still no give. He let out a frustrated shout. Looking over to his father who was now rummaging around in a black duffel bag placed just inside the large circle he had painted on the ground, he said, “Please, dad. I have literally never asked you for anything in my life. I did everything you ever asked me. Just please,
Castiel had to deal with burning cheeks for the rest of the period.
Dean nodded dumbly. “Yeah, Cas. I think I believe you.”
“Oh, okay,” Sam said. “I’ll be there in a minute.”
“Men,” Charlie shook her head.
"Uncle Gabey?" Cas asked with a raised brow.
“Don’t listen to him,” Cas said. “He doesn’t take compliments well, especially when they’re so well deserved.”
He slammed the book closed and focused all of his attention on Ms. Harvelle’s explanation of how a punnett square worked.
“You’ll be a proper Winchester in no time,” Dean said.
“Shut up, I do n—“ Dean gasped. “
“Yes, Dean?”
nice time dancing with Vic—“
Dean took a deep breath and let it out. He could do this. He could push the total, soul crushing agony he was feeling way deep down, bury it under ten pounds of denial and his usual cocky grin. He gave Cas a pat on the shoulder. “Good talk,” he said. “But now I gotta pee. Save me a spot in the snack line?”
Cas cleared his throat. “I suppose,” he replied.
“Okay, not going there,” Sam said, putting the picture down on a side table. A short silence followed before Sam cleared his throat and said, “I’m really sorry, guys.”
Sam bit his lip, wondering how much he should push. “Was it—I mean, were you together? With Cas?”
By the time he made it to Dean and Cas’ quiet neighborhood home, he was forty minutes late. He figured they’d understand since he made a quick detour to the hospital where Jess worked in case his dad was following him, which he definitely wouldn’t put past him.
“Well, I’ve been thinking a lot about what I want for a present,” he breathed into Cas’ ear.
“A dog?” Cas asked, head tilted. “Why?”
Cas heard him mumble, “Pull it together, Winchester!” before taking another deep breath and letting it out slowly. He opened his eyes and this time they had a look of fierce determination. “Okay, I got this.” He gave a sharp nod and then groaned. “Oh god, I looked down.”
“Yes,” Cas answered with a firm nod.
“You guys sound insane,” Jo told them.
“You were in on this, too?” Sam accused, turning to Cas.
Cas smiled through the morning rush, he usually did with Dean at his side stealing small touches here and there as they reached across each other for pastry bags and to-go boxes, fingers lingering as they passed coffees and espressos. He knew that Gabriel meant well with wanting him to take it easy, but Dean—and all of it really—was what made his life worth living. He’d always had a purpose, sure; he had been born with a very specific one in mind, but that’s all he had been before he stumbled into Dean’s bakery. A purpose rather than a person. And he couldn’t give up his personhood. He wouldn’t.
"No, it's not," Dean sighed again. "He says I should have listened to you."
“That doesn’t make me dramatic,” Dean argued. “That makes me pathetic.”
Shaking his head, he led the way back to the living room.
“Can I stay with you again?” Sam asked, hugging his pillow to his chest.
“Dean, I love you,” Cas said. “I truly do.” He bent to grab the remote and then just dropped to his knees to be eye level with Dean. He held the remote in front of Dean’s face. “But if you call me out here one more time to grab you the remote I’m going to find a marathon of Toddlers in Tiaras, put it on, and then smash the remote beyond repair.”
They made their way into the living room and plopped down onto the couch. Dean turned and laid down on it, draping his legs across Cas’ lap and leaning his head back against the armrest.
“Yeah, but you hit puberty and your eyes went straight to Marion. Dean’s stayed right on Indy. Wasn’t too hard to figure out the kid batted for both teams after that.”
Dean’s cheeks and ears reddened. “What?” he spluttered. “I can’t just ask Castiel out!”
“Shit,” Dean said, rubbing a hand down his face. “What did he say?”
He whipped his phone out and texted Sam what was happening. He toyed with the idea of telling Cas as well, but eventually decided against having Cas storm down here in a fit of rage and accidentally on purpose kill his father.
“I plan on it,” Cas told him.
“Sam!” Jess reprimanded.
But Dean shook his head. “Just drop it. Cas needs his coffee.”
Bobby’s eyes flicked over to Sam who silently implored him to agree. “Uh, yeah. I did, yeah.”
Cas turned to Sam. “Try calling him.”
Sam snorted that time, and finally spun around to face Dean. “And that would be a major tragedy,” he said. “How would you make out with your boyfriend?”
Dean glanced at the picture. It was a shot of him kissing Cas’ cheek at sunset on the beach. It had been their honeymoon.
Castiel sighed. No, he did not want to play a game. He was so sick and tired of games. “Just come out and fight me,” he growled.
“Dean…”
“Is there any coffee left?” Cas asked, leaving Dean’s side to check the pot. “Dean, would you like some?”
Dean crawled over Cas and sat on his lap. “I think I’d go crazy if I didn’t have anything to do all day.”
“Prank?” Dean asked weakly, and a little offended.
“I keep tellin’ ya to hire more people, Dean. You can’t do everything by yourself.”
. Dean
“What? No way,” Jess answered earnestly. “Who told you that? Did Dean tell you that?”
“Hey, did you know that St. Valentine was also the patron saint of beekeeping?”
“Well, then I guess hand jobs are off the table until it heals,” Cas deadpanned.
“Babe, I have to go to work,” Dean murmured, trying to pull out of Cas’ cocoon.
Dean was brought out of his musings by a soft
“Yeah.” Gabe allowed them a moment to bask in the sincere moment, then added. “You two’ll be bangin’ by week’s end.”
Sam, who had been making his retreat, turned around at the door to call back, “Says the man who raised me without them. Jerk.” And then he was past the door and on his way to the library.
minutes. Ew, were you two making out?”
Grumbling, Cas relaxed back into his arms.
Dean sighed. “Look, I haven’t been paying attention in class because I’ve been writing to you, okay? I was just going over the stuff I was supposed to in class. Is that really that big of a deal?”
Cas turned his head and saw Dean sprawled on the ground.
The door opened to Cas giving him a heated glare. Pissed was an understatement.
Mary and Dean both glanced at Sam who was nibbling on a piece of pizza crust with his knees pulled tight to his chest, glazed eyes resting on the television screen.
And then it was just Dean and Cas. On a date.
“He sounded just like my dad,” Dean whispered. “And I—I just…
Sam tightened his grip where he was clutching Dean’s shirt.
Dean was groggy when he woke up. Groggy with a killer headache. It took him a few moments to remember what happened and why he was tied to a chair. When he did he cursed.
Cas rolled his eyes. “Come on, he’s downstairs and has at least five bags with him. And no,” he cut Dean off before he could comment, “I don’t know why he needs so many for a four day trip. And no,” he held up a hand to cut off the question he could see forming on his boyfriend’s lips, “I’m not going to ask. I do not want to be scarred for life. Again.”
Sam and Jess’ jaws nearly hit the table.
Dean gave him a peck on the cheek. “How did I get so lucky?” he asked with a dopey smile.
“It’s pretty funny.”
Dean laughed and snaked his arm around Cas’ waist as they made their way to the door. “You know, I still don’t know what the French word for twelve is.”
“Holy shit,” he breathed. “You have wings.”
Sam nodded, but Dean was sure he hadn’t actually heard him.
“Why do you care?” Dean gave him a funny look.
“Oh, uh…” Cas said.
“Yes, that sounds good,” Cas told him, walking towards Dean who had managed to back himself into a table. Cas grabbed his shoulder to help steady him.
“Castiel Novak, if we get out of here—“
Cas kept his eyes peeled for any type of movement through the rubble that wasn’t a flickering flame. It was why the blow to the back of his head came as such a shock.
Dean could play the intimidation game, too. He spread his metal wings out behind himself in a pretty impressive display, if he did say so himself. Out of the corners of his eyes he could see the flames reflected on the blades of his wings. He’d never been so mad to not have a camera, not that he’d be able to bring the photos out of Cas’ dreams anyway, but still. Dean looked
Dean pulled off long enough to murmur, “Skip it.”
“Ansem kept telling people he had seen the monster,” Cas said.
“Of course I do,” Sam replied. “That’s what I told him, but we all know that when it comes to Cas your word is law, and mine’s the footnote in a law book.”
“Oh, wait,” Sam said.
Cas paused at the door and turned an inquisitive eye back on his patient.
“Dean.”
Mary, of course, didn’t believe in the monster, but that hint… She was so tired of hearing about it. Exhausted and exasperated and frightened and Dean was the one who started it all.
“Cas?” Dean asked, but Cas ignored him and rushed closer to get a better look at his neck.
“Thanks,” Cas gave him a small smile. “I didn’t actually swallow a dictionary, but Gabriel swears he saw me chewing on a thesaurus when I was little.”
“Oh, so now you’re just inviting strangers into your house? Dammit, boy. I know you ain’t a hunter anymore, but I expect you still got some common sense locked up in that head of yours.”
“His husband.” Cas slipped back in the room easily enough, having stunned Sam into a momentary daze with the information.
The search was fruitless. They searched everywhere. Looking for any sign of any of the children but there was nothing. Not even a suspiciously bent twig, according to the police. Dean tried telling them they needed to look closer, to look where they saw the monster in the first place, but the police and volunteers had checked the area already and there was nothing. Nothing.
“Dean,” Cas said, exasperation creeping into his voice.
“I’m sorry,” Cas said again. “Maybe he’ll drop it now. He knows you want to just put this behind you.”
“Sam—“
“Thank you,” Cas said as he sat down stiffly upon the hard plastic.
“Look, get to the point, Cas,” Dean said. “I want to go to sleep.”
“Aw, miss me that much?” Cas asked, smirk evident even over the phone.
“Keep fightin’ him, Sammy,” Dean said, clapping him on the shoulder. Sam didn’t respond. “We’ll get the rest.”
“That’s good,” Jo said. “Barely teens have a much higher survival rate than regular teens. Nobody is sexually active, right?”
“You haven’t stopped smiling since you got here,” she told him.
Dean nodded. “Would you happen to have any reinforced spell glass?”
“Uh, I think the phrase you used was ‘some common tart,’” Dean said.
“You should probably put your wand away,” he told him, voice leaking with laughter.
“Get away from him, Sam,” John said. “This is for his own good. That thing got in his head and messed with it. Do you really think he’d be with a monster?”
Cas shook his head.
“What took you guys so long?” Sam asked.
“Please, stop!” Sam pressed his hands over his ears. Dean and Cas just smirked at each other. Once Sam was sure that they were done, he lowered his hands.
Sam hugged him tightly and sobbed into his shirt. “I tried to kill you.”
Dean rubbed a hand over his face. He would
“Good. Just so we’re clear on how Cassie should be treated.” He glared at Dean a little longer.
to talk to Cas. He’s been wandering around like a lost little puppy when he’s not being seriously terrifying firing off clip after clip.”
Then all the lights in the room and surrounding hall went out in a cloud of sparks.
Jo rolled her eyes. “I’m still not one hundred percent on this,” she said. “I mean, I’m still not one hundred percent on there actually
“Thank you,” Dean said. “But still, two against me, and one of them my own boyfriend!”
. So just drop it.”
“Does he know?”
embarrassing, right? He couldn’t be the only person on the planet who didn’t have anyone.
“Dramatic,” Cas muttered under his breath.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Not going to happen, Charlie.”
“The instructor.”
Dean turned his head a fraction so that only Cas could see him. “Love you, too, angel. But how mad would you be if I got arrested for fratricide tonight?”
Jo and Dean rolled her eyes, but Cas took two steps forward and enveloped Dean in a hug. Dean let himself fall into it, but only for a moment. He pulled away and gave Cas a tight smile before turning to face the woods. The others did the same, their four silhouettes lined up at the tree line.
“You going to fuck me over my desk again, babe?” Dean asked, the effect of his cheeky smirk lessened somewhat by the large bite of burger he had just taken.
“Dean?” Sam said softly about five minutes later.
Dean forced a smile on his face. The night before hadn’t exactly been comfortable, but Sam had been silently freaking out all day, and Dean sort of had been, too, if he was being honest. Sam had tried to leave the house last night, in his sleep. And who knows if it actually would have happened if Dean hadn’t heard him. At least this way he’d know for sure if Sam tried to get up in the middle of the night and not have to wait up listening for him.
“Yes,” Cas replied. “I figured you deserved it for spraining your knee bravely chasing after a mugger.”
“Yeah, Cas,” Dean said with a little laugh. “That was clear.”
Dean nodded mutely. “Thanks.”
“Not everyone, Mr. Winchester.” Cas paused to give him an oddly penetrating look. “I’ll go tell the doctor you’re awake.” He turned and began walking away.
Gabe just laughed. “Sounding indignant might work if I couldn’t see proof of your handiwork,” he said, pulling Cas’ hand away from his neck. He gave a low whistle. “Aren’t you supposed to be having dinner with the family? That won’t make things awkward at all.”
,” Charlie replied. “
“Seriously,” Dean said. “What the heck are you guys doing chilling in the kitchen?”
“Oh my god,” Jo said. “I can’t believe a creepy possessed kid just pulled a ‘made-you-look’ on us.”
“Meat lovers, it is,” Dean said, pulling his phone out of his pocket and dialing. “There still beer in the fridge?”
Dean bit the inside of his cheek to keep from replying. Cas’ dad had left when he was seven, leaving a recently returned from duty Gabriel to look after him. Cas had come to peace with it, but Dean, who had had to watch his best friend cry himself to sleep every night for a week, hadn’t. He supposed it also didn’t help that Dean’s own father had left not too long ago, the wound fresh enough to make Dean’s knuckles go white where he was clenching them.
“Did you just have a panic attack?” Sam asked softly from where he had watched everything in wide eyed shock.
Cas just shrugged. “There’s only one way to find out.”
He was stupid. So,
Dean closed his eyes and tried to calm himself down. “Get out,” he managed to grit through his teeth. “Get out before I—“
Dean huffed angrily. “Like a lost and found or something? There’s gotta be a couple that no one’s using, right?”
Dean rolled his eyes and followed. “You’re always starving,” he called to Cas, who was already halfway down the stairs.
“Hey!” Dean said.
“Okay,” Sam repeated brightly. “I’ll see you guys next week for dinner.”
“I’m sorry,” he heard the teen say behind him. “I didn’t mean to, I didn’t know what I was doing.”
That just put a smirk on Dean’s face. “Let’s prank him.”
“Well what’s the mistake you’re trying to fix this time, Cas? Huh?”
Sam looked back and forth between them all, but it seems Ava had finally had enough and marched down to where the three boys were. She grabbed the front of Sam’s shirt and began pulling him forward at an aggressive pace.
“Dad, you can’t do this!” Dean tried yet again, but his father continued to ignore him, chanting something from a large leather tome. “Dad, I swear he’s not doing anything to me. I love him, okay! I love—“
Sam caught his eye and gave him a
Dean pulled over to the side of the road and put the impala in park. “Please?” he asked, reaching out and taking Cas’ hand in his own.
They both glared at each other as Jo pushed his hand away, agreeing in silence that their mutual blackmail called for a truce.
Cas smiled as well. “To be fair, he knew a lot of them from deployment before he opened his donut shop.”
“Please,” Dean said. “I just want to sleep. We can talk about this in the morning, but babe I have to sleep.”
“God, Cas, drop it, okay? You’ll find out later.”
“I heard that,” Charlie said, tugging on some strands of her curly brown hair. The look that passed between them lasted a little too long.
“It’s a pretty big mistake.”
“Well, either way he won’t be able to. No one even knows where the Sword of Bruncvik is, and I don’t know of any other swords forged in dragon’s blood that haven’t been destroyed.”
“Why do you care if he knows where you are?” he asked. “He’s known where I was these past five years and the only time he ever came to see me was when he asked for help looking for you.”
“Well, it’s not like they’re a real threat,” Cas said. “No offense.”
Sam seemed to shake himself out of whatever stupor he’d been in and turned to face them, looking surprised to see them. “What?”
Dean was stuffed. He couldn’t remember the last time he had eaten so well. Not that his dad didn’t feed him, but his dad sure as hell never shelled out the extra cash for an ice cream sundae. But Bobby had.
“Yes,” Cas replied. “But you may do so again.”
That’s what he told himself, anyway, as he pitched the tent in the late afternoon sun, as he went fishing at the lake, as he sat to build a fire in the dying light. He was perfectly fine by himself. Perfectly. Fine.
“Dude,
“Of course, my love,” he replied easily. “Now what’s wrong?”
The day of Dean and Cas’ wedding (more like the day of their appointment at the courthouse) Sam hid all of their clothes save for their light up sweaters. He was almost too annoyed at the fact that they didn’t even seem to notice they were getting married in the most hideous sweaters on the planet to be happy for them. Almost.
Cas walked over as quietly as possible and grabbed it. He began to unzip it before he remembered that he hadn’t brought any work home since he and Dean had finished it all while they waited for Sam to get out of soccer practice.
“Sammy, in a hurry,” Dean said as he began his brisk pace towards Bobby’s office again. “Ask Meg or the answer is no. I’m not putting a magical extension on Baby - “
“Sam,” Cas said, his face as serious and intense as it is while studying for finals, “is that true?”
“What can I say, Charlie?” Dean said. “Our spark just refuses to fade.”
“Can I bring someone?”
“You a prude, Sammy?” Dean asked.
“But you forget,” Cas said, walking past him and into their bedroom so he could change out of his sweaty clothes, “you’re the psychic one. I can’t read your mind and know when you’re being ridiculous.”
Dean was sitting at the bar. Had been for the past couple of hours and the bartender he was ordering from was getting more and more blurry by the minute. He thinks he remembers her being hot, but now she was just a spinning mixture of blonde hair, bright lips, and the cheesy bar logo of a leprechaun on her shirt. She was probably new because he should have been cut off at least three drinks ago. Then again, he wasn’t acting rowdy or anything. He was just sitting there quietly, slowly poisoning his liver and wishing it would hurry up and kill him. Maybe. Not really. He didn’t want to die, he just didn’t want the life he had. Well, he wouldn’t mind the life he had yesterday. That life had been alright. Not great, but alright.
“You did great, babe,” he could hear Dean telling Cas as they followed behind him.
Sam rolled his eyes. “I don’t think Bobby was serious when he threatened to shoot dad, Dean. Besides, that was like fifteen years ago.”
They were both smiling too much for the next few kisses to land, so instead they rested their foreheads together, breath mingling.
Bobby just shrugged. “This him?” he asked, coming to stand in front of Cas.
“You can have everything you’ve ever wanted.”
“Why did we only bring one stupid holy water knife?” she demanded angrily. “And why are the stupid woods so dark at night?”
Sam slid into the backseat with an eyeroll.
“Then tell me how to undo this!” he whispered furiously.
Castiel chuckled. “Yes, but I prefer it when people call me Cas.”
“Well, I’m kind of on a time crunch. I was hoping to avoid lengthy explanations like this one. Cas is kind of waiting for me.”
“But he
Dean choked on his bite and Cas blushed just a bit.
“Thank you, Bobby,” Dean called, already halfway out the door.
It was Sam’s turn to go a little green around the gills.
Dean shrugged and got in the back seat and, after a moment’s indecision, Cas pushed him further in and followed.
“Thank you,” he replied, taking a seat across from them at the table they had taken.
“Because it doesn’t exist,” Jo muttered under her breath. The other three ignored her comment like they had to the dozens of others she’d made.
“Yeah, why?” Dean sat taller in his chair and puffed his chest out. “You got something to say about that?”
“Dean,” Cas replied with a smile of his own and stepped aside to let him in. “Charlie and Jo aren’t coming until later, right?”
Sam was sitting at his desk, staring out of his window at the dying sunset.
Dean rubbed a hand over his face. “Meg asked Cas to the dance.”
And fuck, he was having another episode. He hadn’t had one this bad in years. Not since the nightmares had subsided.
Cas narrowed his eyes. “You are taking your anger out on me and I do not appreciate it, Dean.”
And then someone stepped out from behind it. Sam. Shaggy hair, pajamas two inches too short because he was growing faster than their mom could buy him clothes, kind hearted, pain in the butt little brother,
“I was trying to grab my crutches so I could go to the kitchen.”
Once he was gone, Sam turned to Dean. “I’m glad you got your happy ending, too, Dean.”
Dean stared at them. They didn’t listen to Sam when he told them. They wouldn’t listen to him either. But he had to tell them something, right? He had to at least try.
Dean groaned. “Are you sure we can’t hang out tomorrow?”
Cas stood up abruptly. “I will take care of this,” he said. “You should hide somewhere before Dean decides he wants to take revenge before the Veritaserum wears off.”
“I was a beginner. I was distracted.” Cas crossed his arms.
He blinked the water out of his eyes and spit the last of the water out of his mouth, his coughing fit now over. He quickly scanned the sky for Cas but only saw a large black dot. Dean clicked his tongue. He had been hoping to fight up there in zero gravity, but he guessed he’d just have to wait for Cas to regale him with the details later.
Dean rolled his eyes. “We weren’t
Cas shrugged. "I don't know what you're talking about, Dean." He kept his smile in place, this time making it look more demure.
“A guy can’t be happy to have breakfast with his older brother?” Sam asked, feigning hurt with a hand over his heart and everything.
Dean snorted. “Sleep. Too tired for sex.”
A smile grew on Cas’ face. He walked over to Dean and took him by the upper arm. “Like this.” Cas closed his eyes and put a little effort behind the thought. When he opened his eyes he was met with a breathtaking sight.
“Why are you doing this?” Sam demanded.
“Dean, we need to get upstairs,” Cas said, guiding him towards the stairs.
“I am cool,” he squeaked. “Am I not being cool?”
“Traditionally speaking, that was a fairly horrible proposal,” Cas replied.
Dean let out a sigh and tried again. “I know stars aren’t people, they’re like giant balls of gas, or whatever. But like, in a not-sciencey way… do you think that maybe that’s where…” Dean’s hand began fidgeting underneath Cas’, until he finally flipped it over so that their hands could rest palm to palm. “Do you think maybe that’s where heaven is? That maybe they’re people watching over us?”
,” Charlie said. “He just followed her around like a lost puppy after that.”
A knife was sticking out of Cas’ chest when he stood. He looked down at the hilt and with a small grin pulled it out and let it clatter to the floor.
He swam through the air slowly, clumsy in his movements but confident that he still had the upper hand.
Sam rolled his eyes as John finally left his apartment. Once he was sure that John had actually left, he checked his watch and sighed. He was already supposed to be at Dean and Cas’. He grabbed his wallet and sent off a quick text to let them know he was on his way before setting off, making sure to lock his door behind himself.
“Not peaceful,” Cas replied and Dean laughed. “But it was fun. Gabriel nearly fell out of the boat at one point. It was hilarious but I think it scared all the fish away. How was your day?”
Both of them rose early the next morning, not out of necessity, but out of nerves. Even Cas didn’t seem to be as grumpy as usual before his first cup of coffee, but he did seem more on edge. He kept slamming his mug down a little too forcefully, sloshing coffee onto the table.
The next few days were awkward with just the two of them alone together again. Neither seemed to be able to stay in the same room with the other for more than a few minutes. Dean had become withdrawn and distant, and Cas couldn’t help but to notice that they were going through their stash of whiskey faster than normal.
“You and Cas need to get upstairs, now,” he said, coming into the kitchen to pierce them with a grave look.
Dean turned back to his dad. “Will you get the fuck out of my house, already? You’re not welcome here. This is my home, the home I made with my husband, and if I see you here again I’m going to let him do whatever he wants to you.” He stood to his full height and tried to look as intimidating as possible. “Got it?”
Sam knew that Cas was spending almost all of his time working on his aim or pumping iron, convinced that he was at fault for Dean’s capture and that was why Dean didn’t want him in the bunker anymore. He also knew that it was only a matter of time before Cas left, thinking himself completely unwelcome if he couldn’t prove himself as a human hunter. The last thing Sam knew for sure was that despite Dean’s infuriating actions, it would break him to have Cas leave.
Dean felt the tears welling up, so he kept his head down and tried to hide the choke in his voice by dropping it a couple octaves. “I can’t, Sammy. I just can’t.”
“This was a horrible idea,” Cas said. “Gabriel is going to murder us.”
Charlie and Jo shined their lights on the figure standing between the trees in front of them as well. And there he was, standing the same as Ava, nonexistent breeze ruffling his hair.
“Hello Castiel.”
“Hey, watch it Samsquatch! I’ve got quidditch practice later!”
Dean sat in bed fiddling with his phone. He had just gotten Cas’ goodnight text and knew it would only be a few more minutes before he’d have to take the African Dream Root. Usually dreams came around ninety minutes into sleeping, but Cas was again a special case. His started almost the minute he fell asleep. They suspected the reason was the psychic powers and the monster.
Dean couldn’t stop smiling after that. He texted Sam the good news since he was in class, and then called Cas who responded with his understated excitement, as per usual.
“I’m not completely out of the life,” Dean muttered. “I take a hunt every now and then.”
“No,” Cas told him. “You’ve been through enough tonight. I say we just throw everything in the dishwasher and fool around a little until our food gets here.”
“You’d have
“Maybe you should think about getting some reading glasses,” Cas told him, noticing how Dean was squinting with a paper an inch from his face.
“No,” Sam said. “You can’t just boss me around.”
The four of them played a couple of rounds of Mortal Kombat, each playing the winner (a.k.a. Charlie) until they (a.k.a. Dean, Cas, and Sam) decided that Charlie could maybe wait until they all played each other before wiping the floor with the winner.
“You’re father—“ Cas began, but was cut off when the screen door banged open and they heard Bobby shouting in the distance.
. Granted, it was a uniform and he wouldn’t be able to wear them on the weekend when his thrift store finds would have to do, but he still felt he’d be able to walk these halls proudly without having to worry about shabbily patched up knees or elbows.
Dean grunted in response. He was nearly asleep.
“They’re late,” Dean said, checking his watch for what had to be the tenth time that minute.
“How noble of you,” Cas replied.
Cas turned back to Dean. “I’m not saying that you have to believe in monsters,” he continued like they’d never been interrupted in the first place. “Just that you should listen to what Sam has to say before you make up your mind on the matter. It’s weird seeing him like this. Or rather, not seeing him at all.” He cast a glance towards the hall. “Just because he’s your little brother doesn’t mean he’s not our friend, too.”
Dean jumped at Charlie’s remarks, not having seen or heard her coming. “Shut up,” he grumbled.
“Where are you two going?” Meg called.
Bobby shooed him up the stairs, Cas following behind him with a small smile. Dean turned left at the second floor landing and led Cas to the spare room which he opened with an exaggerated flourish. Cas rolled his eyes and gave him a gentle kiss before moving into the room and sitting down on the full bed which let out a soft squeak with his weight.
“What, you scared or something, Sammy?” Dean asked.
Dean snorted. “He still won’t look me in the eye.”
Dean turned to Cas. “You healing up alright?” he asked. “Think you’ll be able to get out of here on your own?”
Dean sat up and pulled Cas into a crushing kiss. “God, I love you.”
pants, Bradbury,” Dean said. “We all know you have the hots for Andy.”
“Where did you even get that, anyway?” Sam asked. “I don’t think they sell light up sweaters at Salvation Army.”
“Can’t say I did,’ he replied, and he wasn’t even lying. The heartbeat pounding in his ears had drowned out all other sound. He swiped a hand across his forehead to hopefully remove the beads of sweat. Dean wasn’t eactly out of shape, but that was definitely the fastest he’d ever run in his life. “And look, about what Charlie said,” Dean started, trying for damage control now that he’d been caught.
“You want to have sex in front of other people?” Dean asked. “Because I gotta say, Cas, that’s pretty fuckin’ kinky but I think I could get on board.”
Cas liked that movie. Who can say no to Sansa as Jean Grey? And Olivia Munn as Psylocke? Well, let’s just say Dean had never felt more bisexual than the moment he was sitting in the theater next to his super-hot boyfriend while watching Psylocke kick some ass on the big screen.
Cas’ glow dimmed a bit, but it was still too bright for Dean to look at directly.
"Dean!" Sam whined, trying to wriggle out of Dean's grip.
His mother’s smile softened slightly, but she didn’t otherwise acknowledge his lie. “My flight leaves early tomorrow morning, so why don’t I take you out for a nice dinner before I drop you off tonight.”
Cas stared at him, unfazed. “No,” he replied flatly.
Cas was late the next day because Gabriel had insisted on going to a Starbucks before school. He didn’t even manage to get to his locker until break.
Cas wasn’t worried, however. He figured it was something to do with his birthday. How Dean had planned this day in secrecy was still beyond him, though now that he was thinking about it, Dean had been passing an awful lot of notes to Charlie lately. Cas had just figured they were talking about their latest pop culture obsession, which varied week to week, and which Cas usually had little interest in.
Dean shrugged and closed the trunk. He leaned against it as he watched Cas locking the door to their house. “Hey, Sammy…”
“Cas has never lost a game,” Dean said proudly, throwing an arm around his shoulder and hugging him to his side. “My little strategist.”
“I’m sorry about this, Dean.” John Winchester knelt beside him, painting something on the ground.
Cas rolled his eyes and continued eating. “Where’s everyone else?”
The three of them sat at the table waiting for Sam for a full five minutes before Mary said, “You did tell him dinner was ready, right?”
“Later,” Dean waved before he and Cas had the door shut on them.
“Because I don’t fucking want him to know where I am,” Dean gritted out through his teeth.
Blue eyes were staring at him in shock, illuminated by the tiny flickers of light flying around them.
Cas stood in the middle of his conversation with Meg and Hannah and took off at a run. He’d feel bad about that later, although Meg had been in the midst of telling him what a shame it was that his Bond with Dean was golden, so he didn’t feel
Dean made a sound somewhere between a grunt a cough, his throat not working properly enough to allow actual words to form.
“We have burn cream?” Cas asked, head tilted to the side.
Dean watched, horrified, as the tables began to turn for his friends as well. After the initial shock of the attack, the children were quick to jump to their feet and retaliate. In his narrowing vision, Dean saw Ava grab Charlie by the hair and pull her off of Jake, throwing her to the ground. Ansem kicked Jo in the chest, sending her spinning off of Andy and onto her back. He saw the teenage girl sucker punch Cas in the stomach as one of the boys picked up the bat he had dropped in the attack and break it on his arm.
Gabriel nodded. “I don’t know how. I just know that there were three people I could sense in that head of yours last night, and with the way you took off in an angry huff this morning, I’m guessing you noticed, too.”
“You know my birthday is coming up.”
“Hey, Bobby,” Dean said, trying to catch his breath. “Have a favor to ask.” He grabbed a stitch in his side.
Cas arrived home a little after ten that night.
“That’s not what I meant, Cas,” Dean said wearily, the sign of a conversation rehashed multiple times. “I know you can take care of yourself. There is no doubt in my mind that you are completely capable of surviving anything.”
“Ten years?” Sam bit his bottom lip, hard, to keep the giggles at bay.
“They do,” Cas told her.
“My dad is going to try and kill us.”
“Didn’t his friends say the thing was real, too?” Charlie piped in.
Cas ran a hand up Dean’s back, lingering over each knob of his spine. “Why don’t you tell him? It will get him to stop asking.”
Cas lunged and he felt the exact moment his blade pierced his adversary’s heart. It felt like something in his head snapped.
Sam practically flew into the dirt lot, skidding to a halt next to John’s pick-up truck. Cas was already jumping out of the car before it came to a complete stop, his wings tearing his shirt to shreds as they burst from his back.
“Yes,” Cas said. “To protect you. To make sure that my mistakes won’t come back to you.”
Cas nodded, but he was grimacing. That had taken a lot more out of him than he had expected.
Sam was happy to have his brother back, and he’d take him whatever shape he was in, obviously, but he couldn’t help but wish that if he had to have amnesia that maybe it could have blocked out the worse parts of their lives. Give Dean a bit of a break from the guilt and all of the crap that came with the Winchester curse. Their lives were pretty stable now. Sure, they went on hunts, but only when they got restless. For the most part they lived a happy little life in the bunker—so why was it that Dean was never going to get more of the good stuff? He never complained out loud, really, but in the back of his mind he occasionally let go of a few choice curses for whoever had decided to add one more piece of crap to Dean’s already teetering heap.
“Cas!” Dean shouted, jumping nearly a foot in the air, fumbling something in his hand before hiding it behind his back. “What the hell man!”
Cas reached out and laid a hand on his arm, but Dean just forced a smile and shrugged. With a sigh Cas took his hand back and began to eat his food.
Ten minutes later, Dean found his friends at their usual spot in the cafeteria and the sight nearly gave him a heart attack.
Dean contented himself with silently mocking Cas, pulling another ridiculous face and mouthing the words.
Charlie just laughed and plopped down on the seat next to him, flicking some of her bright red hair out of her face. “Oh, is it his turn to stare?”
“Yes?” he replied.
There were sympathetic groans around the table before Jess turned to Sam.
“Yes,” Cas agreed. “But that’s why you love me.”
Charlie rolled her eyes and crossed her arms. “Well, I can’t exactly leave you here without making sure you’ll be okay. What if he dreams about things like drowning in volcanoes, what do you do then? Huh?”
Cas blushed and turned to reply just in time to see a ball of fire flying straight at them.
“Oh yeah,” Sam said. “Dad tried reaching for Dean to stop him and Cas got all intense and grabbed Dad’s arm and just—“ He snapped his fingers.
“Jeez, what an introduction,” Sam said.
Cas took a few steps into the room, paused for a moment, and then continued to the bed where he perched about two feet from Dean’s curled form.
“Who the fuck was that?” John asked, clutching broken arm to his chest. “And what the hell was he?”
Cas rolled his eyes. “You’re so dramatic.”
“I’m not reliving it again, Cas,” Dean told him, face hard and staring straight ahead. “It’s in the past and that’s where it’s going to stay. I’ve made my fucking peace with it and everyone needs to start respecting that.”
He cleared his throat, but the man made no indication that he had heard. Castiel sighed and tapped his fingers along the bar, trying to think of what to do next. He shuddered as he thought the phrase
“I want to go to the dance with you,” Cas cut him off. He was slightly out of breath, too. Though, whether it was from physical exertion or nerves, was unclear.
“What’s that?” Cas asked.
They stayed like that until a rather exuberant group of dancers bumped and jostled them out of their illusion of privacy.
Numbers three, four, and five went much the same way. The sixth time, Sam found out.
“Stick together, guys,” Dean said as they walked.
Cas snorted and returned Dean’s smile, although Dean suspected his was genuine.
Cas snorted out a few sparks and increased the intensity of his glare.
“Dean,” Cas replied with a slight smile.
Sam brought the knife up and Dean stared into his eyes. If this was going to be the end, if this thing was going to make Sam do his dirty work, Dean could at least make sure Sam knew Dean didn’t blame him.
Cas, who had just come back into the room with their first aid kit, walked over and took a seat next to Dean. He pulled Dean’s injured arm towards himself and began to clean it. “Anything you want, my love.”
Cas shrugged. “I figured it would be a good place to go on vacation. It’s not like we don’t have the money.”
“What do we do with him?” Sam asked, pointing to their father who had been knocked out when Sam tackled him to the ground.
Cas responded by shining the light higher. “I think that’s Ansem,” he said.
He attempted to put some weight onto his left leg but even that tiny bit sent pains shooting from his knee. He gauged the distance between himself and the crutches. He could hop there, easy. Wouldn’t even break a sweat. He was in his thirties, not dead.
“That’s really sweet,” she said with a smile. “So how did you two meet, anyway?”
Cas tore his eyes away from the book to look around, wondering if Dean had lied about not getting together with Gabriel to pull pranks, because if that’s what this was, it definitely surpassed Gabriel’s usual levels of evil genius.
“Sorry, uh, Cas-tee-el,” he sounded out slowly.
Charlie’s eyes widened in shock for a moment before she nodded. “Okay and in hindsight Sam assuming you’d keep your promise yesterday was really stupid, too. Maybe it’s not romantics, maybe it’s just men.”
“Yeah, but,” Sam stopped and ran a hand through his hair. “It must have been lonely.”
Sam’s jaw dropped. “I knew the restaurant was doing well, but…”
“It has a giant blister on it!” Dean accused.
Cas allowed a small grin to spread. “Yeah?”
“You just had to go and blab to Charlie,” Dean said once Jo fell into step next to him.
Cas rolled his eyes. “Yes, but our souls had bonded.”
“I don’t know.”
“I’m trying to save him,” John shouted. “Can’t you see what this monster has done? That isn’t Dean!”
John noticed a moment too late, shouting at Charlie just as Cas felt the barrier fall away and grinned as he spread his wings to their full length before launching himself straight at John.
. How awesome was that? Well, also how
Dean dropped his grip on Cas and took a step backwards.
“Don’t get used it,” Jo told him. “You just sort of look like you’re about to puke and even I’m not that heartless.”
Gabe went back to his usual, too happy-go-lucky self and he ruffled Cas’ hair again.
“No, I’m sorry, there’s no reservation under the name Winchester.”
Cas took a step forward and Dean gulped. He felt like he was living in a cartoon and his heart was about to explode out of his chest any second now. It was inevitable. He just hoped he got to kiss Cas before he actually dropped dead from the suspense.
“What?”
Cas merely walked up to him and wrapped his arms around his waist, placing his head in the juncture of his neck, giving it a light kiss. “I’m sorry,” he said softly. “Want me to give it a kiss and make it all better?”
,” came the reply.
Cas shot him an icy glare. “I’m aware, Dean. It will heal. It might just take a little longer to do so.”
Dean laughed. “I thought you just said it’s been going on for a while?”
“I heard that,” Dean said.
Jo and Charlie met up with them at the park with the rest of the volunteers. Jo had the holy water doused knife hidden by the knee high socks she was wearing.
This part of the night, with the crackling of the flame, the lateness of the hour, the whispering of the wind through the trees, this part was supposed to be filled with Sam’s laughter and gasps as they told scary story after scarier story. Instead his senses were assaulted strictly with the sounds and smells of nature. Except the roasting marshmallow. That smelled like beauty of human invention. But still.
“Yes.”
“Ugh, can you two stop being gross?” Jo said from where she was sprawled across his floor, directly under an air conditioning vent. Her blonde hair blew with the never ceasing air.
“Wendigo,” Dean recalled. “Tough son of a bitch.”
"And?" Gabe asked.
“We can’t go home, Cas,” Dean said. “We’re going to have to find somewhere else to stay tonight while we figure out what to do.”
“Yes,” Cas told her. “Thank you. All of you.”
“Dammit, Cas!” Dean swore once they were safely in the impala.
“Well the steaks are almost done, so you two can set the table while Gilda and I go and finish up the food.”
feeling spurring his feet to move ever faster.
“I don’t know!” Dean exploded. “But I do know that Sam is freaking out. And I don’t blame him. He was sleepwalking the other night. I caught him trying to leave. His hand was on the doorknob and everything, so what am I supposed to believe, Jo? That Sam suddenly started sleepwalking for shits and giggles? That he just happened to develop this problem after he saw a monster in the woods, and then his friends started disappearing from their homes in the middle of the night with no sign of a break-in or anything?”
“I would very much like to do that for the rest of my life.”
“Don’t you think that maybe it’s time we go shopping?”
Dean sighed and rested their foreheads together. “Babe, I just don’t want him to find out what you are.”
They remained awake for a while longer, though neither of them spoke. Eventually they fell into an uneasy sleep. Dean woke a few times from nightmares, clutching Cas until his heartrate returned to normal.
Dean rolled his eyes. “You make it sound like I’m a lazy asshole. I didn’t want to be away from home twenty hours out of the day, so sue me.”
“That’s what happens when you fall in love with an angel, Sammy,” Dean said dreamily, settling himself comfortably onto his pillows and closing his eyes.
Dean let out a sigh. “Then let’s go.”
John slammed the book in his hands shut with a huge clap. “You’ll come to your senses soon, son, don’t worry.”
“Uh, because there’s no such thing?” he suggested with an implied
The two of them ran, all limbs and elbows, coming to a skidding halt in the kitchen in front of a very unimpressed looking Bobby.
“But why?” Sam asked, seemingly unable to let go of how unfair he thought it was.
Dean ducked his head, and Cas knew he was blushing, though he couldn’t see it behind his sunburn. “Well, I’ve got one more present for you.”
Dean tried blinking rapidly to clear his vision, and it did enough to where he could see the vague form of a man take shape in front of him. Whoever it was sat against the opposite wall of the crater, legs pulled up to his chest (Dean assumed it was a man because of the voice).
“Yeah, Sam, I know all of that. You’ve told me before. But,” Jess sighed, slumping down in her seat and looking out the window. “For someone who’s supposed to be a replica of your dad, he turned out pretty different. Maybe he wasn’t as happy to do your dad’s bidding as you think.” She shrugged. “I just think that next time you should give him a chance to talk before you jump down his throat for doing the same thing you did.”
“We’re not even sure that your father knows that I’m not human,” Cas said. “And besides, Sam saw me go through all of the tests at Bobby’s. He can vouch for me.”
“Seriously?” Jess said, eyebrows raised in incredulity. “Maybe you should ask them for a school loan. I bet they’d give you a way better interest rate.”
“Sam,” Cas said. “If you cannot sit in silence then I’m going to have to ask you to leave the room.”
inconvenienced you so much.”
“True,” Charlie said, nodding to Jo’s superior wisdom. “Absolutely true.”
“So you’re not going to try anything, oh, I don’t know—
“Thanks,” he said. “I’m sure he’d like that assessment.”
“A cheesy one, apparently.”
Cas laughed. “Those aren’t so bad, either. But if we’re going off of purely physical attributes, I’d have to go with your ass.”
But Dean ignored her, throwing a quick goodbye to his teacher as he pulled a perfectly willing Cas along behind him. He didn’t stop until he made it to the boy’s locker room, knowing it would be empty since their entire day was being spent signing yearbooks and not running the mile.
Castiel seemed to glow brighter again and Dean realized with a slight smirk that he was
Dean stepped into Cas’ space. “I don’t know, should they?”
“Sam,” Dean cut him off. “Drop it. It’s fine, alright? But if you try to get me to talk about this one more time, I swear I am going to snap and probably punch you in the face.”
Cas rolled his eyes, but smiled into the next kiss. And the next. And the one after that, too.
John snorted. “I’ll take care of you next.”
“You could do that,” Dean said. “Or you could kiss me some more.”
“What pain?”
That’s usually where they stop the story, their audience thoroughly convinced that Dean and Cas were very much in love by that point and not needing to hear any more.
“You have a good memory,” Gabe said, eye twinkling a little menacingly. “So you’ll remember what else I said that night.”
Dean’s heart sank.
“What happened to you being on my side?” Dean asked, closing the door. “I thought you said it was romantic!”
Cas looked over to Dean. “Aren’t we?”
“I know you got a face perfect for the radio, but buddy, with that voice your only audience would be the deaf.” It wasn’t Dean’s best line, but he was a little preoccupied with the giant, probably gnarly looking foot trying to squash him into the ground.
Cas answered the door with a tired smile. “Dean is acting like a child and would like me to inform you that he isn’t speaking to you until you’ve explained why your father is here.” He stepped aside to allow Sam entry and after closing the door, added, “I must admit, I am also curious as to why your father was in your apartment, but I would like to hear your answer before I decide on further actions.”
“I’m not leaving.”
“Oh god,” Dean said again. “This is going to be a disaster. Maybe I should just tell him his present is going out to the city.”
Cas was the first to pull away, smirking at Dean’s blissed out expression.
Dean laughed. “He’s always wanted one,” he said. “He kept saying that we had a home now, that we should get a dog to go with it. Told me it could be any kind I wanted, he didn’t care. Even offered to let me name it.”
Cas narrowed his eyes and lowered the mug he had been just about to drink from. “What is it?”
“I’ve only got eyes for you, angel,” Dean assured him.
Dean panicked the entire way home that night, knowing that he had promised he and Cas would visit Bobby eventually, but definitely not expecting it to be
Cas had snuck out to meet Dean again. It was pretty much a nightly routine at this point. As soon as Sam fell asleep, Cas would receive a text and ten minutes later the two best friends would be lying on their backs in the small park behind Dean’s apartment building.
“I’m sorry, alright?” Dean said. “This movie night thing—this—“ Dean groaned and rubbed a hand over his face. “I still find your presence agreeable, or whatever, okay? Let’s just not make a big deal out of it.”
“He’s like—he’s dreamy. His eyes, Sammy—they’re like outer space and I just want to be an astronaut.”
Dean made it to the door of the living room before realizing what had just happened. He froze. His shoulders tensed, his hands became fists. Slowly, he dared to turn his head to find Sam. When he caught his eye, Dean mouthed,
That seemed to bring some life back into Dean and he smirked at his little brother. “The fifth grade field trip to the woods,” he said. “Watch out for the monster.”
“This is real, Dean,” he told him. “I suppose you could say it is a ‘dream come true.’” He bit his lips to keep his grin at bay while he waited for Dean’s reaction.
“Uh.” Sam ran a hand through his hair. “About that.”
Bobby held his hand out.
“Guys, shut up,” Dean said. “I think he’s about to do something.”
“Glad I could be good for something,” Dean retorted, following them and slamming the door once they were outside.
“Fat chance, buddy. You’ve got central air conditioning.” She pointed up.
is bad enough without her catching us in the act.”
“You are a complete dork,” Cas told him. At Dean’s affronted look, he went on with a small grin. “And that’s why I love you.”
Mary just crossed the kitchen to ruffle his hair. “Let’s talk about something else,” she said. Then, her eyes brightening, “Like why I saw Gabriel’s car pull up about five minutes before you actually came inside?”
Somehow they were still discussing punnett squares in class. Castiel sighed and opened his book up, seeing the comments from yesterday. He skipped ahead a little just to make sure that his comment was still blacked out and his heart dropped. Dean had written more.
Dean banged his head on his desk.
Dean quickly wiped away the lone tear that had managed to escape from his eyes and cleared his throat as if someone was there to judge him for getting choked up. Deciding the rest of the passage could wait, he took a couple of deep breaths to finish composing himself. His stomach was still rumbling so he quickly threw on a pair of sweat pants and made his way to the kitchen.
“Please stop calling your car that,” Cas said, walking up to the car and pulling Dean along behind him.
Jess looked over to Sam, but his jaw was still hanging slightly open, so she turned back to Dean and Cas and asked, “Shop?”
Cas rolled his eyes. “Shouldn’t they trust that
That was why, after a week straight of no change in Dean’s behavior, Sam decided to confront him. He knocked on his door. “Dean?” he called, and then without waiting for an answer he opened the door and came in.
“Of course not,” she replied. “You were completely right to get out of your situation and if he can’t understand that then that’s his problem.”
pathetic. At least, that’s what he told himself.
Charlie snorted. “Is that what he told you? He hustled you, my friend. I hope you didn’t put any money down.”
“’Course, Sammy,” Dean said, scooting over on his bed to make some room.
Jo narrowed her eyes and looked back and forth between them. “Did Charlie know?” she finally asked.
Dean shook his head vehemently. “That was the monster,” he croaked out in his hoarse whisper. “You saved me. You saved everyone.”
“We’re not living in sin,” Dean insisted with a pout. “We’re married.”
Dean was having a great time camping even if he was by himself. He didn’t need his little brother to make every venture of his worthwhile, even if this camping trip was supposed to be tradition. Just because Sam got himself a girlfriend and doesn’t want to leave her for
