“It was the honeysuckle and the hazel Marie de France wrote about…. not the two parts of a mussel-shell.”
It all added up. Sherlock's pale complexion and his ascetic lifestyle. His long fasts interlaced with periods of hard work. His constant praise of the spirit and his equally strong contempt for the “transport”. His choice of a partner with which he could never have procreative sex.
Sherlock carefully positioned himself and looked at me. Very uneasy, but determined, I nodded in approval silently.
And then it was over. The metal door closed with a loud whack. The coachman cracked the whip over the two black horses and the carriage diverged slowly to the crowded street, taking up speed, until it disappeared behind the nearest corner.
With the ground prepared for my act that way, I placed myself in front of the compartment door, knocked on it lightly and entered the small cell right after.
We found ourselves under the saddle-roof of a large, open station canopy with one edge affixed to the wall of a station building. Sherlock lit his pipe and gently inhaling the smoke, he slowly walked towards the friendly looking premises, surveying the place in his careful, but unobtrusive way. I followed suit, furtively looking around me. However, the place was positively depopulated. Only a train dispatcher yawned in ennui beside the locomotive and some wild-haired artsy type was busy unloading his luggage out of the second class carriage at the other end of the platform.
Thankfully, as we emerged to an almost empty street, we were able to catch an errant cab returning from its assignment immediately. Sherlock would probably sprout wings and fly at our destination, if we didn't.
He hurried forth and joined his friend by the gate as they hit the road towards the cottage hired for the night. Sherlock took his time in Sherrinford facility and the ferry to Penzance was an impossibility now, the weather and the late season making even the future ship transport from the island dubious. But Sherlock probably didn't mind at all, John suspected. He was not made from steel after all and needed some time for himself after each visit of Eurus.
Bonhomme? A Good Man? I felt as if I was drifting farther and farther to the sea, loosing even the slightest connection with the land.
A short pause filled with stunned silence ensued after that. Defiant blue gaze contested against grave and worried brown one.
“Cathar bonhommes only abstain from procreative sex. Our coitus could not be procreative, therefore it did not break the rules of conduct which Julian had to follow as one of them. Our coupling was not something filthy. It was more like joining of souls, in fact.”
But now that I looked closer at the area lying behind that door, thinly lit by the lamplight burning in the drawing room, I realised that the outlines of an actual, living human face are discernible in the door-gap. The slight luminescence betrayed the position of the eye gaping at us dispassionately, the greyish spot among the dark shadows seemed to indicate the white hair. In the total silence that ensued in the room after Sherlock grabbed me by the hand I was finally able to hear the almost inaudible droning of someone's breath.
We approached the house from the side of the dock. Lestrade unlocked the equipment door, artfully hidden in the façade wall at the ground floor level and from there we all descended into the basement. As we stepped off the last stair, my hand brushed against a cord of a ceiling lamp. I pulled it lightly. In the next moment, the bright light flooded the entire area in front of us.
His elegant Paris evening suit was in rags now and his face was smeared with muck, but his top-hat escaped the ruin somehow and was still in quite a serviceable shape. When he glimpsed us, he tipped the hat to us and bared his teeth in a cheeky smile, addressing us as if we were meeting in front of an elegant restaurant not in front of a gaol.
De Vries’s enterprise was located in the building to our right which was placed at the edge of one row, just next to the little bridge. The massive structure contained a large basement serving as a warehouse where De Vries stored his articles of stock.
“Hey! He’s telling you the truth! Let him go!” I screamed in terror from the other side of the room.
Soft, almost inaudible screech coming from above interrupted my musings. I looked up absentmindedly and was surprised to see the door of the warehouse closing.
The Eye was brought into a complete standstill by now. Capsules full of frightened passengers were hanging on the massive structure like drops of dew on a stem of a flower, blue and transparent in clear summer air. Maintenance ladder placed near the rim of the gigantic wheel encompassed the circumference of the Eye as a thin girdle, miniscule and as frail as a straw in comparison with the rest of the structure.
If I had my suspicion about Authié's tastes before, it now increased tenfold and it soon solidified into horrifying certainty that sunk into my stomach like a stone.
We stood with our gaze blankly pointed at him. Then we burst into the wildest guffaw this bureau ever encountered. Sherlock tried to shush us but realising it’s pointless, he opened the door of the cubicle and escaped to the hallway hastily.
He shut his eyes and cited the words he evidently knew by heart: “But they which shall be accounted worthy to obtain that world and the resurrection from the dead neither marry, nor are given in marriage, neither can they die any more: they are equal unto the angels and are the children of God, being the children of the resurrection.”
“Hey!” Lestrade interrupted us immediately, having enough of our natter. “Can you save your argument for later? Sherlock, you promised me we will only stay here for a short while! So move your ass and resume whatever you were doing before! And John, I see a huge book on Greek mythology over there on the shelf. Take it and read about Apollo if you find him interesting, just don’t slow Sherlock down in his investigations. We overstayed our stay here beyond any tolerable measure, as far as I am concerned.”
“My deepest apologies, monsieur,” I bowed my head in excessively polite manner. “Your newspaper caught my eye… I see that this renowned British detective, Sherlock Holmes, was appointed by police to investigate those daring thefts committed in the Louvre… isn't that exciting?”
“Yes.” Sherlock nodded in a grim resignation. “The message from Moriarty’s organisation. They are threatening me again and I am inclined to leave the town for a while to avoid any trap they have possibly in store for me. But I must talk to Guido first, he ought to know about this. Can you contact him? I tried to call him earlier but he is not responding.”
I rubbed my chin absentmindedly, disturbing the prickly stubble already growing on it and asked: “Weren’t you afraid we would be caught in a blast?”
“But vanilla, John! Vanilla!” His pale eyes piercing my ice-cone were full of disdain. “Is this what tough soldiers eat nowadays?”
It was a cleverly evasive answer, but it came too late. The deed was done. One glance at that young chap, Didier and the words of that old guy were enough to tell me what I needed to know, what I already surmised. And the truth appeared in front of me in its naked wretchedness, as clear as a day.
Ganimard scowled down on it and irritably grabbed it away. He impatiently threw the thing open and mumbling some unflattering things under his nose, he cast a glance inside.
Sherlock hastily handed her his batiste handkerchief. She thanked him plaintively and dabbed the corners of her eyes with it, alarming the chickens by the act.
The house was on the more decorative side. It was a two storey building with the façade covered by elegant bossage, its horizontally banded rustication giving it the air of a noble abode. Quoins with long and short strips adorned both corners of the façade wall. One corbelled cornice separated the ground storey from the first floor, another, pronounced one, lined the edge of the roof. The roof was of the mansard type, with three gilded dormers glistening in the dark. Stone chambranles bordered four windows placed on the first floor, the top of each window sporting its own, neatly carved, cornice and a suprafenestra in the shape of Satyr's head. The ground floor was a bit simpler, showing us the dark door overhung with dropped keystone to our right – it probably lead to the courtyard – and the store front which monopolised the rest of the façade.
Still, as more and more of Sherlock's skin became visible, a look of cunning reverie spread over his face. His tongue slipped out and lashed over his lips sensuously.
Impulsive as usual, Vernet didn't even ask and burst right in. We exchanged glances at that moment, both of our faces mirroring the disappointment and regret about what-could-have-been… but it was not suitable to discuss these things in public, in the middle of the street. So we followed Vernet to the bistro docilely.
Sherlock bowed his head and leaned against the wall of the alcove, crossing his arms over his bandaged chest. He directed a determined glance at me right after.
Sherlock resumed the place behind the wheel this time and drew into Silvertown at maximum speed, as if all the devils from hell rode at our tail. That’s why I felt as if no time at all passed between the moment we left the Victoria Street and the moment we sighted the ugly barracks of the dilapidated docks caught in our headlights.
Our ride through Southwark was uneventful. In no time we found ourselves facing the romantic waters of Greenland Dock. We stood by the little bridge connecting two banks of the small side water-channel and thus two former rows of dock-houses which were rebuilt into apartment houses some time ago and which were now known as Finland Street.
And I was once again stuck with the feeling that Sherlock behaves very strangely all of a sudden. He never responded to my question, he just frowned at me, weirdly distracted.
“No, it definitely wasn't.” Sherlock responded with merriment sparkling in his pale eyes and inserted his long fingers into the gap between the seat and the window-wall, carefully grasping for some elusive object. In the next second he pulled out one end of the copper wire with little noose on it, something akin to snapped up shoe-string hanging from it limply.
The motive for his behaviour and his actions remains unseen and is the part of further investigation into the matter.”
I hurried up and quickly climbed aboard the first-class carriage through the door placed at one end of it, being dimply aware of Sherlock and Ganimard entering the carriage through the opposite end.
We passed along the Greenland Dock and soon reached the warehouse of De Vries where our plight was born some two hours ago.
“John!” Sherlock’s deep voice forced me to look over my shoulder. Sherlock stood at the base of the stairs and waved at me, pointing his finger to the other side of the room. “John, leave it! There’s another exit! Come on, we’ll get out through that!”
“So you have decided to double-cross me all the same.” He ascertained in a sing-song voice. He walked up to Sherlock and thrust the empty grip practically into his face, observing his reaction like a skulking vulture: “Was that your plan all along, Mr. Great Detective? To take what is ours then scare us off with some baloney? So that we would run away quickly without checking out first if the ware is in its place?”
The doctor’s expression softened; something was wrong. This wasn’t right; Sherlock never said please. John bit his lip and shook his head, standing his ground. “No Sherlock. I can’t let you leave, I’m sorry.” he sighed.
Finally, the muzzle was the last feature to shrink away and a sweaty, shaking and injured Sherlock was left on his hands and knees before collapsing to the floor exhausted and trembling.
John’s gentle smile vanished when Sherlock made his way towards the door. “Sherlock, hey...” he called as he too got up with a grunt and hurried after him. “Sherlock,” he repeated, grabbing his shoulder, noticing how tall Sherlock was for an animal, even on all fours. John wasn’t the tallest man, he knew that, and Sherlock’s head reached to his mid upper arm. Not to mention the fact that Sherlock was somewhat slouching and staying low to the ground, cradling his arm to his chest. “Sherlock,” John tried again as the wolf shrugged his hand off and made his way through the kitchen towards the living room. “At least respond to me, Sherlock!” John called from the doorway with a frustrated tone.
John pressed his lips into a thin line, upset by seeing Sherlock in so much pain. He gently unhooked the bandages wrapped around Sherlock’s arm, unwinding them and tenderly removed the gauze. The skin was still bright red and scabbed in areas, although for the most part the stitches had dissolved. The skin was indented largely where John had not been able to replace much skin, and he ran his fingers over the closed wound gently, hoping it would stay sealed.
“You needn’t come,” Mycroft says with unbearable nonchalance. John hopes that the ability to read the darkest, deepest corner of John’s mind is privy to Sherlock only. “You and Samuel can remain here, or any other place of your choosing.”
“That was the network you were working to dismantle,” Lestrade murmurs, “I never saw the entire picture, just…passed along the information.”
“Out of my way, Lestrade,” John growls, pushing past the Detective Inspector and continuing his way down the stairs.
The kitchen is cold and quiet, and John brews himself a cup of tea to get some warmth back into his fingers. The first rays of the grey, Scottish sun are slanting through the window. The moors are still dark and the skies are heavy with the promise of rain. It will be winter soon. John wonders what kind of Christmas they’ll have this year.
“His appearance on television and the next add campaign. He’s rallying popular opinion, but he won’t be able to keep them under his banner for long if all he can offer is….vague hatred of Alphas.  He has thousands of people talking about what a danger Alphas are to society, but some will want him to do more than just talking about it. They will need directions to a distinguishable goal."
However, it does not explain why he is beset with the memories of unraveling John, the feeling of his skin against his. He lifts his hand, lets the tip of his fingers carefully shape the curve of John’s jaw, along his cheek until they brush against the soft strands of his hair. He feels the pace of his own heart quicken.
John’s shoulders curls against suppressed laughter, carefully sliding his hand free to scold his child. At least, Sherlock hopes John is scolding him.
Alexander shrugs, “I saw on the television that your Alpha had returned and I knew you’d appear here eventually. Though, I didn’t think you’d be….”
He says nothing. It’s the coward’s way out, but John looks almost brittle, like a sudden breeze from the window would knock him over. Christ.
“I didn't….but, I guess Jane did something to him, because, he…John Watson, said he was feeling woozy and sluggish. He was stumbling and we had to half carry him to the car. Jane H…Hill, she dropped me off outside this old industrial site in Brenton, she gave me an envelope with the cash, I changed into civilian clothing and left the uniform in the trunk of the car. Then she drove off. I don't know where. I hit the nearest pub, to, you know, celebrate.”
John twists the model around, there’s a picture of two boxers fighting in a ring: combativeness, the image of a slim figure and children: procreation, a bear chasing a fawn: destructiveness, and a man that seems to be dancing: competitiveness.
Edward is obviously reading the same warning signals for he straightens his posture, his tone deepening as he adds, “I was her patient for a short period after my sister committed suicide. I am not willing to discuss my medical history further.”
“I don’t merely think so, it’s the promise. The one I definitely intend to keep.” I swore with solemn air and ruffled his dark curls playfully. “But I’ll leave that for later. I think we should speak about some serious matter for a change. So… what about some ice-cream?”
“Well, first and foremost, he was known as Loxias, a dark and gloomy interpreter of ambiguous oracles.” Sherlock, now fully immersed into our quarrel, halted right in front of me, staring me down. “Haven’t you ever heard of Delphi?”
“A true patriot, huh?” I beckoned him with my hat in mock salute. “But the Saxon in question is very useful to France nowadays, isn't he? He works hard to recover some of its most beautiful national treasures, after all. Moreover, wouldn't it be fabulous if that blackguard Arsène Lupin was finally caught and put under the lock? The man gets on my nerves in the worst way possible, to be honest.”
Ganimard immediately turned his attention to me, but I barely registered a word coming out of his mouth as blood rushed to my face and my chest swelled with warm pleasure and delight. Lupin who? I would gladly cross swords with ten thousand of thieves like him to hear the same little speech being repeated by Sherlock...
After the torturous interval that felt like eternity the last wagon finally rumbled by, confirming my suspicion. Behind the window, only the peaceful rustic country stretched to its mountainous background. The fugitive, still at large, was nowhere in sight.
The sky over Brighton is overcast but it's fairly warm outside and so they decide to put good use of their time and to walk to the beach. At least John decides to do that. Sherlock disappears without a trace somewhere.
“Three weeks ago, an audacious robbery took place at Coster Diamonds, the famous diamond cutting factory located in Amsterdam,” explained Sherlock. “The consignment of the precious South-African uncut diamonds was stolen and three employees responsible for its despatch were kidnapped together with their car. Two men were later found dead, strangled, at the outskirts of the town. The third man, Simon Nijmeijer, captured on this photograph, remained missing.”
Sherlock's lips trembled and were pressed tightly together again. The detective averted his gaze with a bitter expression surfacing from beneath the glacier of his visage.
”Wrong, Sherlock.” He says smugly. “That woman over the counter is a local starlet. She made a television programme on Brighton some time ago. That's why she hangs in a frame over there.”
John raises his eyebrows in surprise. But he is secretly delighted: he always wished to do that one day. He takes a razor and after spreading some cream on his face, he carefully shaves Sherlock, delightedly touching his jaw and throat and caressing it in a sensual manner. Sherlock's lids are half-closed as if they were unbearably heavy and he enjoys John's attention, nuzzling his cheekbones against doctor's warm palms like a cat, humming inaudibly.
I was already firm in my knowledge of the fact. Nevertheless, it was a blow to hear it confirmed from his own mouth. I struggled to continue, my shaking fingers clawing my thighs spasmodically: “How old were you when you first started sleeping together?”
John removed his heavy coat and peered at the narrow staircase leading into the bedroom above their heads.
“But this was just my estimate, of course. It was just as likely that De Vries hid the diamonds somewhere else or that he wasn’t involved in that crime at all. I therefore wished to examine his warehouse right away to judge if I am on the right track. Little did I know that Murray’s accomplices are shadowing us with the intent of grabbing you at the first chance, Geoffrey. They were seriously determined to force you to give up the crutch you secured at the crime-scene in some way.”
Surprised, Sherlock hesitantly turned the tiny creature in his fingers. He hawed in a pedantic sort of way, the puzzlement evident on him: “A bivalve? A marine mollusc with a laterally compressed body, enclosed by a shell consisting of two hinged parts?”
He was a bit nonplussed by my inquisitive request, I could sense that. But he just brushed his lips with his index finger and answered truthfully: “It was during one day in the middle of the summer. We strolled with Julian at the opposite bank of Orb. Some peasants tended to their vineyards there, next to the road and the pair of local women passed us by, returning from the market at Les Halles. It was sultry hot, the earth being soft and muddy after the rather violent storm.
“Please, tell me,” Sherlock narrowed his eyes, “are we waiting here for Professor Julian Authié? Is he the one you were speaking about?”
Sherlock did not respond nor changed his stiff posture, he merely stared into space blankly, clutching the aluminium rod in a white-grip.
Sherlock wholly raised up his arm now. He hesitated for a second and then swung it in my direction with devastating force.
“Deduce what it is!” He challenged Sherlock, a secretive smile dallying with the corners of his mouth.
He leaned against his seat and steepled his fingers under his chin, musing loudly: “You know, I think we actually caught Rosalie red-handed when we entered the bistro last night. I remember how late she reacted to the bell, how breathless she looked when she appeared at last and how obsessively she tried to wipe out the traces of soot from her hands. She also obviously knew Julian by name. When I mentioned him during our conversation, she got frightened for a few seconds and almost dropped the tray full of food into your lap. If I was not preoccupied with my own thoughts at that moment, I would have noticed it much sooner.”
“He had this thing fastened to the wrist of his left hand. The other end was attached to the emergency-brake up here.” He explained, evidently in good humour. “It was an elegant and admirably simple trick, I must admit... too bad all this effort was to no avail eventually.”
I leapt from the stairs to his side and together we raced alongside all the statues to the wall opposite us.
The aluminium crutch in question was recognised as the possession of De Vries. Apparently, he killed Murray with it and then, probably during the process of disposing of the body, he stepped on the vial containing the solution of hydrocyanic acid. The concentration of the substance was rather high. Our estimation surmises he was dead in less than two minutes.
“You nutter, you absolutely mad nutter.” I whispered fondly. “Didn’t I already show you how important you are to me? Just you wait… just you wait, Sherlock Holmes. One day I will teach you to hold yourself in a much higher esteem.”
Based on reaction of Mrs. Thibaut, I was already prepared for the worst… but the butchery displayed before my eyes still made me cringe. The bullet hit the old man directly into the left eye and flew out through the vertex, mangling his skull in an incredible manner. Disregarding the ghastly character of the injury, the sheer amount of blood this produced was unbelievable. Its sticky red traces lingered literally on every single object located in that quarter of the room. Moreover, one of the people involved - the victim or maybe the perpetrator himself - overturned the coal scuttle during the fatal encounter which gave a positively hellish tint to the whole scene. The dead man – who lay curled on his side near the heating stove – rested there covered in black dust, the dark blocks of coal scattered among his limbs, around his head, in the ocean of blood spilled on the floor… Nobody could produce more horrifying image even if they tried.
“Shit! Won’t make it!” I breathed out, my disenchantment obvious. I turned back to Sherlock… only to stare in shock when I found him removing his shoe.
“But there are some,” Sherlock's voice lowered “who became linked intimately with God although they were not yet released from the confines of the body.”
Here I stopped and stiffened in surprise. I swiftly raised my right hand, giving a warning to Sherlock who slowly approached me from the other side.
Encompassing this desert with one glance and finding it safe for the moment, I turned to Sherlock: “Come, we must notify the police about this. We have no authority to be here now.”
We managed to catch up with Rosalie when she was already in the middle of the bridge. She was standing motionlessly next to the solid stone edging of Pont Vieux and observed the fiery red glow of the approaching dawn at the horizon, wan mist of October morning enveloping her like a transparent veil. When we stepped out of the cab some distance from her and went to her on foot, she turned in our direction and closely observed us, but she didn't try to flee or to do some other inconsiderate thing. A simple wicker basket lay at her feet, covered with the piece of white cloth.
“Yes, I took some fulminating compound with me when I left Baker Street,” he confessed with hard edge to his voice. “You may recall that I examined quite a large volume of fulminated mercury last week in order to find extrinsic adulterants in it. When they gave me that appalling order, I merely put that chemical into the hollow left after the severed grip.  I then stepped up to you in order to be nearer to the semtex-crate so that I could aim better when I threw the crutch on it.”
Chosen one! The moment he used that term, the sparkle of enlightenment was kindled in my mind and it threw light at the last piece of the puzzle for me. I couldn't believe how dense I previously was.
And when his accomplice shoved Sherlock to the side in anger, letting him loose, he raised the crutch slowly and offered it to the detective. Clearly puzzled, Sherlock accepted it. The bearded Satan grinned from ear to ear at that and instructed him, relishing every word: “Now you will kill your friend, Dr. Watson, with it.”
Scatter of small stones fell out of the decorative cone when he overturned it above Greg’s desk. The greyish pebbles spread over the surface of the table and lingered there like raindrops. We gazed at them in astonishment.
Sherlock smiled wistfully. “Striving for purity is a nice thing, but having too much of it – it is definitely not healthy.”
When he felt that he has his friend's full attention again, he lowered his voice and stared earnestly at Sherlock: “I didn't know how to reach you. You were not speaking and you were reading that depressive Verlaine again. That's why I came with that Mary de France silliness. But the verses… it was no joke, Sherlock. I meant every word.”
“Oh, I only met him a few days ago, at this very bistro! I didn't even know he moved here, to Rue de l'Orb, because he inhabited a nice little villa near Les Halles previously. He told me he had to give up his work for the church because of an illness and that he needed some change of the environment… I wanted to pay him a visit and to bring him some wine from our vineyard soon… and now I'm annoyed with myself it never came to that. If I only knew…”
After some necessary preparations, he crept downstairs and stepped over soundly-sleeping Sherlock sprawled on a carpet. PC monitor was still on, emitting the wan flare into the room. John took a quick look at it, reading the ominous words: “Il pleure dans mon coeur…” with a frown.
“Don't move.” He growled at me again as he collected his bag and retreated to the open window. After that he turned his back on me and the moment the compartment door burst open, he jumped out on the rails running parallel to ours, recklessly disregarding his own safety.
“It is all very interesting, but I would be lying if told you I surmised the identity of the murderer from that.”
“You are a very good person, Rosalie.” He said to her at last. “But now you will have to follow us to the police so that we can inform them about the matter, you are aware of that?”
Sick to my stomach, I could only look at the bloodied piece of the broken rail, twisted upwards like a snake poised for an attack, which we both managed to overlook and which pierced his jugular vein mercilessly as he run onto it in his mindless ire.
Loud rustle was audible behind my back, accompanied by curses in the foreign language. After that, Sherlock’s deep calm voice cut through the darkness: “Is this really necessary? We brought you the thing you requested, after all.”
The cheeky youngster smirked: “That's true, but I will bet on our man still, rather than on Le Rosbif. Besides, why side with that stuck up Brit instead of the man of your own land? It's France against England now… Trafalgar will be avenged at last…”
He wanted to break free again, but John held him fast and spoke quickly: “You don't believe me… It's my fault, I know. You went through a lot because of me the last year. I felt monumentally stupid after that Culverton Smith affaire. But you have forgiven me for that… You even overlook that unjust beating in a hospital…”
Instead of a reply, she reached into the pocket of her dark green overcoat and pulled a piece of paper out of it, handing it to Sherlock.
”It's my turn, then,” he rumbles in a deep voice and he turns up to the door, bumping into a chair of another guest by accident.
Third kidnapper, also masked, assumed a wary pose behind a counter. He stood at attention and bristled, aiming a nasty looking FN Five-seven at Sherlock.
Still, he never made it. I clearly noticed the moment in which he stiffened, his eyes bulging out of his sockets. His mouth opened helplessly and as he gave out a short cough, it filled with abundant pink foam. I barely had time to catch his falling body into my arms and to gently lay him down. He was in his last throes already and in but a second, he breathed out and went absolutely still. There was nothing I could do to save him.
John scampers down the stairs, finds the men's room and barges right in. That blasted thief, who is standing by the sink rummaging in the woman's purse, bulges his eyes at him.
We ordered the cabbie to wait and hurried through the badly-lit archway to the small court lined with entrances to the individual flats on all sides.
The officer, quite cowed and bewildered all of sudden, accepted the card meekly and read it with an almost comic kind of reverence. Meanwhile, Sherlock made a sweeping gesture, encompassing the room with it and continued: “Now let me describe the state of this place as we found it upon our arrival after the announcement of the crime.”
In an instant, I felt deflated and cowed like a whipped cur with its tail held low between its hind legs. I slunk through the room and crawled into Sherlock's bed, curling into a ball at his side. He sighed inaudibly and his tremors stopped after a few minutes.
Yesterday, slightly dizzy from the wedding feast and faintly drunk on champagne, with John dangling from Sherlock's neck and worrying detective's pulse-point with his lips, they tripped and Sherlock's delicate backside ended on their delicate wedding cake. Well, not so delicate now, both the cake and that lush ass…
“Oh, you cunning Devil,” I growled and swiftly joined him outside, seized equally by thrill and by frustration.
“I would not give up your imperfection for the world.” He told me. “You should not worry about that. I assure you I was not involved with Julian because of his “perfection” either. At that time, I was simply happy to find somebody who shared my peculiar tastes. I was always aware I am not like others and I believed myself to be abnormal. Then I met a boy, Victor… but that connection never went past friendship.
In that instant he grabbed me by the wrist, his grip strong and intense like the grip of the jaw-vice and he tacitly pointed his finger at the door to the adjacent room. The lines of his face sharpened, emphasised by the tension evident in his body.
“You!” I gasped. “You are one of them, aren't you? That old guy at Rue de la Citadelle identified you correctly! You are of their elite! You are Perfect!”
The sound of steps snapped me out of reverie. Lestrade, looking done for today, stopped by Sherlock and discussed something with him.
My heart jumped to my throat at the sight. I half-awaited a bullet to burst through the wood of the door, doing away with Sherlock as it did with the other man, Arnaud. But Sherlock managed to get to the door unhurt. He then placed his palm to the middle of it and cautiously pushed it in, causing it to open wide.
Greg thoughtfully nodded in approval. “That makes sense, yes. But it puzzles me that the crutch was empty after all. Did you know that would be the case?”
“Finished? How?” Ganimard dropped his hand and clenched the handkerchief in his fist in visible anger. “Lupin is still at large together with his booty!”
Basking in the intoxicating afterglow, he remains draped over Sherlock for a long while, pressing his sweaty forehead to Sherlock's elegant nape and trying to calm his breath. Still, his member is softening rapidly now and soon, he is forced to disengage, slipping out of his wet nesting place with regret.
“No!” Red like a tomato, Sherlock barked back. “It's the mussel! It slipped into my underwear… right there! Eww! So gross!”
Blood rushed into my head and caused my cheeks to burn. Heart thumped furiously in my chest and I felt a bit faint from sudden onslaught of red hot jealousy and pain that enveloped my whole body. I blindly clambered into the cabin and shaking in agitation, I sat next to Sherlock, but avoided looking at him, preferring to stare out of the window instead.
! Paws off the counter,” the blonde protested, rushing to try and push Sherlock’s front paws off the work surface before grumbling under his breath as he bent down to pick up the various items that Sherlock had knocked out the cupboard.
Sherlock stopped mid bite, pausing for a second before suddenly removing his jaw from the raw meat below him - he quickly realised what he had been doing. He hastily stood up and made a noise of disgust backing away from the meat. He had lost himself to the smell of the meat – this was his time not the wolf’s.
“The effects should wear off soon enough, I doubt my brother dosed the bullet with enough of the stuff to kill me.” He smirked weakly.
John snapped out of his sulky behaviour when he noticed Sherlock stumbling a bit, immediately hopping up to help him. “Careful,” he said in a worried tone placing a hand on Sherlock’s arm to steady him as he watched him intently. “Sherlock are you sure you’re alright? Here, just… sit down.”
Mycroft looked sadly at his younger brother. “I’m afraid there’s not much we can do for him until sunrise.” he admitted solemnly.
Sherlock was oblivious to the conversation John was trying to create, despite Sherlock inability to converse. The wolf in front of John was totally consumed by the meat at this point in time.
“Sherlock- wait...” John let out an exasperated sigh as he watched the door close behind Sherlock but the doctor didn’t follow him - maybe it was best just to let him be at the moment. It had hurt John to say what he had said, hurt him to be faced with the fact that maybe Sherlock didn’t want his help. Sherlock needed to know that the way he had acted was normal and should be treated as such. He couldn’t let him believe that his natural behaviour was wrong – he shouldn’t have said anything. The army doctor let out another defeated sigh as he sunk low into his chair; all he could do now was wait until morning...
“It’s not like the movies, John.” Sherlock suddenly interjected, sensing a bit of excitement in John’s voice. “It’s not a quick bite and then the next day you can you see and hear perfectly. It’s painful, agonising, excruciating, it takes days for the transformation to complete and even then it takes months,
John groaned and turned back into the living room, pushing Sherlock back and pulling the window shut. The ex-army doctor kept his hand on Sherlock’s back for a moment, brow furrowing in concern when he felt the heat radiating off of him. “Got a fever or something?”
The blonde cringed slightly when he heard his name being shouted at him and before he was even able to respond Sherlock was hurrying towards them.
Mycroft looked at John’s face, sensing that the doctor had more questions but didn’t know how to ask them. He looked at his brother, quiet and peaceful on the floor beside him – apart from the rasping of his breath. “Although lycanthropy is a mutation itself,” Mycroft began. “Sherlock developed a secondary mutation, a fault, a disability if you like. Most full moons my brother is able to control 'the wolf', as we call it in our family, but every year on the anniversary of his first transformation -when the bond between himself and the wolf is at its strongest- he just can’t seem to control his actions nor have any memory of what occurred on the night. However, tonight...” he trailed off, looking down at his brother's wolf form. “Tonight my brother fought back and I think he has you to thank.”
John looked at Sherlock with a slightly sad expression on his face. The thought of anyone trying to hurt Sherlock put a lump in the soldier’s throat, hunting his best friend down because of what he was. He wanted to say something, but his mind was blank. “Have you ever been caught?” he asked, sadness in his voice, the words only a whisper.
“It’s not your fault.” The detective croaked, seeing the guilt written on the doctor’s face. “I should have told you.”
“When I was younger my father used to send me out into the acres of grounds we owned, not to come back until I was human again.” He started, not making eye contact with John. “As I grew older and moved out Mycroft would take me to a nearby forest, and now Mycroft sends a car and I drive.”
At the current moment Sherlock was stooped over a dead body as John and Lestrade looked on from a small distance as the sun slowly started to dim in the sky. Despite the detective working a case, Sherlock’s sulky mood was still apparent and was contagious as John stood stiff next to Lestrade. John couldn’t really blame Sherlock for his current state; he now understood that the mood swings came hand in hand with Sherlock’s ‘time-of-the-month’ – it was just biological chemistry.
I am aware that this chapter is very short so I've uploaded both parts of 'Explanation' to compensate for the shortness of this chapter! As always comments are greatly appreciated, enjoy!
John could see the anger bubbling up within Sherlock and he couldn’t understand why. He didn’t know why Sherlock hated what he was. He didn’t understand why Sherlock had always fought so hard to keep it inside, fought so hard to be human. He wished it made sense to him but it didn’t. John cared for him more than he himself was comfortable with. He wanted Sherlock to know how he felt. He wanted to force him to understand, force him to listen. He’d learned long ago to suppress this feeling, and it rarely flared up, but he was angry. Angry that Sherlock was so lost, angry at how he’d been treated, how he expected to be treated, how he pushed the wolf away and caged it until it forced its way out and attacked. It was so wrong. “Sherlock-” John spoke as he tried to interrupt the manic pacing however Sherlock’s head snapped sharply in his direction, greeting John’s voice with a growl, lips pulled back in a snarl, fangs intentionally being flashed before he continued to pace silently.
Mycroft shrugged slightly. “You may be surprised but you’ll find out soon enough, it’s almost sunrise.” he informed, double checking his watch.
“Yeah because that will work,” John responded sarcastically. “If you tell him you got in a fight while investigating something on your own, he’s damn well going to want to know what it is. Private case of not, if there’s a psychopath roaming around London, knifing people and taking chunks out of people’s arms, Greg will want to know. He’s not going to turn his head forever.”
John’s face fell with sadness. “Oh, Sherlock.” He breathed, hesitating a moment before reaching a hand over to Sherlock, setting it on his arm. Sherlock Holmes thought he was a monster, a dangerous animal to be locked away and shot on sight. “You’re not a monster.” John said shaking his head. “I saw you for a minute that night. When it, not you, it was attacking me, when you were hurt, that was really you in there. You almost beat it and I know you will be able to. We have a year before that happens again. I don’t want you to give up on getting rid of whatever it is that takes you like that. This time, you’re going to be ,you, you won’t have to worry about hurting me, yeah? We know what happens on the anniversary thing, and we know when it happens. We can fight it.” he reassured, hoping to ease Sherlock’s worries. “We’ll be ready next year.”
Sorry for the wait everyone, I'm going to write the next chapter right away so hopefully the wait isn't too long this time. Once again, many apologies!
More scenes of fires. Pictures of a guy carrying what looks like a viking spear, ambling down the street, people fleeing in his wake. Mycroft unlocks his phone and is already tapping out furious commands.
Lestrade considered himself fairly opened minded when it comes to changes and advancement in technology. Sure he’d struggled with his smart TV and his bloody smartphone, but he’d conquered them all in the end. However, when it comes to a homicide investigation he prefers the old fashioned approach.
John twists carefully out of the bathroom as two paramedics rush in and fall to their knees next to Glen Reese and he knows that the Omega is in safe their hands.
Was revenge the only thing they wanted? Or were they after the money that had disappeared from the victims’ accounts? How has Moriarty managed to persuade Edward Blithely to participate in this mad scheme? Because surely, this was not something Edward had managed to concoct himself.
“He’s feisty,” the young constable preens and John’s pretty sure Sherlock or he would have punched the smirk off his face if DI Lestrade hadn’t chosen that very moment to return.
“I know that guy,” a high pitched voice shrieks with glee, “the private detective, Sherlock Holmes. He’s a bloody Alpha, I’m sure.”
"This whole Alpha-Omega business" his father replies darkly, "there´s this newspaper article  about an Alpha attacking a young man and scarring him for life."
The kitchen is of the old fashioned type, yet equipped to be able to cater for a large household with pots and pans hanging on the walls, a large stove and a fridge that could probably contain an entire human body.
Sherlock says all this in a rush of words while he’s sweeping his hand across the files strewn across the floor, a small grin slung on his face.
“Oh, yes, just-” the rest of her sentence is cut short when Sherlock squeezes inside, cradling a sleeping Sam against his shoulder. The entire room turns to him. Mrs. Hudson isn’t able to bury her surprise fast enough to prevent it from reaching her face.
He gets up. He showers, brushes his teeth, has a small breakfast, and then, finally, decides to step outside.
“Yes. They were folded and placed at the back of the gym. On top were their drivers licenses, they wanted these guys easily identified. Here-”
“The new occupant has a medical disability, ” John says, “so we needed to be certain the flat was up to standards.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrow as he searches John’s face. John wonder what emotions he finds hidden there. Desire. Desperation. Love.
There is blood all over Doctor Fenway’s face and his battered mouth hangs open. His eyes are swollen closed. He is tied to his chair, his arms behind his back, and the plastic strips that had been used to bind his hands have bruised the thin skin on his wrists.  The cardigan is stained red with blood from his face and the multiple gunshot wounds to his chest.  The wall of diplomas behind his head is mottled with sprays of blood. Even the wall behind Doctor Fenway has not escaped the gunman’s ire.  The once meticulous office has been ransacked, chairs knocked over, curtains razed, drawers open and spewing papers, and several folders have been thrown across the floor.
The final button is popped free and he slides the cardigan off John’s shoulders as his mouth continues its sultry caress along his jaw to the spot just below his right ear. His breath hitches as Sherlock laps at his earlobe, his hands tightening on John’s shoulder, holding him still- as if any force on this planet, this
“These murders then,” Lestrade says, dipping his toe in the topic before wading in, waist deep, “Glen Reese, Jane Hill, Simon Whitewell, and the two Alphas: Joseph Braithsworth and Andrew Nash, how are they connected to everything?”
Well. Things would go back to normal and everything would be just fine. Millions of cells are replaced every day and soon whatever cells is making John think he’s attracted to Sherlock will decay and be replaced by new ones.
“Of course,” he swallows down the desperate edge in his voice and the word stumbles out tattered around the edges.
Lestrade frowns at Sally, who shrugs her surprise at the detective inspector. With a sigh, Lestrade reads the formalities before pausing the interview again and moving to the door.
He drags his arm free and clamps both of his hands around the elbow pressing him against the wall. John pushes with all his might, but all it earns him is a low, rumbling chuckle.
He wakes to Sam’s hands against his cheek, the scent of coffee and the curious sound of cooking. John blinks against the light. Early, he concludes from the angle of the rays. He scrubs a hand across his eyes and Sam’s smiling face becomes clear.
"I did as you asked," Lestrade fails to contain his yawn. "I talked to the Warden on duty when John was checked out, and only Jane Hill showed him her ID badge. Then I went searching in the records and had to go back almost two years to find when the card activated."
Saanvi tries to sound braver than she feels, tries to convince herself that there is nothing to worry about. It is just some silly fog and the school yard isn’t that big. All they have to do is to continue forwards and then they’ll reach the front doors.
There are plenty of kids about, most of them school children on an excursion, but also families enjoying a day off work. The exhibits enrapture Sam, though whenever his contemplation of the animal is interrupted by the arrival of a gaggle of children, he hurries to John’s side with a frightened expression. The feeling of Sam’s anxious grip makes John realize that he needs to research suitable pre-schools and that maybe he needs to revisit the information on cochlear implants. They aren’t going to be uprooted every year by Mycroft’s concern, it is time to settle and get back to life. At Baker Street. Though, probably with fewer nights spent chasing down dangerous criminals and less body parts in the fridge.
“Well,” Glen Reese clasps his hands together and beams at the spread of food on the table: pasta, fresh salads and fruits, grilled chicken, and warm bread. John admits that it’s probably the healthiest lunch ever consumed in 221B. He slides onto a chair and pulls over a carton of food at Glen Reese’s eager beckoning.
John’s mind scrambles for purchase, trying not to feel offended by the casual tone in which Mycroft describes his life.
However, less than eight hours later he’s crouching under the police tape to enter Doctor Fenway’s office.
It’s a gentle kiss, for all of about two heart beats before Sherlock nudges John backwards, walking him  into the living room, kissing and nipping at his lips, his hands curling over John’s shoulders. John falls easily into the rhythm, kissing back daringly, pressing his mouth fiercely against Sherlock’s and grabbing hold of the lapels of his jacket.
Lestrade opens the door, and after a moment of internal debate, Sherlock follows, hands in his pockets, shoulders hunched almost to his ears. The crowd follows them down the corridor, other doors opening as they pass, curious onlookers peering at the odd procession. Detective Inspector Lestrade’s quick, determined strides, Sherlock’s shuffled gait, John following them, hands in his pocket and the hairs on the back of his neck prickling.
On the other side of the door is a concrete staircase, leading up to a slanted, metal hatch and John realizes they are actually in a modern air raid shelter.
John nods. Closes his eyes and tries to fend off the headache he knows is coming in the wake of the confrontation of all these thoughts and emotions he’s been carrying for Sherlock.
“It’s just such a wonderful feeling, being with somebody who you really belong to: mind, body, and soul. Your perfect match, somebody who completes, fills this void in you. Somebody who will tend to you and take care of your needs and who will give you children and a home. You just know when you’ve found your Alpha, his scent is so…. it’s so enticing, and his touch is addictive and you just want to stay with him forever.” Glen Reese sighs blissfully, and John feels his cheeks burn.
Doctor Fenway´s gaze remains even and his voice calm, but to John´s pounding headache his voice sounds like nails on a chalkboard. John cringes and sinks back into his chair, wishing a black hole would simply swallow him up. His skin feels like it´s on fire, it itches and he keeps studying his hands and arms, looking for the welts of mosquito bites.
He’s not really sure how Sherlock would react to finding out his new flatmate is an Omega. He’s not really one to be concerned with social conventions and he’s never expressed any opinion whatsoever on the Alpha/Omega dynamic. But John doesn’t want to test Sherlock’s indifference.
“Well,” Glen consults his pudding cup for advice while he muddles through his response. “I’ve known him all my life, well, ever since, you know. I was sixteen. I was very sorry to hear when I called his office to hear that he had been shot! Who would do such an awful thing! He was always so helpful, telling me what to do with my life. He told me what school to go to, what to study. Did you know that, well, many thinks there is a lot of paperwork in social services, but it is all very fascinating, you know. Forms. Regulations. It’s important work. Very responsible and…”
“Talk,” John wets his lips. A few days ago he wanted to talk to Glen Reese himself, but now that the Omega is in his office he’s suddenly lost all the desire to. He dislikes how stereotypically Omega Glen Reese is, as if he’s eager to conform to society’s opinion about their gender. He’s everything John hates about being an Omega.
Sam is eating something from a bowl, blueberries if the mess on his face is any indication, struggling to navigate his round fists from the bowl to his mouth without losing his food. His eyes are fixated on Mrs. Kettle who is rattling off instructions on the proper decorum of tea, even if Sam can’t hear her.
“Was he complaining of a headache before the seizure occurred? Did he fall and hit his head? Did he have trouble speaking or complain about fuzzy vision?”
In vivid detail, stark, harsh colours and dissonant soundtrack. It’s easy to do. It’s the same thoughts and fears that plagued him when he sat down in doctor Fenway’s office for the first time, after barely escaping being sexually assaulted. There had been no lucky escape for Glen Reese or anybody else on Edward’s list. And those responsible had walked free, to take more lives.
“We’re fine,” John emphasizes and wonders what sort of pep talk Mycroft’s given these guys that make them so hesitant to disobey his orders. “Really.”
They practice on Sam’s glass of juice before Sam sets off to search for other prints, while John dutifully follows his every step, acting as his assistant. It’s a job he’s quite proficient at.
"We hear far worse at school," Harriet chirps, earning a worried frown from their mother and a puzzled glance from John. He certainly never hears anything.
“Every signature has…. A fingerprint, the way we write certain letters, where we put the pressure, the curls and lines. Lestrade recognized mine on his name written on the transfers paper that put Simon Whitewell into the care of the still elusive driver who took him to the elementary school to be hanged.”
John tries his best to muddle through an explanation of aerodynamics in sign language though he suspects that by the end Sam’s no closer to understanding exactly how planes work. He seems content, though, pressing his face against the window and he giggles as the entire plane trembles through take off. Mrs. Kettle is clutching the armrests, her knuckles white and her lips moving in what is probably a prayer. Not for the first time, John thinks that Mycroft isn’t paying her enough.
Their first witness is a tall woman with long dark hair streaked with gray and twisted into two long braids that frames an oval face. John thinks that she must have been quite beautiful when she was younger. Today she is wearing a plaid shirt and a pair of oil stained jeans. John can pick out the distinct scent of motor oil and gasoline of an old car engine. She studies them both suspiciously for a long moment and when neither John nor Sherlock does anything to break the silence she says slowly.
“Doctor George Fenway, 67, unmarried, no children. He was the leading specialist on Alpha-Omega psychology and physiology and was considered the leading authority in his field.  Until six months ago he still gave an occasional lecture at King’s College, but he had retired from the majority of his teaching obligations to focus on his research. He’s noted for the publication of several case studies on Alphas but, curiously enough, he never published anything on Omegas. His last publication was four years ago.”
John doesn´t quite understand what he’s seeing. Why would Sherlock have his own blood tested? The reading is normal, except for the high levels of cortisol. He stares at the paper for a long time, until he realizes the room is dark.
“Two weeks,” Mycroft says smoothly. He surveys the living room like a crocodile breaking the water’s surface to inspect its surroundings. John wonders what he deduces from all the Christmas decorations. Can he tell that they are all Sherlock’s construct? Are some of these items familiar to him? Are they old Holmes heirlooms?
“John’s been drugged, but the drugs haven’t taken full effect yet. Look, he’s stumbling here, trying to resist, but his movements are sluggish.”
I also wish to apologize if this comes off as a major prologue, but I feel that John´s backstory is necessary to explain the Omegaverse as it is the bones of the story.
“Olly olly oxen free?" Lestrade glances up at Sherlock, “what does that mean, where did you get it?"
“You are brilliant!” Sherlock’s proud voice curls down his spine and John braces a hand against the wall. “You need to come down here. Bring the answering machine.”
He takes out the carton of milk, closes the fridge slowly, pours a small drop of milk into the tea, thinks about Sherlock’s whispered promise. If he wasn’t so lost in his Mind Palace, he’d give him a proper snog. They’ll be fine.
In two strides John’s over by Cobb’s corpse, he takes the gun out of his limp fingers, discharges the clip and the bullet, and tucks it into his pants. Jane Hill’s gun he secures safely at the small of his back.
He shakes him gently by the shoulders, but Glen Reese doesn’t respond. John runs his hand over the back of Glen Reese's head, he can't find any signs of injuries, but on his neck he feels the small bump of a needle puncture mark. He carefully lifts Reese’s eyelids open and in the pale light he can see his pinhole pupils.
John knows DI Lestrade is trying to lighten the mood, but he can hear the real anger and frustration behind his words.
Lestrade finds refuge in his cooling tea and tries to navigate his thoughts to safer water, but today conversation with Mrs. Hudson is a hollow sea.
Lestrade takes the steps slowly. He can almost picture Sherlock sitting in that ridiculous chair of his, immaculately dressed, fingers steepled and looking all disapproved at Lestrade for his tardiness.
“And the reason for your….distress?” Sherlock is trying his best to keep his repulsion out of the last word. He understands now why John had wanted to keep his association with Glen a secret. Not only would Sherlock ridiculed him, but he would have quickly deduced that the only reason John would keep a man like this within his circle of associates would be because they had something in common.
On the other side of the en suite is Sam’s room. A bed is secured along one wall with a railing running parallel along the length of the bed, probably to keep Sam from rolling out of his bed during the night. There are plenty of toys on the dark, wooden desk under the window, such as a geometric puzzle of wooden blocks, stackable mirror blocks, magnetic tiles, stuffed animals, a toy microscope, dozens of puzzles and pedantic books about numbers, letters and sign language. These are nice toys, all of them catered to encourage Sam’s problem-solving and critical thinking skills. These are toys that Sherlock would have approved of.
"Now you´re getting it! Your first Heat in what…almost twenty years?" She pats his knee and smiles, "it’s gonna be fun."
Sherlock moves across the room to stand behind him. John can feel his breath ghosting over the back of his neck. He feels his pulse quicken and he knows the answer is yes.
“Mr. Blithley,” Lestrade folds his hands on the table and turns his attention fully to Edward, “I am D.I Lestrade and this is sergeant Donovan.”
“Plenty of dark corners of the internet for like-minded individuals to find each other,” Lestrade mutters.
He lingers behind the corner for a moment (certainly not lurking) to give himself a few seconds to watch John and Sam’s interaction (which was quickly becoming his most favorite thing to observe.)
Sam’s face lights up when he sees John, and he immediately stretches his chubby hand out at him. John’s heart thrills in his chest, all his unease vanishes after a toothy grin from the toddler. He closes the distance between them, eats the offered berry straight from Sam’s sticky hand, making sure to blow cool air on the wet skin. Sam giggles, while his free hand moves to the air, signing
“There, now.” John steps back, letting Sherlock’s hand fall away, only a few inches from Sherlock’s fingers and Sherlock wants to reach out and grab it, but he thinks that he doesn’t have that right anymore.
The memory is carved in stone and having read about it a couple of hours earlier has made it stand out that much more clearly. John has to swallow before he can speak and the words taste foul on his mouth.
During the early hours of dawn, winter begins its slow siege of London. There’s a distinctive bite to the wind, which drives the early morning commuters to huddle together like penguins, while school children arm themselves with heavy scarves and coats as they trudge down the dark streets. Even when the pale English sun breaks the clouds, the day continues to be sharp and cold.
The sound of the firedoor on the third floor opens and closes, and Sherlock quickens his pace. He rounds the landing, and heads up the final flight of stairs, he’ll be in the corridor just in time to see which apartment Crawford enters. His mind is already formulating the response to possible scenarios that will await him on the other side of the door. Crawford will be confrontational and aggressive. He’s a former serviceman (marine) but time and alcohol has lied waste to his body and his reflexes. He might have brute strength on his side, but Sherlock is quicker and sharper.
John’s own pulse is drumming under Sherlock’s caress. John tips his head to look up at Sherlock and sees the dent between Sherlock’s brows. Caution. Uncertainty. His eyes flit intently over John’s face though John’s not sure what he’s looking for. Permission? Refusal? A demand that he’d better back off right now?
Who are the 'we' she referred to? Herself and Cobb? What vested interested could they possibly have in Sherlock and his relationship? How could she possibly know how Sherlock preferred to think of his own body?
The thought made him livid. To have his choices dictated to biology, he won´t stand for it. He is determined now, to join the military. He´ll learn how to fight and defend himself and others. He was never going to let himself be in situation again where he would have to beg.
Something shifts on Sherlock’s face, a new emotion simmering in his eyes, and he reaches out to place his hand carefully against Sam’s back. Sam stops his squirming and John feels the grip on his neck tighten, just for a second, before it relaxes. Sherlock’s anxiousness is evident in everything but his touch. His hand skims tenderly up Sam’s back, brushing the short curls at the nape of his neck, while his gaze is locked on the tiny rise and fall of Sam’s back.
John tries to suppress a snigger.  Andrew´s infatuation with Rose Campbell has been something of a reoccurring theme all throughout their friendship and he has been, unsuccessfully, trying to court her for the past two years. The closest he´s come to asking her out was accidentally running over her bike when he was practicing for his driver´s license.
And then, things start to change between them. Well, it changes for John and he doesn´t realize it until Sherlock decides to test his powers of observation and deduction.
John lifts his shoulders into a brief shrug. “An experienced physician or nurse would have been able to make an approximate guess. I’d say there’s a bit of a risk involved in drugging Alphas on Stesolid, their body chemistry usually dissolves toxins faster. This seems like a well planned venture, so they must have known the drug would work, which would indicate either prior experience or extensive medical knowledge.”
That Sherlock knew that John was an Omega? That DI Dregs' Alpha display in the interrogation room had brought out the side of Sherlock that Sherlock himself disdains? Was John supposed to see that this was all John's chemical imbalance taking control of them?
The manor is a two-story structure with cool stone tiles, white walls and paintings of hunting and fishing scenes.  He spots Mycroft sitting in the living room, hunched over a laptop, frowning at the screen. There’s a bodyguard standing by the doorway to the living room and he points the way to the kitchen before John’s even asked.
“So, yeah. I came over to help with the packing. Annabell let me in and said she had just gotten back from her run, but couldn’t get a response from Ann in the bathroom.  We tried knocking on the bathroom door, trying to get her to open it.”  He pauses and swallows and John can see his eyes are shiny with tears.
John hears the door upstairs being yanked open. Sherlock appears at the top of the stairs, looking down at the two of them. His face is bloodied, but John thinks he shouldn’t have stopped with the one punch.
Sherlock speeds up the recording again and points to the image of the trio helping John into the car. The response chimes in on his phone and he glance at it, typing his response as he talks to Lestrade.
, Sam insist, and he stuffs his collection of fingerprint cards, the kit, a couple of wooden blocks, the art book and a car into his yellow backpack.
John grimaces under the scrutiny, seems ready to give up on what he is saying, but bravely he soldiers on. He looks straight at Sherlock, his shoulders rolled back when he says, “you are his father.”
“Well,” Moriarty says, “with John’s help, you’ve surely figured it out. If not, I’m going to be disappointed.”
"What did he look like? Are you confident that it was a man?" John asks. He´s certain Sherlock will react if he asks Mr. Reese if he was able to smell him.
Lestrade hands Sherlock his security card and Sherlock grabs it with two fingers, twisting it around to study the guilloche pattern, flickering in vivid colors of blue and silver. This precise, repetitive pattern, created by a mathematical formula and almost impossible to copy. There is a digital image of Lestrade on the back, from before he met Sherlock and had less grey in his hair.
Sam chews on a slice of apple, his eyes the same shade of serious, the same strange in-between colors as the sky, as Sherlock’s eyes.
John’s distracted by his dark thoughts when Sam decides to experiment with the laws of gravity by using his glass of milk. He is instantly displeased with the result when John pries him out of the chair, milk dripping onto the floor. Sam whines and stuffs his sticky fingers into John’s hair.
. The words echo like a dark drum beat between the building. The Alpha’s grip on the window frame tightens.
“I met the new neighbor,” John announces as he shrugs off his wet jacket. He finds a peg for it, next to Sherlock’s Belstaff and Lestrade’s mac.
“Perhaps the torturer was squeamish and preferred not to get his hands directly dirty,” Anderson suggests in a tone of voice that makes it difficult to tell if he’s serious or just joking.
In the end, he pushes a few toys aside and lowers himself to the floor. Sam studies him from this new perspective and while Lestrade had pointed out how the kid was a carbon copy of Sherlock, Sherlock sees so much of John in their son. The curve of the shell of his ear, the slope of his neck, the tiny frown at the cat shaped puzzle piece, his chubby fingers, and his relatively small hands. He carries his scent too (tea, wool, rain, soap). Sherlock is aware of his stomach turning over slowly, but he doesn’t know what to make of it.
John goes through the motions of an external and preliminary examination of the victim.  He makes a note of the extensive abuse Doctor Fenway suffered: several blows to the face, his nose is bloodied, but not broken.  There is a cut on the left of his forehead that looks to have been made by a blunt instrument. There’s a marble reward plaque sitting on his desk, stained by blood and small clumps of hair, and it doesn’t require the mind of a consulting detective to put the two together. The only other bruising he can see is on Doctor Fenway’s wrists.
It’s been almost twenty years, but John remembers the small, beady eyes, the broad shoulders, and the harsh, acrid scent that surges over him. Realization hits him like a ton of bricks and for a moment his vision dances in a sickening array of bright colors and he worries that he is about to pass out. Then he feels something slither through him, something gelid, and dark, and tranquil, before it settles down in the pits of his stomach, knowing that this is where it belongs, and it makes itself at home.
She smiles a tight, red, pull of lips and moves to lift Sherlock’s pillows back, before she eases his bed up in a slightly upright position.
“I was upset.…I slammed my fist at his desk and the filing cabinets, which is how my fingerprints got there. But I left right after that woman interrupted us.”
“But you are still going to ask.” There’s a challenge in Sherlock’s voice, like a schoolmate's daring.
He returns home to their- his now- flat and spends the next few hours staring at the wall. Waiting for news. He keeps his phone in his hand at all times, staring at the screen. Part of him is  still waiting for the phone to ring and for DI Lestrade or Molly to tell him they've made some horrible mistake and that Sherlock is still alive.
He doesn’t doubt it. Burrell looks like he could complete the two-mile Army Run without breaking a sweat.
“And, for the record…” John leans forward, even if the angle is awkward and painful, presses his forehead against Sherlock’s and for a moment they share the sliver of air between them. “
“Get some fire trucks or something in here to block the street, Christ, we don’t need this to turn into another bloody circus,” he orders.
He likes the thought of it. That the suave Alpha, the brilliant detective, this wonderful human being will carry John’s handprints on his skin. It’s such a possessive thought and John tries to ignore it, but his entire body is thrumming with heat and he
“Detective inspector, I wanted to….” John starts, struggling to keep up with DI Lestrade’s long strides.
“I like having the occasional ordinary lunch, but I don’t expect you to…change or be anything else or less than who you are,” John stifles a nervous laughter and dips his head until his forehead rests against Sherlock’s chest.
Moriarty had not gone to all this trouble last time he took John hostage. Framing John for Fenway’s murder and snatching him from the middle of the police custody cell was all….well, it was all very
Sherlock promises, though Sam isn't convinced. He fidgets against Sherlock’s attempt to work his zipper.
If she’s expecting shock and awe from her friend, she is disappointed. The redhead snorts dismissingly, “I heard that the dead guy was an Alpha and that somebody was just showing him how far they are willing to go.”
A lot of thanks to my beta, albinofrog, who does not give up on me, you are wonderful! My beta finished editing this at 3 am, and I, being very eager to post it, is posting it at 6 am, after just a quick skim-through. I may go back and edit it slightly later on.
Toby Henricks looks up sharply at Annabell Lewis words and John gets the feeling that he doesn’t really agree with her statement.  He doesn’t say anything though, just resumes his fiddling with his tie.
“Obviously,”Sherlock replies in that exasperated tone of voice he uses whenever he’s confronted with the stupidity of the human race.
The radiator is under the window and he’s already fetched the right tools when he recognizes the look of comprehension on Molly’s face. He busies himself with unfastening the cap on the radiator dial, hiding his own expression.
“Hello, John Watson. I wish I could say I’m surprised to see you, but where Sherlock Holmes goes, you are likely to follow.”
"This is the name and number of a supplier. Upon my instructions, he´ll provide you the Suppressants without logging your name in any database. They´ll come disguised as vitamins. He´ll give you as many as you wants. I am only offering you this because, well- John" Doctor Fenway clears his throat. John thinks he looks chagrined, but he quickly schools his features.  "I want you to promise me something in return."
John folds the paper away, hides it in one of the cupboards. He’ll show it to Sherlock, later. He wants this ordinary lunch, he doesn’t want think about Glen Reese or Edward Blithely’s announcement on the television. He shuts his eyes and navigates his attention to picking up the occasional sound of Sherlock’s voice drifting from Sam’s room. They are talking about a puzzle. He hears Sherlock’s guiding Sam to solve the problem in a soft, patient voice that he doesn’t think he’s ever heard from Sherlock before, yet it sounds like the most natural thing in the world.
“It’s fine, Sherlock. Really.” John says calmly, anything to stop the two Alphas from jumping at each other again. “I’ll go with DI Lestrade.”
The dinner is lovely, as it always is, and when John is finished, Sam raises his arm and John lifts him out of the high chair. Sam wraps his arms around his neck and buries his face against his shoulder and John holds him, presses him close, for a moment, allows himself to breathe in his warmth.
“Just… ” John wipes a hand down his face, erasing the grit of sleep from his eyes, “just calm down and we can talk about it tomorrow,” he offers.
“You’ll want to do as he says.” A languish voice says from the cell opposite his and John suddenly thinks it sounds strangely familiar. The man, however, is curled around a book, his back to bars.
“He can be a little shy,” John explains, grinning a bit. He looks embarrassed, as if his child misbehaving reflects badly on him. Their child. Bloody hell.
John looks to Sherlock, but Sherlock twists his head away, refusing to meet his gaze. His shoulders are hunched, and John can almost smell the tension and unease radiating off his shoulders, thick as the smog of London.
“Matt, go down and try and get the crowd to shut up, would you?” She turns to her partner and Matt hesitates, pauses to assess the situation. He takes in his partner’s careful, slightly tilted smile, the Alpha’s pleading gaze.
“When I met you, John, I was…so happy. I had never met another Omega before and I thought….I thought you would understand what it was like, to enjoy being with somebody who’s possessed you so completely.”
Crawford’s face remains studied and perfect, the only indication that Sherlock is right is the slight whitening of his knuckles around the gun. He folds one leg over the other and calmly settles his folded hands on top of his knees. Crawford watches his every move with a calculating gaze.  Behind the wall of his friends and with the lifeline of his phone, Crawford had been in control. Now he just needs to make him lose it, with losing his own.
“It’s why my wife left me, sometimes…sometimes I just get so…so mad at everything and I can’t…I don’t know what to do.”
“I’m preparing turkey for dinner, and a fruitcake for dessert. Mycroft and Mrs. Kettle is coming and so must you.”
Come on then, John replies and Sam tucks his tiny hand into John’s and the together they disappear down the corridor and towards Sam’s room.
“He is quite safe,” Mycroft says, his voice softening at the noticeable concern in Lestrade’s voice. Sam and Toby have been secured away in a spare bedroom Mycroft has kept prepared for a necessary occasions. Sam hasn’t asked after his parents yet, too occupied with the myriad of puzzles and books Mycroft bestowed on him to keep him occupied. He’s promising himself that he’ll have good news for his nephew tomorrow.
Mycroft looks like he’s bitten into something vile but is too polite to spit out. “Popular opinion is a changing trend. In a few days there will be some new scandal that draws their attention away,” Mycroft replies in a way that makes Sherlock suspect that if something doesn’t appear by itself, Mycroft will ensure it.
One of Mycroft’s men, a tall one dressed in a pinstriped suit and shoes that are definitely unsuitable for the Highlands, follows them outside.  He stands rigidly by the door and tells John not to go beyond the courtyard. John tries hard not to think of him as a bodyguard.
“David made me think of you, just… the way you acted around Sherlock Holmes and the things you said,” Glen Reese repeats. “Doctor Fenway thinks this is just a way for you to try and escape the reality of your situation.”
“I recognize that look on your face,” Lestrade tells John with a sigh. “Sherlock looked much the same. This Moriarty is like, what did Sherlock call him… a spider?”
John steps aside as a stretcher is carried in and wishes he could be surprised to see Mycroft arriving behind, his grip tight on the handle of his umbrella as he survives the scene. He’s trying to look impassive, though John recognizes the worry in his hooded look, he’d seen it in Sherlock when John had been wrapped in a semtex vest.
John tries to imagine Lestrade’s face at Sherlock turning down the news that might give them a proper break in the case for once, in order to stay home and do something as normal as having breakfast.
A few weeks ago they had been looking through a picture book together and practicing the signs for animals. Of all the animals, Sam had been most interested in the otters, and he spent the following days asking questions about what they ate, how long were their tails, where did they come from and if one might come to visit him? John had been saved from having to secretly Google the answers on his phone by Mycroft’s calm explanations, that the otters lived in rivers and swamps, that their tail could be up to 35cms long, and that their primary diet consisted of fish. On Sam’s last question, he’d been suspiciously tight-lipped and John wondered, not for the first time, if Sam might not have wrapped the most powerful man in Britain around his little finger.
When the students had finished reading, Ms. Julie Summers started to calmly talk about her childhood. Like Edward Blithley, her voice was smooth and calm, without a hint of anger or resentment. She enthralled and captured her audience from her very first words and never before had the students paid such rapt attention to what was being said at the lecture podium. A single tear trickles down her cheek. Every word seeded something in them, a desire to fight for her cause, that it was now their cause as well, and never before in their young life had they ever felt anything so keenly.
It's utterly repulsive. The woman is shaped like a soda-bottle and her smile tells him she's not seen the inside of a dentist's office for at least fifteen years. She's been flirting it for eight point seven minutes, escalating from twisting a lock of hair around her finger (long, luscious hair, an ancient display of fertility), to the little tilt of her head, (an attempt to seem delicate and frail and instill a sense of protectiveness in the DI. )
“So, you see, well, I hope you don’t find me too much of an imposition, the lunch was more of an excuse than anything, but I am so glad you wanted to share it with me. It wasn’t all that difficult to figure out where you live, with you being a minor celebrity and all,” Glen Reese starts and moves over to the tote bag and fishes out a slender book with a brown paper cover.
“Annabell Lewis was waiting for Toby Henricks, so she looked through the peephole to make sure it was him at the door.”
“Yes.” John fixes his gaze somewhere over DI Dregs right shoulder to an invisible spot on the mirror. He knows what is coming now, what DI Dregs have been building up to.
Of course, John would not want to admit to being an Omega, and at least not one that is going to have a mock version of his life published and dissected by his medical colleagues.
“How did Mr. Reese come to be in possession of this book?” DI Dregs asks, completely ignoring Anderson’s outburst.
They find an empty seat, but Sherlock remains standing, his good arm hooked around the support rod, looming over them. Sam has one hand fisted in John’s collar, while his other hand is clutching his toy dog. John feels strangely satisfied with the normalcy of it all. Taking the tube, just like one of thousands of other Londoners without the shadow of one of Mycroft’s men, at least none that he can see. It feels nice, to be boxed in by Sherlock’s large frame. Safe.
John slides one hand up the slope of Sherlock’s arm to his shoulder, the other circles his waist and he feels the tension drain from Sherlock’s body, feels the brief sigh against the crown of his head. John feels guilty for not recognizing the uncertainty Sherlock’s been carrying. He’s worried about their place in his life and Sherlock must have worried about the very same thing.
It was not, John later concludes, a very fortunate mixture. Still, it has made him pleasantly buzzed and the encounter with the broad-shouldered guy from earlier has already been suppressed.
The next morning dawns, crisp and clear and London seems almost desolate in the harsh, pale light. It’s one of those Sundays when it seems that everybody has decided to barricade themselves inside against the chill. Sam is bundled up securely against the cold with his hat pulled so far down over his head that not a single lock of hair is visible. His nose and cheeks are tinted pink by the frigid wind and his breath escapes in puffs of air as he points excitedly at a passing dog, one hand firmly locked in John’s.
It did not take the media long to realize that the men and women responsible for the economic upheaval were all Alphas and Omegas. Two months later, a former sergeant was found hanged outside his house in Wickford, followed by financial solicitor shot in Tilbury. By the end of October, Doctor Alexander Lee Finkle founded a political party called True Britain. It promised to hold Alphas and Omegas accountable for the money they had stolen. Within a few weeks, social media were flourishing with hatred-fueled messages promising revenge. Alphas were violent and unstable, a social menace who had sucked Britain dry. They had to be controlled. Secured in a way that would stop them from ever bringing ruin to Britain again. It gained immense popularity. There was nobody who openly drew parallels to history, but they were evident enough.
John´s chokes on his own breath as he feels the slick slide of a tongue running along his trembling pulse and darting into his ears.
“Perhaps that is why you tortured Doctor Fenway before killing him, you were hoping he would give up the location of the book. You wanted to stop him from exposing you.” DI Dregs pushes himself slowly out of his chair and looms over the table. John bites back a vitriolic response, but he doesn’t want to let DI Dregs try to rile him up with his blatant display of dominating body language. He forces the chair back and stands up, though even pulling himself to his full height he barley reaches DI Dregs’ shoulder.
“I know,” John says, lowering himself to sit on Sherlock’s bedside. “I’ve just had a bit of a scare,” he admits. The words hold layers of meanings behind them that Sherlock will allow John to hide. He thinks about Mycroft’s quiet confession of how difficult things had been for John, and knows that he must re-examine the evidence from their first meeting after he came back from the dead, that someday they will actually need to have a conversation about it.
“If you are old enough to commit these heinous acts of crimes, you are old enough to suffer the consequences.”
“Is it?” Sherlock asks after a moment of silence and John suspects it to be a gift of kindness to John. Sherlock would never take that long to recognize the teenager. He wonders how many more these he will need from Sherlock before he can trust himself to walk onto this black ice that’s covering their past. A few more, probably.
He had introduced himself, gruffly, as DI Dregs. There had been an odd moment when Sherlock, strolling into the crime scene with his usual air of royalty arriving for a coronation, had frozen in his steps and glared at DI Dregs. John had been reminded of the time Lydia had brought home a dog and their old house cat had glared at the intruder with such hostility  that John had been glad that looks could not kill.  DI Dregs had simply bid Sherlock a cursory nod before retreating to the corner of the room, his arms crossed, and his expression wooden as he surveyed the crime scene with glacial calm.  Sherlock hadn’t given him more than a second glance before he descended upon the crime scene with his usual enthusiasm, though not before taking the time to loudly lament Anderson’s presence and the negative effect it had on the collective intellect of the room.
“Anyways, this Alpha swoops in and saves me like a knight in shining armor,” Glen Reese grins crookedly, a faint blush creeping across his cheeks, “and we spent my first Heat together, and we Bonded and Mated a few days later.”
DI Lestrade gestures John to the cold, hard chair the suspects always sit in, the one facing the mirror. He slides onto the chair and folds his hands on the table, willing himself to stare into the mirror and lock eyes with the invisible Sherlock Holmes on the other side.  John refuses to let his instincts make a coward out of him.
John crouches down in the corridor and untangles Sam from his hat, scarf, and coat. Sam clings to his shoulders, even as John yanks off his boots and frees him from the thick sweater he had insisted on this morning. He runs a hand through his son’s curls; his hair damp with sweat and his shirt is sticking to his body.
“Look!” He insists, jabbing the screen with his ring finger. “The insignias, the lapels on their shirt. They are wrong. The constable symbols are too high up; they are where a sergeant’s symbols would be.”
“It could be the most obvious of fictions, it would not matter. That wasn’t the point,” Sherlock says without looking at Lestrade, he is however, still looking at John, and then he opens Lestrade’s desk and hands John a bundle of papers without as much as by your leave.
Molly’s description is an understatement, the place was wrecked. Books have been torn down from the shelves, pictures slanting on the wall, television smashed and the sofa cushion shredded. The floor was littered with books, magazines, pieces of a jigsaw puzzle and chess pieces. The cables Mrs. Nash used as her noose seemed to have come from the expensive stereo that lies in broken pieces on the floor. There’s broken ceramic and glass treaded into the carpet. The old-fashioned cassette message machine sits on the floor, somehow managing to escape the havoc.
And so later that day, we found ourselves in the vicinity of Cathédrale Saint-Nazaire, at the gates of the town prison, accompanied by both Vernet and Didier.
Red eyes, mad like raging bull’s, met mine. The man roared for the last time and immediately went after me, his fingers twisted into claws reaching for my throat with murderous intent.
Julian was a revelation for me. He was charismatic, erudite and mysterious, he belonged to the leading circle of a fascinating movement and he was an invert like me… I was quite dazzled.
Sherlock looks up, blinks as if somebody has suddenly flooded the apartment in bright light. He stares at John, and John can positively see the flash of deduction leading him straight to the answer, that for the first time in a long time, John had reached first.
This is really the last thing he needs, Glen Reese giving voice to everything John’s been trying to suppress for the last couple of weeks.
Allen Farren tries to stifle a loud whimper with his hands, dropping his tablet to the floor.  He rushes out of the room with a loud sob, his footsteps clicking away until they hear a door slam. The rest of the room watches him disappear in awkward silence before they look to Sherlock.
? He is bloody calm. No, he doesn’t want to have a cup of tea! He plants his fist into somebody’s face, hears a curse and feels the pain of his knuckles as they come away bloody. He hadn’t curled his fist properly and pain blooms in his fingers. Another arm is on him, dragging him away and as he raises his hand for another strike he feels two strong arms encircling him, pinning him against a strong, unforgiving mass of muscle.
He wants Sherlock to ask him to stay. He doesn’t, of course. Sherlock maintains most of his focus on whatever is on his mobilw, but now and again he steals a glance at John. John hates the way Sherlock is looking at him, like they aren’t even friends anymore. John feela like he’s going to throw up and he forces down a piece of dry toast to remove the taste of bile rising in his throat.
“He did it to avoid having to play Moriarty’s game,” Mycroft says, “I doubt he chose to resurface.” Mycroft pauses and twists his lips in something that is probably meant to resemble a smile. “If it was to have the desired effect he would have continued the ruse until Moriarty was dead.”
“How you figured it all out,” John beckons. Sherlock won’t let anything slip, but maybe John can get some new information and puzzle things together.
“It’s been marvelous, John, it’s been a lark and a joy!” Sherlock exclaims, his eyes glowing with the same delight John ever sees when Sherlock is inordinately pleased with himself. “Just, simply fascinating, I can’t tell you-” he turns to John, waiting, and then deciding to just push on with it.
There’s a lingering pause, and John dares a glance at the man beside him. Mycroft’s lips are pressed into a tight, unhappy line, his eyes slightly red, looking the least composed John’s ever seen him.
He pulls on his socks and shrugs on a shirt and a brown cable knit jumper. He pads downstairs, still trying to redial Glen Reese’s phone and not getting any response.
that sweeping the streets it’s not what you have in mind. But this area is known for hiking and wildlife and your records commend your field experience.” He scribbles down a name on a post-it note and hands it to Burrell.
Glen Reese is dressed in a blue checked shirt and a cardigan that John knows he has in his own wardrobe. He is smiling, as he always seems to be, his cheeks dimpled and flushed, and he gives a little wave as John rolls away from his desk to face him.
Sherlock’s eyebrows hunch and he makes a non-committal sound that John knows means that even though Sherlock trusts his estimation of time of death, he’ll wait until he has the full autopsy report before he lets it influence his deductions.
Anderson, however, doesn’t lose his triumphant smirk.  “I imagine she planned to take her own life by chlorine gas poisoning, so she sealed the room shut with tape to stop the gas from leaking out. However, when she tried to make the gas she realized that she’d bought the wrong kinds of liquids and thus she had to use the knife.”
Edward leans back in his chair and gives them a long, measuring stare before he offers a slight nod, “you may address me as Edward,” he says with a sliver of a smile.
The hallway is so cold, it’s probably just a few degrees from freezing, but when he steps into Mary’s flat he finds that it is just as cold.
The detective narrows his eyes and John can see Sherlock finally, finally slotting the final pieces together. He pulls back even more; finally letting go of John’s arms and John misses the touch so desperately he almost pleads for it to return. Sherlock furrows his brows and actually wipes his hand on the sleeve of his coat, as if John’s emotions are contagious. John scrambles for the last shreds of his coherency, he gathers them up and holds them tightly until he no longer needs the wall to keep him upright. He dares a glance at Sherlock. He’s standing at the opposite wall, his arms folded over his chest, his lips pressed in sickly grimace. Disappointment. John thinks, that is the worst thing of all. John has prepared for anger, resentment or even disinterest, but not this look as if John has just betrayed him.
The afternoon crowd is trickling into the street. People on their way home from work. Pupils on their way back from school. John really loves these quiet walks with Sherlock, but he has to stop himself from doing something insane, like nudging his shoulder against the Alpha´s.
“We have tried to get a hold of Edward Blithely for comments. Many are claiming that  it was his urging for people to gather that is the root cause of the violence.”
Burrell’s fingers tighten in his shirt and he can feel the stench of his breath against his skin, alcohol and vinegar, and something that is distinctly an aggressive alpha. He averts his face, and tries to breathe through his mouth and still the quiver of his heart, the slight shudder of-
"The point is" George says, and draws a deep breath. Best to put the book down on this Alpha and Omega nonsense and lay it down straight. "These people, Alphas and Omegas- they are an abnormality. They aren´t…..normal. They are people controlled by their hormones and by unnatural urges. A violent, dangerous bunch the lot of them. You should stay well away from them and if you ever hear anyone telling you their parents or siblings are Alphas or Omegas, you tell me straight away. Honestly, a man giving birth?" he scoffs at the absurdity.
John has almost forgotten that DI Dregs is still in the room and is startled by his irritated snort and the deadly glare he sends to Anderson though it does little to dampen his triumphant grin.
"I am positive he´s just that stupid." Sherlock says, sounding incredibly smug. "I already texted Lestrade." "I´d knew you´d get there eventually." Sherlock adds, "though I didn´t think it would take you this long." There is something about the carelessness in the tone of his voice, the way he sometimes regards John over the rim of his teacup that reminds John of a David Attenborough documentary about crocodiles and the way their eyes glints just over the surface of the water. The reptile Alpha eyes for the reptile Alpha mind.
There’s a murmur of consent amongst the crowd. Sherlock’s lips tighten to a thin, white line, but there’s a smile, hidden in the corners of his eyes, a smile that only John knows how to see.
, he yawns and sneaks his hand around Sam’s back and yanks him close enough to press a sloppy kiss to his chin. Sam giggles and fights him, half-heartedly and John lets him disentangle from the embrace
“Thanks.” He accepts the box and starts rummaging around for the appropriate tools. There’s an oddly uncomfortable silence while John works to pry loose the radiator cap. He hears the squeak of her soles against the linoleum floor as she shifts her weight from one foot to the other, the scratching of her winter jacket as she folds her arms. He feels her breath, ghosting down the back of his neck.
“Fine, yes, I understand,” Lestrade mutters, “but do you think that is what Edward Blithely was hoping to achieve by his broadcast?”
The Alpha cradles John’s face, and John feels rooted to the spot, to this moment, and then he watches Sherlock smile, slow and deliberate, watches as breath ghosts across his skin.
Alexander Lee Finkle takes a deep breath as if she needs to gather her courage before she closes the last few inches between them standing so close to John that he can taste the alcohol on her breath as she whispers, “It’s about the triple homicide.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock says, startling an expression like a stunned owl in Mycroft’s stoic face. “For taking care of them,” Sherlock explains, delighted in the myriad of new and undignified expressions he can coax out of Mycroft.
“As I told you the first time you questioned me, I don’t remember much of that day at all. I woke up at the hospital, John was there and… he looked just… and then he told me about Sherlock and….”
"Seriously, super strong?" John asks, only half paying attention to Andrew because he´s still focused on watching the BBC camera sweep between the crowd and the police officers stationed outside the crime scene. A finely dressed news reporter is talking into the camera, her face set in a stern, serious grimace, while in the background a tall, brown-haired police officer is talking to a teenager, who cannot not be much younger than John.
The room has gone absolutely still, the air so thick John is sure he could cut it with a knife. Lestrade clears his throat with some effort.
“Hello?” Gordon tries cautiously. He feels the hair on the back of his neck prickle against the chill in the room.
The fog clings to her body, sticky and humid and her coat is heavy and warm. A bead of sweat trickles down the back of her neck and she worries that her uniform will be stained before her shift has started.
“Jacob often told me that the current societal views of the Bonded Alpha/Omega Mates is an outdated notion that Hollywood has romanticized for the benefit of its audience.
The camera returns to Tom Cromwell, “The police steel themselves for more violence to come and urge once again, that parents and guardians keep their youth off the streets.”
Together they pull Glen Reese onto his side, and this time water and bile trickle freely from his mouth. Without any medical equipment, John can’t do more than guide his patient through the tremors, making sure his thrashing limbs doesn’t hit anything.
“If we summarize what we know so far…. Finkle arranges for Glen Reese to take part in a Support Group for people who have been the victim of abuse from Alpha. We know that Edward Blithely is in the same group. There is also a nurse, a lawyer and a marine…..” Lestrade turns his eyes to Yu Kosaki’s computer screen. Yu slides sideways to give the detective inspector a better view of her desktop even if the only thing on it is the countdown of the flickering files.
John lists of the places as well as he can remember.  The living room table, no, the one by the sofa. The front door, the old box, the window in Sam’s room, and a book from the living room. The one Sherlock had been reading earlier. One with a smooth, glossy cover, a book on chemistry or something. Poison, maybe? That sounds about right for Sherlock.
Edward’s smile is bright and sharp when he answers, “I think the government has a duty to adhere to the will of the people.”
“I was prepared to give my life for this country and now they want me to be content with sweeping the streets on a bullshit charge of medical discharge--” Burrell is standing now, angry flecks of red in his cheeks.
“My former husband was an Alpha,” Mrs. Hudson says. John can’t hide his surprise fast enough to stop it from reaching his face. He’s only heard passing mention of the former Mr. Hudson, that Sherlock helped ensure he was convicted and executed in Florida.
“You’re not going to hurt me.” John answered with complete certainty, looking Sherlock over, a melancholy expression on his face as he dropped his hold on Sherlock.
John smiled slightly at Sherlock, though his eyes still conveyed worry. “Why don’t we tell her then, hm?” he suggested, leaning against the arm of his chair but saw a protest beginning to form on Sherlock’s face. “Sherlock, Mrs. Hudson loves you, you’re like a son to her and you know it. She would never do anything to hurt you or expose you or anything like that.” He raised his eyebrows.
Sherlock eyes and teeth were clenched shut, his fist balled tightly around his chest. “John-please-I-I need you to l-leave.” he grunted through his teeth, feeling John’s cool hands against his burning skin.
“Oh...” John breathed, shoulder’s slouching. “You can’t talk...” John sighed, running his tongue over his lips. He took a few steps closer to him, scanning his face, wishing he could get some form of knowledge from it. He hesitated a moment before kneeling down in front of him again, despite the fact that when Sherlock was seated back like that, he was a bit taller. John didn’t mind, really. It felt odd looking down at Sherlock when it was always the other way around. “When something is wrong, I don’t want you to just get up and leave anymore.” he reached out and touched his hand to Sherlock’s shoulder. “You come to me, okay? It’s not going to get better if you keep running away from it. I’m learning. And I know I still have a heck of a lot more to learn about werewolves and your world but you have to help me understand – it’s the only way I can help.”
“I wasn’t sure what you could eat when you’re like this, so I got a few things at the shops earlier.” John stated as he got up from the floor and went to inspect the cupboards. “There’s your usual snacks in there, don’t know if you’d want those later or-”
"Shit..." he cursed under his breath. "John, you have to leave now!" he instructed as he tried getting to his feet to look for his coat.
Without further thought, John strode quickly over towards Sherlock’s door only hesitating as his hand hovered over the door handle. Sherlock had wanted his privacy last night but John couldn’t stand the thought of him suffering on his own; especially after their falling out last night. The doctor gently pushed down on the door handle and opened it a fraction.
The stifled cries became less and less and instead he heard heavy panting. It didn’t sound quite human, and the images of the black wolf made its way back into John’s mind once more.
Sherlock nodded slowly. “Yes, but it’s not the physical bite that changes you. The disease is passed through the saliva, if a werewolf scratches you are more than likely dead as a werewolf doesn’t just scratch but if you managed to get away with only some scratches you would be left with permanent scarring and you’d adopt a few ‘canine’ characteristics.”
“Sherlock, if this splits there won’t be anything that we can do. It’ll hurt like hell and I can’t do anything when you’re a bloody wolf, I’ll be useless!” John countered. He squeezed the bridge of his nose, shaking his head and taking a moment to compose himself.
“You weren’t just acting strange, Sherlock. For God’s sake, I know your sense of smell gets better closer to a change, but you could have been a little less obvious when you were
“He’ll be fine.” Mycroft assured as he watched John look on in horror. “The bullet’s not laced with enough Wolfsbane to kill him, just enough to incapacitate him.”
This was crazy. John breathed out slowly, still trying to get to grips with everything that had just happened, a grim look spread across his face and eyes at the idea of hurting Sherlock. “Well this is going to hurt.” John warned through a breath. “You need a fair amount of stitches on that arm of yours.”
"Oh, shit," John muttered, tossing the peas onto the kitchen counter and hurrying back into the living room to help his friend, trying to help him sit up. "You're not fine, Sherlock. Look at you! Just go lie down, I'll take care of you, okay? I don't see how you could have gotten this sick, you seemed perfectly fine yesterday."
Sherlock dipped his head to look at his feet; John was right again - John was always right when it mattered the most. Sherlock gave a small nod before placing his muzzle under John’s chin and giving him a small nudge upwards.
Suddenly, from out of the shadows a figure hit John hard on the back of his head; everything fading to black in an instant.
John smiled with sarcastic sweetness and took his phone back. “Good boy.” he mumbled under his breath after dialling.
The detective flinched at the sudden addition of soft weight to his body and groaned once more at the movement, his muscles still stiff and aching.
John winched as he saw the flesh being torn from the wolf’s arm, feeling a bit light-headed. Gore had never bothered him, he was a doctor and had fought a war, but something about this made it worse. “I-I don’t know.” He whispered. “It looks like it’s gone mad. It’s-it's like it’s fighting itself."
Sherlock closed his eyes to try and focus on what he was trying to say. “I don’t want you in the room when it starts. I’ve changed my mind I don’t want you near.
John stopped what he was doing for a moment to focus on his friend, frowning. “If I’d just left, you wouldn’t have-”
The night was early. The blackening sky was already giving way to the brilliant moon and the stars; the miniature diamonds had just began to glimmer and shine in the night sky, reflecting brightly off of the city of London. Sherlock Holmes -the world's only consulting detective- stood by the window in 221B Baker Street as he anxiously waited for his flatmate, John Watson, to leave for his date tonight; God, he wished he would hurry up.
“Is everything okay between you two?” Lestrade suddenly asked, despite John’s best effort to keep conversation to a minimum. “I mean, Sherlock just seems to be acting a bit... well, let us say more weird than usual.”
The sun was the first thing to pierce the darkness of the flat, carrying with it the torch of a new day. The dark haired wolf still lay in the same position, lifeless, apart from the shallow rising and falling of its chest and John sat on his seat, head resting in hand as he tried to stop his eyes from closing over; something he’d been trying to do for the past few hours.
As the golden rays filled the small flat, the wolf’s body went rigid, eyes shooting open and then beginning to gasp roughly; bullet still lodged in its back. It began to whine as its body began to convulse and spasm, the sickening sounds of tearing and snapping once again filling the flat.
"Then meet up with Lestrade for a beer hmm?" suggested Sherlock, completely dismissing John last question. He just needed John out, anything just to get him out of the house.
“I need the cases.” He asserted, ignoring John’s comment about the pain. “I can say I was injured on a private case, usually works.”
John had made plans last month time to bring Sherlock out to the countryside where he could run and hunt and do whatever it was wolves instinctively did, but Sherlock hadn’t been enthusiastic about the idea and insisted they stay at home; now that he could do so freely. It was worrisome, to say the least. John could practically see the wolf inside him growing restless as Sherlock suppressed it so perfectly; it scared him for what was to come the following year.
After being pushed from the counter top, Sherlock’s nose led him to the fridge. His breathing deepened and sped up as his nose pushed against the rim of the fridge, smelling something delightfully delicious. Sherlock scrambled at the edge of the fridge in an attempt to try and open it.
He tried to keep his thoughts on track as he grabbed his kit from under the bed, pausing before grabbing his cane as well, shoved far behind it. It couldn’t hurt.
When John returned, heat pads and tea in hand, he was initially concerned to find Sherlock unconscious; wondering if something other than exhaustion has caused him to pass out. He put the tea and heat pads on Sherlock’s dresser and hurried to his side, taking his pulse. The doctor let out a sigh of relief when he felt the soft flutter through the detective’s wrist, signalling that he was in fact alive and would be fine. John stood still for a moment, examining him. He had tried to see Sherlock in the wolf, tried to see similarities between the different bodies. His eyes were the same, and his face, oddly, seemed to be similarly structured – apart from the thick muzzle. His fur had been the same dark colour of his hair as well, and for the most part, his personality unchanged. He could see the wolf in Sherlock, through the expression on his face; he always looked the same when he was asleep, for some reason. After Mycroft had shot him and the angry wolf side had subsided, he had been left with a sleeping Sherlock, even in his wolf form he could recognise that. He smiled a bit, brushing the curl’s out of Sherlock eyes, petting his hair like he’d done the wolf all those hours ago.
Sherlock breathed a small laugh through his nose, a small smile playing on his lips at John’s naivety. “Think about it. If I had really told you, would you have honestly believed me?”
“I’m not having it. You’ll rip that open again and then it’ll be even worse. No, I’m sorry, I’m telling Lestrade you can’t leave the flat yet.” John said, reaching for his mobile, however Sherlock was quick to intercept and managed to grab John’s phone before he could, keeping it from him.
The doctor looked away from him, focusing now on the injury of the detective’s back deeming the wound on his arm as clean as it was going to get. “You’re going to be fine.” John started, changing the subject. “I’ve seen worse, we can get you to the hospital-”
