Sherlock opens his arms and John crawls to him. They hold each other for a long moment. Sherlock kisses John’s eyelids and, very gently, his lips.
Paracetamol located, he headed back downstairs and was just filling a glass of water when a freshly dressed Sherlock appeared, hair wet and smelling of lemons with a musky undertone. John was reminded of lemon curd and felt the overwhelming desire to lick the last remaining droplet of water that had fallen from Sherlock’s hair onto his clavicle. He forced his hand to stay around the glass of water and not reach out to run his fingers around the bicep clad in a clean white shirt. With a start, John realised what he was doing.
Lestrade was practically screaming down the phone at him “What the actual fuck have you two done this time, huh? I have an irate member of the public roaring at me about breaches in protocol, breaking and entering, not having a warrant and threatening me with the Police ombudsman. The Ombudsman Sherlock! You know what she said the last time!”
Just a short story today. John and Sherlock simply haven't had the time for all this naughty business
“I thought it was called Gaelic.” John had commented yesterday, leaning over Sherlock’s shoulder to peer at the laptop screen.
The motorbike paramedic arrived first. Giving a rapid update, John demanded the defibrillator. The first shock brought Greg’s heart back into rhythm and John was relieved to get a pulse again although Greg still did not regain consciousness. Oxygen was given and he had stabilised enough to be brought to hospital in the ambulance that had just arrived. John insisted he go with Greg in the ambulance.
John draws back up to tease Sherlock’s corona with the very tip of his tongue, around and around. He flicks at the frenulum, laps at Sherlock’s slit and draws the point of his tongue, made firm, over his balls. Sherlock is nothing but wet, warm, pushing, needing want. Then John, oh glorious, beautiful John, takes the head of Sherlock’s cock firmly in his mouth and bobs and sucks at speed. Sherlock’s orgasm curls and builds, retreats and coalesces, diffuses and surges forward, upwards, until it catches and explodes. Sherlock’s silent roar of pleasure sits in his throat until it calms to a soft, drawn out moan of pleasure.
An outraged Sherlock launched himself at Armitage, head butting him just above the nose, breaking it and causing it to bleed copiously, then pressed his advantage by kicking the his back legs, bringing Armitage down to his knees. A hefty kick to the middle of Evan’s spine pitched the heavy man to the ground where Sherlock forced his arm up behind him just in time for the uniformed police officers to swarm in the front and back doors, cuffing Armitage and forcing him to his feet.
His attempts to move seemed to have disturbed someone as he heard a groan to his left. Braving another look, he opened his eyes long enough to see Greg Lestrade’s head pressing up against his own and his right wrist was handcuffed to Greg’s left. John made an attempt to speak but nothing came out. Another attempt to relieve the cramp in his shoulder elicited another groan.
In that moment, John understood. It was time to reclaim Sherlock. Reclaim him from the people who had done this to them, weakened them, tried to destroy them. His dick filled, and lust took over, replacing all his concerns. He took Sherlock in his mouth fully and sucked and licked until they were both hard. Sitting up, he pulled off his own pyjamas:
It was an indescribable relief to be out of the hospital, away from the noise, routines imposed on you by others and the smell of disinfectant under laid by the sickness of other people. He revelled in the feel of his suit, still a little big for him, finally freed from the of exposure he had always felt in his hospital pyjamas.
“Sherlock. Look, I don’t know how to say this, or even if I mean it, or if it would work, or if they would have us, but Sue said something to me that day at the Court that has stayed with me. She said that some kids just need a few weeks with someone who cares and can look after them to help. She was talking about the difference fostering can make. It just, you know, spoke to me. Stayed with me.” John looked straight at Sherlock now, the passion he felt firing in his eyes. “Is it mad, Sherlock? Am I mad?”
The tube journey to Baker Street was just two stops and both men spent the journey recovering their breath and grinning at each other. It was only on the short walk from the station to their flat that John slipped his hand into Sherlock’s, who gave it a welcoming squeeze.
Again, please be warned, there is gun violence and blood in this chapter, but it gets a bit more cheerful at the end.
The shop was a short walk from the Bond Street Tube station, itself only one stop down the Jubilee Line. The outside was traditional, windows frosted and etched with the proprietor’s names one side of the door and ‘Gentlemen’s Outfitter’ on the other side. A burgundy blind filled the top half of the window and the polished wooden door opened with the ring of a real metal bell, not an electronic facsimile.
“Yes he is with Mary. We were expecting her to return. Hoping she wouldn’t but had planned for this eventuality. He should be taking her to our agreed location. I need to make some phone calls”.
“You are the only one brave enough to say such a thing to me. They all underestimate you; John, Moriarty, Mycroft. Especially Mycroft. You are right of course, he doesn’t deserve me. The thing is, Martha, I deserve him. It’s John or no-one for me, I’m afraid. I’ve forgiven him and he’s paid a high price for his choices, don’t you think?”
“It’s been a very long day, boys” she sighed “I think I shall turn in”. She hesitated a moment and Sherlock offered to escort her downstairs. “Just this once, dear” she allowed.
John sat in the chair drinking his tea for a few minutes trying to process what had just happened. This was a fairly unusual turn of events, usually it was John being irate and Sherlock doing the apologising. Starting to feel a bit more human, he managed to eat some toast, drink some more tea and take a couple of paracetamol tablets.
he? Why wasn’t this working the way it always did? “Daddy!” she was saying in her head, although it wouldn’t come out that way “DaddyDaddyDaddy”
Having been alone so much, the noise, crowds and smells were almost utterly overwhelming. Sherlock pushed through the teeming souk, keeping his eyes fixed straight ahead, avoiding the entreaties of the stall holders. His information was bringing him deep into the centre of the souk, into the oldest part of the ancient city of Sousse. He edged carefully past the crowded stalls selling tourists their Tunisian slippers, the multi-coloured silk scarves draping down from the top of the narrow alleyway nearly touching the mountains of lemon and rose flavoured Turkish delight. Around another corner he was barraged by the scents from the tea-seller’s stall, forty five different varieties all carefully piled up. Thankfully, his disguise meant no-one actually got close enough to touch him.
Each nipple was sucked in turn, bitten gently. Sherlock let out a low, deep groan and experimentally John bit a little more firmly. Sherlock curved his back up in response, pushing his nipple into John’s mouth. John stored that away for later.
“Not really. It means they think he is going to stay like this for a long time” John rubbed a hand over his face “maybe a very long time”.
Moving out to the landing, she called up the stairs in the hope that maybe John was upstairs in Charlotte’s room, but surely he would have heard her and answered by now.  Mrs. Hudson was by now very worried and decided to gather Charlotte’s things and bring her down to her own flat.
I sometimes encounter people who do not fully understand how the geo-political divisions of Ireland work. I am absolutely not going to be getting into the history or politics of Ireland here, but just want to make it clear that, at this point in time, Ireland is divided into two parts. The larger Republic of Ireland will be referred to as Ireland in this story. The smaller section, part of the United Kingdom, will be referred to by its official title of Northern Ireland. There is a border between these two states, although at the moment there is no border control. The only way to tell you have crossed the border into Northern Ireland really is the colour of the postboxes (they go from green to red), the colour of the road signs and that the distances between towns are listed in miles instead of kilometres. of course, only time will tell if this will remain the case post-Brexit.
The deduction is of particular brilliance. The combination of a single, black cat hair, matched with traces of evaporated acetone and glitter in the victim’s shirt collar, leads Sherlock to identify the victim’s manicurist sister as his murderer. Leaving the scene, John rewards Sherlock with a congratulatory pat to the bottom. His hand curls to encompass the magnificence of Sherlock’s right cheek, but his aim is a bit off. It ends up being closer to a gentle slap than the intended caress.
John had felt a pang at the absence of his parents, but Harry had made up for it by walking with him up the aisle with Sherlock and Mycroft. As he glanced over, he saw there was still only water in her glass; “one day at a time, John” she had smiled as she straightened his tie earlier.
“No sign of any abrasions, contusions or lacerations, certainly none conforming to any suicidal act like hanging. Toxicology shows evidence of alcohol and methamphetamines in his system, most likely absorbed within the last 24 hours. Cause of death is a comminuted fracture to the skull, indicating that he was hit with force. The skull has broken into six small pieces, resulting in an extra-dural haemorrhage which killed him. The only signs of a fall are post-mortem, small amounts of bruising to the buttocks, elbows and back of the skull, indicative of him falling instantly to the ground. Estimated time of death, between 8 and 11 am yesterday, approximately 3 hours before the body was found”.
“Ladies, I am sure you all understand why we have asked you here today. Mrs Watson, much consideration has been given to including you in this conversation, considering both your past and your impending situations. However, I have decided that for the time being, you may be useful so I shall proceed with my briefing. Just to be clear, following the events of the past 24 hours, Operation Flower Crowns is  now go.”
Silently moving back under the covers, John also took a moment to admire the sleeping face of his glorious husband. The grey tinge to his skin had lifted, washed away by sleep. His long eyelashes fluttered and he was snoring slightly. Torn between the desire to touch him and let him carry on sleeping, John contented himself with just staring, mapping out every curve, line and sharp edge of that adored face.
The orchestra played a waltz and among the sea of people some were edging their way through to reach the dance floor. John stood back out of their way, taking champagne from the waitress as she passed him. He smoothed down his black waistcoat and continued his tracking of Sherlock.
Sherlock considered this idea. He remained unconvinced. His previous sexual relationships had been awful.
“Mmmm. I do. Love you too.” Sherlock rumbles and John hears it as much from the vibrations through his chest cavity and back as with his ears.
"Hi, I'm Michael. I know, I know, you were expecting someone older, I get that all the time. I'm Jacob's nephew." Michael's hand engulfed John's as he shook it with enthusiasm. "I understand you are a friend of Mr. Holmes the Junior." Michael beamed. "Such a lovely man, and one of our most loyal customers."
Even more challenging was the lack of predictable outcomes to his carefully constructed experiments. The whole point of the scientific method was that when repeated, the experiments should produce the same results. When he repeated his experiments on John, he spectacularly failed to do so. He was reaching two conclusions from this frustrating development; firstly, either John’s behaviour towards him was constantly changing or, human nature simply could not be observed scientifically. This conclusion displeased Sherlock and he was no closer to understanding why John stayed or what he wanted from Sherlock.
The doorbell announced Sherlock’s arrival and as always, he was greeted by Jacob, Michael’s uncle. It had been nearly a year since he had last visited the shop but when Michael was summoned from the back, it might as well have been yesterday.
“I can’t say I have been as obsessed with the matter as Aiden O’Neill was. Personally, I am much more interested in the artifacts themselves and why they were buried in the bog, miles from anywhere and at least 15 miles from the known sites of clan residences. For me, that’s the bigger mystery with fewer clues. Honestly? I think Burke delivered the hoard into the hands of one group or another in the North. This was just before the start of The Troubles and there were a whole plethora of splinter groups who needed funds. I think they either sent Burke or he crossed paths with some group or another, was killed and the hoard smuggled out of the country and used to bankroll their plans. That would explain how it disappeared off the face of the earth and even now, no one involved will be talking. Those days are best left behind us.”
Naturally, Sherlock had done extensive research on the subject, created a spreadsheet for Emelia and had decided to use himself as a comparative test subject. John had remained resolutely silent on this development. If it meant that Sherlock ate only a single teaspoon of pureed parsnip, well that was more than he had ever done in the previous forty years of his existence. John was intrigued as to whether Sherlock’s dislike of certain foods was based on fact or that the man had simply decided he didn’t like them. He would never admit it out loud, but Sherlock was curious about the same thing.
“Any progress in finding the driver?” Greg shook his head. Three weeks after Sherlock had been knocked down by a car that had come up onto the path and hit him at speed, straight on, causing Sherlock to smash his head on the kerb, all the leads had gone cold. There was no doubt it had been done deliberately but there had been nothing concrete to work on.
As he watched, Sherlock saw Greg Lestrade and the young woman deep in conversation and they seemed about to make their way over to Sherlock when an announcement from the stage interrupted them, asking them to all take their seats. A tall, elegant woman walked to the centre of the stage set up at one end of the room.
“Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of my husband and I,” a ripple of applause interrupts him and he grins at everyone, “I would like to say thank you. Thank you for coming; to Angelo for closing his restaurant just for us, for the delicious food and the champagne.” He nods to Angelo sat at the end of the table, persuaded just this once to eat with them.
Wracked with aftershocks, he falls to his side, panting, that he doesn’t realise Sherlock is lying, immobile and silent, face still pressed into the pillow.
“Sherlock, seriously, enough. You have just been released from hospital, you can barely walk from the door to you chair without getting exhausted.” John was adamant.
Lestrade met them at the gated entrance to the flat complex, filling them in on the key points as they hurried through the landscaped gardens to the main entrance.
The heavy man landed hard on his back but turned and pointed the gun in his right hand up at Sherlock. Sherlock swung the handle of the umbrella as hard as he could and knocked the gun out of the man’s hand as Mrs. Hudson shrieked. Both men made a grab for the gun but Sherlock just got his hand to it first. Standing over the man sprawled on the floor, Sherlock pointed the gun at him
With extreme effort and self-control, John stopped the screaming in his head from coming out of his mouth “No. You don’t get to choose that. You gave up that right, remember?” His voice was quiet so as not to wake Charlotte but steely grey with fury. For the first time Mary looked up at him.
“It was my decision. I just didn’t think things were going anywhere. I had thought we would settle down, have a family, but Mark kept putting it off. I had had enough”. Sherlock studied her face carefully, she was lying about something that was clear, but what precisely?
“I know who you are and you are welcome in our home. Understand though, if you have brought trouble, I will kill you.” With that, the woman nodded to the flight of stairs behind her and pointed up.
From the window Sherlock could see nothing but a grey industrial estate and, in the distance, the lights of Dublin airport. This was the closest he had been to home in fifteen months, just a ten minute taxi ride and a one hour flight and he could be back in Baker Street. He thought of John, pottering around the flat, making early morning tea and getting ready for a day at work. Of course, he knew John wasn’t still living in the flat but he liked to pretend.
She sighed slightly, screwing up her nose “Papa would be able to explain to me what on earth that’s supposed to mean” she said to the room in general.
“Oi! What the hell is my shoe doing on the table? Those are my best ones, leather and cost a fortune! You utter wanker”.
“I don’t want to hurt you,” he managed between licks, working his way down Sherlock’s body, lapping and sucking, nipping inner thighs and balls. Sherlock groaned, opened his legs wider and thrust up into John’s mouth.
“Oh Charlotte, you poor darling. No, no don’t cry, I’ve got you, it’s Ok, I promise, shhhhh. Good girl, good girl”. Charlotte knew this voice too, higher but soft and gentle and smelling like something she would quite like to lick. Not Daddy safe but safe enough. She decided it might be ok to stop crying, at least for a while.
“Mmmm must have been. Anyway, tell me about your time in the Army. You did say you had been a soldier?”
“I have to go. There has been a shooting, John needs me. I shall bring the baby with me but I need you to stand guard here until the police arrive. Can you do that?” Mrs. Hudson nodded silently and Sherlock handed her the gun
Sherlock felt John’s stare and turned to meet his eyes. For a long moment, they gazed at each other across the table until Sherlock winked at John. John threw his head back in laughter. Sherlock had probably only winked at him once, the day they had first met in Barts and John was sure Sherlock knew this too. When he looked back he saw something burning in Sherlock’s eyes and suddenly he knew he had to have the man, right now. He lifted his eyes upwards and suddenly stood and made for the door, not caring what their guests might think. He climbed the hotel stairs two at a time to their suite.
Moving to the centre of the bed, crossing his legs, John rests a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and gets him to turn so they are face to face. He becomes aware that the rattling in the kitchen has also stopped. He wonders if Mycroft has left. It’s more likely he’s standing on the other side of the door listening.
Drying himself from the shower, Sherlock began to get dressed. He had a preferred way to dress, enjoyed the routine of putting on certain things in a certain order. He loved clothes and always had since he was a very small boy. He was acutely aware of how they changed the way other people regarded you and had often used this to manipulate situations to his advantage.
“Dr. Watson, I am going to get straight to the point as I have a lot of people to contact. I am afraid I have some serious news.”
“But more than that, I need to say… Look, if this is too soon, please say, but I watch you and Rosie and I think I’m right. What I really want is another baby with you. Because, Rosie, well, she is yours - ours. Your her Dadalock.” John swallows hard.
“Sherlock, what I said was wrong. It was unprofessional, an invasion of your privacy and I am truly sorry. In my defence, I was very, very drunk at the time, which now I come to think of it is also not so great and so I apologise for that too.”
I have no idea if watermelons make a suitable substitute for the human head in experiments, I made it up!
“Well, keep trying” was all John could find the energy to say. He threw his picked at sandwich in the bin and they went back to the girls.
More to the point, if Mary had help, then Charlotte was in danger and Sherlock had a decision to make. Stay and save John or go to Charlotte. He had turned on his heel and ran.
“I think," he purred into John’s ear, “That as much as I adore you in this, we had better take it off. I would hate to make a mess on it.”
Sherlock stared. John was wearing his new suit. It was dark blue wool silk blend with a subtle, dark green sheen as he moved back to the mirror to check his plain dark blue tie and straighten his white shirt collar. Facing Sherlock again, he struck a playful pose, one hand on his hip, aping a male model.
John began to laugh “That I did, and what’s more, it’s true.” He grinned at Sherlock, but it began to fade when he looked at his lover’s very angry face.
Mary suddenly found herself alone in a room with Violet Holmes and Martha Hudson. Her head was spinning with all the new information she was processing about these women and part of her wondered if it was all a joke.
a stone underweight. I am hurtling towards middle age at an alarming pace and if I don’t want a spare tyre and diabetes by 55, I need to practice what I preach. More vegetables, fewer take-aways and more home cooking”.
Do you like a Johnlock wedding? This is the third time I have married them off. You can read a sexier version in Chapter 3 of
“I had to do that Sherlock. If I never do it again, I can live my life knowing that just once, I had the courage to take my heart’s desire.”
He suddenly realised John was looking at him, had asked him a question and was expecting an answer. Sherlock abruptly rose to his feet and swept out of the room “Come on John, I cannot abide this tedium one moment longer” he declared imperiously “Goodbye Lestrade. I have important research to do, only call me for an 8 or above”.
“Yes, this is our love. We were never going to end up in slippers in front of the fire drinking cocoa were we? The adrenaline junkie and the assassin. Come on!”
John laughs. He is fairly convinced he has surprised Sherlock from all the questions, but yes, of course, his genius husband is right, there is more.
When John finally trudged up the stairs, exhausted and in pain, his thumb confirmed as broken and held in a splint, he found Sherlock huddled in a ball at one of the sofa. He didn’t react when John walked into the room.
“You were four,” Mummy smiles. “Barely big enough to lift the spade but powered entirely by your own determination. That was when I knew for certain you were my boy”.
Sherlock stood and watched as each visitor came and went. He had been the first person John had called when Mary went into labour and had actually been in the corridor waiting outside when she was born. John had popped his head out of the labour room and beckoned him in, ignoring Sherlock’s attempts at refusal. Sherlock smiled shyly at Mary sitting up in the bed, aware that he may be intruding. Mary had just smiled up at him tiredly and handed him a bundle of baby.
Sherlock pulled his feet up so that he was lying flat on his back. His coat hang down from his shoulders like a cape or even like wings, he thought. He had often tried turning over onto his front but he had never managed it fully, although sometimes he rolled onto his left side and then back onto his right. He didn’t particularly mind though. He was comfortable enough like this and it reminded him of being on the sofa at home. Mostly, this place was just a blankness with swirls of colour; red, purple and yellow. He had often wondered what had happened to make him take so many drugs that he had trapped himself in this eternal floating chasm.
John raised his head, recovering himself. “She wanted you and you flirted with her. You kissed her”.
“Well, keep trying” was all John could find the energy to say. He threw his picked at sandwich in the bin and they went back to the girls.
“Worth following up anyway. Let me know how you get on. Any progress yet in getting the details of his phone calls?”
“You decided to find out and, being a scientist, what else would you do except conduct experiments?”
“John, oh John, oh please, please” he panted and John began to move his hand again on Sherlock’s dick. John leaned in and ordered “Come!”
“Look at the state of you, Sherlock. Look how needy you are. I remember a man who could barely allow himself to be touched and now here you are like this. It’s disgraceful and I am disappointed in you”.
John’s orgasm came with a shout and a final thrust, Sherlock humming happily as John filled him with come. Sherlock had his own hand on his dick and was stroking furiously. John felt him contract and muscles push at him as Sherlock came all over the floor. John ran his hands lightly down Sherlock’s back and then wrapped his arms around his as he pulled out and they collapsed to the floor in a shaking heap.
John was in the kitchen making tea and looking up greeted Sherlock with a cheery, “Good morning beautiful”. Sherlock merely grunted and launched himself at full speed at John, crowding in between him and the kitchen counter. He began just stroking his own lips over Johns before pressing in to a proper kiss, nibbling at John’s lower lip before slowly bringing his tongue in to slide and flutter against John’s. Sherlock slowly relaxed again, the desperate fiery craving cooling. He opened his eyes and gazed down at the slightly surprised John, smiled and without a word, headed for the bathroom.
Sherlock had been assessing the situation and suddenly turned on his heels and ran back towards Lestrade’s car. The policeman followed him “Its Ok Sherlock, he’s safe, there’s no way she’s getting out of this. He’s safe”
This Saturday morning, though, Sherlock was in a particularly ebullient mood, lying as he was in John’s arms licking morning toast honey from his fingers and basking in the afterglow of their sleepy and sensuous lovemaking. And it
"I just can't do it anymore, I simply can't". His final word was all but drowned out by the heart-breakingly plaintive wail that came from the corner of the room. The wail escalated in volume but dropped in pitch to become a howl. Sherlock clamped his hands over his ears once more.
“Yes” said Anderson scrabbled to recover his failure to notice the pale pink crescent mark “Of course, but how does a man, alone in his locked flat fourteen floors up get a head injury like that, so severe it kills him but no blood, no sign of an attacker or forced entry or any one at all really, certainly no weapon?”.
The idea of it made John’s heart clench. He leaned over and stroked Sherlock’s alabaster face, the usual lines softened by the lack of consciousness. He touched his cheek to Sherlock’s cheek and kissed his forehead, each eyelid, end of his nose and each cheekbone before ending with a long kiss on the lips.
“I really did not know. Yes, you did surprise me.” Sherlock rises to his feet and hugs John, burying his face in his hair. “Thank you.”
Half pulling on a t-shirt, John galloped down the stairs, looking around for a weapon, anything. The whimpering wail came again, immediately followed by Sherlock's clearly pained shout of his name.
Professor Fitzgerald’s office is on the second floor of the 19th century building that edges the Library Square, an unexpected open space, laid out with a formal lawn, large oaks and secluded seating in the middle of the city’s prime real estate. The pristine, white, two-story buildings radiate in all directions, the overall effect being one of having travelled back in time to a more genteel era. This is somewhat spoilt as they climb the stairs and look down on the tail end of the queue of tourists waiting patiently to view the Book of Kells in the college library, a mass of baseball caps, gaudy golf umbrellas and rowdy school children.
“Yes, but we are staying in some Irish speaking parts and people are always more forthcoming when you speak to them in their own language. Also, it may be useful for the time period in which part of the case originated. Everyone spoke Irish then.”
The moment he had left, Sherlock went off like a human land mine, “That devious, manipulative, self-serving git! How could he? How could he do this to me? To us?” He paced up and down the room, coming to a stop on top of the coffee table, hands on hips, shirt straining across his chest as he almost hyperventilated with temper. John, so used to his husband’s tantrums found himself distracted by the sight of Sherlock towering over him, pectoral’s heaving, a light sweat developing on his neck that sort of needed to be licked off:
“I know what’s there, Sherlock. I’ve seen your scars before. I let you look at mine, even though it was uncomfortable and made me remember. Let me see you. Let me see all of you”. He held the other arm and turned it so the elbow was facing up.
Sherlock glanced up at him, still glowering “It was what you said. There was no need for sarcasm. I am already – aware that I am, how will I put this, somewhat lacking in that department.”
“Oh, you are mine alright. No one else’s, ever again. Do you understand me?” Possessively, he rubs his hands up under the T-shirt to smooth the planes of Sherlock’s chest, rubbing and pinching both nipples. He lifts the T-shirt to lick and suck on each nipple in turn, making Sherlock keen.
“I am going to make you forget what you saw” he whispered, threateningly, into the other man’s ear and promptly dropped his head to John’s chest and began to lick and bite at John’s nipples, delighted to receive another gasp. John’s fingers were in Sherlock’s hair, firm fingertips massaging his scalp, pulling Sherlock’s head down, John wanting more. He trailed his tongue down John’s stomach promisingly but at the last moment, flipped John back onto his stomach and began to lick and bite John’s arse, moving lower until he reached the delicious line where tops of thighs became backside and buried his nose in, licking lavisciously and moving in towards John’s balls. He stopped just before reaching them, hovering over with his tongue pocking out.
“You called her Charlotte? Hmmm not what I would have picked but nice enough I suppose. And yes, I knew you loved him. It was written all over your face in the restaurant the night you proposed. I was eclipsed, there and then. I hated him for that”
And with an almost painful intensity, John came and came, his head thrown back and Sherlock’s name in his throat.
Armitage, being dragged away by the officers began shrieking “You never deserved him! None of you bitches did. He loved me, he just couldn’t accept it, kept insisting he wasn’t gay, used you as a way to keep me close without having to admit the truth. You all deserved to die for the torture you put me through, watching you with him, day after day”.
“I need to revisit the crime scene. I know exactly how this murder was committed but I need to confirm two details before I pass it over to Lestrade. Come on John!”
While he was distracted, the man in the now grubby white suit tried to scramble across the floor towards the doorway, only to be met by a sharp kick from Sherlock to his nose that sent the man flying backwards, bleeding profusely. Sherlock pulled out his phone while simultaneously heading for Mrs. Hudson to begin untying her. The phone began to ring and Sherlock was momentarily confused.
The peace was shattered by a simultaneous high pitched wail followed immediately by someone yelling his name. Sherlock in danger, John's hindbrain informed his legs. His conscious thoughts were all forming the single word; tea.
“There is more than one way of having a child, Sherlock, “John frowned, “but yeah, I know what you mean. Our lifestyle is hardly conducive to raising a family.” He gave a half laugh.
John uncovers a need that Sherlock isn't sure he should have. It becomes more important to them than either one could have expected.
“Knife attack.  A foolish error of judgement and I was cut. It took two days before I was found and infection had set in, which is why the scarring is so bad. My own fault. At least my eye was saved. I have some sight loss but can function”.
“Sherlock?” He waited and watched Sherlock’s face for any signs of movement. Nothing. He buried his head into the nape of Sherlock’s neck. He had imagined it.
Still breathing heavily, Sherlock just about managed “Hmmm”. John watched him worriedly for a moment, the reality of the situation hitting him hard but Sherlock managed a sleepy smile, curled up in John’s arms and whispered, “Yours”.
John raised his head once more and pulled Sherlock down to him. Their lips met gently at first, both men pulling closer together. Sherlock wrapped his arms tightly around John who stroked his back. When their lips parted and John’s tentative tongue slid slowly and languidly across Sherlock’s, the younger man relaxed and a small moan escaped him. He pushed into John’s mouth harder, hands moving to hold his head, fingers deep in his hair. They kissed and kissed until neither could breathe. When they parted, Sherlock was swaying gently, his eyes half closed and glazed.
“There is very much a move now for gentlemen to consider the appropriate undergarments to show off their suit to its best. The correct foundation affects how a jacket sits,” he raised an eyebrow at John, “how the trousers fit and drape, providing emphasis to our best features.”
“Yes. It was, rather.” They gaze at each other solemnly before laughing. Sherlock flops onto his back again.
The ceremony was short and very to the point. Mycroft pledged his love and protection to Greg who, in turn, promised his understanding, support and love. Rings were exchanged and as they sealed their marriage with a kiss, The Queen led the small party in getting to their feet, clapping and cheering.
“Give me the address, I’ll meet you there”. Hanging up, he sat just for another moment, needing to go and get dressed. He decided to send John a text.
“You don’t even remember,” the words dripped like acid from Sherlock’s tongue “You don’t remember what you said.”
“Well, then. It’s going to be a surprise and you do love a surprise. Mycroft must have had his reasons for not telling you. Let’s just be glad he has found someone. I honestly never thought we would see the day.”
“Mycroft is simply following in the family business?” Mummy Holmes remains silent but gives the smallest of nods. Turning suddenly, she continues on down the path towards the orchard.
The relief was enormous. It had taken a huge amount of self-control for John not to lunge at Sherlock since he had first stepped out of the shower this morning. He would have liked nothing better than to spend the whole day in bed with the man, but was determined not to pressure him. He had made Sherlock a promise the night before that their sexual relationship would progress only at a pace he was comfortable with. They both had their own past experiences and at some point soon, John would like to find out a bit more about those from Sherlock, but for the time being he was simply delighted that his attempts to get into Sherlock's mind had obviously worked. He had noticed how well Sherlock had responded to the way he had talked to him.
Gazing out of the window he watched their city pass in a blur, traffic lights just colourful smudges and people hurrying past on the pavements, fighting with umbrellas and avoiding the worst of the splashes from the speeding traffic. The cab was edging forward slowly as three lanes condensed into two and the buses pushed past in their own lane. He looked over at Sherlock who, to John’s surprise, was already watching him. John smiled, enjoying the warmth of Sherlock’s hand in his, aware of the callous on his thumb from the violin bow.
It was as he rooted around in the cupboards to find something to use as a fruit bowl that the phone began to ring. He was stood with the brown paper bag of loose apricots when Sherlock, dripping all over the floor from his shower, rushed out of the bathroom to grab his phone.
John squeaks with lust and flails around for lube, finding some hidden in a desk drawer. He rapidly slicks up his fingers and leans over Sherlock’s back sliding one finger gently inside. Sherlock grunts and presses back.
“I’ll call you from the hospital”, he told Sherlock “He will need surgery, release the pressure from the intracranial bleed”. He leaned forward among the chaos of the Police officers swarming over the crime scene, the paramedics and the traumatised Eloise. He kissed Sherlock briefly on the lips and was gone.
“She said they would be here about five thirty, she was going to meet her Dad at work then come over. Is that alright?”
“I didn’t. They were Michael’s suggestion. And an excellent one." He reached forward, slowly running his hand over John’s balls, up his jerking cock which pulsed in the tight, red pants and with a single finger, swiped a drop of pre-come from the head that rose above the waist band. John’s head fell back with a long, drawn out groan of pleasure. Sherlock took a small step back and admired the view for a long moment, before taking John by the hand and leading him to the sofa.
“Sherlock, love” he entreated the still scowling detective “Can we make up? Please? I need to, well, make it up to you.”
John leaned back, relaxing into the touch. The water was cooling now and he had reached a decision. It was time. Time to look past his own bad decisions and see what was right in front of him now. Time to finally forgive Sherlock for abandoning him. Time to accept that he was not the man he had spent years pretending to be just to keep others happy. Time to let someone help him carry his grief for his daughter.
“Aren’t you going to …?” challenged Lestrade “Oh never mind. I’ll go” and Greg dashed off after John, much to Sherlock’s confusion.
“Good. Please look after her for me and lock your door. Let no one in except John or I. Tell her Daddy will be back soon”. He planted a small kiss on the baby’s head and another on Mrs. Hudson’s cheek “your assistance has never been so valuable” he muttered in her ear. “Lestrade, with me!”
The call finally came at 6.30 am three days before the mother’s due date. It was a cold and windy day in November and John and Sherlock sat in the cab to the Royal London Hospital not saying much but holding hands as they made their way up to the neonatal care unit.
The two men flew down the stairs of 221b Baker Street, Sherlock was already on the phone to Lestrade when the cab pulled up, demanding access to Mark Willis’ flat.
Mary stopped mentioning it or asking for help when a nurse suggested the solution was for herself and John to take a parenting course.
“Let me know how you get on.” Michael watched as Sherlock headed for the door.  “And remember. He’d be lucky to have you.”
“OK, our mission is to locate the principals, retrieve them alive and apprehend those responsible for their disappearance, all as quickly as possible. Colonel Holmes will be Mission Commander. Mrs. Watson, you will be in responsible for comms., Agent Hudson, as usual you will be in charge of armaments. Captain Hooper, Sergeant Donovan and I shall be in the field” She turned to Mrs. Holmes “Ma’am are you happy to debrief Mrs. Watson? Hooper and Donovan, with me. You’ll need to change”.
Molly brought a pink helium balloon and arrived to visit just ten minutes after Greg Lestrade who, having been through this himself brought John coffee, Mary a sandwich ‘Thank God, I’m starved’ and Johanna a bumper box of nappies. Mrs. Hudson brought the most beautiful hand-knitted blanket, worked on the diagonal in the softest bamboo yarn in shades of aubergine, plum and lilac.
“John. Your opinion please” Sherlock waived a hand at the corpse, inviting John to give a second opinion. He turned to Lestrade
Sue tipped her head sideways and regarded John Watson for a long moment as he concentrated on completing the raft of forms she had brought for him to sign:
They spent the next few days in a maelstrom of preparation. A cot, changing unit, baby clothes, nappies, wipes, bottles, formula and steriliser were all bought. Each day that passed they waited for the phone to ring, killing the time with cases that were a three at the very most and never anything that took them away from London.
“I, John Hamish Watson, do take you, William Sherlock Scott Holmes, to be my husband; to honour and cherish from this day forth.”
“I am unsure if this is a good idea. As I have explained, my previous sexual partners demanded more of me that I felt able to give; consideration, to be given priority in how I used my time, emotional support and sharing of feelings. I am not good with feelings John, as you well know. I let people down.”
This time the rehab helped. Sherlock went back to Uni and had almost finished his degree when he responded to a police request for the public’s help with the disappearance of a woman. Sherlock could see the clues all over the girl’s stepfather at the televised press conference and the information he provided led to the man's arrest. Two weeks later, Detective Greg Lestrade came to Sherlock again for his help, and one skip dive, two foot chases and an etched photo frame resulted in a conviction and a new career for Sherlock Holmes.
Lestrade reached for his phone to send a team to arrest Armitage. Before he could, though it began to ring. “Lestrade. Shit.
“I saw you with that woman. I saw you kiss her. What the hell do you think you are playing at Sherlock, hmm?” John leaned up and pulled open Sherlock’s shirt at the collar, biting and sucking hard at the delicate, soft flesh where the neck and shoulder met leaving a dark purple welt".
Everyone stands,the double doors open to reveal a grinning John, resplendent in his dress uniform and a more sober looking Sherlock, elegant in his dark navy suit. They are holding hands and make their way together towards the front of the room where the registrar awaits.
“I know why you did it. I know you were protecting us, drawing away the threat towards yourself, away from us. We have had a good life, I did my best to be a good Dad and protect her. It took a decade but I forgave you. I never forgot you”.
John stared at the silent impassive face in front of him. Shit I think I’ve broken him. Oh, this is not good. I knew this wasn’t going to be good “Listen, Sherlock. I’m sorry, forget what I said, its fine. We’ll just carry on as we are and I will just put it all to the back of my –“
“Now, if you could please all stand, John and Sherlock will exchange their vows. Who has the rings?”
“Good morning, dear. Oh Sherlock, can you believe it! It’s finally here. I still can’t quite believe it. It only seems like yesterday that I met you in that strip club, undercover in your fishnets and spangles. You were so young. Still..”
Sherlock dropped the small paper bag to the bed, paused for a moment gazing balefully at John and silently turned on his heel and headed out once more.
“That’s different, that’s our place of work, this was just the pub and it was a compliment. Most blokes would love to have someone say something like that about them.” John’s head was throbbing with the effort of the discussion.
“No. It’s a perfectly logical response to your biological imperative to reproduce, one that takes into consideration the barriers created by our choice of lifestyle. I think we should look into it.”
Sherlock had never before contemplated working on his relationship with John. He had never considered putting any effort at all into any relationship ever, except those that were temporarily useful for a case. He was aware though that a number of people in his life put some, and in one or two cases a gargantuan amount, of effort into their relationship with him. Top of that list was his beloved John, and divorce from John was most assuredly not an option. Therefore, Sherlock concluded, he should consider implementing the guidelines suggested in this study. Having re-read it twice, Sherlock retreated to his Mind Place to come up with a plan.
Snugging closer to the warmth and softness of Sherlock, John considers the previous night. Things hadn’t gone exactly as he had planned but that is OK. Their sex life often doesn’t go as John, or indeed either of them, plans. The last two years have been a time of discovery for both of them. The very same gifts, the hyper awareness and intelligence that make Sherlock the world’s only Consulting Detective, his genius, do not switch off or go away when they are in bed. They have learnt each other with patience, and sometimes great care must be taken.
“I really would like to hear all about it, but I have to dash. You can fill me in this evening, yeah?” With that, John grabbed his jacket and headed to work.
Sherlock instantly regrets his unkindness and considers going to apologise. He should be in a good mood this morning, surely, rather than his usually short-tempered self. Maybe it's just the absence of John that is bothering him.
His efforts had been rewarded as soon as he had walked into the kitchen. The moment John had seen him, Sherlock could see the look of desire wash over John’s open face and it thrilled him. What he hadn’t been expecting was the instantaneous look of repression and guilt that had followed. Sherlock instinctively deduced the reason and had been moved to reassure John. He was somewhat relieved to not be the only one unnerved by this new territory they found themselves in.
Soon, he told himself, soon you can go home, but he had unfinished business here in Ireland. His painstaking unpicking of Moriarty’s network had brought him across Europe, Asia and America, each new contact revealing the name of the next destination. This one he had been putting off. This one scared him.
John grinned at them, knowing both could keep this game going for a while and grateful that Sherlock was keeping the hungry Emilia distracted as her first meal of porridge was cooling.
John watches Sherlock’s face carefully as he selects each sheet and examines the details carefully. Placing the third one down, he tips up his head and beams at John.
“The highest in the land. It’s part of her personal collection; she used to drive one with the WRAF during the War. I have to get it back by five p.m.”
None of them had ever believed she would keep her word, but John had insisted they give her the chance. After all, her one redemption was this perfect, golden baby.
“Ah, you must be Evan Armitage” he smiled ingratiatingly “Sherlock Holmes, pleased to meet you. I believe you have met my colleague, John Watson?” Having grasped the man in a firm handshake, Sherlock used the contact and distraction to propel the taller man back out of the doorway.
“It’s your hair Sherlock. I would love to sit you on the floor, my legs on either side holding you and run my fingers slowly through your hair and over your scalp” John’s voice was now so low that Sherlock had to hold his ear right next to John’s lips, feeling the breath on his lobe and neck.
John was beyond mortified. He would give anything not to have to tell Greg, or anyone really, this story. He seemed to have no choice now though.
Silently slipping in to the bathroom, John crept in behind Sherlock in the shower, sliding his arms around the taller man’s waist,
This is for all those who wanted to see Sherlock's reaction to John's new suit. Written for RedPantsMonday prompts on Twitter for 2 prompts; red socks and violin.
By ten o’clock, Sherlock has used up all his reserves of will power. He has picked up his phone four different times to make up some emergency and text John to come home. If it hadn’t been for the huge row the last time Sherlock had interrupted one of John’s dates, he would have done it half an hour ago. God, this was worse than giving up smoking. At least they had patches for that. Sherlock paused to consider what a patch to treat his craving for John would be comprised of; a tea steeped woollen patch in a check pattern but a core of meshed steel. The idea entertained him for an entire microsecond before the compulsion to see John returned.
“You had no right, Sherlock, do you understand? No right to announce Mycroft and Greg’s relationship like that. In front of all those dignitaries, in front of Greg’s superiors. In front of the
It was John’s turn to interrogate “Can I ask you a question?” he nearly added, ‘and be honest’ but knew it was superfluous, Sherlock was never anything but brutally honest “Would you like to touch me? I mean, if we pare it right back and don’t worry about the relationship and sex compatibility and stuff, do you find me attractive, cos if not, this whole conversation is pointless”.
What he can’t predict is the shape this will take. He and John have been blissfully happy for five months, but Sherlock is under no illusion this is guaranteed to last forever. He is a difficult man, who makes dangerous and infuriating choices. He is a drug addict, quick to bore and rude. No, Sherlock does not expect a forever.
Sherlock threw himself on to the sofa. He badly needed to think through the case, had been convinced that the mallet was the correct weapon but it had not resulted in the expected injury. Despite his best efforts, all he could think of was John. Maybe it was for the best that he had ruined things before they had really started. It was affecting his ability to work.
“Oh I get it! Operation Flower Garland. You all form a circle of female guard. Oh very good”. Having been made perfectly clear how both women really felt about her, Mary decided to address one matter head on:
Sherlock squeezes his own thighs around John’s and begins to slowly rub his cock and balls up and down the strong quadricep muscle, enthralled by the slight shifting of muscle between his legs. John is taller than him in this position, head curled over his, one hand pulling firmly on his curls and the other now grasping Sherlock’s bicep.
John slides one finger back and forth over his hole, giving gentle pushes and presses until Sherlock’s body opens and draws him in. His finger slides in, still and waiting until Sherlock begins to move, rocking backwards and forwards.
John’s profession as a doctor was of particular interest to the social workers and they were asked at length if they felt they would be able to care for a child with a disability or serious illness. They remained open to both options, although the 17 stairs to the flat were duly noted. Sherlock was quizzed about his history of substance abuse. Far from being considered a risk, once they had proved Sherlock’s abstinence for the last four years, it seemed that an understanding of such matters may, in fact, be to their advantage.
“A relationship with me. I told you it would lead to recriminations and disaster. Admittedly, this is a record, even for me”.
“Yeah, I know. Not gay. Well, the kissing sort of progressed and the next thing were out the back in the pub garden and I err” John laid his head on his hands and muttered “gave him a blow job”.
John turned his attention to the insides of Sherlock’s arm, kissing his way down the biceps and then into the sensitive skin in the crook of his elbow. Sherlock suddenly twisted his arm in, away from John’s kisses and John looked up in surprise. Meeting Sherlock’s eyes he was surprised to see anger flashing in the grey eyes.
Shocked by his abruptness, her hands flutter to her face and she studies him. She changes her mind about whatever she was going to say and heads off to make breakfast, glancing anxiously back at him as she rushes out of the room.
There it is in a nutshell. Is Sherlock second best, a consolation prize? Is everything they have shared together over the last two years John compromising and taking comfort where he can find it, turning to the last remaining person in his life that cares for him and making the best of it? The thing is, John actually knows the answer. This is exactly the question he has asked himself over the last six months.
Sherlock frowns at him. “You also offered to pay him to spy on me. Would you like to repeat that generous offer?”
To Sherlock’s genuine surprise, he really is. It’s his innate understanding of the need for distraction, or the challenges of being at the whim of dramatic mood changes. He is the best at knowing how to soothe or derail a tantrum before it takes a firm hold. Despite John’s greater experience in the field.
Sherlock knows John is trying to say something to him. Once upon a time he would have found this annoying, frustrating and would have bullied it out of him. Now, he knows that John will say it when he believes the time is right.
This step gave Sherlock most cause for concern as he wasn’t in the slightest bit inclined to change anything about John and was most certain that the feeling was mutual. After much consideration in relation to such things as hair styles, new furniture or taking John for their Friday night date to a restaurant that was not Angelo’s, he eventually settled on buying himself a new white shirt and replacing some of John’s older jumpers as a surprise.
“Stop that, you will only come if, and when, I tell you”. Sherlock stilled himself, shaking slightly with the effort of keeping himself on his hands and knees.
“Keep reading it love. Put in some wrong bits, he might wake up just to correct you” John encouraged.
“That’s brilliant! God, you had me going there, you git” John leapt from his spot and moved towards Sherlock, only to be met by a raised hand, palm outwards clearly blocking any further progress.
“Oh nothing really. Being a doctor, being in the army. He told me about his job and how he’d just broken up with his girlfriend after 3 years. He was a normal bloke, you know?”
“His pulse is weakening and he has stopped breathing. Here, I’ll do compressions and you do the mouth-to-mouth. Where the fuck is that ambulance?” he barked at the closest police officer.
Sherlock lowers his eyes. Yes, because he thought it may have a certain effect on John. He had deployed it with success on a number of cases.
Then John was all over him, kissing and biting and licking. Tasting every inch of this glorious, amazing man that was his, all his.
Sherlock tries to turn to face John but one strong arm keeps him where he is, facing John’s chair, while the other hand strokes and soothes its way down to Sherlock’s hard dick. When John squeezes, Sherlock’s knees flex and John has to grab him to keep him upright.
He rises, heading for the bathroom to shower and shave, the smell of bacon and coffee filling the tiny flat. Sherlock carefully pushes down the tiny voice suggesting that things are happening too fast, that they are not really ready for this yet. That John is not ready for this. He pushes the idea away, chastising himself. How many years has he waited for this? For John to be his and his alone? Why waste valuable energy on questioning something that is so obviously right? Really, there is no pleasing him.
By the time John got up and joined him in the kitchen, saying nothing but planting a sleepy kiss on Sherlock’s cheek and then the proffered lips, Sherlock was down to his last test and he needed John’s assistance. With unusual self-restraint, he waited until John had had a cup of tea and some toast, even accepting a slice himself although he didn’t eat it. As his patience was stretched by John’s audacity to have a second cuppa, he distracted himself by once again examining the tiny translucent sliver of wood on the slide under the microscope, hoping he might find something he had missed. Seeing that John had placed his cup in the sink, Sherlock seized his moment.
A missing scene during His Last Vow, in the bathroom of 221b after John finds him in the drugs den. Sherlock only has a few minutes alone before Janine joins him.
The two men stared at each other and at their beautiful daughter. John was trying very hard not to go through all the possible effects of meningitis. He also could not put Emelia down.
They sip their coffees in contented silence as they watch Rosie play in the sandpit. Sherlock is watching her intently, waiting for any sign she is going to try to steal the bucket from the small boy playing next to her. He has twice observed her watching it out of the side of her eye.
Sherlock would often return to that night in his Mind Palace. He had created a new room especially to store the person he had met and the place he had been shown. Until now, though, he had never told a living soul about it, not even John. In fact, until this very moment, he had convinced himself it had never really happened at all.
Sherlock considered that John had a point. It appears that John had meant it when he said he loved him. He is certainly taking all this far better than Sherlock had expected. If they were going to have a relationship, John may be inclined to kiss and stroke him without Sherlock being in pain first. The idea was very appealing. “I promise.”
Sherlock considered this. “You could have told me all this over the phone. Why drag me all the way over here?”
John stared back at Mary, keeping his gaze steady and unflinching, his military training kicking in. He strained his ears to hear police sirens or a helicopter but all he could make out was the traffic rushing past the door.
Lestrade gave her a minute before asking “How did you feel when you found out he had a new girlfriend?”
After much hugging, handshaking and claps on the back, her Majesty took her leave and an equerry arrived to escort them to a small private dining room to celebrate. Pride of place in the middle of the table was a croquembouche, decorated with spun sugar, sugared almonds and crystallised flowers.
“Good morning, Dr. Watson,” greeted a man in his sixties. “I am Jacob Lindon. Mr. Holmes said you would be joining us today. I'm led to believe that you are in need of a new suit and accessories.”
“Hello Sherlock. I didn’t expect to see you, I thought you were living in France now. Thank you for coming. It’s all a bit overblown, don’t you think?”
Sherlock was in turmoil, his mind racing, decisions made and changed again at the speed of light. John was looking. He would see, know the truth of what Sherlock had done to himself, the evidence of his failings. He would see and know and that would be it, all over. Who could possibly want him after they had seen the truth of his self-abuse, the extent of it, the lengths he had gone to getting the drugs into his system, the hated weakness that pushed him to oblivion.
She smiled at him, tipping her head slightly to the left, a wistful look on her face “You really don’t know do you? I never wanted that baby, I only went through with the pregnancy for you. And even that didn’t work”
“Um, Sherlock. Yeah, wow, that’s getting a bit creepy now. What do you think of the waistcoat? I thought it was a bit much but Michael assured me it would work.” John smoothed his hands over the two parallel rows of 4 gold buttons descending the front of the waistcoat, reminiscent of a military uniform. “He said that if I stuck to the single breasted jacket, it wouldn’t come off as stuffy.” John raised his eyebrows at his transfixed flatmate. “Sherlock. Are you alright? God, I hope your not having some sort of an absence seizure.” John took a step towards Sherlock.
Wiping the excess foam from his face, for the first time Sherlock met his own eyes in the mirror. What must it be like inside other people’s tiny little minds? Was it was peaceful, calm, content and, god forbid, happy? Would he give up all his own extraordinary abilities to have that?
For a moment the two men regarded each other, eye to eye, each looking deep into the grey-green maelstrom.
As they take their seats and wait for the tea, Sherlock turns his focus on Eoin Fitzgerald. The deductions flow into his mind like water.
Michael leaned in. “I would suggest the briefs. They provide a neat and secure support for the larger than average gentleman.”
Molly stands before the group, smiling shyly. “This is from Sherlock to John. He says he’s not good at explaining how he feels so this is to help. It’s written by Tommye Blout.”
“That’s not going to work Mary. I’m not going to fall for that. I know what you’re trying to do, and it won’t work. If you love me so much, why are you pointing a gun at my head?”
On the way home, John dragged Sherlock around Tesco. They had been doing really well on their, well John’s, commitment to eat less take away and more home cooked food. Tonight, John was planning to make a vegetarian lasagne with garlic bread and side salad. Sherlock had complained this was an indecent volume of vegetables for any meal but still managed to spend eight minutes comparing the relative values of courgettes verses aubergines for the lasagne. In the end, John had dragged him away by agreeing to use a combination of both. He did try to explain to Sherlock the work this would involve, needing to salt the vegetables to draw out their liquid but Sherlock had moved on to deducing a member of staff in the fruit and veg section. A quiet word in the store Manager’s ear before their departure informing her that the staff member was systematically stealing from the store resulted in them being rewarded their shopping for free.
“Lestrade? Yes. Well, I did have plans. Well, yes I… locked room? Of course. Text me the address”. He turned to face John, raising his eyebrows. John nodded at him “We are on our way”.
Lifting his head and resting it on his bent elbow, from this angle he could see his navy suit and white shirt hanging from the curtain rail. It was the only place in the room high enough to hang Sherlock’s long trousers without crumpling on the floor.
With impressive effort, John rolls them over so they are lying on their sides, chest to back and reaches down to pull the sheets up to cover their legs. Sherlock reaches a hand back and pulls John’s arse forward so he can feel John’s hard cock press up into the cleft of his buttocks. John kisses and licks the back of Sherlock’s neck, strokes his chest, fingers trailing over the lean musculature of his abdomen. Eyes closed, he inhales the sharp smell of Sherlock's skin over laid with the very faint reminder of aftershave.
From the night she was born, Mary knew there was something amiss with her baby. It wasn’t anything major, or obvious, just something she knew on instinct. Every time Mary tried to lay her daughter down, Johanna would settle just to start crying again a few minutes later. The midwife assured her it was perfectly normal for a new-born, so Mary resolutely soldiered on, feeding and winding until she herself was crying for want of sleep.
“John, John! Slow down” Greg was out of breath when he reached John at the exit gate. “What on earth was that all about. Are you alright?”
“You mean the man you attempted to murder? The man who forgave you and kept your secrets and brought you to his parent’s for Christmas so you could be looked after? That man?” Sherlock had finally been compelled to tell John the truth about Mary the night of Charlotte’s brth. How it hadn’t really been her that had called the ambulance before she shot Sherlock. How she was still active as an assassin right up to the week before she had gone into labour and how he and Mycroft had conspired to keep her close until the baby was born.
As he continued to watch, Sherlock and the woman began an animated conversation. She was gesticulating wildly and threw her head back in laughter at something Sherlock said. He in turn was nodding furiously and smiling broadly. The woman leaned in and clasped Sherlock’s hand and, to John’s shock, Sherlock put his own hand gently to her cheek before he leaned over and gently kissed the other one.
The sounds he had produced while practising had been highly entertaining too. Throwing off his headphones, Sherlock had collapsed onto the sofa in disgust, declaring, “my mouth just won’t make some of those sounds properly.” His subsequent pout was a joy to behold.
The door burst open and three men clad head to toe in black bulletproof gear, helmets and goggles filled the doorway. Instinctively John pointed the gun still in his hand at them and began to scream.
“I know. Soon, but not quite yet” his voice was deep and dark, slow and sticky. Forceful. John grabbed Sherlock and kissed him hard, revelling in this extraordinary voice. Sherlock ran his hands up John’s arms and carefully lifted them to above their heads. Holding them firmly in place, Sherlock lay on top of John and using the copious amount of pre-come they were both producing and already covered John’s stomach began to rub and slide their hard dicks together. Now Sherlock had joined John in groaning and with each sound, John bucked his hips hard and pushed into Sherlock’s firm stomach.
Sherlock edged closer and held out his hand. John looked at it and slowly took it, wiping away the tears with his other hand.
“I need you Sherlock. You know how I can get. I need to see you under me, spread out on the bed. Oh my beautiful, I need to see you with your hard dick in your hand, stroking it slowly while you gaze up at me, other hand thrown behind your head. You are such a tease when you’re like that Sherlock, all languid and pliable. I need to be able to lick you, lick you from the back of your ear, down, down past your nipples, down past your cock and lick that glorious arse of yours, fill you with my tongue until you squirm and pant. I need to lie on top of you, holding your hands above your head, still and dazed until I slowly, slowly press my cock into yours and move backwards and forwards, that delicious slide, while I bite and lick your neck, shoulders and collar bone”.
Armitage laughed “Have I beaten the famous Sherlock Holmes? I should have killed you and your boyfriend in the shed that time.”
John laid his forehead down on the back of Sherlock’s hand, warm and soft. He spent hours each day holding and stroking that hand and had noticed that the callouses on the fingers were beginning to soften. Last week he had brought clippers in and trimmed the nails. One of the nurses had offered to do it but he preferred to do that small thing for Sherlock.
“Ah, that must be my misunderstanding. When he telephoned, Mr. Holmes was quite insistent that we also fit you out with shirts and ties.”
“And you had Charlotte just to keep me? Did you really not know by then, that it had never been you I loved?”
“No,” Sherlock pouted and turned his back on John, curled up facing the wall and undertook a level nine sulk.
Of course, John and Mary were very concerned by their daughter’s inability to sleep for longer than half an hour and had consulted many medical professionals along the way. In her infancy, the diagnosis had been colic or reflux, the cure being that ‘she will grow out of it by a year’. Every developmental check was ended by a conversation on the subject and every visit to the GP included an update:
“Sherlock! You are my one shrue love, d’ja know that? Do you my lovitty-love-love? You’re my daaarlin’, my babe-alicious, my sweetheart, I lurrrrve you, love”.
The women climbed higher and higher into the bridge’s Victorian Battlements until they could go no further, coming to a standstill outside a metal door.
“The tetranitromethane. It combusts spontaneously from strong vibrations. They have to come in gently”. He began to wretch again.
“It’s a girl. She was born at 5.23 a.m. weighing 6lbs 3 oz, which is not too bad under the circumstances. She spent some time with Mum, who gave her a name, Emelia. She is in an incubator and receiving pain relief and hydration. There is also some jaundice so she is having light therapy. The midwives gave her a feed and she is sucking well. Her next feed is due in about half an hour, give or take.”
One part of Sherlock’s mind soars into action, considering gene splicing and egg donation, surrogacy and other possibilities. Another part is far more interested in the fact that John has indicated that he considers this relationship to be one in which he can give Sherlock this. A child. That it is for the long-haul.
Dipping his tongue down to press Sherlock’s perineum, John gently began to stroke his fingertips up and down the length of Sherlock’s cock.  Then took the substantial girth entirely in his mouth, sucking and licking at the cleft at the top.
The first time it had fallen from John Watson’s lips, however had been a much more cataclysmic event. Sherlock had, at first, thought he was experiencing auditory hallucinations caused by the massive blow to the head from a falling plank of wood as he and John attempted to climb into the abandoned house.
“Shouldn’t we go and get Lestrade? Her brother is in the house, you know, he let me in and there could be others around. We should just let Greg follow procedure”.
“Sherlock, I have something for you.” He drops the plain manilla file in his husband’s lap. After all his planning, John is a bit nervous about how his gift will be received, but he has a made a plan and the time has come to see it through.
“Sherlock, you don’t have to go through with this. Not if you don’t want. You’re still a young man and there are plenty of others out there. It’s just, I can’t forget, Sherlock,” she turns and looks him straight in his surprised face. “I haven’t forgotten what he did to you, nor should you. Someone has to say it; he married someone else and then forgave her when she shot and nearly killed you. He’s just not good enough for you.”
John slumped back against the shelves as Sherlock stood. He was breathing hard and Sherlock wrapped his arms around John, who leaned into him, resting his head on the taller man’s shoulder.
Two hours later John was making his way up the 17 stairs to the flat. He, Greg and Mike had had a great night ending with a chorus of “You know I love you, right?”, although Greg’s attempts had been interrupted by an attack of the hiccups. John was at one with the world and very keen to share his bonhomie with his beautiful boy.
Greg brought Emilia and Katy home. John wanted a few minutes by himself with Sherlock and Mycroft would have her dropped back to the flat to him. He had decided he really did need to get some sleep, in a bed. Their bed.
John was gobsmacked. He had never, ever seen Sherlock react in such a warm, open way to anyone, not even him. Something twisted inside his stomach.
John moved to the fridge and was pleasantly surprised to find it packed full of fresh food, his shopping trip of the previous day forgotten. He made himself cereal with fresh blueberries and strawberries with a banana on the side for good measure, eating it quickly. Handing Sherlock tea “I really am going to have to cook this evening or all those vegetables will go to waste”.
Sherlock watches as Martha makes a decision and takes a deep breath. She says what she had tried to say earlier:-
“I would have thought even you could deduce breakfast, Sherlock. Do call John, the eggs are getting cold. Ah, there he is.”
“She is fine but when I first arrived and saw you and Mary, I realised that Charlotte was in danger. I knew that for Mary to have a gun here, she must have help and that she would send someone for the baby. I’m sorry, John. I left you to go to her”.
“It has always been you, love. From the day I met you until now, nothing and no-one has ever come close to how I feel about you. From what I can gather from other people, that’s rare. Then we – you- fucked it up so spectacularly that I gave up on it, on us, ever happening.” He raises a hand to silence Sherlock “Yes, I now understand why you fell, for me and I will never, ever forget that as long as I live, but it happened and we both know the consequences.”
“I can’t listen to you whine any longer! Turn over“ barked John. Obediently, Sherlock moved onto his front.
Once more, Greg Lestrade met them at the gate of the complex, his hopeful “Care to explain Sherlock?” ignored as Sherlock stabbed the lift call button. Lestrade raised a questioning eyebrow at John who simply shrugged back; Sherlock had been silent throughout their journey, deep in thought.
Indeed, Rosie, master of manipulation and queen of the dizzying mood change, decides to take a different approach. She drapes herself along Sherlock’s side, small hands balled up under his arm, wriggling fingers tickling a little. She looks up at him from beneath her blonde eyelashes.
John had crouched down, holding the large watermelon on the kitchen floor in front of him. Sherlock raised the mallet and brought it down with the force he had estimated was necessary to reproduce an injury similar to that found on Mark Willis.
“Prodigal chemistry student who studied but never graduated from Oriel College, Cambridge. You are a poor eater, but substitute food with coffee and sneak cigarettes on the rare occasions you are not with your husband. You have had a substance abuse problem in the past but have been clean for at least two years. You feel the cold but hate the heat more. You have larger than average feet for a man your height and have difficulty shopping for shoes. You have a very sweet tooth and have at least two cavities that you are ignoring until the pain becomes insufferable as you hate going to the dentist. How did I do?”
So that is exactly what he did. With gentle caresses, long, slow kisses, encouraging words and exquisite moans, John showed Sherlock exactly how he felt. When, later that evening, they lay together, sated and their sweat cooling, Sherlock laid his head on John’s chest and looked out of the window at the now perfectly clear night sky. He gazed at the stars, thought about the magnitude of the universe and, with the luminosity of a quasar, saw his place in it.
Sherlock stands for a moment, his back to John, his skin stark contrasts of warm light and deep shade in the small light from the fire.
“Look, John, when ‘b’ and ‘h’ are together, they make the ‘v’ sound and ‘s’ with ‘e’ makes ‘sh’. It’s fascinating!”
“Can’t understand why their own security checks didn’t spot him, why their psychometric tests didn’t”
Neither man says a word, although John raises an enquiring eyebrow at Sherlock’s second demonstration of lust in 12 hours. Talking and touching at the same time do not work for Sherlock, as they had found out very early on. He loves the sound of John’s voice but only when spread out in isolation, eyes closed and able to focus on the words. Talking and touching simultaneously is overwhelming, make his brain take flight and panic rise in his chest.
Sherlock nods and opens his arms wide, John rolling over on top of him, laying his full weight on him and grounding Sherlock. Without verbal communication, they have developed their own code for expressing their desires. John now dip his tongue firmly in and out of Sherlock’s ear and is rewarded by a vehement nod and an opening of Sherlock’s legs.
No, not at all, I woke up that way, I’m so sorry. Oh, that, not it's just a reaction to my….. tea. Purely physical. Apologies John, it was merely the friction of my sheet. “Hnnng,” replied Sherlock. Oh, God, shoot me now.
“God it’s good to have you back here with me where you belong.” John murmured into Sherlock’s shoulder, kissing his neck and cheek. He leaned over and turned off the bedside lamp and was settling himself in for sleep when Sherlock reached over a hand and stroked John’s back, tracing the lines of his shoulder blades, his spine and then down over the curve of his boxer-short covered backside.
Mary gave a small, bitter laugh “I’m so done sharing you. It was bad enough I always had to share you with him, but now her too. It’s not fair, I never had you to myself”.
The walk home was nearly as much fun as the shopping had been. John passed by chi-chi boutiques and delicatessens. There were shops offering organic beauty treatments and gardening services. He entertained himself with daydreams of a life where such things were not only affordable but considered a necessity.
Ten minutes later and they were curled around each other, John resting his head on Sherlock’s chest and stroking his arm. Sherlock bent to kiss him, almost missing his mouth in the dark and half landing on John’s nose instead.
“I’m sorry for spoiling your experiment.” John begins, quietly, “I just couldn’t take the risk of you hurting yourself again.”
The noise frightened Sherlock. It was the first noise he had heard in a while and although it only lasted a moment, it made him jump. He spent ages trying to work out what had made it. It seemed very familiar and he narrowed it down to being either a frog, a bell or a bird chirping. He flexed his fingers and wriggled his toes. It felt good so he decided to do it again. Breathing in deeply he also decided to see if he could wrinkle up his nose. He could! It was so exciting he did it again. Exhausted then, he went back to floating.
Sherlock wiggles a single, long, index finger towards Rosie’s chin. She giggles and he flexes all five fingers at her.
And suddenly someone was there, swooping in and picking her up, cooing and shushing her, rocking and holding her tightly
The cab ride home was quiet, both men lost in their thoughts. John knew he was going to have to tell Sherlock something and maybe this was the opportunity he had been waiting for? There was no point in trying to lie so should he just take the risk of telling the truth?
“Confirming your own findings, Dr. Watson, you are both fine. It is now thirty six hours since she was exposed to the bacteria so highly unlikely she is infected. However, you both must finish your antibiotics. Any changes, give me a call.”
John turned to the display cabinet the older man had indicated. He briefly toyed with the idea of having the suit made in the Watson tartan, just to piss off Sherlock, but his eye was soon caught by the beautiful, soft sheens of the silk blends and the subtle colour changes in the wool options.
“John, my previous experiences are in the past. I am safe when I am with you. I know that. I trust you. I want you to enjoy this too. I want you to feel you can always be yourself with me. You can trust me too. Trust me to be what you need. Let me know you”.
Cleaning up and recovered enough to walk, they fall into bed. Sherlock snuggles up beside John, his own arm bent under his head and considers the moment. He, Sherlock Holmes, is engaged to be married. Of all the things he had ever put his mind to, this has to be one of the most improbable. He sneaks a look at John, eyes closed, hand resting gently on his own chest. The fact that they are even here in the room together, let alone in a relationship, let alone engaged to be married is extraordinary. Sherlock begins to laugh.
As their breathing calmed,  John reached down for his underpants to clean up some of the mess they had made.
“You’re beautiful” John declared, thinking of the way his words had affected Sherlock earlier. Sherlock responded with a scowl, but relaxed a little.
Sherlock slinked into the room behind the incandescent John, trying to maintain his composure. He moved into the kitchen to make conciliatory tea only to feel John’s hand on his shoulder, spinning him back around.
“Sherlock?” He waited and watched Sherlock’s face for any signs of movement. Nothing. He buried his head into the nape of Sherlock’s neck. He had imagined it.
Arriving on the second floor, everyone turns to them as they make their entrance. Molly beams at Sherlock, wrapping him in a tight hug. As soon as she lets go, Lestrade moves in to do the same. Sherlock blinks rapidly, processing the unexpected touch and accompanying emotion. Extricating himself, he finds Mummy waiting patiently for his attention. Knowing better than to hug him, she satisfies herself by fixing his already straight silvery-grey, silk tie; smoothing his creaseless navy-blue suit jacket and beckoning him down until she can press a kiss to his cheek. Daddy grins at him and they shake hands.
Sherlock’s orgasm hits him hard; yesterday’s longing and unsatisfied, late-night erection all coalescing in the tip of his cock as he comes and comes, arching up and back into John’s strong arms that hold him tight as it washes over him.
“One day, you will need something. Something to believe in. I am to give you a gift. It will remind you that everything you have experienced here today is true”. Strange handed Sherlock a matchbox.
As always now, on the mantlepiece sits the small, lacquered wooden box; the lid inlaid with an intricate pattern of darker wood, branches, leaves and tiny flowers intertwined. The box is, at most, five centimetres square and four deep. John gently traces the pattern with his left index finger. She should be here. His baby should be here today. Tears suddenly burn in his eyes. He had lain in bed with Sherlock as they discussed what she would have looked like and what she would have worn for their wedding. John had even gone online and looked at shoes; tiny sparkly creations with butterflies. He would have held her small hand tightly as they walked up to meet Sherlock together.
The one fixed point in each day was the arrival of a black limousine at the door and a visit to Molly in Barts for a urine test, one of the conditions of his brother’s arrangement with ‘England’ for him to remain at liberty. Occasionally he also took up residence in the laboratory, responding to Molly’s enquiries with monosyllabic answers, or more often, a silencing look.
“That’s an interesting thing. It is listed in his contacts as ‘Do not answer this number’. We are still trying to identify the number though, it’s just ringing out. You know what the phone companies are like with their privacy and stuff”.
Glancing at the clock, he realised Emilia would be arriving in from school soon and then it would be time for Sherlock’s bed bath so he had better pull himself together. He was so tired. Maybe tonight he should go home and sleep. But what if….
Greg and Katy arrived at 5.45 and had duly brought the tea bags. They all had a cup and while the two cousins chatted animatedly about school, eyeliner and YouTube vlogs, Greg and John went to get something to eat.
“Good Afternoon Gentlemen. Apologies for your inconvenience but this seemed the best way to get the attention of a particular someone. Inside the other two balloons is tetranitromethane. In exactly one hour, if I do not get the information I need, I shall detonate the small explosives in those balloons and this place will go up in flames and with all that paint lying around, it won’t take long for it to
“I mean, my life was such that I never gave it any thought. It was never an outside possibility, so I didn’t waste any brain power thinking about it.” Sherlock maintains a steady gaze on Rosie who now has one hand outstretched towards the yellow bucket handle.
John bought her coffee for her and listened while she grumped about some of her current case load. Nothing specific of course, but the generalities were enough to leave a pain lodged in the kind heart of John Watson.
“Fuck yes, my beautiful boy. Always my beautiful boy. Show me Sherlock what you have for me. You know how much I’ve missed you.”
John let out a long, deep sigh and smiled. Smiled at the opportunity he had to show this amazing man exactly how he felt about him. Smiled at the trust shown in him. Smiled at the honesty. This was the first time John had smiled in a long time. He stroked Sherlock’s beautiful face:
There is nothing that we can do or say that will ever repay that debt, of the lives – our lives – saved. No gift can reflect the gratitude we owe this brave man, no words can match what he has done for us, yet we have to try. Already lauded by those other cities, by the British Army and of course by His Majesty, Ladies and Gentlemen will you please be upstanding and show your appreciation for Sir General John Watson”.
John adds a second finger, but climbs up to his knees to be able to go deeper, his strokes smoother, slower. More lube, a third finger and Sherlock is mewling; small, pitiful noises as John methodically fucks him, brushing his prostate on each outward slide. John’s other hand is between his own legs, sliding his cock through a loose fist as he studies Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock just gave a snort of laughter and the tension in the room eased. “I think that’s just you John, but I am deeply flattered. Now it’s your turn”.
“Then, I would like to unbutton the top three buttons of your shirt, just enough to loosen it and still sitting behind you, I would carrying on stroking, moving onto your shoulders and collarbone. I have a bit of a thing for your clavicle Sherlock. Did you know that? Did you never deduce me looking at it, the sharp, clear lines of your bone under the tightly stretched skin?”
Mary saw her opportunity “Of course they were lies. I love you John, I’ve always loved you, why would I put all we had at risk? I hadn’t been working after I shot Sherlock, there had been no more hits. I swear”! She was using exactly the approach Sherlock had predicted.
John woke gently to the sounds of music he couldn’t name but knew he had heard it before. It was a melodramatic piece, rising and falling at speed. John was enjoying it, liked the way it filled his head and eased him into the day. After five minutes he forced himself up out of the bed. He was going to have to see Sherlock, couldn’t keep putting off this conversation. He had spent a good while before going to sleep considering what he was going to say, how he would explain his actions and how Sherlock would react. He did consider refusing to talk about it at all, but knew Sherlock would find out one way or another. At least this way John could control what Sherlock found out and how.
In another anonymous hotel room in yet another city, Sherlock sat on the end of the bed and stared at himself in the mirror opposite, forcing himself to stand and begin his day. He winced slightly at the pull of the healing leg injury and stopped to check the bandaging covering the deep gash. He thought of John and how he would have sat quietly and methodically drawn the torn skin together with butterfly sutures and gentle words. Sherlock would need to visit a pharmacy at some point today so he could redress it.
John considered the question for a moment, beamed and announced loudly so he could be heard over the heaving crowd:
I have been having a few trying days in RL with work getting in the way of everything else, so I have some catching up to do.
He was more than a little surprised when his phone beeped and it was a message from Sherlock asking him to meet him to work on the case. With his newly minted self-awareness flooding over him like a bucket of cold water, he stood up. Of course he would go and meet Sherlock. It looked like this was how it was going to be now; Sherlock would call and he would always go.
The armed policemen retreated as quickly as they had arrived. John was left with his shaking arm pointing a gun at thin air and the sound of his own voice ringing in his ears. He managed to stop screaming out loud but the sound carried on in his head. Still holding the gun, he put his hands onto the floor and moved to all fours. Not noticing the growing pool of blood spreading slowly towards him, he began to crawl towards the back wall. Once there, he sat leaning back against the filthy wood panels, exhausted and shaking. He was still breathing hard and the sweat pouring out of him was mixing with the dirt and splattered blood. John began to rock backwards and forwards slightly, his eyes closed.
That brings this little story to an end. I would like to dedicate it to all the great Daddies who fight for and protect their children everyday, although hopefully not from murderous mothers, and to all those parents who are both Mother and Father to their children.
